 The armada of nearly 5,000 Imperium warships maintained orbit around the fourth planet of a binary solar system. The vessels remained fully cloaked, invisible to even the most sophisticated sensors. Although far from the Collective's trade routes, every precaution had been taken to ensure they weren't accidentally detected. Surprise, after all, was a key part of the plan to retake the Collective from the AIs that had once served humanity.

This planet had been chosen for its humid warm year-round climate, and many mineral hot springs, which played a key role in birthing the hybrids. When Ragnar and I landed our shuttle near the hybrid settled, we were shocked at how many of the females where pregnant.

On average, pregnant hybrids carry approximately 3,000 fetuses. Although we had agreed before departing that it would be necessary to significantly increase our numbers to win the impending war with the Collective's AIs, it was startling to see how our three thousand offspring had taken to the task with such unexpected zeal.

After a quick calculation, I estimated at this reproductive pace, we would number at least 3 billion hybrids in just two years. No wonder the original Imperium had been able to take over the Milky Way Galaxy in such a relatively short time! We certainly would have more than enough hybrids to pilot the fleet and field troops.

Technically, the first generation of hybrids were brothers and sisters, but the Imperium AI had assured us that this massive inbreeding wouldn't result in the type of genetic abnormalities and mutations the would have occurred with humans. Fortunately, our partial Imperium DNA was robust and differentiated enough to ensure that future generations would be genetically robust and stable.

Exhausted from the months of frantic work to get the fleet ready for battle, I slowly walked up the hill to the shelter that had been erected for Ragnar and me. Before entering, I looked out over the city below me. Our children, and even some of our grandchildren, were busy working and playing everywhere. I was surprised that some of them wore human-like clothing.

As I plopped down on our bed, I saw Ragnar lumber into the bedroom behind me. He looked exhausted too.

"Come lay down with me," I said, patting the mattress next to me.

"Why do you think some of the children started wearing clothing?" I wondered aloud, truly puzzled by what I had seen.

"When the fleet got close enough to ensure that our communications couldn't be picked up by the Collective, Ta' Pol transmitted all the data files from our old freighter to the colony. It seems that some of the hybrids became fascinated with human fashion, and decided to design their own clothing. I know, it seems pointless, given that our bodies are covered with scales that offer concealment and protection from the elements, even the hard vacuum of space. But, kids, you know?" Ragnar said, with a smirk.

I thought about that revelation for a moment, and then said, "It makes me wonder what other human eccentricities they are picking up from those data archives."

Ragnar laid down next to me, and continued his explanation, while we snuggled.

"Kang told me that the exploration of human sexuality has become a huge topic of interest. And, as you might have guessed, it is not particularly fond of that development, but tolerating it, so far," Ragnar said, chuckling.

I put my head across Ragnar's huge chest, and stroked his face. This was good news, as both of us felt strongly that the merger of human and Imperium sexuality was the only chance for the hybrids to avoid falling into the same trap that had destroyed their Imperium ancestors over 60 million years ago. 

We could ill-afford another gender-driven civil war. That conflict had come about, in large part, because of the brutality females suffered during mating. The blending of humans and Imperium DNA at least gave the hybrids a fighting chance at finding a more equitable way of mating and relating to one another this time around. 

Ragnar told me that some of the hybrid females had even become openly dominate, finding submissive males to take as companions. Other females followed in the footsteps of their Imperium ancestors, and enjoyed fully submitting to their male partners. However, they all appeared to be choosing of their freewill, not driven by the single-minded biological imperative of the original Imperium. I was relieved to hear that their own individuality guided them in sex, love, and relationships.

Personally, as a human male, I had always been more comfortable subservient to females. As a hybrid female, I became even more submissive, at least in the bedroom. Publicly, however, I asserted my will and authority and stood equal to my mate, Ragnar. Clearly, my new-found confidence directly stemmed from my hybrid transformation.

I thought and saw life through alien eyes, yellow lizard like ones, to be exact. As a hybrid, my intellect had increased exponentially, especially in areas such as science and engineering. I felt comfortable leading, in ways I had never dreamed possible as a human male. In the truest since, Ragnar and I were equals in our work to overthrow the Collective's AIs, and free humanity from their servitude.

Nonetheless, behind closed doors, I preferred the old Imperium way of mating. I relished the feelings of helplessness, humiliation, utter surrender that were part of the ritual. Indeed, Ragnar and I had gone far beyond the basic Imperium mating ritual, adding many of the BDSM practices we enjoyed as humans.

After we slept for several hours, I woke and went to the bathroom. When the lights came on, I wasn't surprised to see that my stomach had turned transparent, with thousands of inert tadpole-like creatures floating in blue liquid. The sight of massive procreation going on all around us had subconsciously triggered me to become fertile again.

When I returned to the bed, Ragnar immediately noticed my visible womb. As he watched me slowly circle the bed to his side, his huge cock began to stiffen. I stood next to his head, and open the scales covering my alien vagina, he immediately caught the scent from it, and pulled me on top of him. 

"Are you sure you want to go through another pregnancy so soon?" he asked, looking concerned.

"We can't have our children having all the fun," I said, smiling seductively.

"No, I suppose we can't. Get your slave collar, and the shackles. If I am going to knock you up, let's make it memorable," he commanded.

I obeyed, scampering over to the trunk where we kept our personal things, and retrieved the indicated items. I brought them back to the bed, and then knelt next to Ragnar, head bowed, arms out reached, offering the collar and shackles to him. Ragnar sat up, fastened the metal slave collar around my neck, shackled my wrists and ankles together. The chains connecting them allowed me to stand, but only if I hunched forward.

As he stood up, four long slimy tentacles erupted from his back. The moonlight from the window highlighted the razor-sharp spines on his hard cock. I lick my kips, hungry for him. Two of his tentacles wrapped around my chains, easily suspending me in the air, face down. I swung back and forth slowly, about knee height off the ground, as Ragnar moved behind me.

"You are going to take this like the bitch you are, understand?" he said.

"Yes, master," I said, panting in lust.

The collar was tight, making it hard to breath and speak. I saw another tentacle reach under our bed and retrieve the pain stick. When Ragnar had been a human female, she had often used that electric crop on me. It was exceedingly painful.

However, my thick scales now insulated me from it. So, I was surprised to see it. He must have retrieved it from our old freighter, while we had been aboard the Imperium flagship. I felt him press it against my anus, and my eyes went wide in fear. I realized that my insides had no protection from its powerful shocks!

"Allie...I mean...Ragnar...please hurt me, fuck me, I am yours to do with, as you see fit," I said, my voice trembling and raspy.

"Bitch, I know that. Tell me how much you want it," he said, snorting.

"I have never wanted, needed anything more. I crave your cock ripping up my cunt, your tentacles stretching me, your tale penetrating my ass. If you don't fuck me soon, my desire will consume me!" I said, moaning loudly.

And with that, he plunged the pain stick up my ass, and pressed the stud to deliver a mind-numbing shock that raced up my spine, even making my teeth hurt. I opened my mouth to scream, but it was instantly filled with his tail. This was a new move. My eyes went wide with surprise, I choked on his tail, as he forced it further down my throat. Then, he opened wide the triangular end of his tail, completely sealing off my airway.

As I choked quietly on his tail, hanging from the shackles, looking down at the floor, I became desperate to breath. Ragnar pressed the tip of his cock firmly against my pussy. With a loud grunt, he simultaneously pulled the chains toward him, and shoved his powerful hips forward, causing me to be fully impaled his cock. Its jagged spines cut deeply into my tender pussy. I tried to scream, but couldn't make a sound, with his tail buried down my throat.

I began to get light headed, my body desperately craving air. I struggled, fruitlessly. As the pain in my vagina raged unchecked, he began pumping me hard. Each stroke was full, and caused massive damage to my cunt. However, my hybrid healing abilities instantly repaired my torn nerves and flesh, making each subsequent stroke even more painful.

Fortunately, the spines on his cock began injecting the hormone into me, creating an overwhelming feeling of euphoria. As I hung from the shackles doggy style, my legs and arms pulled wide apart, and the pain stick sending random shocks through my entire body, Ragnar fucked me harder and faster.

Clearly, the idea of impregnating me again had driven him into a sexual frenzy. I was close to losing consciousness, when I violently came. He ripped his tail out of my throat, causing me to cough and sputter. I groaned loudly, spitting saliva everywhere. I felt his cock penetrate my womb, and its sharp gills anchor the head firmly inside me.

We came together. I saw huge gobs of red cum ejaculated into my transparent womb, imbuing the tadpoles with life. A tentacle wrapped round my head, and snapped my head up. As Ragnar turned the pain stick on high, and we climaxed. Like our other alien orgasms, we left our physical bodies, and entered a realm of pure thought.

The fantasy worlds we shared during these moments were different each time. However, they felt as authentic as the physical world. They could last days, despite only seconds passing in real time. Interestedly, we always appeared as humans in these imaginary realms. Neither of us were quite sure why. This time was no different.

I was dressed in a giant fluffy floor length white dress, made of the finest silk. Perched on the end of a luxurious featherbed, I looked down at a polished stone floor. My gaze slowly followed a circular rock wall, clearly the work of skilled stone masons. I was in some sort of tower. A handsome man, dressed in shiny metal body armor, stood in front of me, looking concerned.

He spoke rapidly in an old Earth accent. He assured me that the king, my husband, would prevail in the forthcoming conflict. However, just as a precaution, he had been charged with my protection. I nodded, pretending to care.

Hearing noises, I went to a hole in the wall that apparently served as a window. Peering into the distance over the castle walls, I spotted a small army heading toward an ocean beach. Many wooden longboats were just coming ashore.

The knight offered me his spyglass. It was a very crude telescope, but it magnified the view just enough for me to make out a man dressed in gold armor. He rode a magnificent white steed, leading the charge of other mounted knights. There were about a hundred knights, with about twice that many soldiers attempting to back them up on foot. The infantry was, however, quickly falling behind the advancing cavalry. Charging the invaders coming ashore, without his whole army, seemed a foolhardy move to me.

I adjusted the spyglass and focused more closely on the landing ships. All the longboats had colorful dragon shaped bows. Rugged men, partially hidden by wooden shields, lined the sides of the ships. They rowed furiously, as the longboats closed the final meter to the beach.

Without doubt, these invaders were old-Earth Vikings. And I was likely an English queen, with a foolish husband that was rushing headlong into his death.

My previous experiences in these virtual realities had taught me to just let events develop, until I could locate Ragnar. I watched as the Viking longboats glided into the stand, and the warriors jumped out. I could make out a tall well-muscled man barking orders at the other Vikings, clearly their leader.

The Viking warriors lined up along the beach, using their wooden shields to form a wall. The English king, presumably my husband, raised his hand, and all the knights halted their steeds about 30 meters from the shield wall. Apparently, he had come to his senses, and was waiting for his foot soldiers to catch up.

Once his entire army had gathered together, he commanded the infantry to charge the wall of Vikings. About a dozen of the infantry remained behind, unslinging longbows, while the rest ran toward the shield wall, shouting, and waving their swords in blood lust. 

As the infantry advanced, the bowman rained down arrows on the Vikings. However, the Vikings shifted their shields overhead, stopping most of the arrows from reaching their intended targets. They held their ground.

I could see their bearded leader pacing back and forth behind the shield wall, barking orders. The first wave of English infantry smashed into the shield wall, but were unable to break through. Worse yet, the warriors on the other side shoved swords and spears through small holes in the wall, seriously wounding or killing most of these English foot soldiers.

Wave after wave of infantry threw themselves against the shield wall, only to suffer the same fate at their predecessors. Soon, the bodies of the English soldiers were piled high on the ground. After the English king had lost about two-thirds of his infantry, he finally signaled a retreat. The remaining soldiers quickly withdrew, carrying their wounded with them.

With his infantry out of the way, the king lead his knights in a cavalry charge. This seemed like a wiser move. I couldn't imagine that the wall would hold against armored men mounted on horses. The king and a dozen of his knight arrived at the wall before the rest of his cavalry.

However, just as they were about to crash into the wooden shields, the wall suddenly opened, allowing them to freely ride through it. Then, it closed behind them, trapping the king and his small contingent of knights behind enemy lines.

I had to admit, the leader of the Vikings was damn clever. The breaded warriors quickly cut down the trapped knights. Men and horses fell to the ground. The last survivor, the king dismounted, dropped his lance, and pulled a huge broadsword from its scabbard.

Two handed, he hoisted it over his head, and cut a swath through the Vikings standing between him and their chief. The king expertly slayed at least six warriors. The Vikings' axes and smaller swords were clearly no match for the King's massive weapon, which he wielded with strength and skill. When he reached the Viking chief, the man hefted a battle axe in one hand, and a sword in the other.

At that instant, I knew without a doubt that the Viking leader was Ragnar, my beloved. I had seen him fighting with those same two weapon many times in the holo-room aboard our scout ship. However, as Ragnar battled the king, it became apparent that Englishman was the more accomplished fighter.

I felt my stomach clinch, as the king's broadsword sliced into my beloved's forearm. The knight next to me must have seen it too, as he yelled encouragement to the king. Ragnar's arm was seriously injured, forcing him to drop his sword.

However, he instantly spun around low with his battle axe. The king tried to jump back, but his heavy body armor slowed him just enough, so that the axe sliced through both his knees, chopping off his legs. He tumbled backward, falling into the ocean surf.

Ragnar tossed his axe in the sand, and picked up the king's broadsword. In one swift movement, he plunged the sword through the king's chest armor, piercing his heart. Given the kind's crippled condition, it was probably a mercifully death, albeit a gruesome one. The surf washed over the fallen king, turning crimson near his body.

The knight at my elbow grabbed me by the arm, and whisked me out of the room. As I gathered up my dress and tried not to stumble, he assured me that he would get me to safety. Of course, I had no desire to leave. I wanted to wait for Ragnar, but I could hardly tell him that. So, we ran down the tower steps together.

A carriage was waiting just outside the tower. It was attached to four powerful black horses, with a driver sitting on top, motioning us to hurry. Once the knight shoved me inside the carriage, the driver whipped the horses, and they bolted forward, throwing me back against the rear of the cabin.

However, the minute the rear gates of the castle wall swung open, a flood of Vikings swarmed inside, attacking the knights guarding me. My personal protector lead the defense. He put up a valent fight, but the odds were just too great, and he perished along with the other knights.

Defenseless, I was yanked out of the carriage, and fell into a large mudpuddle. My beautiful dress was covered in black muck. I sat there, not knowing what to do next. The Vikings gathered around me, and broke into laughter, pointing and yelling insults at me. Several of them kicked mud in my face. I was humiliated and angry, but could only cover my face.

Abruptly, the warriors fell silent, and stepped back from me. I wiped the filth out of my eyes, and looked up to see Ragnar grinning at me, ear-to-ear.

I picked up a handful of mud to throw at him, but he grabbed my wrist first, then lifted me into the air by it. Almost twice my size, he easily dangled me there. It hurt like hell, and I could hear his warriors shouting their approval of his rough treatment of an English queen.

Ragnar bent close to my ear, and whispered, "Enjoying yourself? Trust me, the best is yet to come. I think a good public flogging and fucking would be befitting your highness!"

He was clearly enjoying himself. I began to protest, but he took a handful of mud and stuffed it in my mouth. His warriors roared with mirth. Spitting and choking, I felt Ragnar set me down on my feet, and then kick me in the ass, hard. I shot forward, almost landing in the mudpuddle again.

Off balance, two of his men grabbed me my arms. They unceremoniously ripped off my filthy wet dress, then tore my undergarments. I was entirely naked, except for a whalebone coreset that tightly laced up my midsection. One of the warriors looped a rope around my neck.

By then, Ragnar had mounted a horse. He took the rope and then tied it around his saddle horn. I was spitting out mud, when he dug his heels into the horse's sides, causing it to gallop down the dirt street, with me in tow.

Barefooted, I ran as fast as I could, holding the rope in an attempt to keep the rope from strangling me. However, I lost my footing and was dragged the last few meters into the castle square. I lay in the dirt, arms and legs bruised, dirt covering every inch of me. 

Vikings herded the castles' women and children into the square. I was roughly picked up and carried to a wooden platform. A warrior made me kneel in front of a pillory, and then lowed a wood slate down, trapping my head and hands.
