 Author's note: Sorry this chapter took longer to post than the previous ones. I had to rearrange some of the events to help it flow better. This chapter also has very little sex to speak of as we get to the final action. 

Part IV: 

Chapter 14: Negotiations 

"Your Majesty!" the Page's voice came urgently. Edward looked up at the dark brown face of Daniel, his page and son of James, Duke of Sabbatical. The boy appeared nearly hysterical which was completely out of character for the normally taciturn boy. 

"What is it, Daniel?" 

"The queen! Your queen, I mean. Queen Maeve sent me to get you!" 

"Daniel! Take a breath. And then tell me." 

Daniel took a deep breath, then another before he was able to speak. 

"The queen has gone into labor. Queen Maeve said you must be there. You must." 

"So the doctor didn't send you?" Edward asked, standing from his desk. "Maeve did?" 

"Yes, sir," the boy wrung his hands. 

"Very well. Lead the way." 

Daniel took Edward through the Kype to the ancient birthing pool in the lower reaches of the main castle. The low room was stiflingly warm and humid. His dear Melissa lay in the warm waters, her eyes closed, trying to regulate her breathing. 

"Melissa, my love?" Edward whispered, not wanting to startle her. 

"Edward? I didn't send for you yet," she murmured. 

"I'm glad to be here, though," he smiled. 

Edward spent the next hours in the birthing pool with his wife, comforting her through the pain of her labor. He was there at the end when her body was suffused with light and her back arched with pain as a tremor came up through the earth and their son was birthed from her body into the pool of warm water. The child was also suffused with the same light, and the earth trembled still more. Melissa screamed in agony, but not from the pain of childbirth. The midwife was there to catch the infant and place him on his mother's chest. The boy's high-pitched howl mingled with his mother's shriek of pain for several minutes while Edward struggled to understand what was going on. Finally the light winked out at the same moment that Edward felt Melissa's body relax, cradled protectively against his chest. Their son mewed and rutted instinctively against Melissa, as she gently stroked him, tears falling from her face. She adjusted him and her found her nipple and began to nurse. 

*** 

Edward got his wife and newborn son settled in the royal apartments. He was so proud of the strength Melissa had shown and was already head over heels in love with his son, but he had questions gnawing at him that needed answers. He left his little family in the care of a nurse and set about finding the person he was sure would have some answers. He considered going to his study and summoning her, but he wanted this exchange to be as pleasant as possible. It wouldn't do to get off on the wrong foot with Queen Maeve. He found her sitting surrounded by roses next to one of the showcase fountains on the palace grounds. 

"Your Majesty," he greeted her as he approached, bowing slightly at the neck. The look she turned on him was truly terrifying. At least it was until she let her face soften into one of her rare smiles. 

"Edward! How is your queen?" 

"She is excellent. As is the baby. Thank you for asking," he responded stiffly. 

"I am so glad to hear that. Royal births can be... traumatic... to say the least." 

"Can they?" he asked, bigger questions in his eyes. 

Maeve looked up at him, her large teal eyes conveying a pain that she usually kept well-hidden. 

"Please Edward, sit with me?" she asked, her voice more fragile than he had ever heard it. 

"I told your father that it was not fair to keep these things from you. And from Fiona," she said as he dropped down next to her on the cold stone bench. "But he insisted that you not bare the burden. That the tradition is to keep the magic of royal birthing a secret. And on his deathbed he was confident that we had saved Fiona from the worst of it... 

"If it's any consolation, I understand that normally, the queen experiences much less pain with each successive birth. Due to your father's experience with your mother, I was never to find that out. He insisted we not have any children after Fiona. Had he been in control of it, rather than my Aelfir magic, we would not have had our darling daughter at all." 

"Please. Maeve. Please explain. What did I see?" 

"You saw the very earth that you rule rise up and accept your child. The air that was his first breath sustain him. The water of his birth envelope him. And Melissa felt it, too. Since they live, Terra accepted them. They are part of the Land Law now." 

"WHAT?" Edward leaped back to his feet. 

"Honestly, Edward, I can only explain what I know. I know that many millennia ago spells were placed on the House Royale to link it to the land. The link is renewed, through the mother, at the moment of birth. The link is a promise. The House Royale protects the land and its people, in return the land protects the members of the House Royale. Sometimes... rarely... the mother and babe die together when the link is renewed," Maeve explained, staring into his eyes as he sank back down next to her. "Sometimes the mother simply hasn't the strength to withstand the enormous forces that work through her and into the child." 

"My mother," Edward gasped and paled as he understood. 

She nodded, reaching out to squeeze his hand in sympathy. 

"I do so miss your mother," Maeve said sadly. "You know we were friends from the time we were children. Much like Fiona and your Melissa are friends. We were both ladies-in-waiting to the Queen in Vanguard. When your mother married your father, I was her Maid of Honor. 

"When your father realized the danger she was in during her second pregnancy, he sent for me in the hope that my magic could save her. I tried. The Old Gods know, I tried. But even my magic could not save her. Or the babe. It nearly killed me, trying to save the child your mother sacrificed herself for...," Maeve let out a sob. 

"Your father and I found our love for each other in our shared grief. 

"I can't face the thought of that... again. With my beloved daughter this time." 

"What do you mean? What does this have to do with Fi? I mean beyond that I assume the same thing happened to you when she was born." 

"The Land Law magic... It's in her, as well," Maeve explained patiently. "Any child of hers will be bound to the land as well. She will go through what Melissa went through today. 

"And of course, the House Royale is not the only family with the spells linking it to the land." 

"Citadel?" 

"Yes. Exactly. 

"Your sister... Even now she carries the next Duke of Citadel in her womb. When her time comes, her body will channel both the spells that link her child to the Twelve Realms and those that link him to Citadel. Fiona is strong. Her magic is considerable. If any woman can survive bearing a child of dual parentage, it is she. But still. I wish it were not so. I wish she and Jacob had been able to resist each other. I fear her body will not be able to contain the forces... just as your mother's could not." 

"You're sure? I mean, you're sure Fiona is with child," Edward asked. "She hasn't said. Did she tell you that?" 

"I am as sure as I can be without hearing it from her own mouth. But if her week on Citadel didn't do it, your little ill-advised gift of a holiday here on Terra with Jacob surely did. She is Aelfir. Her magic picked him." 

*** 

Edward made his way back to the royal apartments, his mind a jumble of conflicting thoughts and emotions. But as soon as he saw Melissa with their son, he was all smiles. He took the baby from Melissa and held the tiny bundle to his chest, fascinated by the tiny face of his newborn son. 

"Hello, Simon," he murmured. "It's so good to finally meet you after waiting so long." 

Edward sat down on the bed next to Melissa, the baby in his arms, and looked at his exhausted wife. 

"I am really sorry. I had no idea...," Edward started, his eyes bright with tears. "Maeve said all royal births are like that. My mother... I had no idea. You could have died." 

"But I didn't," Melissa responded, a tired smile on her face. "Childbirth is always dangerous for the mother. This wasn't that different." 

"I...," Edward began, but was interrupted by a pounding at the door. 

He stalked over to the door and pulled it open, ready to give a piece of his mind to whomever dared disturb his time with his family. 

"Your Majesty," a wild-eyed Daniel said, clearly out of breath. "We are getting reports of fighting on a half-dozen worlds near Vanguard. Several beacons are down. You are needed in the War Room." 

*** 

"Tell me what's going on, Jake," Edward commanded his duke. 

"The Empire attacked worlds in Stronghold's and Alcazar's sectors. Vanguard also was hit at the same time. We aren't ready yet to take them with a counter attack. I feel like we are on a clock, but I don't know their timetable." 

"They are definitely being more aggressive in the last two cycles or so." 

"Since D-702." 

"Yes. My spies tell me the Emperor himself has taken an interest. Normally his adult sons lead his armies, but Albinus himself has been leading his forces against us." 

"Do you know why?" 

"I don't. But the Empire has been pushing for a cease-fire and negotiations to end hostilities, so maybe there's a way to find out." 

"A cease-fire might give us time to set our counter strategy in place. We need more time to get out troops all in place." 

*** 

Nearly two cycles later, Jacob found himself on one of Vanguard's primary satellites preparing to meet with envoys of the Empire. He had not been told who he would be meeting with, just that it was someone who had the complete trust of the Emperor. Jacob brought with him Amber and Bartholomew as part of the diplomatic contingent but had no intention of inviting them to meet the Imperials directly. The two were not only skilled fighters, they were also expert gatherers of intelligence. Jacob smiled to himself at that thought. He didn't like thinking of any in his squad as 'spies', but Amber and Bart fit the bill. They were always his first choices for any sort of clandestine mission. Ed always referred to Amber as his 'assassin' but she wasn't really, unless he included character assassination. She was a political operative and a damn fine one; she used all her skills for the benefit of the Twelve Realms. Bart was her best friend and lover. Their espionage skills complemented each other. Jacob had the utmost confidence in their ability to find out why the Emperor himself was so interested in the Twelve Realms. 

The door in front of the contingent from the Twelve Realms dilated open with a soft pop and Jacob stepped through into the council chamber and came to an abrupt halt, one of his diplomats ran into him and cursed. It was readily evident to the group why Jacob was hesitant to enter the room based on the grunts and moans alone. It looked like they had interrupted an orgy featuring two large, pale-skinned men and three times as many women of various Imperial races along with a Terran and Aelfir. Jacob blushed bright pink at the scene in front of him and moved to lead his group away. 

"Your Grace of Citadel! Welcome," one of the pale men said, as his cock pistoned in and out of a moaning Strigavi female, her body covered in soft gray feathers, her beak clicking together in rhythm to his thrusts. Her only adornment was a pale gauzy skirt that covered nothing and a metal collar attached by chains to manacles on her wrists and ankles. 

"We brought extra whores in case you didn't bring your own," the other man said while a Felidatus female crouched between his legs and sucked on his enormous cock. The woman's short jet back fur stood up in a ridge from the bridge of her nose, over her head, and along her spine all the way down her long tail that whipped slowly back and forth to the rhythm of her mouth. The man stood and pushed the woman away nonchalantly. Jacob noticed that the last joint of all of her fingertips had been amputated and tried to suppress a shudder. 

The man adjusted his toga to cover his body and then marched over to where Jacob and his party stood. 

"Greetings, Jacob Duke of Citadel," the man said, inclining his head ever-so-slightly. "I am Aeneas and that is my brother Augustus. We are sons of Albinus and speak with his authority in all negotiations." 

"A pleasure to meet you Prince Aeneas, Prince Augustus," Jacob responded stiffly, nodding to each in turn. 

Augustus was clearly not paying any attention to Jacob as he wrapped his enormous hand around the feathered woman's throat as he pounded into her, roaring out his release as the woman fought to breathe and then tossing her away from him. She lay on the floor, gasping for breath, her chest heaving with her desire for oxygen. 

"We brought you a Terran and an Aelfir, Your Grace," Augustus said, his eyes boring into Jacob. "We don't have any half-breeds of those two species, but we assume you like both. These two are equally skilled at pleasuring." He motioned to the two women who glided toward Jacob. Before they could touch him he raised his hands and motioned them to stop. He saw fear flash in their eyes at his rejection. 

"I am sure they are adept at the carnal arts, but I am here to work, not play." 

"Of course, of course," Aeneas responded, his eyes narrowing. He dismissed the two women with a glance and a sharp twitch of his chin. "Let's get down to business." 

Aeneas and Augustus dismissed their whores and called in their diplomats. Jacob and his team sat down on one side of a long conference table and the Imperials sat down on the other. The princes both seemed bored at the prospect of peace negotiations and let their diplomats take the lead. 

"His Imperial Majesty, Albinus XIV offers peace in exchange for some simple terms. You will provide a tribute to the Empire equivalent to 25% of your GDP. All of your young men and women will join the Imperial Army at the age of 50 cycles to be returned to the Twelve Realms at the age of 300 cycles, should they survive." 

Jacob just stared at the diplomat, his eyes raised in disbelief. 

"Excuse me?" he finally said, blinking in astonishment. 

"Those are the Emperor's terms," the diplomat responded serenely. 

"Absolutely not. Those are non-starters. 

"We are prepared to open trade negotiations to give the Empire the same favored-status as Vanguard and Aelfir." 

The Imperial diplomat pursed his lips and leaned across the table towards Jacob. 

"Let's get to business," he shrugged and said. 

*** 

Lady Amber slipped through the quarters assigned to the Imperial delegation dressed in the nearly-nothing costume of an Imperial whore. She and Bart had modified the collar to include a transmitter to allow her to contact him for a distraction when she was ready to leave. Other than that, she was entirely on her own, just the way she liked it. 

Jacob had shown her some pictures of the lead negotiators on the Imperial side and her goal was to get one of them alone and uninhibited enough to tell her his secrets. She was not above engaging in a little pillow talk in order to gather information to help the Twelve Realms. 

Her first goal was to find where the whores were kept when not with one of the princes or diplomats. She walked with a purposeful stride, never dallying, knowing that confidence was half the battle when trying to blend in where you don't belong. 

She saw two other women, dressed as she was, being escorted by four soldiers and decided to follow them at a discreet distance. The soldiers walked briskly, the women barely able to keep pace. Amber noticed that the women, a Terran and an Aelfir, were crying softly as they walked. Eventually they arrived at the Prince's chambers. The room was richly decorated in fine fabrics and the floors were covered in beautiful rugs. Amber recognized the artistry of a half a dozen formerly independent systems that had been conquered by the Empire in the last 50 cycles. She slid into the shadows at the back of the room where she could watch and listen. The princes themselves marched in past her, never sparing her a glance. 

"His Grace was not taken with either of you," one of the princes said to the women. "You are of no use to the Empire." 

The women clutched at each other and sobbed all the harder. 

"Give us one reason to spare your lives," the other prince said, his tone more bored than angry. 

Neither woman was able to speak. 

As Amber watched, the princes each gathered one of the women into his arms, petting them like a possession. The women quieted, perhaps soothed by the men, and then each man dipped his mouth to his woman's neck. From where Amber watched, she could see the Aelfir woman's eyes roll up into her head and her lids close, then she heard her gasp in ecstasy. A split second later the woman's eyes snapped back open and her mouth curled into a scream that ended abruptly when the prince reached round her head and snapped her neck. The human woman followed the Aelfir in death a heartbeat later, all before Amber's horrified eyes. She could see that each woman had been bitten on the neck by a prince, a black wound evidence on their pale skin. 

Amber froze in her place as the princes left the room, motioning for the soldiers to clean up the mess. She was able to slip out after the princes while the soldiers were occupied with disposing of the bodies. She wandered the corridors until she spotted a group of three more Imperial whores walking together. She was able to blend in with their group easily enough and soon found herself in what amounted to a dormitory. 

She wasn't there long when a man she recognized as the Empire's lead diplomat sauntered in. She gave him a seductive smile and jutted out her breasts in an attempt to entice him. As she watched, his eyes skimmed over the room and then fastened on her. His lips curled into a sinister smile and he beckoned to her. 

"I haven't seen you before. Are you knew?" 

"Yes, my lord," she simpered. "I was brought in especially, but I don't know why." 

"Of course not. What does a whore need to know beyond how to suck cock and moan prettily? 

"Follow me," he said, grabbing the chains that bound her and leading her from the room. 

Amber walked with the diplomat through the corridors and soon found herself in a spacious office. The room was sparsely furnished with nothing in particular giving away the character of its occupant. He guided her to the desk and motioned her to sit between his knees as his fussy fingers plucked at a stack of papers before selecting a piece and bringing it forward to read. 

"Well, get on with it," he sneered, grabbing Amber by the hair and pulling her face towards his groin. 

She set to work unfastening his trousers and froze when she heard more people enter the room. Her diplomat slapped her sharply on the cheek to bring her attention back to her task and in moments his flaccid cock is free. She worked him softly with her hand before licking him while he quickly became firm under her attention. Meanwhile, three other men with their own chained whores gathered around and soon they were discussing the ceasefire negotiations. Amber listened intently to the conversation while she sucked her diplomats cock. 

"The duke is less than enthusiastic about the Emperor's terms." 

"That is certainly not unexpected." 

"They are better terms than they will get when we utterly destroy one or two of their Realms and they surrender to us." 

"But we haven't even asked for what the Emperor really wants yet." 

"When will we get to that?" 

"I don't think the duke is ready yet to give up his lover." 
