 Part III: The Present 

Chapter 12: A Guest of Academy 

Fiona climbed the Eastern battlements on Academy's Kype. She had just started some mild stretching when the Duke joined her. 

"Good morning, David," she smiled at him. 

"Good morning, princess. It's good to see you haven't given up on yoga." 

"Never!" she laughed. "It helps me start my day on the right foot. Jake suggested it to me a lifetime ago." 

"It's also good to see that your injury on D-702 isn't bothering you. Ed said it was pretty bad." 

"Yes and no. It was bad, but the Citadel Wilds healed me." 

"Huh. I have heard that the Wilds can be considered the personification of their world. Citadel must like you." 

"Yes. I think she does. And I like her," Fiona grinned. 

They worked their way through their sun salutation and into warrior pose before moving to their mats with downward dog then cat pose and flowing into a cobra pose. By the time they were done, the sun was well up. "Thank you for joining me, Your Grace," Fiona said, holding out her hand to help the older man up. 

"It's my pleasure, as always," he assured her, his short salt-and-pepper hair was damp with sweat, and his mouth was curved in a friendly half-smile. 

"I was wondering whether you could have dinner with my family this evening," David asked her, his soft brown eyes glinting with mischief. "Lisabet says we need an adult to balance the table since we have a guest from off world visiting for a few days." 

"Oh, David. I don't know that I'm up to entertaining anyone." 

"It shouldn't be too taxing. It's just a lord from one of the outer margin sectors," he said airily. "You won't even have to dig out one of your gowns. I'm sure he will be impressed enough at having a meal with the Princess Royale." 

"Well... I suppose I can join you. I have to eat, don't I?" 

"That you do," he agreed with a grin. 

"Okay, then." 

"We'll be in the private dining room. Be there after your last class." 

"I'll see you then." 

*** 

Fiona went to the women's dormitory to shower and dress in her acolyte's robe and barely made it to her first class of the day on time. She was struggling to learn magic that required her to push out or pull in energy. She had always had a gift for working with the mind, exemplified by her mastery of glamour at a very young age, but that required she work only with what she had inside herself. Manipulation of external forces was a struggle for her. She spent an inordinate amount of time working with the Maesters to try to overcome her limitations. The Maesters had diagnosed her problem as her Land Law magic putting up barriers and interfering with her ability to access external magic. She already had learned enough to earn the stellein, but she wanted to be an asset to Edward and the Twelve Realms, so she worked hard for her Maesters. She threw herself into her morning classes and left happy with the progress she was making, then went to meet with Maester Vincent over lunch. 

"I have considered your request to be able to attend lectures," Maester Vincent told her without preamble. 

"Yes,sir?" Fiona asked hopefully. 

"I have agreed to your request. When you leave here, go to the Kype seamstresses. They have already made you new albs with purple piping which will allow you more freedom of movement within the University. You will be allowed the restricted library and to pursue academic lectures as though you have the stellein." 

"Oh! Thank you, Maester." 

He bowed his head to acknowledge her thanks. 

"Have you made any progress you want to share, cousin?" he asked. 

"I am pursuing some leads. I have already found some of the spells that link the Royal House with Citadel. For example, did you know that the heir to Citadel cannot be born before the heir to the throne? It caused a problem during the reign of William CLXIV. His wife bore him eleven daughters before they had a son. 

"Citadel's Consort suffered several miscarriages," Fiona frowned. "It's pretty sad. The spell should have prevented conception rather than birth." 

"All those princesses...," Maester Vincent mused. "That's why the Princess's Tower was built into the Kype on Terra." 

"There hasn't been a king with so many daughter's since," Fiona nodded in agreement. "Because the Maester's cast a new spell that the first legitimate born of the king is always a boy." 

"Every Duke in the Twelve Realms took a princess as consort after that." 

"Every Duke but Citadel. Because it's forbidden." 

"Look again, princess. I'm certain Citadel also took a princess to wife." 

"I... I'll check. Thank you, Maester Vincent." 

*** 

Fiona dressed in a simple silk gown of forest green that hugged her ample curves. She put soft leather slippers on her feet. She wore her platinum and opal royal diadem since David seemed to think her rank would impress his guest, but otherwise went without jewelry or other adornment. She was just having dinner with friends. 

She made her way from the University dormitories over to the Kype where a page met her and escorted her to the family dining room. She held the boy's arm lightly and remembered young Elias escorting her around Citadel and fought the tears that formed in her eyes. 

"You are Page to His Grace?" 

"Yes, Your Highness. I am Henry." 

"Of Sabbatical? Son of James and Sophia?" 

"Yes, ma'am," the boy responded, a shy smile on his face. 

"Well, Henry," Fiona smiled. "It is wonderful to meet you." 

"Thank you, ma'am. 

"My older brother is squire to your brother, the king," he added. 

"Oh, then we have even more in common than I thought. Being the younger sibling, I mean." 

"Yes, my lady." 

"How long have you been with His Grace of Academy?" 

"Just over three cycles." 

"Don't be nervous, Henry. His Grace was once a new Page just like you. I'm sure he remembers what it's like." 

Fiona kept up a steady conversation with the boy as he led her through the Kype. She was very familiar with the castle, but she knew that the young page would feel a sense of accomplishment at having escorted her properly so she let him. He opened the door for her and she walked through, smiling as she spotted David across the room. 

David met her gaze over the broad, muscular shoulder of the tall man he was speaking with. As the man turned toward Fiona, she gasped as his familiar profile came into view. 

"Jake?" Fiona whispered in disbelief. 

She rushed to him and he lifted her in his arms. They kissed, not caring that they had an audience. 

"Oh, Fi. I missed you." 

"Jake, Jake... ," Fiona pulled him against her and held him tightly. 

They kissed again and held each other close. 

"How about we sit down to eat," David interrupted them. 

Jacob took Fiona's hand and escorted her to the table which was set for four. Jacob sat across from David and Fiona faced Lisabet. 

"Just a lord from an outer margin sector, David?" Fiona asked, a chuckle escaping her lips. 

"I wanted to surprise you, princess," David grinned. 

"What really brings you to Academy, Jacob?" Fiona looked at him, one eyebrow arched. 

"Edward sent me here. I have some work to do with David. We have to reinforce the guards protecting the beacons in this sector. But mostly I'm here to be with you, beloved." 

Fiona blushed and dropped her eyes. 

"I thought we'd let Elias give us a tour tomorrow since neither of us knows Academy." 

"I'd like that. But I'll have to get permission from Maester Vincent to leave the University and the Kype." 

"I understand that Edward has already taken care of that." 

The four of them chatted like the old friends they were, reminiscing about their time together as children, while they ate. 

"Elias," Lisabet called her son to the table as the adults concluded their meal. 

"Yes, mama? I mean, yes, Your Grace?" 

"Can you escort His Grace of Citadel to the King's Suite?" 

"If course, Your Grace." Elias responded, but looked questioningly at Fiona. 

"I... Uh. I need to go back to the dormitory. If I'm not there at curfew, they will come searching for me." 

Fiona stood and then so did the others. She embraced Jacob and pulled him down so she could whisper into his ear. 

"I'll come to you tonight, my love." 

*** 

Fiona was long in bed when the curfew bell rang. She used her time to consider how she could get out of the University without using her concealment glamour. She had promised not to use it, but she had not promised not to use her other magic. 

She pulled on her alb and cassock that denoted her status as a student at the University and tied her purple cincture that declared her a high magic-user and rushed through the halls of the women's dormitory and out into the University proper. When she reached the main gate that protected the University and separated it from the Kype, she caused the two guards, lethargic from trying to be vigilant in the face of boredom, to fall asleep on their feet. She breathed a sigh of relief that it worked. She was not confident in her ability to cast sleep without her hands being on the subject. She slipped past them and once she was in the darkness against the Kype's outer wall, she gently woke them. She hoped she'd been subtle enough that they would have no memory of the brief nap. Then she did use her glamour to go unnoticed as she passed the Kype's guards and slipped silently through the corridors to the King's Suite. 

Elias didn't notice the door open and close as Fiona went to Jacob. It was late and she expected the duke to be already in bed. She was surprised to find him still up and working at the desk. She did not drop her glamour immediately, rather she took the rare opportunity to just look at him candidly. She noticed that his eyes, usually sparkling with some hidden thought that she always longed for him to share, were dull with worry and exhaustion. Her own eyes tightened with worry for him. 

She dropped her glamour and walked towards him, but he was concentrating and didn't notice her until her hands touched his broad shoulders and started kneading at the tight muscles she found there. Her thumbs found and rubbed the tension from his neck and he sighed as his body relaxed. She let her arms drape over his shoulders, her hands clasped lightly across his chest, her body pressed against his strong back. Her mouth found his earlobe and he could feel her warm breath in his ear. He took her hand in his and brought it to his mouth, brushing the back of her hand with his lips before turning it over to press a kiss into her palm. He gently tugged her arm and pulled her around and into his lap. 

They kissed softly, slowly, savoring the other. They didn't speak a word as their mouths and hands explored each other. After many minutes Jacob pushed Fiona off of his lap so that he could stand. His large body loomed over hers, his big hands tugged at her rough linen alb in a vain attempt to get to the soft skin beneath. He unfastened her purple cincture but could not seem to puzzle how to free her from the rest of the layers of her garment. Eventually he pulled his mouth away and growled in frustration, desperate to feel her naked skin but unable to. 

"Dammit, Fi. Help," he muttered, causing her to giggle. 

She pulled her alb up and over her head and then unbuttoned her raw silk cassock, carelessly dropping both layers to the floor at her feet. She leaned her naked body against Jacob's clothed one and tilted her chin up to look at him, her eyes heavy-lidded, her lips parted in desire. He leaned into her and she backed away to keep her balance until she felt the wood of the heavy desk behind her naked thighs. She had no choice but to wrap her arms around his neck lest she fall as he continued forward until her rear sat on the desk, his legs pushing hers apart. She felt him shift his hands from where he held her hips and then heard the sound of his belt buckle and then his zipper and the rustle of fabric hitting the floor. His hand dropped down between her legs and she mewed and rocked her hips as his fingers dipped into her moisture there. His left hand held her tightly, his fingers pressing into her butt cheek, with his right hand he positioned his manhood at her entrance. She moaned when she felt him against her folds. Her left hand gripped him on the back of his neck, her right went down to his muscular buttock and pulled him in to her. He didn't need any more invitation to surge forward, burying himself in her in one motion. 

"OH! Jacob...," she cried out as he filled her. 

Fiona fell back onto the desk, her right hand supporting her. Jacob withdrew and then his right hand slapped hard against the surface of the desk as he surged back into her; she grunted at the impact. He pistoned in and out of her, she could feel the cool cotton of his shirt tail brush against her inner thighs with each inward thrust; she moaned to his rhythm. His lips pulled tight over his teeth, his breath came in sharp gasps. Their eyes locked together, Jacob gloried in the pleasure he was bringing to her and revelled at the desire in her eyes. He pinched her nipple and then moved his hand down her stomach until the pad of his thumb lay against the hard nub of her clitoris. He stroked it to the rhythm of his thrusting. He felt her whole body tense, her muscles clench around his cock almost painfully, then she trembled for several seconds while he held himself inside her, struggling not to follow her into bliss. Finally she let out a long sigh and her body went limp. Jacob leaned down and kissed her soft mouth, her lips parted in an effort to regain her breath. He kissed her on the nose and she smiled languidly. Then he stepped back, from the desk and pulled his long hard cock out of her sheath. She whimpered at the emptiness of his loss. 

Fiona gripped Jacob's strong arms and pulled herself back into a sitting position. 

"I think you're a bit overdressed, don't you?" she teased him as she started unbuttoning his shirt. In moments he was as naked as she was. She pumped his impressive erection with her fist before dropping to her knees in front of him, licking her own juices off him before pressing her lips against the head and sliding her mouth down, engulfing him. He wrapped a fist in her hair so that he could look into her eyes as she used her mouth to pleasure him. She released him to lean under and suck one of his balls into her mouth, rolling it around in her mouth with her tongue before releasing it and giving the other the same treatment, She licked back up his shaft but Jacob pulled her away by her hair before she could sink her mouth down on him again. 

"No, Fi," he growled at her. "I don't want to come in your pretty mouth." 

He lifted her up and carried her over to his bed, positioning her on her hands and knees, caressing her round ass. His hands held her wide hips and he thrust himself completely into her again. 

"Oh.My.Gods!" Fiona shreaked. She felt his balls slap into her sensitive clit with each thrust. "Oh Gods. Oh Gods," she gasped out to his rhythm. Then "Oh. Oh. Oh," as he sped towards his climax. Her own climax took her by surprise. She grunted and collapsed under him, he followed her writhing body down. He covered her hot flesh with his own, continuing to pound into her as her orgasm swept her on and on with each of his thrusts. Finally his hips thrust into her, the tip of his cock painful against her cervix. He roared in release and shot his hot ejaculate into her warmth. He shuddered inside her for several moments before collapsing next to her, his breath coming in ragged gasps as he attempted to recover. He pulled Fiona into his arms and held her back against his chest in a tight embrace. 

"I love you, Jake," Fiona murmured to him, turning her head to touch his lips with hers. 

"I love you too, princess," he said, his eyes started to close. He let out a sigh and then took a deep breath. "Can I ask you something?" 

"Uh... I guess..." 

"I don't understand it, Fi. One minute you're a blushing and shy little girl. The next minute you are taking my cock down your throat better than any high-class whore. I know I took your virginity. How the hell do you know how to give head like an expert?" 

"I... Uh... Well," Fiona shifted uncomfortably but Jacob held her fast against him. "Jacob... first of all, you didn't take anything. I gave it to you. I was saving myself for you. But that doesn't mean I never tried to... ." she trailed off. 

"Tried to?" Jacob pressed. 

"Mama told me I couldn't be with you. Ever. And... I really liked what you did to me... with your fingers?" Fiona struggled to explain. "I mean... I learned to do that for myself, but it's not really the same...?" 

Jacob chuckled at her admission. 

"And...?" 

"I was back home on Terra for my debut. I was crushed when Edward offhandedly mentioned that you had gone to Citadel for a holiday. I wanted to see your face so badly... . I wanted you. It had been years since they sent me away. I thought they'd... I don't know... forget about us?" 

"Your parents made sure I was off planet," Jacob said, sadly. "They would always give me a warning of a day or two and send me to Citadel. One time, probably the second or third time they let you return to Terra, I asked if I could stay at my grandparent's estate. It's over a thousand miles from the Kype. Your father actually agreed to let me. Then your mother found out just hours before you were supposed to arrive. I had never seen her rage at your father like she did that day. She said that he didn't understand what your magic could do with me so close. I ended up on the next transport to Citadel without a bit of luggage it was so last-minute. 

"I suppose it was lucky for the king that Edward never noticed how coincidental it was for me to be away when they brought you home." 

"Yes, well... anyway. I tried to find someone else. Someone I could be with. 

"I debuted at the Winter Solstice ball. I looked stunning. Ask anybody." 

"Of that, I have no doubt," Jacob laughed against her hair. 

"All the young lords were competing with each other to see who could... well, I learned later that they wanted to see who could bed me. Just for the bragging rights. 

"I guess that being away on Academy for a while had caused me to forget about how they thought of me," a sob caught in her throat. "'Mongrel!' 'Half-breed!' 'Mutt!' 'Cur!'" 

"I'm sorry, Fi. I didn't realize I was bringing up a painful memory when I asked. You don't have to tell me... ." 

"No. I want you to know. 

"So Donald, Earl of Tower Marsh was paying a lot of attention to me. I was flattered. We flirted outrageously. I just thought it was... well, it was innocent on my part. I was trying to forget about you. And he made me feel... desirable I guess? He got me alone in one of the Kype corridors near the guest suites. We made out. He was not nearly as good at kissing as you are, Jake. He was just so... selfish about it. Anyway. He pushed me into one of the guest suites and tried to pull my dress off of me. I was scared. I didn't want to do that. I pushed him away. He put his hands in my bodice. When I cried and tried to get away, he called me a 'cock tease'. He pulled his cock out and pushed me down and told me to suck it. I had no idea that people even did that, Jake! I'm Princess Royale. It's not like people talk about things like that in my presence. Yours was the only one I'd ever touched, and you wouldn't even let me see it! In any case, he made me lick it until he came. He got it all over my face and hair and I was mortified. He didn't stop me from running away since he was satisfied. I was disgusted. I felt so dirty. I ran to my tower and took the hottest bath I could stand." 

"I am so sorry, Fi. Next time I run into Donald, I will be happy to punch him in the balls for you." 
