 I was living a life of denial but deep down I knew whom he was and I knew what he was. He came to me late at night and I always gave myself to him with no sense of decency. He fulfilled my longings with just his touch and his kisses were so hot they seared me to my soul. He took from me whatever he wished and yet at the same time he sated me like no mere man could. 

I was a girl with a modest background and my manner of dress always suggested respectability. Always shy and almost anthropophobiac when it came to men, I never allowed myself to be naked anywhere other than the bathroom, yet when he instructed me to sleep in the nude, I went to bed naked every night. One night he went so far as to throw all my under-things in the trash, telling me he wanted me naked under my clothes. When I started to dress that way daily I told myself it was something I wanted to do but I knew what I really wanted was to please him. Before long, I realized there was nothing I wouldn't do for him and it terrorized and thrilled me at the same time.

As far as the sex, oh god the sex, he made me do things that I'd always considered prurient and vile yet now I performed these tasks gladly. I remember that at one time, the mere thought of a man's semen would make me retch and now I beg for the taste as I put my mouth over his member. Other times just before he climaxes, he will pull out of my mouth and shoot ropes of sperm onto my face and chest, even my hair. I rub it into my skin, as a young lady would do a cream.

Sometimes he has me obscenely display my privates to him, instructing me to pull my labia apart to show my inter flower as he calls it. He even has me rub my little nub, he says it is my clit, until I orgasm in front of him, embarrassed, red faced and panting. He took my mirror off the wall and placed it at the head of the bed and while I watched, he took me anally as I kneeled on the bed as a rutting dog. I looked as my cries of pain turned to moans of pleasure as he filled my rectum first with his penis and then after his satisfaction, his sperm. As I looked at my reflection all I saw was a wanton slut, but I was glad I had made him happy. My real pleasure came when he took me as a man takes his wife that is with me on my back and with him between my legs. The feeling I received when he would plunge his turgid member deep inside me would make me orgasm on the first stroke. Working me long and hard he would smile when I begged him to take me and he would always say, "In good time my dear."

There was no fooling myself, I knew the legends, and when I awoke with the second bite on my breast, I knew I was headed down a dangerous highway. I felt so conflicted as I wondered if there was a way I could escape him and still I felt as if I already belonged to him and I was not sure that escape was what I desired. I knew little of the undead as some called them and most of what I'd heard came from movies and books of fiction. I tried to think on this as one would when trying to reach a conclusion, yet I had no idea if the decision would be mine to make. If he was going to take me, what could I do to stop him? Deep down I already knew I could deny him nothing. I tried to tell myself I could escape to save my life, yet what would my life be worth without him. That very thought made my decision simple and I went to bed that night ready to give my all to this creature of the night. Once again, he awoke me with his kiss, his molten lips setting fire to my soul. Awake and already filled with passion I reached for him. He allowed me to undress him and as soon as he was naked like I was, I worshiped at the altar of his man hood. I kissed and sucked as I swallowed him deep down my throat all the time seeking the reward I craved so desperately. Yes, and once again he graced me with his seed, so sweet, so silk like and I drank of it greedily. 

After, I lie beside him with my head on his firm chest, I asked him about the two bites, and when the third was coming. He sat me up and as he rubbed the nipple of the bitten breast, he asked what I wanted him to do. I told him I wanted him to do as he pleased with me, I told him he already owned my soul and I would gladly give him my mortal body whenever he desired. He gave me that look he does when he is pleased with me and then sunk his fangs deep into my breast.