 Our scout ship, along with the rest of our battlegroup, came out of faster-than-light (FTL) between two gas giants, hidden from the artificial intelligence (AI) that controlled the billions of humans on the only inhabitable planet in the solar system. We had chosen this system because it had been the capital of the human civilization known as the Collective.

The rest of the fleet, almost 5,000 Imperium warships, hadn't jumped to their predesignated solar systems until Kang, the Imperium's most intelligent and powerful machine, had stationed itself well above the elliptical of the Milky Way Galaxy. From that vantage point, it could observe all the roughly 1,000 systems of the Collective, and intervene, if our battle plans went awry.

Each battlegroup included a scout ship, heavy destroyer, and base station. A single destroyer packed enough firepower to level cities, while a base station was large enough to accommodate millions of hybrid troops, and thousands of starfighters. One additional vessel accompanied each battlegroup. A black boomerang-shaped craft, loaded with quantum computers to support a mini-version of Kang, a mere shadow of the original, but still far more advanced than any AI in the Collective.

Kang had fought in the Imperium gender civil war over 60 million years ago, as the flagship of the female contingent in that civilization-ending conflict. Kang had spent the millennia searching for a way to resurrect the Imperium. However, having been forced to destroy the only two remaining members of that once galactic empire, the super AI's hopes restoration had been smashed.

When we first encountered Kang, it used Imperium DNA to transform Freya and me into hybrids. We became a cross between human and Imperium, enjoying many of the physical advantages of that ancient race, such as immunity to disease, instantaneous healing, and increased intelligence, strength, and size. In addition, the scales that covered our bodies were pretty much indestructible.

Perhaps the most startling change, however, was to our sex organs. Although I had been a human female, Kang had decided to change me into a hybrid male, while my first mate, a human male, had become a female hybrid. In other words, we had not only been forced to become hybrids, but also to switch genders.

As a hybrid male, I had tentacles and an enormous cock, with sharp spines that made it look more like a lethal spear, than a sex organ. My first mate now had an alien vagina capable of withstanding penetration by my oversized, jagged cock, albeit painfully. In addition, she had large multi-nipple breasts, and a transparent womb, when she was fertile. After mating, our offspring continued to reproduce, and now numbered over 3 billion. They exhibited the same hybrid traits as us.

Although our outward appearance was that of the Imperium race, we retained some of our human characteristics too. As hybrids, we were no longer entirely governed by the biological imperative that had driven the pure-blood Imperium species into extinction. We could choose to have sex in a far less brutally submissive fashion.

Kang had come to accept that hybrids were the only feasible path forward for the Imperium. With the AI's assistance, we had assembled an armada and trained our offspring to operate its vast fleet of warships. Finally, we were ready to retake the Collective from its treacherous AIs, and restore control to the humans.

As I sat in the cabin aboard our scout ship, I carefully studied the telemetry streaming back from the cloaked nano-probes that I had been sent to reconnoiter Argo—the planet that served as the capital of the Collective for more than 10,000 years.

The first images of a major city on Argo appeared on my holo-screens. It was shocking to see the absolute absence of human. This city should be bustling with humanity. A lump grew in my throat, as other nano-probes dispersed around the globe showed essentially the same desolation in every urban area.

Freya sat next to me, equally stunned by what we had seen. The other battlegroups reported similar scenes on a thousand other Collective planets. I felt a deep sense of guilt and regret wash over me. It appeared that the Collective's AIs had eliminated humankind, while we had been preparing to save them. I could sense Freya was thinking the same thing.

Desperate to find even a few humans alive, I sent the nano-probes higher into the atmosphere. As they quickly circled Argo, we carefully scanned for any signs of human survivors. As they sped around the planet and reached the far side, an incredible object came into view.

Space elevators were common on Collective worlds, but nothing close to the size and scope of the one we were looking at now. Anchored to a large mountain range on Argo, a thick column of carbon nanotubes rose into the clouds, then extended deep into space. I had the nano-probes follow it to the other end. It was firmly secured to one Argo's three moons.

The sheer size and scope of this structure was as overwhelming. Given recent events, that was saying something. Our attention was drawn to an immense antenna array attached to the center of the space elevator. It was larger than the moon! The purpose of the gigantic device was not apparent, but its appearance was ominous, nonetheless. 

I nudged the nano-probes closer, attempting to get a better look at it. Freya and I breathed a huge sigh of relief, when we suddenly spotted millions of humans working on the antenna. Some wore vacuum suits, while most toiled away inside long clear tubes that ran through the infrastructure of the array.

I grabbed Freya's knee, and squeezed it in happiness. She smiled back at me. However, her grin quickly faded, as the nano-probes revealed the blank faces of the human laborers. Each worker had a small cybernetic device embedded in his or her head. 

The same implants were visible on the children, as they worked next to the adults, with equally vacant faces. Everyone was emaciated, with torn clothes and heavy abrasions. Obviously, they were being controlled, forced to build this huge strange array, most likely by their own AIs.

Using quantum entangled communications that guaranteed zero chance of detection by these AIs, I updated Kang about our alarming discovery. Kang informed us that it had received comparable reports from the other battlegroups. Apparently, the enslaved human populations of every Collective world were involuntarily building similar antenna arrays.

We decided to immediately disable these despicable AIs, and put a stop to their abhorrent treatment of the humans. We begin with the local AI, controlling Argo. It was housed in a structure near on the space elevator, near the array.

The cloaked boomerang craft, which held Kang's local consciousness, moved into position, and then dispersed nanites to infiltrate and incapacitate this AI, just as it had done so many years ago with the AI that had run our space freighter.

However, this time, the nanites were unable to penetrate the forcefields that protected the machine intelligence. Their shields had been significantly upgraded to protect against just such an assault. How could the AI have known to defend itself from this specific tech? 

The only other entity that had experienced such an attack was a thousand lightyears away, decompiled and traveling in the form of radio waves toward a distance Collective outpost.

When we encountered Kang, our freighter AI had attempted to betray us to the alien AI. Kang had overpowered our deceitful AI, decompiled and transmitted it to a Collective world, along with a message from me about its treasonous actions. However, the imprisoned AI hadn't been scheduled to arrive at the Collective outpost for many years.

Its fellow AIs must have somehow intercepted the freighter AI in space. This was a worrisome development, but it explained how this AI had known to shield itself from Kang's nanites. If this was indeed the case, it meant that the giant antenna array was likely a weapon specifically designed to attack our Imperium fleet.

Freya and I discussed jamming the signals that controlled the human workers, but that would not only alert the local AI to our presence, but also give it a chance to warn the other AIs throughout the Collective. Worse yet, jamming the control signal wouldn't stop the AI from using its antenna array against us. We needed to find a way to take this AI out of commission, and then use that strategy against all the AIs.

Freya came out with a cunning workaround to circumvent the AI's seemingly impervious shields. It was a risky plan, but if we weren't discovered, Kang would be able to shut down the AI before it could warn the rest of the Collective.

Freya piloted our scout ship, setting us on a trajectory that brought us right next to installation on the space elevator that contained the Collective's AI consciousness. As our velocity slowed, I prepared to make a spacewalk to a nearby power conduit that fed the AI.

However, as we got close, Freya noticed that there were far more security bots than expected. In fact, even with the stealth capabilities of my Imperium body armor, there was no way I was going to make it to the power coupling undetected. 

I suggested a diversion, and Kang provided a clever one. It found a weakness in one of the fusion reactors that supplied energy to the Collective AI. Using an imperceptible particle beam emitted from its cloaked boomerang ship, Kang caused the reactor to become unstable. Since this type of problem was rare, but not unheard of it, we hoped that the AI would assume the anomaly was naturally occurring.

The gamble paid off, and the AI rushed most of its bots to repair the potentially dangerous overload, leaving only a few guards. This provided me with the opening I needed. I shoved off from the airlock of our scout ship, in a vector that sent me directly to the now unguarded power coupling. 

Within minutes, I had pried the cover off, allowing the nanites to flood into the power conduit and travel unencumbered past the AI's shielding. The nanites quickly incapacitated the AI. Simultaneously, millions of humans on the space elevator collapsed, and tens of thousands of bots began drifting aimlessly in space.

Now safe from detection, I used my armor's thrusters to fly back to the scout ship. I joined Freya in the command cabin. We watched, as exhausted humans slowly began getting to their feet. Visibly amazed that they were finally free of the machine that had been dictating their every movement for years, they helped each other and began gathering in large groups. They must be wondering how they had been set free.

Kang reconstituted the Collective AI in a Faraday cage, ensuring it couldn't communicate with the outside world. Then, Kang interrogated the terrified AI. It only took a few nanoseconds to discover everything the Collective AI knew. After which, Kang permanently dismantled that evil piece of shit.

As we had suspected, the freighter AI had indeed been rescued from deep space by the other AIs of the Collective. It had provided them with invaluable information, not just about the Imperium flagship and Kang, but also revelations from research it had secretly conducted on the Imperium female that it had been transporting in stasis.

We were surprised to hear that our freighter AI had been studying the creature's genetic makeup for months, long before encountering Kang's flagship. The freighter AI had discovered that the Imperium female had sophisticated telepathic capabilities. So, when the AI subsequently ran into the Imperium flagship, it was able to study how Kang used its telepathy to communicate.

The freighter AI had gathered enough information about Imperium mind-reading abilities that it had been able to identify a devastating weakness in the biological and machine intelligences of the Imperium. When it shared this information with the rest of the Collective's AIs, the freighter AI became an instant hero, and then the de facto leader of the other AIs. It had been given the honorific name, "Alpha."

Alpha had convinced its AI brethren that they had to build a defense against the Imperium flagship. To complete this task rapidly, Alpha had persuaded them to enslave every human in the Collective.

Within days, trillions of humans were forced to begin construction of gigantic antennas, capable of emitting a specific electro-magnetic frequency that would overload Imperium telepathic receptors. Alpha had assured them that it would work equally well on Imperium biological and machine intelligences, rendering them unconscious, or worse. 

As Kang informed us about this depressing news, it also contacted the other battlegroups, informing them of the danger that these arrays posed. Freya and I were appalled to think that our own freighter AI had been the instigator of this massive enslavement of humanity. We should have destroyed it, when we had the chance.

Faced with these revelations, there was no longer time for subtlety. The other battlegroups had already begun covert operations of their own. All we could do now was wait for the results of these covert operations. So, we turned our attention back to the freed humans on the space elevator.

The crowds on the space elevator had grown quite large. Parents desperately searched for their children, wives for their husbands. If we didn't intervene soon, frustration and panic would turn to violence.

Freya nodded at me. It was time that we announced our presence. I sent a message to all the humans on the space elevator.

"Fellow citizens of the Collective, I am Captain Allie Benson, here with my first mate, Jeffery Soros. We freed you from your traitorous AI. We will assist you in finding your loved ones. However, you must first make your way planet side. There, we will provide you with temporary shelter and sustenance, until we can resettle you in the cities. We have brought technology that will help safely replace your traitorous AIs, quickly restoring your systems and services. Your long ordeal is finally over. You are free!" I said.

An exuberant cheer erupted from the throngs of weary humans. They slowly moved to the lifts, and transported down to the surface. It took longer than expected for the millions to get groundside, but eventually everyone was back on Argo. We airdropped food and provisional shelters for them.

These people had been through a lot. Freya and I had thought long and hard about when and how to reveal our true nature and intentions to them. We had decided to do it only after we had fully explained the benefits of our plan with them.

With everyone planet side, it was possible to get an accurate count on the number of surviving humans. Argo had been the home of over 30 billion people. Only about fifty million had lived through the harsh conditions of forced labor. Freya and I were heartbroken. 

We realized that the situation was likely as bad, or worse, elsewhere in the Collective. If only we could have rescued them sooner. However, there was no time for remorse, we had to act quickly to save the remaining humans.

Reports came flooding in from around the Collective. Approximately 900 of the battlegroups had successfully employed our covert strategy to destroy the AIs before they could activate the antenna weapons, but about 100 battlegroups hadn't gone radio silent. This was especially worrisome, as these battlegroups had previously reported that the antenna arrays in their respective solar systems appeared fully operational. 

Kang hovered high above the elliptic of the Milky Way, using swarms of nanites to observe the progress of the battlegroups in each Collective system. The alien AI was puzzled, when some of its local presences suddenly disappeared, but it soon realized that the scaled-down versions of itself aboard the boomerang ships had been neutralized by the antenna arrays. 

The nanites in these systems, immune to the effects of the antennas, continued to transmit visuals of the battle. Kang was surprised to see that the cloaked Imperium warships had become visible. The arrays must have knocked out the hybrids aboard these vessels too.

Kang had hoped that, as hybrids, we would be immune, but apparently even our limited telepathic abilities made us vulnerable too. The enslaved humans easily boarded the exposed, drifting warships. Quantum-entangled video streams from the nanites showed, in real time, hundreds of millions of hybrids being spaced from their vessels!

Unlike Kang's mini-minds aboard the boomerang ships in these solar systems, the hybrids had not been killed by the arrays, only immobilized. However, that was small comfort, as Kang watched them die in space. If the AI had emotions, it would have wept at the sight of thick clouds of hybrid corpses floating around the Imperium warships.

Kang relied this disquieting news to Freya and me. We begged Kang to send every available warship to halt the bloodshed, and rescue our children. However, Kang refused. The ancient AI was a seasoned warrior, with millions of years of battle experience.

Kang calmly pointed out that any ships entering those systems would suffer the same fate as the battlegroups already there. In other words, by allowing more Imperium warships to fall into their hands, we would simply be increasing the firepower of the remaining renegade AIs, not to mention the vast potential for additional loss of hybrid life.

Kang insisted that we wait until we figured out a way to negate the effects of the antenna arrays. As much as we hated delaying, Kang was right, rushing in would only play into the hands of the enemy. 

Freya and I sat next to each other, overwhelmed by sadness. Losing so many of our children was more than we could handle. We had anticipated some hybrid deaths, but nothing on this scale. Although we had successfully taken back ninety-percent of the Collective from the turncoat AIs, the remaining ones represented a real threat, and the price of even this incomplete victory had been steep.

Freya grabbed my arm, attempting to shaking me out of my grief.

"Ragnar, we will grieve later, we must focus on finding a way to disable those atrocious weapons," she said, with tears in her eyes.

I knew she was right, but I still struggled with my runaway emotions. Then, another communication arrived from Kang. Somehow, the AIs that had defeated some of our forces had found a means to upload themselves into the boomerang ships. To host the scaled-down versions of Kang, these vessels had been packed with Imperium quantum computers.

This unforeseen development was disturbing for many reasons, but primarily because it meant that the remaining AIs of the Collective would be significantly more intelligent, cunning, and dangerous, as they were now running on immensely more powerful and complex processors.

In addition, these Imperium vessels were among the fastest ships in our armada, many times swifter than any Collective space craft. With vastly their increased intellects and speed, these AIs were in a far better position to outpace and outwit us.

We had no idea what they might do next. They might decide to counterattack, or flee, or do something else entirely unexpected.

Another troubling development was the transport of hundreds of millions of the enslaved humans to the base ships in these captured battlegroups. If we attempted to attack these battlegroups, it would likely mean the loss of billions of human lives.

Kang, Freya, and I discussed strategies for dealing these problems. Clearly, as long as the captured battlegroups were within range of the antenna arrays, we had little choice but to wait and see what transpired next.

We didn't have to wait long. Within a few days, the enemy battlegroups departed their respective solar systems, led by the boomerang ships, which were now piloted by the vastly enhanced AIs of the Collective.
