 **Author's Note: I wrote this in an afternoon. This is my first ménage.

********

"C'mon, V."

"No way."

"Are you scared?" Sylvia goaded pushing her hard lemonade into Violet's hands. "You afraid of ghosts?"

Violet and Sylvia stood in the shadow of the old temple of Eros that stood stoic even in ruins in the silver moonlight. 

"It looks like it's going to collapse," Violet complained looking into the shadows of the structure. 

"Don't be such a baby, V!" Sylvia gave her sister a flashlight. "I'll be right outside. All you have to do is spend the night in there. Morning is only 5 hours away. And this was your idea anyway!"

Violet mentioned as they were in the planning stages to their trip to Greece that she always wanted to try a love spell in a real Eros Temple. But when the reality set in Violet was having second thoughts. The sisters were about to graduate college next summer and they decided to see the world. Sylvia was a history buff while Violet loved Greek mythology and wanted to visit every temple site as they toured Greece. Right now Violet was regretting her decision.

Sylvia began pushing her younger sister into the old temple with Violet putting some resistance on the way. 

"You could use some help in the love department," Sylvia promised. "There's an inner slut in you that wants to break free."

"Some of us are happy with the vanilla of sex," Violet snapped. Sylvia shrugged as she rolled out a sleeping bag at the foot of the altar where a statue of Eros still stood. Vines reclaimed the temple as their home climbing the walls and rain water now filling the once sacred pool. 

"See," Sylvia pointed to the silver light streaming in through the ceiling. "You won't even need a flash light." 

Violet nevertheless remained apprehensive.

"What about snakes?"

"Christ," Sylvia rolled her eyes. "Since when are you afraid of snakes? You kept one as a pet in high school!"

"That's a pet boa," Violet retorted. 

"You're making excuses," Sylvia placed her hands on her hips. "I researched it there are no snakes in the area. C'mon you're a mythology buff you should be loving this!"

Seeing no way out now Violet sighed resigned to the dare and took out candles, a pewter bowl, and some herbs from her back pack.

"Don't you need some sacrifice?" Sylvia asked as she watched her sister set up the altar. "I could find a rat in here or maybe a goat from that farm we passed a mile back? Wonder how much a goat will cost around here..." 

"My blood will do," Violet got out her Swiss Army knife her aunt gave to her for Christmas from one of her many travels around the world. "Crap. I forgot a lighter."

"Good thing I still smoke," Sylvia brought out her pink lighter. She stopped trying to quit a long time ago saying it's the quickest way to keep her weight down. Where Sylvia was a size 2 her younger sister Violet was a healthy size 4. She used to be chubby in high school but stress and walking everywhere on campus helped her to lose weight. 

"This part I have to do alone," Violet lit the 2 candles.

"I'll be outside," Sylvia called. "Make sure when you ask for a new boyfriend to also ask for one with a hot brother."

Violet chuckled. With the silver blade gleaming the silver light Violet made a small cut into her finger and bled into the bowl where she placed the sacred herbs. Violet knelt before her small worshipping altar and looked up at the statue of Eros. 

Behind him almost hidden by vines were carvings of the winged Erotes: Anteros, god of mutual love; Hedylogus, god of sweet talk and flattery; Himeros, god of sexual desire; Hymenaeus, god of the wedding ceremony; and Pothos, god of passionate longing. 

Violet hadn't had sex in 6 months. Quite the dry spell. Sylvia liked to get laid at least twice a week. Says it's better than going to the gym. Violet took out a piece of paper. On the paper in blood she wrote her desires then folded it up and burned it, letting the rest turn to ash in the bowl. She never expected the spell to work anyway. 

Violet wrapped her wounded finger in a band aid then looked up at the abandoned statue that looked out passively. Long ago this was full of worshippers but now only nature and other four legged furry creatures come in the shadow of this once great god's temple. It made Violet sad. People can be so fickle. She felt a stab in her chest. Heartache from personal experience in fickle devotion. 

Violet yawned as sleep suddenly snuck up on her and without warning wrapped her in it's heavy shroud. She laid down on her comfortable sleeping bag, drifting off into a dark sleep that took her away from the waking world. Not only her mind but her soul seemed to travel as her flesh and bones stayed grounded to the physical world. 

That's when she felt the soft caress of fingers stroking her cheek. Violet was filled with warmth as if fire ignited in her blood by just a simple touch. Violet stirred feeling a heat blooming in her core as the mysterious fingers became bolder.

Violet tingled at this stranger's touch. Shivers washed over her as she felt fingernails running up her side. The fingers lifted her cotton shirt and once bare flesh met bare flesh Violet let out a groan of longing. Lips brushed her ear whispering something incoherent. Violet was filled with sudden lust and erotic need. Goosebumps erupted all over her fair flesh as the mystery fingers explored her torso and caressed her breast. 

Lips nuzzled her neck and Violet pressed against the stranger to find a hard body and strong arm encircling her in his embrace. She turned over though her eyes were still closed. Her body responded to the stranger's touch with eagerness. His mouth was tender, his embrace sure. Violet felt the flick of his tongue seducing her mouth open, licking her lips with his moist tongue.

Violet moaned in elation as the stranger's tongue slithered into her mouth. Her nipples balled into pebbles as gentle fingers rolled and tweaked them. Violet raked her fingers through the stranger's hair feeling soft curls. He smelled of man, raw and untamed nights. As his tongue met hers in an erotic dance, the flame of desire kindled between her thighs. 

Sensing her need the stranger's hand traveled down rubbing her through her denim shorts. He applied gentle pressure sending waves of euphoria washing over Violet like a hot shower. She forgot where she was Violet was so consumed with lust she didn't care. 

Violet unbuttoned her shorts and her mystery lover slipped his hand into her wanton heat. She arched her back as fire rippled through her muscles. Lava coursed through her veins and she finally opened her eyes to see who her mystery lover was. She gaped at the sight of him.

His face was the first thing she noticed. Male perfection. A combination of every hot actor Violet crushed on and lusted after. Muscles marbled but not too bulky as to look ridiculous, a cleft chin with chiseled cheeks. Yet he looked unearthly in his manly beauty that made Violet's breath hitch in her throat. He had white hair that glowed like starlight creating a halo crown, gold skin and silver eyes. 

He didn't say a word only smiling to show his perfect white teeth, taking her cut finger into his hot mouth, tasting her blood and sucking on her fingertip making Violet breathe in sharply as hot sensations licked her nerve endings. He pulsed with a primal power, awakening her every desire. 

Then he went back to playing with her fattening clitoris and Violet dug her fingers into his perfect muscles as the words and questions died in her throat. Violet drowned in his kiss, pressing herself closer against him, her breasts squished against his firm pecs. Violet helped to slip off her pants and her lover helped to tear off her shirt leaving them skin to skin. 

That's when Violet noticed that this man had wings. His wings were the purest white and fanned her as they fluttered. She wrapped a leg around his waist as she traced the contours of his muscles. His back was like coiling snakes as he rolled on top of her. His mouth trailed to the hollow of her throat to along her collarbone then to her breasts, paying special attention to each firm mound.

Violet sighed as her winged lover kissed her rosy peaks. She gasped in delight when he took one of her pink nubs into his mouth and sucked hard. His tongue made love to her nipple as she began grinding her pussy against his hard arousal. She felt it pulse against her quivering sex and she sighed enraptured. He didn't even penetrate her yet and already Violet felt herself on the verge of cumming all over.

Violet raked her fingers through her lover's hair as he left her breasts and planted hot breathy kisses further down her stomach to her navel. She giggled as his tongue dug into her belly button. His hands ran up and down her body worshipping her every curve making Violet whimper and moan for release. Then he came to the place where she was wet and desperate. 

Then Violet felt another pair of hands caressing her face. She looked up to see another incredibly hot winged man with a Herculean physique smiling down at her. But his hair was like pure gold. The new lover took her cut finger into his mouth as the other had done and it was like a shot of pure ecstasy. Violet felt his tongue flick her finger tip and she groaned at the eroticism of it. 

Violet was so overcome with desire and lust she didn't mind the other intruder. Instead she pulled him down to kiss her. They tasted each other deeply as their tongues slicked together and Violet felt like she was floating.

As White Hair (she decided to call him White Hair as he wouldn't say his name) worked her wet center, his clever tongue doing new things to her that left her delirious with desire, Violet's gold haired lover (she resolved to call him Golden Hair to tell them apart) worked magic on her mouth. His mouth possessed hers, their savage tongues circling like snakes saying hello as his fingers threaded through her long hair and she squeezed her thighs around the white haired man's head as his tongue flicked against her rosebud. 

Her legs felt like jelly. Violet's senses were on overload as Golden Hair lifted her up and pressed her back against him. She melted against him, forming against his every hard muscle as she felt the hardest muscle trace along her drizzling flower. White Hair's erection made Violet breathe in sharply. It was long and curved slightly upward as if in greeting to her. She admired the veins along the shaft that pulsed with impatience. 

He stroked his member as he watched the other man pleasure Violet with his lips and hands feeling every part of her but staying away from her golden gates. Violet's whole body trembled with expectation and she groaned with impatience. Lips soft, moist and sure pressed against her shoulder. 

Then she felt teeth scrape over her shoulder as Golden Hair's maleness pressed against her. She heard a deep growl emanate from deep within his throat. Violet licked her lips as she watched White Hair lie down on his back and beckon her to him. 

Before Violet could stop herself or even think she crawled over to her mystery lover and laid her body upon his. She licked his neck as he encircled her in his embrace. In an act of boldness Violet guided White Hair's throbbing sinewy staff into her pearly gates. She made a small sound of discomfort then sighed blissfully as he filled her up, piercing her molten core like an arrow hitting it's target. 

Violet slowly rocked her hips, sweat beading on her skin from the heat and the passion. She arched her back as White Hair began flicking her rosebud with his thumb sending sensual trills vibrating through her. Violet's body became wracked with shivers as white heat flashed all over her. She came twice as White Hair rolled her over onto her side still rock hard. She felt Golden Hair settle behind her, kissing her shoulder as White Hair kissed her passionately. 

Violet gasped in shock as she felt her other mystery lover's iron hard spear stretched her further. Her muscles spasmed at the extra guest. Her silk heat captured the two of her lovers as she was sandwiched between them. White Hair's silver eyes gleamed as he placed his thumb into Violet's mouth. She sucked it as quakes of ecstasy made her erupt in a volcano of hot pleasing sensations. 

Violet didn't recognize herself. She wasn't this adventurous. It was on her bucket list but she made that when she was 19 and unrealistic. She remembered writing it down on the paper in blood but that was a joke as she never expected it to really work... Violet felt another stab of heat that made her whimper and moan for mercy. She thought her pussy would tear or these two winged hunks would rip her in two. 

But they were gentle and sometimes hard when needed. They seemed to be worshipping her body like a temple giving it every reverence she had never been given before. Violet's mind went blank, clouded in a sexual haze as she felt wrapped in a blanket of raw passion and sensuality. She wasn't a physical person or even one but a throbbing raw nerve of primal lust. For the first time Violet felt empowered by the pure sexual frenzy. 

Violet heard her lovers' grunt and growl voraciously as she felt their hot cream gush and flood her. Cum dripped down her leg. It felt like hours before they grew soft and slipped out of her honey pot. Violet rested her head beneath White Hair's chin as Golden Hair nestled behind her, arm wrapped around her waist, lips and nose pressed against her back sending static of pleasure running up her spine. 

Violet lay in the heap of her lovers who lay entwined with her in flesh as their white wings sheltered her. She drifted off to sleep again feeling her soul ebb away, back to her physical form like the tide leaving the shore. 

"Violet..."

Someone was calling her name. No go away. Violet wanted to stay in her sweet lusty dream. 

"Violet, wake up!" Now the voice was frantic. It was familiar. Darkness gave way to light as Violet was brought out of her enchanted sleep. She groaned in irritation.

"Christ, V, you were out like a light," Sylvia heaved a sigh of relief. "I though you hit your head."

Violet's head was throbbing. Her body thrummed with the memory of her insatiable winged lovers. 

"Sylvia...," Violet groaned. "I was having a dream..."

"Sex dream?"

"Actually yeah...," Violet grinned her mind still lost in a sensual fog. "It was... something you'd approve of."

"You have to tell me everything," Sylvia spoke excitedly. Violet looked at her cut finger to find that it had healed as if the saliva from the winged men was a super serum. She laughed in disbelief as her sister asked her what was so funny. All Violet could was shrug and flash a mystery smile.

********

THE END