 Author's Note: This is a shorter story with a bit of an... eclectic mix of categories. Not for everyone, so if you're easily offended or uncertain check out the spoiler tags before diving in. As always, thanks for taking the time to check this out. 

Spoiler Tags: Reluctance, Transformation, Lamia, Naga, Eldritch, Cthulian, Twinning, Male to Futa, MtH, Transgender, Futanari, Mind Control, Corruption, Futa on Futa, Futanari, Self-Fellatio 

~ ~ ~ 

My eyes popped open, the light from the hotel bedside lamp harsh after the darkness of sleep. Supine on the floor, I blinked my eyes a couple of time, clearing away the remnants of my nap. This was an unusual thing to me, I didn't normally take my naps on the floor of my hotel room. Also unusual, at least for the last couple of weeks, was the well rested feeling. My looming presentation had been robbing me of my sleep, as well as the tips of my fingernails, both acting as fodder to the gods of anxiety. Anxiety that was no longer plaguing me. 

Wow that meditation video actually worked. 

Absentmindedly, I scratched at the day and a half's worth of stubble that was currently irritating my face and neck. 

No time like the present. I should be fine for the presentation tomorrow if I shave now. You've got this Gregory. 

The steam billowed from the faucet as I laid out the necessary supplies. Wiping the mirror clean, I stared into my soft brown eyes, happy to see the bags that'd been staring back at me were now gone. My modest frame showed off my dedication to rowing at least three times a week while my lack of muscle definition showed off my love of cookies. Smirking, I gave my tummy a couple pats, appreciative of the limited flab. Lathering up, I closed an eye and gave myself a pirate smirk, brandishing my razor along with my fluffy white beard. 

As I washed away the remnants of lather and stray facial hair, a strange whisper, like that of fingers drawn across a taught sheet, sounded from behind me. Curious, I looked around but found no potential source for the sound. Shaking it off, I finished washing up before applying aftershave and leaving the bathroom. 

I sat on the bed and actually felt better than I had all last week. With a freshly clean face and relaxed attitude, I was ready to take on tomorrow's presentation. Reclining, I put my hands behind my head, the overly fluffy pillows embracing me. My laptop caught the light of the bedside lamp, reflecting it into my face. With a minor huff of irritation I pulled myself from the bed, closing the lid on the meditation video I'd used. Flashes of the memories of the video sparked, unbidden, through my brain. 

It'd started off normal enough. An attractive woman with tight yoga clothes sitting in lotus pose walking through breathing exercises. Telling me to, "Breathe in. Breathe out. Visualize the air entering your lungs. Hold it there before letting it go." The sounds of soothing ocean waves play, almost inaudibly in the background, setting a soothing atmosphere. Normally these things don't work great on me but this had me sinking deeper into the haze. Individual muscles relaxed in my neck, shoulders and, back, as my eyes drifted closed. The woman continues to talk but I let her words flow through and around me, gracefully taking them into my mind and releasing them without conscious thought. Then my free floating mind, on the cusp of sleep, found something drifting in the wilderness of unconstrained thought. It whispered to me, unknown words with sibilant syllables that twisted the air as they slipped into my ears, saturating the room with a heavy atmosphere. The voice sounded pleased as we continued this call and response for an unfathomable amount of time. I remember at some point in the conversation she chuckled as I offered my name. The whisper of a scaled hand on my cheek confused me enough to ease me from the dream state. 

The recollection startled me, before now I hadn't remembered any of that experience. 

"I guess that's what stress and lack of sleep can do to you. That and random bouts of talking to oneself while alone," I said into the empty room of the hotel. "Hahaha your funny Gregory." My laughter a little forced. 

Unease trickled through my brain, echoes of from the time that humans were regular prey to the things that stalked in the night. 

From when we were hunted. 

My instincts were telling me I wasn't alone, that the hotel room wasn't quite as empty as it seemed. The shadows on the edge of my vision writhed and I jerked my head in that direction. Nothing but curtains, waving interminably under the cold air of the air conditioner. My rapidly pumping heart slowed, but I couldn't banish the feeling that there was someone, something, in the room with me. 

"Hello?" I called out to nothing, wincing at the tremulous note in my voice. 

I'm being ridiculous. Anxiety is getting to me again. All I need is a good night's sleep and everything will seem better in the morning. There's nothing in here. I'm all alone. 

I'd almost managed to convince myself of this when the nothing whispered back. 

"You're not alone," the voice echoed through the room, and I was unable to pin down the source. 

"Who's there?" I asked, throat quivering with fear. Whatever was speaking felt older than time and deeper than reason. This was something that could swallow me whole, dragging me kicking and screaming into madness. 

"You wound me Gregory Ludvilla. Forgetting your friend Kishanthesserantus. And after we were so recently introduced." The sound of... Kisha's chuckling laughter shifted, rotating from each corner of the room in turn as it circled around me. My peripheral vision showed inky tendrils reaching for me from under the closet door. Yet, when I turned to look, there was nothing there, just unremarkable closed. A cold sweat doused my brow and I held the comforter close to my chest. I threw the blanket over my head, creating a quiet sanctuary of warmth, much like I used to do as a child. 

I'm going crazy. This is all in my head. Maybe it's a nightmare? 

I pinched myself on the forearm and it felt like I'd been stabbed with a knife. Beyond the pain I felt the warm trickle of blood as it flowed down my arm to drip off my elbow. My stomach churned, and I watched my unblemished arm while the hot invisible liquid cascaded across my skin. 

"Oops. Sorry about that. Still figuring out the nuances. Humans are such complicated creatures aren't they?" The voice asked rhetorically as the nauseating sensations vanished. "I think what I was looking for was somewhere around here." A trail of pleasurable kisses from phantom lips, followed the reverse trail of the blood, tickling a line from my wrist to my elbow. 

"That was good, but what about if I do-" The taste of citrus bloomed across my tongue, like I'd just bit into a slice of ripe oranges. 

The bizarreness of the situation began to overwhelm me and I started to lose track of my surroundings, taste, sight, and sound blurring together into an unappetizing goulash that was taking me straight toward a blackout. 

The acrid ammonia scent of smelling salts blazed through my sinuses, making me jerk my head, stabilizing me, bringing me closer to equilibrium. 

"Nope. Can't have you passing out on me." 

"Why are you doing this?" I asked in the voice of a child, wrapping my arms around my shins, bringing my knees to my chest. 

"Because I enjoyed our conversation and wanted you. Do I need a better reason than that?" she asked, sounding genuinely confused. 

"You can't just go around messing with people like this. Whatever it is that you're doing, you're violating my rights." The fading ammonia smell had been replaced by my favorite cologne. 

"Why not?" Spidery fingers curled up my legs and I shivered. 

"Because it's not right. It's not fair," I whined. 

"Hmmmm. Tell you what, I think I've got the majority of the controls down so I'll make you a wager. If you can survive the next ten minutes without spilling your seed, I'll leave you alone. If not then you're mine." 

"Why would I make that wager?" I said, baffled by her rotten twisting logic. 

"Oh, you don't have to accept. It's more of a wager for myself. You can feel free to play along if you want. I don't really care." 

"Then it's not really a wager," I tried to reason with her. 

"You say that like it should matter to me. It doesn't. This is a whim of mine and you have already forfeit your rights in this matter. Do you want me to stay? To show you unimaginable horrors? To haunt your every moment?" she threatened, her voice rough as the shadows bowed in over me. Terror made my limbs quake like a hyperactive chihuahua on a sugar rush. I shook my head and mouthed the word "no." 

"Then indulge me," she said, her sybillant voice flashing back to chipper. 

Like a puppet having it's strings tugged, my body rose to its knees on the bed. The sensation of a phantom tongue licking along my dick inflamed my terror and I felt myself instinctively responding to her manipulations, growing hard; something I assumed she was trying to achieve. She teased me a moment with a breath of cool air, blown from a pair of imagined plump kissable lips. 

Stop it. Don't do it Gregory. All you have to do is hold on for ten minutes. Should be easy... right? Failing to convince myself, the phantom lips decided to stop teasing as a warm mouth encompassed my cock. Twitching in surprise, I tried to meditate through the pleasurable twirling of the ghost tongue. 

Unsurprisingly it didn't work. 

My next plan had me staring at my pulsing cock, hoping the strangeness of feeling something without seeing anything would confuse my brain enough that the arousal would disappear. 

Yeah, like that's going to happen. If anything, sensations became stronger the more I watched. 

"How long to go?" I asked through gritted teeth. 

"You've made it through an entire a minute and a half, congratulations," she said, chuckling with caustic glee at my feeble struggles. Then there was a moment of respite before things got, much, much, worse. An invisible pussy backed onto my dick, sliding home with an audible squelch. 

"Fuck." 

"Fuck indeed, Mr. Ludvilla. Now the fun really begins." 

I found myself instinctually pumping my hips, matching the rocking pace of the woman before I stopped myself, clenching my jaw. Our thighs continued to slap together, her skin pillowy soft against my own. 

"Two minutes down, eight to go." 

I dug my nails into my hips, hoping the pain would distract me. 

It worked... 

A little. 

"Three minutes. Hmmm. Your doing pretty well," she said, sounding a little frustrated. 

A new feeling appeared, surprising to me in that it wasn't overtly sexual; soft cool fingers that wound through my hair, massaging my scalp with soothing caresses. 

"Ahhh. I see," she said. Fear ran through me at her understanding tone. 

The pussy disappeared mid stroke and I exhaled with relief. Only to have the strength vanish from my hips, making me fall unexpectedly back on the bed. 

"You are not, as they say, a leader of dances. You prefer to be the follower, to let your partner take the lead." 

Oh shit. 

It was at this moment that I realized there was no way I was getting out of this without some wounds. 

The familiar bite from a rope encircled my wrists drawing them up to the headboard. Two sets of nails bit thin lines along my pecs and I winced. 

Maybe she'll go too far. I don't enjoy pain, I can win if she hurts me too much. 

As if echoing the thought the nails eased into a silken caress that wound around my nipples. 

"I guess that doesn't do it for you does it?" she asked. 

I refused to answer her rhetoric question, obstinate and sullen that she could read me so well. A velvet grip enfolded my penis, soaking it in delirious, impossible pleasure. I bit the inside of my cheek until I bled. 

"Don't be like that," she chided, slowly pumping her invisible hips up and down. My mouth fell open as I panted, not getting enough oxygen breathing through my nose. 

I groaned, tugging experimentally against the restraints but they refused to budge, my mind focusing ever more carefully on the mind numbing sensations that were coming from my lower half, slowly and carefully pushing me towards the edge. 

"Five minutes. Halfway there, but unfortunately it looks to be as far as you'll get seems you've reached your limit." She seated her pussy around my dick, rhythmic clenches attempting to milk my seed as I fought against the rising pleasure. My reluctance wasn't enough, my hips pumping, and I shot my seed up into an invisibly snatch where it swirled in the air before disappearing into a madness inducing portal the size of a dime. 

"Delicious," she said as she continued to force my body to ejaculate. Something about the encounter, the fear or the countdown or my struggle, made it the strongest orgasm of my entire life. Involuntary paroxysms tensed unpredictable portions of my body as the blinding haze consumed me for a good minute, after which I fell uncaring of anything back onto the bed. 

"Now you're mine," she said with an eager hiss. The invisible presence that'd hounded me vanished with a trace. 

"Why can't I see you?" I asked, my brain's transformers still repairing after the overload. 

"Because I'm not really there," she replied with a low chuckle. Impossible hands started massaging the muscles in my back as I lay supine on the bed. The hands knew what they were doing as they worked away my tension, encouraging me to sink deeper and deeper into the comforter. Half asleep from the orgasm and massage double team, I listened as the strange woman began humming an alien tune, the musical notes twisting and dancing pleasantly through the air. Eventually, she finished with my back and began to work on my sides, focusing especially hard on the clump of muscles that ran just below my armpits. Sighing in bliss, I raised my hands to give her easier access. 

Which she probably doesn't need. Considering I'm either being courted by a supernatural being. Or, the much more likely scenario, is that I'm suffering an extreme anxiety induced hallucination and I need medical attention. Either way, nothing to do for it now but to relax and enjoy this wonderful massage. 

Absentmindedly, I reached out to scratch my belly after she'd moved the massage upward to my pecs. While my arms still lie above my head? Cracking my eyes open, I peered down my torso where a second pair of arms rested on my belly. Before the sight could sink in the hand on my belly gave me a half wave before falling back to my stomach. My eyes about bugged out of my head when I realized I could feel sensations from both the new appendages that rested, one on my belly and the other out by my side. 

Safe to say I freaked the fuck out. 

I held my head in my hands, the normal ones, not the freakshow ones. Hyperventilating, my legs scrabbling on the bed. My thoughts went something like: 

Ahhhhhhhhhhh! I fucking have arms where there should not be arms. Why the fuck do I have arms there? How the fuck do I have extra arms? 

Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck! 

It continued along that general thought highway for a good minute or two. 

Then Kisha hummed. 

The tone was strange enough that it derailed my circle jerk of panic that had me spinning my tires. My new arms eased me to the bed without my direction; rather they appeared to be under Kisha's control. 

"There isn't that better," she said around the humming. The speech portion of my brain unavailable, I blinked my eyes and listened to her console me with that rumbling tone, basking in it like a lizard under a heat lamp. Eventually I found my throat rumbling, harmonizing with the woman. She started a little melody, a dirge full of minor notes that I instinctively matched note for note, accompanying her through the musical lament. My eyes blinked a second set of lids from the side as my features began to subtly morph, softening under the hands of an invisible sculptor. 

I moaned and leaned into the reshaping, accepting it with an easy grace I'd lacked for the arms. Arms that Kisha used to reach up and part my suddenly plump lips, fingernails digging into my tongue. Taking a firm grip, Kisha began to pull and my tongue unreeled, jerking out in glistening sections as it plated into overlapping muscular tiers. It extended a good foot and a half of prehensile pink organ before she stopped. The tip split into forked tines that encircled a few fingers, sending a jolt of sexual enjoyment as great as any I'd ever felt before. I groaned as the tail slurped back into my mouth, safely ensconced in a more flexible and accommodating throat. 

While she'd been manipulating my tongue our mutual humming had stopped and I could feel the panic begin to return. Her hands curled firmly against my lower back, pushing against the flesh encouraging it to change. 

"What are you doing now?" I asked, struggling to control my twitching and changing flesh. I shameless panted, looking for some way to vent the heat that'd invaded my body. 

"Our backside is looking decidedly bare. I'm changing that," she said, slightly distracted with concentration. She brought her fingers to my open mouth, rubbing them around my ribbed tongue, accumulating spit. The hot wet lubrication was massaged around and across my anus, making me tense as she broadcast her intentions. I remembered my own hands just in time as I tried to protect my vulnerable orifices. 

"Can't have that," she murmured, almost absentmindedly. A wave of pleasant lethargy inundated my flesh, making my eyes lid and my body shudder. My hands fell to the bed at my side as I drifted, once more unable to care about anything she wanted to do to me. 

"Nooo," I whispered halfheartedly. 

"Hush now, we need to concentrate," Kisha said. I felt myself sink into the sensations, loosening my muscles as she slid her finger home. The pain I'd expected wasn't there, instead a pleasant fullness accompanied her persistent teases as her other hand continued to kneed my lower back, my spine growing much more flexible as time went on. Her finger stopped its exploration to begin a much more interesting action of pumping in and out. Acting in tandem, her hands worked both the inside and outside of my flesh. 

"There we are," she said, withdrawing her hand fully from my anus. I sighed with mental relief, my flesh still needy and petulant with the loss of stimulation. Only to realize that the same fullness her finger had was still there. And it was growing! A sliver of panic shot through the lethargy. 

"What's going on?" 

"It's a tail dearie," she said with disturbingly motherly care. "Now don't be shy, you'll have to come out eventually." I feared that she was no longer talking to me. The fullness grew with spine tingling sensations as my insides thrashed unnaturally. My tongue fell from my mouth like a package of ribbons that's rolled off a table, tickling my sternum. My biceps curled up, nails shredding the bedding and pillows as I fought against the inevitable. My panicked eyes observed my writhing form from mirror on the wall, unable to determine if the movements were those of pleasure or terror. 

"Such potent emotions for such a tiny little thing. If you relaxed and just accepted it I'm sure you would have more fun. Although, I will say I am enjoying myself immensely." Groaning, I flexed my ass, trying my damndest to avoid letting it out; struggling against every inch the reclusive appendage ventured toward freedom. Finally, it was a cramp in my foot that did me in, distracting me for a single instant. With a wet squelch, the dark teal scaled length slid from my anus, glistening wetly; its cool length transmitting a traitorous sensation of coolness to my nervous system. 
