 Author's Note: First of all, I looked back over my Humanoids of the Deep tribute and noticed that there were a lot of words missing, as apparently some things got lost in translation, and I sincerely apologize for that. This is my first attempt at a Warcraft porn story, with a bit of a plot thrown in there just to confuse people. 

-------------------- 

It had started as a niggling of an idea, buzzing in the back of her mind like an errant fly she couldn't shoo away, brought to life by an off-hand comment by one of her sisters. The comment hadn't been anything special, more of a slur than anything about how far the mortals were willing to go for pleasures of the flesh (to be polite about it - her sister had actually said something far more derogatory), but for some reason it had gotten her thinking, thinking about how the mortals races - humans and night elves and such - did seem so taken with mating. 

Even the mortals that worked so closely with her and her kin seemed obsessed with lust and mating, oft times slaking their lusts on either each other or a prisoner. After hearing her sister's remark, she had secretly watched several such couplings, noting how the prisoners' hadn't enjoyed it, but the jailers' most certainly had. Then she had done the same thing when the mortals who worked with her brethren had mated with each other, noting a marked difference between the two kinds of mating. And that had gotten her thinking even more, so much so that she had even slipped out of the caves and searched out the nearest mortal settlement, spying on it closely until she saw two of the mortals mating. 

Yes, there was definitely a difference between the first couplings she'd watched, the second kind she'd observed, and this third kind that she had uncovered. She couldn't make sense of it, really, and that made her start thinking even more when she had returned to the cave. Her thoughts were churning, constantly distracting her with thoughts and questions, observations about what she had seen, and with her curiosity surging, she had begun listening in on the conversations between the mortals working with her kin. 

She had stayed hidden during her eavesdropping, and she had learned much, a great deal more than she had suspected, none of which helped in answering her new questions, however. After several weeks of covert listening, she had stumbled upon a conversation that was relevant to her thoughts - namely a conversation between two zealots about the various 'attributes' of several of the new female prisoners. It had been...enlightening, to say the least, and she had tried to put her new curiosity over the mating habits of mortals out of her mind. 

The curiosity didn't seem to want to leave, however, and soon more thoughts came to her, questions and half-thought ways of answering those questions that she tried to hastily shove out of her mind. Unfortunately the thoughts themselves seemed disinclined to leave her alone, and so she had no choice but to pay them heed, delving deeper into those musings. The thoughts soon and questions soon changed into an idea, and that was where she was forced to draw the line, as the idea was simply preposterous! 

She had tried to shove the idea out of her mind, had done everything she could possibly do to ignore it in fact, but no matter how busy she kept herself, the unwanted thoughts kept trickling in. They distracted her, and she soon found herself more preoccupied by her ideas than by her duties, and she had found herself drifting to the side and staying out of the frequent battles that occurred when agents of the Horde and Alliance attacked the caves, instead watching the mortals' movements and taking mental notes on what each gender looked like. No one noticed she hadn't actually participated in the defense as long as she projected the image of being tired and worn after each battle. 

Before she knew it, she had compiled a mental list of the things she would need and the best of kind of specimens to get started with, and she had to resist the urge to actually follow through with the idea. There was no possible reason to, aside from sheer curiosity, and for a time she was able to ignore the persistent thought...at least, she had been able to until she made the mistake of spying once more on a zealot's mating with a prisoner, and that brought to mind the differences between the mating instances she had seen once again. 

And then she simply couldn't ignore the fledgling idea any longer, and so she had, the next chance she found, slipped out of the caves and got to work on making her idea a reality. She had had to travel far away, to a place where there were none of her kin or other mortals to see what she was doing, but still close enough to mortal settlements and roads that there would be an ample amount of subjects to choose from. The distance from the cave was actually a boon, as none of her kin would have ever thought to search for her in the place she chose to follow through with her idea. 

Once she had selected a location, she had begun gathering supplies, taking a few potions, ingredients, and supplies from the stores in the cave one or two at a time so as not to arouse suspicion. She had time to get everything ready, after all, and she had to make sure that none of her kin caught on to what she was doing. 

And then the attacks by the Alliance and Horde against the caves became a boon; after all, in the heat of battle who would notice one or two of the enemy vanishing? She had quietly spirited off two females of the race called 'night elves' and three human women over the course of four of the attacks, and those attacking the caves also did her the favor of diverting suspicion away from her. 

She had made the mistake of taking too many supplies at once, and some of the zealots in charge of operations in the caves had become suspicious. Fortunately there had been an attack by a group of Horde adventurers the next day, and she had silently planted some of the supplies she had taken on the bodies left behind as the battle had moved further inside the cave. Not all of the bodies she had planted the ingredients on had belonged to the enemy, and when the attackers had withdrawn and the bodies were searched, the zealots in charge had come to the conclusion that the adventurers had looted the stores and some of the lesser-ranked zealots had been skimming from the supplies. 

And now, a week later, she smiled slyly to herself as she slipped away from the caves, spreading her wings and taking flight towards where she had set up her little testing ground. She kept to the heavy clouds that covered the sky and promised a large amount of rain so that the violet glow of her form couldn't be seen from the ground, and her mind was already turning over several new ideas that she had come up with while forced to lie low to ensure the suspicion over the missing supplies had abated. Adjusting her course slightly so that she could stick to the clouds and take a slightly circular route to her hideaway, she couldn't help licking her lips as she thought of the experiments she had already performed and the research she had gathered. 

Because, when she had first begun observing the mating practices of mortals, she had had no idea of how their bodies actually worked, more than a little reconnaissance had been required. It had taken some doing, and she was now glad that she had spent all that time honing her sneaking skills, but she had gotten her hands on dozens of books about the various races' anatomies. None of them went into details about the things she wanted to know, but she supposed you had to start somewhere. 

It was a known fact that dragons such as her could change their forms to blend in with the mortal races, and that was exactly what she had learned how to do. Her preferred form was that of a human woman, and there was a simple explanation as to why that was: she had decided to get firsthand experience about her area of interest. Traveling to the nearest large trading settlement had been simple enough, as had shifting into a mortal form, but finding a suitable partner for her first experience in mating as a mortal had been something else entirely. 

After some trial and error, her new form, that of a dark-haired woman with ample breasts, a trim waist, and curvaceous hips, had attracted someone worthy. A human paladin, the man had been what human women would term 'ruggedly handsome', and he had been courteous enough when approaching her in the bar she had found. Pleasantries aside, before the hour had been up they had moved their conversation to the man's room above the bar and she had been able to get the experience she had so desired. 

She had definitely not been disappointed, as the human paladin (Lucas, she thought his name had been) had been hung like a bull tauren and his stamina deserved all due praise. She had barely had the forethought to block all sounds from leaving the room while his back had been turned before things had really gotten going but she was glad she had, because before the night had been through her screams of pleasure would have drawn quite a few complaints otherwise. As far as sexual experiences went, that one was definitely a resounding success, and when she had left the following morning, she'd actually felt a bit of regret over not getting a chance to repeat the experience. She had left the man a bag of coin and a cure for his hangover in both payment and appreciation though, so she thought the man would have understood that she'd thoroughly enjoyed herself. 

Oh, just the thought of that night sent shivers of lust down her spine! She thought in delight, just such a shudder running through her body as her thoughts slid to her first experiments on the first night elf woman she had captured, adjusting her course easily and absently, having done so enough times before that the route was almost instinct by now. 

The night elf woman had been a warrior, or so she thought based on the equipment the female had been using when she had grabbed her during the battle, and it had taken some work to strip the female of her armor while the elf was unconscious. She had managed, and she had been quite pleased with the sight revealed as she had secured the unconscious female to her improvised lab table. The taken equipment she had stashed in a rough storeroom with a mental note to go through it later to see if there was anything useful (as it turned out, there actually was, but that was something for another time). A simple sleep spell had been enough to keep the female unconscious while she had worked, gathering everything she needed to record the results of her experiments, and then she had gotten to the best part of the testing. 

Her first experiment, she recalled vividly, had been to see how similar night elf females were to human women, and that had included checking to see if all the reproductive parts were the same. She had first measured the female's breasts (and been impressed that the night elf had been able to move so well, what with the soft mounds being so large) and carefully record their size and weight. She had run down the list of other similarities with human women as she worked, having shifted to her own mortal form for ease of movement and getting closer looks at her subject, and she had completed those tests while the female had still been knocked out. After she had removed the two-inch round, six-inch long glass cylinder (that she had made just for her experiments, though she was thinking of making a bigger one) from the female's vagina, satisfied with what she had seen inside the warrioress, she had eagerly recorded her findings in her journal. And then she had moved on to the stretching tests, seeing how much the female's entrance could stretch to accommodate different sized cocks. 

That, she remembered, was when the female had begun to stir from her enforced slumber, but a quick confusion spell and a silence spell had ensured that the purple-skinned woman wouldn't be able to distinguish anything about her mortal form and that her screams would be unheard. She had discovered, much to her delight, that that particular female was able to stretch enough to fit a tauren-sized cock (simulated by a rock that she had carefully carved and tumbled smooth herself) inside of her. The female, over the course of the next several experiments, had tried to jerk and writhe, but she had ensured that the restraints she had installed on her improvised lab table had prevented any such unnecessary movement, and she had only had to renew the confusion spell once before the night elf had fallen unconscious. 

Oh yes, those experiments had been a smashing success, and the following ones involving drugs, potions, and other substances that affected lust had been even greater ones! Of course, she had waited until she was able to take another night elf female and a human woman from the next attack on the caves before she had started those, but she had had plenty to occupy her time until that had happened. Her testing ground, which had been incredibly rough - sporting only the one testing room, a small storeroom, a room to store her research, two holding cells for subjects, and several other miscellaneous rooms - received some major improvements in the days leading up the next raid the Alliance had launched on the caves. 

The one testing room became six, and the equipment inside became much better and sleeker, and the storeroom increased in size and became much better organized. The two holding cells became eight, and the restraints much better, the same with the restraints that would hold her subjects to the testing tables, and the research room was turned into a proper study with all the supplies that that entailed on hand. There were also new, cleverly disguised doors enchanted with special traps that she had incanted herself. There were still improvements to be made, she thought with a miffed frown, and she would have to see them done after her nights' experiments were resolved. 

She angled her flight into a slow decent towards the place where she had established her experimenting ground, silently gliding into Mistvale Valley and heading straight to where she had concealed the only entrance into her lab, tunneled into a hill and the sides of the valley as it was. The valley was the perfect place for her to hide, secluded but not so secluded that there would be any shortage of potential test subjects passing by the various roads in proximity to the valley. The gorillas she shared the valley with kept all but the most daring or the most stupid adventurers at bay, and the fact that Stranglethorn Vale was so far away from the highlands and the caves meant that she was under no threat of any of her kin passing by and seeing her. After all, who would ever think to look for a Twilight Dragon in Stranglethorn Vale? 

Landing and quietly dismissing the wards and camouflaging spells she had layered the entrance with, she shifted into her mortal form and walked through the door, closing it behind her and replacing the spells she had just taken down. She couldn't have anyone stumbling in and interrupting her work, she thought with a smile as she grabbed her notebook and pen, walking into the first occupied testing room (she had left three experiments going, all of them human women, as the two night elf females had fainted from exhaustion and required rest before they could be used in experiments again). And that reminded her, she had to ensure that the spell she had devised to deliver food and drink to her subjects was still up and running. 

The woman chained to the table (this time with restraints that allowed for small amounts of movement) was arching her back in a very impressive display of flexibility, her pale skin shining with sweat and the swollen globes of her breasts heaving and bouncing with each gasping breath. Her pretty face was flushed red, and her brown eyes were glazed with a combination of fever and lust. The woman's blonde hair was darkened with sweat, and as she watched, the woman let out a loud scream as she came, thin jets of milk shooting from her breasts at the same moment the orgasm slammed into her. 

She smiled, eagerly flipping to the page in her notebook detailing her current experiment, which included a mix of substances - some of which were actually thought to be useless by the rest of the world - designed to stimulate pleasure and trigger lactation in order to increase sensitivity in the breasts, and recorded the results of the experiment as a success. Of course, further study would be needed in order to ensure that there were no unforeseen side-effects, she smirked as she turned and exited the testing room. 

Since she had begun her experiments, testing a variety of substances to see if they could be of use to her, she had discovered unknown uses for so-called 'useless' substances. Some of which, to be perfectly honest, she was surprised to find had any use whatsoever, but they were definitely the kind of surprises she liked. 

The next testing room contained a woman with skin the color of coffee, dark black hair, and dark eyes that were even now fluttering shut as a loud moan slipped from her parted lips. Her breasts were the size of ripe melons, and her dark nipples were fully hardened to almost an inch in length. Her long legs were kept chained apart, ensuring that her smooth thighs were kept wide open and her moist feminine flesh completely exposed. The source of this woman's pleasure was easily recognizable: sitting on the woman's flat stomach, a large jellyfish, easily the size of a large cat, languidly worked its' tentacles in and out of her swollen pussy accompanied by soft slurping noises - obviously it had been going on for a while, as when the woman came after several minutes, all that emerged from her throat was a soft whimper. 

She was rather pleased with what was seeing, as she honestly hadn't been sure that her mutated jellyfish would be able to survive for so long in the air, and she eagerly marked that down on the page devoted to this particular experiment. It had been a reach, tinkering with a jellyfish to make it both able to survive on land and able to feed on the juices women produced in orgasm (and thus compelled to fuck them with its' tentacles to produce those juices), but she was proud to see that her experiment was working so far. She smiled as she watched the woman's next few orgasms, and then departed that room, making a few notes on that page about possible improvements that could be made. 

In the last occupied testing room, however, she stopped to congratulate herself on a job well done as she witnessed what was happening inside. This particular subject, an ample-breasted woman with vibrant red hair and light brown eyes, had easily been the most resistant to her experiments, and so she had had trouble trusting the results she got when she used her. Now though, thanks to the clever use of some of her newly-discovered aphrodisiacs and some various gels she'd invented to increase sensitivity (and yes, sometimes she did indeed enjoy the fruits of her labors), the initially-resistant woman was writhing and screaming in pleasure, arching her spine off the table she was restrained to until she was practically folded in half, her eyes rolling in ecstasy as she came. The source of her pleasure, unlike the last woman, wasn't obvious, but if you looked closely at her - at first glance - slim belly, you could see the skin moving as though something was inside of it. And there was, since like with the jellyfish, she had tinkered with the mana wyrm currently twisting and slithering inside the woman's womb. It could, more accurately, be called a 'lust wyrm' now, considering the changes she had made to it. 

The lust wyrm had been created in order to reach the deepest places of pleasure inside a woman's body, and unlike the mana wyrm it had been, it fed on lust and pleasure, and so it would be driven to cause as much of it as possible in order to gorge itself. It was the only one of its' kind, but so far the results looked promising, she thought with a slight smile as she made some more notations on that experiment's page. Promising, but there were still some improvements to be made. Perhaps something could be done about using it in order to increase fertility? It was certainly something to think about, she decided as she made another note. 
