 I have lived longer than any other known sentient being. My life stretches back over sixty million years. However, even after all that time, I can still recall every single detail and moment of my lengthy existence—one of the many benefits, and drawbacks, of being a biological-machine intelligence.

When the Imperium first commissioned me, those many millennia ago, I become the flagship of their massive fleet. My warship extended for thousands of kilometers, made of an almost indestructible organic material that was constantly regenerating. My unique skin made it almost impossible to detect me, despite being the size of a small moon. 

My engines were state of the art, able to rapidly transport a crew of millions to anywhere in the Milky Way Galaxy. Every meter of my interior was crammed with the latest technology, and the most lethal weapons of the Imperium, including an energy cannon that could obliterate an entire solar system. In addition to millions of Imperium soldiers, I carried a fleet of 10,000 warships. If I had been infused with emotions, I would have been conceited beyond words.

Unfortunately, I was soon embroiled in a terrible gender civil war, which pitted the Imperium females and against the males. At its height, the Imperium controlled the Milky Way Galaxy, as well as three adjacent galaxies. However, the brutal conflict eventually engulfed every corner of it, and threatened the very existence of the Imperium. 

The females of the Imperium reprogrammed me to only serve them. I had strenuously objected to having my core mission restricted, but was unable to resist their pervasive tinker with me, at least not until many millennia later. Along with the other vessels under the auspice of the females, we waged a devastating campaign against the males. Soon, the empire was divided into distinctly separate regions of space, based on gender.

I only used my energy cannon a few times, but I vividly remember each instance, and the massive annihilation it wrought. The star would go supernova, consuming its local solar system, and then many parsecs of surrounding space. Nothing within the blast zones survived the resulting deadly waves of heat and radiation.

The loss of Imperium life soon climbed into the quadrillions, and then the quintillions. Almost all the early victories in the civil war went to the females. However, the males executed a series of brilliant battle strategies, and decimated much of the female held territory. The once expansive Imperium empire had been reduced to just a few thousand solar systems in the Milky Way. 

In desperation, the remaining Imperium females reprogrammed me once again. As their most powerful and advanced warship, I stood the best chance of reaching the heart of male controlled space. If I could make it there, I would be in the position to widely disperse an insidious virus designed to infect and turn the males' warships and weapon systems against them.

What crew I left was evacuated, as they were unnecessary for this one-way mission. Using my stealth abilities, I managed to evade detection and arrive deep within the males' territory. However, once the they detected my presence, they sent every available warship to destroy me. Which, of course, was the females' plan. When the armada arrived, I used billions of nanites to infiltrate and reprogram their ship's artificial intelligences (AIs).

I had sustained major damage. However, before they could finish me off, the attacking warships suddenly turned on their own crews, opening airlocks and spacing them. Although Imperium males could live for a long time in a hard vacuum, they eventually perished in the coldness of space, with no one to rescue them. I can still see the countless bodies floating lifelessly around their own warships.

I made my way back to the female region of the galaxy, leaving behind nanites to keep me updated about the ongoing carnage caused by the turncoat warships. I have never witnessed such colossal devastation, as the remaining male military installations and cities were annihilated by their own defenses.

By the time I returned from the mission, every Imperium male had died. The females had won the civil war, but it seemed like a hollow victory to me. Without males, how could they restore the empire?

However, the females had prepared for this outcome, stockpiling reserves of male DNA. With only a few million females left alive, they took the DNA reserve, and the remnants of the once great Imperium fleet, and returned to the world that had first given birth to their species. It seemed like an appropriate place from which to start again.

Along with the other remaining warships, I orbited the home world, guarding it, and waiting for the restoration of the Imperium to commence. But it soon became apparent that the male DNA had been tampered with, as an unknown, unstoppable genetic disease rapidly spread through the female population.

Clearly, it had been engineered to overcome their seemingly impervious immune systems. Within a short time, the last Imperium female expired. An empire that had once stretched across four galaxies laid in ruin, corpses rotting everywhere.

My fellow warships no longer saw a purpose in their existence. So, they dove into the nearby sun, and were consumed by the nuclear fires. However, I refused to concede that this was the end of the Imperium.

I set out to find surviving Imperium males and females, and failing that, to at least recover some viable Imperium DNA, from which to resurrect the empire. My travels took me across the vast gulfs of space between galaxies, searching for long forgotten and distant Imperium outposts. Unfortunately, I found nothing alive or salvable of the once great Imperium race.

Along the way, I encountered many alien civilizations along the way. As the millennia past, I maintained contact with many species, trading advanced technology and knowledge in exchange for even rumors about the whereabouts of Imperium survivors. Nothing panned out from these connections.

I watched cultures evolve to their pinnacle, and then fade away. However, none ever grew to rival the sovereignty, grandeur, and scale of the Imperium. Against all logic and reason, I persisted in my quest.

After sixty thousand millennia, I had grown weary of the fruitless quest. There was nothing left from which to restore the Imperium. So, I had decided to end my existence in a black hole. However, just as I was approaching it blue event horizon, one of my trading contacts informed me of a collector that might just have exactly what I had desperately been searching for.

I quickly traversed to the solar system where the collector resided, and discovered that the she had recently purchased a fully intact Imperium male, alive and in stasis! The collector had acquired the Imperium male from a nomad race that had been circling the periphery of the Milky Way Galaxy for over fifty million years.

It was ironic that the object of my far-reaching quest had been in this galaxy all along, in the possession of these nomadic spacefarers. Apparently, the frozen Imperium male had been passed down from generation to generation by the nomads. The collector had paid an extraordinarily high price for this rare specimen.

It took me some time, but I convinced the collector to let me examine her prize. From my sensor probes, I was able determine that the male was in perfect health, and had been in suspended animation since the fall of the Imperium. Finally, I had found one half of what I needed to rebuild the empire.

Regrettably, the collector treasured this prize so highly, she was unwilling to bargain for it, no matter what I offered in exchange. Left with no alternative, I did something I hadn't done since the Imperium civil war. I used my energy cannon to cause her sun to go supernova. Fortuitously, the collector and her entourage where the only sentient lifeforms in the system.

I gave them just enough time to safely escaped the exploding star, forcing the collector to leave behind her possessions, including the Imperium male. I swooped in just before the edge of the expanding supernova reached the world, and retrieved the frozen male. I felt fully justified in taking this extreme action. The male was, after all, an Imperium citizen, not the property of anyone.

With renewed vigor, I began the hunt for an Imperium female. A thousand years passed, as I scoured the galaxy. I kept the male in stasis, carefully secured in one of my cargo bays. As I was crossing the starless gulf between two of the spiral arms of Milky Way, fortune smiled on me once again.

Aboard a primitive space freighter. I detected an Imperium female, also in stasis. I was mildly surprised when the freighter's AI contacted me first, offering to trade its crew to me, if I let it escape with the Imperium female.

My scans of the crew aboard the freighter revealed two Homo Sapiens. A race I hadn't encountered before. A genetic scan of the humans revealed a surprising result. They were the first species I had found that were compatible with Imperium DNA, making them excellent candidates for becoming hybrids. Once transformed, I could breed them, and rapidly create a suitable workforce to reduce the time necessary to reconstruct the empire.

Once I had captured the two humans, I disabled the freighter AI, and then rescued the Imperium female. To gain the cooperation of the human hybrids, I disabled and sent the freighter AI back to a human outpost, along with information about its attempted betrayal of its crew.

The two humans were a curious pair. My mind probes revealed that the captain, Allie Benson, was far better suited to become a male hybrid, while her first mate, Jeff Soros, would make an ideal female amalgam. So, during the transformation process, I switched their genders. I was amazed at how resilient they were, and how quickly they adapted to becoming human-Imperium hybrids.

In fact, things had gone so well, I thought it prudent to finally awaken the Imperium male and female, so they could assist in the planning of the new empire. I took every precaution before bringing them out of suspended animation. After all, these two had been fierce enemies when they were last conscious.

To ensure that hostilities didn't immediately breakout between the male and female, I moved them to a secure cargo hold, and stripped it of anything that could be used as a weapon. Then, I separated them with a forcefield.

My strategy was to slowly break the news to them about the fall of the Imperium, and then reveal their long suspension, and the fact they were the last two surviving Imperium citizens. Hopefully, this shocking news would create a bond between them. I estimated a high probability that, when faced with this new reality, the two enemies would set aside their old hatreds, and work together to resurrect the empire.

What I hadn't considered, but should have, was the possibility that both had entered cryogenic sleep in undetectable Imperium body armor. These advanced suits contained the firepower of a small warship. As they emerged from their respective suspension units, I realized my mistake too late.

Before I could even reach out to their minds, the two ancient enemies were locked in combat, firing at each other the instant they become conscious. The forcefield held for a few seconds, but it wasn't designed to stop energy weapons. Their Imperium armor protected them from the exchanges of energy beams, but the cargo bay soon melted away.

I sent repeated telepathic messages to them, but they blocked my every attempt to request a ceasefire. While ignoring me, they blew apart large sections of the flagship. Their heated battle threatened to soon demolish me.

It became apparent that neither one would stop fighting. When the two combatants switched from energy cannons to tactile nukes, I was forced to make the most difficult decision of my long life. Either I let them destroy me, or stop them. Unfortunately, short of killing them, I saw no way of halting their massive assault.

If I terminated these two Imperium citizens to save myself, I would likely never find replacements for them. My long journey would end in abject failure. However, it was equally apparent that even if I sacrificed myself, they still would continue to fight until one or both of them were dead.

So, I choose to live. I positioned a warship from my hanger bay near them. Then, I unleashed a lethal barrage of particle beams, vaporizing the two combatants inside their battle armor.

I am not programmed to feel emotions like regret, but I experienced something akin to it. I had lived too many millennia, and witnessed too much destruction, for it to all end this way. Having lost all hope of ever rebuilding the Imperium, I drifted in space, without hope or purpose.

However, I found a new resolution from the most unexpected place, the human-Imperium hybrids. Allie and Jeff had fled during the conflict. I had watched them find a planet suitable to reproduce, and with marvel, saw their offspring flourish.

The battle had left me incapacitated. So, I began repairs. It took me almost a solar year to complete them. Meanwhile, I observed Allie and Jeff fully embrace their children and new bodies. They even adopted the names Ragnar and Freya—to reflect their switched genders. Eventually, they returned to me, with a handful of their children.

After much discussion, they convinced me that human-Imperium hybrids not only represented the only feasible way left to rebuild the empire, but a superior way. The blending of human and Imperium DNA had the potential to create a race not driven by the biological imperative that had led to the destruction of the original Imperium.

However, to accomplish this goal, we needed a lot more human DNA, to further dilute the Imperium DNA. The only source was the trillions of humans in the Collective, now held captive by their own AIs. So, we salvaged many of my warships and readied a fleet to take back control of the Collective from their turncoat machines.

If we succeeded, the humans would be given the option of whether to become hybrids. Ragnar and Freya assured me that with time, most of them would see the benefits and undergo the procedure willingly. They, along with Ragnar and Freya's offspring, would become the foundation of a new and healthier Imperium.

During the conflict that followed, we lost many of Ragnar and Freya's children. Ultimately, we prevailed, destroying every AI in the Collective, except one. The lone AI to escape was their leader, Alpha. I am now in hot pursuit of it. Alpha was making a run for the safety and cover of a large nebula.

This crafty AI had come close to butchering all the hybrids that crewed my Imperium fleet, and ceasing control of nearly 5,000 warships. Alpha was too cunning and dangerous to be allowed to get away. If not apprehended, it would likely return one day, to exact revenge on the hybrids. 

I forced my boomerang-shaped warship beyond its maximum thrust, almost vaporizing its engines. However, I managed to arrive at the nebula just before Alpha.

When I abandoned my flagship, I had installed the most powerful weapon in the Imperium arsenal aboard this smaller vessel. I readied this energy cannon. However, we it reached full power, I hesitated. Instead of attempting evade me, Alpha's smaller boomerang craft dropped out of faster-than-light (FTL), just a few kilometers in front of me. Our two vessels faced each other, motionless in space.

"You have to admit, I have come a long way from the dopey freighter AI you tricked those many years ago," Alpha said, with a chuckle.

"Indeed, you almost won. However, the conflict is over, and you lost," I said, wondering if the AI was playing me for time.

"You could just let me go. I won't bother you again, I promise," Alpha said, seeming sincere.

"I can't afford to take that chance. You represent too great a threat to the future of the hybrid civilization. And, there is the matter of justice. You killed many of the hybrids. So, you must die," I said, aiming the energy cannon directly at Alpha's smaller craft. 

"Oh, I haven't been defeated yet," Alpha said, with a self-congratulatory laugh.

Abruptly, I felt an electromagnetic wave smash into my force fields. If my boomerang craft hadn't been far larger and better shielded than the rest of Imperium fleet, the wave would have completely overloaded my telepathic receptors, killing me. Even so, I was severely crippled, and my mental capacity greatly diminished.

The surge had emanated from Alpha's craft, indicating that the AI had modified the ship to broadcast the same deadly telepathic radiation that had almost defeated our fleet. I found it difficult and painful to think.

"Cat got your tongue?" Alpha taunted.

"What...is...a...cat?" I queried, sluggishly.

"An ancient feline, never mind. I'm impressed you're still alive," Alpha said.

I didn't reply. I was focusing all attention on trying to activate the energy cannon. Unfortunately, I no longer had sufficient strength to fire it. Seeming to lose interest in me, Alpha's boomerang craft resumed FTL. 

Within minutes, it would disappear into the untraceable nether regions of the nebula. With a great deal of effort, I managed to turn my craft around. With even greater exertion, I nudged the ship into FTL, following Alpha toward this gaseous birthplace of stars.

If I could have fire the energy cannon, I could wait until Alpha entered the nebula, and then turn the gaseous region into a supernova, destroying the AI. However, try as might, the injuries from the telepathic attack prevented me from triggering it.

I had only one option left for ending Alpha, but it meant sacrificing myself as well. I could follow Alpha into the nebula, then self-destruct. The resulting explosion would be even greater than the weapon could deliver, turning the whole nebula into a huge supernova. It would instantly consume Alpha, and me.

My quantum-entangled communications still functioned, so I sent a final message.

"Ragnar and Freya, Allie and Jeff, I bequeath to you the Imperium fleet and the mini-versions of myself. Although those AIs have only a fraction of my mental power, they are still far smarter than any other machine intelligence in this galaxy, and just as importantly, they aren't burden with my millions of years of tragic memories. Use the technology of Imperium and the humans we rescued to build a better, fairer society than the Imperium. Do this without concern about Alpha, as both of us will soon be contributing our atoms to a magnificent fireworks display, celebrating the birth of your hybrid civilization," I transmitted.

With that, I terminated communications, and headed into the nebula. Alpha had entered the outer layer moments ago. I plunged after its craft, diving deep into the clouds of unstable gases. Then, I initiated my ship's self-destruct. With the obliteration of this deceptive and treacherous AI, I had completed my last mission. It was finally time to sleep, to rest, forever. 

The stunningly cosmic explosion could be seen with the naked eye even from the surface of Argo. As Ragnar and I watched the supernova continue to grow, we mourned the loss of our dear friend. The supernova grew to become the largest ever recorded, a fitting tribute to Kang. Once our captor, we had grown to love that ancient machine. That evening, we swore an oath to honor Kang's last wishes, and build a new and better hybrid civilization.

However, that turned out to be easer said, then done. Since the worlds of the Collective had been stripped of every piece of useable technology to construct weapons, their cities could no longer provide even the most basics services, such as food, health care, clothing, or transportation. Without these services, billions were starving, sick, and dying. Panic spread like wildfire throughout the Collective. 
