 Vor'ek moved with patient confidence through the halls of the demon's keep, situated deep within the Dark Forest this might fortress belonged to the fearsome demon Gorash, its reputation was infamous and all who knew its name cowered in fear, save for one. Vor'ek. It was rumoured that he was the most powerful being to walk the forest yet his true notoriety came from his reputation as the breaker. It was said that Vor'ek could break any beast or creature in the forest and that nothing could stand against him.

Vor'ek was a Drakkas; half-demon, half human. He was not as large as a regular demon nor did he have the demonic hue of energy that surrounded them but unlike a demon he was not tethered to the Realm of Darkness. He did not require a link to the demonic realm and could move within the Dark Forest freely. Seeing a demon like creature walking around freely was always something to be frightened of.

His skin was smooth and hairless with a light crimson sheen, he sported an athletic build and stood taller than most creatures in the forest. He had two horns protruding from his head, sharp talons on his fingers and a long thick tail extending outward from his lower back. His face although mostly human was lessened so by the ominous fiery glow of his eyes.

The goblins that served the demon of this keep cowered as he approached but couldn't help staring in awe at his passing. He continued his journey deeper into the bowels of the keep and directly into the dungeon. Feminine screams echoed through the downward spiraling staircase, they became louder as he approached.

When he arrived at the bottom level he spied the source of the screams. Two female faeries were poised side by side, their hands were extended outward defensively . Their eyes glowed golden yellow with power and their gossamer wings fluttered at their backs. One was a dark haired brunette and the other a fiery redhead, their beauty, truly was the lustful fantasy of any mortal man.

A bolt of demonic energy from the other side of the room collided with the pair, a golden hue of energy radiated from them and met the bolt with equal force but the result still caused the two much pain they screamed in unison as they tried to defend themselves. Vor'ek could sense their will fading but the demon was using so much of its power to break them it seemed such a waste of time. 

"Ah Vor'ek you have finally arrived, as you can see my guests are not being cooperative" it commented with annoyance. The demon's voice resonated within the small chamber, its deep baritone rumbling in the walls. An inferno of fire burned brightly on the wall where the demon was situated, its form was only a representation of its complete glory depicted by the flames. It fired another bolt of energy again with the same result.

"How did you manage to capture a pair of faeries? It was my understanding they never left the glade." Vor'ek inquired.

"Ah yes, well these two were on their way to a gathering of sorts. I was monitoring the area and was able to intercept them mid-flight transporting them directly into my trap." The demon smirked at his triumph. Vor'ek noted the demonic inscriptions on the floor of the dungeon, they resonated evil and corruption for the time being this trap would keep them from leaving the keep. Gorash fired another bolt of energy in anger the shield protecting the faery women held strong.

"Gorash my friend you should know that faery are highly resistant to demonic energy, you are wasting your time and energy." He commented casually.

"That's where you come in Vor'ek, I hear you can break anything, that your skills are unmatched by any other." It explained. Vor'ek ignored the comment.

"What do you want from them anyway Gorash, faeries have no power that any demon could use. You are wasting your power on a fruitless task" Vor'ek explained.

"Ah but faeries are the secret keepers of the forest they have the knowledge that could set me free upon this world, so that I may bring death and destruction to all." He laughed maniacally. Vor'ek rolled his eyes he'd heard that song and dance from many demons before yet none had ever accomplished such a feat.

"My friend if you ever gained such knowledge you wouldn't even know where to begin. I bet you'd stumble over your own pride and impale yourself on your own ego before you stepped foot out of this disgusting hole you call a keep." He smirked, taunting Gorash. The demon's fiery face contorted into a look of disgust.

"Hehehe, they told me you were cocky but they didn't tell me you were a comedian as well." The demon's face transformed into a wide smirk, amused with Vor'ek's banter. "Name your price and after you have given me what I want you shall have it." Vor'ek thought for a moment, any payment from a demon was never without consequences by their very nature demons were evil, deceitful. One had to take care.

"I want them." He pointed at the two faeries, their eyes lit up at his acknowledgment of their presence, with Gorash they sported a look of determination but they knew how to fight a demon, Vor'ek however, had the outward appearance of a demon but was something much more. They looked at each other briefly; fear in their eyes. Vor'ek smiled back satisfied with their response. "Truly? That is all you ask for, well my friend then consider them yours, if you give me what I want. If not however, then I can always find another to complete the task, perhaps one less disrespectful." It jeered.

"Yes they are all I ask for and you will not find any other capable of this task and should you threaten me again demon just remember that although in your own realm you are all powerful, in this realm I am the alpha." He shot back. The demon laughed loudly again amused by his response. "Well then we have a deal, get to work I am not a patient demon." He ordered.

"My art requires patience and privacy, if you would be so kind." Vor'ek motioned his hand in a gesture of dismissal.

"How dare you command me! To think I have put up with you in my presence for this long!" he growled angrily. A bolt of demonic energy blasted out of the inferno, this time directed at Vor'ek. Vor'ek placed his hand in front of him allowing it to make direct contact with his palm. The bolt sizzled harmlessly as it was absorbed by his skin. The demon's face transformed into a look of shock.

"Be warned Gorash, I am not a simple creature of this forest, nothing has challenged my power and lived, you would be wise to head my council." He warned. The demon huffed in response but the inferno of flames died down until the chamber was only filled with the faint glow emanating from his two victims.

"Such a fool, he had no idea what he has." Vor'ek smirked and turned his attention to the frightened pair.

"Did he?" he directed his question to the frightened pair. "Gorash had no idea that he had captured the two faery priestess's of Lightborne. Well, his loss I guess."Vor'ek added. He moved closer to his victims stalking them like prey, circling them, inspecting them for the kill. He smiled.

"You won't be needing these anymore my dearlings" he told them. Vor'ek approached both of them and reached out with one hand each pointed toward them. The aura of their magic shone brighter in a vain attempt to defend themselves. Vor'ek paused a moment only an inch away from their shaking bodies, he then smiled and reached forward passing through their barrier of protection unhindered. He touched both of them on the arm they leapt back in shock as they were not used to something being able to penetrate their protection.

"How did you do that?" The red head shrieked. "No demon has ever broken our magic" The brunette added. Vor'ek smirked at their confusion obviously these two were not aware of his existence and his capabilities. Without warning several tentacles shot from his back and grappled the pair. Each faery now had one tentacle around each wrist and ankle gripping them tightly and forcing them against the nearby wall. The ends of the tentacles themselves could be morphed in many different shapes, they were strong and they could be extended or retracted at will. Very few knew of their existence and their usefulness because Vor'ek kept them hidden behind his cloak. Vor'ek could feel every touch as if each tentacle were an extension of himself, right now he enjoyed the feel of their soft flawless skin. Because he had no other sexual organs these tentacles were the instruments in which he enjoyed pleasures of the flesh.

Now that both Faeries were incapacitated, he started undressing them. They struggled physically against his tendrils attempting to throw his hands off. With slow deliberation Vor'ek removed each piece simultaneously with both hands mirroring each other. The mounting anticipation made the experience all the more pleasurable.

When he was finished both naked beauties stood before him, Vor'ek marveled at their beautifully sculpted forms, the perfect way their breasts rose and fell in unison, the thin layer of sweat on their white marble skin. "You will not get what the demon wants from us." The brunette spoke again her voice with a new sense of determination.

"We would rather perish than allow that demon to walk free among the world." The redhead joined in. Seeing their defiance only made him more determined to break them.

"I already know that such a secret must be given willingly and also each of you are working in unison to strengthen each others mental defense. No my little winged friends I will use you against each other, only then will you give me what I need." Their eyes widened at his explanation, only now they were beginning to understand. Vor'ek erected an additional shield around the room, he didn't want any uninvited guest interrupting his work.

Vor'ek moved closer to the redhead and placed his hand around her throat choking her slightly. Then he sent a bolt of energy through his tentacles causing her to writhe around in pain. "If you kill her you won't get anything" The brunette warned.

"Kill her? Of course not, but if you do not comply with my wishes I will cause her a lot of pain." To emphasise the fact he sent another bolt through her. She screamed out in pain with tears streaming down her eyes.

"Aleria!" The brunette screamed. Well, now he had one name at least. He ceased his attack and released his grip slightly Aleria whimpered softly.

"Ah, so Aleria is it? Such a pretty name. And what might yours be?" he asked almost politely, she hesitated and he gripped Aleria tighter. She understood.

"Nerian. My name is Nerian" She sighed defeated by his tactics.

"No matter how much pain you cause me Nerian or I will not tell you the secret." Aleria explained weakly.

"We shall see my dear, but first, a game, I know how faeries love to have fun." Vorek jested. Keeping his grip tight, he pushed Aleria toward Nerian so they were face to face. 

"If you do what I ask then you will be rewarded with pleasure, if you do not, well, I'm sure you know what's going to happen. Also if you attempt to escape or attack me in any way the penalty will be much worse. Let's begin. Aleria give Nerian a kiss." He commanded. Vor'ek loosened the grip of his tentacles slightly allowing her to move more freely, Aleria leaned forward and gave Nerian a light peck on the check.

"I'm sure you can do better than that. Come now, on the lips." Aleria looked back at Vor'ek defiantly. He sighed audibly send another bolt of pain to Nerian this time, she screamed out in pain thrashing against the tentacles still holding her in place.

"The pain doesn't stop until you do as I ask." He explained again. Aleria quickly leant forward again and kissed Nerian on the lips Vor'ek ceased the pain and sent through a bolt of pleasure instead. Nerian moaned in response, Aleria seemed slightly confused by the change in her friend's behaviour but continued the kiss. Nerian's tongue involuntarily slithered out of her mouth and licked along the edge of Aleria's lips.

Vor'ek deciding to not let the other miss out extended the same treatment to Aleria, the effect was almost immediate, she moaned into her companion's mouth and her own tongue leapt from her mouth to meet up with her friends, they were now moaning in unison, a duet of blissful harmony. Faeries were sexual creatures by nature and responded to any sensual touch positively. Vor'ek took pride in watching his magic work, few could resist his power. Abruptly he ceased the feelings of pleasure, both of them stopped suddenly and attempted to regain their composure; they stared at each other meekly embarrassed by their actions.

"Don't be embarrassed my dears this is only a game after all and aren't we already having so much fun." He commented. "Now Aleria, I think poor Nerian's breasts are cold from the unreasonable accommodations we have been placed in perhaps you should remedy the situation." He coaxed. Vor'ek loosened the tentacles holding Aleria's arms almost completely, Aleria understood she placed her hands on her companions breasts and kneaded them gently, she tried to make the actions as non-sexual as possible but Vor'ek send pleasure through his tentacles again to Nerian bringing forth her moans of pleasure. He then used two additional tentacles on Aleria's breasts, they massaged her own by mirroring the movements of her hands on Nerian and through his tentacles he could fully appreciate the soft fullness of her breasts. Aleria caught onto his lesson of mutual pleasure, Whatever Aleria did to the Nerian she also received the same in return, her hands moved with greater purpose and direction. 

"Use your mouth Aleria." He commanded. Aleria leaned forward with only a slight amount of hesitation and latched onto Nerians right nipple, Aleria continued the massage with her hands and Vor'ek's tenaicles did the same.

Vor'ek regriped Aleria with one tentacle by latching around her waist, he then positioned her into the air vertically but still allowed her access to Nerian's ripe breasts. Aleria stopped her ministrations as she was lifted into the air unsure of his intentions.

"Continue" He commanded again. Vor'ek forced the two tentacles working on Aleria to excrete a small fluid, this fluid was very similar to the seed of a human man, he then used them on her breasts to mimic her tongue they gave her the same treatment she was giving her friend, Aleria yelped in shock but her screams were muffled in Nerians ample breasts. When Vor'ek had his fill of Aleria's breasts he pulled them apart and positioned Nerian in mid-air like her friend. He repositioned Aleria so she was facing the ceiling with her legs spread and moved Nerian closer to her so that her head was now in between Alerias legs.

"It's time for you to return the favour Nerian, Kiss her on the lips." He commanded. Nerian hesitated but pleasure he was pulsing through her body made it difficult for her to resist, she dove in eagerly lapping at Alerias already moist nether-lips. Nerian worked quickly licking up and down her slit keeping her companion in a state of absolute bliss, Aleria's eyes were closed and she moaned softly in pleasure, her hips moved in time to Nerians's tongue.

Vor'ek used one of his tentacles to mimic Nerian's tongue on her own nether lips, through it he could taste her as if his own tongue was sampling her delights, Vor'ek had sampled many in his lifetime but they did not compare many to the delicacy of faery juices. The sensitive tips of his tenticles enjoyed every stroke of her pre-moistened slit. Nerian also seemed to understand what he was trying to teach. Nerian changed her strokes in accordance with her own needs and she plunged her tongue as far into Aleria as she could then darted in and out of her, Vor'ek followed suit with his own tentacle matching her speed and depth.

When Nerian had sated her own need for penetration she moved her tongue onto Aleria's clit and began slow gentle strokes up and down, again Vor'ek followed her actions pleased with her compliance. Nerian increased the pace of her strokes and Aleria's body shook with pleasure, her back arched as her climax neared. Not to be outdone, Vor'ek matched her movement with his tentacle on Nerian to produce a similar effect. With perfect timing both of them climaxed simultaneously, the cacophony of screams were a symphony of bliss and Vor'ek was the conductor. He allowed them a short time to recover quickly before continuing. It seemed his gamble had paid off, long ago he discovered that when a faery reached a climax the inner barrier in her mind weakened, allowing access to any secrets, it was this very reason why so many had failed to extract information in the past. Their minds had definitely weakened but not enough for him to retrieve what he needed, besides he wasn't done playing with his toys yet.

Vor'ek repositioned them so they were face to face, still in midair with Nerian looking skyward this time and Aleria pointed to the ground, he pulled them together so that they were mere inches from each other and small beads of sweat dripped from Aleria on to Nerian. Their eyes were glazed and their faces showed the exhaustion from their recent exertions. Vor'ek decided to give them something to keep their minds and mouths busy. He morphed his two favourite tentacles into the shape of a thick and hard male member he offered one to each girl.

They knew what needed to be done and in their current state he could tell there would be no more resistance. He guided his member's toward their awaiting mouths pushing at their lips gently, they both opened up with only a small amount of persuasion and began to suck on them gently, their small mouths worked efficiently and effectively.

As time wore on the enthusiasm in their task increased. Vor'ek grunted and growled as they eagarly pleased his pulsating members. Because his tentacles doubled as sexual organs they also had the capability to release his seed. He used another two tentacles on both of their love buds while they worked. Their attentions brought him closer and closer until he felt his impending release, he timed it so they climaxed with him and watched in satisfaction as his seed pumped out of his tendrils and into their hungry awaiting mouths, they nearly choked but he held them in tightly as he spurted his seed in their throats deeply. He pulled both his tentacles out before they finished their final pump and made sure both faeries received a nice coating of his seed on their angelic faces.

Vor'ek only gave them a brief moment to recover before swapping his spent tentacles around. He positioned Nerian around the opposite way so that both Nerian and Aleria had access to each others post-climaxed nether-lips. He encouraged them to pleasure each other by forcing them closer together. They complied willing with both of them diving into each others mound without hesitation, they both latched onto each others clit lapping and sucking hungrily. He used two unspent tentacles to slowly push their way into each of their entrances. The simultaneous feeling of penetrating both of them at the same time was almost indescribable. They were both tight and moist each of them giving him muscle twitched around his two engorged members with slow deliberation, Vorek impaled them as far as he could go. When their tight accommodating love canal became accustom to his size he pushed in and out of them simultaneously. He started slowly at first but gradually built up to hard, fast and very deep strokes. Their cries of pleasure were synchronised with each inward push.

They climaxed in unison both pulsing around him perfectly. He paused a moment concentrating on each squeeze of their muscles as they convulsed around his throbbing tentacles. When they came down from their high he knew there was but one last prize he had not taken. He shaped two more tentacles slightly thinner and smaller and eased them slowly into the tight puckered stars of their backsides. With great patience he filled them up completely and with gentle persuasion again Vor'ek encouraged them to continue working with their mouths whilst he pumped in and out of them. Before long both were climaxing around him again, each tentacle was gripped like a vice their combined climax brought his own and they both received yet another equal share of his hot warm seed deep within their core and bowels.
