 Octavia tugged at the soft fabric of the cotton button down dress that she wore. It was a soft pink color with a thick dark brown belt about her medium size waist, she wore a pair of light grey thigh high heeled boots to make up the difference of the thigh-high dress. Every business man and street beggar would stare so openly at her as she walked down the crowded streets of Denwine. The clothes were luxurious and formed to her body like glue, they felt so restricting, choking Octavia to a degree that went beyond mere surface appearances.

The young woman was in no way accustomed to the practice of wearing clothes, her people did not have much use for such restricting things, yet still Octavia held her head high and walked with grace and dignity, knowing that this place... these people; the Greji would have captured and raped her without any reason or apologies afterward. The Planet Seileia was different then the surrounding planets, yes Seileia was divided into two distinct factions, a divided world; split by the very thing that defines nations all across the galaxy... culture. 

Greji lived in expensive towns of mansions, manicured lawns and gardens, the closer you got to the cities there were more hanging gardens, then suddenly the lush greenery would instantly fade away as tall metallic skyscrapers stood high into the green-turquoise skyline, buildings of fantastic structure and design screamed of such immense importance and wealth. Greji culture was not that dissimilar to many cities on the planet Earth. Thriving on sophistication and well-to-do attitudes.

The Ceilea, which was Octavia's people... thrived on living peacefully with the planet, exercising harmony and respect for nature and their fellow being, even if it were a Greji. They ran free of metal boxes and cloth wearing, they practiced jewelry making and metal shaping. Ceilea were comprised of four tribes, Nox, Lixa, Meeai, and Jedai. Each clan had a defining emblem, and then every family within that clan had a household crest. Octavia was in Greji territory, in their capital city of Denwine to visit her first cousin, Milody.

Octavia removed the small slip of paper that she had received from her father a week ago, double checking the address as she stood in front of a tall silvery tower, windows of glass reflected Seileia's two suns. She approached the rectangle glass doors and pressed her finger on the inset touch-pad technology, the number of her cousin's living quarters. Instantly several electronic invisible locks came undone and the doors slid in on themselves; opening to Octavia. This is the third visit to her cousin's so she had just recorded Octavia's fingerprint into the touch-pad recognition system for her apartment building, so the girl could come and go as she pleased. The only way to get into or out of all of the living buildings in Denwine was by the apartment owner's fingerprint. And on more sophisticated systems it included voice and retinal verification as well.

Octavia stepped inside of the gleaming masterpiece of manmade cleanliness, into the awaiting self activating, self cleaning elevator. The moment the sliding doors shut and the elevator was headed upwards a man appeared in the left hand-side of the glass wall, an electronic doorman as it were.

"Is there anything I can get for you Ms. Octavia? Anything I can arrange for you while you stay?" his flawless english accent always startled the girl just as much as the electronic inset Sims itself, always did. 

"Oh no thank you Mr. Sims, I'm just here to visit Milody." Octavia's sweet voice filled the small space.

"Very well then, if there is anything that you need, you know how to get ahold of me Ms." and then the electronic man disappeared like he had never been there. Octavia pulled again on the material of her dress, wishing that she could be back in the forest and be as herself, instead of having to pretend. The elevator stopped at the 24th floor, a soft dinging jingle announced her arrival as the door slid open, directly into her cousin's apartment suite. 

Octavia stepped into her relative's home, again looking awestruck by the lavish furniture and the high ceilings, the way the outer-wall windows seemed to wrap around 80% of the main apartment, the living-room was the first thing that one saw stepping out of the elevator. Couches and large fur rugs were the focal point in the space, with a large t.v. inset into the far wall. Milody was standing by her white grand piano, she wore a long gray fox skin dress with strap stiletto heels, her long red hair was braided and then wrapped around her head in a large stylish spiral.

"Ohhhh Octavia!" she exclaimed with glee as she swooped across what remained of the room to embrace the young woman. Octavia hugged her cousin in return, a wide smile on her lips as they parted. 

"How are you cousin Milody?"

"Oh I'm doing just splendid darling, how are you? Oh how is the family? Has it rained yet?"

"I'm doing good, the clothes that you sent to me are very nice. Mother and father and Kintin are doing wonderful, working hard, father is apprenticing him as a blacksmith. And no there hasn't been any rain yet." replied Octavia as Milody ushered them over to one of the big plush couches.

"You're very welcome my dear and I must say that you look absolutely beautiful in them!" commented Milody as she looked her younger cousin up and down with a smile. Blushing Octavia thanked her for the compliment, remembering how Lutane had said the same thing to her before she had left. 

"How do you like the earrings that Lutane gave to you?" asked Octavia noticing that Milody was wearing the gold chandelier earrings.

"Oh they are so gorgeous, I just love them, I'd never be able to find such quality and craftsmanship anywhere here in the city." answered Milody, she petted them softly as she spoke. 

"How are you two doing?" she asked.

"Well, we are doing great..." Octavia couldn't help a small blushing smirk, "We have been getting closer then ever. I believe that I love him." she admitted softly.

"Oooooo, has he popped you yet?" Milody giggled with mirth and curiosity. Octavia frowned slightly at her cousin's slang phrase for sex, sex to the Greji was no more then mere play and entertainment, if children happened to be born from random couplings then they were taken care of true, but rarely by their birthparents. Ceilea sex was not as such, a pair began courting as early as 9 or 10 years of age, then if the pair can grow together, work threw thick or thin with one another then the two may marry at anytime, mated for life.

"No we haven't had sex yet." Octavia replied cooly.

"Oh none at all? You mean he hasn't even played with your piecing? And you, his?" Milody coaxed eagerly, she loved to tease her cousin. Ceilea, male and female were pierced at early ages, it was a custom among them, to at least have one place pierced by the age of 10. Since Ceilea were metal workers they decorated themselves as such, it was all that they wore; nudity was common. 

Octavia blushed, she had had her belly pierced at age 10, her nipples at age 12, and her clit hood at age 14. Ear piercing were most common among the Ceilea.

"He likes to lick my breasts and kiss my clit." she admitted.

"Does your father know?" Milody asked suddenly serious.

"No! Of course not, then he would forbid Lutane from ever seeing me again, or even touch me." exclaimed the girl.

"Okay, okay so what do you do?" purred Milody.

"What do you care?!" snapped Octavia defensively.

"I'm just curious that's all, Lutane is a hunk at that."

"Oh Milody leave your little cousin alone." a heavy sigh came from the kitchen, his voice was deep and rich. 

"Neo! I had no idea you were home!" cried Milody excitedly as she leapt from the sofa and raced into the kitchen. Octavia followed more slowly, between the marble white pillars that separated the kitchen from the living-room, the kitchen seemed to be literally a snapshot of a home and garden magazine, massive and clean, ready to host a party for a month or more. Octavia heard soft murmurs as she stepped between the pillars, her eyes beheld her cousin, wrapped around a big dark skinned man, his skin was like the rich color of planting soil, he wore soft cotton pants. His head was naked of any hair, he wore a small gold hoop in his right ear. He was nearly 6'7" in height, his hands were like paws, like Lutane's. Neo was Milody's mate, they had been together since age 12. Then when Milody visited Denwine at age 18, she decided to live in the city for awhile, Neo had agreed to go with her.

Octavia tried not to run her eyes up and down Neo, but it had been sometime since she last saw him, he was now a grown man. Her breathe caught was she saw his stiff cock poking wantonly from within his loose pants, he was holding Milody in his arms, her legs wrapped about his chiseled waist; meanwhile his erection was straining at the soft fabric. Octavia shook her head, she could never understand what the appeal of the city held for these two, they were Ceilea by birth, living in Greji lifestyle; not a crime by any means but still looked down on.

Octavia quietly backed away, her pussy pulsed instinctively as she watched Milody strip herself. Sex between a mated pair was a common thing among Ceilea, sometimes open displays did happen, but typically the couple were given their privacy. Octavia knew they hadn't been together in a while, because Milody had forgotten all about her, the girl was left to watch or to sneak into another room to give them privacy.

But before she could decide what to do, Milody was on her knees pulling Neo's thick penis out of his drawstring pants, his shaft was average length but had a girth on him, probably 6 to 7 inches around, if not more. Octavia's pussy began to ache with desire, she had never seen or heard of a penis that was short yet thick around, Lutane's cock was about 8 inches in length and about 6 inches in width, a welcomed thing for the young woman.

Eyes riveted on her cousin, Octavia watched as Milody licked his crown while her hand wrapped firmly about his girth, long slow licks that made Neo shutter and moan; he would grip her head as she began to suck on him. The noises made Octavia nearly moan aloud for Lutane, she adored sucking and throat fucking his dick, he would practice his stamina while she sucked him most times.

Milody's soft pink lips wrapped around Neo's dark width made the girl so horny she had to brace against the pillar to keep from asking to join them, it was rude and distasteful to do such a thing, she would be cast out of her family and disowned by her tribe. Orgies were never allowed, it wasn't right to disrupt the natural balance of marriage between a single man and woman. Octavia felt her cheeks grow hot with shame at even allowing her libido to stray on such a thought, fucking with anyone other then Lutane, made her feel wrong inside, unfaithful, ashamed.

Neo throat fucked Milody for a long time, her breasts bouncing, her pussy scent wafting around the house, then he pulled her to her feet, spanking her round ass several times. Milody meowed and groaned with deep pleasure as Neo pushed her up onto the kitchen island, on all fours she waited, mewling and panting with need. Neo pawed at her dripping pussy, his large fingers rubbing gently against her oversensitive clit. She cried out and began to rock back and forth with pleasure, her body vibrating with sensitivity. Neo then palmed her ass that was pooched out for his inspection, murmuring sweet yet arousing words to his woman as he then took hold of his pulsating thick cock. Just as he pushed himself into her awaiting heated core, Octavia softly turned and then went to find her usual guest room. The girl didn't need to see anymore, besides Milody typically was very verbal about her sex life, Octavia was positive that she would hear about it in the morning.

She followed the long hallways until she found her double door entrance, opening one of them she stepped into the lavish room, a little foyer greeted her as she closed the door behind herself. Then a few steps further into the heart of the room, a large expanse of a window met her gaze, to the right was a king size bed with a wooden frame and gauze linen that were wrap around the bed. A small sitting billowed bench sat at the end of the bed. A small breakfast table and four chairs sat in the corner opposite of the bed, then just beyond the table and chairs was the archway into the bathroom. Milody had had the room especially designed for Octavia, knowing that it was somewhat similar to her home in the deep forests.

Octavia walked into the bathroom, the large soaker tub was set up with small pillar surrounding it wide steps ascended to it from the main marble floor, an open shower was just behind the tub outside on the little balcony. A double his and her sink was to right of the archway, a long mirror wrapped around most of the bathroom walls; the toilet was in a separate room just off of the far-side of the sinks. 

This type of living was so strange to Octavia, usually she would simply bathe in the warm waters of a waterfall, use the sunlight and the soft grasses to dry herself. Having to step into a giant bowl of porcelain seemed so dangerous to her. Sighing heavily the girl eagerly slipped out of her boots and dress, she drew a warm bath, filled it with bubbles. She then picked out some shades of nail-polish before getting into the soothing bath. It had been a long trip, especially having to get threw the security checkpoint, it was that invisible line that divided the two peoples.

As the warm water settled around her naked form her ears caught each moan and outcry of delighted pleasure from her cousin and Neo. Octavia ignored them as best she could, carefully taking the time to clean her piercing well, she washed her hair removing all of the tiny tangles and snags from her locks. She then rinsed her head, letting the warmth envelope her as she ducked beneath the water.

As Octavia emerged she caught the sound of the front door just being closed, rather softly, a few whisperings of people in the living-room. Shrugging Octavia continued to relax in her bubble bath assuming that someone had interrupted the older couple's love session, maybe a neighbor or a friend of Neo's, she stood up carefully then gently inspected her clit piercing with her fingertips cleaning it while simultaneously mewling softly at the waves of pleasure that the bar was forcing on her. Her eyes fluttered closed as her clit began to buzz, enflamed with sensation, her pussy ached even deeper as her mind wistfully wished that it was Lutane that was touching her. Her ears again heard the mating noises of her cousin and Neo... she paused, listening.

"Ohhhh Neo fuck me oh yessssss fuck me harder... harder!" Milody cried aloud. 

Octavia smiled as she heard Neo's heavy breathing, the way his body slapped and slammed into his woman, their combined sounds of rough play. Suddenly her mind recalled that whoever had come for a visit had not been pleasantly excused... when...

"You always look gorgeous when you are about to cum." a familiar male voice spoke gently.

Octavia's eyes snapped open and she nearly slipped and fell, had Lutane not sprinted the few steps to catch her mid-slip. Gripping her tightly the young man's hands felt so familiar to her, so wonderful. Octavia's body instantly felt waves of comfort,love, devotion, and restfulness as she turned her surprised face up to look at him.

Lutane's sparkling blue eyes met her green ones, his sandy brown choppy long cut hair dangled in his face lending an air of mysterious romance to the planes of his cheeks. His face reminded Octavia of a handsome yet fierce gladiator of the ancient times, his lips were full and the color of a pomegranate. 

"Caught you." his mischievous yet tenor tone washed over the young woman like an immense calm after a storm at sea. Octavia smiled thankfully as he gently lowered her back down into the warm bath-water.

"You are here Lutane! Why? I mean I'm happy that you are with me, but what brought you here? To Greji territory." Octavia asked as he settled himself next to the tub, content to talk and watch her finish her bath.

"You did, I asked your father's permission to make you mine soon after you left for Milody's. And he said yes!" Lutane announced, his chest filled with pure emotion as he told his love the good news.

"Oh Lutane that is such good news!" squealed Octavia, her heart leapt for joy and her aching pussy grew ten fold.

"Yes it is. So I set out after you, I didn't want you to be without me now that we can openly share our emotions and love. My father agreed to let me go, business has picked up lately, but he knew that keeping me at the shop would nearly kill me. He smiled knowingly and then told me to be safe and be back as soon as I could, and so here I am my sweet Octavia!" Lutane caught his breathe as he stared at her beauty. He had always seen her naked, it was the Ceilea way of life, but now that he could openly and willingly share his devotion and love for her, all of his true feelings rushed forth. He was scared and excited beyond compare all at the same instant.

Taking a deep breath Lutane took her hand in his. 

"Octavia, may I... can we... would you..." he grew so nervous he had forgotten what to say.

She stood, his eyes glued to her form.

"Fetch me a towel my love." she directed. Octavia was so nervous she was trembling, her heart wouldn't slow down, and her body was aching for him. Lutane jumped to do her bidding, assisting her out of the tub, he then began to dry her off with the fluffy soft towel, lingering on those delicate places that he knew she loved to be touched at.

"I want to undress you Lutane, let's go to the bedroom." whispered Octavia. Lutane's mind was racing and yet hyper-focused on knowing that they were going to become as one tonight. His heart beat faster and faster still as he followed his lady into the bedroom, watching her climb into the giant bed. 

Her piercing caught his eyes in even newer ways as the setting sun danced across her moving form, tracing delicate colors of light on her soft tan skin. Octavia loved what he was wearing, jeans and a mint green button down dress shirt, but even though she had seen him nude before, tonight the air was alive with new sensations, sparks were zinging about the atmosphere like lightning bolts. He approached her, Octavia's fingers shook slightly as she began to unbutton his shirt....