 Octavia awoke early before the sun, the sky was shades of purple gray. The newly made woman stretched like a feline, coiling and arching her supple body. Glancing over a smile of inner, overwhelming joy spread across her face as she saw that Lutane was still sound asleep. Her body ached but in a mighty good way as she quietly got up from the bed, she softly left the room. Octavia's nipple reacted to the change in the air as she padded into the living room, hard as diamonds as the cooler currents struck her bare body. Horizon pastels loomed on the skies as she paused to looked out across the metal shiny city from the crest shaped window. 

"Was it everything that you imaged it would be?" Neo whispered. Startled Octavia whipped around to see him and Milody seated on the couch enjoying the early morning together, sipping on cups of hot liquid.

"You could hear us?" blinked Octavia, her nudity didn't faze them, although Neo's nostrils flared with arousal. 

"Yes sweet Octavia. After your initial attempts and exploration, you both were very vocal. It was music to my ears to hear the two of you consummating your love. Cementing your bond in the flesh is a joy that will always be exciting and discovering new ways to play will keep things interesting." smiled Milody. She turned to look at Neo, finding his eyes riveted on her younger cousin.

"Must you stare so openly my love?" Milody scolded him. Neo nodded, Octavia noticed the bulge in his pajama pants. She blushed knowing that he would pounce on her if Lutane gave permission, though the young girl wasn't so sure she wanted so much attention from her cousin's mate. 

"Neo don't look at me so. If you had wanted to make a claim on me you should have done it before last night!" Octavia shot at him, her voice low but fierce. 

Milody frowned at her but said nothing, seemingly not to care whether her husband made advances on Octavia. The young woman moved towards the kitchen, slowly deliberately eyeing Neo as he let his gaze linger on her. Surely Neo wouldn't take her by force?

She walked into the kitchen and got herself a glass of water, Milody followed her.

"Why would you let Neo assess me in such a way? Has he always wanted me? This isn't fair." bit out Octavia as she turned to face her cousin.

"Neo has always wanted you... and me. He likes the idea of having more then just one woman but you haven't been to visit in so many months. Neo knows that you and Lutane have known each other since a young age, but it doesn't change the fact that Neo went to your father and mother to ask their permission to court you as well as myself." admitted Milody.

"What!" spat Octavia, she braced herself against the island counter. She had always noticed Neo glancing her way as he past by with Milody on his arm, or how he would rush to assist her even though Lutane was already at hand.

"Why tell me this now Milody, why!" Octavia's rush of emotions and overall anger came out as a shout.

At the sudden shift in her voice Neo came rushing into the kitchen, concern emanating from his very being, a few minutes later Lutane came running into the kitchen as well; a mix of groggy sleep and surprise showed on his face.

"Octavia what's the matter!?" Lutane's voice was pitched with worry.

"Neo..." Octavia said in a whispered tone..."is it true? Do you love me?"

Lutane shifted slightly, his eyes on Milody.

"Yes Octavia. I love you. It is not in the same way that I love Milody, but it is just as deep, just as devoted, and faithful as if we had been together all along." Neo said in a even honest voice. He took a step closer to Octavia, his arms spread in a low non-threatening manner, a gesture of openness.

Octavia's mind felt fuzzy as if she couldn't concentrate, never in her wildest dreams had she suspected this! Her gaze narrowed as she raised her head to look directly at her cousin.

"And you? What have you to say?" her voice was bold and demanding.

"I have no feelings for Lutane, I love him as a brother, not as a lover. This I swear on my own life. I have known of Neo's feelings for you since before he and I left Ceilea. I have no problem sharing him with you, but the choice is up to you Octavia." Milody said calmly.

Octavia's attention suddenly struck Lutane, a look of distrust and and bewilderment in her eyes.

"You knew. Lutane you knew this and you never told me." tears began to well up in her eyes.

Lutane sighed heavily, "Yes Octavia I knew. But I never thought it would come up. Neo came to me two years ago and laid bare his heart, knowing that I could rightfully demand him to a duel. At yet I didn't. I understood that it had taken him many years to work up the courage to even mention it to me. I am leaving the decision up to you my love, I will be your mate, I will never abandon you or forsake you Octavia. And I promise to love you and keep you safe always. But this choice is yours." Lutane moved towards Octavia.

The young woman gasped, her ears rang, her face flushed with emotion. The thought of having two mates left her shaken, uncertain, and very wet.

"Is it possible? Can we do this and not be banished by the Ceilea elders?" her voice was shaky.

"Yes we can. If we all agree to this and lay out terms of which we all agree, then according to our laws; it is alright." Milody answered.

Octavia nodded. "What needs to be done? Some kind of ritual?"

A mischievous smile spread across Lutane's face, a look of delight in his eyes.

"There is my sweet. In order to make sure that all individuals are truly comfortable with the arrangement, you and Neo must mate while Milody and I watch. If one or more of us reacts badly then it must be abandoned immediately." his voice took on a low growl of arousal. 



Octavia purred slightly, finally allowing her libido to dictate her thoughts and feelings. Coupled with last night's new awaking she was still high with arousal. The rising sun struck the kitchen as Octavia made her choice, the orange, pink, blue, yellow, purple light enveloped her as she moved towards Neo's tall masculine form. Lutane and Milody moved into the master bedroom to find comfortable seats while the other two began making out.