 Neo groaned deeply as he began to lap at his woman's ass, his hands massaging her cheeks while he delved deeper, his tongue gliding along her tight hole, tasting her muskier scent on his tongue. Milody began to shiver and moan as he continued to kiss and lick at her, pushing back into his touch. 

"I didn't know that would feel good." whispered Octavia as she looked on in wonder and curiosity. Lutane's fingers worked in circles on her clit. Neo murmured to Milody, she in turn handed him the bottle of liquid, he sucked his finger into his mouth then gently petted her anus; she responded with a deep throated moan. His other hand reached between her parted knees to flick at her engorged clit, strumming it while he made circles on her ass. Lutane seemed to be mimicking his friend as he did the same to Octavia's virgin pucker.

"OhhhhhNeo that feels so good!" groaned Milody as she began rocking back and forth gently. Neo then opened the bottle and pour a small amount out onto his hands, he then dabbed her with it while her rocking gave him the advantage. Easily he began to work his finger into Milody's extremely tight ass. Zinging sensations shot threw her as she accepted him, mewling moans came from her as Neo advanced, his finger becoming slicker and moving steady.

A shuttering cry came from the other couch drawing Neo and Milody's attention briefly in Lutane's direction, smiling Neo saw that his fiend was taking directions literally; as his own finger penetrated his mate's virgin ass. 

Neo then coated his hard cock with the lubrication while he inserted a second finger into Milody, widening her.

"How the hell is he going to get in there?" Octavia nearly blurted louder then she intended. She knew well how much he demanded even from the two women's pussies.

"I have no idea Octavia. I know that you would take me alright." his finger went deeper into her ass.

Neo raised up on his knees as his one hand massaged his cock. "Are you ready Milody?"

"Yes oh yes." she answered, shoving her butt back towards her mate.

Neo placed his crown at her entrance, with a few moments of mutual pushing the head of his shaft popped into her, for Milody it was an entirely different sensation as he invaded her narrow channel. Grabbing her by the hips Neo forced her to hold still so that she wouldn't accidently harm herself, slowly he inched inside her silky warmth.

Octavia's eyes were wide and locked on the scene before her, blinking she absolutely couldn't believe what she was seeing as Neo's girth sank ever so carefully. Milody panted and squeaked as if she was out of breathe, she kept trying to buck into him yet he wouldn't allow it. Once Neo was seated nearly to his hilt he paused, giving her time to adjust and relax into him. 

"Do you like it Milody?' he cooed to her, his voice was strangled with such emotion.

"Yes I do you fill me so deeply oh Neo." she said softly as he withdrew slowly, adding more lube to himself as he entered again.

"Mmmmohh." Milody purred as Neo began to put longer more solid strokes into her, her muscles easing and relaxing around him as he slid. In mere minutes he was stroking faster and hard in and out of her ass, his voice mingling with her own as they moaned and sighed.

Octavia was pulsing and her ass felt so full with Lutane's finger sliding back and forth inside of her, her pussy sopping wet as she watched her cousin get penetrated in the ass. She leaned over to lay her face in her mate's lap, her hands seeking out his hard-on, she licked at his tip.

"Ohhh Octavia." he sighed deliciously, his thumb pushing into her soaked vagina while she began to suck on his cock.

The pair gazed at the other couple as they began to climax. Neo's guttural moaning as Milody's ass shivered and squeezed his buried pulsing shaft. "Neoooooo!" cried Milody as she bucked into him, her voice was strangled with sensation and love. Neo held tightly to her as he released his hot seed into her channel. Octavia began to mewl as her own orgasm broke over her, she released Lutane's cock so as not to accidently bite him, his finger and thumb pumping even as she climaxed onto his hand. Lutane smiled as she screamed her wanton emotion while she peaked.

Both couples collapsed, completely exhausted and beyond happy. Each nestling into each other on their couches, drifting silently into sleep.

The next morning Octavia awoke, her eyes drifted open slowly while her sleepy mind came into focus. A smile spread on her face, she gently lifted her head. Neo and carried her and Milody into the master bedroom sometime in the middle of the night. Neo and Lutane were both holding her, while Milody spooned Neo from behind. Octavia was the only one awake, resting her head back onto the crook of Neo's arm a heavy satisfied sigh sounded within her. Even though Greji and Ceilea were different in so many ways, one thing Octavia knew for certain.... her new found mates, Lutane and Neo; her cousin Milody was where she wanted to be.

Even if it did mean Octavia had to live indoors.