 I AM SO SORRY FOR NOT UPDATING EARLIER!!! You all must have been thinking "Well, I guess I'll have to wait another two years for the next update". However, I finally found the time (and motivation) between work and college to pop this chapter out. I have two weeks off of college, so I'll try to get at least one more chapter out before it starts up again.

This is the part of the story that many of you have been waiting for: SEX. I was thinking of making the sex scenes being narrated by a third person, but then thought "What the hell?" and decided to just do it from the point of the characters. I am having many different ideas as to how this story will continue, so I have no definite idea as to how Ethan and Ryndal continue, so any ideas would be great and if they correspond to my ideas, then I may take that direction. Without any more distraction from this part which you probably just skipped, I give you Part 4. Bow Chicka Wow Wow.

Ryndal

"Virgin" was all I said. Ethan gave me had a dumbfound look on his face; I almost laughed.

"Huh?" Ethan said, sounding really confused. "I never would have suspected you to be a virgin."

"Remember when I told you about how elves are mortal until they decide when to become immortal?" I said.

"Yeah, you said that it was the choice of the elf to continue to age until they wished to become immortal. How does you being a virgin have to do with that?"

"The process for an elf to become immortal is to lose their virginity. Think of it as a rite of passage. The process of losing one's virginity for humans is to symbolize no longer being a child and becoming a man or woman. For elves, it is about ascending to a higher state of existence." I said, watching Ethan and he tried to absorb my words.

"So...that means that we should stop what we are doing." He said with a little disappointment.

I grabbed his face and kissed his lips. "I did not say that. From the moment I met you, I have seemed to be drawn to you, to trust you. I'm ready. If I am to become immortal, I want it to be with you." After saying that, I once again kissed him deeply. It took him a moment to respond, but when he did, it was with great passion.

His hands caressed my skin wherever he could get his hands. His touch caused my skin to feel like it caught fire. Wherever his hands traveled, my skin ignited in fire, causing me to moan in pleasure. His hands once again returned to my pants, where they slid beneath them and gripped my ass. He continued to massage my cheeks as I began to grind into him, feeling his hard bulge against me. He then removed his hands and began to unbutton them. Once done, he removed my pants and underwear, leaving me completely naked beneath him. He moved back to look at me and the look in his eyes as he looked me over made me hot.

"Perhaps you would like to make yourself more comfortable." I said, looking at the large bulge in his pants. He got off of the bed to take off his pants, and the view that I got was wonderful; before me stood a very naked Ethan. Standing at around 6', Ethan stood magnificent with his tanned skin seeming to glow in the sunlight coming from the window. Nice pecs, lightly dusted with golden hair that traveled all the way down to his groin, abs that seemed to ripple as my gaze continued southward, and a cock that seemed very happy. His endowment stood at what seemed to be 9", uncut, with walnut sized testicles hanging comfortably underneath. Thank the gods that I have magic to help me take him. He then crawled back onto the bed and on top of me.

He resumed kissing me while grinding into me, causing waves of pleasure. His kisses then began to travel down across my neck, to my nipples, which he spent quite a lot of time on (much to my pleasure), then he began to travel even further. He by passed my straining and leaking cock, and began licking my ass cheeks. I looked down at him as he looked at me and he then began to slowly delve his tongue in between my cheeks. When his tongue made contact with my hole, I began to writhe in ecstasy. Seeing my reaction, he spread my cheeks and really got into it.

His tongue alternated between caressing around my hole and stabbing into it. I was reduced to gasps, moans, and whimpers as he continued to eat my hole. My hands were fisted into the blankets as I began to grind into his face, trying to get more of his tongue in me. Eventually, he pulled away, much to my disappointment, but he reached into the drawer in the nightstand and pulled out a bottle. He opened the top and poured the contents onto one of his fingers, and then looked at me. He placed his lubed up finger at my entrance and began to circle it, as I tried to calm my nerves, knowing that the inevitable is close.

His finger began to easily enter me, due to his vigorous tonging. When it was in, he curled his finger and began to stroke a place in me that had me groaning and twitching. I closed my eyes as he continued his ministrations. As he began to slowly withdraw his finger and then push it back in, a hot, wet sensation enveloped my cock. I opened my eyes to see him looked at my face with his eyes darkened with lust. He then slowly took all of my 6.5 inches all the way to the hairless root.

He then began to suck and bob his head, causing me to unconsciously begin to slowly thrust my hips to meet his rhythm. This continued for a while, until I noticed that he now had three of his fingers inside me, continuing to stretch me. As he continued to bob and massage that wonderful place inside me, I felt my climax approaching. "Oh gods, I'm so close Ethan!" I gasped out. He responded by increasing the speed of his sucking and fingering, causing my balls to begin their ascent. I ran my fingers through his hair and then gripped it as I began to come. Throughout my orgasm, he continued to suck and swallow as I spent myself in his mouth. When it was over, he crawled up my body and began to kiss me, my taste still on his tongue.

"Are you sure?" Ethan asked. I nodded.

"I am ready. Just go easy." I said, a little worried about what was about to happen.

With that, he reached back into the draw and pulled out a small, thin package. I looked at him with a confused look.

"What is that?" I asked, a little skeptical about the object.

"This is a condom." He said, as if it should be obvious as to what it was; my blank stare proved otherwise. "It is used as protection, to prevent the spread of sexually transmitted diseases. It rolls onto my cock, protecting me and others from anything that we may have. Also, it makes it easier to clean up after."

"Well if protection is the main reason for it, then we won't need it, because elves are immune to diseases. Also, I want my first time to be intimate." I then wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him down to my lips; from the corner of my eyes, I noticed that he tossed the package. He started to shift around and get into position. I felt his shaft head at my entrance.

"Last chance to back out." He said, with a raised eyebrow.

I raised my eyebrow, imitating him, and said, "I was about to say the same thing."

He chuckled and said, "Push out as I am pushing in, it will help make it easier."

I did as he said, and when he started to push in, I push outwards, willing my body to accept him. Because of his earlier ministrations, the head of his shaft slipped in with only slight discomfort. Once the head was in, he stayed still, allowing me to adjust. During that time, I felt the tingling that one of my elven friends told me I would feel as my virginity slipped away. After this, I would be immortal, but that is not the only thing that would happen...

As I was thinking this, Ethan must have sensed that I had relaxed and slowly started to slide further inside me. The feeling that came from that action was not so much pain as is was a full feeling; Ethan wasn't exactly small, not by a long shot, so it was to be expected. Ethan shifted around a bit and began to make short jabs, rubbing that wonderful spot in me. I wrapped my legs around his hips and began to moan. He took that moment to slowly continue his insertion, not stopping until he was all the way in.

Ethan

Oh my God! So tight! was the thought that entered my head as I slid the rest in. I have had sex with quite a few guys, but sex with Ryndal was different. First and foremost was the fact that he was an elf; never had sex with anyone outside of my own species, so that is a given. Second, I felt more connected (no pun intended) than I had with any of the others, even though I have only known Ryndal for less than 24 hours. Third was the fact that since I started entering him, I felt this constant tingling, and as I continued entering him, the intensity of the tingling grew. It felt like that awkward pins prickling feeling that you get when the blood rushes back to a limb that had fallen asleep, only it was on my dick and it didn't hurt.

As I started to withdraw, Ryndal's ring gripped me tight, trying to keep me in. Needless to say, I moaned. I noticed that during my withdrawal, the tingling did not subside one bit. In fact it seemed to increase in intensity just a bit. With only the head inside, I looked down at Ryndal, and what I saw took my breath away; before me lay a pale creature of amazing beauty. Ryndal was not a sickly pale, but more of the kind of pale that gives off an ethereal glow. Eyes half lidded in lust, partially covered by his dark brown hair with the streak that matched his emerald eyes, and his skin covered in a slight sheen of sweat. God, he is amazing.

I slowly began pushing back in again, watching Ryndal's expression; he arched his back, closed his eyes, and let out a deep moan. As soon as I bottomed out, I instantly began to withdraw. I continued at this slow pace for a while, watching as Ryndal would occasionally twitch, causing his ring to grip me tightly. As I was mesmerized by his reactions, he said the magic word, "Faster." Needless to say, I did not need any more encouraging. As my pace increased, so did Ryndal's moaning. Ryndal began to move with my thrusts and tighten his legs around my hips, trying to get even more of me into him as he could. I kept this up for a while, still noticing that the tingling was starting to get really intense.

I could sense that he was close to cumming, so I started to slow down, allowing him cool off a bit. When he cooled down a bit, I then began to thrust hard into him, rubbing his prostate constantly. When he was at the edge again, I backed off. I repeated this for a while, until he was gasping heavily. I was so close to cumming, and the intensity of the tingling was not helping one bit. Here it goes. I began to really thrust, hard and fast, causing Ryndal to grip the sheets in a death grip. After a few seconds of this, Ryndal lost it.

As Ryndal began to cum, his hole tightened, and he began to spray his cum all over himself; that was when the tingling reached its highest point and exploded. When his ring tightened around me, I began to cum, but when the tingling seemed to explode, it felt like I had been struck by lightning, and began to make seizure like spasms on top of Ryndal. As I finished cumming, I looked into Ryndal's eyes, about to ask what the hell that was, when I noticed his eyes; they still had their emerald green intensity, but now they had a silver band encircling the center of his iris. But by that time, I was too tired to comprehend it. I rolled over and pulled Ryndal to me and fell asleep.

Ryndal

Sleeping next to Ethan is very restful. Shortly after our climax, we lost consciousness. When I woke up, the shadows were deepening as the sun was setting. As I lay in Ethan's embrace, feeling his warm breath on my skin, I begin to think about what I had done. Because of this, Ethan may come to hate me, having to go through what he will go through... There was no sense in letting the worry brew and grow. I turned to look at Ethan's sleeping face, smooth and peaceful. Forgive me... With that though, I drift back to sleep.

Waking up, I find the bed empty. I reach over to the area where Ethan had lain, still feeling warmth from the sheets. He must have gotten up not long ago. My thoughts were confirmed when I heard the sound of running water. He must be bathing. I got out of the bed, put on the undergarments that Ethan gave me, and made my way to the kitchen. There, I got a glass of water and started thinking again. How long will it be before he notices? Looking out the window, I notice that the sun is down and the city is lit up. It's strange for there to be this much life in the streets, this late at night.

My thoughts were disturbed when I heard the water stop. When the water stopped, it felt as if my heart did the same. The sound of movement followed, but then suddenly stopped. I heard Ethan whisper, "What the fuck?" followed by hurried movement and the door being yanked open. It didn't take him long to notice...Ethan hurried out of the bathroom, to the bedroom, where I guess he was looking for me. Not finding me there, he then made his way to the living area, where he found me.

"What did you do to me?" Ethan said, with confusion and panic in his voice.

I then looked into his brown eyes...eyes that were no longer the same.

"I'm sorry." I whispered.

Ethan

Waking up with Ryndal wrapped around me was a great way to wake up. Looking at his sleeping face, it is hard to imagine how in such a short time I could grow so attached to someone I hardly knew. Not to mention to someone of a different race/species/being, however you want to classify Ryndal. It is so strange that it was just last night that I even discovered the existence of other sentient beings capable of casting magic, and yet I am not as freaked out as I should be. And earlier today was unbelievable; no one I had ever slept with before could compare to what I experienced with Ryndal.

I untangled myself from Ryndal's clutch as carefully as I could, not wanting to wake him. I looked back at Ryndal as he shifted around, only to find him clutching the pillow that I had been sleeping with. I chuckled to myself and headed to the bathroom to clean up.

While standing under the hot spray of the shower, I reminisced on what had occurred last night, having had the best sex I had ever had. That strange sensation near the end was very...strange; there was no other word for it. Looking down, I noticed that I had become hard while I was thinking of last night. I smiled, thinking if I could get Ryndal to wake up and recreate last night.

After I got out of the shower, I walked to the mirror, which had fogged over with steam, and got ready to brush my morning breath away. Swiping my hand across the mirror to clear away the moisture, I looked at my reflection at first with surprise, which quickly turned into fear.

The eyes staring back at me were not my own.

The color had not changed. They were still the same brown as before, but now there was a silver ring circling the center of my iris.

"What the fuck?" I said to myself. After the shock wore off, I tore out of the bathroom and straight to the bedroom. However, Ryndal was not there. I then made my way to the living room, where I found Ryndal with a guilty and fearful look on his face.

"What did you do to me?" I asked, afraid of the answer.

"I'm sorry." He whispers, looking down from my eyes. "I should have told you everything."

"What do you mean?"

"Do you remember what I said about how an elf becomes immortal?" He asked.

"Yes, by losing their virginity. But how does this have to do with what is happening to me?" I asked, trying to stay calm.

"It is true that by losing their virginity, an elf becomes immortal. However, I didn't tell you what happens to the person that takes the virginity." He said, finally meeting my eyes. "When you took mine, there were two possible outcomes. The first is what happens when the virginity is forcefully taken. By forcefully taking an elf's virginity, the rapist lives a half-life, aging twice as fast as they normally would."

"Is that what is happening to me?" I asked, feeling my body going numb with fear.

"No, you definitely did not take it by force. I couldn't have asked for a better first." He said quite adamantly. "The second outcome is what happens when the elf has feelings for the other. During intercourse, a powerful force can be felt by both of the people, which then explodes at the end. This is the combining of the two people's souls. The two become bound together. We became bound together, and now as long as I live, you will no longer age. You are now immortal."

All of the air escaped my lungs and I collapsed into a chair. I'm immortal? That would not go unnoticed in a world where technology is king. How long would it take for someone to notice that I don't age. How will I be treated then? Will I be shunned by everyone as a freak, or will I, most likely, become a test animal for the search for immortality?

"I'm sorry. I should have told you before." He said.

"How did these outcomes come to exist? Were they always there, or what?" I asked.

"In the beginning, the loss of our virginity just led to the immortality of ourselves, or so we thought. When humans became aware of the existence of elves, they envied us for our longevity. As our races became closer, some interracial relationships began; it was then that we discovered that both people became immortal. Once humans discovered this, they began targeting the elves, trying to find any virgins so that they may become immortal. Wars were fought between our people, and many lives were taken. Finally, our most powerful mages came together and cast a spell on all elven bloodlines, putting the half-lived curse. And because the souls of those that took our virginity are bound to the elves, those that raped my people were cursed. Once word spread that elven virgins were dangerous, the wars and rapes stopped. This all happened millennia ago. Since then, our people have come together in peace."

"Why didn't you tell me about the curse?" I asked, finally understanding.

"I didn't tell you because I knew that you were not the kind of person that would force yourself on me. Also, I was afraid of what would happen if you knew about the immortality. I was also afraid that history would repeat itself and that the chance of becoming immortal may corrupt your judgment and you might have inadvertently been forceful; I would not be able to live with myself if I had cursed you." He said. I looked in his eyes and saw that he felt about what he said.

"I'm not so much upset about being bound to you as I am about being immortal and having eyes like these. How am I going to hide this?" I said, pointing to my eyes.

"I could create an illusion on your eyes, making it seem like your original eyes. But it would only last for a few hours at a time."

"But what if I am in the middle of working and it stops working. What then? I can't cast magic." I said, pointing out the obvious. That is when he grimaced. Uh-oh.

"Actually, since you are bound to me, and I am connected to the magic from my planet...you can cast magic." He said, squirming a bit.

"Is there anything else that I should be aware of?" I asked, trying to just get everything out of the way.

"Besides the fact that you will grow a tail, a set of fangs, and get pointed ears, not that I can think of." He said, looking at me with a serious look on his face. My jaw dropped, my eyes popped open, and I was about to start screaming at him, when all of a sudden his serious expression cracked and he just started laughing.

"You are joking, right?" I asked, praying that he was. All I got from him was a nod as he continued guffawing. I tried to be angry at him, but I couldn't help chuckling at what my face must have looked like, and what I had imagined what I would have become if he had been serious. My chuckle turned into laughter and soon I was out of breath.
