 "Yea that's it give it to her boys! Make her yours." purred Milody, as she fingered her own vagina.

The four of them had spent all day in the bedroom, after Neo had gushed into Octavia for the first time, Milody had openly and excitedly encouraged Lutane to join in and share her with Neo. Lutane had surprised everyone, including himself by agreeing. Milody simply wanted to watch the threesome. 

Octavia was on her hands and knees, taking Lutane in her pussy while Neo fucked her mouth, her passionate sounds were broken and garbled since she had learned how to deep throat the men. Lutane was eagerly pounding away at his mate, while Neo took her virgin mouth. They both eyed one another across her back knowing that this partnership would work, although as strange as it was, Milody preferred only to observe.

"Oh Neo.... oh Lutane!" was all that Octavia could manage as she was had by two males, who were willingly hellbent of dominating her. She loved to be stuffed in one end while being thrusted at the other. Her fiery little body liked to be used, enjoyed being pleasured.

Suddenly both men were growling or groaning, ramming in deeply they each came one right after the other.

"Octavia!!!!" cried Lutane as his cock erupted deep inside her womb. Octavia tasted her first load of hot cum as Neo spurted into her mouth, his fingers gently stroking her cheek, she swallowed eagerly while her tongue tasted his throbbing oversensitive tip; tasted his salty thick mixture as it ran down her throat into her waiting belly. 

Lutane held her by the hips, resting as he watched Neo's softening member slip from her lips. She smiled up at his dark face as if she were mighty proud of herself, Lutane grunted in approval. Pulling out of Octavia, Lutane fell back onto the pillows of Neo and Milody's bed finding that sleep was fast approaching, he tapped his mate with his foot indicating her to join him. Neo smiled and merely watched as his new mate joined Lutane, curling up into him, they spooned each other. Milody joined Neo at the foot of their bed, watching the two drift off into restful sleep, they petted and kissed one another reassuringly and comfortingly.

"That was gorgeous Neo, I never thought this day would have come for you." whispered Milody softly.

"Yes, I am overjoyed that this will work. I do love her Milody. She is my nymph."

"I know Neo, she always has been. Come let's, let them rest for awhile. They are younger, stamina is not their forte just yet." returned Milody as she led the way back into the kitchen.

"I'm surprised either of them lasted as long as they did." commented Neo once they were out of whispering range.

"As am I. It was so hot to watch her take you, and then to see Lutane jump in and acknowledge that the three of you, well I mean that the four of us can actually have a mutual relationship with one another, that is much deeper then mere appearances." said Milody as she got a bottle of wine from the fridge. Neo grabbed a few glasses as she popped open the cork.

"Hmmm. Why did you not join us my love?" asked the man as he assisted her by pouring the wine.

"Because I do enjoy watching more then I would have participating. Three is a party but four, may have just been crowded. Besides I'd rather have you, and only you. You know that Neo." replied Milody as she took a sip of her glass.

"Yes I do know my Milody."

"Should we prepare a dinner for them, they will be famished once they awake?" inquired Neo.

"Yes, let's."

The couple worked on a simple dinner for their new loves, then they took a shower together. To reestablish their bond, to act as a loving couple would, comforting one another; removing all doubt that they belonged together. Afterwards they sat across from one another in the living room and read aloud to each other. Milody was just starting chapter twenty when Octavia and Lutane appeared from their nap-time.

"Ah here are the two lovebirds!" smiled Milody playfully as they sat next to her.

"Yes, I suppose we passed out, didn't we Lutane?"

"Mhm, we surely did my sweet." 

Octavia glanced at Neo, who was patiently waiting for her to notice him sitting on the other couch. She then looked at Lutane for permission, for he was the one who had first claim. Nodding gently Lutane smiled at her questioning eyes.

"Feel free to treat him as you would me, my Octavia. I believe that he and I, as males, have reached a mutual understanding about you." Lutane's voice was soft and comforting.

Octavia kissed Lutane long and deep before she scurried over to sit in Neo's lap.

"Well hello my tiny nymph." Neo chuckled softly as she planted herself directly into his lap, scooting her sweet ass into his pelvis, drawing her legs up to cross them; she looked like a little girl sitting in his lap. Neo warmly wrapped his strong arms around her, resting his mouth next to her ear.

"I love you Octavia." his voice sounded sure and true.

"As I love you Neo." she replied, it felt strange to say out-loud yet at the same time, it felt right in her heart.

"Did you like what happened earlier?" murmured Neo, his voice thickening with remembered feeling.

"Yes I did Neo. I liked how you felt, well actually I loved how you felt. And then Lutane joined and I truly felt... I felt." she paused unsure of how to put her feelings into words.

"Complete." offered Milody.

"Yes, yes I felt complete. The two of you offering yourselves to me, just as I offered myself to you... I felt completely safe and secure in both your arms." proclaimed Octavia. She wiggled slightly nestling her butt-ox into Neo's crotch, his soft pubic hair tickling her.

"Mmmm." moaned Neo as she wiggled.

"Good I'm glad to hear that from your own lips my sweet Octavia." answered Lutane.

"Mmmm be careful my tiny vixen, or I will be forced to show you a new kind of pleasure, earlier then I intended." cautioned Neo as she continued to tease his groin.

Lutane smiled knowingly. "Really? You plan on training her."

"Yes. Why not? Do you object? I realize it will take love, tender care, and time but I think she would take to it as well." replied Neo, looking up at Lutane.

"I don't object at all. In fact I think she would learn to love it. Seeing how she thoroughly enjoyed us today." said Lutane. Octavia looked from one man to the other, in pure curious confusion.

"They want to fuck you in the ass Octavia dear." supplied Milody gently.

"My ass.?" Octavia squeaked with uncertainty.

"Oh honey its okay, we will do it slowly, we will train your ass little by little before entering you back there." comforted Neo.

"Yes. Neo and I will show you how it is done. We have anal all the time." Milody jumped in.

"Okay." Octavia smiled, but seemed a tad frightened at the mere thought.

"Shhhh little nymph. I won't harm you. And if you do not like it we won't do it. I promise you this. I love you Octavia, I don't want to hurt you." Neo stroked her legs encouragingly. She snuggled closer to him, pressing into his big body.

"So, is anyone hungry?" chimed in Milody as she stood.

"I know I am." answered Lutane as he stood as well.

Neo carried Octavia in his arms as he followed them into the kitchen. Milody and Neo had laid a beautiful spread of bread and cheese, fresh tuna, fruits and vegetables on the island counter.

The four of them dug into the meal, filling their plates they then returned to the living room to replenish their bodies.

Soon after finishing their glorious meal, Milody ran to her bedroom then returned with a bottle of liquid, to Octavia it look thicker then water.

"Why don't the two of you settle down and enjoy yourselves." she purred as she approached Neo.

Neo chuckled softly as he noted the look of longing in Milody's eyes, it had been some time since he last opened her back door. Milody sank into his lap, straddling her mate she kissed him deeply, toying with his tongue.

Lutane and Octavia leaned into one another, to pet and stroke each other while they watched the other couple. 

Neo ran his hands up and down Milody's back while they tangled tongues, his fingers lingering on her ass cheeks the deeper they kissed. 

"Mmmmm so delicious my love. Do you want me to eat you?" murmured Neo as his index finger tapped at her anal pucker between her ass.

"Oh please do." moaned Milody, her voice jumped when he touched her pucker. She crawled onto the couch on her hands and knees, eagerly, playfully wagging her ass in his reach.

Neo got to his knees, smacking her ass softly before spreading the creamy globes to reveal her pink ass hole. Octavia felt Lutane open her knees as she sat next to him, scooting down so she could rest her feet on the edge, giving him access to her pussy and her own ass. Octavia hitched in a breathe as she realized Neo was going to eat Milody's ass....