 It was well past noon by the time the sun's rays entered through the little window and illuminated the feminine figure asleep on the pallet. The naked girl stirred and blinked at the sudden intrusion. She kicked off the torn blankets and rubbed her arms.

Tyra started to shiver in earnest as memories of the past night flooded back into her mind. Her throat burned from the bile raising throat rape she endured the night before and she could smell how terrible her breath was from licking her own bowels off of her rapists' cocks. She could remember them sticking their cocks up her ass and then in her mouth but, at the time, she could not taste it.

Tears slid down Tyra's cheeks as she began to sob aloud. Up until a night ago, she was just a nineteen year old serf conscript and she knew not what to make of all the emotions consuming her in the wake of her transformation and violation. "Curse you, Tyr," she cried aloud to herself, "for thinking you could become someone!"

Tyra cried and heaved deep, ragged breaths for a long time, huddled on the edge of the pallet. She was, in essence, still a serf boy, and she knew not one thing about the real world. Eventually, the grumbling in her stomach punched through her haze of misery and she resolved to search the small, two room house for food. Finding none, she remembered that her pack had food in it and was probably back in the basement where she was transformed.

Tyra got up on shaking legs and peered out the only window in the room. She could only recognize the place on the street where the werewolf fucked her. She had no idea where that basement and her pack were. Looking out, Tyra felt something was missing and she tried to concentrate over the loud rumbling of her stomach on what that was. After a while, she realized she could not tell which way was north.

Back when she was Tyr, she could always tell which way she was facing and she had a good sense of distances. Tyra shook her head and muttered, "Way back when..." in a bemused tone of voice. She looked over the shadows on the ground and thought she could identify east and west, but then she remembered she had no idea what time of day it was. She needed to step outside.

Her stomach painfully seconded that idea, so Tyra turned back to the pallet. She examined the blankets and picked up the one with the least holes in it and tore bigger the hole in its middle. She poked her head through the hole and wore the blanket as a tunic. She tore a strip from one of the other blankets and used it to cinch her tunic at the waist. After much internal deliberation, she decided the only way to reclaim her pack was to circle the palisade until she came by the house and, hopefully, recognized it. She had no idea which way was closest to the palisade, but, since it encircled the village, she reasoned all she had to do was go in a straight line until she came across it.

As soon as Tyra stepped out and squinted against the sun, she saw that the village was nowhere near as deserted as it was the night before. There were people about and they were all casting suspicious or leering glances her way. Her long legs were on open display and the holes in the blanket gave plenty of teasing glimpses of her bare flesh underneath. Tyra quickly ducked behind the corner, only to present herself to more eyes. The faces of the guards from last night came to her mind unbidden.

Tyra adopted a defensive crouch and began casting about for a weapon. She felt the bearded man's eyes on her behind so she ran across the street and darted down a side alley in a blind panic. Coming out of the alley, she saw a Guard uniform out of the corner of her eye, so she ran across the muddy street and down another alley. Bile rose in her throat again, as tears stung her eyes and the stench of her own shit hit her nose again.

Crying aloud, Tyra kept running in a blind panic, ignoring the villagers' and soldiers' disapproving looks, until she came across the only thing that could break her from her fit of madness.

Tyra's heels dug into the mud as she slid to a stop. She trembled with fresh fear, the nightmare of last night forgotten, as she slowly raised her eyes to look up at the enormous maw of the flaxen furred bear that stood before her. Tyr was a boy of above average height and Tyra inherited that height in her transformation, so she was actually very tall for a woman. Yet she had to tilt her head quite a bit upwards to see past the barred fangs, each the size of a dagger, to look upon the man perched atop the beast's back.

He wore plain robes with insignia that denominated him as a Royal Guard Battlecaster. Tyra closed her eyes in terror and started to pray quietly for a quick death. Tyra could tell the passage of time by the moist breath of the giant bear that was slowly and steadily breathing over her. After a minute, she heard the thud of boots in the mud, next to the bear and she peeked at it.

The mage was dismounted and digging into one of his pouches for the instrument of her murder or torture. She could hardly feel her shivering limbs, let alone command them to run. She looked in horror as he pulled out three little crystals, each smaller than a penny, and blew on them. Tiny orbs of warm light coalesced into being in the air above the palm of his hand and descended on the crystals, enlarging them and making them glow. When the glow faded, his hand barely contained three pieces of... Tyra guessed it was fruit, but she had never seen anything like it before.

He offered her the fruit. "I didn't need to cast a spell to hear your stomach grumbling," he said before gesturing above his bear, "even from such a height." Tyra regarded him varily, and he smiled, "Take them and eat them. You'll be refreshed."

The pain in her gut made Tyra reach out and daintily pick one up from the mage's palm. She brought it to her nose, closed her eyes and inhaled the scent. It was intoxicating and unlike anything she ever smelled as a boy on the fief. Her mouth was watering so she opened it and bit into the skin of the fruit. It was soft and her teeth bit through it without problem. The meat inside was soft and juicy, but not at all mushy like all the fruit Tyr ever ate in his life. She moaned involuntarily at the sweet taste. "For something that tastes this good," she thought to herself, "I'd whore myself out."

Tyra opened her eyes, blushed and looked at the mage in embarrassment. He smiled warmly and she swallowed her mouthful. "Thank you, sir," she said meekly.

"It's nothing," he said, still smiling.

Tyra stuffed half the fruit in her mouth and bit it off, chewing with delight at the juicy meat. She noted, after she swallowed her second mouthful, that her throat no longer burned, she was no longer thirsty and her stomach was doing the opposite of grumbling in hunger. She popped the last of the fruit in her mouth and gave it a few chews in delight. 

"Thank you," she said, while eyeing the remaining two indigo fruits.

The mage laughed and offered them to her again. Tyra took them both and ate them with obvious relish. As she was licking the last of the fruit juice from her thick, luscious lips, she realized she had never had such a fulfilling or tasty meal in Tyr's life before. She also realized she was still standing in front of a battlecaster of the Royal Guard, wearing only a ratty old blanket pressed into service as a tunic. "He must have had an eyeful," she thought.

"I'm heading back to camp," he said, "If you like, I could escort you to your own wagon."

Tyra remembered she still had the short hair she had as Tyr, and on a woman, hair that short was a mark of being unclean. "The mage must take me a whore," she thought, "He thinks I have a wagon rented among the camp followers." She heaved a sigh and nodded. If the mage got her safely out of the village and to the wagon trail of the camp followers, she might beg some clothes and food from the whores and be on her way to anywhere but there. "I would rather be skinned alive than stay one more minute in this thrice accursed village," she thought.

The bear crouched down low and lifted one of its front paws. The mage put one leg on the paw and leaped the rest of the way atop the bear's back. He turned around and extended a hand to Tyra.

"Uh, no thank you," said Tyra nervously, "I'd rather walk."

"Barefoot," inquired the mage, "In this mud?"

Tyra looked down at her feet that have all but disappeared in the mud.

"I promise you May is a very gentle creature," said the mage, patting the bear's flank. Tyra just mutely shook her head. "Very well," sighed the mage and slid down from the bear for the second time. He extended an arm to Tyra and gestured with his other hand, "The camp is this way."

Tyra refused the offered arm and walked alongside the mage in mute agony. The sheer ecstasy of having her hunger quenched so delightfully, was paling in comparison to the dread of walking alongside a Guard Battlecaster, closely followed by a gargantuan, blonde furred bear. "Are you one of Arliesle's girls," inquired the mage, after a long silence.

Tyra panicked anew. If this man got wind of anything suspicious about her, she couldn't hope to die fast enough. "Yes," she said, hoping to play along with his assumptions about her.

"Does Arliesle still do the Meereneese knot," he inquired.

"Um, yes," said Tyra.

"Did she teach you how to do it," he asked with obvious interest.

"Oh," exclaimed Tyra, "She did not. Not yet anyway." The conversation was playing havoc with Tyra's already frayed nerves.

"I'm certain she will soon," said the mage, as if they were old friends who had been taking confidences. The conversation died thereafter and their journey brought them out of the village and across a small field to the camp of the Royal Army. 

"The wagon train is yonder," pointed the mage, "but you must take delivery of a small parcel from me to Arliesle."

"Oh, no, no, I couldn't," Tyra protested feebly.

"Nonsense," exclaimed the mage, "You simply must! It is owed and overdue, and my obligations prevent me from visiting Arliesle's wagon as often as I would like. You must come with me to my tent and then take it to Arliesle. It's not heavy."

Tyra could find no way to excuse herself from the man's presence, so she mutely nodded and let herself be led through the army camp. The soldiers and Guardsmen alike scrambled out of their way. Tyra didn't know if it was in genuine fear of the mage, or of his bear, towering over the two of them. She did note that they were all too busy scrambling out of the way to even pay her, or her state of undress, any mind.

They soon came to a very large tent near the middle of the camp and the mage moved the flap aside and gestured Tyra in. Tyra took an apprehensive breath and ducked inside. The mage pulled a rope and a much bigger flap opened for the bear to fit through. As soon as the bear entered the tent, it began to glow.

Tyra gasped in amazement as the bear shrunk in size until its glow faded and left behind a naked girl, crouched at Tyra's feet. The girl sported a long mane of wavy, blonde hair that failed to cover her massive tits. As she stood up, Tyra was struck with amazement yet again, for the girl didn't even come up to Tyra's shoulders. Somehow, the fact that such a petite girl had turned into such a gargantuan bear, was more amazing to Tyra than the fact that the girl was turning into a bear in the first place.

The girl gave Tyra a winsome smile and a wink. Tyra blushed. The silence in the tent was deafening. She could hear her own heartbeat in her ears.

Tyra's mouth opened and closed as she struggled in vain to come up with anything to say, until the blonde reached up on tiptoes and cupped Tyra's face with her small hands. She ran her fingers over Tyra's chin, distracting her completely, before pulling her face down for a kiss.

The bear-girl's lips were so soft against Tyra's that she felt her knees go weak with delight. The feathery touch of the blonde's tongue against her lips was causing her insides to feel funny and fluttery. The girl's hands slid down Tyra's arms, tickling all the way, and then began to work at the knot in her belt. Tyra could remember when Tyr saw two girls bathe together in a pond and how much it turned him on that day. She was starting to feel the same right now.

Tyra stood up straight and looked to the mage, but his expression was unreadable to her. The bear girl pulled Tyra's face down again and said, "My name is Mary Anne and I'm going to make love to you. He's only going to watch."

Tyra could not see how two women could make love to one another, so she just stared dumbly at the girl as she undid her belt. Mary Anne stood back and gestured for Tyra to doff her blanket. As much as the girl's touch had turned her on, Tyra was still terrified of the mage watching them. "I thought your name was May," she said, trying to buy time, she knew not for what.

The blonde smiled a warm smile, "That's my bear name. When I'm a girl, I'm Mary Anne. Now take off this ratty blanket, girl!"

As soothing as Mary Anne's voice was, Tyra was still terrified. Tears welled in the her eyes. "What," she stammered, looking to the mage, "What of the package? Is it not overdue?"

The mage gave a grin and a dismissive snort and Mary Anne pulled on Tyra's chin again until their eyes met. "His package doesn't come into play today" she said, then shrugged and added, "And even if it did, what would be the harm in it?" She jumped up and latched on to the back of Tyra's neck with both hands and pulled her down for a kiss.

Tyra had never been kissed like that before, and she had never even imagined kissing could feel as good as this. Her hands sought out the blonde's soft flesh of their own accord. Soon, Tyra was surprised to feel her fingers squeezing and parting the pert globes of Mary Anne's ass. She squeezed the blonde tighter to her body with delight.

Mary Anne broke their kiss and moved her grip from Tyra's neck to the blanket and she ripped it as she fell back down to her feet. Tyra gasped and exclaimed, but Mary Anne continued her work until she tore the ratty fabric off of the brunette's body.

Mary Anne stopped and stared. Tyra could feel the girl's gaze roam all over her new, female body and she blushed furiously when she realized the girl and the mage both were looking upon her with hungry admiration. Mary Anne stepped back and admired the large, pert breasts on Tyra's body, then her eyes swept over her visible ribs to the corded muscles in her taut, indented belly. She touched Tyra's flared hips almost reverently, before letting her gaze linger on the brunette's long, shapely legs.

"You're beautiful," murmured the blonde, before lifting her gaze again, "And so tall. How tall are you? Never mind that, what is your name, gorgeous one?"

Mary Anne stepped closer and grabbed hold of Tyra's ass with both hands, kneading with just the right touch. "Hunh," grunted Tyra. She was being swept away by a deluge of primal lust. "I," she stammered, distracted by the blonde's hot breath between her breasts and her hands on her ass and those giant, green eyes gazing up at her in a way her old self could only dream of. "I, um, I'm, my name is Tyra," she finally got out and was rewarded by a bright smile from the blonde.

"Tyra," repeated Mary Anne, breathlessly. "Such a beautiful name. Fitting for such a beautiful girl like you." The blonde lay a sucking kiss between Tyra's breasts and Tyra moaned in appreciation. "I'm going to make love to you, Tyra," said Mary Anne and pulled the big girl to the bed.

Tyra cast a nervous glance at the mage who was sitting at his table and passively watching the proceedings. The blonde pulled Tyra to the big bed and bid her to sit upon it. As soon as Tyra's buttocks made contact with the silky sheets, her eyes closed and she moaned in delight. She had never had anything so smooth against her skin. She had no time to revel in the sensation as Mary Anne immediately attacked her mouth with her own.

Tyra let herself be kissed for a long while, feeling herself get more and more turned on with each passing moment. Mary Anne's hands massaged Tyra's breasts and played with her nipples and Tyra felt the familiar feeling of impending orgasm. Mary Anne pushed her to lie back down on the bed and knelt between her thighs that seemed to spread all on their own.

Mary Anne's hot breath preceded her wet tongue on Tyra's pussy and Tyra's traumatized mind soon let go of everything but the ecstasy between her legs. The blonde's tongue was touching every part of her with such precision and so deft a touch that Tyra began to buck her body and scream gutturally. The blonde was having a tough time keeping her hands on the brunette's tits to pinch and pull at her nipples.

Suddenly, thick ropes coiled around the brunette's limbs and pinned her to the bed, spread eagled. Her eyes opened and saw the mage was standing next to the bed. He smiled at her and said, "It's even better this way."

Tyra's body could only struggle to contain the mounting pressure inside her. Tyra's eyes closed and she climaxed like never before in her short life. The orgasm tore through her body with the strength of an avalanche and bounced back and forth between her breasts and pussy.

After a long, long while spent in ecstasy, the brunette opened her eyes and looked at the delicate face of her beautiful, blonde lover. Mary Anne's face showed a mixture of pride and delight. Tyra looked to the mage standing over her and her brow bunched in confusion at the look in his eyes.

"You're a liar," said the mage and thoroughly stunned Tyra. "Arliesle is the name of the girl I pined after when I was much younger." His voice took on a wistful quality as he continued, "I've asked and asked, but there are no whores following this camp that go by that name. I have to pay them to pretend it's their name and I have to repeat it to them over and over again. There is no Arliesle anywhere near here. Who are you working for?"

Tyra could only gape in horror. No lie came to mind. Her options were telling everything right away and being carted off to be publicly tortured to death, or resisting the interrogation for as long as she could, and then getting tortured to death publicly. Tears streaked down the sides of her face as she stared pleadingly at the blonde.

"Mary Anne," said the mage, "torture the truth out of this girl."

To Tyra's horror, her blonde lover smiled a beaming smile and exclaimed, "Yes, sir," in delight. "You are going to love this," she said to Tyra and bent down to kiss her nipple. Much to Tyra's confusion, the blonde did nothing wrong to her, quite the opposite, she started to make love to her again.

Tyra begged for mercy as Mary Anne's hands ran all over her skin, inciting another bout of lust and pleasure in her, and soon, the blonde's face descended between her legs and began to drive her inexorably to yet another orgasm. Tyra began to beg Mary Anne not to stop as she came ever closer to yet another explosion of pleasure. Just as she came to within a lick of coming, Mary Anne backed off.

Tyra let out an animal growl of frustration and her hips lifted off the bed by inches, trying to reclaim the touch of Mary Anne's tongue once again. Mary Anne just smiled and stroked up and down the inside of Tyra's thighs. She shook her head and responded to Tyra's wordless, pleading wail with, "Nuh-uh, not until you tell the truth, beautiful."

Tyra took some deep breaths to calm her racing heart and looked at the mage. "Is this supposed to be torture," she inquired with venom born of frustration.

The mage just smiled and waggled his fingers behind himself. A chair skittered across the packed dirt floor and stopped right behind him. He sat down and made a show of making himself comfortable. He gazed lovingly at Mary Anne and said to Tyra, "Mary Anne's the best at gauging the pleasure of others. I can't tell you how often she had me tied down like you are now, and teased me to madness."
