 Part One - Jack.

The house was quiet. It stood in the middle of a remote cornfield in Iowa. It's occupants had all turned in several hours ago. The Woods were a good wholesome family. Father Jack worked on a local cattle farm. The mother, Cherry, was a secretary in the local town at a small legal firm. Their children were Paul, 21, back and visiting from Purdue University; Richard, 19, who was attending the local technical college; and Rosy and Wanda, both 18 and just having graduated high school. Also living with them was Cherry's father, Roger.

Everything was totally silent until, quite suddenly, one of the car alarms started to screech in the garage. Jack sat upright in bed, the sheets falling away from his muscular chest. "What the fuck?" He called out, almost despite himself. Jack was not a guy given to swearing but being startled out of sleep was one of the things he hated most in the world. "Shit damn!" He said.

Cherry, laying next to him and suddenly uncovered by his move, blinked her eyes open. "What's up, Jack?"

"The damn car alarm." He cursed, hopping out of bed. "I'm willing to guess it is probably Paul's. He's been rather forgetful since he came back from college." Searching around he found his boxer shorts from the day before laying on the ground. He pulled them on roughly, feeling the material rip in his shaking hands. "Oh fuck it!"

"Jack, language! The kids might hear."

"They'll hear if I find out it's one of their cars!" He said, stomping over to the door and wrenching it open. Jack was a very strong guy, and Cherry had to admire the shape of his muscles in the light from the fish tank and he swore his way out into the hallway.

The Woods lived in a big old farmhouse, renovated by Jack twenty years ago. A hallway ran along the length of the top floor with the stairs at the end. Jack and Cherry had the far end bedroom and so Jack had to pass all of the kids' doors as he creaked along the corridor. The light under grandfather Roger's door was out - the guy could have slept through the blitz, Jack knew. Richard's light was on but his door was shut, and Jack could hear low music coming from inside. Paul's was likewise dark. As he walked past Rosy and Wanda's room the door cracked open. "What's up pa?" A voice asked.

"Someone obviously left their car door cracked and their alarm is going off. Can't you hear that?"

"Yeah," The voice replied. "We were scared. I thought I heard someone moving about out there. I was awake but Wanda was asleep."

"It's okay just go back to sleep. I'll have a good look around I promise." Rosy was a bit of a worrier when it came to things like this, Jack knew. She was a very light sleeper and... Jesus! She was obviously sleeping naked nowadays! Her slim willowy form, framed by a dark curtain of hair, was clearly visible through the open door. "Go back to sleep, Rosy, and for God's sake put some clothes on!" He hissed.

Down the stairs and into the kitchen, Jack grabbed all the car keys from the rack. The whistling of the alarm had stopped now but he knew it would only take a passing freight train to set it off again. Pulling on his overcoat and a baseball cap he wandered out barefoot into the yard.

Wow, he thought to himself, the stars sure are beautiful tonight. He promised himself he would spend more time outside at night over the next week. He had once been a very devoted astronomer, but since he had met his wife he had been rather distracted in the evenings. She liked to screw every night before bed and he couldn't say he was complaining. Hey, maybe she'd be up for some alfresco action?

Walking over to the cars he checked each door and trunk. Nothing. They were all tight shut. Luckily the moon was very bright tonight and there were no shadows in the yard. Looking around he gave a quick check for intruders but there was nothing again. His mind flashed to his daughter and her fears...

...her naked body silhouetted in the doorway, boobs small but high set and firm, nice wide hips, the smooth skin of her lower belly and...

...and he wondered why she was so paranoid. Shrugging, he sat up on the low wall next to the slab of parking concrete. Pulling his cell phone from his overcoat he made a quick call to their bedroom line.

"Hello?" It was Cherry.

"Cherry, I'm going to sit out here watch for intruders for a bit. I'll be up in an hour or so." He replied. The wall was nice and comfortable, and he really wanted to watch the stars.

"Okay, just stay warm." She whispered, then even lower: "Because I am."

He laughed softly, making sure she heard it, and then flipped the phone closed. His eyes lifted to the heavens and the moon that hung there, bright and full.

Hold on, wasn't it...? And so the moon should be...? And the moon did not move nor get bigger or indeed...

The light flashed brightly and Jack's eyes filled with white light. He felt his strong body go weak and he fell off the wall to the dusty apron of concrete. He remembered nothing more.