 Chapter 1 

Trissieal flapped her long white feathered wings, gliding over the beautiful white puffy clouds below. There was nothing but clouds for several miles. There were other Angels like her flying over the clouds of Paradise and many of them greeted her, bowing their heads to their Queen. Also, walking atop the solid clouds were the guards of Paradise, the Titans. However, she knew that Paradise didn't truly need protectors. After all, who would dare to break into Paradise and try to hurt anyone? That would be a suicide run if she'd ever heard one. 

She was a tall, around five foot ten or eleven, and voluptuous Angel. She hand long fire red hair that fell to the middle of her back unrestrained and moon silver eyes that glowed out of an ivory; girlishly beautiful face. She wore a long sleeve white tunic with gold embroidery around the collar, cuffs, and chest of her tunic, and a pair of white velvet slippers on her dainty feet. Her wingspan was as large as she was tall and they were powerful, but she was nowhere near being the most beautiful Angel in Paradise. However, she was the only one that had been picked by the King and had become the Queen of Paradise. 

At the thought of King Loki, she sighed and shook her head. She knew that she should be happy that the King had chosen her for his bride, but she wasn't. She'd been married to the man for over a century and still she felt nothing for him. When she'd first married him, she'd told herself that she would learn to love him and everything would be fine. However, it was more than one hundred years later and still she felt nothing for the man. It wasn't his fault because he was a perfectly nice man, but she just didn't love him and there was no reason for her not to. Well, except for one and she had a feeling that that one reason was the real reason that she had never fallen in love with Loki. 

The Angel Queen glided over the clouds a little slower now as she fell into her thoughts and she didn't see anything even as she dodged past the other Angels that flew above the clouds as well. Shortly after she'd been chosen as the King's bride, she'd taken a trip to the Mortal Plane and it had been there that she had met someone that she could lose. However, it was forbidden for two reasons. The first reason was that she was already married and the vows of an Angel couldn't be broken no matter what. The second reason was that the man that she'd fallen in love with was not of the Mortal Plane, but of the Abyss. Simple translation, he was a Demon. 

Trissieal didn't dare think his name for fear of someone hearing it. There were several Psionics among the Angel and Titan ranks with the specialty of reading minds. However, there was a law that prevented the Psionics from reading the minds of others without their consent and anyone that betrayed that law was executed. Once the law had been put into place, they had stopped invading one another's privacy and not one had been executed for the crime. Some had come close, but not one of them had been killed and she felt relieved over that. She wasn't one of those Psionics, but she was able to put a mental wall in front of her thoughts to protect herself. 

The Angel knew that mental wall was the only thing that kept her safe and she was glad for it. Then, her thoughts turned to her son and she clenched her jaw. Nykrian was the most precious thing in her life and she would destroy anyone who dared to attempt to harm him. She knew that her son was far more powerful than herself and that he could defend himself perfectly, but it was her maternal instinct that made her want to protect him. There was only one thing that she didn't like and that was her son's emotionless all the time. It bothered her for some reason, though she couldn't put her finger on as to why. 

The Prince had been trained by the best of the best and it showed when he sparred. Granted, he might never need his skills, but he still drove to be the best. It was his goal and one that he was easily meeting. He could defeat up to ten Titans at a time now and that was a feet no Angel was capable of, no matter how powerful. Not even Loki was capable of such a feat, but it was just that that worried her. After all, if he became too powerful then people might start to ask questions and the fact that he looked nothing like Loki would probably come up. That would not be the best question to come up because she wouldn't be able to answer with all honesty that Nykrian was indeed Loki's son. 

The Angel Queen began to fly in a circle in the air, slowly descending towards the clouds. Being an Angel, she would be able to set foot on the clouds and not fall through. Anyone who wasn't suppose to be there would fall through the clouds and into the Mortal Plane. It was the Mortal Plane that the Angels and Titans watched over. However, they couldn't influence the Mortal Plane in any way unless they left Paradise and there power was greatly diminished whenever they left Paradise. There power was stripped low so the Mortal Plane could handle their level of power. Angels and Titans were just short of beings Deities after all and the Mortal Plane couldn't handle Gods walking the planet. 

Trissieal felt her slipper clad feet touch the clouds and it remained like a pedestal instead of her falling through. She tucked her long white feathered wings tightly against her back and she ran a hand through her long red hair. She shouldn't have been thinking about the things that she was thinking of, but for some reason, she simply couldn't help it. It had been a long time since she'd thought of the early days and the true parentage of her son. If Nykrian were to ever find out that he was only half Angel and that his other half was Demon, she feared that he would hate her and he would have every right to. After all, she'd lied to him his entire life and that was the ultimate betrayal. However, that wouldn't stop her love for her son. She would always love him, no matter what. 

The Angel looked off in the distance and a smile broke over her face when she saw the structure in the distance. It was the only building in all of the cloud filled Realm of Paradise and so it stuck out like a sore thumb. However, because of it's beauty, many loved it and called the place home. The estate was sprawling and constructed of gold like it were stone. It was several hundreds of stories high with a powerful spire in the very center which hinted at the inner sanctum and she knew that all the Realms power resided in that one place. In front of the estate was white marble platform, and even though most didn't know why that existed, she did. It was for when an Angel or Titan was being cast out after their wings had been clipped.  

To become a Fallen Angel was a shameful and horrible thing. It marked you as the ultimate criminal to the Angel Courts and everyone had contempt, if not outright hatred, for you. To become a Fallen, you had to go beyond even Treason where death wasn't punishment enough for you. The King himself presided over the clipping of the wings of the Fallen, but he didn't have to do it very often. However, no one would guess that he secretly enjoyed it, but she knew because she knew her husband. When your wings were clipped, your Angelic power was stripped at the same time, and even though you still had your wings when on the Mortal Plane, your power was nearly non existent compared to what it had been before, though still more powerful than most mortal beings. 

The Angel Queen frowned when she watched a large contingent of Titan guards leaving the large double doors of the palace and they seemed ready to go to war. What was going on that she hadn't been told about? She hated it when her husband left her out of things to protect her and she wasn't going to have it. She began to walk, striding towards the Titans, and much to her surprise, they didn't slow or try to avoid her. In fact, they walked faster towards her and their faces were empty of all emotion. Then, the Titans had surrounded her before she knew it and she frowned as she looked around at them, wondering just what the hell was going on. 

It was completely unheard of for the Titans to act this way with an Angel unless ordered to do so by the Angel King himself. If that was true, then why would they be acting this way towards her? She was their Queen for Gods sake! She looked to the Titan directly in front of her, looking straight into the face that was empty of all emotion and his eyes were similarly devoid of all emotion. He vaguely reminded her of her son, but this man was merely cold and not protecting himself. She wanted answers and she was going to get them, no matter what. 

"What is the meaning of this?" Trissieal asked in an annoyed; haughty voice. She didn't usually use that tone, but this was definitely a special circumstance. She could feel the other Titans that surrounded her shifting anxiously, obviously not wanting to be where they were. However, the one that she was staring right at and giving the full strength of her glare seemed unfazed by her anger. She straightened her spine and she raised her head to hold it in a regal stance, waiting for him to answer. 

"Queen Trissieal, you are to be brought to King Loki under chains. If you resist, the use of lethal force is authorized. So please, come peacefully." the Titan replied, his voice empty of all emotion. He didn't seem to care one way or another about what he was saying and that was what made him a good Titan guard. They couldn't afford to allow their emotions to get in the way and this man wasn't allowing his personal feelings towards her - if he had any - to get in the way of his performing his duties. However, she was outraged by his words and she found herself wondering as to why she would be detained at the behest of her husband. 

The Angel Queen knew that she could probably break free and attempt to escape. However, she knew that that wouldn't be the best thing for her to do. Whatever she was charged with might not be that bad, but fleeing was even worse. Plus, fleeing was resisting and he'd told her that they would kill her if she resisted. She didn't like it, but she had no choice and she knew that she had to give in. She nodded her head in acquiescence of his orders and she waited for what he would do. He reached behind his back, pulling out a pair of iron bracelets that she knew were magicked to contain her. She held out her hands obediently and he snapped the iron bracelets around her slender wrists. 

The Titan nodded his head and he turned around sharply. Then, he walked ahead of her and she felt the other Titans walking beside her, driving her on. She knew that she had no choice so she began to walk and she felt her chest tightening with her worry. What could she possibly be charged with that would warrant such actions against her? Surely she hadn't done anything that warranted this treatment of her. Then, a thought occurred to her and she cringed, secretly hoping that she was wrong, but it was the only thing that she could think of that was relevant of her actions. This was more than likely over her son and his true heritage. However, she wouldn't confess to it until she heard the actual charges. No reason to out herself without knowing first what she was charged with. 

As she was drawn closer to the palace - the place that she'd called home all of her life - Trissieal felt her spine grow ramrod straight and her pride fill her. If she was going down, then she was going down with pride. She wouldn't bend a knee to her husband and apologize. After all, to apologize would to apologize for Nykrian's birth and she wouldn't do that. He was the best thing that had come into her life and she would never apologize for him, no matter what. 

With resolve filling her, the Angel Queen stepped up onto the marble platform in front of the palace and the Titans lead her towards the palace doors. They lead her towards her future. 

XXXXXXXXXX 

Trissieal stood in her room, her hands chained together with the iron bracelets and she stared out the tempered glass window upon the clouds of Paradise. Hours had passed, but still it was daylight outside. Angels didn't need any sleep even though they did often indulge in it, and because of this, it was perpetual daylight all the time. However, there was no sun in the sky. The light came from the power of all Angels and Titans within the Realm of Paradise along with the power of their ultimate God, the Sun God, Ra. However, their God didn't live among them and chose instead to give them full reign over Paradise with only a cursory eye every now and again watching over them. 

Ra, the God of the Sun, was the oldest and most powerful of the Gods of Light. He'd presided over the other Gods of Light since time began and he'd been the one to call them all too order so they could create. It was because of Ra that life began on every single Plane of existence that there was and everyone venerated him for that. No matter if one world was destroyed, he would still have another planet or Realm full of followers. He was a kind God, and even though he never appeared upon the Mortal Plane, those who lived upon the Mortal Plane knew that he existed. 

The Angel Queen had been brought to her room immediately without any sort of explanation. She'd asked for one, but she hadn't got what she wanted. She was no longer seen as their Queen. She was under suspicion for something and they wouldn't even tell her what it was. No, instead they told her that King Loki would be the one to inform her of the charges against her. After all, it had been King Loki who had levied the charges against her in the first place. It was because of this that she was nearly one hundred percent certain as to what the charges were. 

There wasn't much that she could've done so she was one hundred percent certain what the charges were. She sighed and her shoulders slumped in defeat. The only question she had in her mind was how. How had he discovered that Nykrian wasn't his? She'd managed to keep it from him for over one hundred years and she'd never slipped, not once. Of course, it was quite obvious from his looks that he wasn't Loki's child. After all, what was the chance of two redheads having a boy with midnight black hair? Nykrian did have her moon silver eyes, but his coloring was also like his real fathers. Then, there was his power and sheer force of will. That was a dead giveaway to anyone looking and she knew that many people had been investigating it over the years, though they'd mostly kept silent in public about it. 

The Angel turned from the window when she heard the sound of the door to her room opening. She knew that someone wouldn't just come to the room of the accused so she knew that it had to be someone come to get her. Standing in the doorway was the original Titan who had arrested her and dragged her to her room, placing a guard outside the room so she wouldn't flee. His being here could only mean one thing: they were ready for her presence. 

Trissieal took a deep breath and let out a long; slow breath to steady her nerves. Then, she blanked her features of all emotion and she walked across the floor of her room towards the Titan. The guard stepped aside to allow her to step out of the room into the hallway, but he didn't move to free her of her shackles. After all, she was still a prisoner in her own home and that wasn't going to change right away. No, she was going to be escorted to the audience chamber more than likely and face her supposed crimes. They weren't crimes that truly brought bodily or spiritual harm, but it did bring emotional harm, though little it probably was when it came to her husband. 

The Titan closed the door to her room and he walked in front of her, leading her down the empty hallway. The floors were covered in a thick plush dark colored carpet, and while she walked, she ignored the heavy tapestries that decorated the walls. The Angel had seen them too many times and she knew them well. They were mostly paintings that showed the battles that Loki had gone through, but there were others of the Gods of Light with Ra at the forefront of those paintings. Showing love for one's patron God - and in their case, creator - was something that they could all agree with, no matter if you were an Angel, Titan, or one of the beings of the many other Realms. 

Before she knew it, they were in front of the double doors that lead into the audience chamber. The Angel Queen could sense her husband on the other side of the door and she could sense his anger. However, she could also sense her son, and like always, she was unable to feel anything from him. He was one of the most closed off people that she'd ever known and that reflected even in his dangerous aura. His aura was nothing like the man that had thought for one hundred years that he was his father, but it had taken her husband many years before he'd finally managed to figure it out. Oh well, things had to come to a head. 

The Titan Guard pushed open the double doors and he stepped aside, allotting her to go inside alone. The Angel looked at the man before she stepped into the room and her foot steps echoed off of the white marble of the room. The doors closed behind her and she knew that they would be locked, preventing any escape. However, she would've never attempted to escape. She walked swiftly to the center of the room and she stopped there, looking up at her husband sitting upon his throne. At each window that looked out upon the Realm of Paradise, there was a Titan Guard who was armored and well armed. They would prevent anyone from escaping here. 

She turned her head and she looked upon Nykrian who stood beside the dais, but he was facing the throne as well, his back to her, but he seemed to be on trial as well. He was tall, around six foot five, and muscular. He had long midnight black hair that fell just past his shoulders in a high ponytail and moon silver eyes that glowed out of a bronze; emotionless face. He wore a long sleeve black leather tunic, skin tight black leather pants, knee high black leather boots, and a black leather belt with a Devablade sheathed at both of his hips. 

Devablades were powerful weapons that were forged of the holy light itself and had the ability to slice through everything no matter what, Demons especially. The handles of the Devablades were cylindrical and silver. The hilt was a thin piece of silver that ran horizontally and the blades were about two feet long. The blade was doubled sided and razor sharp. A Devablade was coveted by it's wielder, but Angels were mostly the one's that used the weapons and Titans used broadswords or battleaxes. 

Trissieal turned her eyes away from them and he raised his eyes to her husband sitting upon his throne, taking in his features. He was short, around five foot five, and slender. He had short dark red hair that he wore swept back from his forehead and glowing blue eyes set in an ivory; regal face. The King wore a long sleeve white tunic with golden fastenings up the front, loose fitting white trousers, ankle high black leather boots, and a black leather belt with a broadsword sheathed at his left hip. 

She knew Loki quite well and she knew that it wasn't his broadsword that she had to worry about if it came down to it. No, she would have to worry about his spells which ranged from healing the most grievous of wounds to the most tormenting bone breaker spell. Loki was a powerful Mage and he'd never hesitated when he needed to use his spells to drive back warriors from attacking him. There were murals to him deeply entrenched in battle hanging on the walls of this palace and she was sure there were some on the Mortal Plane as well, but they probably didn't understand the significance of the painting they held. 

"You have been brought here to be brought up on charges that I myself am levying against you." King Loki said, his voice empty of all emotion. Then, he placed his hands on the arms of his throne and he pushed to his feet. He straightened the cuffs of his tunic and he raised his chin in a regal manner. He made no move towards her, but that wasn't what was on her mind. No, what was on her mind was trying to slow her heart before it pounded out of her chest. She felt like her heart was about to break free of her chest, but she knew that was impossible. "The charges are as followed: deception of the Crown and placing a false Heir in hopes to usurp the Realm of Paradise." 
