 Ullah 
A Gorean Slave Girl
The Golden Bina Paga Den

The story of Ullah is one of a slave girl located upon the planet Gor, written of by John Norman. Gor is a planet where men are dominant and women are subservient. Only a small population of the women are technically slaves and Ullah is among them. It is a culture loosely based on Roman times and is fairly barbaric. Thank you and I hope you enjoy this story. Feedback is more than welcome! This is my very first attempt at a story submission...

"Please, may I be of service to you, Master?" she asked quietly, her tone a dulcet purr. 

She was Ullah, one of the slaves that served at The Golden Bina, a paga den located in the middle of the city of Tor. She had leaned down to speak her question to the large, muscular man of the Warrior's caste, as evidenced by his crimson sash and his scimitar sheathed over his shoulder. She found him very attractive, the sweat of his day still upon him and the gleam in his black eyes as he drank from his mug. And when his hand reached up with decided swiftness to fist within the rioting fall of her inky hair, she whimpered in both surprise and pleasure, the tug pulling at her scalp. Her pulse quickened beneath her skin and she hugged the jug of paga that she carried close to her flat belly so it would not spill. The sudden shift caused by his grip forced the slave girl to her knees and she flushed beneath the warrior's study.

She was beautiful, indeed, as were many of the kajira, or slaves, on Gor. It was the whim of a man to enslave a woman and that happened particularly often when the woman was pretty. Upon her knees and hugging the large pitcher of paga, a distilled and alcoholic beverage, the girl was a most sensual sight to behold. The girl had skin that was bronzed and smooth, glistening faintly with oils she had rubbed into her tender skin until she gleamed beneath the light of the lamps in the tavern. Her body was long and lithe, sleekly muscled with delicious curves and hollows. Her hair was long, as was the fashion for slaves, unbound and tumbling to her waist in wild fashion, a vivid shade of ink. It was her face that was most stunning in the faded light of the paga den. Delicate lines drew a tender image of femininity and carnal knowledge with her jaw just strong enough to seem arrogant and her lips full, soft, and faintly curved with some womanly secret. Ullah's eyes were dark, nearly the color of night, almost cat-like with their almond shape. Today for serving, she had been allowed to wear bangles of cheap copper at her wrists and ankles, a swatch of canary yellow silk tied at her curved hips to hide the dark triangle of glossy curls and her taut ass. The silk was the only garment she wore, leaving her high, pert breasts bare to the patrons of The Golden Bina. It was her collar, a band of black steel around her neck, that marked her a slave girl. And now as the man watched her closely, dusky nipples began to harden with her mounting arousal.

"P-please, Master..." her whimper came quietly from lips she had moistened with the tip of her tongue, jet eyes gleaming with her plea. Ullah had started her offer to the warrior in confidence that she could seduce him and earn a few coppers for the Tavern Master but now, those thoughts had quickly flown away from watching the way the warrior studied her body with a long and lazy gaze.

"Come."

It was but a single word that rumbled from the man but she did not even think to disobey him. In fact, she couldn't have because as she attempted to scramble to her feet with delicate grace, setting the jug of paga upon the surface of the low table, the man then grabbed her at her narrow waist, slinging her up with an ease that made her belly tighten. She found herself thrown over his broad shoulder, face down and with her ass pointed high, barely veiled in that layer of sheer, yellow silk. She nearly squealed in delight, smothering her flushed face into the material of his tunic, breathing his scent in as her skin tingled. Her ebony hair nearly skimmed the floor as she rocked her sinuous hips against his shoulder, delighting in the feel of him as he carried her across the room. Ullah paid little attention when he exchanged coins with the Tavern Keeper and then mounted the stairs to the private alcove above. Her hands smoothed over his back as she shivered, almondesque eyes of night shutting as she imagined him taking her. And to think, so many months ago, she had been a prudish little woman from earth. Now, she was a slave girl, enamored with her state.

The man brushed aside the curtain to the alcove with a shove of his hand, revealing an intimate space that Ullah knew well. The alcoves could be rented out by patrons to use the slave girls in privacy. The room was small, perhaps ten feet by ten, the floor covered in a variety of animal pelts and pillows strewn about. A tharlarion lamp cast a golden light in the room and upon a low table rest a tray of several oils and other favors that some patrons enjoyed. Also mounted on the wall of the alcove was a rack containing a variety of instruments that might be used for a slave, including a small kurt, or slave whip, slave bracelets, ankle bracers, and other implements. All this was for the pleasure of the patron, if it was his pleasure. But, of course, one could always use a slave below in the main room. It was often done. 

Ullah grunted quietly when she felt her body topple from its high place on his shoulder to the cushioned floor of the alcove. Where his arm had anchored her, the skin tingled with a kinetic energy, goosebumps drawn upon tender flesh. As she turned upon her hip to look up at his dark, handsome face, tendrils of midnight slithered over her shoulder to reveal her breasts, pert and tipped with hard nipples, her quickening breathing causing the heavy flesh to bounce faintly. The man crouched down beside her, taking her ankle with his calloused hand and reaching for the iron ankle cuff attached to the floor. With a shiver drawn by the cold steel, it was locked around the slave girl's ankle, anchoring her in the alcove. She could not help but groan softly in pleasure from that simple gesture, greedy eyes watching him. He smiled to her, a dark expression, as his gaze licked up and down her sinuous, female body, stretched and prone for him. Goosebumps had stolen over her dark hued skin, her breasts straining through the spider web of her black hair and the swatch of silk was nothing but a tease over her hips and sex.

She leaned back upon her elbows, her back arching slightly as she preened for his hungry eyes, drawing her tongue along the lush swell of her lower lip. Her breathing was not steady but she saw that neither was his, despite his stoic presence. Ullah pointed her toes, dragging them through the soft downy of the furs that covered the floor and she parted her coltish legs slowly, forcing the clinging material that covered her hips to slink up honeyed thighs, revealing the shadow of her arousal. The light from the tharlarion lamp was bright enough to reveal a glisten upon her silken, inner legs as slim hips pumped up just slightly in taunt to the woman. It was now that Ullah had her power back, as a slave girl to seduce him. He merely watched her in his crouch and seemed to express nothing. But she saw his eyes brighten and his breathing quicken as her fingertips grazed her slender sides, dancing over silken flesh towards her own breasts. She released a quiet moan as her head tipped back, a tumble of wild midnight tumbling on the floor from her hair. The moan might just have been for his sake if she had not felt the genuine spike of pleasure when her fingertips teased over her hard, dusky nipples. Her onyx eyes shut slightly in a hooded expression but she watched him almost slyly beneath darkened lush, her fingertips toying with the hard buds of her nipples. Tugging, twisting, flicking...causing a swelling of flesh and a roaring of her pulse. Heat coiled within her belly as she watched him and played with herself, for his pleasure. And her own.

She whimpered quickly as her left hand slid down from a heavy breast, seemingly of its own accord. Her right hand continued its task of caressing when her left snaked down...down over the flat span of her belly, pushing the delicate silk of yellow down and deftly unfastening the knot that held it in place. The material slithered from her body with a shiver, leaving her bare and stretched, taut for him. Those sleek legs splayed wider, the shadow fading from the triangle of her femininity to reveal again glossy dark curls and sweet flesh glistening with her passion. A groan caught within her throat and her slim hips twisted towards that seeking hand and for an instant, greedy fingers found what they searched for, gliding over the delicate nub of her clit, driving a shudder down the sinuous slave girl's spine. 

She had not forgotten about him but when his hand clamped like steel around her left wrist, she drew in a sharp breath, cat-like eyes of night snapping open upon his looming visage. He was so handsome, with sharp features and black hair, his expression hard but so hot beneath his cool exterior. He was built like a god, a man that made her quiver just to look upon him. And now that he touched her, pinning her beneath his shifting weight, shoving her back into the furred floor, she nearly dissolved. She cried out sharply and twisted beneath him, clawing at his tunic to pull it from his chest. His low laughter almost infuriated her, a contrast of calm to her own fever. Anger glinted within her own black eyes as she looked up to him but he allowed her to pull his tunic free and cast it aside, a task that was complicated by her trembling hands. His chest was scarred from battle and she shivered when she saw it, delighting in his strength. His laughter faded when she reached for his belt, deftly unfastening the leather and then his breeches were shoved down over his hips, releasing his own hardness, his cock slipping out to rest like hot iron against her flat stomach.

Their groans mixed together for the first time as her back arched, letting his arousal slide against her stomach, smooth like silk, delighting in the friction. The precum was silver and slick against her body as they ground together for a blissful instant. Then, his hand was gripping her thigh, sliding down to hold her behind the knee, lifting her long leg and parting her sleek thighs. Tight curls of her sex rubbed at his cock as she thrust up blindly with a whimper, her full breasts swaying from side to side as she twisted. He grinned down at her but obsidian eyes had glossed over, her body lost to the pleasure that was being found. His body was hot, hard, and looming above her and she shivered in delight at the sensation, the weight of the chain upon her ankle a sweet reminder. Her face flushed and her breathing dragged as he arched his hips back to allow the blunt head of his cock to tease over her glossy pussy. He toyed with her, drawing out the torture, his hand holding her leg high and the other gripping her ass, fingers sinking hard into the taut flesh of her cheek there. The folds of her sex were wet around him, seeking to grip and drag him inside as her hips rolled in silent beckoning. Her hands gripped at his shoulders, nails digging into his scarred skin.

"Please..!"

The cry was hoarse from her lips, hating him for his teasing. Then came his chuckle again, low and mocking. He did not enter her with a sharp and thrusting drive, but with a slow languidity that turned her to molten heat. The head of his cock teased its way between the lips of her pussy and slowly sinking into the hot depths of her body. Inch by inch, and shallow thrusts that drove her mad, he teased until he was fully inside of her, stretching her, his balls resting against her ass. It was a throaty sound of pleasure as she ground her hips up against him, rubbing her clit against his pelvis, the feel of the furs to her back a wonderful contrast to the hard man. She felt divine as she arched up to meet strokes, driving into her with accuracy and demand. Her body gripped his cock like a greedy glove of liquid heat, squeezing every vein and bump as she arched up, hard nipples grazing his chest. She smothered her groan into his neck as she felt her pulse beat away. His hips sawed up and down, driving his arousal in and own with a quickening pace. She heard his breathing going ragged and it made her stomach tighten in delight, her body singing.

Suddenly, the room was tilted and turned and for an instant, he was out of her leaving her pussy empty and aching, reddened from use and eager for more. With demanding hands, he turned her, rolling her upon her belly in a twist of her ebony hair and with a shudder of delight, she caught in quickly. Her knees found purchase in the furs and she rested her weight upon her hands, peeking back over her slim shoulder to him while swaying her tight ass towards him. He leaned forward, on his knees behind her, to fist his hand in the dark mass of her hair, pulling tightly and sharply, drawing her head back in a jerk. The pain was arousing and sweet, drawing a quick sting of tears to her eyes and a groan of pleasure, her pert breasts heavy beneath her, taut nipples almost grazing the furs on the floor. The position arched her back, further thrusting her ass out towards him, her pussy gaping, open, and still slick, as well as the tiny, dark rosebud clenching to him. The pressure still at her scalp from his grip, she heard him growl behind her and the fingers of his free hand gripping the curve of her hip, drawing her back.

With another sharp, jerking motion, his cock was sliding into her wet, tight body once more. His hips thrust forward to cause his dick to slice into her body, penetrating deeply from the different angle and drawing a moan from the caught slave. She ground her hips back in response as his hand drifted down and ground, his fingers playing over the hard nub of her clit. The pace had quickened and deepened with an animal demand, bodies slicked with sweat and shivering. Ullah felt her body tightening with its drawing need, her pussy clenching at his cock, as if begging him not to pull out with each departing gesture he made. His fingers were moist from her drooling cunt as his hand moved again, this time to tease over the tight rosebud of her quivering ass. The slave buckled as if struck but it was a sound of pure pleasure that spilled from her lips, drawing a strained grin from the warrior who was slicing in and out of the hot, wet slave girl's pussy. 

He toyed with her ass for an instant before his lubricated thumb pressed, squeezing past the tight muscles and jolting those sensitive nerves. Her back arched sharply in delight as she ground back against him, now panting. His pace did not cease, slamming against her, his balls now bouncing against her clit, his own breathing growing ragged as he felt her pussy clench his cock. She was excited and exciting! The muscles of her ass clenched around his thumb as he tormented her. His hips began to rotate slightly, driving even deeper into her eager peach and suddenly, it all overcame her. She buckled and shouted, tossing her head back as much as his hand would allow, and she exploded. Her orgasm squirted around him, further slickening his sawing dick and sleek muscles clenched around him in spasms that were fierce and rapid, her ass muscles trembling around his thumb. It was too much for him as well, this delectable torture and with a strangled groan and sharp thrusts, semen spurted in silver ropes over the girl's golden flesh after he pulled out, grinding between her taut ass cheeks. The cum landed in hot streaks over her ass and her back as the slave shivered with lingering spasms. The warrior groaned as the final jet landed over her thigh and for a moment, he sagged against the limp, panting slave.

After the passing of several moments, her heart still pounding in her chest, nipples so sensitive against the furs on the floor, she felt the man move and pull away. He used her hair to clean the semen off of his cock but she made no sound of protest, only purred in quiet satisfaction, her cat-like eyes shut as she basked in the glow. She still felt his seed upon her back, cooling and sticky there and she realized she would need to take some time to repair herself before returning downstairs. Her slim arms folded and she rested her heated cheek against them like a pillow, her gaze slitting as she watched the master dress again, her hair a black cloud tangled behind her. Her body still sung with pleasure that he had given her and she soaked it up. He did not speak to her again as he prepared to leave, but on his way out of the alcove, he dropped a wrapped hard candy. Ullah leaned up with delight, her hand seizing around it and she turned on her back to beam after him, her beautiful face alight as she called after him, 
"Thank you, Master!"

He had spoken but a single word to Ullah in the encounter. And Ullah had certainly obeyed.