 Cherry had been laying in the dark, playing with her pussy when the alarm had gone off. She cursed low under her breath and quickly turned on her side away from Jack. Luckily he was normally quite dozy when he first woke up. It was not that Jack was not a good, kind and considerate lover. It was not even that he had a small cock or went too quickly. It was not that he could not give her a good hard shagging each night. It was just that Cherry wanted, needed more. She craved it. She had taken a couple of lovers over the years. Hell girl, she knew that Jack had not been keeping his cock just for her either, it was normal in a healthy relationship to have a bit of sex on the side. Her current lover, Vince, was an Italian American guy who worked at the law firm where she was secretary. He was fresh from college on an internship. Quiet, geeky, but oh so rapid...

She groaned softly after Jack had left the bed and went back to playing. Maybe she could have a good cum before he came back to bed and then get him to screw her again. He'd like it if her pussy was nice and wet and ready for her. 

So when the knock came on the door she cursed and pulled the sheet back over herself, tucking it up under her arms. "Come in!" She called, checking that she was decent. Her nipples pressed hard against the material of the bed sheet and she moaned silently. 

The door opened and in stepped Richard, her youngest. Richard was tall, lithe, strong, with dark eyes and buzz cut brown hair. He was not the brightest of their kids but Cherry had always had a soft spot for him. She knew he always tried so hard be he did not have the aptitude of his brother for things. He was going to make a fine carpenter some day, while Paul, the oldest, would be a doctor or something. At 21, Richard should probably have made up his mind but now but he was a little... slow.

"Mom, what's happening?" He said as he blinked the sleep from his eyes. "Where is pa?"

"Oh one of you kids left your car door open or something. The alarm went off. Pa has just gone down to see to it."

Just as she spoke the alarm stopped. She sighed thankfully. Now maybe the house would settle down again and she could get the screwing she so desperately needed. "Why don't you go back to bed?"

"I'm worried mom. I thought I heard something moving about down there before dad went. Can I stay here with you until he gets back?" Richard asked, a look on his face that reminded her of when he had been younger. 

She sighed inwardly, but outwardly smiled. "Sure! Why don't you sit down on the bed and guard mama?" 

Richard happily sat down. Cherry could not help but admire the cut of his form as they sat there in silence. She was propped up the pillows and the light of the fish tank was behind him, throwing his body into relief. He had wide shoulders and a thin waist. Clad only in a pair of boxer shorts which were, Cherry saw, about two sizes too small for him he had big powerful thighs and...

...goodness! She knew where that cock had come from, because earlier tonight she had been impaled on one with just the same girth. It lay in the tight, stretchy material like a coiled length of inner tube. Yes, for sure, he reminded her of the young Jack who had gotten her pregnant far too young...

They chatted aimlessly for a short while. Richard talked about his girl worries (although from what she saw Cherry knew he would have very few problems) and Cherry about her day at the office. She began to grow slightly worried about Jack. Where was he? Maybe he was laying down in the yard bleeding after some intruder had...

The phone rang low on the nightstand and she picked it up. "Hello?" It was Jack. 

"Cherry, I'm going to sit out here watch for intruders for a bit. I'll be up in an hour or so."

"Okay, just stay warm." She whispered, then even lower: "Because I am."

If that did not bring him to bed sooner rather than later she would be a very surprised woman. Setting down the receiver she looked back to Richard. The youth's nipples were hard, and he shivered. "I'm glad you're warm mom. I'm freezing!"

Lifting up the sheets the mother smiled warmly. "Why don't you climb in here for a moment? We can finish our talk and then you can go back to bed."

Richard did just that, Cherry trying very hard to keep her eyes from his strong physique. Goodness he had grown up to be a fine boy. His body was very much that of his father's, while his eyes and hair came right from her own father. He was a damn fine looking young man. "And you should know better than to go wandering around the house in the night without a robe on."

He grinned wanly. "I forgot. In the summer I sleep naked!"

Cherry coughed and looked away. "I don't think I needed to hear that from my son."

"Oh mom. In the summer we all used to go skinny dipping down at the old watering hole. Me and Poul and Rosy and Wanda."

"That is okay when you're a kid, Rich, but now you're a fully grown man. You need to be a little more careful about who sees you naked. It's not very nice."

"Do I not look nice, mom? See I told you girls were always odd with me. They go all funny around me and don't want to talk, or get all bossy."

She laughed softly, knowing exactly why they went 'all silent or bossy.' "Richard that has nothing to do with you being ugly. You're a very very good looking young man. Any girl would be proud to be seen with you. Which is why they get bossy or quiet. They like you, and either are afraid of scaring you or want something entirely different."

"Like what?" He looked at her, his face the picture of innocence. Cherry wondered - had Jack not done the Facts Of Life talk with him yet? It was a little late. It was his job to do it with the boys though. She had done the girls ages ago, and put them on the Pill. If they were anything like her they would have spread by now.

Cherry avoided the question. "So when did you go skinny dipping last?"

"Last summer."

"WHAT!?" She sat bolt upright in bed, the sheet falling down to reveal her cleavage. Her boobs were not as high or proud as they had once been but they were still rather large for her small frame. "Richard Wood you..."

The light at the window was growing brighter. She could see him entirely now. His strong muscular arms, corded with veins, the shape of his face... Was that not a bit bright for the moon? Cherry wondered. "...get up and look out the window, check your father is okay?"

"Sure mom!" He beamed, pushing himself up from the bed. The light flashed and her world was filled with a powerful brightness. She could not see any more. The sound of something heavy hitting the floor filled her world, and Cherry Wood passed out.