 Captain James immediately knew something was wring when he was awaken from his deep cyber sleep and saw that he was still several years away from reaching the atmosphere of Earth.

Space debris as well as his ship was being pulled toward the largest Black Hole he had ever heard of. It was sucking everything into it, even light. He turned the ship around and applied the power to the limit. It wasn't working. In fact nothing he tried was working. He was still being pulled back toward it. 

He was able to send out a last ditch message to Earth detailing his situation. He was going to die!

He turned the ship back around as he decided that if he was going to die at least he was going to face it head on. He watched the screen as the Black Hole became larger and larger till it completely filled the screen. Then there was only blackness.  

Captain Williams slowly opened his eyes. He couldn't believe what he was seeing on the screen....stars...lots of stars. As he got his bearings, his mind told him that this couldn't be possible. He wondered if he was dead.

He quickly dismissed that notion because he now knew exactly where he was. He was on his way...Home!?!

On the screen in the distance was the unmistakably beautiful blue and white planet of his...Earth. He couldn't explain what had happened. Maybe the Black Hole had taken him on a short cut home. Whatever had happened didn't really matter because he was going home at last.

He tried to contact NASA and laughed out loud when they responded. He was given final landing instructions, and put the ship on automatic.

As he settled back awaiting the landing, he thought to himself that he should check himself to ensure that he hadn't changed in any way. Being a movie buff he had fantasies that he had turned into one of the Fantastic Four. He would have loved to be the Human Torch. He laughed himself till his side began to hurt and then again waited on the landing.

The landing went perfect and everything looked just as he had left it. 

The women was still just as beautiful and hot as ever. He couldn't wait to be with one but that would have to wait for now. As expected he was debriefed and put into an isolation chamber where he would spend the next several days before being given a clean bill of health. He was given something to help him sleep and soon was fast asleep. The next morning he awoke very hungry and was told that breakfast would be sent to him. He decided to take a long overdue shower. He looked at himself in the mirror and was surprised to see that he didn't need a shave. 

He removed his robe and stepped into the steaming hot water. The was when he first felt it, the cool air between his legs. He looked down his body past his muscular chest, flat stomach, and...Screamed!!

The guards and medical staff came running immediately. They found Captain Williams sitting on the floor of the shower covering his genitals. 

"Would everyone please leave except the doctor? Williams begged.

Doctor something is wrong! Something is terribly wrong!"

"What is it, Captain?"

"I don't know how to say this."

"Just come out and say what is bothering you son."

"I am a man right? I mean I am a male? But I have a...have a..

"A what Captain?"

I have a vagina doctor," he said in almost a whisper.

"Well yes you do Captain Williams and it is a very healthy one too. We did a complete check of your entire body and everything is perfect."

"Maybe you didn't understand me doctor. I am a man but I have a vagina when I am suppose to have a cock!"

"A cock, is this some type of joke Captain?"

"Joke? This is no fucking joke Doctor! Look for yourself!" He removed his hands so that the doctor could closely examine him.

The doctor looked him over and again told him that there is nothing wrong with him.

"Nothing wrong? Have you ever seen a man with a pussy before? I had a cock when I left on this flight and now I don't. So don't tell me that there is nothing wrong!"

"Seen a man with a pussy before, you asked me? Only every last breathing male on this planet is all."

"Every last male on this planet? You are a fucking lair! This is insane!"

He started to panic so the doctor called the guards to subdue him and he was injected with something to keep him calm. 

Captain James Williams kept fighting with them even after the injection. So the doctor had an idea. He removed his clothing and showed James his own clean shaven vagina. James stared in disbelief and passed out. 

He was later given a interview with the medical staff and the higher military staff. He was allowed to sit in a chair facing them but still found himself chained and unable to move.

"Let me see if I have this straight. Men here have vaginas and women have cocks?"

"That's correct Captain"

"Do girls here still have boobs?"

"Of course! Captain you said something about where you came from Men have the cocks, is that correct Captain Williams?"

"YES!"

"And this place you came from is called Earth?"

"YES! YES! What is wrong with you people?"

"Captain we are afraid that you will be required to stay in the isolation chamber longer then expected until we find the reason for your memory lapse."

James knew that there wasn't any use trying to convince the people of this Earth that he was from another exact Earth. It even sounded crazy to himself, but he knew that was the answer. It had to be the Black Hole had somehow has transferred him to this Earth by mistake.

But who would believe him?

He realized that he would have to accept his situation for now in order to be released. Over the next several long weeks he had to learn everything there was to learn about having a vagina as if he was a very young girl back on his home planet. He learned about birth control....having a period....buying panties and even using the bathroom. He developed a much better understanding and acceptance of the women back on his home planet. He accepted his fate and soon learned almost all there was to know...almost all.

Finally his day of release was at hand. He was summon to his doctor's office for a final briefing. 

"Captain James Williams, we are releasing you, but in my opinion you should stay with us for some additional counseling. Especially if you really do believe that at one time you had a cock and that it was you that penetrated the females. It's going to be a whole new ballgame for you now and a guy has to be very careful out there because a woman will do or say anything to get in your panties."

James couldn't stop laughing, but finally told the doctor that he knew how to talk to the opposite sex. They were still females and a smooth line worked then and it will work now.

"May I call you James? Listen James your cocky attitude is just the thing to lead to your downfall. Some females can be very ruthless and aggressive when it come to bedding down a male. You are not ready to go out in the world with that frame of mind, in my opinion!"

"Thanks Doc, but I can handle myself. Can I go now?"

James returned to his apartment, or at least what used to be his apartment on his home planet. As he headed up the stairs he met two girls coming down and thought to himself this would be a perfect time to lay his line on them.

"Hello ladies, nice day isn't it?"

"Hey baby, you sure do have a nice ass!"

"What?"

"Oh a dumb one. She said you have a nice ass and I bet your cunt is just as nice!"

"My what?"

"Hey wait a minute. You are that space guy aren't you? I saw you on TV. You just came back from that space mission didn't you? I bet you are hard up for some cock baby?!"

"I...I..."

"Hey space guy come and sit on my missile! Houston, we have a hard-on! I've got ten inches for you bitch, want it?"

James turned and ran the rest of the way to his apartment. He slammed the door shut and locked it. He couldn't believe how vulgar they were to him.

He got a drink of water and sat down trying to get his thoughts together. Surly they were just a couple of drunks. He would do much better at the clubs tonight. He decided to take a shower. He went to the bedroom to dry off and sat on the edge of his bed. For the first time since he had returned he took a look hard look at his vagina. He put a mirror between his legs and examined himself closely. Then looking around the room as if to check and see if anyone was looking, he inserted a finger into himself.

It felt so wonderful as he moaned out loud. Caught up in the moment and needing relief, he began to finger fuck himself. His finger was soon coated with his juices and he could both see and feel his clitoris swell and extend from under its protective hood. He rubbed his slick fingers over his engorged clit and soon was masturbating full blast. He laid back on the bed and was taking turns finger fucking himself and masturbating. His orgasm was fast approaching and he couldn't have stopped it even if he wanted too...which he didn't!

I'M GONNA CUM! I'M GONNA FUCKING CUM! I'M...OHHHHHH!!

His orgasm started in his vagina and quickly spread out to his entire body. His legs stiffen and his breath came in short grasps. When it fully hit him...he screamed at the top of his lungs!!

"Oh My God! The feeling was so intense!"

The sexual after glow was unlike nothing he had ever experience in his life. He wanted to be held. He wanted to be kissed and told how special he was.

Holy Shit his body was responding like a...well, like a girl's. This was getting out of hand and he had to get his confidence back. The best way to do that was to go out tonight and pick up some hot babe! He rested as he thought about tonight but he couldn't deny the tingling sensations he was still feeling between his legs.

He had to admit to himself that he was a bit rusty on club hopping but he soon found one called the Dew Drop Inn. As it turned out it was a combination of a bar and truck stop. From the very first moment he walked through the door he could feel all eyes on him...or rather on his ass! It wasn't because anyone there recognized him he soon understood, it was because he was fresh pussy and fair game!

One of the side effects of having a vagina was that his ass and hips grew wider and more shapely with a natural curve. So even though he was trying hard not to stand out, his jeans hugged each and every curve showcasing his assets. 

Still it unnerved him to know that every woman here was watching his ass and wanted to fuck him. How do females back home deal with it?

It wasn't too long before it started. The first one to approach him was a lady truck driver that looked like she could punch her way through a brick wall.

"Hey there, you pretty lil thing. What is someone as fine as you doing here all by yourself?"

Not looking her in the face, all James could say was that he only came in here for a nice cold beer. He excused himself from the bar and went to one of the small tables in the room. 

Another female approached him..."Did it hurt?"

"Excuse me?"

"I wanted to know if it hurt?"

"If what hurt?"

"If it hurt when a angel like you fell from heaven!" She laughed at her own remark thinking it was witty.

James excused himself and went to yet another table.

He had barely sat down before another female came over to his table.

Not another one, he thought to himself. 

However this one seemed nice and wasn't rubbing her cock as she stared at him. So he let her join him at the table. She said her name was Tisha and she has just gotten off work and came in to unwind. He found out that she was single and didn't want to go home alone. As he listened to her, James found himself warming to her and just having her at his table kept the other vultures away. They make small talk until a slow song came on and she asked him to dance. James longed for the feel of a female in his arms and readily accepted. She was a very good dancer and when she pressed her breasts against his chest he found himself becoming aroused and thus wet between his legs. This was a new sensation for him and he had to admit to himself that he liked it.

She laid her head down on his shoulder, and for the briefest moment things were once again as they would have been back home. He was at peace for the first time he could remember in such a long time. But then reality came slamming back to him when he felt Tisha's cock began to harden and press against him.

His body was responding to hers. They were doing a slow grind on the dance floor and to be honest he liked the feeling she was causing him to have. Her hands slid down ever so smoothly onto her ass. Her harden nipples pressed further into his chest. When her rock hard cock jerked, he pulled away suddenly.

"What's wrong James?" she asked.

How could he tell her that everything was wrong! He was responding to her cock for god's sake....Her dam hard cock! This wasn't the way it was suppose to be. This was wrong. This was unbelievable!

Yet as easily as it was to understand it, it was equally hard to explain it to her. He didn't know what to say, so he just looked down at her bulging cock. When she saw what he was looking at, she covered herself up.

"I...I...I am so sorry James! I didn't mean to get turned on, it just happened. Please don't be mad at me!" She cried.

Tears came into his eyes. He didn't belong here. His mind would not accept things as they were here. He told Tisha that he had to go. She walked him out to his car trying her best to put him at ease. It didn't help and he got in his car without speaking a word to her.

"Here James" she said to him. "At least take me card and know that you can call me anytime day or night and I will be there for you."

He put the card in his pocket and drove away without looking back. 

He wondered what was wrong. Why did he react that way? He liked her a lot and he could tell she liked him as well. 

The a small voice in his head spoke up..."I will tell what is wrong. She was turning you on. She was turning you on big time. You were getting to the point where you wanted her to...fuck you!"

He had admitted it, at least in his mind. It was true for a moment there he did want her to fuck him. Was that so wrong? Was he losing his mind or having a breakdown?

At a stoplight he saw another club called "The Black Tigress". He was tired of feeling sorry for himself and the least he could do is get drunk.

He pulled into the parking lot and went in. As his eyes adjusted to the dim light inside, he saw that it was filled with 90% black women. He sat at the bar and ordered a wine cooler. 

What was happening to him? Why didn't he order a more manly drink like whiskey on the rocks or something like that? Was he beginning to change completely now that he had a...well you know. He could feel all eyes once again on him, but he was getting used to that. Before he could finish his drink, the bartender brought another before him and explained it was from the table where three beautiful black females were sitting and smiling at him. 

He thanked them for the drink and they motioned for him to come over and join them. They were smiling and seemed friendly enough so he did.

"New in town, baby?" one of them asked as he sat down.

"Yes, actually I am new in town."

"Well welcome to The Black Tigress. Guess you can see where it gets it's name from" she laughed. "My name is Tyra and these are my friends Fallon and Jen."

James shook their hands and began to tell his name when Tyra stopped him.

"We know who you are, sugar. You are Captain James Williams. You just returned from a very important space mission."

"That's correct" James said very impressed.

"Hey sugar, your drink has got to be flat by now. Let Fallon go get you another drink from the bar."

He didn't noticed the knowing glance the two women exchanged as she left for the bar. When she returned, they all gave a toast to the Captain's safe return. James emptied his glass in one gulp.

Here he was a Captain in the United States Air Force..graduate of the University of Kentucky..second degree from Columbia University, and he never had a clue that they had just spiked his drink!

They made small talk and made sure his glass never got empty. He realized that he was becoming very comfortable around these ladies. Tyra asked him to dance about 30 minutes later and she led him to the floor. He was feeling good, and didn't think anything of it when Jan rubbed his ass as he passed her on the way to the dance floor He just smiled.

"Oh this is my slow jam, sugar. Hold me real tight!"

He held her tight and when he felt her nipples digging into his chest, he once again felt himself getting wet. In fact he was beyond wet...his panties were soaked! He felt her cock press against him and he pressed back. She turned his face up to hers and their lips came together. As her tongue was exploring his mouth, her hands were massaging his ass. James responded to her every move. He wanted her to fuck him hard and deep!

He wanted her to place her large cock inside him so badly. What should have been a disturbing thought given his recent frame of mind now seemed so natural. He didn't give it any thought, he just wanted it to happen!

He would have let her fuck him right there on the dance floor if she so desired. Still kissing his hands came up and massaged her breasts causing her to moan into his mouth. The song ended but they stayed glued together on the dance floor She finally broke their kiss and lead him back to the table. The other girls all seemed excited as they headed back to the table. 

Fallon asked, "James do you know what they say about black women? Without waiting for a answer, she said "that we have bigger cocks!"

He tried to think and focus on what she was saying but only could muster a silly grin. 

Jan asked "So what do you think about that James?"

Before he could say a word, Tyra grabbed his hand and put it up under her skirt. Her cock was hard and throbbing. Under normal James would have recoiled in shock, but under the influence of the drug, he was in heat. He wrapped his hand around her cock and began to stroke it gently. She was so dam hard he thought to himself happily. 

Fallon began to undo his jeans. When she didn't meet any resistance she put her hand down inside his panties.

"Oh shit, baby! Your dam cunt is soaked and is so fucking hot!"

James spread his legs wider to give her better access. Then Tyra pushed his head down under the tablecloth and her skirt. Her cock was throbbing right in his face and he wasted no time sucking it into his mouth. She tasted so good!

His pants and panties were down around his knees now and he was throwing his pussy to the expert finger manipulations of Fallon. He was moaning but because his mouth was full of black female cock, he couldn't be heard to anyone beyond their table.

"Baby, you are a natural born cock sucker! Suck this motherfucker! Make me cum down your throat!"

Speaking of cumming, James was well on his way of having his orgasm. Fallon would alternate between massaging his swollen clit and finger fucking him… which had the effect of driving him insane with lust!

Taking his mouth off the fat cock, he screamed…"DON'T STOP BABY! PLEASE DON'T STOP! I'M GOING TO FUCKING CUM SO HARD! FINGER FUCK ME BITCH! MAKE ME CUM! FORCE ME TO FUCKING CUM! OHHH SHIT! OHHHHHH!!"

He threw his pussy to her hand as hard as he could. For a moment he loss all coordination and the only thing he could do was grind his cumming cunt to her. Then he went back to sucking her cock and could feel her stiffen. He told her to cum in his mouth. Tyra pushed his mouth back down on her cock and shot her load of hot thick cum all the way down the back of his throat. James swallowed every drop of her precious semen. He wanted more! He wanted to feel a cock deep inside of him!
