 Chapter 1 - Fresh

Klaxon sounds of alarms roared with ferocity as smoke poured from the entrance of a white marbled two story building. Police cars had swarmed the area, blocking off the sidewalks and streets, their sirens sounding off in accompaniment to the building's wailing. The police had their weapons Un-holstered and pointed at the entrance, keeping the police vehicles in between them and the smoking bank, the dashboards and open car doors becoming makeshift shields.

Another marked police car pulled up as the passenger side door swung open. A tall, balding man wearing a neatly decorated blue police uniform emerged from the passenger's side, standing tall beside the car door. He surveyed the scene.

The white marble slabbed steps leading up to the bank's main entrance was clear, but the smoke around the glass entrance doors concealed any view of the inside. Three marked police cars encircled the foot of the steps, which several uniformed officers hid behind. 

"We can't approach the bank, chief," a patrolman informed as he trotted over towards the new arrival, "they've got hostages in there."

The gray mustached man, known to Metrotown as Chief Barkley, nodded curtly and then started to give orders.

"Expand this blockade. Get those onlookers cleared from the streets," he ordered as he pointed at the crowd of people standing on the opposite sidewalk and then flickered his attention to some of the other buildings sharing the block," I want SWAT dispatched. And get some snipers on the rooftops!" 

The patrolmen set about their tasks as a dark skinned man wearing a charcoal gray suit approached the Chief. 

"What do we have Jerry?" asked Barkley, motioning to the approaching man.

Lieutenant Jerry explained the situation. Three men and a woman, all wearing combat fatigues, had entered the Second Metrotown Bank and promptly began holding the place up, with no disregard for stealth. The bank alarms had alerted the police within minutes. As the officers approached the entrance however, a very large muscular man with a chain gun appeared at the doorway and pockmarked the sidewalk, forcing the police to retreat back to their cars. 

"Between their firepower and the hostages inside, we have no room to advance right now," Jerry informed.

It was then that very large rhythmic sounds was heard overhead. The police diverted their attention up at the sky, watching as a green military chopper darted from the skyline of several rooftops and cruised into view. As it started to circle around the back of the bank, a large rail-gun mounted on it's side was aimed down at the officers by yet another man in military camouflage fatigues.

"Get down!" yelled Barkley as reached out, grabbing hold of his lieutenant's shoulders to pull him to the ground with him. 

A great hail of bullets rained down onto the sidewalk, chewing up chunks of concrete while pounding at the metallic sides of the police vehicles. Glass from the windshields exploded, the plastic lights on top of the cars shredded, while some of the police sirens were cut off. A great deal of yelling emanated from the street as some of the officers were hit by the hail of bullets, while their colleagues worked to pull them out of the line of fire.

The chopper aligned itself over top of the bank, then began to descend to the rooftop all while the gun turret kept firing. Then as the chained gunfire ceased, the chopper's rails touched down. As the police regrouped behind their cars, they could only watch helplessly as a small explosion of fire rang out from atop the building, emitting a dark black smoke that enveloped around the chopper and obscured it from view. Hollering and shouts, caused by several people on the roof continued on into the next minute. Then as the smoke started to clear, the bird began to ascend, it's heavy rotating blades blowing the smoke outward over the rooftop edge, the green metal frame emerging from the clouded ball. 

"No! We can't let them escape," yelled Jerry as he lay on the ground. 

He pointed his handgun as the helicopter, but it had already traveled over the skyline of the neighboring redbrick building.

"Follow it!," yelled the Chief, "Where is OUR chopper?"

"Sir. Look!" a patrolman pointed at the sky.

They all craned their necks upwards to where the officer's finger was pointing, watching as a blue and gold blur streaked across the sky. It swerved into a large arching curve toward the direction of the military chopper and like a torpedo, rushed to meet it. The Chief felt a small grin tug at the points of his mouth.

"Hah. That was flawless," yelled a big muscular blonde man as he took a seat on a green bench anchored to the inside wall of the helicopter. He took a look outside of the wide open platform door next to him, observing as the landscape of streets, rooftops and cars moved beneath.

"We're not clear yet," warned a tan skinned man with a black mustache and goatee. He spoke with a Spanish accent.

He was gripping a very frightened young man by his wrist. Pulling him toward a seat on the chopper, he then pushed him down onto the bench, ordering the man to stay still and keep quiet. Then he scanned about the inside of the helicopter, pausing to grin at each his comrades.

They had just netted a huge haul. Millions; Maybe even a billion in cash money sat in huge burlap sacks at his feet. Even between the six of them, there would be more then enough for all of them to be sitting pretty after this daring theft. 

"We need to get this bird on the ground. How long to the strip Nico?," the Spaniard man questioned, his head turning toward the chopper pilot. 

"Not long Escobar," called the gruff looking Serbian pilot," We just need to clear the harbor and we should be home free."

Several silent seconds passed, giving Escobar time to glance at the slender short haired brunette woman. She gave him an intense squared smile. Knowingly smiling back with grungy teeth, he pulled his attention toward the hostage seated on the bench next to his knee. The hostage was neatly dressed, wearing navy blue khakis and a buttoned down dress shirt. The hostage's short brown hair was a bit disheveled and he looked down at his dress shoes through his gold framed round spectacles. 

"That looks expensive," smirked Escobar as his hand wrapped around the man's glasses and lifted them from his nose. 

The young hostage jerked and instinctively tried to grab back his property, but Escobar pushed him back down by his shoulder and threatened for him not to move. 

There was a sudden bit of turbulence and then the chopper gave a sharp jerk. Everyone who had been standing was thrown onto the chopper's metal floor, the hostage being tossed forward from from the bench. The vehicle complained with a great whining noise as the thieves braced themselves, struggling to get back on their feet.

"What the hell," yelled the big muscular man, pulling himself to his knees.

"We've... stopped... we're... not moving!," shouted the Serbian pilot, his instruments giving off beeping warnings.

One of the robbers, a dark skinned man with dreadlocks and a gold tooth, steadily leaned out of the chopper's opening to look about the outside. As he turned his head to inspect the tail, he was startled when he realized that an athletic looking blonde girl, wearing blue skin forming tights, a gold skirt and white boots hovering in midair mere inches from his face. Her right hand was embedded in the metal of the chopper and it was her hand that unbelievably kept the vehicle from moving. 

"Going down?," She smiled at him, wrapping her free hand onto his military vest to casually pull him from the chopper. 

He yelled as he front flipped outward, fell through the air and landed with a great splash into the bay waters underneath. 

"Charles!," called out Escobar as everyone inside the chopper snapped their attention to the chopper opening. 

The muscle bound man, slid his chain gun from his back and readied it. Escobar drew his own pistol as a shaggy white haired man did the same and the thin hard looking woman took a few steps backward toward the rear bay of the chopper. The hostage gripped the side of the bench to steady himself and as he scanned about the area. Noticing that Escobar had dropped his glasses, he reached over to pick them up off the floor. While lifting himself back up to the bench, he replaced them back over his eyes.

The engine whirred and complained as Nico flipped switches and moved the stick, but the chopper refused to react. In fact, it was moving completely sideways!

"Check outside!," Escobar shouted orders.

The thin older gentleman ran thick greasy fingers through his shaggy white hair and full bearded face as he stepped over to the other side entrance of the chopper and hopped into the seat of the mounted rail-gun. He aimed the rail-gun in every direction but only saw the water of the bay pushing slowly underneath them and a pier for a warehouse along the coast. 

"There's nothing out here!" he barked as his gun swiveled to and fro," Check the other side Hans!"

The muscular man with the chain gun approached the opposite platform of the chopper and cautiously looked out the side that Charles had fell out of. He blinked as he turned his head, quickly taking in the same sight as his comrade. 

The athletic girl smiled at him as her fists rested against the chopper, slowly pushing it toward the city's coastline. Hans however recovered faster from the shock of seeing the golden caped girl and jerked backwards.

"It's a damn superhero!" he growled as he gripped the chain gun and pressed a button.

The cylinder of the gun started to spin with a whine as he planted his foot onto the door frame, then aimed it at the young blonde. Seconds later bullets erupted from the end, peppering the outside green metal of the chopper. The blonde hero released the chopper's hull and sharply shot upwards into the sky under her own power. Her sudden release of the chopper made it lurch forward, causing Hans' boot to slip off the door frame. He managed to spin toward the inside, gripping hold of a rope hooked to the wall, his feet spreadeagled out the door. Everyone else had once again been thrown from their feet toward the cockpit, the hostage having been rolled from the bench once more and the bags of money sliding a few inches. 

"You trying to kill us haus?!" Escobar growled at Hans as he lifted himself to his feet once more.

Nico worked feverishly to right the chopper while yelling obscenities," Don't shoot the fucking chopper!" 

Richard, the man on the chopper's rail-gun shouted," Turn about counterclockwise!"

Nico yelled more obscenities as he tilted the chopper toward the left. Richard aimed the gun upwards and started to fire at a blue and gold colored ball streaking toward them from above. The colorful ball diverted sharply downwards toward the water, then right before plunging into the drink, shot towards the chopper, parallel to the water. The bullets from the gun sent white plumes of water to burst up from the ocean alongside the flying girl, as she arched along toward the backside of the aircraft, zooming past.

Hans pulled himself back up onto the platform, readying his gun as he moved into a sitting position. The streak flew just below him and he released a volley, spraying the water below her. Then she banked into a hard right, once again flying beneath the chopper. 

"Below us!," informed Hans loudly.

"I don't like your guns," came a sweet young feminine voice. 

They all realized that the person speaking was that of hovering girl, who was now mere inches from Richard's gun turret. Richard pressed the switch to fire but the girl lifted her waist a few inches into the air and leaned a huge left punch into the rail-gun's frame, puncturing the metal and rendering it inoperable. Then she placed her right hand on the other side of the gun, dug her fingers into the metal and pulled, wrenching the entire contraption from it's base. She flipped the metallic gun over her head and tossed it like it was a basketball into the water. Richard was rolled backwards from the chair, landing onto his back as the girl placed her white booted feet onto the chopper platform. 

Eyes traveled to the shin length white boots, then upwards to creamy pink round shins connected to soft round knees and curvy symmetrical thighs. These traveled upwards into a golden waist long pleated skirt. Blue tights emerged from the top of her skirt's hemline, traveling up her torso across the front of her stomach to around her back, conforming neatly against perfectly round baseball sized breasts and slim shaped shoulders. Peach cream colored arms emerged from the seams slightly below her shoulders, where soft muscles curved toward her elbow and then again to her wrists, meeting small petite hands. A small golden thread traced the outline of her neck, where a small golden cape flowed down to the small of her back. Atop the middle of her breasts lay a large golden "U" atop a perfectly shaped circle. Her hair was a long golden blonde, complimenting the bright red headband that she wore atop her head from ear to ear. Her face was young and petite, full of energy and she wore a smile that seemed as if it would be impossible to erase. 

"U-Ultragirl," stuttered the hostage as he fixed his glasses to his face so as to get a better look at the heroine.

"Who?," Escobar turned to look down at the hostage as if in confirmation.

"Wow," her attention turned toward the shaken young man laying parallel to the bench," You mean someone knows who I actually am?"

The young man locked eyes with the girl, giving her a slight confirming nod. 

Escobar snapped his attention back toward the heroine and pointed his gun at her. "I've seen the papers. You. You're Ultraguy's new young wannabee follower."

"HEEY!," She pouted, glancing toward him, "I'll have you know, I'm way better then HE is. I bet it'll take me at least 30 seconds less to beat you all!" 

With that Hans pointed his chain-gun at the heroine, but she lifted up off her feet again, jetting through the compartment in midair. She hooked her left hand around his waist before flying out through the exit, carrying him out with her. The impact caused him to fire his chain gun again, this time spraying errant bullets into the chopper blades. 

Sparks emitted from the rotors as one of the blades broke loose. The chopper started to spin violently. Nico tried desperately to gain control again, doing all he could do to keep the chopper level. Then before they all realized it, Ultragirl had flown back into the chopper. 

Richard dove for her, but she just jumped, floating above him, taking hold of his shoulder before vertically slamming him down hard onto the floor. As he groaned from the pain, the woman then unsheathed a knife from her belt, took a few steps toward her from the back of the helicopter bay and plunged it into the side of Ultragirl's waist. There was the the sound of a snap, the knife's blade completely breaking from the hilt to clatter onto the metallic floor. The woman stepped back with a gasping breath, holding up the handle of the now completely broken weapon as Ultragirl swiveled upon her boot to smile at her knowingly.

"That was pretty dumb," she laughed as she brought a flat handed slap against the girl's cheek which knocked her completely out. 

"Damn you!" Escobar growled as he fired his revolver into Ultragirl. 

He was dumbfounded however when the bullets just ricocheted off, leaving only small round holes on her neatly blue tights. 

"That doesn't work on me," Ultragirl simply smiled, "So why don't you just give up?"

Escobar eyes went wild, knowing that his theft had been foiled at the hands of this young girl. Desperate, he looked around for escape and noticed the young hostage huddled on the floor by the bench.

"Oh yeah?," Escobar madly exclaimed, now turning his gun toward the man at his left boot. 

He kept his eyes on Ultragirl as he knelt down to pull the hostage up by his shirt collar, forcing the man into a standing position. The hostage's face reflected a building panic.

"Yeah? Well what about him? I bet he can't take a bullet."

Ultragirl's smile slide from her face but she did not advance. Escobar inched his way toward the chopper opening, the cylinder of his gun barrel resting against the young man's temple. The heroine and thief stared each other down intensely as the hostage watched the poised Ultragirl. A sudden jolt of the aircraft occurred, causing Escobar to almost loose his balance. Nico, upon seeing his opportunity, opened the cockpit door and dove out of the helicopter. The helicopter went into a harsh tailspin, which caused Escobar to slip. As he started falling, he drew the hostage along with him. A split second of him raising his gun was enough however as his wrist suddenly tightened with pain. 

The grip of the girl's fingers forced him to release his handhold on the revolver. Effortlessly she pulled him towards her by his wrist and then smacked him across the jaw with an open right handed fist. Escobar slumped to the floor like he was a pile of jelly. 

The chopper started to turn over on it's side as the water quickly rushed to meet them. The young hostage scrambled around but then suddenly felt himself being lifted. 

"Time to abandon ship," he heard Ultragirl girl say to him and when he turned his head toward her, she quickly smiled at him.

With that he felt as if he was floating toward the door of the chopper. He zoomed past the platform in a flash as the scenery changed into open air. Water was beneath him amid a backdrop of large concrete skyscrapers and a large golden bridge to his right. He gripped onto anything that he could, which to him felt like soft cotton.

"Relax," she calmly spoke," I've got you. Ok?"

He realized Ultragirl's right arm had encircled around his torso and that his legs, while left dangling were being forced straight back due to the velocity of which they were traveling. His muscles slackened as all of his energy seeped out, knowing that Ultragirl was in full control. A rush of adrenaline as the surroundings seemed to move about him, while he himself was perfectly still. 

'So this is what it's like to fly', he thought as the air smacked him in the face. 

He turned his head up to look over at her eyes and saw them focused outward, concentrating on where she was going. He was able to take in her very slender jawline, her smooth white cheeks and soft pink lips. His eyes darted downwards along her neck and then upon the bright blue fibers of her tights to the Gold "U" written across the front. Her tights sank against her breasts, revealing to him their perfect round shape as they moved slightly each time she took a breath or shifted direction. Again he looked up toward her face and found that she looking directly at him.

He swallowed. Ultragirl. He had seen a few pictures of her online ever since she had appeared on the scene two months ago. She was still a relatively new heroine that not many knew much about, except for the fact that she often accompanied Ultraguy, Metrotown's premier Super Vigilante slash Hero. Admit-tingly, his initial reaction to the first picture he had seen of her was how surprisingly cute she was. He never considered though that he would ever get to meet her, let alone be rescued by her. As nerve wracking as the previous events had been, with him being pushed by armed thugs and having guns shoved into his face, he could not focus on that now. Being this close, having her arm around his waist, feeling the warmness of her body pressed against his side was starting to make him sweat. 

He chanced another look at her face again. Small round nose. Intense blue eyes. Round soft earlobes. Pink curvy lips. Cute.

"Are you alright?,' she asked.
