 3

Hours had passed since Julia had administered a powerful antibiotic on Karen. It would help her cope with the symptoms of Loraveran's disease until it flushed out of her system.

"What happened?" Karen croaked.

"Oh nothing much except for wanting to screw John's brains out," Julia offered her a pill and a cup of water. "You practically took advantage of him sexually while he was unconscious."

"I'm so sorry John." Concern filled Karen's eyes as she turned around towards John. "Are you okay? Did I hurt you?"

John knelt beside her. "Don't worry," he grinned. "For a moment I thought that I had died and gone to heaven but was confused that you were there."

"You know that good girls go to heaven—," she sat up.

"But bad girls go everywhere," said John and Julia at the same time.

They all laughed in relief.

Karen could feel them still observing her and felt a pang of guilt. There was no anger in John's eyes, just thoughtful reflection. He and Julia were like family to her and occasionally they would have sex for fun. Sometimes the three of them would end up in the same bed, but there was never any jealousy between them. Theirs was an open relationship.

"Guys, I'm fine," she said in exasperation. "When we were docked in the last space station I asked the Bruno twins spiked my drink with a strain of Loraveran's disease. We just wanted to have some fun. It didn't work at the time and we were disappointed." 

"You're an idiot," said John. "Don't you know what Loraveran's disease can do?"

"If it's used carefully it lowers inhibitions and can help people become loosen up" Karen explained.

"Baby, if you get any looser you're going to fall apart," said Julia checking her vitals again. "Besides, you need a medical prescription to use it."

"And I doubt that the Bruno morons have a degree in medicine," said John sternly and then his expression softened. "You could have killed yourself, Karen. Promise me that you won't do something like this again."

"I promise," she kissed him on the lips.

Strong hands lifted her to a standing position and remained on her shoulders as she stood a moment collecting herself. She caught John's concerned gaze and nodded reassuringly at him.

"We worry about you," said Julia kissing her on the lips, "take it easy!"

"Owwww!" groaned Karen. "I don't know which is worse, feeling the way I do, or knowing that I'm going to have sex with only one man for the rest of my life!"

"Sorry to break the news but I made a promise never to have sex again if we survived," John put an arm around her shoulders and smiled.

"Don't even joke about that," Karen gave a friendly punch on John's shoulder.

No one was seriously hurt. It could've been worse, a lot worse.

"Alright," said Julia at last, "what do we do now?"

"Make an inventory of what is left," said John as he looked around at the wreckage. "I'll go see if we can get power back on."

"What about me," Karen winced painfully.

"You need to rest," John tried to push gently to lie down only to have his hand slapped away.

"Listen to me John," she stood at about the same height as him although he outweighed her in muscle mass. "I'm an equal partner in this ship and I don't take orders from you or Jules! If we're in the shitter then I want to help."

"Jeez... Okay!" John raised his hands defensively.

"What do you need me to do," Karen asked now more calmly and in her trademark drawl.

"As soon as I get power back online I want you to make a diagnostic scan of the entire ship and do a full atmospheric sweep of the outer and inner environment," John stumbled over more rubble leading to the cockpit. "Julia, when you're finished with the inventory check to see if the 3D printers are still working. If they are I want you to print us some weapons and anything else you think we might need. There is no knowing what kind of hostile aliens might be out there."

John went into the cockpit and lay down on his back under an instrument panel and a plasma burst shocked the equipment to life. The solar panels were still working and relatively undamaged from the crash. He made a quick diagnostic scan of the systems. The polaron emitters were offline and useless, but that was no surprise there since the phase generator was floating somewhere around space. He rerouted power through the transdimensional reaction cooling system. That would buy them some time and increase the power levels to thirty percent.

Julia and Karen walked in. They both had excited expressions on their faces.

"John, I just came up from the engine room," said Karen clutching her ribs. "I ran a diagnostic of the outer atmosphere and I think I might have hit my head harder than I thought."

"Why?"

"Here, take a look for yourself," she handed over the pad. "I sent a drone to survey the area. This planet has an Earth-like gravity, an Earth-type atmosphere, a fertile valley and it even has drinkable water."

John took the diagnostic pad from her hand and glanced at it and blinked. There was no way that those readings were that good. He glanced back up at the women who grinned excitedly.

"This is an amazing find," John rubbed his chin excitedly. "Do you know of anyone finding a planet with these readings before?"

"Not that I know." Julia, who was the ship's unofficial cartographer, shook her head.

"I've never seen readings this good outside Earth."

"Nobody has, John," said Karen with a wince as she sat down. "I've traversed the galaxy farther than most have dreamt of and seen more planets than I can remember. But never have I seen a planet that is a near perfect replica of Earth. It's like we've discovered Earth's lost twin sister."

"Earth's lost rich twin sister," interjected Julia. "The mineral rights alone will make us filthy rich, but the real estate on this planet will make us richer than all the Corporations combined."

"Hold it just a minute," John cut in. "Can we even claim a planet just like that? What does the law say?"

"We can own a planet as long as we register it as a corporate holding," Julia explained. "My dad was a corporate lawyer and I used to help him a lot with his work."

"Hold your horses, girls, we're not going anywhere without a functioning ship."

"We will find a way out," replied Karen with a drawl. "We'll think of something."

4

For the first couple of days, the crewmembers had made numerous attempts to salvage every bit of scrap they could find. Karen came up with the idea to modify the dilithium capacitor and use it as a mini-phase generator. It wasn't powerful enough to fly the ship into space but it would be strong enough to send a drone into space and send a distress signal.

"Don't forget to re-magnetize the Hyperwave nitrogen laser to the—" 

"The containment field?" John finished Karen's sentence with a huge grin. "I did get a degree in physics you know during my time in the Space Academy. I got this..."

While John occupied himself building the generator, Karen and Julia had slept during the first shifts, but after the third day, when sleep would no longer come, they resorted to exploring their new world.

With the emotion of explorers, they took a hovercraft and flew over surrounding area. With vigilant curiosity and unspoken expectation, the overwhelming magic of new scenes, the mystery of the unknown, the appeal for adventure was completely fused in their hearts. It was an exciting moment for them, and come what might, they would survive and fight together if the situation called for it. 

The ship had crashed near the coast, where there were beautiful bays, dotted with wild islands, and surrounded by rocky peninsulas. The land was rich with vegetation. The whole forest was decorated like a colourful rainbow with countless plants, and the breeze which blew from it was loaded with the most pleasant perfume.

It was like a lost Eden and yet they could not detect the slightest vestige of sentient life forms, artificial buildings or agriculture. They didn't even detect the slightest signs of birds or animals. A deep stillness brooded over the isolation and was barely broken by the murmur of distant waterfalls.

They stood and gazed upon the scenery like tourists in a daze. The trees and plants grew in the same manner of those that one might find on Earth. The sun was about double the size of Earth's, but the power of its rays was tempered by a huge moon which covered most of the sky.

A sky was a gorgeous colour of sapphire which was streaked with thin white clouds, drawn across it like cotton candy, and a cool gentle breeze played gently upon their skins. The fresh air was so spring−like and sweet, it felt like it rejuvenated the organism just to breathe, and the three of them felt the intoxication, the bliss of life, as they had never felt in their entire lives.

They got out of the hovercraft and felt the luxuriant emerald green grass as it was soft and velvet; streams of water were sparkling in the sunshine, towering trees which were tall as buildings danced gently in the wind.

They began running towards the beach. They tossed their clothes off while they all went into the ocean for a dip. They laughed and squealed like lost children in paradise.

Suddenly, with an agile motion, Karen grabbed Julia's head and kissed her. A stream of saliva flooded into the woman's mouth. Julia opened her eyes wide for a second, and then her body relaxed completely and returned the kiss. She easily pushed Julia to the edge of the beach, pinning her against the white sands. 

John rolled his eyes but turned his neck to see exactly how Karen was pleasuring her friend. The view that met his eyes almost made him weep with joy. Julia was petite, barely five feet three inches in height, and she had a slender thigh over Karen's shoulder and the other pinned to the beach by her forearm. Julia was absolutely defenceless against her. Karen spread Julia's labia from above and below, and in between, her demanding mouth was making quite the meal out of her.

As John watched, Karen lapped languidly at her tender flesh, licking from top to bottom several times before stopping to circle her vaginal lips. Then she stabbed inside, causing a stammering moan from Julia, and when the firm scoop of her tongue came back, it brought a huge pool of her secretions. 

Julia looked at John and swallowed, her eyes glossed with lust.

"John," Julia gently cradled Karen's head while she had her fill from between her legs. "Take Karen from behind while she eats me! I want to see you fuck her."

Fire streaked over John's skin and tears of joy welled at the corner of his eyes. John felt his own eyes grow heavy and his cock turn hard as concrete as Karen resumed her more vigorous explorations.

The tendons in Julia's inner thighs stood out obviously as she dug her heel into her friend's back, no doubt hardly aware that her automatic response would force Karen' face deeper into her drenched flesh. Karen after several more passes opened her mouth wide and shoved her tongue deep enough into Julia's recess to earn a full-fledged shriek.

When Karen' eyes closed shut and her jaw suctioned continually, John knew she was working her clitoris in earnest.

John was feeling especially horny right now, the slightest touch causes his dick to spring to full attention and his body ached to penetrate his lover's holes. Swallowing hard, breathing harder, he held onto Karen for support. He slowly lowered himself to his knees and leant forward in the doggy position and took his position behind her.

"Fuck her John," Julia growled as she wrapped her thighs around Karen's head. "Fuck her beautiful cunt until she screams herself hoarse! Fuck until you can't stand it and then fuck me!"

Julia's thighs had clamped around Karen's ears, both feet pushing hard against her back, and Karen's hands gripped her hips as she devoured her, grinding her flesh into her voracious mouth.

Karen's body was bent at a ninety-degree angle—like an offering—and John felt the back of his neck prickle with the endless possibilities.

John dipped his fingers into her already swollen sex and wasted no time with seduction—it wasn't necessary. Karen wiggled her butt as if teasing him. She was wet, so wet, and he couldn't wait.

It was the most unbelievably erotic sight he'd ever hoped to see, and he prayed that he would be able to fully satisfy both of them. The primitive urge to cum immediately was suppressed. These two women needed to be satisfied first before he could get his pleasure. John cupped her labia from behind and pressed his palm and fingers upwards. He preferred face to face so he could see the delight and lust in his lover's eyes, but that would have to wait for later.

When Karen felt the tip of her lover's erect penis press against her cunt, she immediately pushed out with her abdominal muscles. John's hands grasped Karen's hips as he pressed forward, wedging the knob of his cock in her moist entrance. Ever so slowly it stretched open and she pushed out harder, straining to accept that exquisite rod that brought her such magical pleasure. Slowly John's hands slid forward around her breasts, palms inward, sending tingling, erotic thrills through her skin, skipping along it like tiny sparks of electricity as John's rigid cock pressed onward until the knob popped inside. The rest swiftly followed and Karen sighed with the pleasure of having his pussy stuffed with her lover's large cock.

She was having sex with the two people whom she loved more than anyone else in the universe. Karen constricted her vaginal walls, tightening it about the hard, thick shaft, and she trembled with pleasure as John slowly began to pull his cock back out, the rubbing sending ripples of electrical sensations as it clamped down on the withdrawing cock.

John began to slowly speed up his thrusts as Karen's desire also increased. He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply as he felt the strain growing in the depths of his loins, like a valve that was being pressured up, higher and higher and he knew it could only take so much until it blew its top off. But despite his anxiety he still wanted it to get it to go beyond its normal limits until it exploded. John's breathing grew heavier and as the pressure increased in John's groin, so did Karen's, and so did Julia, the three of them joined physically and mentally.

Watching Karen eat out Julia while he was taking her from behind was heaven. Julia was screaming so loudly while having her pussy eaten and having John ducking her was like they were connected somehow.

John was pounding here cunt furiously now, savagely ramming his cock in and out of her. Karen did not mind. In fact, she relished in the man's lust. Karen had her mouth clamped on Julia's cunt as John thrust his swollen, throbbing cock in and out of her, banging into her with such force as to almost knocking her off balance. Karen arched her back and tensed as she sensed her climax approaching, the valve was pressurising higher and higher until finally it blew and Karen twitched and jerked hysterically as waves rippled through her loins.

Then as Karen felt it pause and begin to sink back up her cunt she relaxed her vaginal muscle and trembled as she felt the hilt brush against her clit, sending shocks of stimulation through body, and as she felt the thick shaft once again stuffing her. She loved being fucked. She loved the physical stimulation that caused her cunt to burn and the numb depths her nether parts feel so full and that sent ripples of arousal through her groin. She loved the satisfaction of bringing both her lovers the maximum physical pleasure one person can bring another.

Julia was in a zone of her own as her body jolted ferociously from the orgasmic spasms as her juice squirted from her convulsing pussy. Moisture flooded Karen's mouth. She swallowed every drop of cream she offered. The woman sucked deeply on the throbbing clit and to her delight Julia shot out a second gooey squirt of cream for her lover. Karen greedily swallowed this nectar of life as squirt after wonderful squirt was sucked out of cunt, and with each squirt the relaxing sensation spread through her own pussy which was being ruthlessly pounded by John's cock.

Karen was delirious with ecstasy, and Julia's cunt was throbbing hotly in her mouth as they trembled with their own orgasm.

Karen felt like she had to take a frantic piss and she opened and closed her urethra as she tried to piss and along with it her vagina. She thrust her hips backwards and drew them back in sync with the thrusts and withdrawals of her lover from behind. She squirted violently against John's cock. John closed his eyes, and as he heaved a deep sigh of relief, he could sense Karen as well as Julia's pleasure, as if they were communicating to him mentally.

This was his sign that he could finally take his own pleasure. His testicles contracted and he shot out the first of his squirts of semen. He withdrew and shoved it in again as a second squirt erupted from his body. He groaned and gasped with the pleasure, and then pulled out and thrust in again, sending another squirt up Karen's cunt. 

John continued to shoot his hot cum up the woman's tight cunt, which had been clenching and relaxing in a hasty cycle as the woman trembled with her orgasm.

John's cum finally stopped and he knelt there, his hard, stiff cock buried up the woman's tight pussy. His head was spinning with the giddiness that followed a climax. 

John lay on top of Karen, both of them trembling and panting. Sweat poured off their naked bodies there in the warm sunny beach. His heart beating passionately in his chest and exhaling like a randy bull, his head spun in ecstasy as his thick cock throbbed deep inside of his lover's pussy. He swayed dizzily and almost fainted with the ecstasy.