 1

The ship tilted to one side.

"What the fuck was that?" cried John.

A warning light began to flash, and then another—and then six more. Finally the whole ship was shaking with the clanging with the buzz of emergency bells.

Julia made a headlong leap for the ladder leading down to the engine room, with John lunging for the pilot's seat.

John quickly looked about the huge board with its many different buttons and dials, searching for the one that would point out the trouble. His eye fell upon the huge barometer. A small warning light beside it flashed off and on. "Christ, the batteries are dead!"

"John!—John!" shouted Julia from the engine room. "The batteries are dead! They're shot to shit!"

"Tell me something I don't know." John mumbled under his breath and then yelled: "What about the reserves? Is it enough to get us to the science outpost on Poploestea?"

"We barely have enough power left to keep life-support going!" said Julia. "Everything, including the lights and the communicators, will go any minute!"

"It's too late to change course!"

"That is correct," Karen pronounced in her usual slow and logical slur. "If we can't change course or find an alternative source of power, we're likely to die from hypoxia before we are rescued."

"Send out an emergency beacon right away, Karen," said John.

"Can't, handsome," replied Karen in her lethargic twang. "The power surge blew up the circuits."

"How—how the hell did this happen?" asked John, mystified. "We were only going at a quarter warp speed and using auxiliary power!"

"I told you never to trust a Blumi trader," explained Julia bleakly through the communicator. "The part he sold us was incompatible with our tech. The AI had to dump the main fuel mass into space to avoid blowing up the ship. There isn't a thing we can do now!"

"We do have one choice," said John unconvincingly. "The long range sensors are picking up an Earth-like planet only twenty light years away."

"It's not anywhere on the official charts," commented Karen looking at the holographic display.

"No, it's there," Julia confirmed as she looked at the long range sensors. "How did nobody see it before?"

"Who cares about that now," said John trying to stabilise the ship. "We can either bailout now, in our space suits and use the rescue pods, and hope that someone picks us up before all the oxygen gives out or—"

"—Or we can make our last minutes really count and fuck like crazy people," Karen placed her hand on the inside of John's thigh.

"Or," John pushed her hand away irritated that she was thinking about sex in their hour of impending doom. "We divert the power from the rescue pods to the main engines and ride this space junk right in to that sun over there, and use its gravity to give us momentum to push us towards that planet. It's a Hail Mary and a long shot, I know, but make up your minds fast, we're already inside the sun's gravity!"

There was a pause, and then Julia's voice filled the cockpit. "I'll ride this baby out. If I'm going down, I'll take it on Terra Firma, even if it is on an uncharted planet. I don't want to die in space!"

"I'm game, too," said Karen French kissing John deeply and rubbed his crotch. "But when we land I'm going to violate you in such profane ways."

"O.K.," said John pushing her away feeling simultaneously aroused and scared of her. "Here we go. Just keep your fingers crossed that we hit a planet with a breathable atmosphere instead of a barren rock. Good luck, ladies!"

"See you guys on the other side," said Julia.

"Jules, please don't die now," said Karen in her calm voice to Julia.

The three crew members quickly strapped themselves into their seats, with John catching an emergency thrust button that he could hold in his hand. He hoped he would remain conscious long enough to throw the switch and send the ship in one final plunge.

The Space Witch caught up speed and John pressed the button burning up the remaining power. The ship's rockets fired and went full speed ahead. The three crewmembers heard the metallic shriek of the ship. Some parts were breaking apart. John imagined that he could feel the ship scrape the thin atmosphere from the void of space as it cut through the thin air.

Could they have reached the planet already? John wondered if they had had enough time; space travel did wacky things to your perception but this was not the time to think about that. John calculated his speed swiftly, and depending on the thinness of the atmosphere, he estimated that it would take anywhere between twenty to forty seconds for the ship to crash. He began to count.

The ship crashed.

2

John opened his eyes and then felt a weight on his chest. At first John thought that something might have fallen on top of him like the debris from the ship. But he was on his back and out of his seat. Blood flowed freely from his temple, and when he opened his eyes, John saw Karen's ass sitting on his chest with her full weight on him. Even worse his face was so close to her ass it was nearly touching.

John stirred under her grunting with the pressure, but Karen didn't get up. She heard him groan and felt his cock begin to stiffen in her mouth. She sucked harder, oblivious that they had just survived a crash, caring nothing about the future, caring about nothing except the penis in her mouth and the burning sensation building in her groin. She didn't care about anything but sex and flesh. The gratifying, thirst-quenching taste of flesh was all that mattered.

"Get off me you nut," he gritted.

"Make me." She low mumbled between sucks. 

Karen was bent over John's chest, sucking his hardening prick with thrilled delight. She seemed like a famished female who had not had a cock in a very long time as her wet, hot mouth slid up and down that long, red tipped pole. Karen lifted her mouth and her tongue licked out, lapping insatiably at the full, saliva wet length of co-pilot's prick. Her mouth wrapped that great knob once more, her lips sliding up and down frantically, hungrily, avariciously. John tried to yank her off him but she kept his arms pinned to the sides of his torso with her thighs holding him effectively a prisoner.

"Are you crazy or something," he tried to keep his mind from the lips that nipped and drew his cock into its mouth. "We just crashed on an alien planet! We don't have time for... That!!!"

"The present is all we have sweetie," she replied with her trademark drawl. "It doesn't want to get hard but I will fix that!"

It felt like a tight vacuum was sucking at him, commanding him to stiffen with excitement and release the life-juice. His cock became harder and harder. Karen mouthed the pole, making loud slurping sounds as she pulled her head up and drew the bulbous head of the penis out of her mouth, only to jerk it rapidly and plunge her lips back over it to repeat the process.

"Where is Julie," asked John in disbelief.

"She's fine," she began to pull off her pants and reveal her crotch. "Get working with that mouth of yours!"

Her pink seething cunt hole looked warm and inviting.

She straddled her legs beside John's neck and pushed her wet cunt over his mouth. John squirmed under her as he swiped up her pussy, slurping onto her clit.

"Aaaaah!" Karen cried.

John liked the tangy taste of her pussy juice, liked the feel of her hard throbbing clit, but right now he wanted to make her come as quickly as possible. He jabbed his tongue deep into her fuck hole, swirling, it around the walls of her cunt.

He'd never seen or touched a clit like that before, so meaty and swollen. 

"That's it you bastard!" Karen yelped when she felt the slightly rough surface of his tongue deep in her cunt.

"You're acting crazy!" John slowly removed his tongue, then jabbed it in her cunt again, rolling it, stabbing it, sliding it along her fuck tunnel.

"Ah yes!" Karen cried when he swiped up her pussy, slurping onto her clit. "Aahhh!"

"Mmm..." John liked the spicy taste of her pussy juice, liked the feel of her stiff throbbing clit.

He'd never seen or touched a clit like that before, so large and swollen. He poked his tongue deep into her fuck hole, swirling, it around the walls of her cunt. Then he removed his tongue and slid it around the outside of her pussy, tickling her pussy lips unmercifully and finally flipping it at her throbbing clit. As he sucked on her clit, he thrust his large-knuckled finger up her cunthole and fucked it in and out like a dick.

Meanwhile, Karen pressed his cock into her depths, deep-throating him in one smooth motion. John hissed, his fingers squeezed her thighs and holding her face up against her cunt. She sucked hard on his length and pulled back at the same time, giving herself some air and him a whine he couldn't help but let out. She then repeated the movements—smooth slide in, hard suck on the recoil, smooth glide in, hard suck on the recoil. She worked her mouth faster then, sucking his cock wildly. Her head bobbed up and down in a feverish motion.

Every muscle in John's body tensed as she sucked him and sucked him, over and over, again and again. Karen kept manipulating his testicles as she brought him to the edge. She expertly rolled it around while her lips and tongue worked their enchantment on his cock. She sucked faster and harder, mercilessly enveloping him again and again ... until—

John's body stiffened as he came on a loud groan. Hot cum sprayed into her mouth, hitting the back of her throat. His fingers tightened in her thighs as he moaned out his joy. She swallowed his cum in a single gulp. Her breathing as heavy as his, Karen slowly released his semi-erect cock and looked back.

Their gazes met and locked.

"You're gonna make me come!" Karen snarled, her eyes were completely black. "Even if I gotta kill you in the process!"

John immediately pulled his face away from her clit and looked up at her. Now he understood her erratic behaviour.

She was infected with the alien virus called Loraveran disease!

It all made perfect sense now.

She was already displaying symptoms before the crash. The Loraveran disease had been a crazy scientist called Dr. Loraveran; his plan to was to unite different species together by making them lose their inhibitions and hatred and have species love each other. It had been a success in part of that crazy plan by making sentient beings screw like there was no tomorrow. The number of planetary populations had tripled but that wasn't the worst side-effect; the worst effects was people were fucking rather than actually working and sometimes people would die because nobody was manning their stations.

"Karen! You got to listen to me! You have to stop!" John pleaded, while she was tying his fists. "You've been infected with Loraveran's disease!"

"Ah! Help me John! Ahhhhh!" Karen screamed, her stomach and thighs jerking out of control. "Fill my cunt! Please!"

John quickly stuck his tongue back in her cunt and fucked it in and out.

"Aghhhhh! More!" Karen shrieked, her orgasm coming on her suddenly and violently.

She jerked and writhed uncontrollably, raking her fingernails against John's stomach, smothering his face with her pussy. John kept tongue-fucking her pussy as wave after wave of pleasure flood all over her body. Her pussy-cream flowed out all over his tongue, lips and chin dribbled down his face.

At last, her orgasm began to subside slowly, replaced by a heavy, warm glow of relief.

"Okay Karen—It's time to stop now! Stop!" she groaned, so spent that he could barely speak. "I need to see if the ship is okay! Julia! Help me!"

He looked up at Karen and saw that her eyes were still pitch black and that she was still under the effects of the disease.

"Untie me Karen!" John pulled at the bonds. "I want to help you!"

But she paid no attention to him. Her clit was so sensitive that it began to shoot shocks of pain up her belly and spine as he continued to rub his face. She had been turned on by his violent writhing and screaming.

John's prick was hard and throbbing again. She turned around to face him and licked her cum from his face. Karen pulled her knees apart, spreading her legs and moved over him, grabbing his large cock in one hand as she aimed it at her still wet cunt.

"Karen, snap out of it!" he growled as he felt the tightness and heat of her cunt around his cock.

John was tired and numb end did not fight her as she stuffed his prick up her cunt and straight away began fucking into her.

"Gonna fuck the shit out of you!" Karen grunted. "Gonna take you until there is nothing left in those balls of yours!"

John tugged on his bonds and lay powerlessly beneath her. He wanted to rest, and now this woman was practically raping his immobile body. The crazy bitch had a tight, tight cunt, and it was getting wetter, providing a smooth lubricated entry that massaging his sensitive cockmeat.

"I just love to fuck," Karen shrieked.

She reached up and grabbed her own tits, kneading them hard, digging into her sensitive tit flesh with her nails. She felt puffy and sore, but was about to experience the greatest orgasm of her life.

"Karen please—" John thought he would go out of his mind.

But his complaints only seemed to add to her excitement. Karen eased down on him and sucked at John's neck as she continued to fuck her cunt with his huge swollen prick. She left a trail of bruised bloody teeth marks along the side of his neck as she sucked his flesh into her mouth. She wanted to consume the man-to possess him utterly. The touch of his hard, swollen shaft flesh gave her a giddy, indestructible feeling and she was savage with her fuck thrusts.

"Yes! Yes! Yesssssss!" Karen screamed with the taste of his blood in her mouth.

Karen was feeling too intoxicated, too exhilarated to stop. She fucked her cunt in hard, fast strokes now. She felt his prick swelling in her cunt, and she gasped at the delight she felt at having a really packed pussy. Her cunt was gushing with juices and it felt good! She squirmed and humped back against John, yearning for more friction, more pleasure in and out of her fuck hole.

"I can't keep this up! Fucking shit! I'm gonna come!" John could feel another load of jism building up in his balls.

She tensed her cunt muscles, trying to grip his big prick harder, and John moaned in painful ecstasy. Karen reached down with both hands and held John's warm, smooth ass cheeks. She could feel his ass cheeks as she jabbed his prick into her cunt.

"No! No! No! Don't you dare do that!" John grunted alarmed when he felt her hand slip into his ass crack. "Don't you dare stick your finger up my ass! You hear me!"

Karen slid her finger down his sweaty ass crack till she found the tight greasy ring of his asshole. She grinned for a brief moment and then plunged her finger mercilessly inside.

"Aghhhh! Shitttttt!" He shrieked with a mixture of shock, pain and pleasure. "I'm going to kill you for that!"

Her probing finger set fire to a forceful secret seat of pleasure hidden deep in his asshole, and he bucked upwards violently and began to spew his cum deep in her cunt. Karen moaned and fucked back down on him as she felt his hot cum flooding her hypersensitive pussy. She kept fucking him with fast jerking thrusts, wad after wad of his thick jizz shooting into her fuckhole.

Suddenly she felt a sharp pin of a hypodermic needle pierce her shoulder. She looked back up and saw Julia with a syringe in her hand.

"You bitch!" Karen slurred as her vision began to blur. "I knew I should have tied you up..."

Then she relaxed all of her muscles at once, her heavy sweaty body coming to rest on top of John. She could feel the fast rhythm of his heartbeat and the rasp in his lungs, and she groaned with both pleasure and disappointment. She had loved the feeling of thick jism spurting up her cunt, stinging her cunt walls.

To be continued...