 The fire crackled softly in the hearth and served as the only sound in Erika's room. It was just after midday, but the weather was cold and gloomy enough that Erika had to keep the fireplace lit all day. Last night, there was snow for the first time.

The old secretary sat next to the fire with a steamy cup in her hands, watching her young assistant walking impatiently back and forth.

"You said he was on his way back?"

"Yes, for the fifth time Lara. I received his pigeon this morning."

Lara sighed. She walked to the window and stared at the horizon. Still nothing but grey sky and wet ground. She folded her arms on the windowsill. It's been seven days.

A week ago, Erika roused Tarok from his room after she'd received a message by pigeon. One of Tarok allies in the region was besieged by a group of outlaws while escorting a caravan of traders. They managed to retreat to another fort two days away from here and had requested help.

"Do you really have to go?" murmured Lara as Tarok hastily put on his clothes. His men were already waiting for him outside. Tarok finished getting dressed and turned to Lara.

"Yes, I must help him. He's my closest friend. He had helped me more times than I want to admit. Northerners don't abandon each other, Lara."

"Can I come with you?"

"NO." Tarok cleared his throat. "Sorry, I didn't mean to yell. I can't. It's dangerous. I can't bear to put you in any kind of risk. You stay inside the fort and do whatever Erika tells you to do," said Tarok. He didn't raise his voice again, but his tone indicated that his demand was nonnegotiable.

Lara slumped on the edge of the bed, defeated. "This is so unfair. We've just got married. I didn't have a day with you yet and you have to leave already."

Tarok frowned. Lara hadn't cried, but she was very upset. Tarok sat next to Lara and hugged her. Lara melted in his embrace and returned the hug, feeling the warmth of his chest with her cheek.

"I promise I'll be back as soon as possible. I know this is hard for you; it is for me too." He pulled out of the hug and lifted her chin. "I have asked you to do this before, and I ask again: Can you be strong for me, Lara?"

Lara looked up at Tarok. "I will," Lara said. She didn't look as upset as before, but wariness appeared on her face.

"What if you get hurt?"

"I'm not worried, they're just a bunch of scruffy mountain thieves. They can't hurt me," assured Tarok. Seeing Lara not convinced, he added, "Look at me, Lara. Then look at my axe. Wouldn't you rather run away than stay and fight if you see me holding it and advancing towards you?"

Lara pondered for a few seconds before nodding. The worst thing that could happen to him was a few cuts, but Lara could patch him up with no problem now. Besides, minotaur healed fast. The thought soothed her stormy mind.

"And one more thing. Smile for me, Lara. I can't leave if the last thing I see from my wife is sadness."

Lara gazed at her lover's face and smiled. His request was too sweet not to comply. Smiling was not the only thing that she gave him though, as Lara leaned forward and kissed him. But before he could return the kiss, Lara ended it.

"If you want more, you have to come back to me."

"Can't I get even one more kiss?" asked Tarok. Lara shook her head firmly.

"Only when you return. So come back to me as soon as you can," said Lara with determination. It was one of the very few occasions in her life where Lara displayed resolute willpower.

Tarok gritted his teeth. He wrestled with himself mentally not to pull her in and claim that kiss. The fact that Lara was trying to be tough made Tarok find her even more charming. But he inhaled deeply and relented to her demand.

"Alright, I'll be back as soon as I can. And you should know that when I return, I want much more than just a kiss." The delicious threat made Lara's stomach fluttered.

"And you will come to see me as soon as you can?" asked Lara.

"I promised. And the day after I come back, I will announce our marriage to everyone. It should have happened today, but it seems fate is not kind to us."

"As long as I'm still your wife, I don't mind a little delay."

A loud bang on the door interrupted their conversation. Erika's voice told them that the men was anxious to leave.

"I should go," said Tarok. He went for a hug, which Lara didn't object. He sniffed her hair, taking in the scent of honeysuckle that he'd be sure to miss. Then Tarok stood up and walked out of the room. He closed the door while looking at Lara one last time. She smiled at him.

--***--

"Have patient, Lara," said Erika calmly. "He set off yesterday, and the trip takes two days, so if he came back here today, it wouldn't be until late at night." She sipped from the cup.

Lucky for Lara, Erika was wrong. In late afternoon, Tarok and his men as well as some other soldiers came clamoring back with a new wagon loaded with goods. Lara later learned that the merchants were so grateful for the rescue that they doubled the pay in the form of goods. Tarok was riding on that wagon, and sitting next to him was a bald, stocky man with a long beard. He was so big that Lara was sure Tarok was the only one bigger than him, except for his belly, he won on that count. The bald man talked and laughed loudly while Tarok, holding the reins, occasionally nodded or chuckled.

"That was Eustace, Tarok's closest friend and ally. He's a northerner, like Tarok. They have known each other since Tarok assumed leadership of his band. Looks like Eustace and his men comes back with Tarok," said Erika to Lara. Both women were watching from the top of the watchtower. Lara and Erika had rushed to get up there the moment they heard a guard shouted Tarok's arrival.

The wagons, packed with valuable goods, rolled into the courtyard amid cheers from the fort's garrison. The men didn't unload the wagons, however; they just left it in the courtyard. Several of them immediately went into the fort's cellar and brought out barrels of wine and ale. Outside the fort a giant fire was lit. It seemed that a celebration was in order. This annoyed Erika since they were taking stuff out of the stockpile and not telling her. The old woman promptly stormed down the step. Lara stayed behind. She wanted to run down and meet Tarok, but Erika advised her to stay out of sight until Tarok came to see her in private, since Tarok's men and the newly arrived guests didn't know that she was his wife yet. Being with Tarok before proper announcement could complicate things.

While Tarok was away, Lara followed Erika around the camp, and in the process, she made acquaintances with a few soldiers guarding the fort. Their general impression about her was that Lara served as Erika's assistant or maidservant and, of course, Tarok's slave, so they left her alone. From the few chats she had with them, Lara found they were rough, hardy men, but behaved cordially in front of her.

As people filed out of the gate to the campfire outside, Tarok suddenly glanced at the watchtower, looking up at Lara's direction. She waved at him, but he looked away immediately when his fat companion caught his attention again with a punch on the shoulder. Then he laughed. His stories seemed to always end with him laughing. The jovial big man had not left Tarok's side for even a second since they got off the cart. They joined the men outside, who was calling for their leaders.

Lara retracted her hand to her chest. She wondered if he saw her. Probably not. But Lara could have sworn he did look at her for a second. As her mind wandered, an unpleasantness started spreading inside Lara. She hurried downstairs as the wind was making her shiver. As she walked, Lara found herself alone. The fort was empty: everyone had come outside to join the victory feast. With nothing to do, she walked to Erika's room and sat there. The scene at the tower kept playing in her head despite her effort to push it away. She couldn't help but feeling more and more alone as she remembered Tarok looking away.

What's happening?

After thirty minutes of sitting in silence, Lara decided to head to the cellar. The sun had set, making the usually dark and damp room even more dingy. Lara watched Erika walking around the cellar, doing an inventory check. The only light source was the torch on Erika's hand and a couple others at the entrance. Lara sat on an empty barrel, her back against the wall. She heard Erika complaining about having to restock the store "just when winter has come". In the poorly lit room, the old woman couldn't see the worried expression on Lara's face.

Eventually five soldiers, already quite drunk, come down to carry off two more barrels of ale. They insisted that Erika join the party because Eustace "miss the old gal" and he "demand a rematch of that drinking game". Erika rolled her eyes exaggeratedly and refused, but when one man proposed carrying her out end-to-end like they did with the barrels, she sighed and relented. The men left the cellar cheering and laughing with Erika.

Alone again, Lara grabbed a piece of bread and a slice of cheese for dinner. Her hand was shaking as she put food in her mouth, she forced herself to swallow despite not feeling hungry. Her ears were numb to the sound of revelries outside, which was probably why she didn't hear the sound of footsteps until Tarok swung the door open and stepped inside.

"Lara," exclaimed Tarok. His face brightened under the torchlight, and he walked briskly to her. Lara jumped to her feet when she heard him called. Tarok approached her but stopped two feet away from his wife. He saw her grimace, which killed his gleeful mood.

"Is something wrong?" he asked. Lara stood by her spot. The cold reception from his wife left Tarok confounded. "Don't you miss me?" he asked when he saw her avoiding his eyes.

Lara blinked. Did she hear the hurt in his voice? "Don't I...Do you miss me?"

"What—yes, of course," Tarok answered as if Lara had just asked him if the sky was blue.

Both Tarok and Lara stared at each other with utter confusion. The silence between them was broken when Lara finally burst. "I miss you. I miss you so much. I waved at you from the tower, but you didn't respond. And you didn't come to see me like you promised. I though you didn't care about me anymore."

Tarok listened to Lara without saying a word. He took a step forward and knelt.

"Lara, you save my life. You are the reason that I live, I can never stop caring about you," Tarok whispered to his distraught wife. "And I miss you too. So much. I come back as soon as I can to see you." Tarok stroked his head. "I didn't see you waving at me. I do not forget my promise, Lara. Eustace is very happy with our victory. He'd been following me around all day and I can't just ignore him. I decide to keep him company until the party's over to see you. That's way we can have all the time for ourselves."

Lara listened, and she understood. It would be weird if he left his best friend to see a girl that everyone thought was his slave. "How do you know I'm here?"

"Erika told me. She came and kept him occupied, leaving me some time to find you."

Lara sighed in relief. All her doubts and worries had been proven false. Hearing Tarok explanation touched Lara so much, she reached forward and hugged him.

"I'm so sooo sorry. I'm such a fool for doubting you," Lara apologized.

Tarok froze. His mouth opened when Lara touched him, but no words came out except a deep "arghh" groan.

"Oh gods, are you hurt?" Lara stepped away from him immediately, her eyes scanned his body for cuts and bandages, but there was none.

"Urghh. No, it's...not that." Tarok grunted as he stood up. He turned away from Lara and adjusted his pants. He inhaled deeply and turned back to his confused wife.

"Do you remember what I said about minotaur's need?"

Lara eyes widened as she remembered. Then she became flustered too.

"But...I only hugged you."

"It's been a week. I miss your scent, your touch, and, well, you. A lot."

Lara heard his timid confession and her confusion turn to bemused understanding.

"I had to return to the party, they are probably wondering where I'm going. After it is done, we can be together. I'm sorry you have to be alone this evening. I make it up for you tonight. This I truly promise."

"I believe you. I'll wait for you in your bedroom."

"No, Lara. It's our bedroom."

Lara smiled and nodded. She wanted to jump onto him and kiss him so much.

Tarok walked to the back of the cellar and pick up two barrels. He carried each one on his shoulder and walked to the door. Lara watched in awe as he easily performed the work that needed four adult men to do.

"Tarok, wait," shouted Lara. Her husband glanced back at her from the doorway. "Please don't take this the wrong way, but can you...take a...bath before coming in?"

Tarok laughed so hard that he almost dropped the barrels. "Of course," said Tarok. Then he disappeared.

Lara was relief that Tarok took her request in good humor. She loved him, now more than ever, but he spent a week on the road, and it really showed when she hugged him.

Lara left the cellar and run to the bedroom. She was angry with herself for doubting her wonderful husband, but for now, Lara put it aside. The horrible feeling inside her was gone; her husband truly and deeply loved her, and he desired her so much that even a touch from her aroused him. The thought of him getting an erection from a hug made Lara chuckled.

Lara walked to the bedroom. Before she entered though, she took a bath in the pre-bedroom washchamber and wore her husband's favorite fragrance, honeysuckle-scented oil. After the bath, Lara lit the fireplace and made the bed. She pushed the blanket aside. With Tarok's home, she wouldn't need it anymore.

Lara brushed her wet hair with the help of a mirror. Erika found it when Tarok first moved into the fort. The previous owner of the fort left trinkets and old furniture behind in the dusty cellar. The mirror was caked in a layer of dust and rust, but after a day of heavy scrubbing, it reflected light well enough for her to use. Lara guessed that the mirror belonged to the wife of the commanding officer because of the flowery decoration of the frame, and she probably threw it away because of the broken handle. Lara had always wanted a mirror as a child, but her mother couldn't afford one. To think there were a time the kingdom was prosperous enough that people could throw away a still usable mirror. Lara sighed.

Lara pulled from the bedroom wardrobe a mass of dark gray pelts and set it on her lap. It was a half-finished winter cloak with a sewing kit in the middle. Might as well work on her things while waiting, Lara thought. Erika supplied the fur from the fort's storage. Lara had spent the past couple of days working on it for Tarok, even though Erika suggested it wasn't necessary. "He had thick enough skin already" was her rationale, which Lara wasn't sure was a joke or not. She planned to make one for the old woman too, after Lara was done with this one.

The winter cloak was the second piece of clothing that Lara made. She's actually wearing her first one: a white chiffon night dress. Unlike her modest cotton shift, this one was sheer and shorter, due to a lack of material. The dress cut off just below her butt, exposing most of her legs. It was the first time Lara had ever worn something that short, even skimpier than the tattered gown she wore in the forest. Lara felt somewhat anxious wearing it for the first time, but she told herself that only Tarok would ever see her in it. Besides, she looked forward to seeing his reaction.

Lara worked on the cloak for almost an hour. She was in the middle of putting the finishing touches to it when she heard the door creaking open and the imposing figure of Tarok loomed in the doorway.

"Tarok," Lara exclaimed. She put the unfinished cloak on the nightstand and stood up. She was about to run towards him, but she stopped when Tarok closed the door and turned to her.

He was naked.

Lara stared at him slack-jawed. He had obviously taken a bath—Lara saw moisture on his skin—and he hadn't bothered to put his clothes back on. The fort was empty, after all. On his left hand, Lara saw his pants and tunic, and on his right, a towel.

When Tarok saw his wife, it was his turn to be stunned. After he was sure that everybody was efficiently drunk enough for him to sneak off, Tarok came inside. While washing himself, Tarok drew up plans of what to do when he finally got his beautiful wife in his arms. Maybe he would start with a little cuddling or kissing and petting; then, he would move on to the long-awaited fumbling under-the-sheet fun. Whatever it was, he planned to make his wife the happiest girl in the kingdom tonight. The cold water cooled his head enough so that he didn't walk in the bedroom with a jutting erection.

Then he saw his wife in that dress. His stunned eyes scanned her pale, exposed shoulders covered only under two thin straps which connected to a nightgown that he had never seen before. That dress did a wonderful job of showing off the elegant curves of Lara's petite body due to its sheerness. His gaze inevitably dropped down to her smooth creamy legs unhidden by the short nightgown. And those thighs, by gods those juicy thighs. Lara looked outrageously cute in her new outfit.

The sight of her exposed legs pumped so much blood into his crotch so fast, it would have made a normal man pass out. Tarok didn't pass out, but something in his head snapped. Something primal. His heart went to overdrive, sending waves of lust through his body, crashing through the dam of conscious restraints.

In two wide leaps that was more like a predator's lunge, Tarok closed the distance between him and his wife. Lara didn't even have time to realize what had happened until she was swept up her feet and dropped on the bed with Tarok above her. Lara yelped, but since her lips were immediately claimed by Tarok's mouth, no sound but a muffled "mmmm" escaped her throat. Lara was trapped between the bed and hundreds of pounds of muscles above her. The sultry heat from his body, compounded by the effect of alcohol, enveloped her like hot water in a bathtub.

Tarok hands went for her breasts, but the fabric of the dress prevented him complete access. He growled like a wolf being denied its share of the meat. He broke the kiss and raised himself up.

"Wait, Tarok, let me undr..."

But he couldn't wait. Lara saw for a second the blazing blue fire burning in his eyes, full of desire and lust before she noticed his hands. They grabbed the neck of her dress and in one swift motion, tore it cleanly in half. Lara was too shocked to even gasp.

Tarok eyed her now completely expose chest and at the two pink hard peaks rising and falling with her abated breaths, and it drove him mad. He palmed her chest with one hand and the other roamed freely on her body, both kneading the smooth soft flesh of her body. While his hands played with Lara like a doll, he lunged and devoured her pale neck. There were no soft kisses like Lara used to, this time Tarok sucked and licked with abandon. After a particularly delicious moan from Lara, he even bit her once, like a predator toying with its prey.

Lara was completely at his mercy now. She swooned and whimpered every time he pinched her nipples hard enough that her back arched. She froze with trepidation when she felt his teeth on her throat. His teeth sank not too much that it hurt, but good enough that Lara couldn't resist craning her neck, giving him better access to her most vulnerable body part. Her husband's aggressiveness scared Lara witless, but it also filled her with a newfound excitement, so much that her pussy quickly dampened.

Tarok's animal nose sniffed the scent of Lara's desire, and he changed his target. The desire to sink his cock to her wet channel was all-consuming. Tarok shifted his body forward and dug his nose into her hair, one of his hand grabbed Lara's shoulder and held her in place while he sniffed and nudged. Lara's mind was almost reduced to mush, being submerged in this new desire of submission to Tarok's want. But the small part of her brain that was still awake noticed that Tarok was repositioning his cock for penetration. His cock poked her thigh as Tarok shifted upward. Her body immediately froze. It was so hard and hot on her skin, his length felt like newly forged iron. Lara grabbed his shoulder. "Wait, Tarok, not yet," she whimpered.
