 I hope everyone is enjoying the story so far. I know it's quite different from the original series but I wanted to head more into the magic/supernatural side of things. If you have any suggestions, constructive criticism or themes you'd like to see added that would fit into this world or even if you are just enjoying the story please let me know in the comments!

*****

Alex lay awake as Kono slept soundly curled up next to him. Despite their first night together nothing else had happened between them. They were only sharing a bed for appearances sake. Alex looked down at the small woman next to him. She had been quiet when they had first met and then suddenly taken out three large demons without even breaking a sweat. Alex had first assumed she was quietly confident but after four days together alone he had realized she was actually quite shy and insecure. 

She had been extremely open and even slightly aggressive during sex but the next morning she had reverted to her quiet self. She had hidden her body when Alex had accidentally walked in on her showering and she had made no mention of their night together, acting as if it had never happened. He had caught her stood looking down at her own breasts one day while she was cooking breakfast and she had seemed startled and embarrassed when she noticed he was there. 

Alex found it strange, having all the strength and powers of a demon yet being shy about how she looked. He didn't understand why she didn't just use her powers to change it if she wasn't happy with it. He lay there wondering when he heard a sound coming from down the hall. He listened and heard what sounded like a door closing.

"Kono," he whispered quietly while shaking her awake.

"Huh?" Was all he got in response as she sleepily rubbed her eyes. Alex suddenly felt protective of her as he looked down at her. With her hair messed up and her sleepy expression she was the textbook definition of cute and adorable.

"I heard something," he said, focusing on the immediate problem. Kono suddenly seemed to snap awake, watching the door intently. They waited in silence for a few moments before the bedroom door swung open. A large breasted, black haired woman walked in looking like she had just left a night club. She wore a short black dress that exposed most of her cleavage and tall heels with strips of material that wrapped around her ankle and lower calf.

"Well well, I thought you'd be fast asleep by now," she purred in a sultry voice.

"Who are you?" Alex asked, buying time to assess the situation.

"That doesn't matter. In fact, you won't even remember I was here," the woman smiled as she began to approach. Kono climbed off the bed standing between the woman and Alex. The woman smiled and waved her hand but nothing happened. She looked puzzled, obviously this want part of her plan and neither was Kono kicking her hard in the stomach, sending her flying into the wall behind. She hit the wall hard and slid down it, letting out a small gasp as she fell unconscious.

"Well that was easy," Alex chuckled. He had expected much more of a fight.

"She's just a low level demon," Kono replied. She walked over to the unconscious woman and picked her up effortlessly. Holding her against the wall with one hand she held out the woman's arm and said something Alex couldn't hear. A band of light appeared around the woman's wrist and held it in place. Kono repeated the process until each of the woman's limbs was secured.

"Will that hold her?" Alex asked.

"It should. I don't know a lot of magic but I'm good with restraints," Kono replied. Alex didn't want to ask why but he could assume. Next they called Corvac and Ashley, before Alex even hung up the phone they appeared in a flash of light. Corvac walked over to the woman on the wall and studied her. 

"A succubus, don't see many of those running around, usually they're more solitary demons. I wonder why this one is helping Azalith," he commented.

"Why don't we ask her?" Ashley replied, gesturing to the woman who was beginning to stir.

"The fuck?" The woman muttered as she realized she was bound to a wall. She looked at the group of faces and smiled sheepishly. "Well this is awkward..."

"Who are you?" Corvac asked.

"The names Meg, who are you?" The woman replied.

"That's not important, why were you here?" Corvac continued.

"Why would I tell you that?" Meg replied.

"Well you're pinned to my wall for a start," Alex interjected.

"Good point. Frankly I don't see what the big deal is so I may as well tell you, Azalith asked me to keep an eye on some people and make sure they didn't remember their old lives. It seems you do though," Meg replied looking straight at Alex.

"Well that was easier than I expected," Ashley chimed in. The group agreed she was right, that had been way to easy to get her to admit.

"Why are you telling us this so freely?" Corvac asked.

"As I said, what's the big deal? So what some peoples memories have been changed, they're all happy and healthy so what's the problem? Although frankly I don't understand why Azalith cares so much if they remember," Meg pondered.

"Do you know what she is planning?" Corvac asked.

"Planning? I don't know anything other than she told me to check on people and report back if there were any problems and in exchange she would give me a reward," Meg replied.

"What kind of reward?" Covac asked. 

"I don't know, she just said a reward and when Azalith asks for a favor, you don't say no," Meg replied. Corvac looked at the group and took them into the hall where Meg wouldn't be able to hear them.

"Ok so it seems she doesn't know anything. Frankly she could be lying but I don't think she is. Azalith is unlikely to tell her anything of importance and succubus aren't exactly the brightest of demons," Corvac whispered.

"What exactly is a succubus?" Ashley asked.

"A sex demon," Alex replied quickly, getting a strange look from the others.

"I don't want to know how you know that," Ashley replied.

"He's right. Succubus are all about sex. Often in popular culture they're depicted as evil creatures that suck the life from men by having sex with them. While that's partially true, they never kill and most of the men rarely notice anything wrong. At most they wake up the next day feeling like they have the flu but after a few days they recover. I imagine that's why Azalith asked Meg over other demons, a succubus is naturally excellent at seduction and their powers can be used to put people into a trance, a handy skill if you want to keep someone who may be freaking out compliant," Corvac explained.

"So what do we do?" Alex asked.

"Kill her," Kono replied simply.

"Let's be sure she doesn't know anything else first," Corvac cautioned. The group followed him back into Alex's bedroom where Meg was still attached to the wall waiting for them.

"So what's the plan? Kill me? Let me go? Keep me here forever?" Meg smiled, she didn't seem the least bit concerned about her current situation.

"You really don't know anything about Azaliths plan?" Corvac asked.

"Nope, not a thing," Meg replied.

"What if I told you that she was trying to cast a ritual to free Lucifer?" Corvac asked. Megs eyes went wide as she heard that name.

"You're joking right? No-one can free him!" She replied.

"I'm afraid I'm not, from what I've been able to tell she's been collecting magical artifacts, specifically ones created by religious people. I think she's going to use the power of those items to free him," Corvac explained while studying Meg intently. She looked panicked and he became sure she didn't know what Azalith was planning.

"You have to stop her," Meg replied eventually.

"We plan to and you're going to help us," Corvac replied much to everyone elses surprise.

"Are you sure that's a good idea?" Alex asked.

"Trust me, if she is trying to free Lucifer I am on your side. I like how the world is now and do you have any idea how much harder surviving as a succubus would be if he destroyed most of the world?" Meg cut in.

"Exactly, she has much more to gain from helping us than she does from helping Azalith," Corvac smiled.

"Indeed. Look I get it, she fucked up your memories and I helped with that. For that I am truly sorry. If I had known what she was doing I would never have helped her," Meg pleaded to Alex and Ashley.

"So why don't you want Lucifer free?" Ashley asked.

"Because from what I've heard he isn't a fan of half breeds," Meg replied.

"What's a half breed?" Alex asked Corvac.

"It's a general name, either for a human that was turned into a demon or a demon who was born with a human parent," Corvac explained.

"Humans can turn into demons?" Alex asked. He had thought only the angels cast out of heaven were demons.

"Yes, it's a process of dark magic only few practice," Corvac grimaced at the thought.

"Well it was either that or die, which would you choose?" Meg countered.

"So if we spare you, you will help us?" Ashley asked getting things back on track.

"Yes of course, I like living," Meg smiled. Corvac moved in front of her and recited a spell Alex and Ashley didn't understand. They watched as he waved his hand down Meg's body as it began to change. Her clothes melted away and her body began to change to its demon form. Her skin turned a shade of violet as her body became the definition of a teenage boys wet dream. Her legs were slender and toned, her hips curvy with a tight ass and her stomach was flat. Two large breasts defied gravity as they stood proudly from her chest. She was stunningly beautiful, even her purple eyes seemed to lure Alex in as he looked at them. The horns that sprouted from her head didn't phase him but the two wings that exploded from behind her broke him out of his staring.

"Well that was rude," Meg complained. Corvac didn't reply and carried on chanting as a brand appeared on Meg's stomach. She moaned lewdly as the brand flashed and disappeared.

"There, you are now bound to me," Corvac states matter of factory, ignoring the trail of fluid leaking down Meg's thigh from her smooth, plump pussy.

"What does that mean?" Ashley asked.

"Simply really, she can't transform into her human form without my permission and if she tries to betray us I can kill her wherever she is," Corvac smiled.

"Well, don't you just know how to woo a lady. Now how about these restraints?" Meg asked, struggling against her magical bindings to emphasize her point. Kono looked at Corvac who nodded. She waved her hand and the restraints vanished as Meg gracefully dropped to her feet.

"Now what?" Alex asked. He wasn't happy they were trusting this demon but they needed all the help they could get. 

"Do you know where Azalith is? How do you report to her?" Corvac asked Meg.

"I don't, she contacts me. She did give me this in case of an emergency though," Meg replied producing a stone that looked the same as the one Corvac had given Kono.

"Well this bring her right to us but we aren't exactly prepared to take her on," Corvac grumbled.

"So what do we do?" Ashley asked.

"We need allies," Corvac stated.

"Got anyone in mind?" Alex asked.

"Maybe. I'll be gone a few days. Kono will stay and keep an eye on Meg. While she's bound to me she won't be able to turn human and if she tries anything I'll know and stop her," Corvac explained.

"She's stood right here you know," Meg complained as Corvac vanished without another word. Kono looked at her darkly before exiting the room.

"So what exactly is a succubus?" Ashley asked Meg.

"We're demons just like the other except our power is based around lust and sex. Demons can gain power through various means. The worst kill humans and use their souls as sources of power. Succubus also use souls but we leave people mostly unharmed and they recover after a few days," Meg explained.

"So what can you do?" Ashley continued.

"What do you mean?" Meg replied.

"I mean I know demons have all kinds of powers and strengths, is there anything specific to a succubus?" Ashley asked enthusiastically.

"Anything one demon can do, any demon can do. Succubus is more of a title. It just means we've specialized in magic surrounding lust and sex. I've never been interested in having power to rule the world or whatever other demons desire. As far as I'm concerned sex is the greatest thing in life so I dedicated myself to learning all the skills that would help me get it most," Meg grinned.

As curious about all this as Alex was he had had enough of demons and magic for one day. He left the Ashley and Meg to talk and went through to find Kono watching TV and joined her. It didn't take long before the excitement of the day took him over and he fell asleep.

Ashley was enthralled by Meg. Not through any power or magic but by sheer wonder that a demon would dedicate their whole life to sex. On one hand she understood it, she loved sex especially when magic was involved but on the other she wondered why someone with the potential for so much power would limit themselves to just using it for sex. 

"So what did Azalith do to you then?" Meg asked.

"Don't you know?" Ashley replied.

"Well I know she changed your memories and stole something from you but that's about it. What's your story?" Meg answered and asked.

"Yeah she did. Alex and I used to be just step brother and sister, my mom married his father and when we first moved in together we hated each other. So my mom sent us to a therapist. What we didn't know at the time was she was a friend of my moms and had a magical coin that, among other things, allowed me and Alex to swap bodies," Ashley began.

"So we started off having dreams of being in each other's bodies but we soon learnt they weren't dreams. When we confronted the therapist she came clean and lent us the coin she had been using on us. Through the shared experience Alex and I fell in love. We returned the coin and managed to track down another for ourselves. I can only guess that is what Azalith took," Ashley finished.

"Banging the step brother and using magical items to swap bodies, how delightfully naughty," Meg giggled.

"That wasn't all. My mom had a pair of rings that let whoever wore one change their gender without changing the rest of their body," Ashley grinned.

"You mean like this?" Meg smiled back as a large cock sprung from her crotch. Ashley recoiled in surprise making Meg laugh.

"That's awesome," Ashley muttered staring at the demonic member. She didn't know why she was so shocked by it. She had seen and even experienced magic do the exact same thing to her before but seeing a demon do it without any items still seemed to surprise her. Meg judged from the wetness she could sense forming between Ashley's her little surprise had also excited her.

"I can only assume you miss having your magical items," Meg smiled as she gently stroked her cock. 

"I do, I'm jealous," Ashley replied, her eyes glued to the cock in front of her. She stopped staring long enough to look at the rest of Meg. Her demonic form was extremely sexy. Every inch of her violet skin was smooth and enticing making Ashley want to kiss and stroke it. Her large breasts were equally inviting, sitting proudly on her chest with perky nipples sitting erect and just asking to be played with.

Ashley couldn't resist anymore and dropped to her knees, grabbing Megs cock with both hands and shoving it in her mouth. Meg gasped and smiled as she placed her hands on the back of Ashley's head, pressing gently and encouraging her to take more in her mouth. Ashley obliged and slowly slid forward, feeling the head of Megs cock pressing against the back of her throat. She didn't want to end too quickly though and backed off, focusing on using her tongue and teeth to tease every inch of the member in her mouth.

Meg groaned in appreciation at Ashley's ministrations. She had spent so long doing Azaliths dirty work that the only release she had got recently had been from people she had to ensnare with her magic, it was nice getting some attention from a willing participant for once. She groaned as Ashley suddenly pushed forward, attempting to slide the entire length of her ten inch cock down her throat. Despite Ashley's almost none existent gag reflex she struggled with the size and Meg used a small amount of magic to help her. She watched Ashley's throat swell as all ten inches slid smoothly into it. 

It didn't take long for Meg to groan as she approached orgasm. Ashley felt her cock begin to twitch and moved back, sliding the whole length free of her throat. Meg looked disappointing as her cock fell free of Ashley's mouth but smiled as Ashley stood up and began to undress. Meg watched her as each item of clothing dropped to the floor. For a human Ashley was extremely attractive. Her body was toned and slim, yet her breasts were much larger than they should have been for someone of her stature making Meg think Ashley had had breast implants. A quick magical check revealed she indeed had and Meg grinned, subtly casting a spell to make Ashley's breasts real. 

She watched as they changed shape slightly, becoming more natural looking while retaining their size and perkiness. Ashley groaned and grabbed her chest as a wave of pleasure rolled through her, starting from her nipples and spreading out until it enveloped her whole chest.

"What did you do?" Ashley asked breathlessly. 

"Just made you more natural is all," Meg smiled. Ashley walked over to her and kissed her hard, leading her back towards Alex's bed. She pushed her back and climbed atop of her so she was now straddling her. She reached down and grabbed Megs still excited cock and stroked the head against her slick entrance. With no hesitation she pushed the head inside herself and dropped her hips, sinking down onto the entire length as she groaned in satisfaction.

Unknown to Ashley, Alex was getting aroused in the other room too. Kono had laid down, using his lap as a pillow and felt is cock begin to harden in his pants. She looked up to see he had woken up and was looking at her with lust in his eyes. His cock swelled against her head and she propped herself up on one elbow as Alex reached down and wordlessly unzipped his pants. His cock sprung free of its confines and stood proudly inches away from Konos face. She looked at it and reached out, grabbing it hesitantly. 

Alex sighed as he felt her fingers wrap around his hot member. He didn't know why but he was extremely horny and desperate for release. Kono looked at him perplexed but began to stroke his cock anyway. She gently slid her fingers up and down his shaft as he closed his eyes, relaxing back and enjoying having his cock played with. She worked her hand up and down, teasing him occasionally by rubbing her fingers around the head of his cock before resuming her stroking. 

Ashley rocked her hips up and down, grinding on the cock inside her. Meg laid there enjoying the view of the beautiful, large breasted blonde rocking up and down on top of her. She reached up and massaged Ashley's breasts, kneading the pliable flesh in her hands while flicking her thumbs across her nipples. Ashley moaned in appreciation and began to bounce up and down, massaging the length of Megs cock with her wet tunnel. 

Alex looked at Kono pleadingly, he wanted to feel her warm mouth on his swollen member. She seemed to get the hint and gave the tip of his cock a slow, teasing lick. His cock twitched in response to the pleasure and she felt herself smiling. Feeling confident she took the head into her mouth, swirling her tongue around the hot flesh and tasting his manhood. Alex tensed as pleasure rolled down his cock causing it to swell harder. Kono ran her lips across the sensitive skin, bobbing her head up and down slowly, drawing out as much pleasure as she could.
