 "You want me to tell Erika? About us? Now?"

"Now or next week, whenever you want. She's bound to find out sooner or later. We don't need to hide things from Erika. I trust that woman with my life, Lara."

That conversation kept playing again and again in Lara's head, she didn't realize she was already in front of Erika's office. She knocked and walked in after hearing "Come in".

"Something's been keeping you?" asked Erika as Lara settled in her chair.

"In fact, yes. Well..." Lara fidgeted in her seat. She deliberated briefly the best way to break the news, then decided to simply be direct and succinct. "It's about me and Tarok..."

When she had recounted everything that'd happened this morning, Lara saw Erika was visibly intrigued. The old secretary didn't drop her jaw in shock, but modestly intrigued.

"You knew, didn't you? That he had feelings for me? I remembered you asked me what I think Tarok's opinion of me was? You said I need to figure it out by myself," said Lara, feeling dumber and dumber as she spoke. Now it seemed so obvious.

Erika nodded. "I had my suspicion. That night when he pulled you onto his lap—right on my bed behind you—you didn't look scared like a girl being manhandled by her brute master. Instead, you looked embarrassed. Then, there's the fondling," Erika smirked as she reminisced while Lara grew redder, "Tarok isn't the type to care about subtleties. But he keeps appearances around me, cause I'm the only woman around him. And yet, I had never seen him doting so conspicuously on a girl like that before." The look that she gave Lara when she said "doting" make Lara wished she could somehow sink lower in the chair.

"It was hard to believe that a minotaur could love. But Tarok is not a typical minotaur, isn't he? He has a human side."

Lara wholeheartedly agreed. This was not supposed to happen. Minotaur did not love. And yet, Tarok was the living contradiction. Lara remembered fondly the way he touched her when she was in his arms, how passion flow through them when their lips touched, how pure the adoration shown in his eyes was when he looked at her. Her innocence prevented Lara from see the true meaning behind those acts before, but now that she had seen, how could she call those things anything else but manifestations of love. And the love she felt from him is entirely human.

"Lara?"

Lara jolted in her seat. "Yes, I'm here," she smoothed her dress and sat upright. "Sorry, I'm still trying to absorb everything. All of this just happened an hour ago."

Erika looked at her, then out of the window. When her eyes returned to Lara, she saw the old women's gaze grew more serious. "Lara, are you sure you want to stay with him? He set you free, and it's a big world out there. You're young, you're beautiful. You still have a life ahead of you. If you try, I'm sure you can find a more fitting match, one with social standing or wealth. Tarok is just a soldier."

"You're right. Being a Verea's faithful, I will have many chances to choose my partner. But of the twenty years that I've been alive, the days with him are when I feel happy the most. A duty of a Verea's priestess is to find a love that is true, and I believe with all my heart that Tarok's the one for me. I want to be with him. I love him, Erika."

If Erika had any more doubts about Lara's intention, the determination in the young girl's voice put them to rest. Erika reached forwards and held Lara's hand.

"Then I'm happy for you. I don't mean to be dismissive of Tarok. I said what I said, because I care about you. If you decide to stay, I'm happy too. I'm glad to have another woman around here. Gods, I've been among men for too long," sighed Erika as Lara beamed at her.

---***---

That day, all the slaves were freed and led by a group of soldiers to the nearest city to be released. There was confusion among the soldiers about this sudden change, but Tarok made his intention clear to all through a speech. In it, he announced from here on, there would be no more raiding and enslavement, and Tarok's band of mercenary would earn money through honest soldier work. There were some grumbles and murmurs among them, but overall, no one voiced any objection.

The muted reaction surprised Lara. Erika explained that slavery was not the way of life for these northern men. Tarok had only begun to own slaves a year ago after he went south, so these men were not accustomed to the practice yet. Therefore, after the speech, the men just shrugged, and life returned to the way it's always been.

Tarok and Lara spent the day separately. He continued with the fortification in preparation for winter while she served as Erika's right hand. As Lara and Erika were the only two women of the camp, they had dinner separately from the men. But as soon as supper was done, Tarok immediately went to pick Lara up from Erika's office and the couple headed to the bedroom. The first time that happened, he surprised both women when he showed up at the door after dusk and said he was waiting for Lara. As Lara bid the old woman goodnight, she couldn't help but flush when she noticed Erika's amused glances at the smitten minotaur, who was too busy eyeing his lover to notice.

Lara of course voiced her protest later in bed. She didn't want Tarok to busy himself with such trivial errand, and she could come by herself to the bedroom. But when Tarok murmured that he "want to see you as soon as I can", the indignation she felt for him disappeared and Lara melted by his side. She edged closer to Tarok and rewarded him with a kiss on the cheek. That drew a satisfied sigh from him.

As perfect as her time with Tarok was, Lara had been thinking about one aspect of their relationship lately, one which would no doubt come up in the future.

The topic of lovemaking had been absent in their relationship. And both knew why.

Lara wondered if Tarok had been thinking about it like she did. He had to be. Tarok had such a strong desire for his mate, and being with him had helped Lara found her too.

However, Lara was still bound by her vow with Verea. There's only one possibility that she could keep her vow and move forward in her relationship with Tarok. The fact was, in these times of uncertainty, Lara was ready to settle, no matter how unconventional a match Tarok was.

---***---

One week later.

"Your wound has healed almost entirely," gasped Lara.

"I told you. Minotaur heals quickly."

Lara was holding the old bandage as she examined Tarok's wound, or what's left of it. It was hard to believe that a wound from a deep-plunging knife would heal in a fortnight. The gaping gash had closed and left behind a formidable scar. Lara put the old bandage aside and wrapped the new one around Tarok's torso. Usually, one of Tarok's medic would treat his wound, but because it was not so serious anymore, he preferred Lara to do it. "Remind me of our night in the forest" was his explanation to Lara. She gladly agreed.

As soon as she had finished tying the knot of the bandage, Lara found his arms snaked slowly around her waist. She giggled when he playfully pinched her skin.

"Does my patient need anything else?" said Lara.

"Well, my neck's quite stiff." Tarok flashed a toothy grin.

Lara smiled knowingly. She knelt in front of him and massaged Tarok's thick corded neck. Having spent so much time with him, she'd learned what made him happy. Apparently, his neck was one of the more sensitive part of his body, and he loved having her little dainty hands touching it.

Lara hugged his neck for leverage and give him a peck on the throat. She heard a gasp from him. However, it was Lara turned to be surprised when he lifted her up and dug his muzzle into her hair and sniffed deeply. For a second, Lara scrambled to hold on to Tarok and her hands flailed on the nape of Tarok's neck. Suddenly, his body tensed up, and he exclaimed, seemingly out of pain, and let go of Lara.

"What's wrong Tarok?" asked Lara after seeing the contortion of pain on his face. He rubbed the area under the back of his neck that Lara had hold on to.

"I'm fine. You just found my sweet spot."

"Your sweet spot? What's that?"

"It's the tiny area under the back of my neck that if you touch it, my whole body freezes and I'm unable to move. Calm down Lara, it didn't hurt much, it's only painful when you pressed it hard. You merely brush it."

Lara stared at Tarok blankly. "I have never heard of anyone having a sweet spot before."

"Me neither, but that because I didn't go around asking. It was something I was born with. My mother found out about it when she was scratching my head one day," Tarok chuckled as he reminisced, "it was when I was small enough to lie on her lap and get head scratches. It was the most effective way mother knew to make me stop running around the house so much."

"You like getting head rub, do you?"

"Who doesn't?" answered Tarok, and as if to prove his point, he cupped his giant hand behind Lara's head and ruffled her hair. Lara giggled and pushed his hand away.

"Keep this a secret, will you?" asked Tarok.

"I will."

It was hard to believe, that a big strong warrior like Tarok could be subdued simply by pressing a point on the back of his neck. Then, a mischievous smile appeared on her face, and she chirped, "Does this mean even a girl like me can defeat you in a wrestling match?"

Tarok didn't share Lara's humor however. His face hardened into a serious frown.

"Lara. This is a matter of life and death to me. You are the only one in this world who knows about my sweet spot. If anybody else does, especially my enemy, I could be in grave danger. Do you understand?"

Lara's smile withered. She nodded quickly. "Yes, of course. I promised to never tell another soul."

Tarok's face relaxed after Lara's assurance. "Thank you. Besides, if we were standing up, I doubt you could reach my neck anyway," he said and grinned.

With that joke, the tension in the room dissipated. Lara laughed.

"You have never told this to anyone, not even Erika?"

Tarok shook his head.

"And you trusted me with this important secret? We have only known each other for two weeks, and you've known her for years."

His deep blue eyes looked at her tenderly as he spoke. "I love you, Lara. I just know that I can trust you," said Tarok. Lara's eyes suddenly welled up from his words. She blinked the tear away.

If there had been any lingering doubt or hesitation, they were no longer. The fact that Tarok had trusted her so much had moved Lara to ask the question that she'd been pondering.

Lara looked up at him, into those blue eyes that filled only with love. Love for her.

"Tarok, I know this is sudden, but," Lara forced herself to look straight at him in the eyes, "do you want to...um, make love to me?"

Judging by his wide-eye stare, Tarok didn't expect that question at all. His forehead wrinkled as his mind devised an answer. His face became somber.

"I would love nothing more, if I could. But you have a vow with Verea, and I understand. I'm happy with how things are. Seeing you happy is enough for me." He pulled Lara closer. "From that moment in the forest when you pleaded with me to stay alive, I had lived for you. And I still do. I can live without sex, but I can't live without you."

Tarok's confession breached the deepest part of Lara's heart, and from it, emotions that'd been contained inside her the entire night burst open along with her tears. Lara held on to Tarok's chest as she wept. Tarok just did what he did best in case like this, which was providing a comforting embrace.

Eventually, Lara calmed down. She pulled away from his arms and knelt in front of him. She held his hand and said between sniffles. "Tarok, as a faithful of the goddess of love, my lifelong duty is to find a partner that I truly love, so that my love with him symbolizes the power Verea on this world. I can't imagine that I will ever meet anyone who loves me more than you. Tarok, I want to spend the rest of my life with you. I want, in the future, that I am to be your wife, and you my man."

Tarok's jaw dropped at her suggestion. "You want to marry me?" asked Tarok with abated breath.

Lara nodded. "I know you have no faith in Verea, and marriage is a strange thing to minotaur, but it'd mean a lot to me if we are joined under her blessing."

"Is that even possible? Verea is a goddess of man, and I'm not even human."

"Don't say that," protested Lara, "You're human to me. Verea teaches me to believe in the power of love, and we do love each other. That's all that's matters."

Even though his eyes didn't leave hers, Lara could tell that behind them, his mind was thinking about this very hard.

"You said that you want children. I can't give you that," he muttered.

Lara nodded. "Tarok, I am the luckiest girl in the world. When I was enslaved, I thought my life was over. But instead I met you and was blessed with the love of my life. I can't ask my goddess for more. If I can't have children, then it's fine. I accept what was given to me."

She said with the tone of certainty that made Tarok smiled. She had put a lot of thought into this matter.

"And, of course, when I do become your wife, we can be...more intimate," said Lara bashfully. The subject of sex made her face blushed with pink. Tarok laughed. He pulled her in for a tight hug. Lara, his wife. He liked the sound of that.

"If this is truly what you want, then I see no reason to say no," Tarok said.

Lara breathed out in immense relief, and the bright smile returned to her pretty face. She had worried that Tarok would view marriage as a pointless thing, especially in hard time like this. If he had said no, it wouldn't be a big problem for Lara, she wanted to be with Tarok no matter what.

Lara explained to him that to be married, they needed to be at Verea's temple in Merinth to perform a small ceremony, and it would not take long.

"After that, we'll be husband and wife," Lara concluded.

"In Merinth huh? Then we should set off early tomorrow, we will be there just before noon," said Tarok eagerly.

"To--tomorrow?" exclaimed Lara. "That too soon. I was thinking of like, in a few months."

"Lara, winter's about to come. If you want to get to Merinth, we need to go before the snow fall. There will be no fighting in the winter, so we can have all the time for ourselves. And I want to spend as much time as possible with my wife."

The way he emphasized the word "wife" made Lara's stomach fluttered. She suddenly had a vision about spending all winter with Tarok, cuddling at night under the cold weather, doing what married couple do. She flushed with excitement.

"Then...I guess tomorrow is fine," Lara said.

---***---

Lara could barely sleep, and she woke up early the next day. As soon as the first light of day peered through the window, Lara disentangled herself from Tarok carefully. She got off the bed, dressed herself and tiptoed out of the bedroom. Before going to Merinth, there's something she needed to do.

"Coooming. You couldn't wait until the sun rises to bother me?" Erika complained as she opened the door. "Oh, Lara? Sorry I snapped at you. Too early," she yawned. "What do you need?"

"Can I come in? There's something I want to ask you."

"Uh, sure." Erika stepped aside, letting the young girl in. After they had seated, Lara told the old woman about her intention to wed with Tarok.

"This is a big decision for me, and I hope that you will approve of this," Lara finished. She looked at Erika expectantly.

"But both of you have already decided. My opinion isn't going to change anything."

"You are important, Erika. You are his trusted advisor, and I consider you as a friend, my only friend. Your acceptance would mean a lot to both of us."

Erika smiled. "I appreciate that. From what you've told me, I see you have thought hard about this decision. If you think he is right for you, then go ahead, be married. I'll take care of the festivity."

"Festivity? You mean this will be a public thing? I'd rather keep this between you, me and Tarok," Lara said quickly.

"Of course you have to be public about this. If the men found out that their chief get married without telling them, or worst, telling them but without the proper festivity, there will be mutiny. Well, not really. I exaggerated. The point is, Tarok had been with his men for years, he would never hide from them. That would be bad for morale. Look, I understand that you want a private ceremony. Do that in Merinth, then we will have a feast here in a couple of days, after Tarok had introduced you as his wife. Trust me, this is the best way to do this. You get the wedding that you want, and Tarok and his men get what they need: a happy occasion after the past gloomy days."

Lara couldn't think of any better way, so she just nodded.

"Oh, I just remember. I have something perfect for a wedding." Erika stood up and went to her trunk. The old woman searched through her things before pulling something out. She walked to her seat and handed it to Lara. It was a circlet, large enough to fit a woman's head. The thing was made of two bronze bands twisted around each other. It was old, judging by the faded color, but the metal felt strong and sturdy.

"It's a bridal crown. In the north, it is tradition for a village to have one of this. The elders in the village keep the crown and when a girl marries, they lend it to the bride. It looks bare because the bride is expected to decorate the crown with her own jewelry. I'd wedded wearing it too. When it was my mother turn to keep it, the war with the non-humans broke out. My family had to run away, and it had been in our possession since. When my mother died, I inherited it. It was the only thing left of my old life," Erika paused for moment. She stared at the circlet and sighed. "Anyway, I want you to have it. No, no, don't be shy, keep it," she waved her hand dismissively at Lara, who was about to protest, "I'm not going to remarry. It's more useful in your hand. Consider it my wedding gift."

Lara looked at the crown. It was a beautifully crafted piece of jewelry and was probably the most expensive thing she had ever had.

"I don't have anything to decorate it," said Lara.

Erika observed Lara as she spun the crown slowly in her hands. The old woman remembered when she first saw Lara, the girl had nothing on her except the clothes on her body and a few trinkets in her satchel.

"It is tradition, but not necessary," said Erika. She looked out of the window. "Jewels can have many shapes and color, but they aren't as beautiful as nature. It's not yet winter. I'm sure you'll find something."

Lara thought for a moment about Erika's words. Then she got up, bid the old secretary farewell, and after a grateful hug, quickly return to her sleeping lover.

---***---

It was almost midday when Lara and Tarok reached Merinth. They rode in the deserted town on a horse-drawn cart. Lara had the white priestess dress on, while Tarok wore tunic and pants. The temple of Verea sat on the outskirt of the village, on the other side of the town; therefore, they must pass through the entire village before reaching it. As she looked around, a keen sense of sadness overtook Lara. Her hometown, the place she had lived since she was laid at the temple's door twenty years ago, was now abandoned. The streets were empty and filled with litters, there were houses with upturned furniture and broken windows. Lara didn't realize she was shaking until Tarok put his hand behind her back and pulled her closer to him.

"I'm sorry, for causing all of this," he whispered.

"I'm fine, Tarok. If your men hadn't come, then someone else would. It's dangerous out here."

As they approached the temple, Lara could see that someone had broken into it violently. She walked over the fallen front door, which still had the broken padlock hanging to it.
