 This is a continuation of the Unconventional Therapy world with Ashley and Alex. While it would be a benefit to have read the previous story I'm trying to make it not a requirement. This story will be different from how the previous story went with different themes and more expansion into the world of magic itself.

*****

Ashley danced her way over to an attractive young man sitting alone. He was looking right at her with a mixture of interest and something else. Ashley smiled, she loved having the attention of men, especially ones she found as attractive as the one sat in front of her now. She reached him and turned, straddling backwards as she teased the waist of her bikini bottoms. She watched as he struggled to decide what to do and smiled, being a stripper was a lot of fun but even more when it was someones first time. 

"Don't worry baby, just let me take care of you. You just sit there and relax," Ashley smiled as she pressed her ass into his lap. She could feel his erection through his jeans.

"You don't remember me do you?" The man replied. Ashley turned to look at him while still dancing, she would be scolded if she was caught just talking to a customer. She studied his face but was sure she had never seen him before.

"No, why have we met?" She asked casually.

"Nevermind, my mistake. You just seemed familiar," the man stuttered before gently pushing her off him. He stood up and walked out of the club. Ashley just shrugged to herself, putting it down to yet another weird customer which wasn't uncommon in this line of work. She smiled and moved on to the next man she saw, hoping for a good tip.

Alex left the club and kicked a piece of trash in anger. Ashley had no idea who he was, just like the rest of his family. He thought back to three years before. The last thing he remembered was looking at an auction offering two rings that matched the ones his step mother, Kate, and his father had. They weren't just any rings, they were magical and could swap the reproductive organs of those wearing it from male to female or vice versa. The next memory following that was a few months later when Alex had woken up in a strange apartment. 

Although it wasn't strange, when he woke he remembered it being his apartment. He had lived there for years after his parents had died. He had remembered growing up in a foster home then moving out as soon as he was legally able. He had scraped by doing any job he could before he had landed a manager position at a local supermarket. He had worked there quite content, until two months ago when he had woken up one day and realised everything he remembered about his life was false.

His mother had died, that part was true but everything else was wrong. He hadn't grown up in a foster home, he hadn't worked crap jobs or in a supermarket and he definitely hadn't moved out into this apartment. And yet, he could remember all of those things. He had two sets of memories inside his head but he knew which were real and which were fake. If he wasn't thinking about it, this second set of memories of a life that wasn't real were just like stories in his mind, his real memories had returned some how and taken center stage where they belonged.

Although some were missing. He remembered everything, all the way up to his and Ashleys therapy sessions, the magical items he had been amazed to discover, falling in love with Ashley but after that, things were blank. There was no bridge between those memories and him waking up in the strange apartment. He had returned to his house to find that his family no longer lived there. He had tracked down his father who had no memory of every having a son, he had tracked down his step mother who also had no memory of him or her own daughter Ashley. Ashley had been his last hope but she didn't know him either.

He was determined to find out what happened. While most people would think they were crazy, having two sets of memories and thinking people who claimed to have never met you were their family, Alex knew he hadn't gone mad. Something had happened, he knew magic was real and existed and knew what it could do. What he wasn't sure was whether it was powerful enough to change the lives of four people, make not just them but the whole world forget everything they had done. And why was Alex the only one to remember? That was the question that plagued him the most.

He had tried to think of anything he could have done to restore his memories. At first he thought someone had secretly helped him or he had had accidentally come in contact with a magical item that had done it but the more he thought about it, the less he believed it to be true. Whatever the cause, he was glad to remember. At least now he had a chance at fixing all of this. The only problem was, he had no idea where to start.

He decided to head home, at least there he could relax and plan what to do next. He climbed in his car, the one part of his life that had remained the same, before driving home. Closing the door he leaned on it and sighed in frustration. He was to busy lamenting his situation to notice the chopping board on the side he definitely hadn't left out. What he did notice though was the sound of his TV, which he definitely didn't leave on as he rarely used it. Alex walked through cautiously to find a man sitting on his sofa watching TV with the remains of a sandwich on the coffee table in front of him.

"Who are you? What are you doing here?" Alex asked firmly despite being freaked out finding a stranger in his home.

"Ah I was wondering when you would get back, the names Corvac" the man replied, shutting off the TV and standing up. He offered his hand but Alex didn't shake it, still wary of the stranger in his home.

"What are you doing here?" Alex repeated.

"Well I heard you had a problem. Woke up one day, realised your life was wrong and everything had changed. Sound familiar?" Corvac asked.

"How did you know?" Alex said, leaning against the wall. His fear of the intruder had suddenly changed to intrigue.

"Let's just say it's my business to know these things. Luckily for you, I can help. Now I hope you don't mind but I did some research. You're not the first person to have this happen to recently and everyone effected has one thing in common. You all owned magical items," Corvac stated.

"How many others?" Alex asked.

"Fifty three total that I could find, including you and your family. The strange thing is you're the only one who can remember their old life," Corvac answered.

"How did you find them? Just who are you?" Alex questioned. He was happy to find someone that could maybe help him but equally cautious. For all Alex knew this man was the one who caused all this.

"There's more to magic than you think. The world of the supernatural is large and complicated and much more dangerous than you know. For now lets just say I'm someone well versed in the supernatural and I'm feeling charitable and willing to help you out," Corvac replied.

"That still doesn't answer how you found me or the others," Alex pushed.

"Right. Well that bits easy. Just by luck I ran into someone, they had traces of magic about them so I looked into them. Turns out they had been effected by the same thing you had. I looked into them more and found out their whole family had been effected. So I started looking into it, you know just out of curiosity and in my search I found another family, same thing had happened to them. After that I found more and more until I found you," he explained.

"So did you do something to make me remember?" Alex asked. He thought he already knew the answer but wanted to be sure.

"No and that's what is so interesting. I didn't do anything and as far as I can tell no-one else did either. Some how, you overcame the effects by yourself and remembered. I still don't know what we are dealing with here so I can't even begin to guess what happened," Corvac admitted.

"What do you think happened? You must have a theory at least," Alex replied.

"I do and before I tell you this, don't freak out," Corvac told him. Alex nodded and Corvac continued. "I think it was a demon."

"A demon? They're real?" Alex gasped, his eyes wide at the idea.

"As real as you and me. You already know magic is real, is a demon that much more of a stretch after that?" Corvac responded. Alex thought for a moment.

"I guess not. It's just there's a big difference between a few magical items and full blown demons," Alex countered.

"True. Although they aren't what most people think. Most don't want to harm humans at all, in fact many demons rely on humans being happy and healthy to survive. Anyway that's besides the point. What I need to know first is what was the last thing you remembered before your memory changed?" Corvac asked, suddenly seeming serious.

Alex studied the man. He was odd, something about him seemed not quite right. He looked normal. He was slightly shorter than Alex, probably around five foot eleven. He had sandy blonde hair that seemed wild and unkempt and enough stubble to suggest he hadn't shaved for a couple of days. He had a strong English accent and wore simple clothes of jeans and a shirt with the sleeves rolled up. He had a large dragon tattoo that stretched from his wrist, curling all the way up his arm before disappearing beneath his sleeve. He was strong too, at least he seemed it from his solid looking muscles. Even still, Alex was still bigger but he definitely had to be careful around this man.

They spent a few minutes talking about what Alex could remember. Where his old life stopped, the time gap between and his new life starting. He explained about his family, how his dad never knew him, how Ashley had gone from an intelligent woman to a stripper bimbo who had no idea who he was. 

"What about the items?" Corvac asked.

"What items?" Alex replied, lost in thought about Ashley. The idea of her dancing and fucking other men really upset him.

"The magical items you came in contact with, what were they?" Corvac pushed.

"Ermm well..." Alex hesitated.

"Come on lad, don't be shy. There's nothing I haven't seen before," Corvac stated.

"Well there were a few, it started with a coin that could swap bodies," Alex admitted.

"Pagan right? I've come across those before. They're harmless, anything else?" He pressed.

"Rings that could swap genders," Alex replied. He had never spoken about this to a stranger before and he felt himself becoming embarrassed.

"I've seen them too, a lot of fun if I remember right," Corvac grinned and Alex felt himself relax.

"You think what's happened is related to them?" Alex asked.

"I'm sure it is. As I said everyone effected had been in contact with something like that but I can't work out why," Corvac replied.

*****************

Back across town Ashley was finishing her shift. She was happy, she had made good money tonight and had one last private booking with a regular who she knew would pay well. She fastened her coat and went to the VIP section. It wasn't really a VIP section, more of a private part of the building where the girls could provide certain services to the more well off clients. She made her way down the corridor and opened a large heavy door.

The door lead to a well lit room with a bed in the centre. She smiled as she spotted her client sitting on the bed. He looked at her with an animalistic grin as she took off her coat to reveal her outfit. It was a black corset that left her breasts exposed paired with a black g-string. A pair of thigh high latex boots completed the look.

She walked over and knelt down in front of the man. He smiled and leaned back and she unclasped his belt and released his already erect cock. She grasped and gave it a few strokes before licking the tip. She swirled her tongue around it's head before taking it into her mouth. She knew this wouldn't last long before the man would stop her. As if on cue he pushed her back and stood up. 

Ashley playfully resisted, knowing it was what he enjoyed as he forced her to her feet. He bent her over the edge of the bed, holding her hands behind her back with one hand as he struck her ass hard with the other. Ashley cried out as her flesh stang from the blow but this only earned her another. 

The man released her and pushed her forward as he tugged at her g-string. She lifted her hips, raising her ass into the air to make it easier for him to pull her underwear down. She gasped as his fingers entered her wet slit before being withdrawn and quickly roaming over her clit. The finger was replaced by the mans cock as he unceremoniously rammed it into her.

The man wasted no time in finding a rhythm of rough hard thrusts. He slammed into Ashley's wet tunnel with his entire length on each stroke, pushing as deep into her as he could. Ashley had taken bigger cocks plenty of times but it didn't make it any less enjoyable as he slammed into her.

She grunted and groaned, half acting half enjoying the activity as the mans breathing grew heavy. She felt the first tingle of her orgasm approach but knew he would finish first. She reached down, snaking a hand under her stomach to find her clit. She rubbed it vigorously, determined to bring herself to orgasm before this was over.

Her efforts were rewarded as her toes curled and her legs twitched as she screamed out in pleasure. Her orgasm rocked through her just as the man reached his own. He pulled out and stroked his cock quickly as it sprayed its load over Ashley's ass. Ashley continued to stroke herself idly, basking in the tingles of pleasure in her post orgasm state. 

Without a word the man redressed and left the room. Ashley grabbed a towel and cleaned herself up before following him out. She collected her earnings from her boss before heading home for the night.

She arrived back at her apartment. It was nice, larger than most in the area and in a nice area too. Most people looked down on strippers but with the money Ashley was pulling in, she didn't care. She got to show off her body, have great sex and get paid more than most for doing it. She couldn't imagine life any other way.

********

Alex pondered everything Corvac had said. He suspected a demon was behind the events effecting everyone as only they had the power to make such wide scale changes to peoples memories. Apparently mortals could learn magic too if they had the natural talent for it but Corvac had never heard of a human who could change so many peoples memories, it wasn't just the people themselves effected but the whole world never remembered their interactions with the people either.

The main thing that was troubling Corvac right now was why a demon would target people who had come into contact with magical items. A demon was already powerful, much more than the items themselves so why would one need them? It was too many people for it to be a coincidence, especially as most of the people had never had any contact with magic in another way. It had to be about the items, but why?

"Maybe they want the magic from them?" Alex suggested.

"No, the power in the items pales in comparison to what even a lesser demon can do. Taking the magic from them would be like throwing a bucket of water into an olympic sized swimming pool, the difference would be negligible at best," Corvac replied.

"What if they were using them for themselves?" Alex tried again.

"Again, demons can shape shift at will so why would they need the items you had. There has to be a connection I just can't see it and usually I'm pretty good with these kinds of problems," Corvac lamented. The two men sat in silence for a while both thinking of what to do next.

"What about the other objects, what were they what did they do?" Alex asked.

"They were all religious... Oh bollocks," Corvac replied.

"What?" Alex urged.

"Religious objects. Magic religious objects. That's what they want them for!" Corvac continued.

"What are you talking about?" Alex complained confused.

"Sorry. You know the story of lucifer right?" Corvac asked.

"He was an angel that disobeyed god and was cast out of heaven to become the devil right?" Alex replied.

"Right except it wasn't just Lucifer, there were other angels too. He was their leader so got the brunt of the attention in history but there were a lot of angels on his side. Most just wanted to voice concern to god but got caught up in gods wrath and were cast out all the same. They fell to earth to become demons. Lucifer wanted to smite the humans to spite god but most of the angels who were cast out blamed him. They tried to win gods favour by locking Lucifer away but it didn't work," Corvac explained. 

"What does that have to do with us?" Alex asked.

"There's only two ways to let Lucifer out of his prison. The first is for god to let him out but that isn't going to happen. The second is for ten holy mages to cast a ritual spell to release him," Corvac continued.

"So assuming I believe you. Assuming God is real and Lucifer is locked away, I still don't get how these items connect to any of that," Alex replied.

"Because that's how they'll release him. They chose ten religious mages because they knew ten holy men would never let Lucifer out. It's would literally go against their every belief, it was a perfect way to make sure he never got out. BUT if a demon could find a way to take the power of ten religious men, say by extracting it from magical items they created, then they could use that power to break the lock," Corvac finished.

Alex sat in silence. He had struggled finding out magic was real and now some strange man was telling him not only was god real but the devil too and some demon was trying to free him.

"Are you sure? Would that even work?" Alex asked concern in his voice.

"I honestly don't know, it's never been tried before," Corvac admitted.

"Well what can I do to help?" Alex offered.

"First we need to find out which demon did this, that will give us an idea of what we are up against. For that, we are going to need your step sisters help," Corvac replied sounding much more serious.

"She doesn't remember anything though, how can she help?" Alex replied.

"The memories are still there and we are going to restore them!" Corvac grinned and for the first time in a while Alex smiled.