 "You're going to help me restore Ashleys memories? Do you know how? Was it you that did it do me?" Alex asked excitedly.

"Yes, yes and no. I don't know how you got your memories back but now that you have we can use you to restore hers. That's why whoever did this went to such great lengths to change everyones memories. If no-one can remember anyone, then no-one can be used to restore people. But now you have yours, it's a different story," Corvac stated.

"So what do we have to do?" Alex asked, he would do anything to get Ashley back.

"First we need to go to the strip club and hire a private session with her. I highly doubt she would just let two strangers walk into her home and for what we're going to do we'll need the privacy," Corvac explained.

"Well she isn't working again until tomorrow evening," Alex replied. He knew her schedule as well as she did at this point.

"Good that gives me time to explain what we are going to do," smiled Corvac.

The two men spent the rest of the evening coming up with a plan. Corvac explained that Alex was going to enter into Ashleys mind. Once there it should represent itself as something familiar to Alex, usually it was a corridor or a house with memories behind different doors. Alex would have to navigate the rooms until he found the right memories. There would be specific ones that would trigger Ashleys memories and make her remember but Corvac couldn't tell Alex what they would be. He would have to find that out for himself. All he could say would be it would likely be a strong emotional event, whatever that may be.

They went to sleep and went over the plan again the next day. Finally it turned to evening and they set off to the strip club where Ashley worked. It was still early and they were some of the first customers but they spotted Ashley on the stage. Corvac left Alex alone for a short while before returning with drinks.

"Alright it's all set up. Once she finishes her shift I've booked for a little private time for the three of us in one of their VIP rooms, we have two hours of being undisturbed to get this done. You probably won't need that long but it's better to be safe than sorry. The last thing you want is to be pulled out of her mind too soon. Trust me, it's not a pleasant experience," Corvac chuckled.

The two men sat and waited, watching Ashley work. She finished her set on stage before moving into the crowd, dancing and grinding on various men and a few women as they all stuffed money into her waistband and cleavage. Alex felt himself growing jealous, he still loved Ashley and seeing her being so intimate with complete strangers got to him. He could only hope she would remember how she used to feel about him once this was done.

Corvac mentioned it was time as Ashley disappeared through one of the staff only doors. Alex got up and followed him to another door that lead to a long corridor with lines of doors on one side. They passed three doors before Corvac stopped at the fourth and let himself in. Alex followed and found himself stood in a sparse room with just a bed in the middle. Corvac sat down on the bed but Alex chose to stand, he could only imagine what was on those sheets or when they were last washed.

After a few minutes waiting Ashley entered the room. She was wearing a string bikini that barely covered her intimate areas. Her breasts spilled out either side of the material and the small triangles of cloth barely covered her nipples. She grinned as she saw the two men, recognizing Alex from the night before. She was wondering if she was going to see him again and getting to fuck him with his equally attractive friend was a bonus. She felt herself get wet at just the idea of the two men filling her holes. 

"So how do you want to do this?" She said in her most seductive voice as she sauntered over towards the bed. Corvac reached out and took her hand as she came up next to him.

"Somnum," he said softly and Ashley collapsed onto the bed. 

"What did you do?" Alex asked, concerned for Ashley.

"I put her to sleep. We couldn't exactly just ask her if she minded you going for a trip through her mind now could we," Corvac replied as he manhandled Ashley onto the bed properly.

"I guess. What now?" Alex asked.

"Lay down next to her and I'll do the rest," Corvac assured him. Alex hesitated for a moment, he was putting a lot of trust into a man he had only just met. Eventually he laid down, deciding this was the only choice he had to have at a chance to get his old life back.

Corvac pulled a few items from various pockets of his coat, placing them around the bed. He instructed Alex to hold Ashleys hand as he began to chant in a language Alex didn't know. A familiar feeling began to take over Alex, one of him leaving his own body as he was whisked into Ashleys mind. The world went black and he found himself floating in a void of pure darkness before a flash of light blinded him.

He felt his feet touch solid ground and opened his eyes. He looked around and found he was stood in the corridor outside the room he had just been in except this had doors on both sides. He opened the one closest and was surprised by what he found. Inside the room Ashley was bent over a bed, an unknown man was spanking her firmly causing her to cry out in pain. 

"Hey!" Alex called, disliking what he was seeing. The man and Ashley both ignored him as he delivered another firm blow to her backside. She groaned and smiled, enjoying the dual sensations of pain and pleasure. Alex watched as the man pushed two fingers into Ashley's wet twat and began to thrust them harshly in and out. Ashley groaned in pleasure and gripped at the bed sheets.

Despite his jealousy Alex felt his cock getting hard seeing Ashley writhing in pleasure. He snapped himself out of his staring and marched over to the couple. He went to grab the man but almost fell as his hand passed straight through the mans shoulder. Alex was confused, what was happening? It wasn't until that moment he realized he was actually inside Ashleys mind.

"This must be one of her memories," Alex muttered to himself. He turned and looked at the pair. The man was now lining up his cock with Ashley's slit. Alex turned away and went back to the door, closing it firmly behind him. His cock was straining in the confines of his pants but he ignored it. He took a deep breath and calmed himself, that probably wasn't going to be the worst he saw in here.

He tried the next door, unsure of what he would find on the other side. This one was just of Ashley cooking dinner at home. It was her new home which actually was quite nice. Alex stood in the center of a large kitchen as Ashley cooked. She was wearing comfy clothes which was similar to what she often wore back when they were together. He felt a pang of sadness as he saw her, she looked more like his Ashley than he had seen since he had got his memory back. 

More determined now to get her back he left her behind and walked back out of the door. He tried a few more and found various memories of Ashley at home or out in town doing day to day stuff like shopping. Alex was happy to see her but was growing frustrated, he had tried over a dozen rooms now and not found a single memory from her old life. He reached the end of the corridor and found it split in both directions. He wasn't sure whether to turn left or right, he had no idea how to navigate this place. Were the memories in any kind of order, were the ones he had just seen the most recent or were they random?

That's when he realized he had no idea how long he had been here for. It felt like hours but surely Corvac would have pulled him out by now. He had no idea how much time was left but decided not to waste anymore. He turned left and found another door. He pushed it open and walked in.

Inside a woman was bound to a chair. She wore a black latex bodysuit that covered every inch of her from head to toe. Even without being able to see her, Alex knew it was Ashley. He had seen her in enough latex outfits to recognize her. She was bound with her legs spread and a machine quickly thrusting a dildo in and out her her pussy. She was moaning loudly through her gag and thrashing against her restraints. A man was sat naked in a chair in the corner, casually stroking herself as he smoked a cigar and watched Ashley squirm. 

Alex felt his cock harden again as he watched her begin to buck her hips. She was reaching an orgasm, whether it was her first or tenth Alex couldn't tell but her whole body began to shake. The man watched and smiled as every muscle in Ashleys body began to spasm. He picked up a remote and pressed a button and the machine slowed to a stop. Ashley slumped back in her chair, panting hard as her body trembled in aftershocks of pleasure.

Alex watched as the man approached her, removing the gag from her mouth and replacing it with his cock. Ashley didn't fight but didn't look enthusiastic, she just kept her mouth open as the man forced his cock into her throat and began to thrust. The wet gagging noises followed Alex as he left the room. He shook his head and forced himself to focus on why he was here. 

He tried more doors, finding Ashley in more sexual and non sexual situations as he went but as far as he could tell they were all from her new life. The further he went down the corridor the more of the same he saw. He stopped and turned around, thinking to himself. Maybe if everything down this corridor was her new life, perhaps everything the other way was her old one. It was the only theory he had and he set off back towards the junction. He passed straight across it until he reached the first door on the other side.

He pushed it open and was excited to find himself in his old house. Ashley was sitting on the sofa watching TV. He heard the door open and watched as another version of himself walked in and sat on the sofa with her. They began chatting about mundane things but Alex was full of glee. The fact they were sitting and talking meant this memory was some time after they had been to see Sandra and had started getting along. The conversation sounded vaguely familiar but he couldn't recall it.

He stepped out of the room and went to the next. This time it was Ashleys bedroom and they were both inside it. He saw himself naked wearing a chastity device and heard Ashley teasing him about it. He remembered that one well. He didn't stick around to watch events unfold, he knew he was getting closer.

He tried a few more doors and found various memories, all of them seemed to involve him in some way. Whether it was just sitting and talking or them fucking, he was happy to see the memories were still here. He stepped into another door and for the first time in a long time, found himself in his old bedroom. He was sat at his computer and Ashley was sat on the bed behind him. He remembered this, this was when he was showing her what he did for work. 

He listened to himself explaining what he did and how he did it and saw Ashley looking at him and smiling. She wasn't really listening, just gazing at him as he spoke. It was only when Alex stepped further into the room did she look away and looked directly at him.

"Alex!?" She gasped, jumping to her feet.

"Ashley? You can see me? You remember me?" Alex replied confused.

"Yes I can see you and yes I remember you, what are you doing here?" She asked. 

"It's a long story. The short version is someone or something messed with our lives and our memories. You forgot everyone you ever knew, including me but someone is helping me to restore your memories," Alex explained.

"This isn't a dream?" Ashley asked. It was her turn to sound confused.

"What? No? Why would you think it's a dream?" Alex asked.

"Every night, when I fall asleep, this is where I come. No matter where I am, I have this dream. I've never understood it, I thought you were a figment of my imagination but now you're telling me you're real and this is a memory?" She asked sounding skeptical.

"Yes and we need to find a way to restore it so you can go back to being you," Alex replied. Ashley hesitated for a moment, she wasn't sure if she wanted to change. She was happy with her life. But at the same time, she always felt there was something missing and something told her to trust the man stood in front of her.

"Ok, what do we need to do?" She asked.

"Follow me," Alex replied, taking her hand. He wanted to embrace her, hug her and never let go but there were more important things to do. He pulled her towards the door before stepping out. He looked back as Ashley stepped through the doorway and suddenly the world went white.

Alex found himself laid back on the bed, Corvac stood over him looking concerned but breaking into a smile as he saw Alex open his eyes.

"Welcome back, just in time too. Another fifteen minutes and I'd have had to pull you out," he grinned.

"Wait, what happened? You didn't pull me out?" Alex replied.

"No, whatever you did must have worked, either that or Ashleys mind rejected you," Corvac replied. Just as he finished talking Alex noticed Ashley stirring next to him. She rubbed her eyes, looking around confused before noticing Alex sat next to her. She stared at him for a moment before tackling him to the bed and pinning him down while she kissed him passionately. Alex kissed her back as Corvac looked away sheepishly. 

"Alex..." Ashley smiled as she broke away from the kiss.

"You remember me?" Alex asked hopefully.

"Yes, I remember everything. Wait, you were inside my mind!" She gasped.

"Yeah, it was the only way to reach you," Alex replied.

"What did you see?" She asked, feeling embarrassed. While she didn't care about being seen having sex, her exhibitionist side actually quite enjoyed it, she felt shame about Alex seeing her with other men. 

"It doesn't matter. The point is I found you. I don't even know what happened," Alex admitted.

"The dream you found me in, or rather the memory, that was when I first realized I was in love with you," Ashley replied.

"That'll be it. You found a strong emotional memory and managed to bring it out which pulled the rest with it," Corvac explained to Alex before turning to Ashley. "Where are my manners, my names Corvac, it's lovely to meet you," he smiled, taking Ashleys hand and kissing it gently.

"Alright, back off," Alex interjected jokingly. It was only then Ashley remembered what she was wearing. She grabbed the sheet off the bed and covered herself with it.

"It's nothing I've not seen before love but here, this might work better." Corvac smiled as he removed his long coat and handed it to Ashley. She thanked him and took it,sliding it on while using the sheet as cover before tying it tightly.

"This is kind of crazy. It's like I have two sets of memories. How is that even possible?" Ashley asked.

"We will explain all that on the way home," Alex replied.

"Home! Holy shit I need to call my mom!" Ashley cried out.

"You can't, she doesn't remember us. She doesnt even remember having a daughter," Alex told her.

"What? How can she not remember me?" Ashley replied sadly.

"Like I said, I'll explain everything on the way," Alex repeated. Ashley nodded and left the room to go clock out while Corvac and Alex waited outside. When Ashley arrived she was wearing normal clothes again and handed Corvac his coat back.

"So where to?" She asked cheerfully, wrapping her arm tightly around Alex's. Alex led the trio back to his car and drove back to his apartment. Corvac stopped them as the climbed out of the car.

"You to go in, I'm going to go and check some things out and I think you could use a night alone. I'll meet you back here in the morning," he smiled. 

They said goodbye and thanked him again before heading into his apartment. They put their things down and Ashley grabbed him, pulling him into a kiss.

"I missed you," she said between kisses.

"You couldn't even remember me," Alex replied.

"I know but now I can I know how long we've been apart. How did this even happen?" She asked. Alex lead her to the sofa and sat down before he explained everything from the magic items to the possibility Lucifer was real and about to get released. Ashley took it all in her stride, after what she had just experienced she believed every word.

"So what do we do?" She asked once he had finished talking.

"I don't know, we will just have to see what Corvac says tomorrow," Alex replied.

"Well in that case we have tonight free to do what we like," Ashley purred and Alex knew exactly what she was referring to. He pulled her in and kissed as they hurried to undress each other. There was no hesitation, no foreplay. They stripped naked and Alex was already rock hard. Ashley straddled him and grabbed his cock, it felt familiar and right and she needed it inside her right now. She lowered herself onto it, taking the full length and groaning in satisfaction.

Alex let her take the lead and grabbed her ass as she began to ride him. She kissed him before moving down and kissing his neck. He spanked her playfully and she responded by gently biting his ear. She giggled which quickly turned into a moan as she bounced up and down on his cock.

Alex grabbed her and rolled her over, switching their positions so he was now on top. He thrusted into her with hard long strokes, using his entire length to pleasure her tunnel and pushing in as deep as he could. It took less than a minute before she screamed out in orgasm, raking her nails down his back as she wrapped her legs around him, pulling him deeper into her. 

Alex grunted and increased his pace as he felt his own orgasm approaching. A few thrusts later he buried himself to the hilt as he emptied his load inside her. Ashley groaned as another smaller orgasm rocked through her as she felt him fill her insides. 

They laid there holding each other as they recovered, enjoying once again being in each other's arms. Ashley had been with many men in her other life but none had compared to Alex, not even close. Even the most vanilla of sex with him was more satisfying than anything she had done with anyone else. 

"Thank you," she whispered softly.

"For what?" Alex asked as he brushed a stray hair from her face.

"For coming for me. I loved my life but it's infinitely better with you in it," she smiled before kissing him gently.

"Someone's going soft," Alex teased.

"I'm not the only one," Ashley grinned as she wiggled her hips. Alex stood up and pulled his now soft cock from inside her before wandering to the bathroom naked. Ashley heard the shower start and followed him. 

They spent almost an hour in the shower making up for the lack of foreplay previously before moving to the bed and fucking again. They fell asleep quickly after that and were awoken by a loud banging at the door. Alex got up to answer it, throwing on some boxers on his way and found a very troubled looking Corvac.

"We have a big problem," he said, pushing his way inside.

"Which is?" Alex asked as he shut the door.

"I know which demon we are dealing with. Azalith!" Corvac replied.

"Am I meant to know who that is?" Alex asked.

"You might know her by her other names, Azmodaus or Lilith, depending on which gender she decided to be at the time," Corvac replied.

"Not ringing any bells," Alex admitted. Corvac looked at him like he was an idiot before deciding to explain.

"She was Lucifers right hand man, or rather woman. She was right there with him when he confronted god and stood by him every step of the way. She even tried to stop the others from locking him away but obviously she failed. Last I heard she had gone missing, no-one had seen her for years but now there's talk she is back. It can't be a coincidence she reappears just as this happens to you. Not to mention she would easily have the power required to pull something like this off," Corvac sighed.
