 Ashley noticed Kono staring at her as they ate and smiled to herself. She finished her food before 'accidentally' letting her towel fall slightly, exposing her right breast. She suppressed a giggle as Konos eyes flicked between the ground and her breast.

"What's wrong Kono?" Ashley asked sweetly.

"N... Nothing," Kono muttered.

"She's shy about how much more confident you are than her," Alex chimed in causing Kono to give him a scathing look.

"Why's that? Surely a millenia old demon isn't shy around a couple of little humans," Ashley teased, tugging her towel to expose her other breast. 

"It's.. It's just... How are you not embarrassed about being like that around people?" Kono asked.

"It's only a naked body, everyone has one under their clothes," Ashley replied.

"I know, it's just... Aren't you worried about people judging you?" Kono asked quietly.

"Not really, I'm happy with who I am and I'm confident enough to show it off. I can help you be too if you want," Ashley offered with a smile.

"Really? How?" Kono asked sounding equally excited and nervous.

"Come with me," Ashley ordered, standing up and letting her towel drop to the floor as she walked naked to the spare room she had claimed as her own. Kono hesitated for a moment, unsure if she wanted to follow or not. She looked at Alex who simply smiled and shrugged his shoulders before she hopped off the sofa and went after Ashley.

Alex chuckled as he watched Kono go. He didn't know what Ashley was planning but he knew Kono was not going to like it but he knew if anyone could bring out her confident side, it was Ashley. He knew Kono had a confident side, he had seen it first hand the first night they spent together and again yesterday morning when Meg had swapped their bodies. It seemed when she was distracted by pleasure, she forgot all about being shy.

Alex gathered up the dishes and took them to the kitchen before washing up and putting it all away. He was beginning to wonder what the two women were doing when he returned to the sitting room, they had been in Ashley's room for almost an hour. He debated going and knocking to check on them but decided against it, not wanting to intrude on Kono if she was already shy about whatever Ashley was trying to do. Knowing Ashley it was likely to be something devious.

His assumption was proved right almost half an hour later when Ashley appeared in the doorway. Alex looked up at her and saw the grin on her face as she reached behind her and dragged Kono into the room. She was clad from head to toe in a latex bodysuit that covered every inch of her skin. It had various zips to expose different parts of her body but right now the only holes in the suit were her nostrils. Ashley guided her towards a chair and sat her down. Alex could see she was shaking but he couldn't tell if it was from nerves or excitement.

"Well I wasn't expecting this," he admitted.

"It took some convincing but eventually I persuaded her to try it," Ashley smiled.

"Any particular reason why?" Alex asked. While he was enjoying seeing the skin tight latex clinging to every inch of Kono's body he wasn't sure what Ashley was trying to achieve.

"Well she said she didn't know how I was so confident being naked in front of people so I tried to get her to try it. She wouldn't do that so I thought latex was a good middle ground. You can practically see every detail of her body but without her actually being naked," Ashley replied.

"Are you ok Kono?" Alex asked.

"MMMfff," Kono replied nodding her head.

"The gag was just a bit of fun," Ashley chucked. Alex looked and noticed he could see a small lump in Kono's mouth under the latex he hadn't noticed before.

"Where did you even get that suit from?" Alex asked.

"It's one of mine, I brought it with me," Ashley smiled.

"Firstly I like how all the things to bring you thought you'd need that and second, how does it even fit her? You two aren't exactly similar in size," Alex pointed out.

"That was her doing, she changed it's size to fit her. Which reminds me," Ashley countered as she left the room. She reappeared a moment later carrying a pair of metal shackles, linked with a chain. Taking Kono's wrists behind her back she placed the shackles on her and clicked them closed.

"Couldn't she just break out of those if she wanted?" Alex asked.

"Not these ones, Corvac gave them to me in case Meg got out of hand, they suppress demonic powers, including her strength," Ashley explained.

"MMMMMMMMM," Kono whined through her gag as she struggled against her restraints. Ashley giggled, she hadn't told Kono about that part. Alex suppressed a laugh as he watched Kono struggle. He had been in a similar position before himself once when he and Ashley had swapped bodies and she had trapped him in latex too.

"Are you sure you're ok with this Kono?" Alex asked. He still wasn't sure how this was meant to help with her confidence and how easily it was to get wrapped up in one of Ashley's schemes so he wanted to make sure she was alright.

"She's fine" Ashley purred, lightly stroking her finger across Kono's nipple that was straining against the latex encasing it causing Kono to gasp. "Or do you want me to let you out?" Kono shook her head and Ashley smiled.

"Good, now you just sit there and look sexy," Ashley chuckled as she moved over towards Alex. She was still naked and between her naked body and Kono's revealing outfit his cock was rock hard. Ashley placed a finger to her lips, indicating for him to keep quiet as she straddled his lap. She kissed him firmly as her hands worked their way down his body to his crotch. As quietly as she could she undid his pants and slipped his cock free, stroking it lightly. 

She placed it between her legs and lowered herself onto it, biting her lip to suppress a moan as it filled her insides. Alex knew she had planned this from the start. The idea of fucking him while someone else was in the room without them realizing what was going on was one of her fantasies. He gently massaged her ass as she ground up and down on his cock, keeping her movements small to minimize the noise.

Kono sat unaware of what was happening. All she could hear was the voices on the television. She was trying to focus on what they were saying to keep her mind off the fact she was currently helpless and felt almost naked. She could feel the tight material against her skin. She could almost feel the texture of the material of the sofa on her butt and thighs, as if there was nothing between them. Part of her wanted to curl up into a ball and hide herself but another was determined to get through this without backing down. She didn't know how long Ashley intended to keep her like this, she imagined them both staring at her, their eyes roaming her body and was completely clueless to what they were really doing.

Ashley buried her head into Alex's neck as she rode his cock up and down. She breathed heavily in his ear, her breaths catching in her throat occasionally as she tried not to moan out. Alex was doing his best to resist the urge to thrust up into her. He knew if he did Kono would hear what was happening. Not that he was embarrassed about it, he just didn't want to ruin the fantasy for Ashley. He felt her speed up her movements as much as she dared as her hands roamed his back, digging her nails in. She gave the slightest squeak before holding her breath as she stopped moving and her body shuddered on top of him. 

Once she had recovered she quietly climbed off him and stood up, pulling him off the sofa. She knelt down and leaned over the cushions, raising her ass into the air and looking at Alex pleadingly. He knelt and took up position behind her, lining his cock up with her wet tunnel. He pressed the head against her and it slid straight in with no resistance. He pushed deeper until his entire length was inside her before withdrawing. He began to thrust slowly, careful not to go to deep so his hips didn't connect with her ass.

He went slowly, savoring the feeling of his tip being massaged by her entrance as it nearly left her with each thrust. He had never been so careful while fucking someone doggy style before and being forced to take his time and go slow brought a whole new level of intimacy he hadn't felt in a long time. He looked over at Kono who was sat innocently unaware of what the pair were doing just two meters in front of her. She seemed to have relaxed, her body seemed less tense that it had earlier.

"Doing ok Kono?" Ashley asked breathlessly, trying to sound as normal as possible.

Kono nodded in response but she had noticed something odd with Ashley's tone. It sounded like she was of breath. She thought she might have imagined it. She listened closely and could just make out the sound of movement and someone breathing quick and shallow. Were they fucking in front of her? Kono wondered to herself. She wouldn't put it past them. At first she was shocked by the idea then she began to picture them. She imagined Alex laid on the floor as Ashley rode his hard cock, her large breasts bouncing up and down as she leaned back on one arm and stroked her clit with the other.

Kono tried to think of other things but despite herself each time she heard one of their breaths the image reappeared in her mind. She felt her body begin to heat up as a flush of arousal flowed through her and she felts moisture building between her legs. She forgot all about her embarrassment as lust took over and she began to shuffle her legs, trying to get any pleasure she could.

Ashley grinned as she watched Kono struggle in her seat. She knew at this point she had worked out what her and Alex were doing and it turned her on even more. She kept quiet not wanting to give the game away just yet as Alex continued to plow into her. She turned to look at him and smiled before reaching out and grabbing his hip to stop him. She pushed back gently and he got the hint and pulled his cock free of her. She lowered her hips, pressing her asshole against his throbbing member. It was slick with her juices and slid into her ass slowly as he pushed into her. 

Ashley reached down and buried two fingers into her wet cunt as Alex began to slowly fuck her ass. She bit her lip as he pushed slowly to the hilt before withdrawing and continuing to thrust. He picked up the pace as much as he could without making noise as she buried her face into a cushion and gasped as her fingers worked inside her.

"Ohhhhhh fuckkk, fuck my ass," she suddenly cried out as her orgasm approached. Kono was shocked by the sudden out cry as she heard Alex's hips begin to slam into Ashley's ass cheeks. The game was up and Alex was glad as he began to pound Ashley as hard and deep as he could. Ashley moaned out loudly as her body began to tremble. The latex between her legs began slick against her skin as Kono's pussy flowed with her fluid. She was surprised by how incredibly turned on she was right now and fought against her restraints, cursing Corvac for giving Ashley shackles that made her too weak to break free.

She could do nothing except listen as Ashley and Alex moaned and groaned in pleasure. Ashley cried out as her orgasm hit its peak and she begged Alex to fuck her faster. He obliged and the slapping sound of flesh on flesh picked up. Kono groaned through her gag, begging for some attention of her own. She struggled against her restraints for a moment before she realized the noises had stopped, replaced with the heavy breathing of Ashley recovering from her orgasm.

Kono felt a pair of hands grab her and lift her up. She knew it was Alex from how easily he lifted her and turned her over. She wrapped her legs around his waist and groaned as his hands grabbed her ass to support her.

"Want a turn?" She heard him ask and she nodded her head enthusiastically. He felt one hand leave her ass and move to between her legs. Her hand brushed against her clit and entrance as it found the zipper. She felt the air against her soaked twat as he unzipped the suit. He lifted her up slightly before lowering her down and she felt his cock impale her insides and she moaned loudly, her body shuddering as she same from just being filled by his member.

Alex didn't waste any time and began to bounce Kono up and down as he thrust into her. She was extremely light and he had no problem holding her in just the right position to thrust his entire length in and out of her slick tunnel. Ashley moved behind Kono, one hand began to stroke Kono's small breast through her latex suit as Ashley kissed her neck. Ashley's other hand snaked down her stomach, finding her clit as she pressed a finger against it, eliciting another gasp from Kono before she began to move her finger in circles.

The dual stimulation of being fucked and having her clit rubbed, combined with the erotic situation of being encased in latex, pushed Kono over the edge in a matter of seconds. She cried out around, muffled by her gag as she wrapped her legs tighter around Alex, pulling him deeper into her. He continued to thrust as fast as he could as Kono's muscles twitched and spasmed as pleasure electrified every one of her nerve endings. Her pussy clamped down on his cock and he felt his own orgasm approaching.

He closed his eyes and groaned. Ashley knew he was about to cum and knelt down underneath Kono, grabbing Alex's ass as she began to lick and suck on his balls. The sensation pushed Alex that final distance over the edge and he buried himself to the hilt inside Kono as he filled her with his seed. She moaned loudly and shuddered again as she felt his hot fluid inside her. He held her there as his cock twitched until it had finished before sliding out of her and laying her down on the sofa. She felt someone tugged at her head before pulling her latex hood of and she saw Ashley grinning at her.

"Feeling less shy now are we?" Ashley grinned as she removed Kono's gag. Kono just grinned at her in post orgasm bliss. She heard Alex chuckle and reached out to playfully slap him on the leg. Despite her pussy still being exposed and her body drenched in sweat inside her skin tight suit she felt incredibly relaxed. She looked at Ashley and Alex who were both stood stark naked and rather than feeling embarrassment or shy, she felt comfortable and happy.

"Looks like I'm going to need another shower," Ashley mused. 

"I think we all will," Alex replied.

"Well we won't all fit in there at once so you can just come and talk to me and keep me company," Ashley smiled. Kono thought she meant Alex until she felt Ashley grab her hand and lead them both into the bathroom. Ashley helped Kono strip off her latex suit and Kono instinctively went to cover herself as she got naked. Ashley pulled her hands away before striking a pose and showing off her own body.

"No need to be shy," Ashley grinned as she turned on the shower. Kono forced her hands down by her sides and took a breath. Seeing Alex and Ashley chatting so casually while completely naked as she waited for the water to warm up helped Kono relax and after a few moments she didn't care she was naked. She grinned, it was the first time in her life she had felt comfortable with no clothes on around other people. They took turns showering before getting dressed and making lunch. They were half way through eating when Corvac returned.

"Irina," Kono whispered as she saw the woman walk through the door. She still looked the exact same as she had when Kono had last seen her. She had her long red hair tied back in a ponytail, two wisps fell either side of her face. Her eyes were as blue and piercing as Kono remembered them to be. They matched her stern expression which offset her stunning beauty.

She was dressed in a pant suit with a white shirt and tie. She looked more like a lawyer or CEO of a company than the angel she actually was. Alex and Ashley jumped up to meet the new guest who curtly greeted them and completely ignored Kono who remained sat down.

"So I told Irina what we suspect Azalith is doing and she agrees it sounds like we are right," Corvac spoke.

"Indeed. From what we have observed humans from around the world have had their memories altered and magical artifacts taken from them. If what you suspect is true, then I will aid you however I can," Irina stated matter of factly.

"I thought heaven didn't care if Lucifer got free," Alex stated.

"Heaven doesn't, I'm not here on behalf of the angels, I'm here of my own volition," Irina replied.

"Why? I mean we're grateful don't get me wrong but why are you helping us if heaven doesn't care?" Ashley joined in.

"Because while heaven thinks Lucifer doesn't post a threat I think he does. For millennia he has been trapped in his cage but that doesn't mean he's grown weaker. In fact he is stronger now than he has ever been. We studied the cage he was put in and found while it keeps him from getting out, it doesn't keep everything from getting in," Irina explained.

"What does that mean?" Alex asked.

"Nothing good," Corvac grumbled.

"Indeed. Lucifers followers have found a way to feed him power inside of his prison. They've been passing it through the cracks as it were and powering him up. With thousands of years of nothing to do he hasn't expelled any of that power, instead he's been hoarding it and if he gets free, he may be powerful enough to challenge even god himself," Irina finished.

"Then why doesn't heaven help? If they know this then why do they not do anything to stop him getting free?" Ashley asked.

"Because God has told them not to worry and they trust him. It's not that I don't but I prefer not to take risks," Irina answered before turning to Kono. "I guess we will be working together but do not think that means I forgive you," she snapped. Kono looked on in shock, sadness clear on her face.

"Well what's the plan?" Alex asked trying to change the subject.

"We're going to bring Azalith to us," Corvac stated plainly, much to the shock of Ashley and Alex. Kono didn't react, she was still looking sadly at Irina.

"What?" Alex asked as if he had heard wrong.

"We need to face her eventually and I'd rather do it on our terms than hers," Corvac sighed, he didn't seem too thrilled about the idea either.

"How are we even going to get her to come to us?" Alex asked.

"We're going to use the stone she gave to Meg. I can make her think there's an emergency and hopefully she will come to investigate," Corvac replied.

"Then what?" Ashley asked.

"Then Irina and I will try and suppress her magic while Kono restrains her with the shackles I gave you," Corvac answered causing Ashley to smirk and Kono's cheeks to go red.

"What makes you think she'll come?" Meg spoke up for the first time. Alex looked at her and noticed she seemed very uneasy around Irina. 

"Well if you tell her something has gone horribly wrong I'm sure she'll want to check it out and make sure no-one interferes with her plans," Corvac answered.

The group spent the next few hours going over the plan with Meg constantly trying to change it so she wasn't being used as bait but Corvac was having none of it. They decided that moving to Ashley's house would be better as it would allow more space to set up traps and was more out of the way than an apartment if something went wrong. They packed up everything they thought they might need and moved to Ashley's. It was the first time Alex had seen her house in person, he had only seen what he was shown in Ashley's memories and he was impressed.

"Strippers might be frowned upon in society but they get paid well," Ashley grinned as she noticed Alex looking around in wonder. 

Each of them retired to separate rooms to get a good nights sleep before they put the plan into action the next day. It was barely sunrise when Alex woke up, he had heard movement in the house. He got up and left Ashley sleeping and went to investigate. He found Corvac writing various runes and diagrams on the walls and floors.
