 "What's wrong?" Alex asked.

"That smoke, it was magic. If I had to guess it was how she planned to trigger the spell all along. As I said, a demon can't free Lucifer BUT if she used the magic from the objects she stole and combined them with another spell that was activated by you killing her, it would bypass it," Corvac theorized.

"Is that really possible?" Alex asked.

"Yes, magic is fickle. If the trigger of a spell was a demon being killed, then technically the magic would see you as the one casting the spell since you killed her," Corvac replied.

"So what does all that mean?" Ashley asked.

"It means that somewhere right now, Lucifers prison is being unlocked," Corvac sighed and the rest of the group looked scared.

"What can we do?" Alex muttered, he thought they might stand a chance at stopping Azalith but he wasn't confident about their chances against Lucifer himself.

"I need to go, I'll catch up with you soon," Corvac stated before vanishing suddenly.

"I do too, I'll see if I can recruit any help from heaven," Irina replied before also vanishing, leaving Kono, Ashley, Alex and Meg stood wondering what to do next.

"Well I guess all we can do is wait," Meg smiled an uneasy smile.

They all set to clearing up the mess from their fight. It was a somber mood as they silently tidied, each person stuck in their own thoughts about what was coming next. Lucifer getting free was bad news for everyone, human and demon alike. Even Irina had seemed worried before she left. The finished tidying and retired to their own rooms. 

The next few days went extremely slowly. Everyone was worrying that all hell would literally break loose at any moment but as the days went by they group all started to relax a little more. They began to wonder if the spell had failed and Lucifer was still trapped, although they agreed if that was the case surely Corvac of Irina would know by now and have returned.

"What are you two talking about?" Alex asked as he entered the kitchen. Meg and Kono were there and had been whispering about something as he entered.

"None of your business," Meg smiled. She was still in her demon form despite Corvac returning her ability to disguise herself. She had been making the most of it though and had spent most nights out of the house, returning each morning cheerful and full of energy which for a succubus meant she had probably had a good fuck each night.

"You're planning something," Alex commented, noticing the sly look on Megs face. It was Kono who gave it away though, the corners of her mouth had twitched into a smile momentarily before she forcefully returned to a neutral expression.

"Who's planning something?" Ashley asked as she entered the room.

"These two are up to something," Alex explained.

"We'll tell you later," Meg smiled at Ashley.

"Wait so you'll tell her but not me, that's not fair," Alex grumbled.

"Life isn't fair, besides us girls have to stick together," Ashley grinned, grabbing some cereal and joining them at the table. Alex groaned and decided to leave them to it. He went to his room and got changed into some clean clothes before heading out to a nearby cafe. He needed some time to himself. Being stuck in the house with three women, two of which were demons and the third was just as bad, was starting to take it's toll.

He didn't mind too much really if he thought about it. Kono was starting to open up be more confident. He had even walked in on her showering accidentally and she had actually started a conversation with him instead of getting embarrassed. He wondered if that was a good thing or meant she was spending too much time with Meg and Ashley. They were a bad influence. Meg was constantly naked, flaunting her demonic body. Again Alex didn't mind too much, she was smoking hot and he constantly found himself with an erection if he spent much time around her.

Even if the world was about to end, Alex figured spending his last few days surrounded by three very attractive women, even if two of them were demons, wasn't a bad way to spend them. He sipped at his coffee at smiled to himself. Life had gone from strange to stranger and yet here he was sat at a cafe thinking it seemed perfectly normal. He spent the rest of his afternoon wandering around the city before heading back home. 

He knew something was up as soon as he walked in the door. He didn't see or hear anyone but felt his body flush with heat. Meg was up to something. He went to the kitchen and drank a cold glass of water before looking for the others. He searched downstairs but found no-one. Heading upstairs he fell the heat get worse. Arousal flowed through his body and his cock hardened in his pants. He knew he should turn around and go back downstairs but curiosity of what the three women were up to got the better of him.

He wandered along the hallway, checking each bedroom as he went but they were all empty. The bathroom was equally unoccupied. He decided a cool shower would help and shut the door, chuckling to himself. The only room he hadn't checked was his own and he figured they must be in there waiting for them. He decided having a shower and making them wait was the least payback he could do for whatever they were planning. He turned on the water and stripped off. Stepping inside the water was cool against his skin but not cold. He began washing himself just as he heard the door click open.

"Well aren't you a spoil sport," Meg grumbled as she shut the door behind her.

"What are you up to?" Alex replied smiling to himself.

"Me? Why would you assume I was up to something? Could it be because your cock seems extremely excited?" She smirked, her eyes locked on Alex's rock hard member.

"That's your doing," Alex replied. Meg grinned and focused for a moment, concentrating her aura on Alex. Alex groaned and his knees shook as his cock swelled with pleasure and precum leaked freely from his tip. Meg relaxed and the feeling lessened but Alex could barely ignore the desperate plea of his cock wanting release. He fought the urge to reach down and stroke it, he didn't want to give Meg the satisfaction.

"I'm impressed, looks like I'll need some reinforcements," Meg smiled, slinking from the room. Alex sighed and leaned back against the wall as Meg's influence lessened. The cool water helped soothe his raging erection but it barely began to lessen before the door clicked open again. This time it was Kono who entered, smiling sweetly with an expression of cheeky excitement Alex hadn't seen on her face before. 

"What now?" Alex chuckled as he continued to shower. He was amused by whatever was happening, even if he didn't know what they were up to.

"Kono here wanted to try something but was to shy to say so herself," Kono spoke but it was Megs voice that came out.

"Let me guess, you said you'd help her if she let you tag along," Alex replied.

"Well yes and no, for what she wanted I had to tag along," Meg replied. Kono began to undress as Alex felt his lust grow. His cock was achingly hard again as Meg's influence returned. He watched as Kono shrugged off her top, exposing her small chest. Alex got more excited as more of her body was revealed but as she stripped naked he saw exactly what Meg had meant about her needing to be there. Hanging between Kono's legs was a large flaccid cock.

"You see Kono enjoyed herself being you the other day and she wanted to try it again. So she asked me if I could swap the two of you again. I was hesitant at first due to the amount of power it required but after a bit of talking it turned out it was just having a cock she enjoyed. Fortunately she didn't need my power for that, she could use her own to transform herself which apparently she has been doing most nights since she was in your body," Meg chuckled.

"So why am I involved?" Alex asked although he was sure he already knew the answer. His eyes were glued to Kono's cock as it began to harden and she took a step towards him.

"Because as I'm sure you know having your cock inside someone is much more fun than using your own hand," Meg chuckled as Kono slid open the door to the shower. "Now as to why I'm here, well Kono wanted it to be you that took her cocks virginity but was far to shy to make a move herself."

"Make a mo-" Alex began to ask before Kono kissed him. Her hands roamed his slick body was water flowed over them both. He hesitated before kissing her back, his mind flooded by Meg's influence. Not that he would have resisted anyway.

"I want you inside me," Kono moaned, it was her speaking this time. She broke from the kiss and turned around, leaning forward against the wall and presenting her ass to Alex. He didn't need any further encouragement and he grabbed her hips, holding her still as he pressed his solid cock against her tight asshole. Her tight hole resisted at first, refusing entry as Alex pressed into her but soon the tip spread her open and slipped inside as she groaned in pleasure. Alex continued on, slowly sliding his entire length into her as his hips met her petite ass. 

"Fuck that's tight," he groaned as Kono began to grind on his cock. He grabbed her chin and turned her head, kissing her passionately as he began to thrust. Kono had never felt anything like it. She had done anal before but she had never had a prostate like she did now and every thrust caused Alex's cock to glide along it and send tingles of pleasure up her throbbing shaft.

"Fuuuuuuckkk, mooooore," Kono groaned as Alex felt a familiar sensation. His cock swelled and began to grow, stretching Kono's asshole and filling her insides with it's immense size. Alex groaned in pleasure, the added tightness felt amazing against his shaft. Kono's cock began to leak precum constantly as his cock continuously pressed down on her prostate. He began to thrust harder and deeper, much to her enjoyment. She went to stroke her cock but found she couldn't move her arms.

"Now now, let's not end the fun too soon," Meg teased in Kono's mind. She was focusing on holding Kono still, relishing in the denied pleasure as their joint cock ached for attention. Alex continued to pound deep into their insides as his hands roamed their chest and massaged Kono's small breasts and teased her nipples. Meg focused her powers on Kono's chest, making it extra sensitive and Kono moaned out as a new sensation filled her.

"OOOOooooohhhhh," she moaned as her chest exploded with pleasure as Alex tweaked her nipples. She had never felt them this sensitive before as her body shuddered and she experienced her first boobgasm. Her chest flooded with pleasure as her breathing became ragged and uncontrolled. Thankfully Alex let go and she took a deep breath as he continued to fuck her ass. She felt another sensation, this one familiar but new as well. Pleasure welled in her core, flowing up from inside her ass as Alex's cock continued to plunder her depths.

Suddenly her legs twitched and threatened to collapse beneath her. Thankfully Alex had a first grip on her hips and she was leaning heavily on the wall as the pleasure overwhelmed her. She moaned loudly as her cock twitched, bouncing up and down wildly as it sprayed it's load all over the wall. Alex continued to thrust, massaging her prostate and milking ever drop of fluid from her. Kono heard Meg moaning in her mind as they both enjoyed Kono's first prostate orgasm. The feeling of her cock spraying it's fluids without even being touched almost overwhelmed Kono's senses. She felt Alex's thrusts start to become erratic and knew he wouldn't last much longer.

"Fill our insides," Meg moaned through Kono's mouth. Alex didn't need any more encouragement as his cock swelled and began emptying his load inside the merged demons. Kono's body shuddered as she felt her insides being flooded by his seed and her own cock leaked more of it's own. He stopped thrusting as his cock twitched a few final times and he leaned across her back panting hard.

"That was fun," Alex grinned as he slid his cock slowly from inside Kono making her gasp as the tip fell free. Kono felt her body relax as she regained control and she smiled. Despite just having one of the best orgasms of her life she still felt ready to go again and with Meg's influence inside her she was desperate to stick her cock in something.

"My turn," she purred, grabbing Alex forcefully and spinning him around. Before he even knew what was happening he felt his ass being probed by the tip of Kono's large cock. He went to protest out of shock but she speared her cock inside his ass roughly. A bolt of pain ran through his backside but was quickly replaced by pleasure as she felt her meat fill his cavity. 

"Slowly," he whispered, needing a bit of time to acclimatize to her huge member. Kono granted his request and began to thrust forward slowly, pushing inch after inch inside him. Her hips pressed against him as she bottomed out, all eleven inches of her cock were deep within his insides. Alex's own cock was rock hard again and still under the effects of Kono's magic. In a strange moment of clarity he wondered how Kono could effect his body when Meg had to enter someone to effect change on them. 

The thought was quickly pushed out of his mind as Kono reached around and grabbed his cock, stroking it gently as she began to thrust back and forth. The dual stimulation pushed any logical thought from Alex's mind as pleasure overwhelmed him. It didn't take long before he cried out and his cock splattered it's load across the floor as Kono punished his prostate. Kono wasn't quite ready for her own orgasm yet though as she continued to plow into him. Each thrust pressed against Alex's prostate and forced another stream of fluid to flow from his cock. His legs shook and buckled below him but Kono easily held him in place with her inhuman strength. He felt like he was being used as a sex toy as she began to bounce him up and down in time with her thrusts.

"Yes... Fuck... Keep... Going... I have... A surprise.... For him...." Meg moaned lewdly in Kono's mind as their joint orgasm approached. Kono thrust frantically into Alex's ass and moaned loudly as her cock throbbed and began depositing her seed inside him. It was an even more powerful orgasm than the previous she had experienced and she kept thrust as she pumped him full of her sticky fluids. Each thrust was timed with another deposit as Kono felt it travel up her shaft and explode from the tip. She had lost count of how much she had cum inside him as it kept flowing. After a few minutes her orgasm began to subside and she felt thoroughly drained. 

She opened her eyes for the first time since her orgasm began and was shocked by the sight in front of her. She was holding Alex who seemed barely conscious as he hung limply in front of her. Her cock was still buried deep inside him but what surprised her most was the large round stomach he now had. She gently placed him down as she slid her cock from inside him. It was followed by a trail of fluid that mixed with the water from the shower that was still running and ran down the drain. 

"Well this wasn't what I expected when I came home," Alex chuckled, stroking his cum inflated stomach. Kono suddenly felt extremely embarrassed and Meg began laughing in her mind. Unsure what else to do Kono ran her hand over Alex's stomach and watched as it deflated back to his normal toned Ab's. She quickly hopped from the shower and ran out of the room leaving Alex worn out and in need of another wash.

Alex relaxed on the floor of the shower for a few minutes before standing on unsteady legs and cranking up the heat. His lust was fully abated but his ass still felt slightly sore from the abuse. He washed it carefully and out of curiosity pressed a finger against his hole. It slid into him with no resistance and he couldn't help but smirk as he withdrew his finger. As weird as it was it wasn't the first time he had experienced something like this he smiled as it reminded him of when he and Ashley had first found out about magic all those years ago. 

He turned off the shower and climbed out, wondering if Ashley was ever going to make an appearance. He dried off and wandered to his room without seeing anyone along the way. He closed the door and turned around to find Ashley laying on his bed. She smiled at him with a knowing smile and he simply shrugged his shoulders in response.

"So, having fun with Kono and Meg without me huh?" She teased.

"I didn't have much of a choice, Meg's influence is overpowering," he replied. Although thinking about it he concluded he would have probably gone along with it without her influence anyway.

"Well, how about you make it up to me?" Ashley purred. Despite his earlier workout he was surprised to feel his cock begin to stir at her suggestion. He dropped his towel and Ashley grinned at his cock. He looked down and saw Kono hadn't undone her magic as he cock grew to immense proportions. 

"That might be a problem," Alex chuckled. Kono and her demonic body might have been able to handle being impaled but such a large cock but Ashley's human body couldn't.

"We'll make it work," Ashley smiled as she stood up off the bed and stripped her clothing. Despite constantly being surrounded by Meg naked, a demon who's body was literally sculpted to attract men, Alex still found Ashley's naked form the most appealing he had ever seen. She turned and leaned over the bed, leaning on her hands and spreading her legs while sticking her perfect ass in the air. 

"Are you sure?" Alex asked as he took position behind her. She simply nodded as he pressed his swollen cock head against her slick pussy. It struggled to fit and Ashley grit her teeth as the behemoth stretched her opening. It started to hurt as the tip slipped in, stretching her more as she reached the widest part of the flared head. Alex nudged forward, shoving it past her entrance and Ashley moaned in pleasure as it filled her insides. Alex slowly pushed forwards and Ashley's legs wobbled as she was overwhelmed with pleasure at being filled so completely and she orgasmed instantly.

Alex continued onward, sliding as much of his member into her as he could. He felt his cock press against something inside Ashley and he could go no further as she screamed out in pleasure. Only about a third of his cock was inside her and he knew that would be all she could take. He backed off and began to thrust gently. Ashley was unable to form words as the monstrous slab of flesh plunged in and out of her. Fluids ran down her thighs as her cunt worked overtime to keep the invader lubricated. 

Alex picked up the pace and Ashley braced herself as best she could, she felt like she was going to lose control of her entire body at any moment as she had multiple orgasms in quick succession. Alex began to pound her harder, the tip of his cock colliding with her cervix send a mixture of pain and pleasure through her. She rocked back to meet his thrusts, enjoying the feeling of him hitting her deepest spot and wanting to be fucked harder. Suddenly a wave of pain shot through her followed by intense pleasure as she felt his cock burst past her cervix into her womb. 

"Ohhhh fuckkkkk," she cried out. Alex noticed almost half his cock was inside her now and wondered if he should back off a bit but Ashley continued to rock back against him so he continued thrusting. He wasn't sure how her body was handling such abuse but she didn't seem to mind as she shuddered for what was at least her tenth orgasm. The additional tightness of his cock being in her womb rocketed him towards his own as he grunted. Something inside her was massaging his cock head perfectly and it didn't take long before he felt his seed explode along his shaft before being deposited directly inside her womb. 

Ashley couldn't take the pleasure anymore and fell forward onto the bed. Alex followed and continued to fuck her roughly as she felt his seed fill her insides. She moaned in a hoarse voice, her throat worn out from how much noise she had been making. Ashley knew most women would have stopped by now but the feeling of being helpless and used so roughly drove her wild. She was almost sad when she felt his monstrous cock begin to slide out of her, the flared head stretching her cervix and entrance as it withdrew. 
