 This is the final chapter of this series, I hope you guys have enjoyed. I may return to Ashley and Alex one day but I have ideas for other stories planned. Please give me feedback on what you enjoyed, what I could improve and whether you liked the series or not as it would help me learn how to write better in the future!

*****

The pair finished their food before Alex washed up and Kono cleaned the counters. Just as he was putting his plate on the draining board Alex felt his stomach lurch as his body tingled. It felt like he'd been hit with large spike of adrenaline. He heard a clatter from behind him and he spun round to find Kono staring at him strangely. The kitchen filled with bangs as multiple pairs of footsteps came rushing down the stairs. Meg and Corvac ran in first quickly followed by Ashley. 

"What's going on?" She asked frantically as the three demons stared at Alex. Alex looked down at himself and other than the strange feeling that had mostly passed, couldn't figure out anything wrong with himself.

"This is bad," Corvac said finally.

"What is?" Alex asked feeling rather anxious all of a sudden.

"Do you feel anything?" Corvac asked.

"I felt a bit funny a moment ago and I suppose I feel sort of tingly but it was only for a moment," Alex replied.

"Yeah well to us it was like some magical bomb had just gone off," Corvac replied.

"What does that mean?" Ashley asked.

"I'm not sure but if I had to guess I would say that Alex's powers are beginning to manifest as Lucifer gets free," Corvac proposed.

"Which is great for defeating Lucifer, not so good for keeping Alex safe in the mean time," Kono chimed in.

"Why not?" Ashley asked.

"Because that kind of power will be like a beacon to every demon nearby and as it grows, it'll become stronger and soon every demon in the city will feel it," Corvac answered.

"So what do I do? How do I stop it?" Alex asked. 

"I don't know if you can. Lets try these," Corvac replied as he pulled the pair of magical shackles from his pocket. Alex held out his wrists and Corvac placed them on him and snapped them shut before stepping back. The three demons look at Alex before looking at each other and shaking their heads.

"I guess they only work on demonic magic," Meg sighed as Corvac removed the shackles.

"Kono try hitting him," Ashley suggested. Kono gave her a confused look and Ashley gestured for her to do it. With a shrug Kono walked up to Alex and thumped him hard on the arm.

"Ouch!" Alex cried out as he rubbed his arm. "What was that for?" 

"I wondered if your powers would protect you from demons like they did from Azalith. You didn't even realize you had them then and they stopped her wing from killing you, I thought now they are manifesting they might do the same if Kono hit you," Ashley answered apologetically.

"She has a point, if your powers don't protect you from demons and you're currently growing into a beacon for every demon in the vicinity, you're in trouble. Let me check something," Corvac said as he walked out of the room. The group waited as they heard the front door open and close as he stepped out and again as he came back in.

"Anything?" Kono asked.

"I could barely sense him from outside, any demon walking past would notice something strange about the house but wouldn't think much of it. If he grows any more powerful though it'll be a problem," Corvac answered.

The group spent the next hour coming up with solutions. Hiding Alex somewhere in the world was discussed, somewhere far away like the middle of the desert, but Corvac shut that idea down as once he was at full strength it was likely any demon on the same half of the planet as Alex would sense him. Corvac tried numerous spells to mask Alex's aura but none of them worked either. They were running out of ideas when Meg had a suggestion.

"I have an idea but you won't like it," Meg spoke up looking at Alex and Corvac.

"What is it?" Alex asked.

"Well I don't know if it will work or if my body could handle it but we could try merging you into me," Meg offered.

"Is that possible? Wouldn't a demon body hosting the power of God be a very bad thing?" Alex replied.

"It's possible. Your body would be magically merged into Meg, it would still contain your powers. Her body would be like a shell that would contain that vessel and hopefully mask its aura," Corvac theorized. 

"I'll need a lot more power than I have now though," Meg added.

"I can help with that," Corvac chimed in.

"Is this really the only option I have?" Alex asked.

"Unless you can think of something else it may be, that's if it even works," Corvac answered.

"Well that ruins my plans for this evening," Ashley chuckled. Alex had forgotten all about that. His day of relaxing and enjoyment was quickly turning into one of anxiety and stress.

"How long would this be for?" Alex asked. He wasn't exactly afraid of being in a demons body but he wasn't excited about the idea. He had been in other peoples bodies before but being in a demons body without being in control felt a lot like signing himself up for a rough time.

"From the rate your power is increasing and my estimates about the spell, Lucifer will be free by the end of tomorrow. I can't be more specific than that but once he is free we will know, every demon will know. Once he's out, we can go straight to him and hopefully end all this," Corvac replied grimly. 

"Fine let's do it then," Alex resigned. 

The demons spent some time preparing as Ashley and Alex watched. Alex was sat with Ashley kneeling behind him, her arms draped over his shoulders and her chin resting on his head. She didn't want to admit it but she was worried about him. They watched as Corvac siphoned as much power from himself and Kono into Meg as they could spare before they turned to Alex.

"Ready?" Meg asked with a wicked grin. Despite the potentially world ending events that could take place the next day she seemed to be enjoying herself. Alex stood up and kissed Ashley before turning to Meg. She reached out her hands and hesitantly Alex grabbed hold. As soon as his hands made contact with her skin it felt as if the whole world had melted around him and his body was being sucked through the hose of a vacuum cleaner. All that only lasted an instant and he found himself looking out from Megs eyes. He could feel her body, the power flowing through it and the cool air against her bare skin.

"Did it work?" Ashley asked.

"Yeah, I think so," Corvac replied.

"I can't sense him either," Kono joined in.

"It worked, Alex is in here," Meg answered. Her voice sounded strange to Alex, muted slightly compared to how he was used to hearing it. 

"Alex are you ok?" Ashley asked looking at Meg.

"I'm fine," Alex replied. He wasn't sure how he replied but it felt like he was talking despite having no physical form inside Megs mind.

"He says he is fine," Meg repeated causing Ashley to sigh in relief. 

"And what about you?" Corvac asked Meg.

"I'm ok. It's strange, kind of tingly but not unpleasant. It's definitely taking more effort to keep us merged than it usually would though," Meg replied.

"And it's only going to get harder as his power grows," Corvac warned.

"I think I'll go upstairs and rest, I'll need to save as much strength as I can in that case," Meg replied although Alex could sense she wasn't quite being honest. 

"What are you up to?" Alex asked but Meg didn't reply. He felt the corners of her mouth turn up into a slight smirk as she began to talk out of the room. Alex could feel each movement as if it were his own yet he wasn't in control and was extremely aware of the strange sensation of Megs wings on her back and her tail swaying behind them as they walked. Meg walked them to her room and locked the door behind her as she sat down on the bed.

"Comfortable in there?" She asked but she didn't speak. Alex realized she was talking to him in her thoughts. He tried to reply by thinking but she didn't seem to hear him.

"I'm fine," he said.

"Good, well just relax and try to enjoy yourself," Meg purred. She laid back on the bed and her hands moved to her breasts. Alex felt them both in his palms and on his chest as she massaged them gently. They were extremely sensitive, more so than any other womans he had experienced. Each movement of skin across their smooth flesh send tingles of pleasure through their body and even the lightest stroke of Megs fingertips across her nipples created bolts of pleasure that made their joint pussy wet with excitement.

"I should have known this would happen," Alex groaned although it came out a lot more excited than he planned.

"Do you want me to stop?" Meg asked as she slowly ran her had down her stomach towards her crotch, pausing with her finger poised just above her clit.

"I... Didn't say that," Alex replied. He could feel his own excitement mixed with Megs. He wasn't sure who was influencing who more but he knew if he had a cock right now it would be extremely hard.

"I didn't think so," Meg smirked as her hand continued it's exploration downward. She moved it past her clit, down to the base of her slit before slowly running a finger up across her entrance and letting out a quiet breathy moan. It was mostly for Alex's benefit and she could feel his excitement and lust building up inside her. She suppressed a grin, mortal men were to easy to get excited.

She continued to massage her breast with one hand as her other trailed its fingers up and down her slit, occasionally catching her clit lightly causing a flash of pleasure before moving away again. Alex was amazed by how sensitive and enjoyable Megs body felt. He understood now why she was a demon of pleasure, if he had a body that felt like hers he doubted he would have the self control to ever stop masturbating or fucking.

Meg shuddered as she worked the tip of her finger into her entrance. She teased it up and down, feeling the wetness as driving Alex wild. She pinched at her nipple hard, hard enough to make her gasp for real. She withdrew her finger much to Alex's disappointment but that was soon forgotten as she ran the wetness over her nipple. It made the skin smooth as silk and far more sensual. She repeated the move with her other hand before massaging her now slick nipples. She pressed the pads of her fingers firmly against them before tweaking and pinching them. 

Alex could feel her pleasure as well as his own and he felt something strange as her nipples grew more sensitive. It was as if her nipples had become two new clits on her chest as she continued to work them. It didn't take long before Alex was moaning lewdly in her mind as he experienced his first mental orgasm followed quickly by Megs physical one. They moaned in unison as shivers of pleasure ran down their spine and they shared a boobgasm.

"That was new," Alex panted lustfully in her mind.

"I thought you would enjoy that, don't worry that's just the beginning," she replied teasingly as her hand snaked down back between her legs. She returned to teasing her entrance as her other hand joined and lightly played with her clit. Neither sensation was enough to begin approaching another orgasm but it was enough to tease Alex and make him gasp in desire.

Alex waited patiently at first, he wanted to feel the pleasure he knew was coming. He was excited each time she pressed a finger into their shared entrance but felt disappointment as it moved away again. She repeated this over and over, never quite pushing past the entrance into the slick tunnel behind. The constant teasing soon became too much for Alex.

"Please do it," he begged pitifully.

"Do what?" Meg teased.

"Put it in," Alex replied.

"Put what in where?" Meg continued to tease. Alex knew what she wanted to hear.

"Push your fingers inside us," he pleaded quietly feeling a pang of shame at how needy he sounded.

"Good boy," Meg chuckled before pushing one finger deep into her wet slit. Alex felt the thin digit penetrate her insides and he gasped in pleasure. It was as good as he imagined. He could feel her slick tunnel like velvet against her finger while simultaneously feeling the hardness of her finger against her soft insides. It was extremely enjoyable but Meg simply held it there, still inside her much to Alex's annoyance. He wasn't falling for her games again though, at least not yet and stayed quiet.

"I'm impressed," Meg smirked before slowly beginning to work her finger in and out of her slit. She moved it slowly, drawing out the pleasure before adding a second finger. Alex groaned in appreciation as he felt the extra digit fill him or rather fill Meg. She continued to work her fingers inside her as the other worked her clit. She pressed firmly against the little nub which made Alex moan at the sudden pleasure it created. 

"Holy shit," Alex groaned and Meg giggled. She was enjoying teasing him.

"Maybe this will be more familiar for you?" She asked as she worked her clit in slow deliberate circles. Each rotation of her finger around the little nub caused it to grow. Slowly but surely it got bigger and bigger, all the while sending wave after wave of pleasure to her core. She looked down, forcing Alex to watch as her clit grew into a small cock. She began to stroke it with two fingers as it pushed her other hand to one side. It continued to grow until she could wrap her hand around it and begin to pump it properly. It didn't stop until it stood at twelve inches long. 

Despite being a familiar appendage to Alex it definitely didn't feel the same as his. Every inch of it's flesh was just as sensitive as her clit had been moments ago. Her hand stroking over the hot skin was like having a thousand small hands massaging her clit and it was too much for Alex. He moaned out loudly in her mind. Some how he felt himself shudder in orgasm even though Megs body did no such thing. 

"The mind if a powerful thing," Meg teased as she leisurely stroked her cock. "It can remember what you would feel in your own body, even while it's detached from it and emulate the sensations." 

"It feels... Soooo... Good," Alex said as she continued to pump their shared member. She waited until Alex came back down from his orgasm before letting go of her cock and sliding her fingers from inside herself. Alex felt a twinge of upset that it was over before Meg smiled.

"Don't worry, we're only just getting to the good part," she grinned as Alex felt her climb off the bed. She walked over to the full length mirror on the wall, her large cock still hard and swaying side to side as she walked. "So what do you think?"

"What do you mean?" Alex asked as he saw out through Megs eyes. She was stood posing in front of the mirror.

"To my body, I've seen you looking at it a lot, you must like it. So tell me, what do you think to it?" She asked. "Tell you what, you take control for a minute, so you can get a proper look," she continued. Alex suddenly felt her body feel heavy before he caught it. He was in control. He moved his fingers, testing them before wiggling his toes. Now he was in control he could feel just how strong and powerful her body really was. 

He looked in the mirror. Her violet skin looked darker in the muted light of the bedside lamp but the light did little to hide her stunning beauty. Her large tits hung on her chest, mocking gravity as they stood pert and proud. Her waist was thin before flaring out into curvy hips and a firm round ass that begged to be grabbed and squeezed. Her arms, legs and stomach were perfectly toned to be strong but feminine, the perfect mix of sexy muscle. The pure feminine sex appeal of her body should have made the large cock standing proud from her crotch seem out of place but even on her body it looked perfect. If Alex wasn't inside her body right now and she told him to suck it, he probably would without a second thought. 

He was distracted from that though as the tip of Megs wing caught his attention. With a bit of concentration he managed to extend them out from his back, stretching them wide enough that the tip of each touched the walls on either side of him. They were large, skeletal things, completely different from the rest of her body. They should have been terrifying to behold but some how even they seemed sexy. Alex couldn't understand how wings could be sexy but he couldn't deny that they were. 

He turned in the mirror, looking at the wings before being distracted by Megs tail. He retracted her wings which was a strange sensation and instead focused on moving her tail. To his surprise he found he instinctively had full control over it and could move it as easily as moving his arm. He flicked it around, watching it move from side to side above Megs firm ass. 

"So?" Meg asked again.

"It's perfect," Alex replied. He felt guilty saying that, in his mind Ashley was perfect to him but he couldn't deny that Meg was too in a different way.

"Thank you! And don't feel bad, I designed my body to appeal to every man that gazes upon it," Meg replied. "Now, how about you have some fun?"

Alex didn't need much encouragement as he felt a surge of arousal flow through him. His cock twitch with anticipation as fluid began to flow down the inside of his thigh. He grasped his large cock and gasped at its sensitivity. Stroking it experimentally he couldn't believe how good it felt. Droplets of precum leaked from the tip. Alex wasn't sure how that was possible considering Meg didn't have any testicles but he had learnt not to question these things, especially when they felt this good. He looked at himself in the mirror, the image of Meg smiling back at him while she worked her giant cock excited him even more. 

"Go to the drawer," Meg urged. He turned and looked around, there were seven different drawers in this room and he wasn't sure which she meant until she began walking them towards the right one. Alex walked the rest of the way of opened the drawer. Inside was a large selection of sex toys ranging from small vibrators to giant toys that could only possibly be used by a few humans without damage. 

"Wow," Alex muttered as he took in the array of toys before him.

"This ones my favourite," Meg said as she leaned over and picked up a toy. Alex still found it strange sharing control of a body and having it do actions without him willing it to. He looked at the toy Meg had chosen and was surprised. He was expecting one of the larger more intimidating toys to be her favorite but instead she had selected a rather plain, smallish dildo.

"Really?" He asked.

"Don't knock it until you try it," Meg replied with a hint of amusement in her voice.

Alex took the toy over to the bed and lay down, gently stroking his cock as he slid the toy into his eager entrance. It glided in smoothly and he groaned as he felt it fill him. He slowly teased it in and out, timing his motions with stroking his cock. Despite its small size it felt good and Alex soon groaned as a shudder rolled through him and he orgasmed. His pussy seemed to clamp down on the toy and he felt more full as he continued to slide it in and out. His orgasm had done nothing to quench his arousal and he sped up his ministrations.

His had slid up and down his cock, a small pool of fluid formed on his stomach as it flowed from his tip. He ran his hand through it, gathering it up before stroking it across his throbbing member, lubricating his actions. He struggled to concentrate on the toy inside him, distracted by the sensations playing with his cock brought. Meg took control of that hand and continued to pump the toy in and out as he stroked their cock. He felt a familiar tingle of his orgasm approaching as his cock swelled and he slowed down, not wanting to end the fun yet.

"Don't worry, keep going, we're just getting started," Meg purred. Alex listened and grabbed their cock again, stroking it firm and fast movements. The tip swelled and he groaned as Meg moaned inside his mind. Fluid surged up their shaft and exploded from the tip, spraying their breasts and face with sticky white liquid. Alex continued to pump their cock as strand after strand sprayed forth. He groaned again as he felt the toy hit deeper inside him, coaxing another couple of spurts from his cock before his orgasm subsided. 
