 Ashley stayed quiet the rest of the ride home, a sly grin on her face as Alex tried to push her into telling him what she had planned but she wouldn't budge. All she would say was that he has to wait and see and he didn't like the sound of that. He had only partially heard how the coin worked. Sandra had explained most of it to Ashley and had written down the instructions on a piece of paper that Ashley now held. As soon as they got home she disappeared up to her room, leaving Alex stood wondering what to do and whether he should follow her up and try and find out what she was up to.

He decided against it and instead went to his own room to get some sleep, he was a lot more tired than he had realized on the drive home. All the excitement of the day and taxed him pretty badly and he barely finished undressing before falling into his bed. Despite his body being drained physically his mind wouldn't shut down as he lay there trying to sleep. He kept thinking about all the craziness that had entered his life the last few weeks. He'd gone from normal guy with a bitchy step sister to literally being that bitchy step sister as well as their therapist and that wasn't even considering the fact he had literally fucked himself, or at least his own body. That was one thing he found himself most surprised by, not the body swapping, he had had enough time to find that much less shocking by now but rather the fact it always led to some sort of sexual situation. Sure he had enjoyed sex before all this started but now it was like someone had turned his sex drive right up. Ashley too by the looks of things. He was sure her sex drive had been pretty high to start with but now it was definitely on eleven. Their increased libido must be some sort of passive side effect of the coin and it's magic he decided as he finally drifted off to sleep.

It wasn't until Monday morning came around that Ashley told him anything to do with her ideas. Sandra had arranged for them to go back late on Sunday night instead of their usual appointment so they could have the week to explore and use the coin. Apparently Ashley had plenty of plans for that week that she suddenly couldn't wait to share as she burst into Alex's room to wake him up.

"Wakey wakey," she called in a high, grating tone that hurt Alex's ears as it woke him up.

"Was that really necessary?" He asked yawning as he rubbed his eyes and tried to ignore the urge to launch his alarm clock at her.

"Yeah it was actually, it's almost midday and I've been waiting for you to wake up for hours," she replied back, dragging out the words hours in a long whiny voice.

"Well can't you wait a bit longer, I was having a nice dream," Alex complained pulling his pillow over his head.

"Nope, it's time to wake up, besides I think this'll be fun," Ashley giggled placing something on the bedside table. 

Alex scrunched his eyes closed and tried to ignore her but that got a lot harder as the world suddenly span around him until he found himself looking at his own body. He knew instantly what she had done and glanced down to see the coin on the table. He went to grab it but recoiled as Ashley suddenly reached out and grabbed it, tucking into his own bodies chest and burrowing deep under the duvet.

"Why?" Was all Alex could think to ask.

"Wow you really were sleepy," Ashley replied suppressing a yawn and stretching out. "And because it will be fun. It's something me and Mike tried a while ago and I thought it would be hot to be on the other end of it this time."

"What are you talking about?" Alex asked, completely confused by the situation. One minute he had been fast asleep in his own body in his own bed and the next he was stood in Ashley's body trying to figure out exactly what she was up to.

"Wow I thought you'd notice faster, notice anything strange about my outfit today?" She grinned at him. Alex wondered what she meant for a minute before he realized she meant the outfit he was now wearing. He turned and looked into the mirror to see it was just a plain t-shirt and sweat pants which didn't seem very special but it was the movement itself that made him aware of something else.

"Don't worry, you can look," Ashley teased from the bed. Alex tentatively hooked his now perfectly manicured thumbs into the waistband of the sweatpants and pushed them down. 

"What the fuck?" He said automatically as he pushed the sweatpants down his smooth thighs. Looking in the mirror he could see himself in Ashley's body with the sweatpants around his knees. But rather than seeing her panties or smooth pussy he saw metal hugging tightly around his hips and between his legs.

"It's a chastity belt," he heard Ashley say behind him. "It's normally used to stop someone from touching themselves or being touched in a sexual manner but it can't also be used to stop someone from removing something. It was an idea Mike had months ago, as you can probably feel there's a sex toy inside you and the belt stops you from removing it," she continued.

"Why? I can feel it but it's not exactly pleasurable," Alex responded.

"Well no, on its own it's not. That's one thing most guys don't realize is women don't get off just from having something inside them. Ok maybe some do but it's rare, that's why that particular toy vibrates!" She explained with a smile.

"And you thought you'd just trick me into this and I would be ok with it?" Alex asked pretending to be annoyed but frankly he had to admit it sounded like it could be fun. "Let me guess, it's remote controlled and you'll have the remote?"

"Exactly! I knew you were smarter than you looked, although you're in my body now so you do look quite smart" Ashley quipped.

"And if I refuse to take part in this?" Alex asked.

"Well you can and I will swap us back if that's what you want but I thought I'd make you a deal first before you make a decision. How about we take it in turns, alternating each day on of use gets to control the coin and use it how we like? Then on Sunday we go and see Sandra so that's three days each," she offered. Alex took a moment to think about it.

"We can use the coin however we want? And the other has to agree?" He asked.

"Within reason but yes," Ashley conceded.

"Ok deal but remember, if you start today that means the last day will be Saturday which will be my turn so whatever you do, I can get revenge," he warned her.

"Right, good point. Well we will just have to see what happens won't we. Now dear old mother of mine is out for the day but will be back for dinner so you'll have to pretend to be me once she is home and I you," Ashley reminded him.

"Wait we will still be swapped at dinner time?" Alex asked, he hadn't thought it would go on all day.

"Yep, you want to back out?" She asked goading him a little.

"No, I'm sure I can manage," Alex replied defiantly.

"Good, now I should probably go and get the remote," Ashley said throwing back the duvet and revealing her large election. "Seems your body is as excited about this idea as I am," she joked giving her hard member a playful squeeze through her boxers as she climbed out of the bed. Alex found his eyes glued to the bulge in her boxers as she walked past him until it was out of view. 

Shaking his head to clear his thoughts he reached down and pulled up his sweatpants, settling them high on his hips to cover the chastity belt. It was surprisingly comfortable for how tight it was. He tested trying to fit a finger underneath it but with no success. He carefully tested walking forward and found the belt didn't hinder his movement and while the toys slight movement inside his pussy felt nice, it wasn't enough to risk causing his knees to give way just from walking. He felt his stomach rumble and went downstairs to find food, finding each step slightly more pleasurable as he descended. He couldn't deny, by the time he reached the bottom, that he was slightly aroused and the toy hadn't even been turned on yet. He decided to focus on getting food to keep himself distracted and went to cook some bacon but remembered he wasn't in his own body. With a sigh he put the bacon back in the fridge and got a bowl of Ashley's favorite cereal instead, coming to the conclusion he should try and stick to her usual diet while in her body. He doubted she would thank him if he ruined all her hard work and keeping so in shape while he was in control of her body.

He sat eating the cereal wondering how long until Ashley would switch on the toy. He heard the shower start to run upstairs, Ashley had apparently decided his body wasn't clean enough for her liking. Not that he felt bad, he hadn't exactly been prepared for swapping bodies the moment he woke up so she would have to forgive him not being showered. He could smell from the flowery fragrance of her hair that Ashley had already showered this morning before she had woken him but he figured he might have another later and give her body a proper examination, it was only fair since that's what Ashley was probably doing to his body right now.

His thoughts were suddenly interrupted by a buzzing inside him as the toy sprung to life. It wasn't powerful but enough to make him jump at the sudden sensation. Alex wiggled in the chair, trying to judge how much trouble this was going to cause him but found that movement did little to increase the sensation. As it was, the vibrations were enjoyable but again not enough to push him to orgasm, at least not any time soon. He wasn't sure how long term stimulus would effect Ashley's body, whether it would become a background sensation like hair on your head or whether it would increase her sensitivity over time. At least for now it was manageable and Alex smiled, this might be easier than he first thought and then tomorrow it was his turn.

Ashley smiled as she pressed the button on the remote, switching the toy onto its lowest setting. She figured she'd let Alex have an easy start and leave it like that while she had a shower. She stripped of her boxers and stepped into the hot stream of water. She yelped and quickly grabbed the dial turning the heat down, it seemed Alex's body wasn't quite as used to the scalding temperature she usually set it to. She spent a few minutes adjusting the dial until it was just right and then grabbed the soap. Alex hadn't been dirty when they had swapped but she could definitely smell a slight funk that had developed so she set to washing his body, entertained by how different everything felt from usual. Her normally smooth dainty legs were now rugged and hairy. Alex's chest and underarms were equally unshaven and the sensation of washing her cock quickly made it hard again. She gently stroked it, enjoying the sensations of the hard flesh, it was so hard she could feel her heartbeat in it as she squeezed it. She let go and decided against masturbating, there'd be time for that later. Reaching a hand out of the shower she grabbed the remote and pressed one of its many buttons.

Alex finished eating the bowl of cereal, he always found it bland when he had tried it before but Ashley's taste buds found flavors he didn't even know were in there which made it actually quite enjoyable. Just as he was setting the spoon down the toy increased in power sending a jolt of pleasure through him and causing him to drop the spoon which landed with a clatter in the bowl. He gasped as the toy whirred away, pleasuring his insides. He felt his pussy instinctively clamp down on the hard plastic, pressing its walls against the toy and increasing the sensations momentarily until he relaxed again. He was now breathing hard, a familiar sensation of pleasure building in his groin and he reached, desperately trying to find a way past the belt to stimulate his clit but to no avail. The belt was locked in tight and secure and wouldn't budge an inch. Just as suddenly as they started the vibrations stopped and Alex heard footsteps behind him. He looked over to see his own body walk into the room with a big grin on its face.

"Someone having fun?" Ashley asked.

"This might be harder than I thought," Alex conceded, panting heavily.

"I can tell, it's going to be a fun day and you're already so worked up," Ashley replied, gesturing to her old chest. Alex looked down and saw what she was gesturing to, his nipples were extremely hard and poking very obviously through the thin top he was wearing.

"I'm not the only one it seems," Alex countered, gesturing to his old cock that was currently tenting out the towel Ashley was wearing.

"What can I say, I knew it would be exciting being on the other end of this situation," she giggled which sounded very strange coming from Alex's body. 

"I'm glad you're enjoying yourself," Alex muttered, not wanting to show her he was actually thorough enjoying the situation.

"Oh by the way, you should probably know my safe word is palm tree," she said casually as she started to cook a bacon sandwich. Seems she had the same thought as Alex and was enjoying the freedom to eat something different without risking ruining her figure.

"Palm tree? Also that's two words," Alex jibed. Ashley pulled a face and then smiled before pressing a button on the remote, switching the toy back on. Alex instantly regretted being a smart mouth as the toy jumped back to life inside him.

"I picked it when I was on holiday, I saw a palm tree out of the window and it seemed as good as anything else. Use it if things get too much but if you do, you forfeit your day tomorrow. Now I'm going to go and watch tv, care to join me?" She smiled as she finished constructing her sandwich. She walked off before Alex could answer. Alex stood up and followed, his legs feeling a little more unstable than before. He didn't really want to watch tv but he knew he wouldn't get any work done and maybe he could persuade Ashley to go easy on him if he was with her. Plus he might get a bite of her sandwich.

"What do you mean I forfeit?" He asked as he sat down next to her, the belt made sitting awkward and it took a moment to find a comfortable position. He tried to ignore the toy working inside him and focus on the conversation.

"Well I'll let you out if you use the safe word but if you do it too soon, I'll count it as you wimping out so you don't get your day tomorrow," she explained.

"What time do you plan to keep me locked up in your body until?" Alex asked, he hadn't really thought about this earlier but now with the toy already making him pant, the day suddenly seemed much longer.

"How about eight o'clock?" Ashley offered.

"Seven!" Alex countered.

"Fine, seven thirty then?" Ashley asked.

"Deal," Alex agreed, glad she didn't want it to last until midnight.

"Now be quiet and watch the tv" Ashley chided as she finished her sandwich. Alex wondered if he always looked like that when he ate, she had finished her sandwich in just a couple of bites. He pulled a face at her choice of show, was some crappy soap that he had seen her watching before. Ashley noticed his displeasure at her choice and pressed a button, turning the toy up slightly.

"Oh fuck" Alex said inhaling sharply. Ashley smiled and watched her old body squirm. It was an incredibly sexy sight watching Alex trying to focus on the television and ignore the toy between his legs but Ashley knew her body and knew how Alex felt right at that moment. Alex was breathing hard and Ashley watched his tits rise and fall sharply, she had always been proud of her breasts and seeing them from this perspective she felt both pride and arousal. Her cock began to harden again, pressing against the material of the towel, desperate to be freed.

Alex tried to focus on the program in front of him but it was no use. The toy buzzed away at just the right power to keep the pleasure up but never pushing it far enough to reach orgasm. It was torture being balanced right on the edge of bliss but never falling into it. He noticed Ashley watching him as the bulge in her towel grew. In his aroused state Alex couldn't take his eyes off it, his female body begging for it to be inside him. Ashley smiled and leaned to one side, pulling the towel off and freeing her engorged member. She stroked it slowly and Alex stared at it longingly, knowing even if Ashley gave him permission he couldn't mount it anyway with the belt in the way. He groaned in frustration as the toy continued to tease him.

"I'll make you a deal, I'll give you some relief if you give me some first," she grinned. Alex didn't even need to answer, instead he leaned over and grabbed his old cock. Ashley smiled and laid her head back as Alex began to stroke her throbbing member. His movements were erratic at first but he soon set into a well practiced rhythm. It felt amazing and Ashley groaned, Alex knew all the right tricks to please his own cock. That wasn't enough for Ashley though and she reached over, grabbing Alex by the shoulder and pulling him over so he was face to face with his own cock.

He knew what she wanted and looked up at her, she simply nodded her head in a gesture that said "go on". He grabbed the shaft and slid his lips over the head, he had always enjoyed girls starting this way so he replicated it which seemed to please Ashley as she let out a low grunt. Alex tried to remember all the things the women he had been with had done and copied them, trying to get Ashley to orgasm as fast as possible so he could have his own release. He worked his head up and down, his tongue licking and swirling wherever it could. Ashley placed her hands on the back of his head and wrapped them in his hair before pushing down gently, urging him to take more of her length. He obliged and slid the cock as far into his mouth as he could until it hit the back of his throat but she still pushed.

"I know you can deepthroat, it's my body remember and it's had plenty of practice," Ashley said, continuing to push. Alex held his breath and tried to go further but instantly gagged. He backed off and took a breath, trying to relax which was hard when the vibrating was still keeping him on the edge of orgasm. He tried again slower this time and the tip of the cock entered his throat. He felt it stretching it open and blocking off his air as he kept going. Ashley grunted as his nose touched her hip, her entire length now buried in Alex's throat. Alex backed off before going down again, this time was easier and he soon got a good rhythm going before stopping to take a breath. He stole a glance at Ashley who had her eyes shut, enjoying the sensation of having her cock swallowed. Alex returned to his ministrations while gently massaging her balls with one hand. He had ways enjoyed a woman playing with his testicles when they were giving him head and often wondered why more women didn't do it.

Ashley was lost in the pleasure, the sensation of someone deepthroating her cock was immense and she saw why guys liked it so much. An idea formed in her mind and she grinned, tugging gently of Alex's hair and pulling him off her cock. A trail of spit ran for his mouth to the tip of her cock as he looked up. 

"Lay down, put your head over the arm of the sofa," she told him.

"Why?" Alex said, looking at her with suspicion.

"Just do it," Ashley replied, pressing a button on the remote that caused the toy to vibrate hard for a moment and making Alex gasp. He was was close to orgasm it almost pushed him over but again he was denied. In defeat he did as she asked, laying out along the sofa on his back with his head just off the end. He watched as Ashley walked over, stroking her cock as she took up position standing so her cock was lined up with his face. She pressed the tip against his mouth and he opened it allowing her access. She slid the tip in, slowly following it with the shaft until she was once again buried in his throat. Alex was focusing on not gagging as his hands wandered to his breasts, feeling and teasing his erect nipples out of instinct rather than conscious thought.
