 "I'm bored, I hate being stuck in this apartment," Meg complained. It had been two days since they'd captured her and she had spent the whole morning complaining.

"Well you can't exactly go out looking like that," Alex replied. Corvacs magic prevented her from swapping to her human form and trying to hide her horns, tail and wings with normal clothes wasn't going to be easy, not to mention her violet skin which would draw attention all by itself.

"What does he even think I'm going to do? Run off and tell Azalith about you guys? I thought I already made it clear I'm on your side," Meg continued to complain.

"Deal with it," Kono chimed in in an attempt to stop her complaining. Meg gave her a scathing look but knew better than to complain. She'd already been kicked once by Kono and didn't fancy experiencing that again. 

"Fine, I'm going to go take a shower," Meg sighed before walking out of the room. She entered the bathroom and locked the door before turning on the shower. Stepping under the hot water she thought of ways she could entertain herself while she was stuck in the apartment. It was true she had no intentions of betraying her new friends and she understood why they didn't trust her but she didn't enjoy being a prisoner. The least they could do was let her have some fun. 

She came up with a plan and finished her shower. Ashley seemed like a fun person and Meg hoped she would help with putting her plan into action. She didn't really need her help but it'd be much more fun with an accomplice. Leaving the bathroom she found Ashley alone in the kitchen and filled her in on her idea. Ashley was more than happy to go along with it and together they plotted together.

It wasn't until the following morning their plan went into action. Alex woke up and instantly knew something was wrong. It was a feeling he was very familiar with by now, the feeling of waking up inside someone elses body. In this case, it was Kono. He looked around and found himself in his spare bedroom. Pulling off the covers he discovered that Kono slept in just a thong and looking down he could see her small breasts leading to her flat stomach. 

He climbed out of bed and wrapped a sheet around himself as he ventured to his own bedroom. He already suspected Meg was behind this and he would probably find his own body still fast asleep. He quietly opened the door and found his old body sleeping soundly with Ashley curled up asleep next to it, just as they had fallen asleep last night. What he wasn't counting on was that his old body had an incredible erection and as his eyes saw it, he found himself unable to take them off the appealing member.

As if on automatic he walked across the room, which took a few steps more that normal in Konos smaller body. Reaching the bed Alex couldn't help himself as he grabbed his old bodies cock and began to stroke it. Lust filled his mind and he felt the urge to put it in his mouth, rolling Konos small tongue around the tip and eliciting a grunt from his old body which seemed to be waking up.

Alex's body looked at him in surprise and began to say something but was distracted by the feeling of Alex taking more of it's cock into his mouth. Kono had no idea what was happening. The last thing she remembered was falling asleep and suddenly she was awake, had a cock and her own body was sucking on it like their life depended on it. She knew she should stop this and figure things out but the pleasure coursing through her new shaft overrode the logical side of her brain. Despite being a demon she had never had a cock before and the sensation was overwhelming.

Alex assumed it was Kono inside his body, he doubted Ashley or Meg would have looked so surprised and he was concerned she would stop him but felt relief when she laid back and closed her eyes, letting him continue to suck his old cock. He reached down between his new slim thighs and felt his borrowed pussy was slick with excitement. He smiled and pulled the cock from his mouth, climbing up onto the bed and straddling his old body before quickly impaling himself on the cock he was so familiar with. 

Kono didn't stop her old body as it climbed on top of her, she knew she should but her new cock was in control and was very eager to feel the inside of her own body. She moaned in satisfaction, which sounded very strange coming from her male vocal cords, as her cock was swallowed to the hilt by her old bodies tight tunnel. A small part of her brain tried to figure out what was happening. She assumed, like Alex did, that Meg was behind this but she wasn't sure who was inside her body. If she had a cock then she was likely inside Alex's body right now which probably meant he was inside hers.

It was only as Alex began to slowly grind on her new member that Kono realized Ashley was asleep next to her. Fear welled in her stomach and she reached out, grabbing her old body by the hips and holding it still. Alex looked at her confused before Kono nodded toward Ashley who began to stir. They both stayed frozen as she opened her eyes and took in the sight in front of her before smiling widely. 

"Don't let me spoil your fun," Ashley smiled as she rolled onto her back. Kicking away the covers she revealed a large nine inch cock between her legs that was painfully erect as she began stroking it. Alex didn't need anymore encouragement before he began to bounce up and down on the cock buried inside him. Kono wasn't sure how she felt about this situation but as Alex's insides began to massage her shaft she quickly decided to worry about that later.

Ashley watched as the pair fucked in front of her and she stroked her cock. The sight of Kono's tight little body bouncing up and down on top of Alex's large frame drove her wild. Meg seemed to agree as Ashley could feel her excitement welling up inside her. Meg had approached her the night before and explained her plan which involved switching Alex and Kono into each others bodies while merging her own with Ashley's. It would only be a temporary thing and would use up most of her power but it would be worth it Meg had assured her.

At first Ashley was hesitant, letting a demon literally into her body, especially one they had just caught working for the enemy, wasn't exactly a good idea to her. Meg assured her that she would be a passenger and nothing more but Ashley still wasn't sure. What had finally changed her mind was that while Meg couldn't change Ashley's body from the outside, if they merged she would temporarily have all her shape shifting powers. At this Ashley had quickly agreed and Megs plan began to take shape. 

"So glad you agreed?" Meg asked from inside Ashley's mind as they both enjoyed the sensation of stroking their cock. 

"Definitely," Ashley replied. She had missed the feeling of having a large cock between her legs. Something about it just made her feel powerful. Although she wasn't satisfied just stroking it, quickly growing jealous of the groans and look of pleasure on Alex's bodies face. Ashley sat up and moved behind Alex. She thought him being in Konos body quite suited him and the lewd moans coming from his mouth as he slammed his hips up and down on the cock inside him seemed to agree. 

Ashley moved up and began kissing Alex on the neck, her hands snaking around to massage his small breasts as she got into position. Alex felt Ashley's hands roam his body, playing with his small tits before pulling away. One snaked down to massage his clit, eliciting moans of delight as the dual stimulation pushed him to orgasm. Konos body was extremely sensitive it seemed and his orgasm washed over him causing him to fall forward and lay across his own chest. The pleasure was too intense and he had to stop grinding as he calmed down. 

Seeing her opportunity as Alex lay forward, presenting Konos tight ass to her while his old bodies cock was buried inside his borrowed pussy, Ashley pressed forward. She lined her cock up with Alex's asshole and pressed against it. Alex groaned in surprised but then lifted his hips, giving Ashley a better angle. Alex felt Ashley's tip pushing his ass open. He wasn't sure if Kono had ever had anything in there before as it was extremely tight. He moaned a feminine moan as the tip breached his insides. Konos small body felt extremely full having a large member in each of it's holes. 

Alex lay there as Ashley pushed forward until her hips met his ass. She did a few slow experimental thrusts before settling into a slow rhythm as Kono reached up and pulled her old face towards her and kissed it passionately. She experimentally began to thrust her hips upwards, pushing her cock deep into Alex's pussy as Ashley pushed into his ass. All three groaned at the same time as slowly began to find a rhythm in time with each other. 

Alex could barely think. Kono's small body was at the mercy of the two cocks inside it and he felt his muscles begin to tremble as the pleasure of having both holes being pounded began to build. He stayed laid forward, his small breasts pressing against his old muscular chest as Ashley held his hips steady. He didn't move, allowing the two invaders to do all the work and he cried out. The sound of Konos voice moaning lewdly filled the room as he felt his borrowed body reach orgasm. Every muscles shook and trembled as pleasure exploded through every nerve in his body like an electrical current. 

Kono felt her old pussy clamp down on her cock and she watched her body shake on top of her. She knew the pleasure Alex was feeling and that thought combined with the intense pleasure of her own cock pushed her over the edge to her own orgasm. She had never experienced a male orgasm before and couldn't help but grunt loudly as her cock tensed and sprayed its load into the warm tunnel surrounding it. She felt Alex's muscles convulse around her cock, milking every drop from inside it and it felt amazing. 

Eventually her orgasm subsided and she relaxed back into the bed, breathing hard. She could feel each of Ashley's thrusts emanating through her old body and into her now softening cock that was still buried inside her old pussy. She couldn't move to free herself so instead laid there relaxing and enjoying the small rumblings of pleasure she felt with each thrust. Alex was unsure how long this orgasm had lasted, all he knew was his throat was sore from moaning continuously but he never wanted the pleasure to stop. It was so intense he had barely registered Kono emptying her load inside of him but he had noticed she had stopped thrusting, giving him some respite from the overload of pleasure but Ashley wasn't letting up as she continued to fuck his ass.

Ashley grabbed her own breasts and squeezed them roughly, sending bolts of pain through her chest. She had never really been into pain, a small amount here and there was exciting but this was well beyond that. Apparently though Meg thoroughly enjoyed it and Ashley could feel her arousal grow as Megs consciousness influenced her own. She tweaked a nipple painfully hard and was rewarded with a surge of pleasure. She felt the telltale signs of her orgasm approaching and let go of her breasts, grabbing Alex's hips again as she picked up her pace. Her hips made loud slapping noises as they slammed against Alex's ass cheeks. She was thrusting every inch of her cock in and out of Alex's tight asshole and thoroughly enjoying herself.

Her thrusts became slightly less coordinated as her orgasm reached it's peak and she slammed herself to the hilt just as the few load of cum flew from the tip of her cock and painted Alex's insides. Alex moaned out and Kono's body began to shake again as he reached another orgasm. Ashley pulled back before slamming hard forward, timing her thrusts with each spray of cum as her cock twitched until she was thoroughly drained. She pulled her cock out and spanked Alex's ass hard as she giggled at the sight. 

She expected Alex to climb off his old body but was surprised when Kono grabbed him and rolled him over so her temporary new large frame was on top of her old small body. The feeling of Ashley pounding away and Alex having another orgasm had made her cock hard again and she was ready for round two. Lust had taken over her as she rolled on top of Alex and began to pound into him.

"Oh fu- Oh fu- fuuuuuuuuck," Alex moaned out. He wasn't sure if he could take anymore but felt powerless to do anything. Apparently Kono's super strength had gone with her when they had swapped bodies and he was nothing at this point but a small helpless woman underneath a much larger, more muscular man. Not that he really wanted her to stop, the feeling of her pounding into his abused cunt was all he could focus on as sparks of pleasure fired from his groin through every nerve in his borrowed body. Ashley crawled up onto the bed and whispered in his ear.

"You love the feeling of that big meaty cock filling your insides don't you?" She purred. Ashley had always enjoyed dirty talk but with Megs influence it took on a whole new level of fun.

"Yes," Alex replied back softly through his moans.

"Say it," Ashley teased. It took a few attempts before Alex could reply as each time he tried only a moan would leave his mouth.

"Yes I love having my own big cock filling my tight hole," Alex replied. If he had heard himself from the outside he would have been shocked to hear himself say such a thing but in the current situation with Kono thrusting deep inside his pussy and Megs influence effecting his mind it just felt right. 

"Good boy," Ashley grinned. She felt a jolt of pleasure in her crotch as her cock began to spring back to life but she didn't have time to use it and Kono suddenly grunted and began thrusting hard and fast before burying herself deep inside her old pussy. Ashley watched as they both trembled in pleasure as Kono pumped load after load of her sticky fluid into Alex before they both seemed to collapse into pure bliss. They laid there for a couple of minutes, breathing hard and barely able to register the world around them.

As they began to recover Kono rolled over, sliding her cock out of Alex's swollen hole. She couldn't believe what had just happened, it was as if a fog had been lifted from her mind as she realized what exactly had just taken place. She felt her face flush red with embarrassment and was about to excuse herself from the room just as she heard her own voice speak.

"So I take it Meg was behind that," Alex sighed, looking at Ashley as his own mind seemed to clear up.

"Guilty," Ashley smiled although it was Meg replying. Alex watched in shock as Meg seemed to emerge from Ashley's body. It was like watching a figure climbing out of a painting and was equal parts fascinating and horrifying to witness.

"Ah much better, you have a lovely body Ashley but it's a tad cramped in there," Meg giggled causing Ashley to join in. Alex looked at them like they were both insane. 

"What the hell was that?" He asked.

"Body merging," He heard his own voice reply. He turned back to see Kono sat up in his body.

"Exactly, it's requires a lot of power but it's very fun," Meg replied.

"I can attest to that," Ashley confirmed with a giggle. 

"You were inside Ashley's body?" Alex asked as he once again questioned his own sanity.

"Yes, well sort of. It's kind of like my mind goes into her and out physical bodies merge. It's not something I can do often as as I said, it requires a lot of power," Meg sighed.

"So you've been complaining about being stuck in this apartment but could have done that while we went out into the world," Alex pointed out. Megs eyes went wide as she realized he was right.

"Well fuck! Why didn't I think of that?" She complained, annoyed by her own stupidity. "Oh well, too late now and this was pretty fun," she smiled.

"Can you just swap us back now?" Kono chimed in. 

"Oh sure, hold on," Meg smiled and suddenly both Alex and Kono fell unconscious. It only lasted a moment and when they came to they were both back in their own bodies.

"Thank you," Kono said insincerely as she covered herself with a sheet.

"Is there any need for that after what just happened?" Meg chuckled. Kono gave her a look that could scare a lion but still dropped the sheet. 

"Well I guess you've all been getting along," Corvac announced. Everyone turned towards the doorway to find him standing there with an extremely smug grin on his face.

"How long have you been there?" Alex asked.

"Only a moment," he replied as Kono grabbed the sheet and covered herself again.

"So what's the story?" Meg asked hoping it would bring some news that meant she could finally get out of this apartment.

"Not much to say right now, I went to see an old friend but they can't help but they are currently trying to find someone that can," Corvac replied sounding exhausted.

"So I'm still stuck here," Meg complained.

"Well I'm going to meet my friends contact in the morning, you're welcome to come with me," Corvac offered. To his surprise Meg agreed that she would, it would at least allow her to get out for a little while.

"What should we do?" Ashley asked.

"More waiting I'm afraid. Until I find some help there's nothing we can do. Alone we are no match for Azalith," Corvac sighed. Alex felt relieved. As much as the idea of Lucifer escaping his prison didn't sound good, he wasn't overly excited about the idea of facing Azalith if she was as powerful as everyone seemed to think she was.

"Well I'm going to get some rest, try and keep the noise down," Corvac chuckled as he eyed the group of naked people. Konos face blushed furiously while Ashley and Meg grinned. Alex couldn't help but chuckle at how ridiculous the whole situation was. Corvac left and went to lay down in the spare room while the others retrieved their clothes and got dressed. 

"So can you swap peoples bodies whenever you want?" Alex asked Meg as they ate breakfast.

"Yes although it's not easy. Just this mornings antics have left me practically powerless," Meg admitted.

"What does that mean exactly? How does a demon run out of power?" Ashley chimed in.

"Well think of demons like batteries for magical energy. We charge up from various sources, store up power and then use it whenever we cast magic. Once it's used up we have to get more or we're practically powerless. Not completely though, magic is all around us and demons can inherently tap into that to slowly recharge but it's not much, just enough to keep the lights on as it were. If a demon really wants power they have to find more potent sources to draw from. In my case, humans," Meg explained.

"That makes sense I think," Ashley replied.

"You have no idea how much harder that was to explain before humans invented batteries," Meg chuckled. 

"What about you? Where do you get your power from?" Ashley asked as she turned to Kono who had been silent the entire time.

"I don't," Kono replied.

"What at all?" Ashley pressed.

"I don't need to," Kono answered.

"I thought so!" Meg smiled as if she had just solved a difficult puzzle.

"What?" Ashley asked. Alex had been mostly just passively listening to the conversation as he ate but something about Megs tone intrigued him.

"Kono is Valkyr!" Meg grinned.

"Like from Norse Mythology?" Alex asked.

"Sort of. Norse Mythology refers to them as Valkyrie, beings who overlook battles to choose who lives and dies and take the worthy to Valhalla. While close that's not quite right. Valkyr are warriors of heaven. They're angels who come to earth in times of great war and fight along side humans. They are only ever deployed when a battle being won by the wrong side could have disastrous consequences for humanity," Meg lectured, sounding like a professor teaching a class than her usual whimsical self.

"So you think Kono was one of these Valkyr?" Ashley asked as they all turned to look at Kono who was staring at Meg with pure venom in her eyes.
