 "Please don't tell me what I think just happened happened!" Ashley said as soon as he picked up the phone.

"I'm afraid so," Alex replied.

"Did Mike suspect anything?" She asked quickly.

"I don't think so, at least if he did he didn't show it but he may have been too busy to think!" Alex answered chuckling slightly to himself. He could hear the squeak of her latex down the phone along with a familiar noise.

"Good," Ashley said breathlessly.

"Are you doing what I think you're doing?" Alex asked, even though he was already sure of the answer.

"Yes, Mike had to run out to work as soon as he untied me and you know full well what the side effect of switching back is," she replied.

"So why did you call me after?" He asked. Ashley hesitated for a moment before answering.

"I thought it would be hot to be on the phone to you ok?" She said bluntly before she let out a pleasurable moan.

"So not only are you into bondage and latex but exhibitionism too?" Alex teased, although he wasn't complaining. He could feel his cock hardening as he listened to her moan while pleasuring herself with the vibrator. His free hand slid down to his cock and began to stroke it as he pictured what she looked like.

"What can I say, I'm a girl of many tastes," Ashley giggled down the phone. "Hold on I have an idea," she said before suddenly hanging up. The phone rang again a few seconds later but this time it was a video call. He answered and was greeted with a video of Ashley laid on what he assumed was Mikes bed. She had laid the camera at the end of the bed, giving him a perfect view between her latex clad legs. He began to stroke his cock in earnest as she worked her clit the vibrator.

He watched as she rolled her hips, her free hand stroking and squeezing her left breast. She moaned loudly while staring directly into the camera.

"Don't I get a show too?" She grinned.

Alex switched on his camera, opting to hold it so he could still watch while the camera pointed at his rock hard cock. He stroked it slowly with more thought than usual trying to make it as sexy as he could. It seemed to be working as Ashley was staring at her screen intently, her eyes locked to his thick rod. They watched each other as they brought themselves closer to orgasm, Alex was surprised how horny he got knowing she was watching butt was Ashley who reached orgasm first, twitching and moaning loudly as her toes curled and she pressed the vibrator hard against her pussy. The sight pushed Alex over the edge and he blew his load over his stomach almost hitting his camera. They both sat recovering, breathing hard while still looking at the camera. After a minute or so Ashley finally spoke.

"Well that was fun," she grinned. She didn't seem to have any guilt over doing it despite being in a relationship with Mike.

"Unexpected," Alex countered. She smiled and told him she would be back home shortly. He watched as she crawled along the bed to her phone before ending the call.

It was strange waiting for their next visit to Sandra. They acted like everything was normal, barely talking around Kate or even about what had happened, other than occasionally to compare notes or if Ashley found some new information about the coin. They were 100% sure that was what it had to be at this point, every other option they had looked into had led to nothing tangible. Alex felt sure they were right, all the way up until they knocked on Sandras door. 

"Hello, come on in," she welcomed them with a smile. They greeted her back and stepped inside. Alex suddenly felt doubtful about all this, wondering how someone who appeared so normal could possess something as crazy as a magical coin. They settled into their seats and Ashley immediately spoke up.

"We know you've been using a coin on us," she blurted out. Alex looked at her with his jaw hanging open, not believing she had been so blunt about it.

"What makes you think that?" Sandra asked, her face totally neutral.

"We researched it after we starting having those dreams we talked about. Except when we actually talked about it, we realized they weren't dreams, we were swapping bodies whenever one of us got horny while the other was asleep. I looked online and found out about an old pagan coin that was used to do things like that," Ashley said, barely pausing for breath. Sandra just looked at her shocked before she broke into a smile.

"Well aren't you clever," she grinned.

"So it's true?" Alex finally spoke. 

"Yes, although you're the first people I've used it on to actually figure out what was happening," she admitted. "Look between the cushions".

Alex reached down and ran his hand between the seat cushions. His fingers collided with something small and metal. He grasped it and pulled it out. It was the exact same coin they had seen on the internet, the markings were identical.

"So this is really it? It's really real?" He asked.

"Yes, although it can be used for many other things, swapping your bodies is one of the spells it can cast," she smiled. Ashley and Alex both sat there in silence, staring at the coin as he turned it over in his fingers. Despite everything that had happened, it wasn't until they got confirmation from Sandra that they had truly began to believe magic was actually real. The implications of what Alex was holding slowly began to dawn on them.

"So what else can you do with it? How does it work?" Ashley asked excitedly.

"Well so far I've found three spells that work and references to others but they are incomplete. I'm working on piecing them together but it's slow progress. You simply place the coin between the people you want to target with the spell and recite it. That's what I did when you were first here and I went to get you water," she grinned.

"Why are you telling us this?" Alex asked, suddenly uncertain due to her easy forthcoming about the whole thing.

"Because for some reason I trust you and besides, even if I didn't who would you tell? The police or Kate? What are you going to say? Sandra has a magic coin that's making us swap bodies when we are horny? Who would believe you?" She asked with a sly smile.

"Good point, we'd be locked up as crazy people," Ashley conceded.

"Exactly, besides it's helped you hasn't it. You two wouldn't even look at each other when you first got here, now you seem quite close," she said with a knowing smile.

"Wait so the other day, when you and Alex were.. Um... having fun," Ashley stammered, "You knew we had swapped and it was me in his body?" 

"I did, although I didn't know if you had figured out what was happening but you didn't seem to upset by the whole thing," she countered.

"That was the side effect of the coin, not me," Ashley replied although it was a lie, she had thoroughly enjoyed fucking Sandra in Alex's body. "Why does it have that side effect though? We read some reasons online."

"Then you probably read the same as me. As far as I understand it, the spell was to stop cheating spouses, so if they did cheat, it was their spouse who got to have the fun and not them. Kind of an instant karma sort of thing," she explained.

"So you can choose when we swap or is it only when we are sleeping?" Alex asked.

"Only when you are sleeping. Although one of the other spells I have managed to finish does allow you to control it. Want to try it?" She asked with a grin. Alex and Ashley looked at each other before coming to an agreement.

"Yes!" Ashley replied.

Sandra grinned and reached into the pile of papers by her seat, she pulled out a small file and opened it. She motioned for Alex and Ashley to take up a position on opposite sides of the coffee table in front of them and placed the coin between them, resting it upright on its edge. Reading from the file she read something allowed but Alex could only make out a few of the words. He braced himself waiting for something to happen but as she stopped speaking nothing did.

"Was that it? It didn't work," he said, looking down to check he was still in his own body.

"Just wait," Sandra grinned, reaching over to the coin and rotating it one hundred and eighty degrees clockwise. Suddenly the world span for Alex and Ashley, each of their expressions growing blank momentarily before suddenly jumping as if someone had just scared them. They looked around confused for a moment before saying anything.

"Whoa that was weird," Ashley said from Alex's body.

"You're telling me," Alex replied from hers.

"It really worked, I'm you and you're me!" Ashley grinned, shuffling around the table to look at her body from a perspective she had never seen properly before. Alex seemed to be doing the same, studying his own body as how the rest of the world saw him.  

"How does it feel?" Sandra asked.

"Bigger," Ashley replied. "Everything feels slightly out of proportion, like your house has suddenly shrunk a little." It was the first time she had been in Alex's body without any side effect of being so horny she couldn't think straight. This time she had time to actually think about how things felt instead of just wanting to stick her cock in the first thing that was available. Everything felt smaller in his larger body. She experimentally pushed the table and chuckled at how easily it moved. No doubt Alex was a lot stronger than she was. 

Alex was having the same revelation but in reverse, without being so horny he realized just how small Ashley was in comparison to him and how much bigger everything seemed. Looking at his own body it seemed to dwarf his current one, even the sofa and room looked bigger than it had before. He also noticed how soft Ashleys body was, every part of her skin felt smooth against her clothes, no hair or rough dry skin anywhere like in his own body. He stretched and moved, the softness of everything made him feel relaxed. He also noticed how much more limber and agile he felt in her body, probably all the cardio Ashley rather than the weights he usually preferred. It was strange, he thought he'd focus more on the female parts of her but having tits and a pussy instead of a cock was something he had already experienced, it was all the small details he had never had chance to notice before that took up his attention.

"So what do you think?" Sandra asked, finally breaking the silence.

"This is crazy, it all feels so different. I thought the world was just how the world was but seeing and feeling everything in his body makes it seem so different," Ashley replied in Alex's deep voice.

"Yeah I know what you mean, everything feels the same but completely different at the same time," Alex agreed.

"It's amazing how used to viewing the world we get in our own bodies isn't it, we never consider how it appears to someone else," Sandra admits.

"So you've swapped bodies with someone before?" Ashley asked, although she thought that was a stupid question as soon as she said it.

"Of course, in fact, watch this," she said, taking the coin, placing it between her and Alex before reciting the same spell from before. Ashley and Alex just watched fascinated as she turned the coin once again. Ashley watched as her own body appeared to go blank before suddenly startling back to reality. 

"Whoa," was all Alex managed to say but from Sandras body this time.

"How does that feel now?" Ashleys body grinned but it was Sandra asking.

"Different," Alex replied, twisting and stretching and marveling at how tight and strong Sandras body felt. He stood up and walked around, his balance felt off for a couple of steps but he quickly adjusted to his new proportions before turning back to face the other two. 

"It feels good to be in a young body again," Sandra grinned, checking herself out in a mirror and studying Ashleys body.

"Yours doesn't exactly feel uncomfortable," Alex replied.

"I've had a lazy day, keeping my body in that kind of shape takes a lot more effort than it used to," Sandra chuckled. "Ashley are these really real?" She asked, hefting Ashleys breasts in her hands.

"Sorry what? Oh yes they are," Ashley replied after a moment. She had been too busy watching Alex walking around in Sandras body. It suddenly looked much more appealing that it did when she arrived, her long toned legs and the curve of her tight ass seemed to draw her eyes, or rather Alex's eyes, to them. She was equally transfixed as she watched Sandra playing with her breasts in the mirror. Sandra noticed her watching out of the corner of her eye.

"Enjoying the show?" She asked.

"What? I was just wondering what you were doing" Ashley lied, she could feel her cock start to harden between her legs.

"Really? So you have no interest in these?" Sandra replied, pulling off Ashleys top and bra, letting her breasts hang free. 

"Why would I? I've seen them a million times!" Ashley replied trying to sound uncaring but she couldn't look away. It was true she had seen her own breasts plenty of times and never once found them that appealing, sure she liked them and was proud of them but she had never been interested in them in the same way she was now. She couldn't help but stare as Sandra squeezed and massaged them.

Alex leaned against the arm of the sofa watching Sandra teasing Ashley. He was enjoying the show as much as Ashley was as Sandra played with her tits. He couldn't help but feel a flush of arousal, he was curious if being in a female body without the side effects of the coin might effect how he felt about woman but the wetness forming between his legs told him Sandras body was just as interested in women as his mind was. He watched as Sandra walked towards Ashley.

"I think you're quite interested, if this is anything to go by," Sandra smiled, suddenly reaching down to Ashleys erect cock that she was failing to hide. She gasped which surprised Alex, he had never heard what his body make a noise like that before, at least not from an outside perspective. He watched as Sandra stroked his old cock through his jeans, slightly jealous he wasn't in his body to enjoy the feeling. Ashley groaned and Sandra giggled before pulling her hand away.

"Ah even with a womans mind, it's easy to tease a man!" She grinned. Suddenly Ashley leaped on her, using her new size and strength to tackle her own body backwards and kiss Sandra forcefully. Sandra was shocked for a moment but quickly settled into it, her tongue wrestling with the invading one. A hand reached down between her legs and straight into her panties. Ashley knew exactly what she was doing, it was her own body after all, as she slid straight down to her old clit and teased it with her fingers causing Sandra to moan involuntarily.

"Not fair, you know all your bodies favorites" she gasped as Ashley continued to tease and play with her clit. Alex slid down onto the sofa, watching intently as he felt the wetness between his legs grow. Sandra managed to wriggle free from under Ashley, using her new small size to her advantage as she quickly turned the tables, grabbing the front of Ashleys jeans and popping the button with expert precision. She unzipped and tugged, freeing the erect cock in one quick motion. Alex's eyes locked onto it, he had never seen his cock like this before, it looked even bigger than he remembered. He felt a surge of pride but also one of something else.

Ashley tried to sit up but Sandra pushed her back down, kneeling between her legs and grasping her cock tightly. She stroked it gently before leaning forward and taking the tip in her mouth. Alex watched and knew Ashley wouldn't last long, he knew how good Sandra was with her mouth and tongue. He felt a pang of jealousy and couldn't take his eyes off his own swollen cock as he reached down into Sandras pants to find her or rather now his clit. He began to stroke it in small circles, his breathing getting slightly heavier, Sandras body seemed much more sensitive than Ashleys, at least from what he could tell. Each small motion along her clit sent sparks of pleasure up his body. Sandra noticed what Alex was doing and released the cock from her mouth.

"Come join the fun," she grinned, motioning for Alex to join them on the floor. Alex slid down off the sofa and Sandra pulled him towards her, kissing him firmly as she tugged off his clothes. Her hand slid downwards, tugging at her waistline and Alex had to stand to remove the last pieces of clothing. Sandra pulled him back down, not seeming interested in her own naked body standing before her, Alex assumed correctly that this wasn't the first time she had seem herself from an outside perspective. She tugged at him as they kissed and he shuffled as Ashley watched, gently stroking her cock.

Sandra guided him to Ashley as her hand reached between his legs. She ran her fingers along her familiar entrance and Alex groaned as she teased two fingers into him, testing his wetness. She seemed satisfied and removed her fingers before tugging at his arm. He realized she was motioning for him to straddle Ashley which meant straddling his own body. He hesitated for a moment before seeing the giant cock in front of him and the urge of longing returned. He moved his leg over and lined himself up as Sandra grabbed Ashleys cock and guided it to Alexs entrance. He lowered himself onto it, feeling his own cock sliding inside him was a strange but exciting sensation. He expected it to hurt but it seemed Sandras body was well practiced to handle its wider than average girth without issue. He moaned loudly while Ashley groaned under her breath as he reached the hilt, the entire length now inside him. He reveled in how fantastically full he felt.

"Now, can't have all the fun without me. Lets see if Ashley enjoys the taste of her own pussy" Sandra said. Alex was too busy enjoying being on the receiving end of his own cock to question if this was what Sandra had planned to happen all along. He was half right, she hadn't planned on it happening but hoped it would. She had been attracted to both of them the moment they turned up at her door. Sure it wasn't very professional but her views on being professional changed the day she had discovered the coin. She grinned to herself as she shuffled on her knees towards Ashleys head. She swung one leg over and lowered her almost dripping pussy onto her mouth.

This wasn't the first time Ashley had had someone sit on her face but it was the first time someone had done it in her own body. She licked tentatively, she had tasted herself before, sucking lovers fingers clean or kissing them after they had gone down on her so it wasn't anything surprising. What was surprising was the length of Alexs tongue, she found herself able to penetrate much further than she had with previous women in her own body. Sandra seemed pleased by this fact as she ground her hips against Ashleys face. The room was filled with the sounds of female moans as Sandra rolled her hips and Alex bounced up and down along Ashleys cock. She had to keep a conscious effort not neglect Sandra, she could feel the tightness of Sandras or rather Alexs, it was getting hard to keep things straight, pussy along her shaft. She tried to ignore the tightening feeling in her groin, she knew she wouldn't last much longer but didn't want it to end so she focused entirely on making Sandra orgasm as soon as she could. Her tongue licked, teased and twirled at lightening speed, hitting all the spots she knew her body enjoyed and Sandras moans rose in pitch. Suddenly her legs gripped Ashleys head tightly as she pressed her pussy onto her mouth, trying to get as much of her tongue into her as she could as she reached orgasm. Ashley continued to lick as she felt Sandra quivering on top of her. She knew from her movements and memories of her body how powerful the orgasm she was having was, it took a lot to get Ashley to twitch like that.

At the same time Alex rode his hips up and down along Ashleys cock, he knew she was close as it started to twitch inside him. He didn't mind, he was already on the verge of orgasm himself. He hadn't quite mastered riding cock, his movements were still slightly uncoordinated but the sight of Sandra twitching as she came pushed him over the edge. He felt his pussy clench against the shaft inside him as he started to lose control of his core muscles. He groaned and panted and felt Ashley begin to buck under him, thrusting her cock in and out as it twitched, extending Alex's orgasm and pushing him to new heights. Suddenly he felt it swell inside him as it filled his insides with hot liquid. Despite being a man a few minutes ago, something about this felt right now he was in a womans body and he groaned as he felt the hot liquid settle inside him. He slumped down and lay across his own chest, breathing hard as Sandra rolled onto the floor next to him. 
