 Ashley woke up to a ping from her phone, indicating she had an email. She rolled over and sleepily read the email before breaking out into a big grin. She looked at the time, it was almost seven-am and Alex wouldn't be awake for a while. It was Saturday and they only had one more day with the coin since they were seeing Sandra tomorrow and she would probably want the coin back as agreed. Ashley sighed, all good things come to an end she guessed. Still, she had one more thing to try out before they handed the coin back.

Alex woke just before noon. Almost the moment he opened his eyes Ashley burst into the room. How did she know? Had she been waiting? Alex decided not to question it, merely smiling and stretching as Ashley sat on the edge of the bed with the coin in hand. She looked excited and Alex knew she had something planned.

"What is it now?" He asked sleepily.

"I found something, a new spell for the coin," she replied excitedly.

"What do you mean a new spell? I didn't think there were any others anymore," he replied.

"There were, Sandra even said she had tried piecing some together but had been unsuccessful but I've managed it. At least I think I have!" She grinned proudly.

"How? What does it do?" Alex asked sitting up, this news was quickly waking him up.

"I've been looking online in my spare time, bits and pieces are all over. I found a few random phrases here and there and put them together as best I could. Then I sent them to a friend of mine who filled in gaps and compared them to the pieces I had found and managed to track down some books that talked about mind transfer. Well once he knew what he was looking for he found a copy of the spell from an old journal, someone had written it down as part of a wives tale they had been told. BUT we know that some things aren't just wives tales so I got him to send me a copy word for word and while I was close with what I had already pieced together I hadn't got some words quite right but, now he found the journal, I know what the full spell is!" She beamed like a child who had just completed a difficult task and wanted praise but Alex was too sleepy to follow what she had just said.

"So the short version is you found a book that told you the spell?" He surmised.

"Yep," she replied.

"And what does the spell do?" He asked.

"I'm not telling, it's a surprise! Come with me," she said grabbing his hand and dragging him out of bed. She didn't even let him get dressed or comment on his morning wood renting his boxers as she dragged him down the hall to her bedroom.

"Now kneel there," she said as she lay down on the bed. She picked up a piece of paper and read it over before placing it on the floor. Once she had laid down she opened her right hand to reveal the coin in her palm. "Now place your hand on mine."

"Why?" Alex asked suspiciously.

"Just do it, don't worry nothing bad will happen," she smiled. Alex sighed and placed his hand on hers, covering the coin with his own palm. Ashley began to speak but Alex didn't recognize the words. She closed her eyes as she finished speaking and her body went limp like she had suddenly fallen asleep.

"Ashley?" Alex asked confused. There was silence for a moment and he grew concerned.

"Hello? Alex?" Ashley's voice said. Alex jumped and looked around confused, it seemed like the voice came from inside his own head. He looked at Ashley, she was definitely still asleep.

"Ashley?" He called out.

"Don't worry, I'm ok. Whoa this is weird," she replied.

"Where are you? What's going on?" Alex asked unsure where to direct his question.

"I'm right here, in your head. Well your whole body actually. The spell worked, I'm inside you," she replied as she began to giggle. Alex was very confused, he wondered momentarily if he had gone insane.

"What do you mean inside me?" He asked.

"The spell, rather than swapping our minds it moved mine into your body while leaving yours where it was. You're in control but I can hear, see, smell and feel everything you're doing," she replied.

"So you can feel this?" Alex asked as he scratched his arm.

"Yep, it's the strangest feeling having someone else totally in control but being perfectly aware of everything they're doing," she giggled. Alex knew it was impossible as she didn't have any lungs right now but her voice sounded quite breathy.

"You're getting turned on by this aren't you?" Alex said flatly.

"Can you blame me? I like being tied up and dominated so imagine how it feels to be totally under someone else's control," she replied. Alex knew if he could see her face right now she would be grinning from ear to ear.

"So what about your body? Is this safe?" Alex asked.

"As long as we put me back within 12 hours or so it should be fine," Ashley replied calmly.

"Let me guess, you've got plans for the next 12 hours haven't you?" Alex asked but it was more a statement of fact.

"Yep but first you need a shower so off we go," she said cheerily. Alex rolled his eyes and stood up, heading towards the bathroom. He tested as he went if anything felt different, if Ashley was influencing him or anything but everything felt normal. He turned on the shower and retrieved some clothes before stripping off and stepping into the hot water.

"This is so strange!" Ashley suddenly called making Alex jump.

"For a moment I forgot you were there, how about some volume control?" He said out loud.

"Sorry, it's weird to talk. Rather than just talking like normal I have to think about actually saying the words, if I just think them you can't hear me," she replied.

"That makes no sense," Alex replied.

"You tried it. Think about talking and what you would say but don't physically say it," she told him.

"What like this?" Alex replied without speaking.

"Oh that's cool, do it again," Ashley said excitedly. 

"You could hear what I thought?" Alex asked by only thinking.

"Yep, I can't read all your thoughts though don't worry, I can only hear what you want me to," Ashley replied. Alex wasn't sure if he believed her. He continued showering and had to ignore Ashley's insistence on him masturbating as he cleaned his cock.

"That feels so good," she groaned as he stroked soap around his erect tip.

"I'm just washing it, get some self control," Alex chided her.

"Sorry it's not every day you get to ride along in someone else's body, I'm enjoying it," she replied. Alex rolled his eyes again and finished showering before drying off and dressing.

"So what now?" He asked.

"Now you're gonna text Megan," Ashley instructed.

"Why?" Alex asked.

"Because we are going to see if she's up for a little fun. Come on it'll be an experience plus you'll think she's super hot," Ashley told him. Alex thought for a moment before shrugging and pulling out his phone. He opened up his texts and found Megan's number that Ashley had saved.

"Hey you got any plans today?" He wrote.

"No no no, don't say that that's lame," Ashley scolded. 

"Then what should I say?" Alex asked. Ashley thought for a moment then told him what to put. After multiple edits and changing her mind a few times she was satisfied she had come up with a good text. Alex hit send and waited, a few minutes later his phone beeped signalling Megan had replied.

"I was hoping to see you again sometime, come to my place around 7?" She had asked. Alex quickly replied he would be there.

"See, a woman knows what other women want to hear," Ashley said smugly.

"Well what are we going to do, we have a couple of hours to kill, want to go to your own body?" He asked.

"Nah I'll just hang around inside your head, it's fun. Plus you can show me some more of your work if you like?" She asked. Alex simply shrugged even though she couldn't see it, but could feel it, and went to his room. He spent a couple of hours doing various edits before he heard Kate come home.

"Shit, what do we tell your mum if she wonders why you're asleep all evening?" Alex thought.

"Just tell her I wasn't feeling well," Ashley replied. 

"She'll buy that?" He asked.

"Why wouldn't she? It's not like she has any reason to suspect otherwise, she doesn't know about the coin so even if you told her the truth she wouldn't believe I was riding around in your mind," Ashley responded and Alex suddenly felt a bit stupid for being so paranoid. He looked at the clock and shut down his computer as it was almost time to meet Megan. His stomach buzzed with nerves.

"Are you sure about this?" He asked Ashley.

"I'm sure, it'll be fun!" Ashley replied enthusiastically, she could feel the nerves in Alex's stomach and did her best to calm him down as she helped him pick out some clothes. After a few outfit changes she seemed satisfied and they set off to Megan's.

"It's just on the left here," Ashley told him as she drove.

"This is the weirdest sat-nav I've ever used," Alex joked as he made the turn.

"You have reached your destination," Ashley replied, doing her best robot voice impression. Alex shut down the car and took a breath before stepping out. He was amazed by the house in front of him, wondering what kind of woman would live here alone.

"Come on, go knock on the door," Ashley urged. Alex slowly walked up the drive, his trepidation growing with each step but he eventually made it to the door and knocked. He waited a moment and heard movement on the other side just as the door opened. Standing before him was a beautiful young woman, bright red hair and slim body wearing jeans and a woolen jumper. She smiled and invited him in.

"Go!" Ashley called as Alex hesitated. He broke from his stupor and went inside, following Megan to a large front room where a fire was burning in the hearth.

"I hope you're hungry, food will be ready soon. Can I get you a drink?" She asked as Alex took a seat on a large sofa.

"Yeah sure, er... A glass of wine would be nice," he replied, he didn't drink wine often but Ashley was currently insisting in his head.

"No problem," Megan smiled before sauntering off to the kitchen. Alex stared at her ass as she went.

"God you just want to grab it don't you," Ashley said. Alex had forgotten she saw everything he saw and momentarily felt embarrassed. "Hey don't be shy, I want to grab it too," Ashley reassured him.

"You're way to into this," Alex thought.

"Come on how many people get to experience this, just do what I say and things will be fine," Ashley told him as Megan returned with the wine. Alex took a sip, it was sweet and actually quite enjoyable which surprised him. They made small talk for a while, with Ashley feeding Alex what to say, until the food was ready. Alex followed Megan into a very lavish dining room with an old and expensive looking table in its center. He sat down as she retrieved her home made lasagna and served it at the table. Alex's mouth watered at the smell and his stomach rumbled. Megan sat down and the clinked glasses before they ate.

Alex couldn't eat another bite by the time he cleared his plate and declined the offer of dessert. They went back into the other room and sat on the sofa talking and drinking as they let the food settle. It didn't take long until they had finished off the first bottle and started on the second. They were half way through it when Ashley suddenly piped up.

"Lean over and kiss her," she said.

"What? Why now?" Alex asked.

"Because she's been wanting you to for the last ten minutes!" She scolded.

"Really? How do you know?" He responded.

"Jesus Christ you men really are clueless when it comes to picking up signals, just do it!" She told him again. He leaned over and went to kiss Megan who eagerly kissed him back.

"Finally," she teased as she broke off the kiss. Alex was genuinely surprised, he hadn't noticed anything but he stopped thinking about it as she kissed him again. They kissed gently at first, becoming more passionate as their hands began to roam each other's body's. He wrapped his hands around her back and pulled her towards him she was straddling him as they kissed. He grabbed her ass and massaged playfully as she reached down and pulled at his t-shirt. She smiled at him as he raised his arms, allowing her to pull it over his head. She climbed off him and stood in front of him as she pulled at her jumper. Slowly and seductively she pulled it upwards, taking it off to reveal the under bust corset she wore underneath.

"Holy shit, she's hot, I mean I know I've seen her naked before but damn," Alex heard Ashley say and he had to agree. He stared in excitement at the beautiful woman in front of him. The black corset and her red hair contrasted with her pale skin. It pushed her small breasts up slightly giving them extra perkiness and her nipples were pointed and erect. Megan smiled at the expression on Alex's face as she continued to undress. She turned as she undid the button of her jeans, slowly sliding them down to reveal the perfect smooth skin of her ass before letting them fall and stepping over of them. She turned to face Alex giving him a full view of her outfit, she had worn nylon suspender stockings that attached to a pair of sheer crotchless panties. 

His cock grew hard in his jeans and Megan seemed to notice. She smiled and knelt down, unbuckling he belt and pulling it off before unzipping the front of his jeans. He raised his hips and shuffled them off along with his boxers, freeing his erection and kicking his clothes off to one side. Megan grabbed his stiff member, stroking it tenderly before swirling her tongue around the tip. Ashley and Alex both groaned in unison as she worked her tongue in circles before taking him into her mouth. She bobbed her head up and down as she held his shaft steady with one hand and used the other to massage his balls. 

"Fuck that feels good," Ashley groaned in his mind and he simply agreed. He looked down at Megan who met his gaze, keeping eye contact as she slid further down his shaft, pausing momentarily before continuing until her nose touched his stomach and the tip of his cock was deep in her throat. She stayed there, never breaking eye contact as her eyes began to water before she quickly backed off with a wet squelching noise. She gasped for breath and quickly stroked his shaft, massaging her saliva into his skin. She grinned and let go, straddling him again as she kissed him. He kissed her back as she reached down, grabbing his cock before impaling herself on it. Megan gasped as it slid into her and Alex grabbed her hips, holding her steady as she slowly began to move up and down, riding him gently. He grabbed her ass before sliding his hands up her sides until he found her breasts.

"Squeeze them gently, the fun has just started so don't rush in with your big man hands," Ashley told him. He listened to her and gently massaged her breasts, his fingers gently running over her erect nipples. It seemed Ashley was right as Megan moaned and began to ride him faster. Ashley continued to direct him, telling him where to touch and squeeze and pinch her nipples. It didn't take long before Megan was moaning loudly, her hips thrusting up and down, working his cock fast as she reached orgasm. She shivered and moaned as Alex pinched her nipples roughly which seemed to spur her on.

"See, I know what she likes," Ashley gloated. "Now lift her off you and bend her over this sofa," she told him. He did as she said, Megan eagerly complying as he stood up and she knelt down, leaning over the sofa and raising her ass in the air. Alex knelt behind her and pressed his tip against her entrance. It slipped in with ease and he spanked her ass as he began to thrust at a rapid pace, both at Ashley's instruction. He pounded into her, withdrawing almost his entire length before slamming back to the hilt, his hips slapping against her ass. Megan's hands grabbed wildly at the fabric of the sofa, desperately looking for purchase. She moaned and shook as she reached orgasm again, this one much more powerful than the last as tremors ran through her whole body. Alex kept up his pace until Ashley told him otherwise and he began to slow down, letting Megan catch her breath as she panted heavily.

She collapsed forward onto the sofa and reached back, placing her hands on her ass cheeks and spreading them. Alex didn't need any direction from Ashley to know what she wanted as he pulled out and pressed the tip against the ass hole. It was tight and he pushed forward slowly until the tip entered her. She gasped and gritted her teeth at the size of it but didn't complain as he slowly pushed further inside. Inch by inch he filled her ass with his thick member until his entire length was inside her. She groaned as his hips met her ass and he began to thrust slowly. Alex massaged her ass gently before slapping it hard, causing her to cry out in a mix of pain and pleasure. 

"Holy fuck her ass is so tight," Ashley groaned inside his head. "This is so fucking hot but I can't say I'm not slightly jealous of her," she admitted. Alex grinned and continued his methodical thrusting. Megan rolled her hips up and down, working her ass on his cock as he moved back and forth. Alex leans forward and grabbed her breasts, pulling her upright so her back was pressed against his chest. He massaged a breast with one hand as his other slid down to find her clit. He stroked it in slow circles as he continued to fill her ass. She groaned and twitched as he stimulated her already sensitive clit which quickly pushed her to orgasm. Alex held her tightly against him as she shook and moaned. She was trying to say fuck but her moans were stuttered making her words just noises in the midst of guttural groans. 

Alex felt his own orgasm approaching and pushed her forward, pressing his hands into her back as he increased his thrusts to an animalistic pace. Megan twitched and writhed underneath him, her pleasure was so intense she could no longer make any noise. Instead she just shook and grabbed the sofa as her lungs fought the spasms to take sharp, jerky breaths. Alex continued to plow into her, his orgasm quickly approaching.

"Holy fuck, holy fuck, holy fuuuuuck," Ashley called out in his mind as he grunted loudly and started to cum. His cock pulsed and twitched as he buried himself in Megan's ass and filled her insides with his seed. He slowly pulled back before roughly slamming back in, milking every drop from his shaft. Megan groaned between ragged breaths with each thrust until each of them was totally spent. Alex collapses onto her back, kissing her neck gently, his cock still inside her as they each recovered from the exertion. After a while his cock had softened and he slid it out of her, eliciting a slight moan from Megan. She looked up at him and grinned before turning to face him. She reached up and pulled him in for a kiss as he lifted her onto the sofa. They both sat naked, cuddling as they rested in silence, each enjoying their own post orgasm bliss. After a while Megan shuffled down in front of Alex so they were spooning. She pressed her ass gently against his crotch teasingly and his cock responded as it began to harden. She smiled and rocked her hips, rubbing his cock up and down the cleft of her ass. He kissed her neck and nibbled on her ear as he slid a hand under her and reached round to massage her breast. 

She arched her back and reached down between her legs. Grabbing his cock she stroked it gently before bringing it to her entrance. Alex wasn't sure if she was still wet from before or if it was fresh excitement but he easily slipped into her slick tunnel. She gasped and tilted her hips back, pressing her ass towards him and giving him an easier angle to thrust into her. It was an awkward position but Alex was up for the challenge as he did his best so slide as much of his length into her with each thrust as he possibly could. 

"I'm surprised you could recover so quickly," Ashley commented.
