 Chapter 02: First Customers

(A warning to the reader: This story features an extreme amount of futa on male anal sex. If you are not into that sort of thing, this story may not be for you.)

(Author's note: After a long break in writing, I will be continuing the Alien Prostitute series. Our protagonist will not always be the recipient of anal sex, soon he will get to use his penis. Other, and more exotic, aliens will be introduced in later chapters. Stay tuned!)




I was surprised by how well I slept that first night. I was exhausted. When I finally regained control of my legs after the vigorous anal fucking I had received, three more of the blue females came to get me and take me to be cleaned up. Their silvery robes glittered and swished around their bodies as they moved. I noticed for the first time just how form fitting the robes really were. I could clearly make out their hourglass figures, and even see the bulge of their massive cocks beneath the fabric.

These three aliens guided me to another room that was an immaculately clean and glistening white box with a drain in the middle and a detachable showerhead on the wall. In the corner was a metal cart that seemed to hover above the floor that contained a series of strange implements that I couldn't seem to understand. The aliens had been silent until we had entered the room and the door was shut behind us.

"Hello, exotic one," the alien girl nearest to me said.

"Please, call me Richie," I said. My actual name is Richard, but I wanted to be on good terms with these people (if "people" was even the right word).

"Okay... Richie," the first alien said with a smile, "you can call me Lanala. These are my friends, Lasalay and Tulani."

I tried desperately to remember their names, but it was hard.

"Let us not waste time, Lanala," Tulani said, stepping forward. She was shorter than the rest and had smaller breasts, but I couldn't help but notice that her cock was larger. She also had a cute, pixie-like face and shoulder-length hair.

"Right," Lanala said, putting a hand on Tulani's shoulder, "as you can imagine, Richie, working for Exotic Pleasures has its... benefits. We watched the way Sarinia went into you, and, well, we've already paid for our first sessions."

"Sarinia? Which one was that?" I asked, not yet realizing the gravity of the situation.

"She is the one in charge of this branch of the company," Lanala explained, "she had you from behind."

"Oh, right," I said, "wait, you already paid for me? Like, for sex? Now?"

"We couldn't wait to have you," Lasalay said, undoing her robe and letting it fall to the floor. She was tall and buxom, and already her phallus was beginning to rise above her sleek thighs. 

They all followed Lasalay's example and revealed their bodies. My ass was sore and my legs weak, but I was hornier than I had ever been in my life. It most likely had something to do with the alterations that the aliens had made to my body. Lanala walked over to the metallic cart, her erect cock swaying back and forth as she moved, and pulled out a small, white pod.

"You might as well start learning now," she said as she came to stand before me, "these pods contain lubricant. All you have to do is squeeze gently and the mechanism inside will expel the lubricant. Apply it evenly to all of our phalluses, now."

I did as I was told, settling to my knees to have access to their cocks. The lubricant spread surprisingly well, and when I was finished their cocks looked like they were just shiny, instead of lubed. I could tell how effective the stuff was, however, when I touched them. My hand slid right off.

"Stand and face the wall," Lanala said, "bend over and place your hands on the wall. You'll need the support."

I did as I was told, spreading my legs to afford easy access and lower my ass to the level of Lanala's cock. I closed my eyes and tried to relax my sphincter, which was still dripping Sarinia's spunk. It wasn't long before I felt Lanala's hands on my butt cheeks, spreading them apart. Soon her cock was knocking at my back door, and moments later she was pounding me with a fervor. This time it didn't hurt nearly as much as the first, but she finished too soon for me to cum. Next Lasalay had her turn. She told me to get on my hands and knees on the floor, and she fucked me like a dog. Lasalay didn't last very long inside me either, but it was long enough to bring me to orgasm. Once again, I plastered the floor with my cum. It was the second time that I had cum in one day, and it was still more than I could even imagine having stored up in my body. I thought for sure that I would be spent, but seconds later my cock was stiff as a pole and I wanted nothing more than to fuck.

Finally, it was Tulani's turn. I had been afraid of her monumental cock before, and it seemed only to have grown as she watched me be butt-fucked by these other aliens. She had me lie on my back and put my feet up against the wall. My swollen penis slapped against my soft stomach, and my still gaping asshole was held into the air for all to see. Tulani leaned over me and placed her hands above my shoulders. Her breasts were hanging directly in front of me, and they were beautiful. Her chest wasn't as big as the others, but it was still massive, and I loved it. She placed the head of her mammoth cock at the entrance to my ass and pressed forward just enough to hold it in place before putting her hand back in place above my shoulder. She looked me in the eye and smirked.

"You're going to love this."

With a mighty thrust, Tulani shoved the entirety of her gargantuan phallus into my waiting body. The intense fucking I had received already was the only thing that had allowed her to enter me. I looked down at my stomach and, to my great surprise and pleasure, I could see the long bulge where her cock rested inside of my rectum. She thrust with a passion, and before I knew it, I was cumming my brains out. Every couple thrusts would bring a new orgasm before the previous one was even finished. My face was plastered with some strange alien's semen, my backside was coated with the combined ejaculations of Sarinia, Lanala and Lasalay, and now my front was slick with my own cum. I thought that I might lose my mind to the pleasure when Tulani finally came. Her ejaculate filled me to the brink. The pressure in my stomach was intense, but I could hardly feel it over the all-consuming pleasure that I still felt from the repeated orgasms. When she was finished, the alien collapsed against me, exhausted. Her member was so large that even the pressure in my stomach could not expel her. I wrapped my arms around her and pressed her warm flesh into myself. I reveled in the feeling of her soft breasts against my chest.

"Am I ever going to be the one who gets to fuck one of you?" I asked, breathless.

"Certainly," Lanala said, "just wait. Most of your customers will be coming to you for your penis specifically. We're only breaking you in." You could hear the smirk on her face.

After that, the three of them washed me off. They stuck a hose up my ass and cleared out the contents of my bowels so that I wouldn't be offensive to my customers. When I was clean and fresh, they stuck a small, smooth devise up my ass. I was about to ask why they did it when I figured it out. My buttocks, sphincter, rectum, everything was sore from my recent experience, but the machine took away all of the pain and tightened up the muscles that had been exhausted. I was renewed.

Before I went to bed on a soft, silvery mattress that was provided for me, Sarinia came back and provided me with a meal. It was everything that I wanted at that moment: steak, mashed potatoes, corn, and a tall beer. I didn't ask where she had found the food. I didn't want to know.

"So, Sarinia, why do you need me? I mean, you females could have sex with each other, couldn't you?" I asked, innocently.

"Most of us are not homosexuals," Sarinia replied, "though there are some who are, and who do what you propose. We merely provide a service to those of us who desire relations with exotic creatures. It is nearly impossible to classify an entire species with one blanket statement. Most females here are unsatisfied with sex and cannot find release through masturbation because of the social stigma, but it is not universally that way for all of us.

"You'll have to be able to accept a multitude of different thought patterns and belief systems in this job. As I mentioned, we are not the only species in this universe, and we don't just service our own species. If you are willing, you may even service any number of different sentient creatures."

After a moment's reflection on what she had just told me, I looked back up at the beautiful woman's face and said: "I think I might like to try some other aliens, if I find them interesting."