 Authors note: This is the final chapter in this series, thank you to all who have stuck with it despite delays getting chapters out. I really hope you have enjoyed the series and that you enjoy this final chapter!

Alex woke up early, he had mixed feelings about today. He and Ashley had to give back the coin to Sandra which on one hand, he was sad about. Since he had found out about the coin his whole life had changed, he had experienced things he never thought possible, found out magic was real and he had had the best sex of his life. On the other hand he was looking forward to getting some kind of normalcy back to his life. The last few weeks had definitely been fun but part of him wondered how long it could keep going before he became completely detached from reality. He shrugged on his clothes and went downstairs to find Ashley but instead found Kate.

"Where's Ashley?" He asked as he began to make some toast.

"Gone out, said she had some errands to run this morning," Kate replied as she sipped her coffee. "You two still going to see Sandra this afternoon?" 

"Yeah, although it'll probably be the last time, I don't think we need to go," he replied as the toaster popped. He took the toast and began to spread it with butter.

"I suppose, you two have been getting along well recently and once you give the coin back you'd have no need to see her again," Kate said casually. Alex almost dropped the knife on the floor as he realized what she had just said.

"You knew? What? How?" He asked, spinning around to face Kate who just grinned at him.

"Of course I do, why do you think I suggested you go and see her in the first place?" Kate smiled.

"But how do you know about the coin?" Alex pressed.

"Well not only is Sandra a good friend but me and your father went to see her a couple of years after we got married. We were having some trouble connecting with him being away for work all the time and I had some trust issues so Sandra suggested the coin. Of course we didn't believe her at first but once she showed us it actually worked we agreed to try it out. So while your father was away, if he got aroused while I was asleep, which with time zones I was usually asleep when he was awake, we would swap bodies. It helped us connect and things have been perfect ever since," she explained.

"So you've known this whole time and not said anything? Why not?" Alex asked.

"Because if you both knew that I knew you'd have been much more hesitant to use it. I didn't want to get in the way, you two seem to have quite the connection now," she grinned knowingly.

"I mean..." Alex stuttered, caught off guard as he suddenly realized Kate knew he had been spending his time in a woman's body.

"The other day at dinner, you two had swapped hadn't you?" She asked.

"Yeah, was it that obvious?" He replied.

"No but I knew something was off. And last night? Who was that I could hear?" She smiled innocently.

"Last night-" Alex's cheeks burnt bright red as he realized what she meant. She had heard him moaning while getting fucked.

"You should really learn to control your volume," she teased, bursting out laughed as Alex's cheeks went a brighter shade of red and he stared at the ground. "Oh lighten up, it's nothing to be embarrassed about, at least not with me. I've had experience with the coin too remember, I've been a man," she reminded him.

"Right, it's just... Well... Awkward to talk about," he admitted.

"Well don't be ashamed, most men wonder what's it's like to be a woman at some point and most women wonder what's it's like to be a man. We've just been lucky enough to experience it," she pointed out which made Alex feel better.

"I suppose, it's just so weird you know? Part of me is kind of glad we are giving the coin back and we can get back to normal," he told her.

"Get back to normal? Things will never be normal again I'm afraid, you've seen the other side of the curtain now and as much as you might feel like you can put it all behind you you can't. You'll always wonder what else is possible, what other amazing magical artifacts exist. Where do you think your father is right now?" She asked.

"On a business trip," he replied as if it was a stupid question.

"He was but that ended a couple of days ago, now he's flying over to Brazil to meet someone about a statuette that's supposed to have magical properties," she told him.

"What does it do?" Alex asked suddenly captivated by the idea of another magical item.

"It's said it can connect people, let you feel what they feel both physically and emotionally," she replied as she drained the last of her coffee. She stood up to get more as they continued to talk.

"And where is it from? Is he bringing it home?" Alex asked.

"We aren't sure and hopefully, if he can persuade the current owner to sell it. We've been tracking it down for a couple of years now, apparently most people think it's just a common statue so it's not in a museum or anything which made tracking where it was much harder," she explained. Alex was lost in the world of possibilities. Finding out about the coin was amazing enough but being told about another item just made him wonder how many more there were and what they could do.

"This is incredible," he muttered. Kate hesitated for a moment before speaking.

"That's not the only item we've found," she said finally.

"What else?" Alex asked eagerly.

"This ring," she said, holding up her hand. Alex stood up and looked at it, he had seen her wearing it plenty of times but had never looked at it up close. Now he did he realized it looked old, very old.

"What does it do?" He asked. Again Kate hesitated before speaking.

"I really shouldn't be telling you this," she said.

"Telling me what? Why what does it do?" He asked again.

"It has a spell cast on it, whenever the wearer puts it on, it will change there gender," she explained.

"But you're wearing it and you still look like a woman to me," Alex replied.

"I said it changes gender, not the wearers body," she reminded him.

"What's the difference?" Alex asked confused. Kate just looked at him like he was an idiot before tutting and rolling her eyes.

"I'll just show you," she said flatly as she grabbed the waste of her shorts. She pulled them down in one fluid motion along with her underwear, exposing a large flaccid cock hanging between her legs. Alex eyes widened in shock, both at what he was seeing and the sheer size of it.

"That's..." He began but couldn't think of what to say.

"Watch," Kate replied as she removed the ring. She slid it off her finger and almost instantly the cock began to shrink at lightening speed, disappearing quickly and leaving behind a smooth hairless pussy. Kate closed her eyes and shivered in pleasure.

"That's incredible," Alex muttered.

"Want to try it?" Kate asked, holding the ring out apparently uncaring she was stood half naked in the kitchen. Alex hesitated briefly before taking the ring and looking at it closely. It was an old, plain looking silver ring but on closer inspection he realized the filigree was actually the shake of a vagina and on the inside was an engraving of a cock.

"I don't know..." He said slowly, unsure if he wanted to try it on.

"What's the worst that'll happen? You don't like it and you take it off and it all goes back to normal?" Kate pointed out.

"True," Alex agreed. He debated it for a few moments longer before deciding to slip the ring onto his finger. It fit perfectly, he could have sworn it grew slightly to fit on his larger finger but he didn't have time to think about that as the second he put it on, he felt a tingling in his groin. Without thinking he pulled down his own pants and boxers and gasped as he saw his cock was no longer there. Instead he could see a small mount leading down to his new pussy. A small tuft of hair sat above it, just as neat and trimmed as he kept it so that hadn't changed but his cock and balls were completely gone.

"Amazing isn't it," Kate said breaking him from his staring. 

"It's something alright," Alex replied quietly, still shocked at what he saw. Sure he had been inside two different womens bodies so far and had experienced having a pussy but having his own was totally different. He still had his usual masculine body, nothing else had changed except he definitely had a very feminine aspect between his legs.

"I know, the first time I had a cock of my own I couldn't believe it. I mean it wasn't the first cock I had had, I mean attached to me, not in me," Kate giggled before continuing. "Anyway, having one on my own body was completely new but something about it being mine, not borrowed from someone else, made it so much hotter," she said, closing her eyes as she remembered the event and her hand drifted towards her crotch.

"Ermm Kate?" Alex called.

"Oh right sorry, got a little bit distracted there," she grinned sheepishly. Alex couldn't help but smile at the whole situation. If he had been told a month ago he would be stood in the kitchen half naked with Kate who was also half naked, he'd have laughed at the absurdity of it. Now he was doing exactly that while wearing a ring that turned his cock into a pussy and chatting away like it was the most normal thing in the world. 

"Do you want this back?" Alex asked gesturing to the ring. He noticed Kate staring at his new pussy. 

"What? Oh, hold on I'll be back in a moment, keep the ring on," she said walking out of the room, leaving her clothes behind. Alex sat down and leaned forward to get a better look at his new equipment. Again he had had a pussy before but it was always someone elses, this one was actually his and he was curious. Using two fingers he gently pressed against his labia, pulling them apart. The inside of his new tunnel glistened slightly, getting aroused by his touch. He let go and moved up to his clit, it peeked slightly out of its good and he gingerly rubbed a finger across it, feeling a small thrill of pleasure run through him as he made contact. He ran his finger tip in a small circle around the little pleasure button and gasped. A small bead of fluid ran from between his nether lips as his arousal grew. The combination of arousal and curiosity got the better of him and he slowly slid a finger into himself. Part of him wondered if his internal organs now matched his new equipment while the rest of him didn't care, too consumed by the pleasurable sensation of his finger sliding in and out of him. He hadn't even realized he had began to thrust his finger slowly back and forth, not had he noticed Kate come back downstairs.

"Enjoying yourself?" She asked, making Alex jump and quickly withdraw his finger.

"I... I was just..." He said quickly, turning to face her as his cheeks burned. He quickly forgot about his embarrassment as he saw her stood there with a large erection jutting from her pelvis.

"This is your fathers," she said, holding up her hand and indicating to an identical ring to the one Alex was wearing. Alex looked from her cock, to her hand and back to her cock. His aroused mind and the wetness between his legs could only think about one thing. 

"Do you think... Could we?" He asked quietly, not wanting to admit what he wanted. He was conflicted with emotion. Part of him struggled with the face this was his step mother, his fathers wife and Ashleys mother. Normally he would never want to fuck her, sure he had thought about it, she was very attractive, but he never actually considered acting on it even in the unlikely event that the chance some how presented itself. The rest of him though could only think about the large cock she had, attached to her toned body and large tits. His pussy grew even wetter at the thought of her bending him over and ramming deep into him. He told himself this was far from a normal situation so the usual rules of what was ok didn't apply. 

"What was that?" Kate asked, although she knew what he wanted and she wanted it too.

"I want you to fuck me," Alex said quietly after a moment. Arousal battled with embarrassment, it's not like he hadn't wanted to be fucked and hadn't actually been fucked before but this time was different. Before he had been in a womans body which some how made it easier to admit that's what he wanted, but now in his male body even with the pussy between his legs, part of him couldn't let go of his male ego. He looked up and saw Kate grinning as she walked over, her hips swaying in a very feminine fashion causing her cock to swing from side to side. She sat on his knee, straddling him and kissed him gently, her cock pressing between there bodies. 

"It's ok, I want to do it too," she whispered. Alex smiled and kissed her again as she stood up.

"Should we go upstairs then?" He asked.

"I'd rather you bent over that table," Kate said in a tone that told him it was more of a command than a suggestion. He did as he was told and leaned over the table, raising his hips and looking behind him as Kate smiled and stroked her cock. Alex suddenly began to worry, would her cock fit? Would it hurt? He had done this before but again it was always someone elses pussy that had been penetrated many times before. His was new and he was basically a virgin. His worries quickly melted away as Kate reached out and stroked his pussy before carefully sliding two fingers inside. Alex groaned as pleasure washed over him. She carefully worked her fingers back and forth, testing how wet Alex was before she removed her fingers, satisfied he was ready. She grabbed her cock and pressed the tip against his entrance and slid it into him before pausing. Alex gasped but didn't seem to be in any discomfort and she proceeded to slide inch after inch deeper into his slick tunnel.

"Holy fuck," Alex groaned as she reached the hilt, all 12 inches of her member filled his insides. The sensation of being so full was all Alex could focus on, he didn't even question how the entire thing had fit inside so easily. Kate grinned, she hadn't told him that the rings magic made his pussy able to accommodate any size and still be the perfect fit. She pulled back and slid most of her shaft out before pushing back in in one long, smooth motion. Alex moaned, his new twat sending waves of pleasure through his body. He wasn't sure if it was because it was the first time it was being used or something to do with the ring but it felt different than before, not better or worse but different. He didn't mind, regardless of it being different it still felt incredible.

"You ready?" Kate asked, again making it sound more like a statement than a question. Alex nodded and she smiled as she pulled back before slamming forcefully into him, her hips slamming into Alex's ass as the table shook underneath. She did it again and again, picking up the pace each time until she was roughly fucking Alex hard. Alex moaned almost constantly, his male body making very feminine noises. He didn't care, all he could focus on was the pleasure he felt as her long, thick rod massaged his insides. He could feel the swollen head travelling up and down his tunnel with each thrust. It didn't take long before he felt his first orgasm approaching, he grabbed onto the edge of the table and hooked his legs around Kate's ass, using them to keep most of her length inside him and push her even deeper. His body began to spasm as he reached orgasm, he cried out, his hands gripping the edge of the table so tightly his knuckles turned white. 

Kate didn't slow down, she was getting close to her own orgasm as she used one hand on Alex's back to steady herself while the other massaged her large breast. She could feel Alex twitching underneath and he moaned loudly, his pussy clamped down on her cock and she could feel the muscles contracting and relaxing as each wave of pleasure washed over Alex. She started to moan herself, her cock swelling as her climax approached. She let out one loud cry as the dam inside her broke and her seed exploded down her shaft. Her cock twitched as load after load of her fluid rushed down to the tip, spraying out and filling Alex's insides. Her orgasm lasted almost a full minute, Alex could barely speak by the time her cock stopped twitching and she was breathing hard. Alex groaned, it felt like he had gallons of her cum inside him, which unknown to him was almost true. The magic of the ring enhanced a male orgasm to release much more than usual. Kate began to withdraw her cock, sliding it out of him as her some of her seed escaped, running onto the table. Alex groaned and rolled over, his stomach gurgled and he looked down, surprised to see his belly swollen up. It resembled that of a pregnant woman and made a sloshing sound as he moved.

"What the fuck?" He asked in shock and Kate giggled.

"Sorry about that, that's my fault. You see the ring can do more than just swap which genitalia you have, it also enhances different aspects. For example I thought about having a big cock when I put the ring on so it gave me one, you were obviously thinking about whether it fit so it reshaped your pussy to accommodate such a big cock. But it also meant when I was cumming and thinking about filling you with so much of it you swelled up, it also made that happen, so sorry about that!" She said, giggling again.

"Well how do I get rid of it?" Alex asked, slightly calmer now he knew what had happened but still a bit freaked out.

"Just take the ring off," she told him. He reached over and pulled the ring from his finger, almost instantly his stomach shrank back down to it's normal toned state and his cock and balls grew from his groin. He laid back on the table breathing hard, relieved that he wasn't stuck that way. Kate burst out laughing and he quickly joined her. It took almost a minute for them to get themselves back under control and catch their breath as Kate wiped tears from her eyes.

"Well just when I thought things couldn't get more ridiculous, I end up wearing a ring that gave me a pussy being fucked by my step mother on the kitchen table. Is this really real or have I just gone insane?" Alex asked. He was joking but part of him did wonder if he really had finally gone mad.

"Don't worry, you're perfectly sane. I had the same thoughts after I found out about all the possibilities that magic created," she reassured him.

"Good, maybe we should clean up," he said, gesturing to the mess on the table.

"Yeah and I need you to promise me something, never tell Ashley about this. Your father and I have an understanding, I'm not the only woman, or rather person, he sleeps with and he's not the only person I sleep with so there's no need to feel guilty but I won't tell him either," she said.

"Why can't I tell Ashley? Other than her maybe being upset I fucked her mother," he said.

"Technically I fucked you," Kate grinned. "But anyway, not only do I want her knowing I know about magic, I don't want her knowing about these rings because you know her and she will want to use them. I know it's selfish but there's a good chance if I lend them to her I wouldn't get them back." 

"Why do you think that?" Alex asked.

"Because she's my daughter and while I know she doesn't meant to steal my things, the number of clothes and other things I've given her to borrow that I've never seen again is beyond count. I don't want these rings to be added to that list, she can get her own," she smiled.

"I can understand that, I won't tell her but I think you should eventually,. What do you mean get her own? There's more?" Alex replied.

"Yeah we found multiple pairs existed but we only needed one. And I might do one day. Besides for now I wouldn't want to risk ruining anything you two have going," she said.

"What do you mean?" Alex replied.

"Well you've obviously become very close and you're both single, I just thought with how much time you've been spending together there might be more going on," she said with a sly grin as she cleaned up the mess.
