 The following morning, Sabrina woke before the prince and immediately set about kissing, licking, and subsequently sucking the prince's cock until he shot a hot, thick load of cum in her mouth. She giggled and winked at him.

"Good morning, your grace! I had a great night and a great morning so far," Sabrina whispered into his ear. "Did we really take your virginity last night?" 

Isaac nodded and smiled at her.

"Did you really enjoy your night and morning?" Isaac asked. Sabrina smiled and squinted before she giggled and kissed his cheek.

"Yes, your grace."

They rose from bed, and he saw that Daphne still slept. He did not see Sabrina.

________

"Yes, your majesty, Dr Daphne Deepthroat. Last night. I argue we do nothing yet, your majesty. She has an accomplice that will arrive soon, apparently. At least she indicated as much."

"Great work, Samantha! Great work! And so soon" Cutie said, flying out of bed to grasp her crown and gold wand before embracing Samantha. They pressed their gorgeous tits together as they hugged naked. 

"Wait, the phone next to the gallery?"

"Yes, your majesty," Samantha answered.

"I disconnected that phone some time last year. No one ever used it, and it became more fun as a prop or decoration. Hmmm. This is most curious," Cutie said and pondered.

"We should act as though nothing has changed. If she suspects something, then we might not catch the true culprit. She seemed, according to Isaac's story, to have out of the blue asked him if she could join him. She even initiated the bet that she would get naked and suck his cock, I think, in order to make him agree without thinking. The question now is, who is she really, and for whom does she work?" Samantha said quietly.

"My guests arrive this evening. Please use today to set Daphne at ease as much as possible. I think you and Sabrina should give Isaac a little display of the two of you in a sixty-nine. I think that would keep Daphne calm without her suspecting," Cutie said.

"Yes, your majesty, the sexier and sluttier, the better!" Samantha said, and they kissed passionately before both climbing into Cutie's massive bed to pleasure each other using Cutie's various toys and fingers, tongues, and mouths. Cutie gave her attentions to Samantha willingly, and she kept Samantha from using any toys on her. The Queen wanted to please her favorite subject, and Samantha quickly found herself curling her toes and crying out in pleasure. She gasped as Cutie's cute lips and mouth deftly teased and played with Samantha's pink clit until a powerful orgasm shook through her body. 

Queen Cutie remembered her gold wand and gave it a wave before Samantha's whole body shuddered, and her back arched as her nipples hardened. Samantha gasped out to catch her breath.

"Are you loyal to your beloved Queen?" Cutie giggled as her hand waved the wand.

"Always, your majesty!"

__________

Samantha and Sabrina joined the prince on the patio for breakfast. While he ate they sat on a large pillow placed there by the queen, and the pillow had enough room for both of them to lie flat across it.

"Isaac, sweetie, did you have fun with your teacher last night?" Cutie asked as Isaac spread his family pinkberry jam across a piece of toast. Daphne wandered to the table, her massive tits wobbling left and right with each pace. She sat next to Isaac and raised her arms over her head to tie her hair in ponytail. He eyed her chest as her nipples grazed the surface of the table as her hands tied her hair in a ponytail.

"Yes, mother," he said, and he took a bite of the toast. The taste of the pinkberry jam hit his tongue, and it brought a wave of nostalgia in an instant. The dry and somewhat bitter yet sweet jam had always remained a royal secret, passed from queen to princess. "Did Yvette make this jam or did you?"

Daphne looked at the jam and reached a cup to pour herself some tea from the kettle.

"I made it. You know Yvette hates anything I like," Cutie said to Isaac before speaking to Daphne with a different tone. "Good morning, Daphne! Did you enjoy yourself last night?"

Daphne bowed her head and nodded.

"Yes, thank you, your majesty," Daphne said softly.

Samantha and Sabrina kissed and caressed each other, but both listened intently.

"Where is Yvette?" Isaac asked, and Daphne fumbled with her tea cup, spilling some hot water on her finger for brief stinging sensation. 

He took another bite, and his eyes flitted to take in the sight of Samantha and Sabrina engaging in mutual cunnilingus. His cock stood hard, and his thoughts slowed as he stared at the twin blond bombshells licking each other passionately between the legs.

"Somewhere around here, I am sure. She never goes far, if she even leaves. She never liked wearing clothing, like me, so she typically does not leave the island for long if she does leave," Cutie said and swirled her orange juice into her champagne as she poured the two together in a tall champagne flute.

"I forgot about you jam, Mother. I love it," he said before he engulfed the last bites of his slice of jam covered toast.

"Thank you, Isaac. So, did you have a good night together?" Cutie asked to both Isaac and Daphne. Daphne had a strange expression on her face, looking confused, anxious and carefree. 

"I had a great time!" Isaac said. Daphne held her cup of tea, and Cutie watched her and eyed the ring on her finger. Daphne slowly looked around the table, flashed a smile at Isaac and clasped her other hand around the mug, covering the ring inside the palm of her hand.

"I had wonderful night as well, your majesty!" Daphne said.

"Have anything planned today?" Cutie asked, holding her perfect posture and her champagne flute between two cute, dainty fingers.

"I do not know! Isaac, maybe you could show me around the place, and give me a tour. Show me some customs!" Daphne said enthusiastically.

Isaac engulfed more toast lathered in pinkberry. 

"Have you taken a look at that cultural custom?" Cutie pointed to Sabrina's tongue pushing open Samantha's inner labia. The twins moaned in unison as they both worked the other to climax on the large flat pillow.

Isaac struggled to give his attention to Daphne, and Cutie watched his eyes and smirked to herself.

"Daphne, I could give you a tour. I would be remiss in my duties as a hostess and Queen if I did not give you a very personal, very thorough, and very culturally enriching tour of my domain. Come!" Cutie grabbed Daphne, and before Daphne could offer objection, Cutie pulled her to her feet and led her inside the palatial manor.

Isaac chewed his toast slowly as his eyes carefully watched Sabrina's tongue massaging Samantha's pink pussy, and as Samantha grew louder in her moans, he could see her pussy growing wetter and redder. Her vulva grew more and more engorged as she reddened and dripped wetter with every lick and kiss from her twin sister. Sabrina looked from between her sister's legs at him, and her hand extended to beckon him closer. He looked around and saw no one around before he rose to his feet and crossed the patio to the pillow.

_______________

"My family has a history that goes back for thousands of years! Here you can see my family sigil, the Pinkberry patch with our words, 'Berries Jam Love'."

"What does that mean?" Daphne said as she looked at an old cape with gold embroidered letters. The script looked completely foreign to her.

"I just told you. It reads, 'Berries. Jam. Love.'"

"Excuse me, Cutie. I meant, what does the motto mean? Does it refer to your berry jam?" Daphne said, and she held her hands behind her back as she leaned close to inspect it. Cutie glanced down at the ring again, trying to get a better look at it.

"If you follow me, please," Cutie walked ahead of Daphne, removing her gold wand from the hidden pocket in her cape. She turned abruptly to Daphne, and her wrist quickly waved the gold wand in an intricate dance with her free hand. Daphne's face went completely blank and slack, and her eyelids drooped until almost closed.

"Huh?" Daphne said as though dazed and groggy. "What? Is this a dream? Where am-"

Cutie slashed with the gold wand through the air as though cutting through the aether visible only to her. Cutie showed her anxiety and worry for one tiny, brief moment before she recomposed herself, and Cutie's royal posture returned to her as Daphne's expression returned to the bright, smiley person a few moment earlier. 

"Ooooh, cool! Is that-"

"The Royal wedding gowns! Behold the many generations of marriages preserved here," Cutie said, and as Daphne walked along pressing her nose and her nipples into the display window, Cutie wiped a tear from her eye. Cutie put her hands over her naked body under her royal cape, pinching on her nipples to excite herself.

"We sadly lost many more dresses in a fire some few hundred years ago. The diary entries detail over 400 dresses before the fire, and only 322 survived after that. Since then, this family added another sixteen. Now we have 336. Next we have several gold collars allegedly smithed by the elves who lived here before any humans came to live all those years ago."

_____________

Sabrina mounted the prince and kissed him passionately as she rode him, hitting her climax rather suddenly. She liked feeling the prince's cock penetrate her hot, wet flesh in broad daylight and outside really put her over the edge.

Each pump of the prince's cock prompted a delight whimper from Sabrina, and the prince did not need long feeling her gushing, tight pussy gripping his throbbing cock with intense wet heat.

His cock sprayed deep inside Sabrina as he grabbed her by the throat and rolled with her across the pillow until he mounted her. He thrust into her deeper and deeper, squeezing her throat slightly as he pumped his load as deep as he could. Sabrina's whole body tensed. Her toes and feet curled tight. Her back arched. The sight of her pink nipples hard and pointing, and the sound of her cries of ecstasy kept him excited and continued thrusting. Isaac released her throat and placed his hands on the inside of her thighs to spread her legs completely flat apart in order to give him even better access. Sabrina drooled and moaned a primal, raw, unintelligible sound, as words evaded her mind entirely. 

Samantha giggled as she watched cum dribbling from Sabrina's wet cunt. Samantha quietly got to her feet and wandered into the house to find Daphne and the Queen.

___________

Samantha wandered into the house, using one hand to adjust the pink and purple strap she had clasped around her throat like a collar. She felt a sudden and slight pinch followed by the wave of physical euphoria and acute arousal. Her eyes fluttered, and she felt her pussy drip wet down her inner thighs.

Samantha recuperated slightly and continued on her way through the house to the second floor before exiting onto the large balcony. She walked slowly along the balcony until she spied the Queen in one of the gallery rooms engaged with Daphne. Samantha tried to watch and stay professional, but she eventually could not help herself and put one hand in her wet pussy to finger herself while she watched and listened to the queen licking Daphne's pussy while Daphne licked the queen.

"Shit, everyone is having such a great time today," Samantha said to herself quietly. Her fingers worked faster and faster as Queen Cutie and Daphne tumbled together in a prolonged, lurid embrace.

"I hope Sabrina is having fun at least."

______________

"Yes, your majesty!" Sabrina said and moved to resting on her knees as Isaac rose to his feet, putting his wet cock right in her face. "You have a really great cock, your majesty!"

Isaac gripped her shoulders as she dove her hot, yielding mouth around the tip of his throbbing cock.

The day passed into the evening. Kaston and Katarina shuffled about the house in a frantic scramble to make the final arrangements and preparations for the Queen's guests.

___________

Samantha and Sabrina stood naked together, holding each other and kissing as they watched the final preparations for the guests. Kaston quickly set up a vibrating saddle for Sabrina and soon strapped her into it. As guests entered the hall, they would all be greeted by the sight of Sabrina strapped to a saddle with a vibrator and dildo working her pussy while her arms and legs lay helplessly in restraints. It gave prying eyes full view of every inch of her naked flesh, and the saddle faced in such a way that guests would see her backside and naked bare asshole first before seeing her drooling yet elated face. The collar around her neck chained to the front of the saddle kept her sitting forward and her back arched so that anyone could come behind her and look at her hairless asshole and the dildo plunging in and out of her pussy. Within a few minutes, Sabrina began to drool. Words escaped her again as wave after wave of orgasms quaked through her shuddering naked body.

Samantha pulled a small paddle from the selection of crops, whips and such, and she gave her sister's cute ass a gentle slap and spank. They both giggled and laughed at each other, but Sabrina had difficulty focusing on anything as pleasure shuddered through her naked body.

"Welcome, Lord Leonard of House Lemontree. From bitter and sour comes erupting sweetness! Welcome, House Lemontree!"

Katarina announced in her beautiful voice into the entry hall as each guest arrived and slowly entered the palace one after another. She declared the names of the guests, to which house they belonged, and the words of said house.

A dark-skinned older man with yellow blond hair strutted into the house wearing a perfectly ludicrous suit with lemons embroidered over the whole thing. His cane had lemon on the top of a gnarled stick. 

Lord Lemontree stopped at Sabrina petted her hair with one hand before entering the parlor where Kaston offered him a drink of Pinkberry wine.

"Welcome, Lord Baron Brandan of House Broad-Branch. Broad enough is our branch! Welcome, House Broad-Branch!"

A large, towering, hairy barrel chested man wearing a leather thong and a leather bowtie lumbered through the entry with five short, slender and petite, young men on chains shuffled behind him. The large, burly man held one long leash which attached to each of the collars of the smaller men. Each smaller man wore nothing except leather gloves, leather boots, leather collars, and the leather masks that blocked their mouths, ears, and eyes, but left their noses exposed. Additionally each man wore a black metal cock ring.

He tugged his leashes and entered the parlor, slapping and spanking asses, stopping at Sabrina and Samantha to give them thumbs up.

"Great look, ladies!" He cooed, gently slapped Sabrina's cute butt with his massive, meaty hand before he pranced into the parlor.

"Welcome, Lady Mistress Lelia Nobbler, and Lord Baron Istor Abernad Cogg of House Cogg-Nobbler! Eager to learn, eager to please! Welcome, House Cogg-Nobbler!"

A tall, hourglass figured, voluptuous woman with stunningly beautiful features walked in escorted by a short, frumpy and pudgy man with a cartoonish twirly mustache and tall hat with a matching long tailed jacket. They both wore a combination of turquoise with black polkadots.

Lady Lelia stopped at Sabrina and watched her while her husband, Baron Cogg-Nobbler retrieved two glasses of Pinkberry wine. Lelia stood in the entry, sat on a velvet couch across from Sabrina and Samantha and watched intently. Samantha spanked her sister's cute ass again with the little paddle. Sabrina moaned and squealed in a high pitched, tiny voice demanding more without using any real words.

"Great work!" Lelia said, holding her glass of wine and saluting Samantha. The Baron returned to the parlor after giving her the glass of wine. He appeared excited and elated to see the burly Baron Brandan Broad-Branch, and they all hugged together with the masked naked boys.

"Welcome, Duke Darron and his daughters, Dalia, Delores, and Diana of House Thick! Thick as cream! Welcome, House Thick!"

Indeed they were thick as cream. The Duke led his daughters, and it would be hard to not see a resemblance. They all came nude in shoes and capes. He had a round, flat face with sturdy body and sturdy limbs. His daughters all had round, round asses and thick, shapely bodies with cute, round faces and curly reddish blond hair. They all had gold bronze skin. They each looked more perfectly curvaceous than the last. Each Thick girl stepped slowly and deliberately in tall high heels, letting their bodies, round asses, and cute perky tits jiggle and jostle with each pace. 

Each Thick girl gathered around Sabrina, shoving their round asses into Sabrina's drooling face, and the Thick girls twerked their naked asses. Sabrina tried excitedly to lick each pink winking asshole dancing in front of her. The Thick girls all laughed and giggled as their ample flesh quivered and slapped together. Lelia laughed and toyed with herself as she watched.

"Hello, Duke, thank you for bringing your luscious daughters! I do love them so!" Lelia said to the sturdy Duke. He nodded to her and went back to joyfully watching his daughters. The three Thick girls bounced their asses for a minute until their father herded them into the parlor, which erupted in cheers and loud yelps as the other guests greeted the Thick family.

Samantha spotted Yvette, the princess, coming down the stairs and joining the guests. She wore only her tiny little gold tiara, her gold nipple rings, gold earrings, and her gold fishnet stockings and gold gloves with matching gold high heeled shoes.

Yvette looked through the crowd at all the guests, and Samantha turned to look into the crowd of guests only to lose sight of Yvette. 

"She must have gone down the other hall," Samantha whispered to Sabrina. "Stay here, Sabrina. I am going to check on Yvette. I want to see what she is doing."

Sabrina tried to nod at her sister, and Samantha could see her sister's eyes crossing and unfocusing as she drifted in and out of orgasmic joy. Samantha turned to Lelia and offered her the paddle.

"Maybe give my sister a little spanking?" Samantha said, and Lelia looked wildly overjoyed and thrilled. She jumped to her high heeled feet and grabbed the paddle.

Samantha held her tits in her hands as she tried her best to run in her high heeled slippers without making too much noise. She peered around through the hall and saw Yvette exiting a door sipping a glass of alcohol. Samantha watched Yvette continue into the hall to the main parlor to greet guests.

Samantha eyed Daphne in the parlor having a drink and talking with the Duke, who gave her massive tits a few gentle squeezes. Samantha saw Daphne laugh, pull her shoulder straight back and hold her hair aside to give the Thick girls an unobstructed access to grope and pinch her. Daphne giggled with delight as all six of their hands tickled her.

Samantha heard Katarina call out the next guest through the sound of the whack of the paddle on her sister's flesh followed by moans and faint laughter.

She could not see to the parlor anymore due to the massive Broad-Branch blocking the line of sight. She realized if she continued in the hall, she might alert the princess and Daphne that she lurked through the house so she returned to the entry to pass through to the parlor using the main door to not arouse suspicions. 

"Welcome, Countess Vicki of House Vixen! Our bodies will achieve! Welcome, House Vixen!"

Upon reaching the door, she was greeted with the sight of Countess Vixen strutting through the hall right up to Sabrina as Sabrina yelped out another dozen orgasms. The countess wore her usual long, slender black cape and little black hat, leaving her nearly superhumanly voluptuous body completely uncovered for all to see. She had massive, gravity defying tits with long pointy nipples and perfectly large, pink areole. She had flawless, bronze dark skin and flat, toned stomach. Vicki Vixen had no pubic hair at all. Her body looked stunningly perfect, shapely and athletic yet thick and jiggly in all the best places. Her thin waist, her long shapely legs, and slender arms gave her a graceful and wispy appearance if it were not for her huge round ass, and huge jutting tits she had a thin appearance. She wild silvery white hair in loose buns above both ears, and she had a tiny little black hat pinned into her hair, perched on her head. Over her long, shapely legs she had long black leather high heeled boots that zipped all the way up her thighs to a few inches below her perfect, round, bouncy ass.
