 Part 3

The party ate a small feast which mostly consisted of little concoctions that further drove everyone's lust and vigor. The Queen spared no expense in making her initial feast perfect. The Pinkberry wine kept everyone horny, excited, happy, drunk, high, and laughing. Pinkberry had been a family secret for hundreds of generations.

The Swallows found a renewed energy and excitement as they made their way to the dimly lit lounge full of pillows, couches and comfy furniture.

"Tell us, shy Prince, how did you get your teacher to come here?" One guest asked.

"Or is that you, Doctor Deepthroat, got him to take you?" The guests laughed, and Isaac looked longingly at Daphne. 

"I always had a crush on her," Isaac started after a sip of Pinkberry wine. "I think every boy liked her. When he asked me to take her home, I did not know what to say. Then she took me to her office and took off her clothes, and she sucked my dick. It was amazing. Sorry, Mother, and sorry, Samantha and Sabrina, I lied. Dr Deepthroat took my virginity the day before I came home. Mother, if you want someone to commend, commend Daphne for convincing me to return home after I blasted another load inside her asshole!"

The guests gave light applause and laughed. Samantha eyed Daphne, and she found her eyes and ears slowly focusing not on the dark skinned Indian woman, but on Yvette, Isaac's older sister. She seemed a little too tickled with Isaac's story. 

"Dr Deepthroat... Will you give us a show or performance?" Queen Cutie asked her guest, and her other guests cheered and applauded the idea.

"Great idea, your grace!"

"Wonderful plan, your majesty!"

"I would very much enjoy seeing Dr Deepthroat, but only if her majesty also partakes!"

Cutie rolled her eyes at her sycophantic lower lords. She retrieved her gold wand from tiny cape, and with a wave of her hand and wrist, the whole room began to writhe and moan. Kaston dimmed the lights and stood watching the guests like a vulture watching hyena's devour a corpse.

Samantha watched her sister slither her naked body between Lady Vixen's nude men, and the many pairs of hands grabbed her and spread her open. Samantha saw Queen Cutie pull close Duke Darron Thick for a deep kiss. The Thick girls threw themselves into the mass of wriggling naked people. Samantha tried to maintain some composure to continue watching the group, but hands from all directions pulled her into the mass. She found herself losing control with the group until she let fingers spread her legs and ass. Two thick, hard cocks pushed at her face, and Samantha obliged by sucking both dicks, swapping between the two as she slowly worked them both. 

The twins did their best to please as many in the group as possible. The wine kept them and everyone wriggling and alert, priapic and supple. The guests remained in a huge writhing orgiastic mass until the Swallows sisters had given themselves to all in attendance that would have them in return.

Samantha finished the evening working two masked young men while Vicki Vixen watched with a delighted and devilish grin on her face. Samantha found it difficult to resist the long, thick, veiny cocks wagging in her face, and she relished every inch and every rope of cum that shot from their great length.

Finally, Samantha swallowed the last loads of semen from the masked men, and they settled into the corner with pillows for a short nap. Samantha found her sister, and they curled up together to shut their eyes. As Sabrina fell asleep, Samantha watched Daphne getting to her feet. Samantha looked around the room, and she noticed Princess Yvette missing from the slumbering group. She saw Isaac and every lord, but she also did not see Queen Cutie. She stalked across the room behind Daphne, and she followed Dr Deepthroat through the house. 

Upstairs, Samantha saw Daphne slink through the lengthy halls to the bedroom before quickly continuing to Yvette's room. Samantha made her way onto the patio and quietly peered in the window, and she spied Daphne standing motionless in the room next too Yvette. Yvette held a small orb that appeared made of smoky crystal no larger than the size of a small orange. It had a dark purple interior with bright pink wisps. As Princess Yvette waved the crystal ball in her hand, chanting a few words, Samantha could see the gem encrusted ring on Daphne's hand flutter and glimmer with lively color.

"Has Daphne removed the Hummingbird, yet?" A soft voice said behind Samantha, and she whirled and tried to muffle her gasp as she caught sight of Queen Cutie sitting directly behind her on a lounge chair in the dark.

"Good evening, my sweet, thoroughly attentive and brilliant detective. Do you have anything to report?" Cutie whispered.

"I think..." Samantha said, turning and peering into the room to see Daphne lying on her back and slowly removing the gold vibrator from between her legs.

"What no one knew," Cutie whispered as she reached between her legs and removed an identical gold vibrator to the one Samantha saw Daphne holding.

"Huh? Your majesty?"

"No one knew I had made a clever forgery of the Hummingbird years ago when I first placed it on display. I never told anyone, not even my own daughter, and how glad I am. Look at that little skank! I thought I taught her better than this low level scheming. I should punish her just on principle that she thinks so little of my intelligence! My goodness, there it is!" Cutie hissed and pointed, and Queen and Samantha spied Yvette opening a small trunk and removing from within it a small cape, a tiara, a corset, and buttplug decorated with a gorgeous ruby.

Samantha glanced at Cutie, and the two quietly nodded at each other. No need to say anything. Cutie sighed, and they walked into the house, found Kaston who had two royal guards and even a priestess waiting at the front entrance.

"Welcome, thank you again for coming, Sister!" Queen Cutie said and kissed the priestess.

"Absolutely, your Majesty!" The priestess said. 

The group marched inside the house and stormed into Yvette's room. Yvette had a look of shock as the guards set upon her and seized her. She had anticipated something from the items the possessed. Daphne looked at the group with a bewildered astonishment but remained quiet and still.

"Thank you, royal guards, you may take her to my royal stocks and give her everything she wants!" Cutie said frowning at her daughter.

"Your Majesty!" The priestess, Kaston, the guards, and Samantha all gasped.

"Mother!" Yvette pleaded and cried. "No!"

"Yes! You have seriously embarrassed me. Let the whole garrison have her then give her to the priestesses in the temple!" Cutie wagged a finger as she spoke.

"Your Grace! I beg you! Something perhaps less severe to attract less attention?" Samantha said. Cutie rolled her eyes and scowled.

"Mother, please. I can explain!" Yvette started.

"Oh yes?"

"I did this for someone else... They promised to help the family if I gave them something in return," Yvette said, and Cutie's cute face suddenly looked ghostly and muted.

Cutie touched the guards, and they dropped Yvette on her bed.

"Tell your mother," Cutie said as she stroked Yvette's soft cheek.

"This woman..." Yvette tried not to cry, but her voice immediately wavered. "This woman told me she used to be a mistress or a duchess or something!"

Cutie's faced squinted and screwed until she scowled a most unattractive frown. For the first time anyone had ever seen of their Queen looking not cute!

Cutie stomped her cute, little foot and turned her back to Yvette. She shook her head and glanced at Samantha with a desperate look that made Samantha feel shivers crawling up her spine.

"Where did you meet her, my sweet, silly girl?" Cutie said seizing her daughter's cheeks with both hands.

"She... She lived in the cove!" Yvette blurted.

Cutie released her daughter, and she turned to the priestess.

"Take her and Daphne to the Silk Dungeon and put them both in the Gold Chains. Do not hurt them, and make care not to remove their rings. Merely keep them until I fetch for them! Kaston, meet me in my inner sanctum after you have helped the Great Sister with my daughter and my son's little teacher!" Cutie ordered, tore the garments and items from her daughter's body and marched into the hall.

Cutie took Samantha to speak with her intimately in a secluded room.

"You will return these items to each respective lord. You and your sister will not mention any of this, instead you will tell each lord you found their stolen item and have taken steps to bring the thief to justice. Tell them the Queen appreciates their discretion, as I will appreciate yours, Samantha!"

"Yes, your majesty!" Samantha said as she took the items in her slender arms.

Cutie delivered Samantha a deep, passionate kiss before the Queen departed the room and ventured through her palace to narrow and labyrinthine hall.

Samantha gathered the items and brought them to the lords napping in the lounge. She woke her sister and told her their plan. Within a few minutes, as each lord woke from their drunken stupor, hungry for more of something in the not-so-tiny hours preceding dawn.

The twins returned each item, and the lords rejoiced and thanked the twins. Stephanie and Stanley Swallows held each other, their hearts singing to witness their daughters serving as royal harlots and resolving the theft of heirlooms from the great houses. The two parents wept and embraced warmly, finally happy and thrilled their twin daughters had grown into the perfect subservient concubine sluts, serving the Queen in mind, body, and soul.

"Hooray for House Swallows!"

"Yes, but not so loud!" One lord said, holding his temples.

The room erupted in laughter and cheers for the entire Swallows family.

"Always!" They cheered as they poured more Pinkberry wine and saluted them. 

Isaac slowly realized his mother, sister and his teacher had disappeared from the room. He cheered his concubine sluts and moved to the hall to find where his family and teacher had gone, when Samantha followed him and put her arm around his waist.

"Hey there, Prince Isaac. Your mother had to take care of some business. I need you to come with me..." Samantha said, and she kissed him on the lips, cheek, then ran her mouth over his ear and neck. She took him by the hand and led him across the house to a distant room.

___________

Meanwhile, the Queen entered a small room through a secret door. She removed everything she wore except her gold crown. She opened a small, elaborately carved wooden box and carefully removed a crystal orb the size of a small orange. It had a fizzy gray and purple color with pink wisps fluttering deep within.

Queen Cutie retrieved her gold wand and began playing with herself. The orb started to pulse luminous color that began to shine brightly as her arousal and excitement grew.

__________

"What do you think, your majesty?" Samantha said as she presented to Isaac his teacher and his sister, both with gold collars around their necks, and gold chains attaching them to the floor. Daphne and Yvette both had their arms secured behind their backs and chained to the floor behind them. They both sat perched on little silk pillows with gold stitching designs across the pink silk pillows. Daphne and Yvette moaned and sighed as gold dildos magically animated fucked them each in both holes.

Isaac laughed.

"Is this my mother's idea of welcoming me home?"

_____________

__________

Queen Cutie found her son, Isaac, in the Silk Dungeon, a large padded room that served as a jail cell from which few had the resolve and willpower to break its enchantments the overpowered the mind as the shackles overpowered the body. The magic dildos that perform their duties magically animated would inevitably break the spirits of those jailed. No one ever felt pain or misery inside the prison, and often times, those freed refused to leave. Currently, though, only Daphne and Yvette sat in the jail. Isaac used the opportunity to enjoy himself a double blowjob from his favorite teacher and his sister. The Silk Dungeon had turned Daphne and Yvette into insatiable cock sucking whores lustfully and gleefully blowing Isaac for the past two hours.

After Isaac shot another load onto Daphne and Yvette's faces, Cutie unshackled Yvette's manacles to let her stand before removing her from the room.

Queen Cutie tugged on the gold chain attached to the collar still attached around Yvette's neck.

"Yvette!" Cutie said as she shoved her daughter into the arms of the waiting priestess and her guards. "Yvette, for bringing shame into our home and undermining our house's authority, I, Queen Cutie, hereby sentence you to serve the priestesses for the next two years!"

The priestess and her guards smiled and grinned like devils as they slid a large, heavy iron collar around Yvette's little neck. 

The Queen could not watch as they dragged her daughter through the halls and out into a waiting carriage.

Cutie returned to Isaac and watched him filling his teacher's mouth with another thick load of his semen, and she removed the ring on Daphne's finger. The magic gold dildos dropped lifeless onto the floor. Daphne immediately recoiled and shook her head as she looked about the room.

"What? Where am I? Isaac? Where are my clothes?" Daphne exclaimed.

"You fell under the control of a powerful magician," Queen Cutie said. Isaac looked shocked at his mother and back at his teacher. He grabbed a blanket and returned to cover his teacher. Daphne flashed a weak smile at him.

"What did the magician make me do?" Daphne said.

"I think they made you seduce my son in order to get you here," Cutie said, and Daphne's eyes widened.

"Is that why I am naked? And is this cum in my mouth?" Daphne exclaimed.

"Yes to both," Cutie said.

"I am truly sorry, Dr Deepthroat, but you were very convincing," Isaac said.

"Yes? I convinced you how?" Daphne said as her hands pinched her nipples slightly.

"You found me at school, and you told me if I took you here to my home to observe as a professional and as my teacher. You offered me your body in exchange," Isaac said, and Daphne's face turned a deep crimson.

"Did you enjoy having me? Did you like having your teacher as your personal little whore?"

"I-" Isaac started, and his mother pulled him close to whisper in his ear.

"The Silk Prison brings out a certain level of honesty. She will answer you truthfully no matter what she thinks. She will answer how she truly feels!" Cutie whispered.

"Will you continue to serve my son as his personal little sex slave?" Cutie asked Daphne, and Daphne bit her bottom lip and nodded. "Sign the contract, please!"

___________

"Here and here... and here for anal, and here for oral!" Cutie said with a smile as Daphne put her signature on numerous pages.

"So this contract means that I would be your personal prostitute?" Daphne said with the pen in hand.

"No. Concubine," Cutie replied.

"Any difference?" Daphne asked.

"Yes!" Isaac said. "As concubine, you may decline anything, however, if you do not uphold any part of the contract, then I can nullify the contract. I pay you upfront with another payment in a few months with the last payment when the contract expires."

"And here is how much we pay you for each clause and specialty, et cetera..." Cutie said, flipping to another page.

Daphne's eyes looked over the document, and she held it closer to her face. She let the small towel she held for modesty drop to the floor, and she felt goosebumps crawling over her whole body.

"Is this real?" Daphne asked.

Cutie nodded, and Isaac smiled at her.

"Half a million just to not wear clothing for a year?" Daphne blurted, and Cutie and Isaac nodded at her.

Daphne slapped the document on the desk.

"So could I just get paid to lounge around her naked?" Daphne asked.

"Yes, but I would love to have you as my concubine, Dr Deepthroat. I always had a crush on you, and I think you would be well worth the cost," Isaac said, and Daphne felt overwhelmed and excited.

"You would really pay this much just to look at me naked and fuck me?" Daphne said with a gasp.

"Yes. You will certainly be worth every penny," Isaac said.

___________________________

"Again?" Daphne laughed as she licked her lips and swallowed another hot load of cum. Isaac nodded and slapped his cock across her face.

Daphne giggled and rolled her eyes as she took him in her mouth again.

"Not every day I get my hottest teacher as my personal whore!"

"Hmm, I admit I do enjoy this!" Daphne said as she cradled Isaac in hand, and her tongue teased the head of his cock.

Daphne could not believe herself. She felt more alive than she ever felt in her life after signing her body to her former student to use as his plaything for a whole year. The contract had promised her a lucrative sum after her work, and she loved every second so far of her servitude. Her body reacted by opening and warming to an intimate heat she had never known. Every ounce of her body loved the idea that someone would give so much just to use her for pleasure.

__________________________

Cutie sat in the secret room hidden behind the one-way mirror watching her son, Isaac, as he consummated his new contract with his new concubine, Daphne Deepthroat. She marveled at her son's sizable girth and incredible stamina.

"Just like his father and his grandfather! Ha!" Cutie said, and she sipped her wine while running her fingers through Sabrina's blond hair as Sabrina worked the Queen to orgasm.

"So who controlled your daughter and Daphne, your majesty?" Samantha whispered.

"My sister, Kissy. I thought she had died long ago when I first gave birth to Yvette, but somehow she resides beyond my reach. I searched for her, but something keeps her hidden. I wonder if she has a magic veil. I think the Coggnobblers might be able to help, but we will wait for now until I sort some business. Thank you again for your great work, ladies."

"Always, your majesty."

"Your father seemed happy, Samantha. Do you think you might consider my offer?" Cutie said.

"Maybe, your majesty."