 "How could I trust anyone else but you two for this? This mission demands a higher level of trust, and the Swallows family has been a friend of the crown for generations. Another generation of friendship and trust sounds great to me, Sabrina and Samantha," Queen Cutie Pinkberry said to the twin sisters. Queen Cutie lived up to her name with a stunningly cute face, cute nose, cute ears, cute lips. She even had cute hands and feet!

"Yes, your majesty. Always, your majesty," the Swallows twins said in unison. 

"As you know, each major house on Morphu island takes turns hosting the summer festival in their manor. Last summer festival, Lemontree hosted. This year it has made its way all the way around the island back to the throne! Yours truly is hosting, tee hee!" Cutie said twirling her auburn curls in one hand.

"Yes, your majesty," the twins said in unison.

"Now, what you do not know..." The Queen leaned close, and the twins drew closer to their queen to listen. "Each of the past festivals has seen a major theft of a family heirloom. Several houses have lost an item in the last festivals. You both will run security undercover in order to catch the thief."

"Undercover, your grace?"

"Since you both have studied at the Academy, you both have certification. You both also studied off the island as well, and you both studied to become investigators or detectives. How convenient? I know your parents, especially your father, wanted you both to enjoy the lives of concubines, and that you both wanted more for yourselves. I want to give you a chance to do both. You will go undercover as concubines but will act as security detail," The Queen continued as the twins sat closer and listened more intently. In Morphu, a girl selling herself as a concubine attracts huge piles of money, and it brings honor and prestige to their family. A concubine gets to make a contract that states her abilities, skills, and costs, and they sell themselves to whoever meets the price. Ultimately, the girl who sells herself as concubine comes out richer and better off. As well, it made the small island kingdom very wealthy.

"I will pay you both enough that can do basically anything you want. Start a business! Travel the world! Whatever, wherever. Here is what I will offer as downpayment. At the end of the summer, I will pay you this amount again, but if you catch the thief, I will offer you five times this amount. Find the stolen items, and you will earn even more. Trust me, ladies, I really need you."

"Yes, your grace. We will always serve our Queen," Sabrina said, but Samantha hesitated. Sabrina turned to glare at her twin. Samantha scratched her chin.

"Who will hold us? You?" Samantha asked.

"My son, who turns twenty this week, returns home the same day from college. The poor lad has not ever had a girlfriend, I worry. Every time I ask the boy if he has met a girl, he changes the subject."

"Could he be into boys?" Samantha asked.

"Ha, I think not. When he still lived here on Morphu, I caught him spying on some of my girls I hosted one year. He certainly enjoyed stealing their underwear and stealing glances. Trust me, I even sent a handsome boy to hang around him, but my son wanted nothing to do with him. Alas, I still worry the boy will not want a girlfriend or even a concubine. The culture of the island, the concubines, I worry turn him off," Cutie said with a laugh that shifted to an anxious expression.

"Your job will mostly center around spying on my other guests and especially the other lords. I suspect someone within one of the major houses orchestrates these thefts. Whoever it is, I want them!"

The Queen rose to her feet and adjusted her purple and rose pink, velvet cape. She pushed her small gold crown to the center of her head again and walked across the room. Under her cape she wore only her lace bra and lace panties. She always wore bras a few sizes too small in order to make her big tits look that much bigger. As well, Cutie enjoyed having her nipples partially exposed. She loved the feeling of her nipples touching the air.

"Isaac will not prove difficult to manage. He will most likely not occupy either of you much, but your work for me will prove interesting. Take this job and work for yourselves while also bringing happiness to your parents and prestige to your family. They will think their two girls have finally grown into the slutty whores they had always wanted!" 

Queen Cutie reached into her lace panties and retrieved a folded check. She opened and placed it on the table around which the twins sat. Samantha attempted to look at the check, but her sister snatched it from the table.

"How can we say no?" Sabrina said as she read the check.

"So I can count on you?" Cutie asked, her eyebrows raised and her mouth in a half smile.

The twins looked at each other before turning to the Queen with smiles on their faces.

"Always!" The twins said together.

The Queen smiled and pulled a short golden wand from a hidden pocket in her cape. She waved it in front of herself as though signing her name onto an invisible piece of paper.

___________________

Samantha and Sabrina arrived via carriage to the Queen's manor, and they filed into the house with several other young women they assumed would also serve as concubines. Samantha and Sabrina counted two dozen other girls.

Inside the main entry, and tall, handsome man showed in each concubine. He had a chiseled features and strong eyebrows over his pale green eyes.

"Her majesty needs each concubine to conform to uniform policy. Due to security concerns, I must take any and all luggage. Please leave your luggage here in the lobby, I will deal with it."

Samantha looked at him, and she could see a small, metal collar around his throat, well hidden behind his shirt collar and necktie.

"I will need your names," he murmured as he stepped to the front of the line.

The man reached inside his jacket pocket and removed a dozen little straps in different colors. He handed one to each girl, carefully choosing from the rainbow of colors to give each girl her corresponding color.

"Samantha."

"Sabrina."

The man handed a pink and purple strap to each sister, and they looked at each other before they looked at the other girls, who stripped naked and strapped the garter to one thigh or strapped it around their throat.

"Please conform to the Royal uniform code!" He barked, and Samantha and Sabrina nodded their heads and stripped their jackets, blouses, skirts, bras, and panties. They left their clothing in a heap. Samantha squatted in front of her sister, and she helped Sabrina slip the garter up her leg and tie it on her thigh. Sabrina then helped her sister tie it around her neck as a choker.

After the last girl stripped and dressed in the uniform, the man moved to the front of the line. He opened his mouth as though to speak, but his neck appeared to tense suddenly, like he had to cough but could not. He immediately doubled over as though in tremendous pain, but he made no noise and remained kneeling. Behind him a door opened, and from it, Queen Cutie Pinkberry appeared.

"Hello, my summer sluts!" She exclaimed. "I have come to inspect my little concubines myself, Kaston!"

"Yes, your grace! Excellent idea, your grace!" The kneeling man said.

"Of course it is!" Cutie said, holding a small golden wand in one hand. She waved the gold wand, and Samantha heard the man emit a low grunt. She also saw a faint smile on his face, even as he kept his face directly down to the floor.

"Yes, hello!" Cutie said to each naked girl as she walked from the front of the line to the end, pretending to care about each concubine's name.

Finally at the end of the line, Queen Cutie clicked her heels and sauntered to the front of the line, and she waved her wand with a wide smile.

"Each girl has a room assignment! Pink goes to the top floor, blue on the second! Green takes north wing, yellow goes to the south. I will show everyone to their rooms, thank you for your patience, ladies. Follow me!" Cutie said as she led her concubines to one winding hallway.

After each concubine entered the hall, Cutie tapped her wand, and her man stood abruptly.

"Come along, Kaston!" Cutie purred at him, and he quickly kept pace with the group.

"Remember, no one may touch Kaston! Kaston may never touch any of you! If you touch Kaston, you will lose your contract for the summer with no pay. If Kaston touches you, I will cut his balls off!" Cutie said, laughing and giggling, and Kaston looked mortified. "I jest! I jest! But really, do not touch Kaston."

The Queen showed each concubine to a room, and Sabrina and Samantha received their room assignment last. After Cutie showed each girl her room, Cutie would wave her wand in a ceremonious or ritualistic manner before moving to the next girl and room. Cutie took the twins across the house, far from the other rooms, and she opened large double doors at the top of a short set of stairs.

"This is the Royal suite. My Mistress Quarters are across the hall. You two will stay here in my son's room. Go in and make yourselves comfortable. Isaac, my son, should be here later today," Cutie said as she closed the door to the hall.

She crossed the room with Samantha and Sabrina to where Kaston would not hear them.

"Girls, I really need you to perform tonight," Cutie whispered.

"This outfit is really skimpy, your grace. Is it really necessary?" Samantha asked. Sabrina pinched her sister and scowled at her.

"Really? You know I stocked the drawers and closet with clothing tailored for you both!" Cutie said, and the twins tore through the drawers to find something to wear.

"Alright, you two, my son arrives tonight. I really need you both to perform. He told me he had something important to tell me, and I worry he will tell me he is leaving the island for good! My brother did that, and my uncle did that before him! What if my son plans to leave. You know how the men on Morphu get! Sometimes this place makes them crazy! The last we spoke, years ago, he told me he hated the island lifestyle. He hated how he could never meet anyone without them knowing he is the prince," Cutie spoke quickly and anxiously until Samantha and Sabrina attempted to console her.

Samantha brought Cutie to the bed to sit, and the twins wrapped their arms around their queen.

"Thank you, I just get so worried about him. He is twenty. I had him when I was a bit younger. How time flies. Anyway. He said he was bringing a friend when he called me this morning from the airport. He refused to let allow me to fly him home. Something is up! Be ready. I have put his friend in the next room, the Royal guest room!"

Cutie stood and wiped her eyes, flashing a smile at Samantha and Sabrina, and she exited the room into the hall.

Half a second later, Queen Cutie popped her head back into the room and waved her gold wand.

"Almost forgot!" Cutie said as her hand waved the wand. After her hand gestured, Samantha and Sabrina felt a faint pinch from the pink and purple strap, and they both felt a sudden rushing arousal sweep over their body like goosebumps.

In a flash, they both dropped to the floor and touched themselves in a seemingly mindless reaction. Samantha felt her pussy wet and dripping, and Sabrina massaged herself with both hands while she lied on her back with her legs spread apart.

"Tee hee!" Cutie giggled and shut the door.

________________

Samantha and Sabrina continued to search their provisions, and they found nothing but excessively skimpy garments. It mostly comprised of thongs, g-strings, string bikinis, suspender bikinis, pasties, tiny panties, and the occasion catsuit in fishnet, as well as a wide variety of stockings and long socks in various fabrics and styles. Nothing appeared to completely cover the body. 

Samantha found a scant thong and a crop top that almost covered her large D-cup breasts. She really enjoyed the shirt as it fell right over her nipples, and she liked the feeling of the hem teasing at her sensitive areole.

They had shapely figures, almost too slender to call themselves hourglass. They both had flat stomachs, slender waists and perky d-cup breasts capped with pink areole and thick nipples. Sabrina had always loved getting naked in public, and she enjoyed walking from her house to the beach without ever covering herself. Samantha had always hesitated when given the opportunity to go nude. Now she had no excuse.

The twins spent the early afternoon sorting through the clothing provided and trying on various garments.

Eventually, the twins both made their way to the bed where they fell asleep in each other's arms for a long nap.

_________

The twins awoke abruptly to the sound of someone in the hall approaching, and the door flew open. Kaston entered the room.

"Queen Cutie desires your presence for supper in the main hall in one hour. She requests you wear a chosen outfit!" Kaston held out a small box, and Samantha took the box and opened it.

The twins found pasties and two g-strings with matching striped stockings that extended to mid thigh. Samantha and Sabrina gave each other a nervous look, and they kissed to try to ease the tension.

"I cannot believe we signed up for security detail for the queen!" Sabrina muttered to her sister as they kissed and hugged. "I am so horny right now, I can hardly stand it. Do you think the prince will let me suck his dick?"

"I am sure he would not object, Sabrina," Samantha said with a sigh and the shake of her head. They parted and started to dress themselves. Samantha pulled off her panties and pulled on the tiny g-string.

"Really? I have not seen him in years. What do you think he is like now?" Sabrina asked as she stuck two tiny pasties over her pink nipples. The feel of the adhesive lace made her nipples harden like diamonds. She bit her bottom lip and tried not to touch herself.

"Sabrina, let's go to dinner," Samantha said extending her hand to her sister. Sabrina smiled and grabbed onto her sister, and they walked across the house to the main hall for dinner.

Along the way, they passed a mirror and stopped to examine themselves.

"Ha, look at this g-string! It does not even completely cover my pussy! It leaves my cleft totally visible, good thing I do not have any more pubic hair than my cute little strip!" Sabrina said as her hands explored her exposed flesh, and she gave her tiny, trimmed patch of blond pubic hair a scratch with her nails.

Samantha looked at her sister with a lustful gaze. She and Sabrina had shared a date or a dance with one man before, and they had even helped each other masturbate from time to time. Today, they realized as they looked at themselves in the mirror and together, that they would have to please a man, the prince. The feeling of an exciting and anxious dread crept into Samantha's stomach, while a nervous and fluttering arousal filled Sabrina. Sabrina kept playing with her g-string, pulling it down then wedging it into her ass and labia. 

"I really like the feel of this g-string! I love how it feels on my asshole!" Sabrina said in a breathy voice.

"Sabrina! We really should try to concentrate on our task at hand! We are security detail!" Samantha whispered.

"Yes, but we are concubines! Remember?" Sabrina whispered back. "You pay attention to security, I will make sure our cover is not blown!"

"By blowing the prince, huh?"

Sabrina scowled at her sister and spoke, "And would that be so wrong for me to enjoy sucking a dick every so often?"

The two bickered for a few moments before composing themselves and finding the main hall for dinner.

______________

In the entry hall, Cutie greeted her son, Isaac, who she had not seen in years as he entered the house.

"My handsome son, hello, Prince Isaac!" Cutie said and kissed her son on the lips, and he kissed her back. "You seem different. What happened?"

"Mother! Come on, please meet my anthropology teacher, Dr Depahtrat!"

"Call me Daphne! Daphne Deepthroat!" The dark haired woman said. She had a slender body and wore frumpy clothing, and she had bronze dark skin. She looked of southern asian descent as though from India. 

"Your son told me about your kingdom," Daphne continued. "I almost did not believe him, so we made a funny little bet! Is it really true your culture allows full nudity anywhere?"

"Yes, nudity is always permitted," Cutie responded.

Kaston stood behind Daphne and attempted to take her luggage.

"My man Kaston must take your luggage. We have strict security measures currently, and we must take your luggage. We will return it to you soon, do not worry," Cutie said. "We also need to check your clothes as well."

"So should I just remove them entirely then, since that is acceptable?" Daphne offered.

"If you are brave enough," Cutie stated.

Daphne grabbed the bottom of her sweater and removed the turtleneck sweater to reveal a well hidden, massive rack in a tight blouse that she quickly stripped. She removed her skirt and slipped off her panties, unclasped her lace bra, and she was naked. She had red bronze skin without any blemishes. She had a very slender body with huge, pointy tits capped with maroon red nipples. She had narrow hips and an even more narrow waist with a tight, flat stomach that made her pointy tits appear even bigger. Daphne kneaded her nipples, and they grew hard and turgid in her fingers.

Isaac gasped and stared.

"Holy shit! Dr Deepthroat, you look amazing!" Isaac said.

"Are you sure this is fine? Why are you staring?" Daphne said and gave her big tits a gentle squeeze.

"Kaston, bring the girls to dinner," Cutie said as she slipped her cute hands around the narrow waist of Daphne and led her to the dining hall. "You must tell me more about yourself! However did my son get so lucky to have a teacher like you?"

"Isaac, you were right, again," Daphne called back to Isaac.

"Right about what, Daphne?" Cutie asked as they walked.

"Oh we had a silly bet since I did not believe him about Morphu."

"Concerning?" The Queen pressed in her questions.

"I did not believe him concerning the public nudity, and I told him I would get naked if he was right. He described you, and I did not believe him," Daphne said.

"What was the wager on me?" Cutie asked.

"It was a joke, but I said I would lick your pussy if you were so hot!" Daphne said and blushed, covering her face with her hands.

"My dear, I would relish that!" Cutie said, stopping and holding Daphne.

"Really! Oh my gosh!" 

_______

"Is my sister, Yvette, home?" Isaac asked as they entered the dining hall. He sat and watched the parade of nearly naked concubines strut into the dining room, and Sabrina and Samantha sat next to him. Cutie seated herself at the head of the table as usual, and she had Daphne sit next to her.

"Your sister... your troublesome sister is somewhere around here. Last I saw of her was... last week? Bah! Let us eat and enjoy our meal! Eat well! Eat well!" Cutie said loudly across the long table and held her crystal glass to toast everyone at the table.

"So tell me, Daphne, you teach anthropology?" Cutie asked.

"Yes, I like exotic and uh, hidden cultures that do not conform with typical societal norms," Daphne said. "I am also an avid nudist. This place sounded like a dream!"

Across the table, Sabrina did her best to keep her hands on Isaac, touching his knee and the inside of his thigh. 

"Your majesty, do you think we hang out together sometime?" Sabrina spoke softly into his ear.

"I think I could squeeze you into my schedule," Isaac responded trying to catch his breath.

"Oh, your majesty, I think it is me who will have to squeeze you in. At least, I hope you will fit, and if not, you can just shove yourself in anyway," Sabrina said, giving his shaft a squeeze through his pants.
