 In the shallow Underdark lies a small city that enjoys frequent trade with the free nations above and the oppressed nations of below. This small city is called Mattabaranzen and it is governed by dark elves. 

In dark elf society, only the females can rule. They run the government, the temples, and all bureaucratic functions of the city. The general make-up of the city is the dark elves. But you can see orcs, goblins, mind flayers, and gray dwarves. Even Aberrations of the Underdark reside within. You also see surface dwellers being held as slaves. 

Like most elven cultures this city places a high value on education, ecclesiastic traditions, and artistic endeavors. You can find trade organizations which offer apprenticeships, there are monasteries that take in disciples, but the true students who will someday be masters all go to schools of various arts. There are 2 bardic institutions in the city, one focuses on poetry dance and entertainment type of arts, the other focuses on sculpture painting and various created forms of art.

One of the most famous schools in the known world is institute of Stoccata. Here students select a tantric subject an attempt to master it. The dropout rate is high, but the degree is prestigious and recognized throughout the world. It is here that the world-famous dominatrix known as Mistress Sopara teaches the art of dominance and submission.

During the enrollment. The dominatrix reviews all candidates personally. On one such occasion a young dark elf man name Solvis came to her with a letter of recommendation from the most prestigious house of Duerden. With such a letter admission was guaranteed. However, as the dominatrix reviewed the letter and interviewed the candidate, she discovered that he was there to learn the art of dominance. It was unheard of for a male in this society to learn the art of dominance. His gender would make him more suited as a submissive candidate.

So, the dominatrix asked, "are you really here to learn the art of domination?"

Solvis answered it is my Mistress's will that I learn this art as she likes to watch others dominate her slaves

The dominatrix said what she seeks is dangerous. Perhaps I can sway her to reconsider?

Solvis said I do not think that she will change her mind she is a very strong-willed Mistress.

Very well then, I'll tell you a story. After you have heard the tale you may take it back to your Mistress. And recite it to her. Upon hearing the tale if she still chooses for you to learn the exquisite art of domination then I will instruct you.

There was once a dark elf woman named Sienna. She had skin black as coal. Really, it was quite lovely. She stood 5' tall. A little on the tall side for an elf. She had long crimson red hair (very ugly by Drow standards) and bright Emerald Green eyes. Her hands were long and slender, and breast were sharply pointed. Her smile was devilishly charming. And she could not hide the intelligence that showed in her eyes. 

Her family considered her a slacker. That's because they didn't know that she led a secret life. She was really a back-alley cutthroat. Truly, she was a bit of a mafioso. She was in line for taking over the local Guild of scoundrels in the city. In one of her back-room dealings while she was laundering stolen goods, she came across a human male. He was the unfortunate victim of an overwhelming caravan raid. Misfortune made a slave of the survivors, including him.

Sienna quickly determined she could use a slave such as this one, so she cheated at a game of chance and won him.

She led him home with a dagger pointed at his lower back. He was bound by rope and blindfolded and gave no resistance. She directed him to the security of her apartment where she unhooded him and asked him his name in the common tongue.

He said my name is Marius and I speak many languages. I even speak yours If it makes you more comfortable.

He stood 6 feet tall rather average by human terms. However, he was heavily muscled and not an ounce of fat on him. He had long black hair and a well-groomed goatee. Dark green eyes and a piercing stare. He was handsome and a little frightening because of his fearless gaze. But Sienna made it a point not to notice.

She informed him that all the he'd known is lost. That all he would ever know from this point on is that of slavery.

His answer was casual. He just said, "or what you'll kill me?"

"That's right!" she said. "You will die if you ever cease to be my slave. Only in death could you ever be free of me."

"Why not just stab me now and get it over" he said?

Because I have uses for you. If you please me, I will reward you well. However, if you cause me any displeasure your punishment will be severe.

"Very well Mistress, command me." And as he was saying the word "command" he flexed his arm muscles and broke the bounds that had his wrist tied.

"Excellent!" she said, not revealing her fear. "I like my man slaves strong. Now take off your clothes and let me see if I got my money's worth?"

Marius only wore a tattered shirt and a pair of pants. His boots had been stolen from him when he was unconscious.

He untied his waist knot and let his pants fall to the floor. His penis looked as strong as the rest of him and rather large especially by Elven standards. Sienna didn't think it would fit in her, but she was definitely going to try. She wondered if she could even get it in her mouth. "You have a good strong looking cock, are you any good with it?" 

And Marius replied, "I'm good with all weapons."

"Really now," she said, "and how about that tongue, are you any good with it?"

"I'm a man of action, I'd rather lick with it than speak. Spread your legs, I'll show you how good I am with it." He said with confidence

She pulled down her panties and hiked up her mithral chain skirt. "What are you waiting for slave? Get on your knees."

He dropped to his knees in front of her. He was still too tall to be in position to serve his Mistress in this way. He grabbed her ass and lifted her off her feet. Panicked she grabbed his hair ready to fight. But he gently spread her cheeks and lowered her lips onto his. He was so strong! He supported her weight while his tongue dashed inside her pussy. Even his tongue seemed large. Fear vanished and her juices flowed. It all happened so quickly, perhaps because of this position, she began to cum. It was just a minor orgasm but then he increased the pressure of his licking and sucking. Her orgasm grew in intensity and then as she quivered on his face, he moved his tongue to her ass. As he rimmed and probed her, his nose stimulated her clit 

She was beginning to cum again. His NOSE, his tongue, my asshole, this is ridiculous she thought. I must put an end to this. Its already gone too far. But she couldn't stop grinding into his face. Then she exploded with his face between her thighs. She never came like that before. His strong arms lifted her back to her feet. She wobbled a bit and said to him, "I certainly got my money's worth on you."

She told Marius that he may sleep on the mat in the corner of her room. He thanked her for his "more than adequate bed" and laid down. Sienna sat on her very large and luxurious canopy bed and attempted to reach reveley (what the elves call meditation, similar to sleep). It took Marius about 7 seconds to fall into a deep sleep. With his audible breathing she wasn't going to find reveley, so she started to really look him over.

His skin was dark by human standards. As noted, when she had him strip, he was very muscular but not in the body builder sort of way. His muscles were very well defined, like he was chiseled by a master elven artist. Quite perfect she thought. One unusual feature stood out under her scrutiny, scars. Sienna's new toy was covered in scars all over. Some looked superficial but others looked lethal. He had what appeared to be an ax wound scar over his chest. Another was several round blemishes in a row that went from his hip to his neck. As she was looking at it, he rolled over onto his side and she could see an identical set of "puncture hole" scars on his back. What could've caused such a strange set of scars she thought. And if they are actual wound blemishes, how did he survive? She determined it must be some sort of human ritualistic practice. 

Morning came and Marius awoke with vigor and "wood". Sienna noticed his strong cock standing at attention and decided to not pass on a good thing. She ordered him to make her cum thinking he would use that marvelous cock. Marius approached her sitting on the edge of the bed. He pushed her back and lifted her knees and spread them apart. Placing one hand on her "runway" and with the other hand he inserted two fingers in her wet pussy. It didn't take long to comply with his mistress' command. Suddenly She came, rather quickly and surprisingly hard.

Once again, he surprised her. She would've punished him for not knowing what she wanted (fully knowing how unfair that would be) but every time he touched her, she came. And came unusually hard. She was getting more than she asked for with this slave, yet he seemed to be pleasing her effortlessly. 

When she decided to "appropriate" this slave it was just so she can have a brutish looking bodyguard. Of course, she didn't need protection, it was just for show. And why not make use of a man for what little he's good for. But this human is not what she thought he would be and that made her suspicious. He hasn't even tried to please himself and it was obvious he was aroused.

He put his two fingers in his mouth and licked them clean. No elf would ever be so nasty. She was disgusted and attracted all at once. Marius asked her "what would you like for breakfast?" 

Have what you can find in the pantry she replied. I'll be out most of the day so clean the place up while I'm gone. He looked through the well-stocked pantry and decided it all looked like shit. he settled on unleavened bread and some red colored cheese. He was starting to think being an Underdark slave was going to difficult, at least eating would be. When he went back into the bed chamber she was gone. Strange he thought, I didn't hear her leave. I'm beginning to think my little sweet elven tart may have real skills after all. 

The apartment was utilitarian. There were no personal effects, knick knacks, or luxury items. Except her bed, it was expensive and very luxurious. Marius searched the entire flat as "cleaned up". In her wardrobe he found four outfits and an empty space for a fifth. Two were adventurers' clothes, then what looked like priestess regalia, and the last was high quality nobility attire. He did diligent search of all four rooms. In the lounge, kitchen, and bathroom he found nothing but while he made her bed, he found a secret compartment in the headboard. He thought it was probably trapped but decided to open it anyways. Sure, enough a needle pricked his finger and down he went.

When he awoke, he was still alone. That's good he said to himself. He looked in the cubby and found two wands and a potion. Closing the door, he reset the needle trap, (three times before he got it right). He fixed the messy bed and Fluffed the pillows and noticed a sparkle of fine wire woven into a pillowcase. Upon close inspection it was a razor wire garrote. 

How clever my dark little angle is, maybe she's going to use that on me? I don't know her well enough to know if I'm valuable or worthless in her view. Time will tell. I can usually read people quick, but this dark beauty has layers. She projects Drow priestess, but I think she may be a rouge. Perhaps she's an adventurer, but that's unlikely. Adventurers don't usually own apartments. Yes, time will tell. And time is always on my side...