 For the next few hours Sienna went about doing mundane labors of life. She went to a dry good shop, a groceries store, and a cobbler to fit Marius with some good shoes. At each establishment she introduced Marius as her bodyguard and told the proprietor's that he had buying authority for her. Most did what whatever she wanted but the dry goods owner made her sign a tab agreement. All of this was done loudly and very conspicuously. 

It was obvious to Marius this was part some greater scheme she was executing. But he found all this so BORING. The only thing that made it bearable was that Marius was out and on his own mission. He was looking intently at ever bladed weapon he could see. This didn't go unnoticed to Sienna but for the moment she ignored it.

At the end of their shopping spree they went into a jewelry shop. The shopkeeper, an old deep Gnome, was helping another Drow female with a bracelet fitting. Sienna tensed at the sight of the woman who didn't even to turn to see who entered the shop. "Hello Priestess." Sienna said cheerfully.

"That's High-Priestess pro temp. You must address me properly Sienna." She said as she turned around. The smile on her face faded when she saw Marius. She was a very attractive middle-aged woman. She had long white hair, sharp elven features, and dark green eyes. And she was what the elves considered "ideal" in body form, big pointy breast, a skinny waist, and nice rounded hips. "What is this," pointing at Marius, "a new vulgar toy on parade to disgrace your family?"

"He's my new bodyguard, Priestess. Quite a striking figure, isn't he?" She said almost defiantly.

"Your Grandmother will never approve. You're wasting your time on him. He'll never be allowed to carry a weapon. What good is an unarmed bodyguard? Really Sienna, must you be so frivolous?"

"I like him" Sienna said with a smile.

"Bring him to the feast tonight so your Grandmother can officially reject this specimen." The Priestess said with contempt.

"I intend to bring him. I'll need to be protected wearing my new bracelet. Speaking of which, let me see it?" Sienna said to the jeweler.

He pulled out from below the counter the most stunning work of woven gold and silver in the shape of a spider. The body formed the top of the bracelet and the legs wrapped around the wrist to hold the piece in place. Seven small chocolate diamonds were used for eyes. "It's my finest creation to date" the jeweler said brimming.

Immediately the priestess took off the bracelet she was wearing and tossed it on the counter. "Perhaps a ring" she said to the Gnome. I'll will be expecting something more than the bracelet you tried to sell me. Are we clear? I want your finest."

"I'll see you at the feast, Acolyte." She said to Sienna as she left the store.

Sienna looked at Marius and said, "Looks like I have carte blanc to bring you to the feast." 

"Who was that?" Marius said in hushed common.

Sienna quickly slapped him across the face and said "Never initiate conversation, speak only when you have liberty to do so. Do you understand?"

"Yes Domina" and he cast his eyes to the floor.

The old Gnome chuckled at the public humiliation of Sienna's slave. He said to her "You are my favorite client, always a pleasure."

Sienna and Marius left the shop and made their way to a sea food restaurant. She ordered shrimp cocktail for herself and a large dinner plate for her bodyguard. As they ate, she told him he would not be partaking in the feast so he should eat his fill here. With that Marius ordered more fish. 

After dinner they went to the Feast Hall of the Temple of Lolth. The hall touted 100 tables that sat 8 each. The center piece for each table was a ceramic spider statue in the likeness of a black widow. The tablecloth appeared as a web coming from the center piece. It had stage area with a podium up in front and a band played softly behind it. The kitchen was in a connecting adjacent room and the food actually smelled good. At the front near the entrance were restroom for Women and at the far left there were restrooms for men.

The Maître d, a small Drow man, smiled at Sienna and guided her to the table with Marius an arm's length away. He went to pull out her chair and Marius moved in quickly and intercepted the duty. The Maître d smiled at Sienna and sneered at her slave as he took leave. At the table sat six others, all Drow. Three were female and the other three were their "guest".

The woman seated to Sienna's right was somewhat pretty of face, but her body was too thin and flat to be very attractive. She said hello to Sienna as if they knew each other and complimented her on how exotic her sex slave was. But Sienna corrected her quickly by identifying her human as more than a pleasure slave, he was her new bodyguard. The woman's escort paid no attention to the exchange.

The woman to Sienna's left was old, even by elf standards. She greeted Sienna by name and in the course of social small talk Sienna called her Aunt Drussistan. Auntie's escort was obliviously younger than her and at some point, she introduced him to the table as her grandson Zantzin. And he paid more attention to the conversation than it was worth.

Across the table sat a very sexy woman who seemed pleased that the rest of the table generally ignored her. Her companion was very attentive to her and only her. A few minutes before the courses were to be served Sienna addressed her as Minatri and asked her how she liked "married" life. When the ice was broken towards her, she warmed up and thanked Sienna as the only relative that didn't disown her for the counterculture practice of marriage that she boldly embraced with Sanitzr, her husband. Just as she started bragging about her husband's vast wealth and holdings, another Drow woman passed by the table and interrupted by speaking with Sienna. This was a voluptuous woman that Marius couldn't help from looking her over, but he did so discreetly, and no one notice. She had green eyes and by now it was clear to Marius that was a strong family trait in Sienna's line.

She said, "I'm sorry 'Enna your mother had you placed at "this" table. I wanted you to sit next to me."

"It's fine 'Lissa. We "looser" like to stick together." Sienna said.

At this Barlissa said. "Hello Grandmother, cousins, baby brother, hope you enjoy the Feast of Eight Legs. I'll see you soon Sienna." And glanced at Marius while she said this.

As she left the table, Sienna gave a hushed laugh at Barlissa's pretentiousness and resumed the boring sort of conversation that Marius hated. As the third course of the eight-course meal was being served Sienna stood up and loudly said "My bracelet is missing." Just as abruptly she pointed at a wine server a few paces away and yelled "You stole my broach."

It was on. Marius quickly placed himself between his sub/Domina and the wine server. He thought to himself "No way her pocket was picked, my dark angel has a cruel streak. This poor wine server was the smallest elf in the room." He was the most harmless looking fellow too. And because Sienna chose him, Marius was about to tear his arm off.

Just as the entire hall was focused on this table, Zantzin yelled out "Look at the bulge in his pocket, I'll bet that's the bracelet?" The waiter put his hand in his pocket and pulled out the jewelry Sienna bought this afternoon. The look on his face wasn't one of surprise, but anger. With lightning reflexes, he flung the spider bracelet at Zantzin catching him in the throat and spraying blood in a ten-foot half circle covering Minatri and Sanitzr.

The wiry little elf was faster than Marius thought possible and got the initiative on him. He snapped forward and buried a dagger hilt deep into Marius' rib cage. This allow Marius to get a lock hold on his arm. A quick pivot and the elf was off his feet, but trying to recover. Then Marius brought his knee up to connect with the elf's nut sack. Feeling momentarily stunned the elf's muscles slacked for a second, Marius used a whip-like motion and broke his arm with a crack that reverberated throughout the hall.

The little elf surprising slipped out of the arm hold and tumbled to table thirty feet away. Marius knew he must be hasted to tumble so far. It was also clear this guy was an assassin of some notoriety. Even now at the other table he was studying the body language of those nearby so he could use his deadly assassination skills. Marius wanted to go after him but couldn't leave Sienna unprotected. The elf then produced another dagger from a sleeve sling and stabbed a woman in the face killing her instantly. It was the woman they had encountered in the jewelry shop earlier today.

All of this took place in less than ten seconds. A quick look around the hall and Marius could see most of the women were busy casting spells. He could feel his wound healing and turned to notice Sienna had a wand out and was casting cure serious wounds. Even Aunt Drussistan was casting a spell, but her magic differs from the rest. She was using spell components and arcane utterances producing an Orb of Force which she threw at the assassin hitting him square in the chest. By this time the priestesses in the hall had spells readied as noted by the glowing darkness around their hands. An old Drow woman reached for the fallen High priestess Pro Temp and miraculously brought her back, at least she was breathing again.

That little fucking elf got the drop on the entire room again. Marius couldn't believe how fast he was. His right arm dangled like a dead eel and you could visible see the indentation in his groin. And before anyone could stop him, he raised up on his toes and clicked his heals. In a soft "BAMF" he was gone. "Damn it" thought Marius, "Boots of Teleportation." 

Within a minute the hall went from the chaos caused by the assassin to a different kind of chaos in the aftermath. Armed temple guards were now present and five were assigned to hold Marius at bay. The old Drow woman who cast the "Revify" spell on the High Priestess pro temp was clearly in charge and barking orders. The hall was cleared, and the staff was sequestered. The only ones left were temple guards and Sienna's family (with their retainers). 

The High Priestess came over to Sienna, Drussistan, and Zantzin's body. She addressed her sister Drussistan, "My condolences on the loss of your grandson."

"You could petition the Queen of Spiders to return him to us?" replied Drussistan.

"Perhaps tomorrow, but you shouldn't get your hopes up, our Goddess rarely returns life to the fallen. Even more rare for a male." said the High Priestess to a look of contempt on her sister's face.

Next she addressed Sienna. "Who gave you permission to bring this human specimen to the feast?"

"My mother." Sienna said quickly.

"Well, that maybe the most intelligent decision she's made today. Your slave proved to be one of the three people who were competent this evening. You get points for having your shit together enough to bring him." She practically lectured to Sienna.

"I'm putting General Ristyr in charge of investigating this incident. I expect full cooperation from all of you in determining who the target was and who issued the contract. You are all dismissed." The High Priestess made eye contact with everyone present as she spoke.

Sienna and Marius observed the protocol for being in public and did not speak to one another as they walked back to the apartment. Sienna's thoughts were so unlikely. She wanted to have sex with Marius but not for self-gratification. She wanted to please and pleasure him. In over 200 years she's had plenty of sex, but she's never considered her partners desires above her own. Sure, she's brought her "A" game into the bedroom before but even then, that was more of a display of sexual prose. Tonight, was different. At first, she thought this feeling of needing to please him was more like "rewarding" him for being such a bad ass tonight. But in her core, she knows better. No slave gets rewarded for doing their duty. No, she was going to fuck his brains out because it was something she wanted to do.

Marius was thinking about other things on the way home. He was vigilant to protect his sexy little devil, so he was on edge. At any moment he expected a sneak attack from the shadows. He also wondered if this whole ordeal was something she planned or was it coincidence? If it was happenstance then she cruelly called out a waiter to his death. If it was planned, then she underestimated the assassin. It's a good thing she underestimated me, or she probably wouldn't be walking home now.

When they got to the apartment Sienna sat Marius on the edge of her bed. He started to say, "Tell me what..." but she held a finger to his lips and whispered, "I don't want to talk right now, I just want to please you." And she dropped to her knees and started to reach for the clasp of his pants.

"If you really want to please me then stop and take direction." She let go of his pants and looked up at him curiously. "Now stand." he said.

Sienna rose to feet and looked him in the eyes. "Stare at the floor unless I tell you otherwise" he commanded, and she complied. "Now strip for me."

Sienna sort of froze staring at the floor. Then she slid her legs, so they were a shoulder's length apart. Her hips swayed to the right and then to the left. Then her torso rolled gently forward in a watery flowing motion. Her hands now moved with the with her palms caressing her body slowing to squeeze her breast. Then her fingers found the slits in her belt and pulled out the wands. Slowly her hand went to the back of her head and tied her hair up in a loose bun using the wands to hold it in place. She suddenly froze in a pose that made her body resemble an X leaving her tits held high and chin out as if begging for inspection.

Her hands flowed down to her top button of her blouse while her body began to twist and sway. With her left hand she flicked the clasp and with her right she pulled on the opening. In perfect synchronicity her hips rolled with the tiny flash of her tits. This proceeded agonizingly slow for Marius, he really wanted to feast on those titties. When she got to the last button, she left it clasped. Her hands stroked down toward her pussy. Changing the hip motion from side to side, to forward and back, she started rubbing. Then she slightly bent at the knees sort of squatting and massaged her pussy lips. The body motion was more up and down kinda like a gentle twerking but it tightened her silk slacks so Marius could see her pulling up to expose her clit and rub it in a circular motion. Sienna lips tightened and released, and her tongue licked them to new gloss as her fuck face clearly shone.

She straightened up and with her right leg she circles kicked toward Marius' right side and softly planted her foot square on his crotch. She looked him in the eye just for a second and averted her eyes just as she pressed her foot on his big hard cock. Bending her knee deeply so she can push on the throbbing member between his legs, pulling her close to him. Marius grabbed her back and put his face to her breast and bit her left tit. This was an actual bite and FUCK did it hurt. Sienna thought her boob might be bleeding. But then, he sucked and licked the spot he had bitten, and pain turned to pleasure. Surprisingly, extreme pleasure.

Sienna pushed on Marius' crotch and slid the length of her leg away from him. Truly she was trying to run from the pain in her tit. With the distance created she resumed stripping by sliding her hands down to the bottom button and releasing her blouse to the floor.

It was just then that Marius stood up. The look on his face resembled the look a lion has just before pouncing on its prey. Anyone seeing this look should be afraid. He cast an aura of intimidation, masculine confidence, and produced a feeling of cold fear. He untied his waist knot dropping the loose-fitting slacks and stepped out of them. He stood wearing his boots and a shirt, nothing more. His legs had rippling muscles that were in the spotlight considering the rest of him was clothed. His firm cock and balls looked large compared to his stature. He noticed that Sienna was looking at him and not at the floor. He commanded her attention when he said "Get on your knees and suck my cock.

Sienna's mind told her to be afraid, but her heart had no fear of this man. She knew deep in her soul that he would never harm her. She dropped to her knees once again closing the distance between them. Even though she was much shorter than him, her face seemed to line up well with manhood while on her knees. With her right hand she grabbed the base of his cock and engulfed the head with her mouth. She had rarely been a cocksucker before, so it felt strange to her. But she liked it! There was something exotic about being the active partner in a sex act and being totally submissive at the same time. With her hand she stroked and twisted and with her mouth she pushed down twisted in the opposite direction of her hand. She tried to go all the way into her throat, but her gag reflex just wouldn't allow it. She let her mouth salivate all over his cock so her hand can get some lube and then pumped him hard with hand and mouth in unison.

Marius let out a deep growl and pulled her face away from him. Sienna's mouth was still open a little and about an inch from his head. She looked up and locked eyes with him as a shot of cum hit her mouth. She totally flinched like it scared her or was going to hurt her. The second shot hit her chin and stretched a string of cum back to his opening. It broke off and then made a string from her chin to her left nipple (on the tit he bit).

Much to Sienna's surprise his cock didn't go flaccid. It wasn't as rock hard as it had been, but it was differently still erect. In her roughly two hundred years as a Domme she had punished several subs for their lack sexual endurance and before her is a man that can cum and still fuck. She hoped he planned on penetrating her some more, much more!

Marius told her to clean his cum draped member and Sienna went to grab it. But before she could he slapped her hand and said "No, with your mouth." She licked it shiny clean, and even squeezed from the base up to clean it inside out. Then Marius said "Good girl, now clean all that cum around lips and chin but leave that little bit on your titty. I find the white cum strip on your coal colored breast very sexy." She licked her lips and even made an "uummm" sound which made Marius grin a little. She had trouble getting her tongue down to the bottom of her chin, so Marius wiped it with his finger for her. Then she sucked his finger like it was his cock and it came out shiny and clean.

By now Sienna realized just how sore her knees were. Marius command "Go to the kitchen and get me something to eat. And be quick about it, I want to fuck you after you've served me."

Sienna returned with a plate of what looked like a dry peach slices and sharp cheese. When she approached, she lowered her gaze, proceeded slowly, and dropped to a knee as she handed the plate forward. Marius accepted the platter and gave her permission to recline and lay her head on his lap. He tried the cheese and much to his surprise it was pretty good. It was red in color but tasted much like regular sharp cheddar. Next he took a slice of the brownish dry fruit. It was really good. The texture was weird, but it was subtly sweet kinda like a pear. He asked her if this fruit grew in the Underdark and she replied, "It's not fruit, it's a mushroom from deep in the earth." Marius was starting to really like it here, but that had more to do with Sienna than anything else.

Marius sat the plate down and stood quickly. Sienna kept her cheek on his thigh and grabbed his leg with both arms. He motioned for her to stand and she reluctantly did so. He took a step closer into her and when his cock touched her, he grabbed her arms and pinned her against the wall. He then thrust into her already wet pussy. Against the hard wall he grinded into her slowly and reached up to grab a fist full of her long red hair. She felt confined with no place to move and had a moment panic crept up on her. These feelings only added intensity to her growing climax. He sped up his rhythm and added power to his thrusting. Within moments Sienna was ready and came hard but Marius didn't stop.
