 Evelyn took a drag from her cigarette. She stared at the blank paper in front of her. The black, metal typewriter squatted on her desk, glaring back at her. The hot smoke exited her red lips in a huff. Usually, Evelyn had no trouble pounding out the gumshoe novels that paid the bills. Tonight was different.

Tonight, all Evelyn could think about was Frank. She hadn't received a letter for a couple of weeks, and the last one had been vague. He hadn't been able to tell her where he was going next, or how long he was going to be there. The pages had been muddy and his handwriting hurried. "With my undying love," he had signed it.

Evelyn replaced her cigarette with a tumbler of gin. The clear liquid burned her throat and made her head spin a bit. Evelyn had taken up the mantle of breadwinner when Frank left for France. Writing under his name, she had kept his publisher happy with a steady supply of pulp fiction. She was pleased to find that they didn't care who wrote the book, so long as it sold.

Evelyn set the glass down with a determined thunk. The keys made the familiar clack, clack as she typed out the first sentence. The hard-boiled detective her husband had invented went about his business of solving cases and getting the girl. Filling in the blanks of the formulaic novel didn't take much of Evelyn's concentration, and she soon found her thoughts drifting back to Frank.

They had met at a college dance. Evelyn smiled as she remembered his two left feet; her toes hadn't taken a beating like that since junior high. She hadn't thought much of him at first, and had agreed to a date just to get rid of him. But, by their third time out together, she was hooked. It was his voice that did her in. Smooth as silk, it caressed her name and made her insides melt like chocolate candy on an August afternoon.

The feel of a tear on Evelyn's cheek brought her back to the present. Her hands rested on the keys, unmoving. She took a bracing breath and wiped the tear away. She couldn't give in to her fears; she had to be brave. Crying wouldn't bring Frank back any sooner, and it sure wouldn't put food on the table. What she received from Uncle Sam for Frank's service only stretched so far. Evelyn kicked off her pumps, squared her shoulders, and turned back to the waiting typewriter.

Evelyn

Evelyn froze. The voice had been close. More importantly, it had been Frank's. Evelyn glanced at the tumbler, but no, she hadn't had that much to drink. Was she loosing her grip? Had her worry for her husband finally tipped her over the edge?

A cool breath of air raised shivers on the back of Evelyn's neck. She lifted her hand to the spot, half expecting to find Frank's. He always said that the nape of her neck was the first part of her he fell in love with. She couldn't count the number of times he had kissed the delicate skin there.

A gasp escaped her lips as she felt that kiss.

"Frank?" She whispered her husband's name, not sure if she wanted to hear a reply. Another kiss followed the first, this one closer to her collar bone. The weight of a pair of hands settled on her shoulders, rubbing the tension from them. She closed her eyes, and gave into the experience.

Cool fingers slipped under her collar and dipped around to the front of her neck. Goosebumps raced across her chest, up her throat, and down onto her breasts. Evelyn unfastened the first few buttons of her white blouse to give the fingers access to the exposed skin. A complement of kisses followed the line of her jaw.

It had been months since Evelyn had been touched as a woman. Memories of her last night together with Frank flooded her mind. He had tried so hard to make it special. The candle light had glowed romantically, and her new dress had fit her like a silk glove. Evelyn had pleaded with her husband to let her cook, but he wouldn't give in. In the end, she had loved every last bite of that horrendous vegetable casserole.

Evelyn would never forget the look on his face as they made love that night. The intensity of it was frightening. He had devoured her with his eyes, filling himself with her as if to sustain him through the coming time.

Evelyn

The voice came from the front of her this time. The hands had slid around her shoulders, and she felt the presence kneel between her chair and the desk. She opened her eyes, hoping to meet the deep, chocolate brown of her husband's. The empty air nearly broke her heart.

Evelyn felt the slide of fingertips over her collarbone, and looked down. Her shirt twitched, seemed to want to open more. She obliged, exposing the pointed cups of her bra. The nylon lace dimpled under the touch of invisible fingers, and the coolness of the caress caused her nipples to harden. She watched in amazement as the fabric of the bra gathered and rolled with the fondling. Her breath quickened and a flush of arousal crept up her throat. Wanting more, Evelyn shrugged her shirt off her shoulders. It hung at her waist, still tucked into her tweed skirt.

Fingertips grazed her ribs as the hands slid around to her back. The feel of starched cotton sleeves against her skin sent chills down her torso. She felt her bra clasp twitch, but remain intact. Impatient, Evelyn reached back to assist. A band of cold air encircled her, and her fingers fumbled as they released the hooks. Her bra landed on the floor with a soft thud and the invisible arms tightened their embrace.

Evelyn shivered as first one breast, then the other, was treated to a series of wet, cool kisses. She gasped at the scrape of teeth on an erect nipple, and arched her back in encouragement. One hand lifted a breast in compliance, and took the entire aerola in the strangely chilled mouth. The force of the suction was intense, and Evelyn moaned as she laid her head on the back of the chair and closed her eyes.

The feel of a hand on Evelyn's knees caught her attention. She eased her legs open, giving the hand access to her warm inner thighs. Fingers reached the top of her stockings, paused to dip under her black garter straps. Knowing what he wanted, Evelyn ran her hands under the skirt to release the latches. One at a time, the metal clasps popped open. As they let go, the tension on her thigh-highs relaxed. The silk sheaths slipped down, but stopped before they reached her trembling knees. Silk undies were an outrageous expense, but Evelyn refused to give them up. She still had a few treasured pairs, and wore them whenever she needed to feel pampered.

The hand on her thigh reached higher and found the smooth strip of black covering Evelyn's center. A knuckle circled the little nub just below her mound, echoing the movement of the tongue on her breast. Evelyn's hands grasped the arms of the swivel chair and slid her hips to the edge of the seat. The knuckle slipped down, grazing her labial lips through the thin fabric. Desire ripped through Evelyn, releasing a gasp from her open mouth. Her fingernails dug into the leather padding of the chair.

The cool hand unfurled and palmed her hot pussy through the panties. It dipped the middle digit down past her clit, to the very place that had been neglected since her husband had answered the Army's call. The finger rhythmically teased her, pressing the silk further into her wetness with each thrust. The heel of the hand massaged her erect nub, sending goose bumps across Evelyn's body. Waves of pleasure washed over her and the tendrils of an orgasm began to grow deep in her belly. At Evelyn's raspy groan, the fingers withdrew and her breasts were abandoned. Frustration furrowed Evelyn's brow and pouted her lips.

The force of the unexpected kiss stole her breath. A familiar mouth crushed hers. A strong hand held her head and another gripped her thigh. Evelyn jumped as a set of hips slammed against the apex of her open legs. Desperate for the touch, she hiked her skirt to her waist and ground herself against the erection. A belt buckle dug into her belly. A tie clip scraped her chest.

Evelyn

It was a whispered plea. Dizzy with desire, Evelyn nodded her head in acquiescence. She heard the rustle as her lover shed tie and shirt. The sound of trousers unfastening shocked Evelyn into action. One of her stockings tangled in her panties as she slid them off. A quick yank and they both hit the floor. The musk of her arousal wafted around her and she felt the touch of air on her exposed cunt.

The second kiss was softer. Cool hands cupped her face and her lips parted under gentle insistence. A tongue met hers, swirling, exploring the cave of her mouth. Evelyn opened wide, extending her tongue past porcelain teeth. She stroked the roof of her lover's mouth and hummed a moan of need. It was like kissing snow.

Frosty hands slid down her neck, flowed across her pebbled nipples, followed the contours of her torso, and gripped her hips. Evelyn gasped as the tip of his erection met her slit. Her muscles tightened, afraid of the cold. The kiss paused and withdrew. Evelyn steadied her breath.

"It's alright. I was surprised is all. Don't stop." Evelyn rocked her hips forward, pressing the head of the cock to her opening. She barely registered the breathy moan in her ear. The shaft of ice sliding itself into her warmth captured her entire focus. 

Evelyn's body tensed, and she bit her lip to stop the chattering of her teeth. She needed to move, to generate heat. She rocked her hips back, and her lover continued the stroke. They matched each other's rhythm, and what started as a gentle pace soon grew in tempo. Gasping for breath, Evelyn rode the waves of shivers each thrust produced.

Evelyn's gasps transitioned into little squeals. Their high pitch played counterpoint to her lover's low moans. She felt the nip of teeth on her earlobe, and her pleased, "mmmmmm," encouraged the nibbling. A tongue flicked out to tease the skin just behind the shell of her ear. At that touch, Evelyn's shivers exploded. A cry ripped from her throat. Her body arched and her head rapped the back of the chair with the force of the orgasm. She saw stars, but didn't care. Icy arms held her tight as she bucked, and as she came down from her climax. She felt a wet cool on her cheeks. Not the cold of her ghostly lover, but of tears.

"Frank." Evelyn breathed her husband's name against her lover's lips. Their tongues twined together. Evelyn's juices soaked the skirt fabric beneath her, and she felt the slick of his sweat as the thrusts quickened. She mewed in protest as he tore his mouth from hers. She tried to reunite their lips, but he turned his face to bury it in her hair. His breath chilled Evelyn's neck with each pant. She gasped at the sting of nails in her back.

Evelyn!

Her lover shuddered and buried his cock hard. An icy storm erupted inside Evelyn's cunt. She felt the pump of his hips twice more, then a total release of tension. His grip loosened, and his arms fell from her waist. She felt him rumble with pleasure in the afterglow of his climax. After a brief pause, he lifted his head from her shoulder. Evelyn smiled at the cool kiss on her brow as his hands cupped her face one last time.

Thump, thump, thump.

Evelyn came awake with a start. She covered herself with her arms, then gasped in surprise. Her blouse was neatly buttoned; her skirt primly covered her knees.

Thump, thump.

Evelyn jumped at the second round of knocks. Gathering her composure, she slipped on her pumps and patted her hair. She couldn't image who it would be. She hadn't ordered anything lately, and if that was Mabel, she was an hour early for their girl's night out. Still shaking from what she could only explain as a dream, she opened the apartment door.

"Mrs. Francis Young?" Caught by surprise, Evelyn stared blankly at the uniformed messenger in the doorway. Her heart leapt to her throat. She couldn't breathe. She had dreaded this day, had prayed it would never come. Through her panic, she saw the man's face fill with resignation and pity. His was not a joyful job these days.

"Mrs. Young, I have a telegram for you." Evelyn heard a buzzing in her ears as she weakly took the offered envelope. Her vision blurred at the sight of the black apology typed on the white paper. Evelyn's body went numb as she read the impossible words. She didn't even feel the jar when her knees hit the floor. The messenger's alarmed, "Mam!" was the last thing she heard as her world went dark.