 It was 6:00 PM and Billy was driving home from college for the Christmas break. This being his senior year, He was looking forward to being at home with his family. He needed a break.

He had just pulled off the interstate, when suddenly there was a huge flash of extremely bright coming directly at him. The next thing he knew he was waking up on a metal table. He was in the middle of a room with no idea of what had happened or how he got there. Before he could get his bearings he fell back to sleep.

Thinking he was dreaming Billy noticed a shadowy figure approaching him as he lay on the table. Fearing for his life, he tried to get up and run but couldn't. Thinking he must be dreaming, Billy tried to wake himself up but was unable to. The shadowy figure hovered above him and slowly descended until it was barely touching his skin.

When the shadowy figure touched him, Billy began to relax and his fear subsided. He had a surreal feeling come over him when he heard the sweetest and most beautiful voice in his head. "Close your eyes and relax. I'm not here to hurt you, only to bring you pleasure. Sleep my friend, sleep."

Billy's eyes closed and he started to dream. At least he thought it was a dream. In his dream, he was walking through a flowery maze until he came upon a log cabin. He walked up and knocked on the door but there was no answer. Looking through the front window he saw a beautiful woman lying on a bed naked. She motioned for him to come inside.

As he entered the room he noticed he was naked too. His cock was hard and bobbing up and down in front of him. The closer he approached the woman, the more he wanted her. Her scent was intoxicating. He knew she would fulfill his every desire. Somewhere in the back of his mind he felt this was more than a dream but right now he did not care.

As he climbed up on the bed, his dream partner pulled him to her and kissed him passionately. Her lips tasted like nectar from the gods. He began to kiss the nape of her neck as she grasped his hard cock and aimed it towards her love canal.

With his first push he could feel her velvety pussy gripping his cock. Her pussy was extremely tight and soaking wet. He felt as though her pussy was made especially for his cock.

He continued fucking his dream lover with a passion he'd never felt before. He slammed into her tight wet pussy vigorously. With each thrust she would moan and thrash about on the bed. He was enjoying himself deliriously. He had sex with a few women before tonight but it never felt this glorious.

His stamina was usually very good but right now he was setting such a blistering pace it wouldn't be long before he came. When he tried to slow down his dream partner would spur him on by gripping and releasing his cock with her cunt muscles. She was driving him insane with pleasure.

Neither of them spoke a word as they lost themselves in their moment of lust. This secretive moment would stay with them forever. They would be a part of each other for the rest of their lives.

Suddenly; Billy's dream lover spoke. "Make me the happiest woman in the universe, make me pregnant. Give it to me! Give it to me now!"

When her pussy started gripping and releasing fast around his cock he could hold no longer and screamed! " Oohh my godd I'm Cumming!"

Shoving his cock as deep as he could into pussy, he shot load after load of hot cum into her steaming hot love canal. He held himself there wanting to make sure no cum leaked out of her pussy.

His dream lover looked into his eyes and said. "Our task is done, we are joined together forever."

Before Billy could ask her what she meant he fell off into a deep sleep.

Billy didn't know it but her pussy actually was made for his cock. He was having sex with an alien from the planet Altrusey. They could shave themselves into anything they wanted to. The male of their species had become sterile after a huge meteor shower on their planet.

The Altrusans had come to earth in search of a human with a special genetic anomaly. Only a human with the right genetic anomaly could save their planet. It just so happened, Billy was the first human they found with the right genetic anomaly.

Their plan was to merge their DNA with human DNA. They were able to do this because their intelligence was much more advanced than the human race. When a female of their species had sex with a human, their DNA's would merge. Once the merger was made, the female alien would then spread the human DNA to the males of her species. The new DNA would expand throughout their Planet and their species would survive.

The same scenario would then occur with the human male. This would result in a merger of the two different species. When the Altrusan female's DNA merged with the male human's DNA, the alien's pheromones and high sex drive would be passed along also

Their plan had two flaws.

Their first flaw was that they did not take into account the high amount of pheromones their bodies secreted or the high sex drive of an Altrusan male. 

A young Altrusan male was able to copulate anywhere from 10 to 20 times a day. Whereas, a young human male would never be able to keep up that pace. After each conquest he would need time to recover. Even though he might want to have sex as much as an Altrusan male it would still be impossible.

Their second flaw was he would only be able to impregnate women with his same genetic anomaly. Unfortunately there were only 12% of the women on earth had this genetic anomaly.

With his new DNA features, no woman on Earth would be able to resist him. There would be women attracted to him everywhere he went. The Altrusans could only hope there were enough women within his local area to begin the merger.

When Billy woke up, he was sitting in his car parked in his mother's driveway. He thought. "What the hell? How did I get here? What the fuck happened?"

The last thing he remembered was getting off the interstate then suddenly he was home. He looked down at his watch and noticed only 20 minutes had passed since he got off the interstate. He knew it took at least 1 hour to get home from that point. How did he get here so fast?

Shaking his head, he decided to try and figure out what happened later. Now, he needed a shower badly. He wreaked of sex.

Scratching his head he went inside. He thought to himself, 'How can I smell of sex? The last time I had sex was with Christie Anderson last week. What the fuck is going on?'

Upon entering the kitchen he saw a note his mother (Sally Reynolds) left for him. The note said. "Shelly and I had to go to the grocery store. We'll be back shortly. Love, Mom."

He went upstairs and started taking a shower. He was enjoying the warm pulsating spray flowing down his body when his cock began to harden. Just as he started to stroke it there was a sudden knock on the bathroom door.

Startled, Billy asked, "Who is it?"

The door opened and a woman said. "It's just me Billy, Aunt Evelyn. I saw your car parked in the driveway and thought I would pop in and say hi."

Evelyn Langley lived next door. She was Billy's mother's best friend. They went to high school and college together. She wasn't really his aunt but for as long as he could remember he called her Aunt Evelyn.

Evelyn was a knockout. She was in her mid forties, had long blonde hair and the smoothest, longest legs of any woman he'd ever seen. Still, it was her breasts that Billy loved the most, they enhanced the rest of her body perfectly. She had been the object of quite a few of Billy's masturbation sessions.

Billy poked his head out from around the shower curtain and said. "Hi Aunt Evelyn, just give me a few minutes and I'll be out of the shower. We can talk then."

She was about to answer Billy when she smelled a strange heady odor. It was very intoxicating. Her body began to react to it immediately. Her nipples hardened and her pussy began to soak her panties. She was being drawn to the shower.

Billy did not notice Evelyn undressing while he finished his shower. He was about to emerge from the shower when Evelyn stepped inside.

"What the hell? Aunt Evelyn what are you doing?" Billy exclaimed!

Placing her index finger to his lips, Evelyn whispered. "Shhh, don't worry about a thing. Auntie Evelyn is going to take good care of you."

Before Billy could speak she grabbed his cock and kissed him hard on the mouth. Billy could not believe his luck. The woman he fantasized about since he was a teenager, was kissing him in the shower and playing with his cock.

Billy broke away from their kiss and went straight to her sizable tits. He took one in his mouth and began tweaking the other nipple between his fingers. It was having the desired effect he was looking for. She was moaning loudly and begging him to fuck her.

Evelyn had never thought of Billy in this way before. She always felt as if he was the son she never had. She would do anything for him. Right now though, he had her pussy flowing like a river.

Dropping to her knees she started to thoroughly suck his cock. She thought, 'Damn he tastes good. I should've done this years ago.'

Billy could not believe his eyes. His beautiful aunt was on her knees sucking his cock. His dream was coming true.

If there was one thing Evelyn was good at, it was sucking cock. She was a pro's pro. She started working her way up and down his rapidly growing cock. Every time she reached its engorged head she gently scraped her teeth across it. She knew this was the most sensitive area on a man's cock. She had driven many a man crazy using this technique before. There wasn't a man alive who wouldn't want her sucking his cock.

Billy knew if he did not stop her soon he was going to blow his load. Pulling her from his cock, he picked her up and tried to slam his cock into her inviting pussy. His exuberance was causing him to miss the target.

Realizing Billy was too excited, Evelyn grabbed his cock and aimed towards her inviting pussy. Pressing her against the shower wall, Billy gave one big shove and buried his cock deep into her fiery hot cunt.

Evelyn gasped as he stuffed her pussy full. His cock felt even bigger in her pussy than when she had it in her mouth. He started slamming his cock into her like a well oiled piston. With each hard thrust he was hitting her G spot. She had to bite down on his shoulder to keep from screaming out loud.

Billy kept driving his cock into her slick pussy hard and fast. His dream was coming true. He would make sure she would want to fuck him again.

He thought. 'A chance like this comes around once in a lifetime. I better make sure she remembers it.'

Evelyn felt as if he might drive her through the wall he was fucking her so hard. She knew her back was going to hurt her tomorrow but right now she could care less. She needed the fucking he was giving her.

It had been almost two years since she had sex. She picked up some young stud the night after she signed her divorce papers. The sex was good but didn't compare to the fucking Billy was giving her.

She started flailing around so hard it was all he could do to keep his cock in her pussy. Billy knew from her reactions she was close and he wanted to cum with her.

Steadying her against the wall he slowed his pace. He began to slowly withdraw his cock from her slick pussy. Just when she thought his cock would flop out of her he would drive it back into her hard and deep.1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8, he was counting to himself.

When he reached 9, she started shaking uncontrollably and flooding her juices all over his cock. Her orgasm hit her like a tidal wave. She was in ecstasy, never before had she been so thoroughly fucked.

Evelyn bit down on his shoulder and screamed into it. 

"Yesss, oh shit, ooohhh my godd, sooo gooodd! Please Don't stop"

When she started cumming Billy's cock blasted the walls of her hot cunt with squirt after squirt of his alien seed.

He exclaimed! "Aunt Evelyn, ohh nooo I can't believe it, I'm Cumming in your puussssy! Ieeeeeeeee!"

Evelyn screeched back! "Yes, that's it baby, you are filling me up! Don't stop Cumming in your Aunt Evelyn!"

Totally spent, Billy's knees began to buckle. Easing himself and Evelyn down to the shower floor.

He looked into her eyes just barely able to speak and said. "Thank you Aunt Evelyn, that was absolutely amazing. I don't even know how to describe what I'm feeling."

"I don't know what to say either Billy, you were amazing. It's been a long time since I've felt this good. You are an amazing lover but we mustn't ever let your mother know about this. She would kill both of us. Do you understand?"

Billy nodded and asked, "Aunt Evelyn, can I come over after mom and Shelley go to bed?"

Giggling Evelyn told him, "That's just like a man, never satisfied. I know I should tell you this can never happen again but I can't. I'm not able to put my finger on the reason right now but somehow it just feels right. Listen honey, I think I'm going to need a good night's sleep after the shagging you just gave me."

Billy looked like he had just lost his last friend when Evelyn told him he wasn't going to be able to come over later. He understood but it did not make him feel any better. He wanted to fuck her over and over again.

Seeing the look of sadness on his face, Evelyn thought for a second and said. "Wait a minute, your mom has to run the silent auction at the school and Shelley has gymnastics practice tomorrow. We will have plenty of time to get together while they're gone."

"Damn, I forgot Sunday was Shelley's birthday. I have to give her something special. Turning 18 is a big deal. Will you help me Aunt Evelyn? I don't have an idea of anything I could get her." Billy responded.

Expressing to him she understood how hard it was for brother a to buy a birthday present for his sister. She told him. "We'll go shopping in the morning but for now we need to clean ourselves up before your mom and Shelley get home."

As the two lovers were cleaning up they heard the door downstairs open and shut. Billy heard his mom holler, "Billy, were home! Can you come help your sister bring in the groceries?"

"Oh shit, tell her you'll be right down while I get dressed. Now hurry before she comes up you're looking for you. I've already told you she would kill us if you find this together." Evelyn whispered to Billy.

Billy yelled to his mom that he would be right down. Running to his room he put on a pair of shorts and quickly ran downstairs. As he went through the kitchen he stopped and gave his mother a kiss on the cheek. He started to tell her how much he missed her when Shelley came through the door with the first load of groceries.

Billy grabbed the groceries and set them on the kitchen table. Being her regular bossy self Shelly told Billy. "Come on lazy, there is a lot more where that came from."

Before following her out the door Billy looked his mom and said. "Well it looks like she hasn't changed. She's still gotta be the boss."

His mom told him. "She's just excited about her birthday. Take it easy on her. Remember what it was like when you were her age. Now go and finish helping your sister."

Billy and Shelley had just finished bringing in the last of the groceries when Evelyn entered the kitchen. She had her head wrapped in a towel. Billy's mom turned and said. "Hi Evelyn, I didn't see you come in. When did you get here?"

Evelyn explained, "I'd just gotten out of the shower when I noticed Billy's car in the driveway. I knew you were gone so I dropped in to see if he needed anything."

Not suspecting anything, Billy's mom asked her if she would like to stay for supper. Evelyn declined saying she was tired and was going to bed early. Seductively she looked at Billy and said. "Call me in the morning and we will go find that thing you're looking for."

Sally Reynolds asked her son, "What is it you're looking for? Maybe I can help."

Billy didn't want Shelly knowing what he was doing so he went over to his mom and whispered in her ear. "It's a present for Shelly. Aunt Evelyn told me you had some things to do tomorrow so she volunteered to help."

His mom responded quietly. "That's right, I forgot about the auction at the school. I might get you and Evelyn to pick up her birthday cake for me."

Noticing all the whispering, Shelley began asking. "What are all of you talking about? It's about me, isn't it? I'm right here the room or don't you see me?"

"We see you, we just don't want you to hear what we're saying. It's a secret and you'll have to wait until Sunday to find out what we're talking about. Don't be so damned nosey." Laughingly Billy told his sister.

"It's just not fair!" Shelly exclaimed as she stormed out of the kitchen.

Billy went to the fridge grabbed himself a beer and sat down at the table. He tried to listen to his mom and Evelyn while they were talking about the plans for Shelley's birthday party. Still, all he could think about was what had happened earlier in the shower.

Reviewing the events in his mind, his cock was becoming rock hard underneath the table. His body began emitting his powerful pheromones immediately. His scent was permeating the room.

Remembering the alluring smell from earlier in the evening Evelyn knew she had to leave. Her panties were becoming soaking wet again.

Trying to make up an excuse Evelyn told Sally. "Oh shit; I've gotta go, I think I left the water running in the tub. I hope it doesn't flood the house. Billy call me in the morning and we will go get Shelly a birthday present."

Before Sally could respond Evelyn bolted out the door. That's when Billy's intoxicating smell flooded her nose. Her nipples started to protrude into the front of her dress and her clit felt like he was on fire. She was horny as hell. She needed a release. 

Telling Billy to keep an eye on the stove, she ran upstairs to her bedroom.

Upon reaching her bedroom she immediately locked the door. Yanking her clothes off she opened the bottom drawer on her night stand and pulled her vibrator out and turned it down. Shoving it deep into her clean shaven pussy she worked it in and out at a blinding rate of speed. She knew she had to cum fast or Billy would come looking for her.

Closing her eyes, she tried to fantasize the vibrator was a huge cock slamming into her pussy. It was working, she kept rhythmically shoving the vibrator in and out of her slick cunt. Her fantasy lover was about to put her over the edge when suddenly she saw her lover's face. It was Billy, her lovely son. It was his cock slamming into her.

Whether it was the taboo subject or the fact it had been almost three years since she had sex, seeing Billy's face as her fantasy lover put her over the edge. When she started cumming her pussy began squirting her juices everywhere. This had never happened to her before, she was moaning and screaming. "Oh my godd, that's it, make mama cum! Mama loves Billy's big hard cock!"

It had been almost 20 minutes since his mother left the kitchen. Getting a little worried, Billy went to see if she was okay. He was about to knock on her bedroom door when he heard her screaming his name.

Shocked upon hearing his name Billy thought. 'What did she say? Did she call my name? Does she want me to fuck her?'

Laying on her bed satiated, Sally hoped no one heard her when she was in the throes of her orgasm. Beads of sweat were dripping down her tender breasts when a sudden knock upon her door brought her out of her revelry.

"Mom, are you okay? I heard you calling my name." Billy called to her through the door.

Sally tried to compose herself the best she could under the circumstances and called back to Billy. "Yes son I'm fine. I stubbed my toe on the dresser when I came out of the bathroom. I'll be right down to finish dinner."

Her mind was reeling as she wondered. 'What came over me? Shit, why was I fantasizing about my son's cock? What am I going to do? He heard me calling his name? Did he know what I was doing up here?"
