 Since I don't know how to add pages onto existing pieces of work, here's another chapter!

Also, this one ended up longer than I had anticipated!

***

After a good few hours of sleep, Ana was the first to wake from it. Her eyes fuzzy as a chill went through her spine, causing her to shudder in the chill of the cave, sending her arms down to brace herself.

As her wits slowly came back to herself she turned her attention to the large figure infront of her, the large Worgen male that she had passed out on and she almost screamed as she saw it, not entirely remembering the night that had transpired, but the cloak that slipped down her plated back had been warming, especially against the man, whose body itself was as warm as a rug next to a fireplace.

She turned her head back to the entrance of the cave that was far away from the pair, the blackness tinted a light blue, showing signs of the morning rising. She sighed, wrapping the cloak back around her shoulders and turning her attention back to the man infront of her.

For the first time she could properly see his face as he slumbered, even in sleep the Worgen race looked angry, perhaps it was their snarling maws, maybe he was just an angry person. His right eye was scarred, and white on the flesh and fur that surrounded the cut, a change from his amethyst coloured eyes.

Though his face was rather engaging and attractive, for a Worgen, her gaze turned back down to the man's lap, and to the exposed underwear, her face turning from his crotch to his face, and back again multiple times before her curiosity became too much for her to bare. She reached a hand down to very gently nudge his loose underwear down past his crotch to give her a good view.

Her teeth gently caught her bottom lip as she caught sight of the man's genitals, or at least, his scrotum, a pair of balls bigger than her fists clasped over one-another, thick and firm and obviously hadn't had any release in a long time. Her gaze couldn't find anything else besides the glorious fur covered balls, having never seen any as large.

The danger of the situation simply excited the shy Elf more, going to reach a hand down and cup one of his balls gently. All the time she started to play away, her face keeping her eyes on the man's face to keep sure that he doesn't awake. Her fondling of his balls came to a halt as something nudged her hand. Her gaze shifted downwards to his crotch and her eyes bulged at the red member unsheathing itself. It's tapered head emerging from it's hold, and it didn't stop coming. 

After a good few moments of growth, he finally reached full mast. Ana's mouth slightly gaped open at the sight of the impressive member, with a thick, bulbous knot at the base and reaching at least two inches in width and eleven inches up at first glance, even larger up close, and that's exactly where Ana intended to go. She slowly lowered her head to be close to the cock. Even from an inch or so away, she could feel the heat coming off of the member, which twitched gently in Alex's slumber. 

Alex mumbled silently under his unconscious state, his legs shifting a little.

Ana ran her tongue along her lips, taking in a deep breath and catching a final glimpse of Alex's face before going to put her lips to his member's head. But before she could do anything, she was disturbed by a grunt from Alex, seeming to wake up.

Ana quickly jumped backwards and turned her back to Alex, a blush covering her face. 

Alex rubbed his eyes gently and slowly came to his conscience. Not noticing his exposed cock for a moment. But as he notices it he blinks, quickly covering it with his underwear as he re-equipped his armour, being a sure-fire way to wake yourself up. "...Morning, woman..." he coughed out, clearing his throat.

"Good morning, Sir Blademane... My thanks for saving me last night..."

"Yeah... whatever, you're welcome I guess. You didn't see anything, right..." 

"See what?"

"Nothing, it doesn't matter. Get ready, anyway. We're returning to Stormwind today. Or you could go and get yourself killed again, up to you. I don't care..."

She sighed quietly to herself and lifted herself to a stand, turning around and removing the cloak from her shoulder with it extended towards Alex "I suppose returning to the jail is a better fate than an early death..."

"You didn't do anything wrong I suppose. I can try and get Benjamin to release you. Where you go after that, I don't know"

"Don't trouble yourself, Sir Blademane... I've spent a while in there up to this point... I'll return there once we have arrived in Stormwind." she nodded, though it was just an action, some sort of sadness was evident in it as she turned around and headed towards the mouth of the cave.

Alex grunted, once more trying to restrain any thoughts of the woman's feelings as he hooked his cape over his shoulder and picked his weapon back up, following after Ana "Stupid... woman..." he thought to himself, shaking his head. "And what if they release you? Good luck surviving Stormwind's streets without harm."

She hooked her hands infront of her stomach as they proceeded on their way to the docks that they had arrived in merely yesterday. "If that is the fate for me. Then I'll have no choice than to accept what is coming to me"

Alex gives a soft growl and reaches a hand out to yank Ana's arm back abruptly "You're with me on this, and I don't care what you say. You're going to wait for me when you go back to jail and I'm getting you out, no arguing with me on this." he grunts and almost shoves her arm out of his hand, marching ahead of her.

Ana could do nothing more to his actions than blink and rubbing the arm that Alex had grabbed, a confused bush forming on her cheeks as a sigh escaped her lips "...Alright..."

---

As the hours had passed since the duo had returned to Stormwind, Ana had indeed returned to her prison cell, the guards very eagerly eyeing her up with dirty grins. Her armour had been removed and she now sat there in her ragged prison clothing. Dirty and damp brown clothing that had stitching problems everywhere on it, but at the very least it covered her private parts, which she appreciated. She also didn't have to share cell with other people this time, which she found a surprise. The Paladin sighed quietly to herself and sat down on her rough bedding that stared out the iron bars, giving no attention to anyone looking in.

The prison echoed with the manic laughter of the truly depraved and the silent weeping of the cowardly and scared. Someone on the other side of the hall from her grinned and stared into the cell "What's a prity lil' thing like you doin' in 'ere then?"

Ana turned her face to the rough voice, looking to the grizzly looking Worgen in the cell opposite from her, deciding to pay him no attention and looking down at the floor again.

"Oi! Lil' bitch don't you ignore me!" he growled, slamming the palm of his hand to the metal bars.

Ana calmly folded her arms again, thinking back over what Alex had told her, clinging to false hope that it would be true while the Worgen screamed obscenities at her.

"Why don' ya come to my cell? I'll ruin ya for other men"

"I'm sorry sir, but I prefer that I don't have to use magnifying glasses when engaging in such acts" she said, holding her hands firmly in place on her lap.

"The fuck'd you say to me cunt?! Bitch I'll-" the rather rude man was cut off by the slamming open of the prison doors, a couple of armoured guards approaching the cell door of Ana's.

She lifted her head, anticipating a familiar face, but saw the blank helmet of alliance guards, and the Warden. "Come on. You've been pardoned of... whatever. You're free to go, you have been protected from violence, should anyone try to."

Ana hoisted herself up, her head dropped a little as she headed out of the cell, carefully avoiding getting to close to the Worgen's cell, of which the inhabitant grinned, and appeared to shrink into the shadows, disappearing from sight, causing a worried expression on Ana's face, even if she knew that he couldn't escape the cell.

-

After what had seemed like hours of her wandering around the city, dressed in her new dress and hood that she was given to hide her Sin'dorei appearance, she admitted to herself that she was lost, constantly turning her head to try and find some sort of guidance for a way out of the city but could only see signs reading "Old Town" and "Dwarven District" as if that was helpful. The Paladin dropped her head and moved herself into the nearest ally-way, giving up for that moment, sitting herself against the nearest wall and curling up into a ball with her legs tucked into her chest "Well isn't this just... great..." turning her head up to the sky, which had turned all but black at this point, dotted by golden stars.

"Hello again" came a familiar voice, from where though, she couldn't distinguish "Don' freak ou' now, I'm sure you'd ha'e for people te find ou' there's a Blood Elf around, wouldn' ye?" the man spoke again, slowly stepping from the shadows of the building in front of her.

Ana's eyes bulged from their sockets, quickly scrambling to her feet to try to run but to no avail, the Worgen was much too quick and soon had his hand pinned around her throat, holding her to the wall "Don' be scared bitch, I won' hurt ye if you accept i'" he gave a wicked grin, forcefully turning the poor woman around and thrusting her face against the brick wall "Ye know wha' job a bitch like you does?" he said in a deeper, growling voice next to her ear "Yer for breedin'. And I plan on taking a long time with you"

Ana growled to herself and kicked a foot behind her, finding itself planted into the man's already eager crotch, making him howl in pain and stumble backwards a little, dropping Ana to her rear against the wall "Alrigh' that's fuckin' i'! Open tha' whore mouth-"

"Koran, step away from her. I don't think she's yours to play with" came an all too familiar voice, making Ana's ears perk up with silent joy, turning her head to see Alex atop the roof above her, an arrow nocked into a large bow, aimed towards the fellow Worgen.

"O' fuck off Alex! She ain' your business, le' me have my fun with 'er" the man snarled up at the hero of the day.

"You want me to go tell the Guards you're using your magic again? You remember what they said what they'd do next time. Get back to your cell, mutt" he nearly snapped, a smug grin soon spreading across his toothy maw

Not much else was needed to be said before the man stepped back into the shadows, growling to himself and the others as he faded once more out of reality. 

Alex chuckled to himself triumphantly as he dropped down from the roof tops and onto the ground infront of Ana, who smiled up at him as if being returned to a long lost husband. Her eyes glowed happily with a watery layer coating them, but her eyes were soon hidden as she launched up to embrace her saviour, burying her face in his armoured chest. Alex simply shook his head and patted Ana's back softly "Come on... I think you need to get somewhere safe, right?" the patting hand reaching down to lift the Elf up and heading off towards said place of safety, keeping her secure with her cradled in both arms.

Ana simply hid her face into her furry protector all the way, saying nothing to him as they wandered off, wherever he had in mind. The warmth emitting from his armour and his firm hold calming the woman down. 

As the two wandered through Stormwind, a multitude of strangers giving shifty looks at the man who normally spends his life alone, drinking. But instead, having a woman cradled in his arms looks like quite an odd appearance for people who knew him.

"ALEX!" called a rough voice from the Pig n' Whistle Inn as he walked past it, causing him to grunt and curling his lip up, turning his head to look at the voice.

"What do you want, Ben.." he sighed as he saw the man, grinning and walking towards him.

"Just wanted to know why you've still got that with you?" 

"I'm taking her somewhere safe so Koran can't get at her. Get your mind from the gutter, you filth"

Ben chuckled and raised his hands in the air innocently "Hey, hey, hey. I wasn't suggesting anything, just why she ain't in Prison. And Koran? He ain't been released right?"

"No, he was being a sneaky cunt as usual, trying to get at this woman" Alex gestured towards Ana, who had seemed to have fallen asleep again in the comforting embrace of Alex. 

"Oh lords, you haven't got feelings for it have you? She's part of the Horde, Alex"

"Of course not! Just not fair that I leave her to get torn apart in Stormwind, she helped the Alliance after all!" he snapped at Ben, growling lowly and shaking his head at his sudden action.

"Uh-huh. So where exactly are you taking her then? An Inn? She'd be soooooo safe in an Inn" Ben's lips contorted into a grin.

"...I'm taking her to my house. I have a spare room after all" 

"HAH! - Wait, you have a spare room? Then why haven't you let me stay with you? I've been sleeping in an Inn for the past year!"

"Because unlike her, you insult me and mock me. And you remember breaking my fang? I remember" he rolled his eyes as he turned on his way again, heading off and out of sight of Ben.

"Hey! That was like... Three years ago!" Ben shouted after him, growling as he turned back to head back into the Inn, kicking a stone as he went. "Dick..."

---

Upon arriving at Alex's house, Ana turned and wriggled gently in the man's hands. By the time that they had arrived, it had started to turn dark outside again, Alex sighed, cursing the Autumn under his breath and headed himself upstairs and into the spare bedroom. The house itself being nothing amazing, as one would expect from a Stormwind house that a Hunter/Mercenary owned. Two bedrooms, an average size kitchen that looked like it has never been used, either from genuine lack of use or from meticulous cleaning on Alex's part. The rest of the house was pretty much the same, and the only thing of note being the racks of alcohol in the Sitting room, filled with bottles of Whiskey, Rum and spirits the like. 

With his best efforts to not wake the sleeping woman in his arms, Alex shuffled the door to the spare room open and wandered in. A decently sized room, furnished with barely anything in there besides from a few Bookshelves and Wardrobes, a cushioned chair, a bedside table, an oil lamp on the wall above the table and most obviously, a bed.

Alex placed Ana down gently on the bed, watching her peaceful rest for a couple moments before he took a match from the bedside draw, struck it and lit the lamp.

He looked around the room briefly, checking the windows to make sure they were shut and the drapes were closed. After making sure everything was alright, he shifted his way out of the room, heading into his own and shutting both doors behind him.

As soon as he had left the room, Ana's eyes fluttered open, sitting herself up on the bed. As her eyes adjusted to the light, they shifted across the dimly lit room, removing her dress and folding it up on the bed, wandering over to the Wardrobes and taking what she felt was a Nightgown over to the bed.

In the light of the Lamp, she could see that it was just barely see-through, but only with light shining through it, or at a very close view. She couldn't help but wonder why Alex would own something like this but shrugged it off after a few moments and draped it over herself, no need to take off any underwear that the Prison had so gracefully denied giving her.

After sitting on the side of the bed for a solid half hour, she had grown bored of the eerie silence, only filled with the occasional flicker of the flame of the lamp, or the shouting from outside of the window of a drunkard in an argument. Deciding she needed something to do, a thought crossed her mind and a devilish grin slid across her innocent ruby lips. She took herself to a stand and wandered across to the door, silently opening it and soon finding herself at the door to Alex's room. She tapped her fore-fingers against one-another for a couple seconds before raising her fist to the door, gently knocking upon it with her knuckles.

Alex's ears flicked towards the sound and almost jumped from bed, as if forgetting that he had company, he dropped his head and sighed to himself, shifting the bed sheets over his near-naked form. "Come in, Ana" he said lowly, crossing his arms behind his head as he leaned back against the headboard of the bed.

Ana smiled as she pushed open the door, hiding her smile upon entering his bedroom, folding her arms over her stomach as he eyes found Alex in the more brightly lit room. To her surprise, his bedroom was almost identical to the spare-room. The only difference being the armour rack in the far corner, the size and the bow that hung above the bed on metal spikes. 

"Sorry to disturb you, Sir-"

"Alright, ground rules. You're not allowed to call me Sir, I'm not a Knight, it's Alex. Got it?"

She nodded coyly, gently shutting the door behind her, her body in full-site for Alex.

"Yes, Alex. Sorry to disturb you... but would you mind if I stayed in here for a little while? Being in this City... and after what had happened earlier... I don't feel so safe" She lowered her head, gently rubbing her arms.

Alex sighed and shuffled across the king-sized bed a little to the left, making room for her to at least sit on. "Sure, why not..."

If Ana could grin in her mind, she would be, but instead she gave a soft smile at him. "Thank you, Alex" as she soon found herself sat besides Alex on his bed, and the light from the few lanterns that dotted the room gave view on Ana's body through the nightgown. 

Alex eyed her body over, while Ana acted completely unaware of what he was doing. Her body was fit, fitter than most woman and her muscles had definite tone and definition to them, her hips were perfectly wide, leading to her plump rear that seemed to be squished against the bed, maybe on purpose, maybe on accident. Her breasts were barely held in her nightgown, obviously in her plan, they must have been at least D cup in size if not more.

Alex grumbled quietly to himself and turned on his side slightly, causing Ana to raise her brow, laughing internally "What's wrong, Alex? Did I do something wrong?" she said quietly, placing a hand on the bed covers on his hip as she leaned over, looking at his face.

"You know what you're doing... Else you'd wear something normal, not that" He grunted at her.

"Awhh... I just thought you would like something to look at. I can make it up to you." She smirked out of sight as she stood back up, dropped the nightgown and wandered over to the side of Alex's bed that he was staring out of, getting more and more bold with each passing moment "Would you like my apology?"

He blinked as he saw her standing there in her full naked glory, and the shy girl from earlier seeming like she wasn't there anymore. "What're you trying to do..."

She shifted her weight onto one leg, making her chest jump as one hand reached down and rather abruptly removed the covers that were defending Alex. Her eyes setting locks on her prize instantly.

Alex's underwear was already bulged from the display that Ana had put on for him, his eyes fluttering wildly as his defense was stolen, completely lost for words.

Ana ran her tongue along her lips as she situated herself at the feet of Alex, placing her hands on his knees and splitting them for her access, hooking her fingers into Alex's underwear and pulling them away eagerly and releasing his member from it's restraints, looking larger than the last time she saw it. Her actions causing Alex to shift up to a sitting position against the back of the bed, completely confused. Ana simply grinned and crawled herself between his legs on all fours, her hips swaying in the air "Don't act so scared. I don't bite..."
