 Before anything starts, these are all my characters and the logic of the Lore may not be accurate or not make sense? I'm just here to write something that's been on my mind.

Ana'sera Bloodbrook - Blood Elf Paladin
Alexander Blademane - Worgen Hunter

Also, due to the nature of the story, there will probably be a large portion of it of which will not be lewd and will simply be either character development or just... not lewd writing, so sorry if that's your sole intent on the stories.

*****

Days like this were as they usually were in Stormwind, the wind calm, the sun shining down on the glorious Capital City of the Alliance and the hustle and bustle of the citizens wandering about their business as if nothing had recently happened. Though the recent arrival of the refugee Kal'dorei from Teldrassil clogged the roads after their beloved World Tree was burned by that which had been labled a Tyrant, Sylvanas Windrunner. Her quest for conquest leaving a race crippled and without homes.

But one thing in particular was afoot. On the very last pier of the Stormwind Docks, that was to be leading to Northrend, a single man had his legs dangled off of the end of the pier. The man was above average in size for a Worgen male, which themselves generally tower over most other races and his coat was an ashen white, covered by a coal-topped and untamed mane that flowed down the back of his neck. 

Other than his fur and mane, this most noticeable thing would be his armour and weaponry. A large, gold, blue and silver Spear rested besides him along with his armour adorning the same colours, with a grey hood clipped around his neck.

The man sat in silent content at the end of the bridge for as long as he would be allowed to do so, knowing that he had been called to be there for a reason. And after a few good minutes of waiting a slight, rough and husky hum started to escape his throat, an old childhood song from his life in Gilneas, sung to him by his mother when the nights were especially frightening for a young boy.

The man's peace was soon cut short by a loud voice calling from a short while away from him "ALEX! Wake up, I've got a gift for you!" said a voice similar to his own, deep and gravely, akin to most of his kind.

Alexander soon snapped out of his dreamland and turned his head to look at the incoming voice, two figures capturing his attention instantly.

One of which was a short, female figure whom Alex had figured to be a High Elf, or one of the new Ren'dorei that had arrived simply by the length and colour of her ears along with her height, but her armour looked different to most that he had seen. She wasn't dressed in fancy looking gear like most Elves of that kind were, she was clad in rather basic military gear, and with her head drooped down, her eyes were anything but visible to the Hunter. Along with the other oddities, her hands were clasped behind her back in shackles. 

The other man was the one who held the chain to her shackles, another Worgen that stood a good few inches shorter than Alex himself, but still dwarfed the smaller Elf in comparison. The man grinned at Alex "I brought you a Blood Elf bitch, the King's spared her life on... whatever grounds." He shrugged softly to himself and tugged on the chains, making the woman jerk forward, still silent and hanging her head down.

Alexander's eyes bulged out of his sockets "Blood Elf?! The fuck's she doing here?! And don't tell me I've got to take her with me... I was actually having a -nice- time for once" he sighed softly to himself, which was slowly replaced by an annoyed growl at remembering the situation. "And I guess I'm not allowed to kill the bitch..."

The second man of the situation shrugged and tossed the chain towards Alex "I'd imagine the king wouldn't be too pleased if you did. But you know what you're going to Northrend for atleast, right? With the emergence of Azerite all over the place, Anduin wants different groups to crawl over different continents in search for it. And since she's been spared her life, she's been put with you!.. Hreh... have fun" 

Alexander swiftly caught the chain, his hand tightening around the metal. His growl got deeper with his upper lip curling into a snarl at the woman who was seemingly not paying attention to anything. "Fuck you Ben... you're enjoying this, aren't you?"

"I'm sure she'd be happy that she got you, and not me. I'd adore having a Sin'dorei bitch with me, no-one would give a fuck what I do to her. Pity you don't have your balls" Ben grinned softly to Alex as he turned himself around and wandered his way back up the pier.

"W-What?! I HAVE MY BALLS YOU TWAT!" He shouted at Ben, his voice booming across the port and attracting the attention of all bystanders, giving the two even more dirty looks than the Blood Elf was already getting.

After an elongated duration of awkward silence, finally the ship to Nothrend pulled up besides the two. Alex reached his arm down and grabbed his spear from the floor and stepped onto the ship, pulling the Blood Elf woman roughly with him, making her stumble and fall onto her side with a rough, loud thud. Eliciting the first sound the woman had made so far in the form of a wimpy grunt.

Alex grunted at her fall, tugging her back up to her feet "Get up you stupid cow... If I have to spend this time with you, I'll hope that you don't wear me down too much or I'll toss you overboard myself..." he spoke in a low voice of annoyance, like gravel shifting across itself, a voice of authority.

Alex jolted a little as he felt the ship start off, grabbing at the Blood Elven woman's arm and turning her around, very uncarefully removing the shackles from her wrists "Now that I know you can't run off anywhere, fuck off and find a seat... the travel's quite a long one and I don't want to spend more time than I have to watching you" 

The woman obliged without any action, just turning on her heels and entering the door behind her as the ship gently rocked and swayed, setting out into the more rough waters that surround the Eastern kingdoms. She sat herself down with a blank face and half lidded eyes on a hammock, the first sight on her eyes being seen from the side by Alex. Their soft golden glow illuminated her face very dimly in the dark room of the ship, Alex seemed to stare at the glow for a moment before he snapped himself out of his, growling quietly to himself before he sat himself down on a crate on the deck of the ship, leaning against the wood.

----

After an hour or two of silenced had passed on the ship, Alexander's curiosity had perked up, causing him to hoist himself up from the crates he had be half asleep on and peak around the corner. To his surprise the woman was still there, in the exact same position that he had last seen her in. This causing him more intrigue and entered the room, looking around at the dim lighting and sighing to himself. He sat himself besides the woman, crossing his arms over his torso.

After yet another awkward silence for another minute or so, he cleared his throat with a hand over his maw "I suppose if we're to be... allied... on this mission I suppose we should... speak?"

The woman stayed silent, all that would change would be very slight facial expressions, from hidden fear, to just a blink.

Alex grumbled quietly to himself, which from a deep voiced Worgen, still sounds like a growl, which caused the woman to flinch gently in her seat "Woman, I'm trying to make this less awkward... speak to me. I have no intention of being friendly I just want to keep the silence at bay. What's your name atleast?"

"Ana'sera... Bloodbrook..." she finally spoke, her voice soft and warm, yet shy and secluded as if she's a child meeting a new person, speaking with brief pauses to gather herself. The voice itself though, was soothing and harmonic to Alex's ears, causing them to flicker in surprise. Her eyes closing, causing her lids to glow gently.

"Ana's-.. Bloodbrook. Alexander, there, we're acquainted. I see you're a light user... Must be why you were assigned with me."

Ana simply nodded to herself, giving an "Mmmm" sound, even that was harmonic with the air around her. 

"Look, you can go home after this mission. I don't want you around here, I'm not overly fond of the Horde" Alex said as he stood himself up again, huffing under his breath.

"I can't go home now. This disgrace wouldn't go un-noticed by my family and friends. I wont be accepted, just leave me in Northrend when you leave. Especially with the Alliance branding on my arm..." She said, though her face remained in the same position, staring at the ground.

Alex's ears twitched, as he heard it, folding them against the side of his head, perhaps what she said resonated with him, being unable to return to their homes.

"I'm sorry for the inconvenience that I am to you. If you wish I will leave you upon setting land on Northrend." She spoke once again, before Alex could say anything in return "I'd rather not keep around if it is uncomfortable for you"

Alex stood in silence for a good few moments, before clearing his throat and leaving the room, not wanting himself to feel bad for a member of the Horde, seeing that they had passed enough time to arrive at Northrend, and soon stopped at the Keep's Docks "Come on, Bloodbrook, we're here."

She pushed herself off of the Hammock and towards the door that Alex had left through, following at a casual pace behind him as he wandered through an Alliance town. All who saw her, giving devilish glances until they reached the exit, into the wastelands of Northrend.

"Safe travels, Sir Blademane" she nodded at him, her face still veiled by her crimson hair, messily hanging over her head.

Alex raised a brow at the woman as he watched her wander off into the snowy wastes of the land, in her barely protective armour and no warm clothing to her name, along with not even a weapon to defend herself. He shrugged softly and turned, wandering away in a different direction from Ana, giving a hoarse sigh as he came to accept her fate from the horrors that still stalk the land.

--

Alex had been wandering for atleast two hours, and with his eyes down at the map in his hands he decided he was lost, his feet crunching through the new coats of snow that had formed in the mere time that he had been traveling. His spear on his back coated in the rotten blood of upwards of thirty brainless undead creatures. Alex taps the tip of one of his dulled claws against his chin as he continued trudging through until something caught his attention from the corner of his eye, the glint of armour in the snow had caught the interest of the easily intrigued Worgen.

Making his way over to the metalic source he realized it was an Elf, and not any Elf, but Ana.

It seemed that she had just been wandering aimlessly through the wastes, not caring if she lives or dies and had passed out from the exhaustion that the cold had put on her. Alex gave a low grumbling growl as he decided whether to leave her or rescue her. 

On a few minutes of consideration he opted for the latter, hooking an arm up under her stomach and hoisting her under his arms. He scowered the area a few moments until he spotted a cave in the distance, trudging onwards towards it.

Upon finding himself in the cave, Alex very gently laid the woman down against the wall of the cave, a good length into the cave to make sure that there's as little cold air intruding as possible. 

Ana's eyes fluttered open very slightly, her entire body shaking a little in place as the cold hit her, her eyes looking over at Alex "B...Blade..mane..?"

Alex slumped down against the wall of the cave opposite to Ana, one leg extended infront of him and the other hoisted at a right angle, wincing every now and then "Yeah, it's me. Couldn't just let you die like that, stupid woman"

Ana turned her face up to look at him properly, her eyes dim and her face finally on show to the man. Her cheeks were dotted infrequently with freckles and her face showing the beauty of her race, the Sin'dorei had always been proud of their natural beauty, though her face was more cute than beautiful, and at this moment it looked helpless, completely different from the indifferent woman that was on the boat.

She curled over into a ball, shaking heavily in the freezing temperatures of her body. Trying to speak but heavy shivers rendering her voice mute.

Alex saw it, and sighed lowly to himself, shuffling over towards Ana and wrapping his cloak around her, pulling her onto himself, the warmth of his body completely engulfing the small woman "Don't get it weird, I'm simply doing this because I'd rather you didn't die after I went through the trouble of saving you"

Ana blinked as the warmth covers her body, the occasional wince from Alex catching her attention. She shifted herself to sit up properly besides him "Y-you're... hurt...?"

Alex grunted and rolled his shoulders, huffing to himself "Yeah, yeah, I got a few stabs in fights with some wandering scourge, alright?" 

"T...Take... of your... armour. I can... heal it"

"What- No! I don't need healing, keep your hands off me"

"Please... you saved me, scourge magic can be d-dangerous... let me help you... I'm not after anything..." she looked up at the man, her eyes giving a look of innocence and pleading, almost like that of a puppy dog smile but more begging and without the smile.

He growled lowly to himself before letting out a loud grunting huff "Fine! But only because it fuckin' hurts..." he said as he shuffled his legs and body to wriggle out of and detach his armour. His body soon showing in it's full glory, heavily set with muscles, visible under the fur.

Ana looked over his body, eyeing the wounds, multiple of them on his legs and a few on his chest. She moves her hands to place against his legs, shakily channeling the light through her hands. Sealing the wounds slowly.

Alex may have removed his armour, but he didn't remove his underwear, and the female hands being so close to his crotch soon showed their detriments, his underwear slowly starting to bulge upwards.

Ana clears her throat, her cheeks flushing red on their pale skin in a blush as she noticed the bulge in underwear, a nervous giggle escaping her throat "...Sorry... Didn't know that would happen..."

"Yeah, yeah... whatever... just ignore it... Can't help it when a beautiful woman is so close..." he sighs ashamed, looking to his right.

Ana's blush just deepened, finishing the healing of Alex's wounds and retracting her arms. Her eyes keep fluttering open and closed, after another few moments, she drops her head down, falling faint again, onto his lap. 

Alex blinked as Ana exhausted herself once more, looking down at the woman with a confused expression, the kind of look and feeling that looks like he had a cat on his lap, not wanting to wake her.

Alex calmly sighed quietly to himself and sunk back against the wall, raising his head as if looking to the snowy sky, soon after closing his eyes and letting slumber take him without any other option to do.

--