 Angela Miller was on her holidays. She was on a cruise ship bound for the planet Thor, named after the Norse god of thunder. Nobody really knew the reasons for it being named for the mythical god. Angela was a thirty year old woman who was born in Yorkshire, England, in the year 2300. She was a buxom woman with nice, big, firm breasts and a lovely, firm, round backside. She had long legs and red hair that reached to her slim waist. The space-liner she was aboard was luxurious, large and elegant. It had all the features of a sea-bound cruise ship on Earth. But the views were so much better.

It was fast, too. It could cross the hundred light-years between Earth and Thor in a week. She'd been on the ship for six days, relaxing in the pools and whiling away her time in the casinos and clubs that were spread all over the ship. It had been a fun trip, and after her 2 weeks on the planet Thor, doing more-or-less the same, she'd spend another week on the same ship, but heading back home.

* * *

Angela woke up on the last day of the cruise feeling refreshed and ready for anything. She packed everything that she'd brought with her or bought onboard and went to breakfast for the last bit of food she'd eat before arrival.

When she'd eaten, she went back to her cabin to make absolutely sure she'd packed everything and by the time she was done, the cruise ship had arrived in orbit of its destination and was preparing for its final approach to the planet.

The ride through the atmosphere was comfortably smooth, which meant that Angela could make her way to the closest exit hatch to her suite.

When the ship finally landed and she disembarked, she was hit by the warm air and bright sunlight. She was surprised by the heat, considering it was early morning here.

Angela was already enjoying herself. She decided she'd go to the hotel and unpack, then take a walk to familiarise herself with the area.

When she got to the hotel, she was showed to her room and given a short tour. The room was basically a one-bedroom apartment. The bedroom had a king-sized bed and a large television in addition to the TV in the living room. The bathroom had a stand-alone shower and a Jacuzzi bath-tub, both programmed to scrub the user's back at the push of a button.

In addition, there was a kitchen for any guests that preferred to cook their own meals and a phone that could be used to call any planet that had been populated by earthlings. The lights were programmed to switch on when a guest was in their room and a sensor calculated that it was too dark. It was a very cosy place to stay for a fortnight.

When the man who'd helped her with her bags and shown her around was gone, Angela dropped onto the very extremely three-seat sofa in the living room.

She looked out of the window at the breathtaking view she'd seen when she was being showed around. A white, sandy beach spread as far as the eye could see in either direction, a lovely turquoise-coloured sea. There were also shops, stalls and restaurants spanning the entire waterfront.

When she'd had her fill of the view, Angela took her bags into the bedroom and started putting her things in drawers and cupboards.

She was done in half an hour and ready to explore. She thought she'd start with the large, nearby forest where people who lived here and the visitors often camped for a couple of nights. Camping wasn't her cup of tea, but that didn't stop her from wanting to explore the place.

She figured she'd go for a swim in the sea afterwards, so she went to change.

Angela had brought a few swimsuits with her and she decided to go with an alluring blue one-piece that was basically three pieces of material designed to cover her nipples, vagina and then settle comfortably between her shapely buttocks.

Over this she wore a bright sundress along with a wide-brimmed hat that would protect her eyes and sandals.

Angela left her room and took the lift to the ground floor and left the hotel. She then turned in the direction opposite her arrival to the hotel.

She walked for miles, relishing the sun and the sea air. It was a wonderful place to get away from the hustle and bustle of her life; she hadn't even done anything remotely relaxing since leaving the ship she'd arrived on and she was in a state of total relaxation.

A couple of hours after she set out, she was at the edge of the forest she wanted to explore. She walked under the shade of the trees and wandered towards the deepest part of the forest she could find.

After an hour in the forest, she heard the sound of a stream nearby, accompanied by the sound of this planet's bird-song.

She'd seen many interesting types of plants. Most of them smelled gorgeous and a few rather foul, probably so nothing would eat them. She was also examining another wonderfully strange plant.

It had a sweet attractive scent and looked magnificent. It stood 3 meters tall, had a lovely purple flower on the top of it with a very large stigma in the middle, and also had many long, thick vines trailing to the ground and away from the plant for another couple of meters.

The plant seemed to respond to being touched. Angela had discovered this when she'd touched one of the vines and saw it move without even a slight breeze. She was now seeing what it would do if touched elsewhere.

She stroked the thick stem and watched with wonder how the plant bent forward, as if it wanted her to smell its flowers beautiful scent even more strongly. She could, of course, smell the flower much more strongly.

For some reason that strong, sweet smell caused her nether regions to tingle and her breathing to get a little heavier. Was it her imagination or was this plant's scent turning her on?

She pushed that from her mind and turned her attention back to the plant. She continued to touch, poke, prod and lightly stroke the stem and vines of the plant and the smell became stronger and sweeter the longer she did so.

She was also becoming increasingly horny, she was certain, now, that the smell acted as an aphrodisiac. At least, it did for humans.

Angela stepped back and the plant seemed to droop as if it thought she was leaving and was sad to see her go.

'Is it even possible for a plant to think like that? To think at all?' she thought.

She walked carefully backwards and saw the plant droop even more. She knelt down and picked up one of the vines, noticing for the first time that it had a hole in the end of it.

'To help collect nutrients?' she asked herself. She looked at the main body of the plant and saw that it was standing tall once again, reacting to her touch.

She looked at the vine and squeezed gently. What she saw was curious. The vine was secreting a clear, sweet-smelling substance.

She squeezed it again, catching a drop of the substance on her finger. Angela sniffed the fluid, and could clearly smell the sweetness of it.

The brochure that she'd read about the planet said that almost all the vegetation was edible. It had said that only the plants and flowers that didn't smell sweet were poisonous.

Thinking back to the brochure, she wondered what this secretion tasted like.

"I think I might as well taste it. It won't kill me or anything." She said to herself.

She lifted her finger up to her lips and licked very lightly at the fluid that was there.

The taste of the fluid worked more powerfully than the smell of the flower on the top of the plants stem. Her pussy began to ache to be filled and she could feel her wetness trickling down her thighs. She also seemed to have a craving to taste more of that sweet, sweet nectar she'd gotten from the vine.

She threw caution to the winds in her twin cravings of that sweet fluid and to have her pussy filled as much as it could be. She stood up and removed her hat, throwing it on the ground. Next, she slipped out of her sandals at the same time as pulling her sundress over her head. Now she stood only in her extremely revealing swimsuit.

Angela was startled, but not surprised considering all she'd learned about this strange plant, to see two of its vines snake towards her. They wrapped themselves around her legs, and instead of trying to fight them off, she welcomed them.

They slithered up her legs and the holes on the ends sucked up her wetness. When it was all gone they started caressing her vulva through the material of her bathing suit.

It felt great; the rough texture of the vines against her outer lips was a blissful feeling. It wasn't anywhere near enough, though. She pushed that from her mind, wanting to get as much enjoyment as she could from this.

Instead, Angela picked up the vine she had discarded and began to lick the tip. The strongly sweet taste seemed even stronger to her. She thought it might be because she was licking more than a couple of drops, this time.

Between her legs, the two vines were trying to push through her swimsuit so they could enter her. They could make no headway against the swimsuit, though. She decided to help them pleasure her by stripping herself completely naked.

When the thought came to her, Angela placed the vine she was holding in her mouth and caressed it with her tongue. When she'd done this, she pushed the other two vines away from her and stood up to remove her remaining article of clothing.

When she went back to her knees, the vines rushed back to her pussy clearly enthusiastic to explore her. Unfortunately, they were too thick for both of them to get in. she felt betrayed by her body.

Then she was struck by an idea. She grabbed one of the prying vines and turned around. She then guided the vine to her asshole. The other vine had finally penetrated her pussy and was snaking up inside her.

The second vine was prodding at her anus, slowly widening the tight hole. After a minute or two it succeeded and slowly made its way inside her.

Angela had let go of the vine she was sucking to guide one of the others to her ass, this vine was now fucking her mouth with gusto. Every time it pushed into her mouth it reached the point where it made her gag slightly.

Suddenly, she felt four more vines grab her: one around either leg and the other two around her midriff. She was lifted off the ground and her legs were held apart. The two vines around her stomach slithered up to push her breasts together and tease her nipples.

Then another vine snaked up her body and pushed between those pink-capped globes and began thrusting between them.

Angela was in a state of euphoria. Never before had she been so well-stimulated. She found herself moaning into the vine that filled her mouth as the others worked on her various erogenous zones.

The two tentacles in her pussy and ass were thrusting at different times: as one pulled out the other pushed inside and vice-versa. It was one of the small things that made double penetration all the more pleasurable.

Suddenly she found the last two vines on the plant in her hands. She raised her hands in front of her face. Pointing the tips at her face, she started pumping them with her fists.

Her entire body was occupied with fucking the strange plant.

Suddenly, Angela felt her vaginal walls contract in orgasm. She felt her cum spray out of her and along the vine protruding from her pussy. This only seemed to spur the plant on and its vines were pumping with renewed vigour.

Suddenly, the vines that were fucking her and those that she was pumping got thicker. Within seconds of this happening, they ejaculated a thick substance. It was coloured a vibrant green and tasted very sweet.

She felt it coat her face, hair and chin. The vine in her mouth was excreting too much of it, however. She swallowed as much as she could, but about half of it was forced from her mouth to dribble down her chin and cheeks.

She felt her pussy and ass overflow with this sweet, thick, green nectar.

The next thing she knew, she was being let gently to the ground, breathing heavily and convulsing with pleasure.

After what felt like an eternity, Angela stood up shakily and wandered to the stream that was just out of her field of vision.

When she got there, she washed the remaining fluid off of her and then walked back to her clothes. She got dressed and lay down to rest a bit. She dozed off.

When she awoke, it was early evening.

In a rush of memory, Angela relived what had happened before she'd fallen asleep.

'Was it a dream?' she thought.

Under normal circumstances, she'd have thought it was a dream, but she could feel the after-effects of a long sex session. She could also feel the last of the plants "cum" leaving her pussy and ass. It hadn't been a dream.

She stood up and walked over to the plant and put her arms around it. It imitated her, resulting in hugging her back.

She planted a kiss on the stem and stood back to admire the plant.

"I'll be back." She told it.

It seemed to understand what she was saying, because its stem bent slightly near the top, as if it was nodding.

Angela turned and headed back to the hotel.

'I'm going to enjoy it here.' She thought. 'Maybe I should buy a place here, and I could visit my new friend every day.'

It was a lovely thought, and she would consider it very carefully.