 It was the end of the day and I was getting ready to close up shop when I hear the door open. 

"I'm sorry, but we're closed." I called, but there wasn't an answer.

I felt it then. 

Magic. 

After 6 years of running, staying 3 steps ahead, it wasn't enough. You were here and I was caught. 

I closed my eyes and waited for the blow that never came.

You pressed me back into the wall, staring intently into my eyes. What did you see? 

Fear? 

Desire?

It didn't matter. You had me now and there was nothing I could do about it. 

I breathed in your scent as you leaned into me, your tongue tracing a wet line up my throat to my mouth. The kiss was a deep, passionate exploration of our mouths and my body started to tighten. 

Your hands went around my waist and pulled me closer. I try to break the kiss but couldn't move. You had me completely entranced when you started to unbutton my top. I was back against the wall as your fingers caressed my skin. 

You stepped back suddenly and it was like I came up for air. I could think again.

You looked incredible. Sex incarnate. I forgot what just the site of you could do to my body. How it could make me do things I thought were impossible. I've lost myself in you so many that I had to run. I had to get away and here you are standing in front of me once again. 

You smirked and I image that to be the look the snake gave to Eve. Tempting her, as you are tempting me now, and I bit. 

My hands went to your pants, loosening your belt. I pulled your shirt free and you lifted it over your head. God did you look good. I ran my hands across your chest, feeling every inch of smooth muscle. 

You captured my hands in yours, stopping me short. You slipped my shirt from my shoulders, caressing the skin along my back. You leaned in, kissing my neck once more. Your scent was intoxicating.

I felt you unhook my bra before you pulled it from my arms. My nipples were hard, my breathing fast, when you rolled one between your fingers. A moan escaped my lips until you covered my mouth with yours. Your tongue exploring once more as your hands caressed and squeezed my breasts. 

My body was on fire and I tried to tell myself that it was your magic, but I knew it wasn't. 

Your hand slid down my stomach to my waist, searching for the zipper on my skirt. When you couldn't find, you bunched it at my waist, and slid your hand between my thighs. You laughed when you felt how wet I was, how ready I was for you. 

You placed my hands above my head, locking them in place with a simple spell. 

You knelt before me, taking my breast into your mouth. Sucking, biting, drawing another moan from my lips. 

Watching my face, you slowly pulled my black lace panties from my hips, down my thighs, and finally to the floor, helping me step out of them. 

You stood up and backed away from me then. Heat was in your eyes as you took in every inch of my almost completely naked body. You smoothed my skirt back into place and finally found the zipper, letting that fall to the floor as well. You stepped back once more and smiled. 

My need was great and all I wanted was your hands on my body once again. I tried to move forward, to get to you and couldn't. I had forgotten about your silly spell to keep me in place. 

You laughed then and came to me, kissing me deep. Your hand slid between my thighs once more and began to caress that most intimate part of myself. I could feel the pleasure building, you devouring every moan that came from my lips, till finally I was at the edge and you stopped. 

You stopped. I was confused, until it hit me. Torture. You were going to torture me until I could take it anymore, just like I had done to you the night I left. Driving you to the brink, just to stop and then start all over again. 

I was right. Your fingers started moving once more, the pleasure building, I was at the precipice, ready to fall and you stopped. 

I wanted to cry. I wanted to beg, but wouldn't give you the satisfaction. 

Your fingers started once more, only this time you watched my face. Your eyes never leaving mine as the pleasured built again, and again, and again. 

Finally I could take no more. I begged. 

"Please, please don't stop!" I gasped, but it was no use. You stopped once more. 

I stood there, staring at you, begging you with my eyes to start once more and let me finish, but you didn't. 

Instead, you removed the rest of your clothes, standing in front of me hard, erect and every bit as impressive as I remembered.

Your hand went back between my thighs, your fingers working my clit once more. I finally thought you'd let me have the pleasure I was so desperately seeking, and I was wrong once more.

Instead, your hand went around my waist, lifting me up. I instinctively wrapped my legs around you, as you lowered me onto you. You held me firm, moving me up and down your length as you nibbled at my neck. My moans grew louder, my pleasure building until one last thrust and I was gone, screaming my pleasure into your shoulder. 

You released me from the wall and carried me over to the counter. Setting me down you continued to move in and out of me, harder and harder with each trust, making me scream with pleasure. I didn't know how much more I could take. You felt so incredible inside of me, my body moving against yours in a perfect rhythm. 

Nothing made any sense as the pleasure over whelmed me once more and I felt you cum inside of me. We were both panting, spent, and covered in sweat. 

"You will never leave me again my angel, do you understand me?" you said.

"Never," I replied. I was tired of running. It was time to let you win, to let you have my body any way you saw fit.