 As soon as he stood up, Jeff knew immediately that he'd had way too much to drink. He couldn't help swaying unsteadily, and when he started for the bathroom, he lurched in a decidedly ungraceful manner. 

"Jeff's fucked up!" Crowed one of his cronies at the table, although they had all had more than was good for them. A group of the guys out for a night on the town almost always ended up in a race to see who would worship the porcelain god last. 

Jeff ignored the comment and the raucous laughter that followed it, focusing on his destination, which as near as he could remember was at the end of the long hall going past the back bar. The music from the band was loud enough to drown out all other sound, but he thought somebody yelled something at him as he started down the hall. He ignored it, his need to get to a stall overwhelming all other thoughts. 

At the end of the hall a doorway was partly open and light was streaming out. Peering into the room was a short, stout figure- almost a midget. 

"Get the hell out of my way." Jeff muttered, and barged past the figure and busted through the door. 

"Hey! Don't go in th-" the midget started to say, grabbing at him. But he was past, and into the room, and he drew up short, confused even beyond the alcoholic fog. A pair of men stood over a kneeling woman, one of them gripping her hair and one arm cruelly. They were all glowing in an eerie blue light, and as they all looked up at him in shock the light pulsed intensely, and Jeff lost all track of time and space.

Cold was all that existed. Cold, and a vague sense of falling, falling. Or was he floating? But mostly the cold. And the dark, but it wasn't really dark, just….no light, somehow. But he felt like maybe he could see if there was anything around to see, but he was just in a big….nothing, a no-where. And it was so freakin' cold….

Then the light was there again, blue and blinding, and he fell to his knees in the grass. "Grass?" He wondered aloud, and realized that he was stone cold sober. Was he dreaming?

As his vision slowly returned he rose to his feet and peered around him. He was on a hillside, not real steep, and in front of him were the woman and the two men who had been there when the light came. They were sprawled on the hillside, and the woman was struggling feebly, like she was coming out of a stupor. One of the men groaned softly, but neither was moving.

Unsure, he moved to the woman- a girl really, he noticed, and a quite a gorgeous one. Blonde hair that flowed in long curls, a slender, lithe body and a face that was heart-shaped and beautiful even pinched in pain like it was right now. She wore a blue mini skirt and a black top that exposed a whole lot of savory looking flesh. When her eyes wobbled open, they were a piercing blue, and she flinched when she saw him standing so near, and nearly fell.

Jeff caught her and helped her stand up. "Are you okay? What happened- did the building blow up?" A ridiculous notion, but the best explanation he could think of at the moment.

She shook her head as if dazed, then her eyes widened and she looked at the prostrate men. "We have to get away from here!" She pulled away from him and began moving down the hillside. He followed hesitantly.

"But they might need help." He said, glancing back at the men. 

"You idiot! They'll kill you. You disrupted their spell somehow, and we ended up here instead of at the Palace. If we're not gone when they wake up we're both dead."

He followed her almost automatically, his brain reeling. "Wait- I disrupted their spell? Their SPELL? Is this some kind of game show hoax?" 

He looked around him, hoping to see a hidden camera, somewhere, somehow, but all he saw were trees and bushes and the little stream at the bottom of the hill. 

The girl hopped across the stream on a couple of rocks, and began sprinting downstream, moving faster than he would have expected her to be able to. 

If he had any chance of keeping up with her, he had to stop questioning and start moving. She kept up the sprint until she was well into the trees that bounded the stream, and then slowed to a jog. Jeff felt his heart racing from the run, and was glad he kept himself in decent shape. He matched her pace, trying to act like it was no effort at all. 

She glanced over at him a couple of times, and he did the same. Neither was wearing what could pass for work-out togs, but his jeans, t-shirt and Nikes were a little better suited than her attire. She was even barefoot, he noticed, and winced at the thought, although the ground was pretty smooth and free of stones. 

But she kept up the pace easily though, and never seemed to notice any damage her feet might be taking. After a good half hour she steered them into a particularly thick bunch of new pine growth, and they slowed to a walk, going single file. As he caught his breath, he took note again of her body. Her limbs were long and muscular, and her hair trailed down nearly to her ass. And what an ass it was!

She found a small clearing in the close-set pines and stopped- holding up a pre-emptive hand to him. Cocking her head, she listened for several long moments before nodding. 

"OK," She said. "You must be a little confused, huh" She kept her voice low and quiet, but he couldn't see any fear or panic in her eyes at all. In fact, he thought he saw amusement, and maybe something else, something that made him stand a little straighter.

"Uh- yeah." He said. "A couple of questions come to mind. Who are you? Where are we, and how did we get here? Who are those guys? And how do we get home?"

She smiled again. "OK- You can call me Lisa. We're in the woods somewhere South of Avincor, I think. We got here because you screwed up a couple of magician's teleport spell somehow. Those guys on the hill back there were the magicians in question, and they're names are Alain Crowely and Barathas, and they'll both fry you on sight the next time they see you. Let's see, did that cover everything?"

He thought about it for a moment. "I guess so. Except for the part about getting home."

She shrugged. "You just have to find someone with the right spell. I can't help you there, sport. I can move myself around, but not others."

He sat down on the bare earth, thinking. One of his friends could have slipped him some sort of hallucinate, he guessed.

She laughed gaily and sank to her knees in front of him. "Oh, cheer up. We can probably find a dozen mages with the right spell in Avincor. What we have to now is be sure we make it there alive. And get up enough money to pay them for the spell, of course."

He stared at her as his mind raced through all that had happened. Then he just shrugged. What the hell else could he do but go along with this?

"OK, Lisa. What do we do now?"

She smiled, and there was definitely a lascivious twinkle in her eye. "Well, first we have to find out exactly where we are and how to get somewhere safe. Then we probably better check on Alain and his butt-boy, just to be sure they're not sneaking up on us. So we have to get my magic working."

He nodded. "Sounds good. How do we get your magic working?"

"Well," she said, rising to her feet and smiling down at him, her hands caressing her body gently. "You're going to have to give it to me, Stud."

He rose to his feet, somewhat less gracefully. "You mean….?"

She nodded. "My magic is sexually oriented. My batteries are empty, as it were, and there's only one way to get this party started." She dropped again to her knees, this time reaching forward to the fastening of his pants. With skill born of practice she dropped his pants to the ground and pulled his cock free.

"Oh, my." She said. "This is going to work just fine once we get it primed."

"Well," he thought. "Even if this is a drug-induced episode, things are definitely looking up."

She inhaled deeply the aroma of his cock before kissing it lightly, then taking it into her mouth. It quickly grew to full length, but even then she had no problem taking it all into her mouth and throat, and he gasped at the sensation she provided as she bobbed her head rapidly back and forth. She was a masterful cock sucker- more than once she seemed to tell when he was approaching a point of no return, and she would back off and change techniques, from a deep throat to a licking, nibbling approach to an attack on his balls. She used her hands lightly, a soft caress here, a stroke there, and she moaned when she had him deep in her throat, which he found immensely exciting. 

He leaned back, hands on her head as she worked his tool, then she pulled off and stood up. She walked a few steps away and flipped the mini-skirt up. She was naked underneath, and she casually bent forward and grabbed her ankles, shaking her ass at him invitingly. "Come on, Stud. I can't speak the spells while I'm gobbling your meat."

He stepped up behind her and placed his cock at the tip of her engorged cunt lips. With a wiggle of her hips she trapped the bulb of his cock inside her, and he marveled at the wetness and the firmness of that grip.

Growling, he moved closer and reached down to grab her hips. "Slowly, Stud. I have to recite the spell while you fuck me, so I have to keep my breath, and you have to last."

"Uh-huh." He grunted as he shoved deep inside her. Waiting for her spell wasn't his prime motivation at the moment. He began a deep, steady stroking. He threw his head back- god, she was tight! He heard her begin to chant, and listened long enough to know he didn't know the language she was using. And really didn't care, not as long as she felt this good.

After a few moments, she stopped chanting, and began to flex her interior muscles. She was panting along with him now, and he began to lose his rhythm as he pounded harder and harder. 

He felt his orgasm coming on like a freight train and he shouted as he increased his pace to a frenetic stroke. He was lifting her off the ground on the in-thrust, and pulling out to the very knob on the out-thrust. She moaned aloud as she began to come as well, and after a few moments they fell to the ground, trembling. 

"Wow." She said. "Now that's some serious battery-charging. What's your name anyway, Stud?

"So this Avincor is a big city, then?" He said as they walked though the trees. 

She nodded. "One of the biggest on the continent. Nearly half a million people, which is plenty, considering the level of sanitation. It's sort of like the Paris of this world- not the so much a world super-power as the trend-setter for culture and art and architecture, that sort of thing. Some of the best colleges and libraries in the world are there, and that includes magical ones."

"How much money are we going to need to buy the spell to go home? And how are we going to get it?"

She shrugged. "Get a job, I guess. What do you do, anyway?"

He shook his head. "I'm an IT Specialist. Microsoft certified, with a degree in English Lit. on the side. I don't guess that's going to translate to a whole lot of jobs here."

"No. But maybe you could hire on at one of the libraries. Enough books cross over from your world to require translation, and the major written language in use in Avincor is very similar to English in the first place- it seems one of the recent emperors were from your world, or at least spent a lot of his life there."

That was an encouraging thought. "How long do you think that would take to get the kind of money we'd need?"

"Oh, years and years." She said, casually deflating his hopes. "Or we could hire you out as a gigolo in one of the brothels- which is another thing Avincor is famous for. I'd say you'd earn your keep." She said, patting him affectionately on the buttocks. 

He couldn't help but grin, despite the fact that she was toying with him. 

"But there's only a couple of realistic ways to earn the kind of money we're talking about. One is to steal it. The other is to join an adventuring party that has a likely chance at some serious loot."

"An adventuring party? Like in D&D- fighters and caves and dragons and stuff?"

"Sort of. Just from your background on Earth you're going to have some talents that will help. Knowledge of firearms and explosives-even the most rudimentary knowledge you see on TV puts you light years ahead of the locals. First-aid, simple laws of physics, hell-a lot of adventurer types can't even read a map, let alone make one. And what are you, six- two, about two-ten? You're bigger and probably stronger than 95% of the population of this world, and smart too. Don't sell yourself short. We get you some gear, make you into one of the mysterious, multi-talented type, and parties will be clamoring to sign you on, Stud." 

He wasn't so sure, but he kept silent, thinking about it. It sure sounded exciting, but he remembered how his army recruiter had made that sound exciting, too.

The forest petered out at the edge of a wide plain cut by low hills, and they made camp just inside the confines of the trees, where they found heavily laden plum and walnut trees. "We need to stay on our toes, now." Lisa said. "The forest is protected, but out there we're on our own. Keep your eyes open."

"What kind of things do we need to be looking out for?"

"Everything. Orcs, bandits, monsters. Etc, etc. It'll take us most of the day to reach the river, and the other side is patrolled by troops from Avincor, but between here and there is wilderness. In fact, we better re-charge my batteries as much as possible." She said, moving in close at that last part, pulling her top off over her head.

They had fucked furiously earlier. Now they took more time- at least time enough to both get naked in the moonlight. She had a runner's body, lean, not much meat, and smallish, pert tits. He generally liked a more buxom type, but she was undeniably beautiful. 

He nuzzled at her tits for a good few minutes before dropping slowly down to kiss his way to her love-nest. Her cunt was juicy and ready for him, and he found her clit with ease. He licked and lapped and kissed and fondled until she came shuddering against his mouth, then she twisted herself around to engage his cock with her own mouth. He loved sixty-nine: he always thought that if had to die someday, this would be the way to go, but she was almost too good a cock-sucker- he found himself close to the edge in no time at all. He was on bottom, so he just lifted her by the hips off of him and poised her over his cock. It was no big feat- she couldn't way more than a hundred pounds, but she oohed at his boldness and writhed to seat herself on him. 

He lowered her slowly onto him and she began riding him. She spun around to face him without removing herself from him, which almost did him in, and then her eyes caught his, twinkling with delight.

"You could be a witches' best friend, Stud." She said, closing her eyes as a tremor hit her. "We could have me fully charged up in a week at this rate." 



They breakfasted on more walnuts and plums. Jeff was pretty sure he could have brought down a few of the plentiful squirrels or rabbits with a nicely curved stick he found, but neither he nor Lisa had a knife to skin them with. He kept the throwing stick anyway, though.

Less than an hour later they topped a low rise to see a scene of battle being played out before them. A small camp lay in the low valley, and in it a pair of horsemen was circling a trio of fighters on foot. Two other horses were already down, as were several other bodies- which side they belonged to was hard to say. As Lisa and Jeff watched, one of the horsemen charged, and then swerved away. 

As the feint took place, the other horseman spurred in close, and his long curved blade caught the light as it slashed down, driving one of the fighters to the ground. But another struck upwards with a spear and pierced the horseman's armor- he slumped to the ground, taking the spear with him. 

Now there were two fighters on foot against one horseman. 

"Let's go." Lisa said, and began sprinting towards the battle. 

"Wait- which side are we on?" But he followed her lead, staff and throwing stick ready.

One of the footmen appeared to be only a child, swathed in long robes, and the other, who had lost his spear, drew a short, curved sword and positioned himself between the horseman and the child. 

The horseman charged again, and the charging horse trampled straight over the swordsman, though not before the sword plunged into the horse's chest. Rearing, it tossed its rider, who despite his armor, rolled nimbly and came to his feet. Now there was only the de-horsed man and the child, but Lisa was by now only some forty feet away or so, and she shouted and cast her arm forward, and a glowing missile of red light shot forward to strike the horseman, who staggered a bit and turned. 

With horror, Jeff saw the man pull at a holster on his belt, and produce a massive and oddly shaped revolver out and point it at Lisa. The throwing stick was sailing through the air, though he didn't remember thinking of throwing it, and it struck the man on the arm as he fired, knocking the shot awry. 

Lisa gestured again, and a second missile struck the man to the ground. The child rushed forward and plunged a short, gleaming blade into the man's neck, finishing him off. 

Panting, the three survivors looked at each other. 

Then the child smiled, and Jeff realized it was really a very short adult female person. A hobbit, he wondered? "Well met, Allysethe!" She said.

Lisa smiled and half-bowed. "And to you, Lady Maeriadonna. It has been a while."

"And who is this young hero?" The short lady asked.

Jeff looked at Lisa, who smiled and shrugged. He bowed his head as Lisa had done. "Jeff Prince, ma'am. Nice to meet you."

"A prince, is it? How romantic, to be rescued by such a handsome noble!" She looked him up and down again, and he fidgeted uncomfortably. Still, she was a strikingly attractive woman, once you got over the size- she was well shy of four feet tall- and the knowing look in her eye stirred something in him.

"But we must look to my guards first, though I fear the worst. Those were professional assassins, I think, not common bandits. And I think they sought to take me alive."

"Do you have enemies who would go to such extremes, Lady?" Asked Jeff.

"Dozens, my boy, dozens." She chuckled. 

They checked the bodies on the ground. Only one was alive, a thin, dark-skinned man in brown and green. The same sword stroke that had severed his left hand had smashed into his head, where a thin-looking metallic circlet had absorbed enough of the blow to leave him alive, if unconscious. There was little blood from the hand, but the head wound bled furiously. The Lady Maeriadonna administered to him gently as Lisa and Jeff began to haul the dead into two piles- good guys and bad guys. They would burn the good guys in a funeral pyre made from one of the wagons in the camp. The bad guys would be left where they lay.

Jeff queried Lisa about the Lady as they worked: it turned out she was something of Halfling Royalty, and a famous archaeologist, explorer and eccentric. 

There was now a surplus of riding horses, plus one working wagon. They placed the injured man- a half-elf named Arlis, Jeff was told- in the working wagon and broke what was left of the camp. The Lady Maeriadonna- Maer, as she asked Jeff to call her- pitched in with her share of the work like a commoner. 

She would drive the wagon while Lisa and Jeff rode the surviving horses the attackers had rode. Jeff was now a well-armed man: he had appropriated the big revolver, which fired crude cartridges that had to be over .50 caliber- he had fired it twice to get an ideal of the kick and accuracy- of which there was plenty of the first and little of the second. But it fired four shots, and the assassin had a pouch with nearly fifty rounds left. 
