 Saris was a pretty young maiden, buxom and brunette, out picking daisies in a field one day. Humming softly to herself as she picked, she thought she saw something out of the corner of her eye near the forest edge... intrigued, she looked up and saw nothing. 

'Odd', she thought, and then returned to picking her flowers. After a few moments she saw something again in about the same spot. Frowning slightly, she looked up to see a flash of white and gold disappearing into the trees. Curious as a cat, the pretty brunette decided to see just what was coming into the field and then disappearing into the forest.

Running over to the forest where she'd seen the flash of white and gold, she peered around, brown eyes curious, but couldn't see anything. No, wait... there was something... Heedless of the thorns and bushes, and the fact that she was wandering far into the forest, Saris went quickly forward, following the glimpses of white and gold that she was seeing through the trees. Darker the forest got, and the trees thicker... but she was also getting closer to that enticing flicker and so she went forward anyway. Curiosity had always been Saris' besetting sin.

Finally she stumbled into a wide clearing, in the middle of which there was a tree stump. Something nudged her in the back, startled she stifled a scream and turned. Standing in front of her was one of the most wondrous creatures she'd ever imagine... a unicorn. Pure white, it looked like the prettiest of horses with a long flowing mane and tail, it had a long gold horn that spiraled up into a very wide blunt point. She gasped at its perfect beauty, and then gasped again as more crept out beside it, looking around the clearing she could see unicorns coming out from everywhere, ringing the clearing perfectly. They were so beautiful... it made her very glad that she was still a maid that she should get to see this incredible sight, just last week she had been considering giving up her maidenhead to the sweet stable boy, but this was definitely better.

She stumbled back, startled when the unicorn directly in front of her reared a little. A voice echoed in her head, "You have been Chosen..." many voices echoed it, "You have been Chosen... You have been Chosen..." and for the first time she felt fear course through her. Immediately comforting thoughts were around her, reassuring almost like a gentle hug, and she relaxed, knowing that it would be alright.

"What must I do?" her voice echoed oddly in the clearing as she wondered what being Chosen meant.

In her head the voice spoke again, "Lay on the stump."

Confused, but with reassuring emotions all around her, Saris went over and lay on her back on the stump even though her head and legs hung off at awkward angles. Immediately there were several unicorns around her, nudging her with their horns until she turned over onto her stomach. Now her belly and firm breasts were pressed against the wood but her cheek was resting comfortably on it. The unicorn directly in front of her nuzzled her face with its horn, and she felt her skirt lifting up. Gasping, she tried to move but something was holding her down, again the unicorn in front of her nuzzled her reassuringly. She found that she was able to look back over her shoulder, to where a unicorn was approaching the stump, her bum bared to the beast. Holding back tears of confusion she watched as it lowered its head to her bum, then suddenly it pressed forward.

Gasping, she felt the horn enter her pussy, tingling all over with the sensation as the spiral ridges pressed against her pussy walls. Then, sharp pain as the blunt horn broke through her maiden-head, and she cried out with humiliation and distress... what was she doing here? What had she been chosen for? The horn continued to travel up her broken pussy, bringing pleasure in the wake of pain as the ridges massaged her walls. Then it pulled away and she looked back to see her virgin's blood coating the horn of the unicorn.

Suddenly it reared up and placed silver hoofs on either side of her body on the stump, and to her horror she realized that the creature had a huge stallion's weapon, and that it was poised at her once virgin entrance. Trying to get up, she only succeeded in bringing her hips to meet the huge unicorn cock, and she cried out in pain as she was stretched open wide. In front of her the other unicorn nuzzled her cheek again and she was once again filled with reassuring feelings... and something else... some kind of intense pleasure. It felt like it was coming from an outside source, but as it filled Saris up her own body started to respond to the pleasure.

As the huge unicorn cock began to thrust in and out of her bleeding pussy, coated with her virgin's blood as its horn had been, she closed her eyes and gave in to the pleasure that was being artificially placed upon her. Relaxing, she began to enjoy the thrusting as her pussy was stretched by the huge unicorn on top of her, and the need for the artificial pleasure slowly seeped away.

Pressing back against the thrusting stallion, she moaned and closed her eyes, her body felt strange... filled with pleasure and a strange heat that was building between her thighs. Moving in time with the stallion's bucking, she could feel the heat and pleasure building to incredible heights, and finally her body shuddered and she cried out...

... or she thought she did, but what she heard was a high-pitched whinny. Startled, she opened her eyes and realized that her body was no longer on the stump... instead her silver hoofs were placed on the stump as her white body pushed back against the master of the herd. As her orgasm shuddered over her she bucked and whinnied again, the unicorn stallion emptying his huge load of cum into her pussy. 

As he clambered off her and she looked around - exhausted and confused - stumbling a little as she got used to this new body, she again her those voices in her head.

"You have been Chosen... You have been Chosen..." and this time there was a definite feeling of welcome to them. Happily, she shook out her mane and was surrounding by her new welcoming family.

***

To her home village, Saris had run off or been kidnapped... either way she was never seen again, but her parents and the stable boy took comfort in the fact that there was no sign of a struggle in the field where she had last been seen. 

And not long after her disappearance maidens around the area began sighting a herd of unicorns, galloping gracefully through the forest... although none of those pretty maids would be so lucky as to be Chosen.