 My problem with "mind control" stories is that there's usually a blurring of consent at best. Often it's not so much blurred as stomped upon. I often love a lot of the fantasy elements, but that consent issue tends to derail it for me. This story is in part an attempt to thread the needle of mind-control-with-consent.

The first two chapters of this story will straddle the Sci-Fi/Fantasy and Mind Control categories, as it fits well with both.

Tags up front: male-female sex, blowjob, alien, mind control, lingerie, male dominant, psychic powers, public sex, consent, power fantasy

*****

"I always heard a drought ends with a flood, but this seems a little ridiculous." The protective overhang of the security gate offered the first shelter from the rain Kyle had found in almost an hour. He stood astride his motorcycle, now shut off, while the gate guard called in his arrival. Beyond the shelter, unrelenting rain fell from a darkening sky in fat droplets.

"Buddy, this ain't ridiculous," said the gate guard, waiting with his phone held to his ear. He wore blue Navy camouflage fatigues and third class stripes. "This is downright unrealistic."

Kyle grinned back. He had the visor from his helmet up, but taking it off now would be silly. He still had to get wherever his delivery needed to go. The rain made it a miserable ride at the end of a miserable shift. The station in Seal Beach was well out of his usual range, and well into overtime, but Kyle needed the money. He consoled himself with a reminder that it was his last job of the day.

It would be his last delivery for the courier service altogether, too. He just didn't know it yet.

"Okay, you're good," said the gate guard. "Listen, we've got kind of a base security drill going on. It's no big deal, but I can't let you go all the way in. Guess they want your delivery anyway, though. Take it to the admin building over there. Go to the front desk. They know you're coming."

"Right," the young man replied. He fired up his Shadow again and followed the guard's directions. Most of the spots in the parking lot were empty. It was already past six. The Naval Weapons Station might still technically be open for business, but by now Kyle figured almost everyone had knocked off work except the guys stuck with duty like the gate guard. It seemed a hell of a time for drills, but that wasn't his call to make.

He gathered up the bag attached to his back seat and headed up, tugging his chin strap loose by the time he got to the front door. Though he felt cold, wet and uncomfortable, he didn't know just how bad he had it until he stepped inside and couldn't hear the rain anymore. Instead, he heard the slosh of his completely soaked jeans. After forty minutes with his helmet on, Kyle found his short brown hair was still wet, too.

He looked up and saw another man in Navy cammo fatigues. On the wall behind the guard loomed the Navy's seal and the name of the weapons station. "Swear to God, I didn't think it would actually rain," Kyle admitted with a grin.

"You look like you've had a rough day," said the guard.

Kyle felt the cell phone tucked into his inner leather jacket pocket buzz at his chest. He doubted he'd want to answer the text. "Been a rough week, if I'm gonna be honest."

"Hate to break it to you, but this is only Monday."

"Yeah," Kyle huffed. "It's that kinda week."

The guard laughed. "What can I do for you? They said you've got a delivery?"

"Yeah," said Kyle. He unzipped his bag as he walked over to the desk, producing a plastic bag containing a manila envelope sealed in plastic. It felt like the envelope contained a thumb drive, but that wasn't unusual. The messenger service sent him all over the LA area with documents, sometimes on paper and other times on storage devices. He didn't normally make deliveries to military sites, though.

"Says it's for a Dr. Crowder," Kyle explained. "I'm supposed to get him to sign for it if I can."

"Ain't sure if that's possible," said the guard. "They told you about the drill, right? Might be hard to get him down here, if he's even still working. I can usually sign for packages, though, or we can get someone down here for the watch officer. That's, uh—"

Kyle held his hands up. "I did four years myself. Only got out three years ago. I know how it goes."

"Cool. Lemme try to ring him." The guard dialed his phone and waited. "Where'd you serve?"

"San Diego, mostly. I signed up to jump out of helicopters, but one red tape thing led to another. I wound up being a yeoman just so I'd learn how to never get screwed by paperwork again."

"Ah, cool, cool. You glad you got out?"

"Yeah, totally," said Kyle.

"Gotcha. Hey, it's the front desk," said the guard as someone picked up the other end of his call. He turned away to talk.

In that same moment, Kyle's phone buzzed again. This time it sounded like an email, which could be important. He pulled it out of his jacket, only to see both an email and a text on the screen. Neither went the way he'd wanted.

The email began, "Dear Kyle, thank you for a great interview. You are an outstanding candidate. Unfortunately, we have just been informed the nursing position you applied for has been cut..."

"Fuuuck," Kyle groaned. This was the third time he'd run into the exact same problem. He had all the training he needed, but apparently that and three bucks might buy him a cup of coffee. The myth of the "nursing shortage" really was a myth, or at least this was a terrible time to be new at it. Everyone was going through cuts. He'd done all the volunteer work he could afford to build up his experience, too, unless he wanted to get a master's degree. That would mean even more debt. At this point he needed to consider finances. He needed a regular job with a decent salary, and those were in short supply. His resume looked fine; other people's looked finer.

It didn't help that everything he'd experienced as an intern and a volunteer left him thinking twice about the health care industry. Actually taking care of people was great, but watching people struggle with insurance was sickening. He hoped a regular position and a regular paycheck might make those problems easier to deal with, but that regular job clearly wasn't coming.

Then there was the text message he'd wanted to avoid.

"I found a couple books that probably belong to you," read the text from Melanie. "Do you want them, or should I toss them?" A picture accompanied the text: two gaming books and an old novel, all sitting on the floor beside the bookshelf.

In truth, he would've liked to get them, but it just wasn't worth going to see his very recently ex-girlfriend. He didn't need to hear whatever new argument she'd come up with to get back together or how sad she was without him. What she really missed was the support he'd provided. She just wouldn't admit it. "Toss them, thanks," he replied, and then closed the message thread.

He'd have preferred to block her cell and email address entirely. Kyle had put up with a lot to be with Melanie. Too much, in fact, and he knew it. The whole last year of their relationship had been one big emotional and financial drain, but she'd exploited his good nature well enough to keep him around...right up until she hit him in a fit about holiday plans. That ended everything. Kyle gave no second chances after violence.

Now it was all just logistics. He had all his stuff moved out. As soon as they finished their last financial entanglements with the lease and whatnot, he'd block her. If it wasn't for the trouble of navigating their mutual social circles, never speak to her at all. He didn't want anyone stuck with choosing sides or causing a lot of gossip. Hell, most of his social circle had grown out of hers, anyway. Luckily a lot of "her" friends seemed to like him more.

That got him onto other thoughts. He looked at the time and grimaced. Even if traffic magically cleared up right now, he'd be late for his evening plans by the time he got to his friends' place in Long Beach. Besides that, he was dead tired. Moving out, school, and all the work he could squeeze in didn't leave him with time or energy for his social life right now.

He started texting: "Don't know if I'm up for game tonight," he said, sending it off to his table-top gaming crew. "Had to work late and I'm not even done yet. I need to go home and sleep. Sorry if it's a problem."

Kyle glanced up at the guy behind the front desk. He was still on the phone, and gave only a shrug as an update. Then Kyle received a reply from Matt, who ran tonight's game: "No worries. We'll have your character robbed and kidnapped by goblins or something."

"Great," Kyle muttered.

Another text came through, this one from Matt's girlfriend, Lisa: "Is 'go home and sleep' code for a hot date?"

"No dating!" Kyle texted back. "Not for a while. I'm taking a break. No more moping, either. I promise." He half-expected some pressure from the crew, who'd probably assume he wanted to stay home and fret over Melanie or something. Justified or not, it had been a hard break-up. Kyle didn't blow off four years lightly. He'd stayed in Southern California after getting out of the Navy just for Melanie. Still, she wasn't his problem anymore. He had plenty to deal with on his own.

"Well, it ain't like they tell me shit up here," he heard the guard hiss into his phone. The guy glanced up awkwardly at Kyle, then turned away as if it would muffle his voice. "Yeah, I been up here like three hours already and now you tell me? It ain't my fault or Joe's. He didn't know."

Kyle looked out the windows. The rain kept on coming down, but mostly he just saw darkness pierced by pools of light here and there along the parking lot and the driveway to the front gate. If something was going on, it didn't seem to affect the front of the station at all.

Something in the darkness caught his eye. It wasn't much, just a shadow within shadows, but he thought he saw a pair of eyes. They caught the light like a cat's, but they were too big and too far apart to be any kind of critter he'd seen in these parts. The moment had him mesmerized...and then it was gone. A trick of light. Nothing more.

The guard hung up the phone. "I'm sorry, we're not gonna be able to get Dr. Crowder up here. I can sign for it if that works."

"Sure, no worries," said Kyle. He pulled out his electronic pad and called up the delivery order. "Something going on?"

"Nothing you need to worry about, sir." The guard took care of the signature and accepted delivery of the envelope. "They just changed delivery protocol without telling me is all. Guess they should've stopped you at the gate."

"All good. Take care."

Kyle headed outside. He paused outside the door to put on his helmet while he was still sheltered by an awning over the entrance.

Something drew his attention to the left. In the shadows, behind a bush along the wall, he saw that reflective effect again. He stared. It left him feeling weird: nervous yet intrigued, drawn to it while knowing he shouldn't act weird in a place like this. Kyle thought about his own time in the Navy, remembered what people expected and how bases were run...

It understood. Kyle blinked, knowing he imagined that somehow, along with the sensation of fear and desperation in those eyes. They couldn't even be eyes. Still just a weird trick of light. Maybe his brain was playing tricks on him in the darkness. He dismissed the whole thing...but not before thinking through what he knew of the roads around the station. Not before he decided how he'd leave.

Then it was gone again. Kyle blinked it away, practically forgetting about it then and there, and got to his bike again. With his saddlebags secured, Kyle fired up the bike and headed off base. The fastest way to the freeway required a left turn at the intersection past the gate. Kyle turned right instead. He barely even thought about why.

The road ran along plenty of wide, empty space reserved for the station. In the distance, Kyle could see buildings and bunkers, but past the double-layered chain-link and barbed wire fence on the side of the road, it was mostly just grass and rain. Kyle rode along slowly for about half a mile before he pulled over. He felt entirely fine and acted with deliberate care, but a small part of his conscious mind didn't understand why.

Almost no one else came along the stretch of access road. When he saw approaching headlights, he bent down as if to check the chain on his tires. In the back of his mind, he started to question his actions. He felt tense somehow, like he was doing something dangerous, and he knew it, but he also knew it was important. He needed to do this. He'd have to take the risks...but for what, he didn't know.

A dark, spindly, vaguely humanoid shape appeared in the dark field on the other side of the fence. It ran quickly, carrying itself in an odd gait. The strange shape waited at the edge of the fence, staring at Kyle with those eyes he'd seen earlier.

It couldn't be human. Despite the darkness, Kyle saw enough to know the anatomy was all wrong. He thought about "greys" from television and tabloids, and this wasn't too far off, but it was darker and thin. It reached out to him, poking its fingers through the fence.

In the distance, Kyle saw lights. Flashlights, he realized, and headlights. He heard a helicopter, too, and saw its searchlight flash around the station's grounds.

Please, I beg you, rang a voice in his head. It felt vaguely feminine, but more importantly, it felt afraid. I am sorry. You will be compensated. I have no other choice. Please.

Kyle reached forward, taking off his glove without asking himself why. He simply understood it was necessary. His whole hand couldn't get through the fence, but the creature's fingers made it through and curled around his. Kyle felt something electric in that touch, subtle and warm and very much alive. He even saw an odd glow.

He felt a sense of gratitude. Relief. Salvation, even. Then the creature's head tilted backward and it fell in the wet grass.

Kyle felt no sense of alarm or concern at the sight. He was trained to help people in need. He was a compassionate soul. Yet somehow, seeing the alien fall as if dead right in front of him, he felt no worry or alarm. In fact, he felt the opposite: a sense of a mission accomplished, and a terrible tragedy averted.

He ducked away from the fence, put his glove back on, and got rolling on the bike again before the searchlights got too close, or so he hoped.

He almost made it back to Pacific Coast Highway before things got unnaturally bright around him. Kyle looked around, seeing no streetlights or car headlights to explain it. Then he realized the helicopter had its spotlight on him. It didn't last long, but as he pulled out onto the highway he did his best to keep track of the helicopter. It never went far, and more than once he saw the spotlight cross over him as he rode.

Traffic kept moving. Kyle didn't stop or slow down. A helicopter spotlight didn't have the legal impact of a police car's siren or the flash of its reds and blues. Followed or not, nothing was trying to stop him.

His heartbeat picked up as he continued on. He kept his eyes out for police, expecting a squad car or three to appear and pull him over. That train of thought continued, though Kyle didn't put much thought into why. He didn't question what he'd done at the fence with the alien, or why he was so sure he was being tailed. Though his nerves grew stronger, Kyle calmly considered what he could do and where he could go.

Not far off the highway from here was an upscale shopping center. Stores would still be open. He might find what he needed there...not that he could consciously articulate what that was. As if running on instinct alone, Kyle turned off PCH and headed for the strip mall. Naturally, the helicopter stayed in view, flashing the spotlight on him once or twice before he pulled into the rainy parking lot.

He left his saddlebags and helmet all attached to the bike, something he never would have considered at any other time. He'd been robbed before. Yet he walked away in the rain without a second thought, unzipping his jacket and tugging off his gloves as he walked along the shopping center's sidewalk. The helicopter wasn't far.

"The hell am I doing?" he muttered to himself.

I am sorry, the feminine voice in his head said again. I wish there was another way. I have no other choice. No one will be harmed. You will be compensated. Please do not resist. If we are fortunate, this will be most pleasant for all, the voice finished. He heard much more grim urgency in that tone rather than warmth or eagerness.

Something prevented him from panicking, or from asking too many questions. His body felt strange. He felt a hard on forming in his pants, though he hadn't been thinking about sex...or had he? In the back of his mind, perhaps? Kyle continued on, mindfully waiting for the helicopter to swing around out of sight before going into one of the stores. By then, he saw a couple of police cars quietly pull into the parking lot, but hopefully they didn't see him.

He skipped the sporting goods shop, the grocery store, and the restaurant. All of them would have offered plenty of places to hide, and possibly even enough people to provide a distraction. Instead, he kept going until he could slip into the Victoria's Secret on the end of the strip.

Apart from an idle glance from a couple of store attendants, nobody reacted to his appearance. He didn't feel too out of place here. Kyle had been in such shops with girlfriends before, and he was old enough to be over feeling shy about coming in here, anyway. He didn't understand why he was here, though. It had been in the back of his mind on the ride over, he realized: the shop, its wares, and the conversation several women from his social circle had online recently about the chain's very narrow range of sizes.

Most women are too big, too small, or too curvy for Victoria stuff, his friends had said. If you don't fit into a narrow band, none of their stuff fits. They push an inaccurate size scale that leaves everyone uncomfortable. At the time, the whole issue struck him as shortsighted and unfair. Victoria's sure seemed to hold a huge market share for such a narrow-minded approach, but then, what did he know about it? About the only time he'd ever given any thought to the economics of women's underwear was when he had to pick up some relatively unexciting stuff for Melanie because she was out of money to buy it herself.

That narrow scope appealed to him now, though, or at least it appealed to the strange thoughts that seemed to have taken up space in his brain. Kyle wandered over to a table holding various lotions, wondering again what the hell he was even doing here and hoping not to stick out.

He stopped. Closed his eyes. Looked, without looking. No...he searched. Without moving.

He opened his eyes again. Nobody paid any attention to him. His breath grew tense. Wait, urged the voice in his mind. This one may be appropriate. Wait a moment more...a moment more...

"What am I doing?" he mumbled softly. He glanced out the front windows. One of the cop cars rolled past. He didn't think they saw him, but...?

Interest. Arousal. Consent. Go.

Kyle turned and walked to the row of fitting rooms in the back without a second thought. He'd never given it a first thought, either, but he walked as if it were entirely natural. His rock hard cock strained against inside of his soaked jeans, but he kept walking. Bewildered but looking calm, Kyle came to the tall doors.

A pretty salesgirl in a tight black shirt and black pants stood nearby, collecting clothes. She looked up at him as if to ask a question, but it never came out. Instead, the door to one fitting room opened, revealing a good-looking, dark-haired woman somewhere north of Kyle's own age. Her shirt was off; she wore only slacks and one of the store's bras, still bearing its tags. The woman smiled and reached for his hand.
