 Javier felt utterly out of place, in black clothes that didn't feel formal enough. Jacob had led the ceremony in his own living room, even singing a short Buddhist prayer. Javier went up to burn incense when it was his turn, staring dully at Mr. Tanaka's body. They'd found a black kimono to dress him in. Such a pointless death, for a man who might still have lived a long time, to pass on his wisdom. But Javier supposed Tanaka had died believing he'd accomplished what he needed to, in the end.

They mingled awkwardly after the service, nibbling on snacks. Nicola went to check on Mark again, while Esther walked over to Tomiko.

"Selena told me it's customary to leave small items of value to the one being remembered, to burn along with the body. I pulled some blank pages of his notebook, if you think it would be appropriate."

Tomiko nodded, and Esther placed them in the fold of the kimono while she watched. 

"It is safe, still?" she asked.

Esther nodded. "Our friend Kat sent me a message that the state university here in Reno has a copy of the book we need. For now, I'm carrying the notebook personally. I don't know of any safer way to handle it. Perhaps I should destroy it after I translate it. I could do that now, even. I have all the numbers memorized."

Tomiko shook her head. "I can't imagine a safer place for it. I think you should wait at least until you've translated it, and told others its contents. I don't want you to carry all that information yourself, the way Uncle did for so long." She sighed. "Esther, would you come to the cremation with me? For family members, there is a traditional way of handling the ashes afterwards. That book is what remains of my Uncle's life work, and I suppose mine in a way. He chose you as its recipient, even from across the world. I think that makes you family of a sort."

"I would be honored," she said.

* * *

While Jacob and Esther were out with Tomiko, Javier received the message he'd been anticipating with some dread.

"Selena, Nicola, Raj," he called. "Myra Jackson replied." The four of them gathered around to read the text.

 J,

The man was indeed Esteban Castillo. It is a shame we could not capture him alive, but given what was apparently required to kill him, I suspect it would have been nearly impossible. You can tell your friends that they did the world a great service eliminating this man, and I am sorry for their losses. There will not be any further public investigation of his death, which has been tied to a cartel power struggle. 

Your implication that this man specifically targeted those investigating, including other Changed, is intriguing. There are other recent murders that he may be responsible for. If you hear anything about how he or his superiors selected and tracked their targets, it would be of great value in our investigation.

"Huh," said Javier.

"Yeah," Selena said. "Pretty chummy again, isn't she? Telling us they'd cleaned up the murder neatly, exactly what we wanted to hear. I'm sure they did, but that doesn't mean they aren't keeping the evidence for future leverage. What do you think of that last sentence?"

"It was kind of specific," said Javier. "We were only guessing about him targeting investigators. We thought Aaron was killed only to avoid exposing the Chosen. But of course Jackson would be unnerved at the idea of being personally targeted by someone like Castillo, or higher-ups in the cartels."

"Other murders," said Nicola. "I assumed she meant other Changed, like maybe the one in Toronto that Esther sensed. But what if there have already been assassinations of her own colleagues?"

"Then she would owe us a lot more than she's admitting," said Selena. "And have even more reason for keeping the feds away from us, so we could continue doing her dangerous dirty work. But if she thinks we killed Castillo, she would have upgraded her estimate of our capabilities. That could be good or bad."

"I understand why we directed Jackson's attention toward the cartels," said Raj. "But let's not get confused by that story ourselves. Remember what you thought about Aaron's murder? You thought his killer was directed into the middle of nowhere by Unity. It seems Unity itself did a lot to organize Black Christmas, and that it's also partly responsible for the different factions. The hasten-the-apocalypse faction, the keep-Changed-hidden faction, the hunker-down-in-Oregon faction, maybe more. I'm having trouble fitting the Mexican or the cartels into this scheme."

"You're right," Nicola said. "We shouldn't jump to conclusions. And we still haven't discussed how Castillo found us. Castillo obviously had great skills, but Esther would have heard him long before if he'd been tracking us closely. Both Esther and Tanaka were hiding, and Esther thinks Tanaka was also world-class at doing that. Maybe he slipped up at some point, but even Esther hadn't been able to find him before."

"So both Tanaka's and Aaron's murders are pointing towards Unity," Selena said. "Or some similar mechanism that operates differently from Esther's type of perception. We immediately started thinking of the Mexican, because he's the one Tanaka was most scared of. Maybe the Mexican is even more sensitive than Esther, and found us that way. But Tanaka was an obvious target. Aaron wasn't."

Nicola sighed. "What if the Mexican is using Unity? Think how scary someone of Esther's strength would be if she was snatching peeks at the future, and then imagine it as anyone other than Esther."

"I guess maybe we'll know more with Tanaka's notes," said Javier. "We'll have to be patient."

* * *

Selena and Javier wandered the stacks, trying to look like casual browsers, while Esther worked. She'd already memorized the fat Hungarian dictionary, and now she was reading the slim novel more slowly. All of it seemed slow to Javier, who was used to seeing her flip through books at ridiculous speed. But he knew that her memory, while amazing, still had limitations. She could skim a book at lightning speed and retain every detail of the text's meaning. Or she could read a little slower and remember every word in order. Memorizing in a language she didn't know was slower still, and despite inhaling the dictionary, she wasn't a Hungarian speaker yet. 

Esther finally put the book back on the shelf, and then immediately opened her sketchpad to doodle and let her mind process the memories. Finally she looked up and smiled. "I think that was a good book. Maybe I need to learn Hungarian properly. I kept getting distracted, trying to understand the sentences. Anyway, let's find somewhere quieter. You guys are already making me nervous, and there are too many people in here."

In the end they just returned to Jacob's place. Esther started reading the coded notebook as they drove, and Javier was itching to know what was in there. But she said it would be easier to wait until the end, and then she could tell them all together. 

It didn't take as long as he expected. He supposed the cipher was a lot simpler than the one she and Raj had used before. And a lot less secure as well.

"OK," Esther said with a deep sigh. "Tomiko, do you want to hear this?"

"Yes," she said immediately. "Yes, I always wanted to hear it. Uncle thought he was protecting me."

Esther began talking. A few times Javier gasped in astonishment, but mostly it was kind of a jumble. Less illuminating that he had hoped. What had he expected? It was the desperate testament of a man who'd forgotten most of what he knew. He felt his heart begin to sink. Maybe Esther could make more of it.

The details became a little sharper towards the end, and he sat up. Finally Esther looked up.

"That's it?" Nicola asked, and Esther nodded.

"Well," Javier said. "Whatever else, the entire world owes Mr. Tanaka. I can't believe how close it was."

The nuclear strike on India hadn't been an accident, the way the official story went. It hadn't even been a partially failed act of terrorism, the way most people assumed. The remote mountain villages had been the target all along. More specifically, a single individual: Srinivas Gupta.

The notebook talked as though they all knew who this was. It was peppered with partial references to Gupta's assassins, Gupta's plots, even translated snippets of conversation between Gupta and his lieutenants. Tanaka had been able to hear ordinary conversations at vast distances, and Tomiko said he was fluent in over a hundred languages.

"Uncle mentioned Gupta," said Tomiko. "Several times, though he always looked horrified when he let the name slip. More often indirectly. He desperately wanted to tell me things, even though he mostly held back. Uncle thought Gupta was one of the most dangerous men in the world. I think he was a kind of fanatic Indian nationalist. But he was also powerful, the way you are, Esther. He could do things that Uncle didn't understand. Hurt people from great distances, by a mechanism Uncle couldn't hear."

Using a nuclear weapon to kill Gupta seemed like horrifying overkill to everyone, but as far as Tanaka could guess from his fragmented memories, it had been part of an even more complicated plot, something coordinated by Yau, another extremely dangerous Changed man from China. Yau had simultaneously begun to aid radicals in Pakistan and had succeeded in altering China's nuclear posture towards a direct retaliation against India in the event of an attack on Pakistan. Then Yau himself had been assassinated a week before Black Christmas, though Tanaka didn't remember the details. 

"And Tanaka says the Defense minister of India was one of Gupta's allies," said Raj. "I knew that minister was pushing India towards aggressive nuclear weapons use. He was arrested after the attacks, and the rumors were he collapsed during those crucial minutes. I've been guessing that provided a crucial bit of confusion within India, and it pushed the decision about their response to someone less militant. I don't understand what Yau was trying to do, but it sure looks like Tanaka's intervention stopped a vastly bigger nuclear war. At least hundreds of millions of dead. Maybe billions."

Javier had known all this, intellectually. But he was transported again to that hour in the basement of Esther's farm house. Wondering if the world was going to end.

"Compared to that, all the terrorist attacks seem like nothing," he said. "As terrible as they were. If there's a pro-apocalypse team, it's hard to believe Yau wasn't the captain. Or at least the most effective of them all. I guess we should be relieved he's out of the picture. But it doesn't make any sense. Why now? Was he part of Unity, too? He and Gupta, as powerful as they must have been?"

"Honestly," said Selena. "The more we hear, the more it sounds like no one was really at the wheel. Remember how Raj said India and Pakistan could have done something like this even without the help of Changed? It still seems true. Maybe some people in Unity foresaw whatever Yau and Gupta were gearing up towards, even without knowing the whole picture, and they adjusted the timing of whatever their own plots were."

"I hate that thought," said Nicola. "I've been starting to think that Unity is like a big mindless creature of its own, created and fed by the Changed, but stumbling around and dragging us with it. How could we even fight something like that?"

"What really bothers me is the fact Tanaka never even mentioned Unity in his notes," said Esther. "I should have asked him, when we had the chance. Tomiko, did he ever say anything about it? The Chosen?"

She shook her head. "I have no idea what you're talking about."

Esther gave a very brief summary of what they knew, and Tomiko nodded slowly.

"Oh, he did say a little. He said there was some kind of religion, and it seemed like a fair number of the ones you call Changed belonged to it. A lot of small groups, scattered around the world, keeping very secret from everyone. He didn't understand where it had come from, or what their ceremonies meant, but they seemed pretty harmless. Kept to themselves. I don't think he said anything about them in at least ten years, but he had gotten a lot quieter about everything."

"I wonder if the Mexican, or whoever attacked him, specifically attacked those memories?" said Nicola. "Abuela was able to do that. And the Chosen knew how, as well."

"Still," said Javier. "He fretted to Tomiko about Yau and Gupta. Surely he'd have said something more if he was truly worried about the Chosen."

But Esther was shaking her head.

"No," she said. "It makes some sense. Abuela never mentioned the Chosen or Unity to me, either. Even the memory in her sculpture was only about the incident with Benjamin. The Oregon Chosen were hard for me to sense in their ancient place, but Diana said they'd only been there about fifteen years, and they used to live in the farm they retreated to. Abuela would have been able to sense them there quite easily, I'm sure. And as far as we know she never intervened the way she did with Benjamin. They must have been behaving the way Tomiko said. Not influencing the world outside, at least not in obviously problematic ways."

"Something changed," said Nicola. "Maybe Tanaka couldn't sense it, or maybe he just didn't talk about it, and then the attack erased his memory. But I think we have to find out what changed."

* * *

The others were still back at Jacob's place arguing over what Tanaka's revelations had meant, and Jacob was away attending to a critically ill parishioner. His ministry never stopped.

Esther sat down on park bench with Tomiko. It was clear the woman was at loose ends. 

"I can't pay you back," Tomiko said. "I won't even be able to pay the bill for the rental car. I couldn't see anything except the next step. One thing, then another. We'd exhausted our savings, back in Japan. I'd started to do some cleaning in town, just to make a little money for food."

"The money will not be a problem," Esther said. "My teacher, Abuela, accumulated a fortune over her lifetime. We will provide for your needs, whatever they are. Your return trip, your retirement—"

"Retirement," Tomiko said dully. "Esther, how old was your teacher when she died? Uncle said the man who contacted him all those years ago wasn't much younger than he was, and he called her grandmother."

"Abuela," Esther said with a smile. "Keith really was her grandson. Abuela was over a hundred and seventy-five, but we don't know exactly."

Tomiko tried to digest that.

"And she was killed, wasn't she? She didn't die of natural causes. That was what Uncle guessed."

"Yes. Though she was aging. She claimed her body and mind were starting to give out on her. But she was pushing herself so hard. I suspect she might still have lived a long time, with more rest and exercise."

Tomiko nodded. "Uncle wasn't nearly as old as that," she said. "But he hardly seemed to age. He's been ready to die so long, but he still never got sick. The way he looked at me sometimes, I knew what he was thinking. He was terrified that he would outlive me. He thought he was done with life, but he wasn't. And what he gave you wasn't what you hoped it would be, was it?"

Esther swallowed. She didn't know how to respond to that. Of course they'd expected too much of Tanaka's notes. 

"It is independent information," she said. "It tells us something of history. You have to understand, we're so ignorant. Abuela died before she could give us much. The notes will help a lot when we understand the larger picture. And what does it matter, anyway? Perhaps his life work was saving billions of people from nuclear war. Perhaps it was raising you. He was a wonderful man."

Tomiko half-smiled, acknowledging Esther's attempt. "He was a terrible parent," she said. "And even worse as my dependent. I miss him so much."

* * *

When Esther arrived, Jacob had returned, and they'd switched to arguing about Mark.

"He's safe to be moved," Nicola said. "Do you think I'd take a risk on this? And he'll be more comfortable up in the woods. I know Mark. His body will feel at home, and he'll heal faster. I'm sure of it."

Javier looked at Esther, as though she was the best one for this decision. 

"I think we have to trust Nicola on this," she said. Sure enough, that ended the argument. 

"Tomiko, I don't have much room, but would you like to stay with me for a while?" Jacob asked. "Until you know what you want to do next."

"You've been very kind," Tomiko said. "All of you. Yes, Jacob, I think I would like that. I will sleep on the couch, of course."

The two of them were still having a polite discussion over that issue when the rest of them finished loading Mark into the truck. Raj said his goodbyes when they finished. He was heading back to the Bay, to take care of his house and check on the Kuznetsovs again.

The rest of them shared a tired dinner up at the Shack. Afterwards she and Javier tried to be intimate, but she wasn't much in the mood, and Javier's body wasn't cooperating at all. He'd been badly shaken by the killing, and Esther didn't know what she could do for him. Nicola had been the same after being forced to kill Andrew, and it had taken her a long time to get back to herself.

She floated in otherspace while Javier succumbed to sleep. Tanaka's notes would help, she knew. There were other people and groups he'd mentioned, and she could start looking for them herself. But the larger patterns were still beyond her understanding. Maybe Selena was right, and there was no one at the wheel. That was a terrible scenario for the Changed. She hoped it wasn't true. The governments of the world would keep looking for those responsible, and never be convinced they'd found them.

Selena was sleeping now as well. Only Nicola awake, lying next to Mark on their big bed. Despite the pair's closeness, Esther knew Mark had been uncomfortable not to have his own bed at the Shack. Maybe it was his old worry, that he might hurt her when he wasn't fully aware. Probably even Mark didn't understand it. But now Nicola was holding him tight, whispering things he wouldn't be able to hear.

Finally Nicola sat up, looking towards Esther's room. She wouldn't know if Esther was awake, but it was an obvious invitation. Esther slipped out from beside Javier and padded silently over to Nicola's room, sitting on the bed next to her.

"Mark kept prodding me to share senses with you again," Nicola said after a while. "I never imagined it would be under those circumstances. It was still so easy with you."

Esther nodded, leaning against Nicola. "It wasn't like Unity, was it?"

"No," Nicola agreed. "It felt terrible. Do you know, part of me even worried I was going to be aroused by it, at that awful time. I've been such a fool, Esther."

"I'm always here. And I learned so much as well. We're a good team."

"Javier is right," Nicola said. "It was a miracle. I feel like we should have to pay something for it. Bringing people back from the dead is always a terrible idea, in every story."

"That's all CPR is, though," said Esther. "Or emergency surgery. We just found a different tool."

"A different tool," Nicola agreed. "A fucking scary one. I don't want the responsibility. Did you know I spent all last night on the computer at Jacob's? Reading the internet, trying to find information about this kind of injury. My head is stuffed with it, and I don't know if anything even translates for Mark's body. Everything I read said that Javier is right, that we should have gotten him to a hospital as soon as possible, that he's likely to have permanent damage, at least partial paralysis. But maybe none of that applies to Mark. I can feel the way his blood vessels and nerves are healing, and I have to assume it's safest to let him do this on his own. He recovered perfectly the other times, from terrible injuries. But what if his brain was injured, from the swelling and the loss of oxygen? What if he's not up to fixing this?"
