 Author note: Chapter 1 is here in Sci-Fi/Fantasy. Chapter 2 is in Mind Control. I felt like this blends elements of both, though with a lot more care for consent than I usually see in MC.

Tags up front: male-female sex, blowjob, alien, mind control, submission, male dominant, psychic powers, consent, power fantasy.

*****

"I'm only partly with Emily right now, and only for the moment," said Xin, speaking through Emily's body. She lazily draped herself against Kyle's side on top of the bed. "It's consensual, although she's not entirely conscious of it the way you are. She'll be fine. I wanted to talk this out with you to let you process it rather than communicating it all in a psychic download."

"I should freak the fuck out right now," said Kyle.

"But you're not," replied Xin/Emily. Her hand roamed his sweat-slick chest and abdomen. "And I'm not doing anything to keep you calm. So why aren't you freaking out?"

He raised an eyebrow at her question, but soon realized the point of it. "I don't need to. You aren't hurting anyone. You've said you'll leave if I want. And you haven't made me do anything I didn't really want to do...except maybe that bit at the Navy station."

"Yeah, I'm sorry about that. I was desperate. Most of this has been out of desperation. Even all the fucking. Much as I've enjoyed it, that's been necessary, too."

"Who...what are you?" Kyle asked. "Are you an alien? Is this all in my head? Or in Emily's now? What the hell is going on?"

"You have a lot of questions. It might be best if I just explain." Her fingers kept trailing his body, but she mindfully avoided the more sensitive turn-on spots.

"My name is Xin. My people are from worlds very far from here. We have visited Earth for study more than a few times in the past, but we've never done anything to interfere with your development. I got pretty fond of your planet and humans along the way.

"I came here on my own a few weeks ago. Things...didn't go well. By your people's standards, my race is hyper-intelligent and vastly advanced, but even we have our fuck-ups sometimes." She noted the quirk of his eyebrow and met it with a smile. "As I said, I absorbed your language and cultural frame of reference, and now Emily's. Talking like this feels a little more natural now that I've had time to process it. You don't have to worry about educating me about Earth matters. I've got much the same understanding of Earth as you and several other people already." She grinned a little. "I'm female, by the way, since I know you're wondering. Or at least I'm a very close analogue. You might be surprised how many species out there follow a sexual reproduction model like yours."

"Okay. Go on. Something got fucked up?"

Xin sighed. "Yeah, I underestimated your Navy's technology and their response. They shot my ship down and fished me out of the wreckage before everything sank. Then they brought me to that station and started studying me." Emily scowled. "I don't want to go into it, but let's just say that was some nightmarish stuff. Most beings would be completely traumatized by it all. My people are more detached, but I was still pretty frightened."

"They just skipped straight to the crazy X-Files shit?" Kyle asked.

"Not straight to it, but it played out a little like you'd imagine from your TV shows, yeah. The rational people with a conscience got overruled and pushed out and the paranoid assholes with all the 'extreme measures' took over. It was a pretty bad scene. 

"On the bright side, they didn't get much out of me before I escaped. My people are primarily psychic entities. We have bodies for the sake of convenience, but we don't need them like you do. The body they captured and which you met at the station was synthetic. Ditching it was always part of my plan. No great loss."

"So you don't need a body at all?"

"Sort of. With a little preparation, I could survive as a free-floating consciousness, but that's a serious drag and it's a pain in the ass to transition back from that. On the other hand, if the body I inhabit dies, there's a real chance I go with it, too, just like you do. I could shut out the pain and deprivation from my captivity, but if the body collapsed altogether that's serious danger. Like I said, the whole thing was frightening.

"The crash messed me up. I didn't really have my act together until they had me in their little lab at the station, and even then my powers were very weak. They studied me and I studied them back, but it wasn't until this morning that I escaped."

"This morning? You were running around the station that whole time?"

Xin nodded. "Staying mobile and hidden was about all I could manage. That, and scouting for a new...well, host. And just like with the crash, not everyone I ran into was some awful TV villain type. Most of the people at that station had no idea they had an alien on site. That's why they allowed things like your delivery. The creeps running the lab didn't want anyone on the base getting suspicious."

"So, what do you have to do now?" Kyle asked. "Get back to your ship? Are you on a mission?"

Emily/Xin's lips twitched with an amused smile. "The ship was set to self-destruct in such an event in order to prevent the capture of technology. It was effectively as disposable as my previous body. This might sound funny, but my race observes an ethic very similar to your Star Trek's 'prime directive.' We don't want to interfere with the natural development of your race. It's no great problem for your government or other small groups to have brief alien encounters. We've blown that secret already, as have other races. But my people don't want our technology or biology changing the course of your scientific or cultural development.

"As for a mission..." Emily/Xin's smile came back. She seemed almost bashful. "So it turns out I'm here on vacation. A long vacation."

He blinked. "Wait, what?"

"Like I said, I've been here for study more than a few times over the last few hundred years. I...sorry, I guess that's something else I should mention. My people live a very long time. We're interested in how other species develop, so we've visited and studied. Most of it is distant observation. Sometimes we come down for closer study and secret interaction. Not the scary abduction stuff you've heard of. We're much more gentle than that." She bit her lip again. "Okay, there was one accident with one cow and I still feel really bad about that, but we've never left any humans hurt or traumatized, I promise.

"The thing is, I like humans. I like the way you feel, psychically. And physically, when I'm in deep enough to feel things. Your emotions, your sensations, all that. And...I love human sexuality. A lot. I can charge up with the psychic energy from human emotions. Sex is the best of all, because it brings two people into such close contact and with such intensity that I can soak in all those feelings and sensations from both at once. It's kind of the best thing ever."

"Okay. And you're here on vacation?" Kyle asked. "So wait, you're an alien sex tourist?"

"Yep!" she laughed. "Pretty much!"

"You've gotta be kidding me."

"Hey, I plan to get in plenty of incidental study of your race and your planet along the way, but it's still a vacation. And no, this isn't common among my people at all. I'm probably the first to ever pick Earth for a vacation spot. My people aren't as enamored with human sexuality as I am. Most of my people have very different interests" Her lips turned into a naughty smirk. "I might be kind of a pervert. Or maybe you could say this is my kink if you don't want to get judgmental. Whichever one turns you on."

Kyle paused. Her flirtatious tone seemed completely natural given their circumstances, except she wasn't Emily. She was Xin, and that was a different matter, wasn't it? "Are you hitting on me?"

"We're about as intimate as we can be at this point, Kyle," Xin told him. "Maybe in a one-sided way, I grant, but...well, if you'll trust the intuition of a psychic entity infusing your whole body and your mind? We're gonna get along wonderfully. I scanned you at the station to make sure you were an acceptable temporary host, but the longer I've been here the more I think we'd be good together for the long term." She stroked his chest and abdomen as she smiled at him with glittering eyes. "I'm really hoping you'll let me stay with you. I like you a lot and I think you'll like me. Plus I think we've already had the best icebreaker we could ask for," she added as her hand slipped down to his groin.

Kyle knew his natural reaction should have been one of disbelief, but it didn't come. He did believe all this. It was happening. And he couldn't deny she felt good, both physically and in a strange emotional sense. He felt comfortable with her already, but also intrigued and a little excited by her. Perhaps it was the lovely face and body she inhabited, but he felt the spark. And she had to know he felt it, too. "Okay, so what's the deal?" he asked.

"I know you're looking for a new job. A career. That's exactly what I want to offer you, because I'm gonna be here a long time by your standards. Think of it as being my professional host and vacation companion, Kyle, except maybe more of a partnership than a boss-employee relationship. And a lot warmer and friendlier. I'll always be with you, but there are ways to give you your space when you need. Sort of. We'll work it out."

"I'm not sure how that would pay the bills," Kyle frowned. "I mean, unless..." He glanced around the hotel room that he wasn't paying for. "Unless you've got a plan for that?"

"So another thing you should know about me is that I have what you'd call incredible psychic powers," she grinned. "Like I said, I'm infused into all of your cells, Kyle. Give me a couple days and you'll be the healthiest guy on the planet by far. Your body will function at peak efficiency. You're gonna have youth and longevity other people would kill for. No diseases. No creating unwanted pregnancies, either. And your sexy bits will function way beyond 'peak' efficiency," she added, her fingers sliding along his cock. "But that's just what goes on with your body.

"You've already seen some other expressions of my powers. I can read minds, manipulate people, make people ignore you. All that and more. This here with Emily is a bit of a stretch right now because I'm a little worn out, but normally? Child's play. Everything I've done so far is usually the easy stuff, especially when it leads to a good recharge the way sex does for me.

"Don't worry, I'm a good guy," she added, winking. "That's why I had to run around looking for someone until I found you. I needed someone morally compatible. Many people would abuse the things I have to offer if given the chance. You're considerate. You want things like this night with Emily and your fun with Rebecca to be mutual, not selfish. That matters to me.

"My biggest limit is consent. That's a moral issue for me and my people, not a functional block on my powers, but it's the most important limit. To you or an outside observer it might look like mind control, but it's much more cooperative and consensual than that. I don't just barge into someone's mind and take over. I'm more of a persuader and a seducer. It happens fast and I can do it without someone being fully conscious of it because it's all telepathic, but I can negotiate someone into happy, eager submission pretty quickly. I take their worries into account and reassure them, I offer rewards...all that.

"Emily here wanted this. She wanted a chance to let go and just be completely sexual. Rebecca back at the lingerie store, too. We turned up unexpectedly and normally they wouldn't even consider it because of practical and social concerns and inhibitions and all that, but that's where I go to work. Telepathy lets me sort through all that fast. I let them understand that the opportunity is real, that they're safe, that they can just let go and everything will be fine...and they do. Maybe I nudge a little, but you might be surprised how many people really want to let go and just be completely sexual sometimes. And it works out because I make good on my promises."

"You mentioned rewards?" Kyle asked.

"Besides the awesome sex?" Xin laughed. "You really shouldn't underrate that. The sex is a reward in itself. You're the best thing either of them have had. By far. Either one of them would feel like that's more than enough. But like I said, I'm infused in all of your cells, Kyle. Even the ones you've just pumped into Emily. I'm clearing up health concerns for her right now. Not as thoroughly as yours, but she'll be better off for this, and she knows it. Subconsciously, at least. I can't straight out tell her because I can't reveal myself to her, but she'll know.

"I'm merged with you, Kyle. Fused. I thrive on your sexual energy and your partner's. The good news for you it has to be real for you. I could give you different urges, but that's no good. I want to feel your enjoyment, so it has to be yours...and your partner's, like I said. But I can amplify that and let you and whoever you're with get really crazy. And I can use my powers to make our life together comfortable and luxurious as long as it doesn't change humanity's development.

"You asked what I want to do on vacation?" Xin stretched Emily's lithe body against his, reminding him of all her pleasures. "I want to fuck and I want to rule, Kyle. I want to have a great time with my powers and I want to obsess over sex and fun. I want to feel you enjoying all that. You and whoever you're with. Everyone you're with.

"I want you to enjoy my powers with me. I want to live out your craziest fantasies with you." She stroked him again, grinning wickedly. "We're gonna build a harem, Kyle. A big, enthusiastic, loyal harem straight out of your most unrealistic dreams, and I promise they'll love it as much as you do. Willing and thrilled about it. All you have to do is let me stay...and be my companion."

Xin/Emily leaned in and kissed him, clearly sensing and sharing his rising desires. His hands slid around her, pulling her naked body against his as he lay on his back. She had him completely turned on again.

"How long will you be here?"

"Oh, at least a century and a half," she said, and then grinned at him as his heart beat hardened. "Maybe more if I decide to extend my stay. And yes, I'm keeping you for the entire run. I'll keep you young. Unless you get tired of it. But I don't think you will."

"How crazy is this gonna get?" he asked.

"Fucking insane."

"How am I supposed to say no?" Kyle grinned.

"You're not," Xin murmured. "I knew you wouldn't. You're up for another adventure in your life. And you've wanted someone to be intimate with like me." She kissed him again, deeper this time. The kiss sealed their agreement.

"What do you want to do first?" he asked.

"You and I both need some rest. What I want is to retreat back into your mind," she said, stroking his hairline. "And Emily wants more of this cock."

Emily's eyes fluttered. Soft, pleasant sensations ran through Kyle's mind in those moments as he felt Xin's focus return. She'd never left him, really, but he understood the transition as it happened. When Emily's eyes opened fully again, he knew it was only the young woman looking back at him and not the alien.

Emily grinned. Kissed him. And slid over his body.

You don't have to do anything for her, Xin encouraged him as Emily straddled him and guided his cock to the wet folds between her legs. Just relax and enjoy her. It's what she wants.

"Mmh, God, this is the best," Emily moaned as she sank down onto his cock again. She was wet and ready enough to take him all in a single, slow penetration, her body trembling against his as she accepted his length.

"Kinda how I feel about it," Kyle replied. His hands slipped over her hips to lazily claim her ass. He didn't urge her or squeeze hard. He simply wanted to enjoy the feeling as she rode his cock in a sensuous and indulgent fuck.

Only the beginning, Kyle. Only the beginning.

* * * * *

The hotel room offered a plush loveseat large enough to stretch out on. The still-in-repairs balcony offered a view of the harbor at night without any railing on the other side of the glass door. Emily offered another long, devoted blowjob. Kyle took advantage of all three.

Her eyes fluttered on occasion as her head bobbed up, dragging her tight lips along every inch of his cock like she didn't want to let go. Kyle saw deep pleasure in those eyes as well as an urge to please him. They fluttered closed as she sank back down along his length.

She's loving it as much as we are, Xin sighed in his mind.

What do we do after this? Kyle wondered. He thought about his job and his tiny studio apartment still waiting to be fully unpacked...not that he really wanted to live there, but it was his. All the stuff there was his. He had friends, too. A social circle. Hobbies. A life.

We don't have to walk away from your life. Not the parts you want, anyway. You don't need the job anymore, though. You work for me, and that job involves what we're feeling right now. We'll deal with things like money in the morning. As for the rest of your life, we'll keep the parts you want. The friends and the hobbies. But we can make them sexier.

I'm not sure you're gonna find my hobbies entertaining, he thought. You're a real-life psychic alien and I'm a nerd into live-action roleplay and...

Images filled his mind. He found himself in a comics convention. Everything felt real: the noise, the air, the conversation. This was last year's convention, where he'd lucked into tickets from a friend who couldn't go. The only difference was a subtle shift in the crowd to give him a little space rather than the shoulder-to-shoulder herd he remembered.

That, and more importantly, the smoking hot blonde in the Harley Quinn costume turned in the crowd to look at him. She grinned, sliding through the mob to slip up against him and lick his neck. "This seems more than entertaining enough for me," she whispered hotly into his ear.

He turned his head to look at her, but then she was gone. So was the crowd, and the convention.

"I think we dodged 'em," whispered Tori. She hid behind trees and bushes with him, wrapped in a cloak of her own make and dressed a post-apocalyptic costume she'd bought from thrift stores and "stressed" herself to make it look ragged. The gunmetal grey weapon in her hands didn't look entirely like the Nerf gun it truly was, but that was all part of the costuming rules here.

Kyle didn't know her well. She was one of the newer players at their huge live-action zombie hunting game. Tori was a very pretty brunette, with a slender body and a vibrant personality. Melanie already didn't like her, probably out of jealousy...except Kyle didn't need to care what Mel thought anymore. The only time Kyle had spent with her was this moment when they'd both been chased into the bushes by a crew of guys in zombie make-up who'd threatened to bring them down with foam clubs and brutal game rules.

When the "zombies" moved on, Tori did, too. At least, she had when they first had this run-in at the game. This time, Tori's eyes lingered on him for a moment. Her lips spread into a naughty grin. She leaned in close, reaching for Kyle in his costume of shredded cargo pants and denim. "Want to hang out here a while?" she asked as her hand slid up his inner thigh toward his groin.

"Kyle, it's your turn," said Lisa's voice.

He found himself sitting at a dining room table covered with rulebooks, dice, and a map. Across the table sat his friend Lisa in a low-cut top. To his left was her boyfriend, Matt, sitting behind the tri-fold cardboard game master's screen...except wasn't Lisa the one running this game? Shouldn't she be the one behind the screen?
