 They said things would never be the same. The knife edge of a moment, separating the world of the past from the uncertain world to come. 

Of course, it was more than a moment. The Black Christmas attacks had occurred across hours at least. If Esther and the others at the party had been listening to the news they would already have heard about the first huge blackouts in China, swiftly followed by attacks on major Internet and phone hubs worldwide. Even some satellites had been disabled.

And then the nuclear missile from Pakistan, India's response, and the sudden spread of blackouts and other attacks on infrastructure. The airliner that plunged into the Atlantic, after barely missing the White House. London's largest bombing yet, in a subway tunnel, and other bombings. Berlin, Kinshasa, Toronto, Adelaide, Riyadh. The nerve gas attacks in Tokyo and New York City.

A broad range of terrorist and separatist groups claimed responsibility for various actions, though none pretended to have orchestrated everything. The level of coordination seemed impossible, and indeed there were already anonymous leaks to American media that the intelligence agencies had suspected something was coming. But conspiracy theories were running wild, and why not? It was the biggest conspiracy in history.

The nuclear missile had struck a remote location in the mountains of northern India. It had still probably killed over ten thousand people in a small cluster of villages. A tragic accident, according to the Pakistani government, in one of their few official statements.

Raj said it was only the remoteness of the target that had moderated India's response. "It would have been millions dead in Delhi, instantly. Vastly more if they'd sent all of their missiles. And then Pakistan would have been flattened as well, perhaps with help from America, and China or Russia might not have let that stand—oh, it's terrible to think this is a best-case scenario, but it could have been so much worse."

Phone lines were still mostly non-functional, cellular service everywhere overloaded or awaiting repair, and their only access to the Internet was at Kat's computer lab down at San Jose State, running on backup generators and a slow satellite uplink. Luckily she let them in at night to avoid the crowds. Raj hadn't yet heard from his parents, but he was no longer greatly worried. Mumbai was far from the nuclear strike, and aside from communications outages it hadn't been directly affected by other attacks.

The North Bay fires were the worst of the disaster in America, and among the worst anywhere. The official death toll was over four thousand, and it was still rising, though the fires were slowly coming under control. But in some ways the sarin attack on the New York subway was just as terrifying. There had been other deadly fires, and the widespread blackouts all alone were proving capable of killing people. The modern world wasn't designed to be without power, and it had already been three days.

Three days. Esther couldn't afford to be blind any longer.

* * *

Javier held her tight until she relaxed enough to take the plastic pencil case out of her mouth. Having her clamp her teeth on that had been Grace's reluctant suggestion. Everyone hated this as much as Javier, but it was impossible to stop Esther once she'd decided something. They'd made her take a high dose of aspirin, for what little good it might do.

"I found them," she said, wiping sweat from her forehead. "They're sitting in the bath together. Cold water, I'm sure. The pain must be awful but they seem otherwise all right. I tried to send Nicola a message but I doubt she noticed."

Selena nodded. "For me it's nearly tolerable now. They can probably handle it. But my senses are still overwhelmed."

Selena had retrieved her car yesterday, and she was planning to make the long trip up to the camp the next morning, detouring around the blockages on I-80. At least she'd have access to her plane once she got up there, assuming the airport was dug out from the snowstorm and any other damage.

"Don't do that again," said Javier, stroking Esther's forehead. "You can wait. If you're still this disabled, so is everyone else."

"No," said Esther. "Only those with great sensitivity. I wish I could understand how this got around my defenses. Like an ancient place, but even those I can resist now. I can probably do the same with this vision, if I can just tolerate it for long enough."

Javier shook his head, but Esther lay back on the bed, putting the pencil case back in her mouth. All he could do was hold her tight as she closed her eyes to torture herself again.

The first time she'd let out a muffled moan. This time was worse. Just whimpers, her body shaking with effort. He'd give her five more minutes, and then he'd shake her or kiss her or do whatever he needed to get her back.

She let out a last grunt and opened her eyes, gratefully accepting the cup of water Javier offered.

"I think I did it," she said. "A kind of temporary solution, anyway. You'd call it a hack. But I'm too exhausted to do anything else. I can sense all of you, though, faintly. The Watch. Everyone's all right. Geoff's driving back from Las Vegas."

"OK," said Kat. "That means you get to rest now and let Javier's Mamá stuff you with food."

There were gasoline and propane shortages, and everywhere was sold out of grills and camping stoves. But in a back corner of the basement they'd found a functional old gas grill and, somewhat alarmingly, a mostly-full twenty pound propane tank. It was the first useful thing to come of the mess down there. 

Over dinner they discussed the latest news. Power was back on in New England, after routing around a dozen burned substations. The British government had issued several belligerent statements, promising they'd find the perpetrators and demanding international cooperation despite having spent the last six months burning bridges with the rest of Europe. Still, everyone needed to know who was responsible.

The American government was unnervingly quiet about the whole affair, simply promising there were ongoing investigations. There was a leaked recording of the frantic exchange between the ground and the airliner that nearly hit the White House, including the last rantings of the pair of men who had hijacked it. They seemed to be radical Bosnian Serbs incensed over the NATO intervention. One of the men had suddenly screamed in agony, and the plane's course wobbled. It was just enough to save hundreds of people in the White House, including the president, vice president, and other politicians attending a Christmas party. But the two hundred dead on the aircraft would have dominated Americans' thoughts, if there weren't so many other disasters.

Dozens of people around the world had come forward to say they'd felt the atomic bomb blast, and there were even more second-hand reports of people fainting or experiencing sudden pain. Was it divine intervention? A symbol of the connectedness of the modern world? Alien transmitters implanted in people's brains? Ordinary coincidence, remembered only because of the Black Christmas events? 

"Whoever sent that vision is going to be in trouble," said Mamá, serving herself more potatoes. "A lot of people will be looking for them. People upset at the pain, upset because their plans were messed up, or because now other people suspect them. Like that Australian politician who collapsed while giving an interview."

"I know," said Esther. "I'm going to try to find the sender, when I can. And I worry about the way Changed people were exposed. The public doesn't know what it meant to be hit by the vision, and even many of the Changed wouldn't have known. But I'm sure some governments will have figured it out. And they might assume everyone affected is a potential terrorist."

Javier frowned. "Probably exactly opposite the effect the Chosen wanted. Or whoever it was. I wonder what they're thinking in the Oregon colony. Surely it hasn't worked out how they expected."

"Not yet, at least," said Kat. "I have a bad feeling things are nowhere near finished."

* * *

Esther opened her eyes and smiled at Javier's sleepy face. She ran her hands down his naked back, resting them on his butt the way he liked. He sighed and stroked her lightly on the back. His penis started hardening against her, but she was sore, so she reached down to stroke him gently. It had been a wild evening, the best sex they'd had since doing it with Nicola and Mark up at the cabin. Barely a week ago, and it felt like eternity.

Before last night, she'd been missing her senses, and trying to make sex work had been hopeless. Even now things were slightly askew, a side effect of the strange double vision she had in otherspace. It was the slight disconnection from her body, the careful distance she had to keep to avoid the still-potent effects of the vision. But apparently it was good enough to get her the orgasm she'd needed so badly. She'd rubbed herself a bit too hard in the process. If she really lubricated properly, like Nicola ...

She stopped going down that avenue. That's what the tube of lube was for, as Javier always said. And now he was murmuring something indistinct, and he carefully removed her hand from his penis.

"A little too much," he admitted, kissing her. "That was wonderful, earlier."

"Yeah," she said. "I'm a bit sore. Could you hold me while I meditate? I won't be long."

Slow her breath. Relax her muscles. Prepare her mind. Hold Javier as an anchor. 

She burst free into otherspace, keeping herself clear of the searing vision. She had a single target this time. Carefully she quested north, attuning herself to the presences cloaked by the ancient place in Oregon. 

All she could feel was the vision, swirling around that place, as though the odd geometry amplified its effects. It must be horrible inside. They would have been heavily disrupted from the first moment, and she doubted they could reach Unity under these conditions. But she needed to check that there was nothing more serious wrong.

No matter how hard she looked, she felt nothing but the vision, the remembered pain causing her to wince. There were no people at all inside, unless Diana was hiding herself well. Had they all left? Puzzled, she widened her search, looking for members who might be ranging outside. But she felt nothing, and she was tiring quickly.

"Javier," she mumbled. "We have to check on the Oregon colony. They're gone, or so hidden by the vision that I can't sense them. I think it's worse inside the ancient place than anywhere else. Maybe they fled, but they could be in trouble."

Javier sighed. "All right," he said. "But remember, they're still dangerous, Esther."

In the brief silence, there was a soft thump and then a throaty moan from Kat as Grace pushed two fingers ...

Esther blushed. She'd let her concentration slip again. But even Javier must have heard that from across the hall.

"Do those two even have time to sleep?" Javier muttered, with a kind of cross admiration.

"Javier, they don't really spend all their time—" Esther began to say, but then of course Javier giggled.

"You were spying," he whispered, kissing her softly just under the ear. Lately she liked that spot more and more, and he knew it. 

Esther couldn't deny the spying, and finally she giggled as well.

"You know, we're awake, too," she said, stroking his butt. He was fully hard again, and this time she pulled the covers aside, settling herself in to use her mouth. Javier groaned, probably louder than he'd intended.

Across the hall the quiet noises paused, and then Grace whispered something that Esther managed to avoid hearing. But Kat moaned again, even louder.

Esther pulled her mouth briefly off of Javier.

"They heard you. I'm pretty sure they liked it."

Javier didn't say anything, and when Esther took him in her mouth again, he stayed silent. But when Kat finally let out a pretty obvious series of orgasmic moans, Javier erupted inside her mouth.

When she'd finished cleaning him with her tongue, she crawled back up to hold him tight.

"I was thinking about Grace's birthday," Javier whispered.

"Me too," said Esther. "Maybe it'll happen again."

"I hope so."

* * *

Grace and Kat left the next morning to check on Kat's apartment. Selena was preparing for her long drive when Esther came hurrying out from the back of the house. "There's a car a few minutes away. It's Myra Jackson."

"Shit," Javier muttered. Jackson had worked for InfoCorp, in partnership with the Unit under Franklin. Her partner had killed Esther's father, but she claimed no knowledge of it, and she'd allied herself with Lukas in the struggle against Franklin. The last they'd heard, she was in some higher-up government role related to the Unit. 

Selena nodded slowly. "I should meet her. She doesn't know me, and we still want to keep Esther out of the picture, don't we?"

Esther frowned. "You don't have your abilities back, though. And Jackson is dangerous. What could she want?"

Selena smiled at Esther. "I don't need my special senses for everything. I've been in the business world for decades. I can still judge people just fine. And it would put her more off-balance to deal with me."

Mamá came in from the kitchen. "I could meet her. Tell her nobody else is home and that we're too busy cleaning up to deal with whatever she wants."

Javier smiled. "No, I don't think that will work with her. And you know she's dangerous, Mamá. Why don't you and Esther wait in the back while Selena and I talk to her."

Mamá glared at Javier. "Don't patronize me, mijo. You've been doing dangerous things all on your own, usually not even telling me about it until afterwards. I'll do as you say, but don't you dare think it's your responsibility to protect me all the time."

Javier swallowed as Mamá stomped off to the back of the house. Esther turned to follow, but something occurred to Javier.

"Esther, do you think you'd still be disabled by the vision if you hadn't hacked around it?"

Esther nodded, suddenly understanding. "There are probably a few around the world who are still insensible from the pain. So it would look less suspicious if Jackson saw me. If she understands enough, she'd assume I was at most moderately sensitive."

They worked out their plan. "Let's assume Jackson doesn't know much about our group," said Javier. "The record of this house purchase was public enough, but I don't think Lukas would have told her much. And Esther has been watching for anyone spying on us directly."

Selena nodded. "So let's pretend none of us is in charge, but I'm high enough up to make some decisions. Deal?"

Esther and Javier nodded. When Jackson's car pulled up, Javier answered the door.

"Ms. Jackson," he said sourly. "What brings you out here, and how can I get you to leave?"

She smiled in that way of hers, where it didn't quite reach her eyes.

"Cut the crap, Javier. Everything's gone pear-shaped and we both know it. I'm here to talk."

He nodded with resignation and let her in. As planned, Esther gave her a glare and then walked into the back of the house. Selena came in from the kitchen, and Jackson studied her. Javier couldn't tell anything from her expression.

"Selena, this is Myra Jackson," said Javier. 

Selena nodded, looking almost bored. "Ah, the woman who helped with Franklin. Won't you sit down?"

Jackson carried a briefcase and she was dressed sharply, the way she always had been in Javier's experience. But so was Selena. They looked nearly the same age, but Javier knew Selena was older. And now she was wearing an expression Javier had rarely seen. Just the barest hint of contempt. If Jackson was unsettled, she didn't show it.

"Is Esther free to talk as well?"

"She's not very interested in whatever you want to say," said Javier. "She hasn't forgotten what happened when you visited her old house. So why don't talk with us."

Jackson smiled more widely, nodding. "Well, right to the point, then. This is, shall we say, a courtesy visit. The folks in Washington are running around like a bunch of mad chickens, but they will get to your name soon enough. You and all of your friends. So I thought I'd do this the more informal way. I'm sure you personally had nothing to do with Black Christmas, but you might have information, and of course that would reflect well on you in the future—"

"No," said Selena.

There was a pause, and then Jackson smiled at her. "Excuse me?"

"No, the folks in Washington are not going to get Javier's name, not unless you tell them. But you don't want it to come to that, do you? Because you're here on your own. Unofficially. So why don't you first tell us what your agenda is."

Jackson's smile didn't falter, but even Javier could see something in her eyes. She didn't know what to make of Selena.

"You're partly correct, Ms.—"

"Selena," said Javier after a pause.

"Selena. Yes, this is an unofficial visit. But they certainly do have Javier's name, along with Kathleen Mikkelson and Raj Patel. As I said, I wanted to talk to Javier and his friends before the wheels of government ground around to them. Because I believe your group could be of help in this struggle."

Selena didn't respond, and Javier followed her cue, though his heart was racing. Eventually Jackson sighed.

"I think I chose the wrong tactic," she said, as though embarrassed. "A not-so-subtle threat. But you're something of an idealist, aren't you, Javier? So why don't I appeal to your moral sensibility, and a little practicality. There are people out there with Changes doing things that I'm sure neither of you condone any more than I do. I want to stop them, the way we stopped Franklin. I'm not as stupid as some of my colleagues, assuming that everyone with Changes has the same agenda."

"Is that what you call us?" Selena said. "People with Changes?"

Jackson paused, then decided to ignore the interruption. "These attacks need a villain, and the existence of Changed individuals is no longer a secret to other agencies. The CIA, the FBI, all those bureaucrats and field agents and political toadies, they're all looking for you now. The one saving grace is they still aren't sure who you are, or what any of it means. This is the opportunity to give them the true villains, the ones who coordinated the attacks. Let them be a secret terrorist organization, and let it end there."

Javier stared at Jackson. "Why are you suddenly pretending to be our best friend? Is this some stupid good cop/bad cop thing? You were looking for Changed individuals, recruiting them for Franklin to brainwash. I don't see any reason to trust you."

Jackson nodded and smiled indulgently. Of course she'd expected the comment. Javier wasn't as good at this as Selena.

"I chose my side against Franklin when I understood what he was doing. And do you want to know why? Because, Javier, I'm a fucking patriot. You may not have thought through what that means, but believe me, I have. And it means opposing anything that compromises the values that make us great. So no, I don't want us joining the Brits in their all-out witch hunt for the Changed. But you know what? You don't need to trust me, anyway. I'm going to ask you some questions, and you can just decide on your own whether it would be helpful for me to learn what you know."

Javier frowned, but he supposed she had a point. And she had fought directly against Franklin, at significant personal risk. He looked at Selena, and she waved her hand vaguely, looking bored. Jackson nodded and opened up her briefcase, pulling out a few folders. When she opened the first one, he saw a photograph of Janelle, Lukas's former agent.

"What do you know of this woman? Before you answer, let me tell you that she was identified as the culprit in an assassination of an Italian member of parliament, as well as three security guards. All on her own."
