 Larya chased after the gorgeous woman, not daring to call out after her lest she alert the ghouls. Only the woman's pale hair allowed Larya to pursue, as her black dress blended in well with the moonless night and even Larya's keen night vision was struggling. 

The young druidess and her moody thief friend, Snatch, had come to Carriope to deal with a ghoul infestation. Now that they'd arrived, though, it appeared they were too late. Most of the houses' boarded windows had been smashed through somewhere, and the scent of carrion grew stronger the further into town Larya ran. 

Larya's target was heading towards one of the few houses still intact. In fact, it didn't even appear to have boarded-up windows. Odd. Larya hurried after. 

The woman opened the door and ran inside. Larya looked around, then followed. 

She nearly passed out on the spot. The reek of carrion in this small room was mind-blowing. She looked around, seeing specks of blood on the walls and floor, and knew she was in trouble. 

But the three women before her did not look like ghouls. They looked...enticing. Really enticing. Not rotten at all. There was the blonde, her red lips curved upwards in an inviting smile. There was a brunette, her black hair offset by white lips. And there was a redhead, hair matched by radiant scarlet lips. Their eyes shone a bright, pure red, without whites or pupils. 

The eyes put Larya off for a moment, but then she registered their bodies. Oh, their bodies. Pert, round breasts, shapely thighs, slim, almost emaciated figures—but not quite so much as to be unattractive—and the palest skin she'd ever seen. All dressed in sensuously form-fitting outfits. 

Realizing she was drooling, Larya licked her lips. "Uh...h-hi." 

They all smiled at her. Their smiles were filled with seductive promises. Unwanted thoughts—no, very wanted thoughts indeed—arose in Larya's mind, and she felt her legs go weak for just an instant. 

One instant too long. 

The crimson-haired beauty shot forward to catch Larya, cradling her in her arms. 

"No..." Larya mumbled. 

The woman gently led her back to the others. Despite her small objection, Larya was obediently walking along. Something about the red-eyed creature's grip felt so reassuring that she couldn't quite think of why she might want to resist. 

Larya was a submissive. 

She'd known this about herself for years, ever since an unfortunate incident with a rather unsavory wizard. It tended to surface at the worst of times. Something about her extreme connection with nature had left her very powerless against the allure of powerlessness. 

She let that thought comfort her as the red-haired lady led her along. It wasn't her fault. Besides, whatever these women were, they weren't ghouls. Ghouls would be rotting. It was fine. She had everything under control. 

Except she wasn't so sure she did. And that just made her hotter. 

She squirmed out of the woman's grip, standing alone before the three. "Uh...hi." 

The three women just smiled at her. The platinum-haired woman reached down, hand pressing against the crotch of her own gray dress and rubbing intensely. 

"Are..." Larya bit her lip, eyes drawn to the hand. "Are you citizens of this village?" 

What a silly question, she thought. Of course they are. Assuming they aren't gh—gh... 

"Guh," she managed. Hands were creeping up her short skirt. Tickling her. "Ooh! Ooh, heehee, that's—that's not—stop it!" She leaped away, eyes widening. "Boundaries!" 

They smiled at her, and she found she couldn't quite recall the reason she was so upset. Ghouls rotted. These beautiful women were not rotten. They weren't ghouls. They were safe. 

She wanted them to be safe. 

Because she... 

"Are you gonna fuck me?" she whispered. 

They smiled wider. The brunette advanced, drawing out some rope. 

"Um..." She took a step back. "I'm not into bondage," she lied. "Really. I'd like to keep my arms and legs perfectly able to run and...and..." 

Her legs were getting weak again. She hadn't masturbated since...forever. And she hadn't been fucked since the recent battle with the demon-summoner. 

Surely she could afford a small delay? 

"Okay," she mumbled, as the brunette began binding her legs. 

Ten minutes later, she was completely trussed up. They had sat her on the floor to make the tying easier, but now the redhead was lifting her up. 

"Mm...no..." Her pleas fell on deaf ears, not that she meant them. Her eyelids fluttered. She was getting so hot right now. Her vagina was soaking her green skirt—at this moment, she was having trouble remembering why she'd even worn one. 

As if sensing her concern, the redhead set her down on the bed and began tying the ropes binding her to the bedposts so her arms and legs were spread wide. Uncomfortably wide. Wide enough that the skirt was no longer serving much purpose save decoration. 

They began to undress her as if she was an invalid. And right now, she didn't have much trouble with being seen that way. She was an invalid. Snatch had been right not to want her around, because she just...couldn't...resist... 

She gave a dazed smile at the brunette as the white-lipped beauty began to pull her skirt down. 

She was in trouble. 

Snatch stared at what he'd found in the mayor's closet. 

A dark-skinned girl who looked no more than five stared back. 

He cocked his head. "Huh. How about that." 

"Please don't hurt me!" The child flinched away, trying to hide behind the hanging coats. Judging by the crack in her voice, she'd been crying recently. Small wonder, with her father being dead an' all, Snatch thought. 

"Hold up." He held up his hands, inwardly cursing the fates that had brought him here. Crazy or no, Larya was much better with children than he was. They were the one thing that could make her act at least sort of normal. "I ain't a ghoul, kid. See? No rotting." 

The child peeked around the coats. "The ghouls...th-they don't rot. At least, not on the outside." 

"Eh?" 

"Ranger Vala said they rot on the inside. S-something dark crawls into them and m-makes them walk 'spite being dead." The child crept around the coats and approached Snatch, sniffing. "They still smell, though. You smell bad, b-but not like death." 

Snatch scowled. "Right. Well, listen, we've gotta get out of here. You know if anybody else is alive?" He made a mental note to kick the charred corpse of the mayor under the bed before the girl saw it. 

"I..." The child sniffled. "No. I d-don't think so. Vala killed everyone." 

"'Cause they was infected, yeah?" 

"Yeah. Yes." 

"Any ghouls left?" 

"I...she went in after the last three. Didn't come back out. Told Pappy to take me somewhere safe an' then..." She wiped a tear away. "...finish himself." 

Burning men weren't quiet, Snatch knew. This child had heard her father die. 

Biting his lip, he offered a hand to the girl. She flinched. "Name's Snatch, li'l one." 

She hesitated, then took the hand and gave a weak squeeze. "Rei." 

"Now, kid, I need you to answer very carefully." Snatch awkwardly squatted down to look eye-to-eye with Rei. "I've got a friend outside, an' she can help us. If there're only thr—four ghouls left, the two of us can finish this now. Otherwise we might have another Redhallow on our hands." 

Rei's eyes widened. "Redhallow?" she whispered. 

"Aye. So, first, you say the ghouls ain't rotting. What do they do?" 

"Ooh...hmm...yes..." Larya gave a weak giggle. 

She was in hell. She never wanted to leave. 

She'd been bound so tight she couldn't even squirm as the brunette lazily traced a finger back and forth over her dripping clit. The redhead was sucking at Larya's left nipple with fierce hunger, even nipping it now and then in her lust. And the blonde was was alternating between kissing her neck and licking it rapidly. 

The brunette smiled down at her. She knew Larya was absolutely helpless. The three women could do whatever they wanted to her now and Larya would be able to nothing but scream. And she wouldn't want to do anything else. 

Except maybe stick her tongue in that smug brunette's pussy and give her a taste of what Larya could do. 

But she couldn't. All she could do was lie there and be slowly tortured to ecstasy. 

She began to feel a faint tingling sensation on her breast and neck, as if she was going numb. She didn't feel numb, though. Oh, no. As the tingling increased, so did the pleasure. And as the pleasure increased, the concern over the sensation melted away. 

She gave a loud moan as the brunette stroked her cold, pale finger across her clit again. And then—to her delight—the finger popped inside. 

Her eyes rolled back into her head as the finger snaked around, lightly stroking the inside of her burning pussy. "Oh! Ooh!" 

She was conscious of hissing laughter as the other two doubled their efforts, sucking at her breast and neck desperately. "Ooh!" She felt a nip. "Ooh! Ow!" Another. "Hee! That—that hurts!" 

Something wet dripped onto her forehead. 

Her eyes shot open. She looked straight up at the ceiling, gasping as the brunette slipped a second finger in. 

The ceiling was painted red. 

And dripping. 

"Oh," she whispered. "Oh, no." 

**** 

Goblin's Note: Curious—do you guys want more of Unliving Lust? Or would you rather I go back to Evergreen? Or, heck, something completely different?