 [Author's Note: This is just a fun, relatively plotless little short story using two characters from one of my favorite anime shows.] 

The smartly dressed man fumbled awkwardly for words. The two women before him were imposing figures. One was an assassin called "Twilight" Suzuka, a woman of distant Asian lineage, a lineage back from when Earth was a relevant locale. She was famous for wielding a wooden sword with such strength it surpassed most metal melee weaponry. The other was a dark-skinned, light-haired Ctarl-Ctarl named Aisha ClanClan; a shrill-voiced former diplomat who had, as of late, been demoted to a stationary post and was now doing mercenary work with the sword-wielding assassin. Ctarl-Ctarl were said to have the strength of ten men, and a temper like no other. The well-dressed man minded his words.

"An eighteen year-old male human named Garin is traveling on a routine delivery route." he explained. "What this boy does not know is that his unique lineage and status as a virgin makes him a prime candidate for selection in the governing of a small planetary alliance with rather... dated moral principles."

"They'd want the kid because he's got good bloodlines and never been laid?" Aisha chimed in in her high, grating tone.

"Yes." the man affirmed. "Now, if he is selected, my son will not be and my corporation will lose much influence in that region. That's where you come in."

Suzuka smirked and laid a hand on the hilt of her wooden blade.

"We'll kill him." she said flatly.

"No!" the man snapped. "If he's killed needlessly, those who watch him, ready to approach him and make his nature clear to him, would know foul play."

"So why are we here, then?" calmly inquired the assassin.

"I need you two to... rid him of his qualifying status as a uh... a virgin."

Aisha's grin was feral, predatory, and disturbing. Suzuka remained calm, but a gleam flickered in her eyes.

"So we hunt him down and lay him," Aisha growled, "then you give us money."

"If you provide video evidence," the businessman added, "then yes. You'll be furnished with a four-person luxury vessel with modified, battle-class armor and engines. Please do not waste any time."

* * *

The Hei Fong port was a bustle of lively activity, which the two mercenaries wholly disregarded as they sought their ship. Sure enough, it was a fully stocked, four-person luxury vessel with individual rooms, a full kitchen (much to Aisha's delight), and high quality engines and armor. As they came aboard, the computer sprang to life.

"Hello ladies," it said in a cheerful male tone, "I am Lex, your ship's computer and navigation system."

"Lex, I am Suzuka and the wild woman devouring all of the food in our galley is Aisha." Suzuka pronounced.

"A pleasure." spoke the computer. "I have my targeting set for a vessel that is soon to depart, what are your orders?"

"Stalk it into less noticeable territory," Suzuka advised, "then link up with it so we may board."

Aisha emerged from the galley, a ravenous look still clear on her face.

"Then we can have that boy and play with him." the cat-woman sneered, cracking her knuckles in a threatening way.

"How much does sex resemble a violent mauling in your culture?" Suzuka quipped.

"Usually does." Aisha chirped. "That boy won't know what hit him!"

* * *

Garin was proud of himself. Eighteen years old and on his first solo flight. Granted it was a spice delivery on a company vessel, but he was the only person aboard. The computer handled much of it, but damn it, Garin was proud.

His ship took its slot at the port and launched, breaking orbit and zooming into space. Garin grinned, pride flooding through him as he hurtled through the void of space. It wasn't long until he was relaxed in his seat, watching his ship's monitors and eagerly awaiting his payment. Maybe now, after this mission, a girl would notice him, once he had enough money to take a woman out on a proper date. That would be excellent...

The blaring of an alarm on his ship's speaker system startled Garin so badly he almost fell out of his chair. A warning on his display read: "WARNING: Unidentified vessel. Linking commenced."

"Fuck!" cursed Garin.

A vessel was trying to link. They'd pull alongside him and lock their hatch with his, preserving pressurization in both ships. They were trying to board. Pirates! It had to be. He couldn't escape this, his ship's engines were shit. But Garin wasn't giving up without a fight.

* * *

"Link up complete, boarding is now possible." Lex informed the female mercenaries.

"Thank you." Suzuka said, ready to enter the airlock.

Aisha led the way, eager to go aboard, despite the fact that she couldn't simply ravish the poor young man on his ship. But she was still strong and could thwart any defenses the pitiful vessel raised.

The airlock opened and Aisha darted in, followed by Suzuka. A brown haired boy of about eighteen years lunged at Aisha with a knife.

"Die, pirate!" he shouted.

Aisha caught his wrist effortlessly, threw the knife away and lifted the short, skinny boy by the front of his shirt.

"I'll break him in a minute." she laughed. "Sorry Suzu, you won't get any."

"Don't call me that." Suzuka snarled. "Just bring him aboard."

"What is this?!" the boy, Garin, demanded, squirming desperately. "Just take my cargo and let me go, I have no money."

He wanted to defend his ship, but not to be a hostage! Neither woman responded, and so Garin escaped as best he could. The powerful Ctarl-Ctarl held him by his shirt, so he wriggled out of his shirt and made a run for it. Suzuka leapt forward and tackled him down, putting him in a painful arm-lock and marching him toward the other vessel.

"You crazy bitches." roared Garin in a panic, kicking at Suzuka.

The assassin calmly jabbed a pressure point on his neck and the boy went limp. Thus he was easily hauled aboard and his original vessel set adrift into space.

The women took him to one of the bedrooms where his clothes were torn off and he was shackled, spread-eagle, by heavy steel chains. Aisha practically drooled over his nude body, extending her claws and ready to destroy him.

"I'll go first." Suzuka cut in. "We need him alive afterword. Then you can have him."

The Ctarl-Ctarl grumbled and stalked from the room, leaving Suzuka to activate a video lens and wait for Garin to awaken. It would be no fun to defile him when he was unconscious.

* * *

Garin realized a few things when he awoke. He was in a sparsely adorned, white painted bedroom aboard a space craft. He was on a bed. He was chained to said bed and he was naked. And one of his two captresses stood over him.

"Is this an interrogation?" he asked. "I know nothing."

"No." Suzuka said, moving closer. "Not at all."

"What are you doing...???"

He trailed off as Suzuka effortlessly, smoothly disrobed, revealing her perfect body to his eyes. She was light-skinned, her muscles were athletic and defined. Her breasts were large and firm. And she was crawling over him, naked. Her dark hair was now let down, and it tickled him as she moved her head over his chest, upward until their faces were level, their noses almost touching.

"I uh... please wait!" he begged. "I'm a virgin."

"I'll fix that." the assassin purred in a sultry tone.

"I don't want it fixed!" he protested as her warm breasts pressed down against his chest. "I'm waiting for the right girl, you know?"

"Lucky you." Suzuka whispered in his ear, nibbling his earlobe. "Because the right girl has found you."

Her soft lips smothered Garin's protests in a hard, unrelenting kiss as Suzuka let his manhood ease into her. The beautiful assassin moved her hips down against the boy, her hands exploring his non-muscular chest and tickling his nipples while her mouth continued to cover his. Their hips rocked together, Garin straining against his heavy bindings so he might, against his will, push his shaft deep into her tight, warm depths. He moaned into her mouth, and she invaded his with her tongue, hoping to pleasure her captive to a quick climax. Their bodies pressed together, her powerful legs wrapping around his waist and squeezing him as she rode him to his first orgasm inside a woman.

Suzuka rose from the sweating, shaking boy, smirking at the look of confusion, hurt, and dismay on his face. These looks were all tinged by the exhausted look of pure, lustful pleasure. She covered herself and turned to the video lens she'd mounted on the wall.

"Mission accomplished." she stated. "A live stream of his deflowering."

"Well done." came a male voice. "I'm sending this video to the alliance shortly to show them Garin's... depraved sexual tastes. He'll be no good to them now. So now you may do with him as you wish."

"And payment?"

"It's in your account."

The video lens winked off and Suzuka turned to Garin.

"My friend Aisha, the Ctarl-Ctarl is coming in." she told him. "It's been nice knowing you."

"What's this about?" demanded Garin, still shaken.

"Some council," Suzuka tried to summarize, "was secretly watching you because of your bloodline and virginity, and they were going to ask you to join them. I was paid to stop that, to protect the interests of another."

"So now I'm going to die?" murmured Garin.

"It will be slow and horrible, but with some pleasure for you, as well as plenty for Aisha." Suzuka explained. "I'm sorry, but it's only fair to her."

As Garin pleaded with her, Suzuka dressed and left the room. Not moments later, Aisha was standing in the doorway, eyeing Garin as if he was a piece of meat. She shut the door and disrobed hastily before walking to his bed and, to his surprise, opening his shackles.

"You're freeing me?" he asked, excitement filling him.

"I want you to fight back." she hissed in his ear.

Then the claws came out and the Ctarl-Ctarl flung her dark-skinned, muscular, shapely body upon him. That tenfold strength was painfully employed by Aisha against her prey. Her claws raked his back, her teeth sank into his collarbone and she held them there, licking the blood away. Her legs, like a vice grip, crushed Garin's hips against her, though he tried to struggle. In the throes of their passion they rolled on the bed and even off of it onto the carpeted floor. Garin screamed all the while, his screams joined by Aisha's piercing shrieks of animal pleasure.

When Aisha finally came to her orgasm, she clawed and bit and crushed Garin beneath her with astonishing force. The boy lay limp, weak, bruised, and whimpering like a beaten dog. Aisha, panting like a fierce animal, dragged the boy onto the bed and lay across his legs, pinning him beneath her well-muscled body.

"Now, boy," Aisha snarled, locking her left hand tightly around the base of Garin's scrotum, "it's time for your punishment."

"P-punishment?" weakly gasped the exhausted Garin.

"When we were bringing you aboard," Aisha reminded him, "you called Suzuka and I bitches. That's no way to talk to ladies."

"I... you... I'm so tired. I'm sorry! I can't take anymore." feebly mumbled the young man.

Aisha tightened her grip around his balls until Garin yelped and squirmed beneath her. Then, not loosening her grasp, she extended the claws of her right hand and slowly, menacingly lowered them toward Garin's captive balls.

"Scream for me." she purred.

* * *

Suzuka sat at the bridge of the ship, relaxing in a reclined chair and drinking from a steaming cup of tea. This had been an unorthodox assignment, but she had to admit that it was rather pleasurable. And now they had the male to do with as they pleased. Through the walls of the ship she heard Garin and Aisha panting and screaming. Then, after a pause, she heard Garin's screams rise to a horrified, feverish pitch, his voice cracking in an animalistic expression of primal pain.

"Well, so much for keeping him around." Suzuka chuckled. "Aisha must have killed him or something of the sort."

Moments later, Aisha emerged from the room where they'd kept Garin, her white hair disheveled, her skin glistening with sweat. She had blood on her hands and mouth, and her clothes were in total disarray.

"Is he dead?" asked Suzuka.

"I thought it would be more fun to keep him around." Aisha replied. "I just carved the word bitch into his pathetic little balls so he'll never speak ill of ladies such as us, ever again."

"You are depraved." Suzuka said with an approving tone.

"He's unconscious now." Aisha added. "He'll wake up eventually and then we can do what we want with him."

The Ctarl-Ctarl sprawled on a couch and let out a satisfied purr, stretching luxuriously as she did so.

"So what shall we do with him then?" Suzuka asked.

"I was thinking," Aisha mused, "that we could keep him around and train him."

"Train him?" Suzuka pondered this idea.

"To serve us." Aisha insisted. "Our own little servant boy."

"I like that idea." Suzuka admitted. "Then that's what we will do. The boy, Garin, will be ours."

* * *

Suzuka and Aisha were delighted to find that, in addition to a generous pay, their employer had left them the ship in compensation for their help. They now had a worthy vessel in which to travel, and soon they'd have a very attentive attendant of their own. A few hours later, Garin timidly emerged from the room in which he'd been kept, his battered body wrapped in a cloth towel. He was silent as he padded toward the two women, his captresses. Suzuka beckoned him closer and motioned for him to sit on the ground at her feet. Garin lowered his head in subservience and seated himself by Suzuka's feet.

"We, Aisha and I," Suzuka said, petting Garin's head, "will be training you to be our servant for the foreseeable future."

"So this is it then," Garin sighed, "my first mission and I get captured, raped, and am going to be tortured to death?"

"You won't die." Suzuka assured him. "Obey us and we will be kind and gentle to you."

"I'm not gentle!" Aisha protested.

"Well, we won't lethally hurt you in rage." Suzuka clarified. "The sex will be fairly rough."

"Oh... I see." Garin murmured.

Suzuka petted his head casually, playing with his dark hair. This gentle behavior actually coaxed an inadvertent smile out of the boy, and he leaned against her legs in a relaxed manner.

"It really hurt." he said timidly. "What Aisha did to me."

"You spoke rather unkindly to us." Suzuka pointed out. "Now you won't, will you?"

"I was scared." Garin admitted. "You are imposing and powerful and I was horrified. I'm sorry."

"Good boy." Aisha praised.

"Aisha," Suzuka suggested, "how about we get our new plaything cleaned up."

"I thought you would never ask!" Aisha shrilly chirped.

Garin shrank back against Suzuka's legs, quivering and whimpering as the assassin lifted him to his feet. She and Aisha led him to a large room in the ship, presumably the captain's quarters. In keeping with the vessel's luxury outfitting, the chamber had a massive bed, soft carpeting, and other such comfortable furnishings. Inside the bathroom was a large, circular bathtub with multiple jets to fill its great volume with steaming hot water. When the tub was filled, the assassin and the cat-woman disrobed and entered the water, sinking into its comforting warmth.

"Join us, Garin." Suzuka urged.

"It's warm." Aisha purred, splashing the water around.

Garin shyly shrugged off his towel and timidly slipped into the tub, huddling away from the two women. Suzuka moved closer to him, entwining her legs with his and kissing his neck. Garin wriggled about uncomfortably.

"Don't fight us." Suzuka whispered in his ear.

"Unless we tell you to fight." Aisha growled, moving to Garin's other side and likewise entwining herself with him.

The two women kissed over Garin's neck and face, meanwhile lightly caressing him with their hands. He hated to admit it, but it felt absolutely amazing. He trembled in ecstasy at Suzuka's soft lips and Aisha's rough, cat-like tongue. His body was going wild with sheer pleasure. He found himself caressing Suzuka and Aisha's smooth, athletic legs eagerly, and soon both women were letting out small moans of anticipation.

"See." Aisha pointed out. "You like it here."

"There are worse fates than being the sex-slave of two hot women." Garin admitted, nuzzling Suzuka's neck. "That said, my balls still hurt from your claws, Aisha."

"Be good," Aisha advised, "and you won't feel anything but pleasure down there."

Aisha ran her tongue over Garin's collarbone and he squeaked in anticipation. Suzuka turned Garin's face toward her and kissed him fiercely, biting his lip before pulling away. Now Garin was positively gasping with need and lust. Aisha seized his erect manhood and began to slide her fingers up and down slowly, stimulating him with the rhythmic motion. Suzuka contributed to his stimulation by pressing her ample chest against Garin's body and simultaneously lightly sucking at his neck, letting her teeth scrape his skin.

"Oh Gods!" Garin cried out wildly. "This is amazing! Ah!"

He exclaimed as Aisha began to lightly tickle the head of his manhood with her fingertips. Suzuka kissed him passionately and he moaned into her mouth as Aisha worked him to an intense orgasm, which left his body limp and weak in the water whilst Aisha licked her hands clean of his seed.

"We'll have fun with you." Suzuka promised him, giving his lower lip another little bite.

"That was amazing!" Garin gleefully murmured.

"Of course it was!" Aisha agreed. "We know what we're doing, little boy, and you're ours now."

"I think I'm okay with that." Garin said happily as the women lifted him out of the tub.

"Good," Suzuka replied as she and Aisha carried him into the bedroom, "because it's time for bed. Let your training begin..."