 (1989 -- December 31st -- 23:59PM)

Shooting stars are what people saw that day. They soared through the night sky like glowing eagles, it was breath-taking. No one, not even those who specialised in these forms of occurrences, knew what was the reason, yet no one questioned it, as they stared at the beauty of rocks hurtling through space at incomprehensible speed. One mother stood with them that day, holding her infant in her arms as they stared wide-eyed at the lights streaking across the sky. The child's name was Zoey and she was chosen that night. For a task unfathomable to anyone at that time.

(1999 -- September 1st -- 15:47PM)

Little under ten years had passed since the phenomenon occurred, and Zoey had turned ten years old. She was like every other little girl, interested in the latest dolls, cute things, such as puppies or kittens, despite that she had grown up often feeling separate from others. Zoey blew the candles out on her birthday cake, with her parents clapping and asking if she made a wish.

"Of course," She said, "But I can't tell you, otherwise it won't come true." She giggled as her mother handed her the first of her presents.

Zoey was tall for her age, being four foot four. She was athletic as well, being extremely flexible and rather strong for her age, she had long brown hair that fell to her waist. She was the fastest girl at her school, being able to run 100 metres in under 15 seconds. She was also prone to angry outbursts, leading her to learn various fighting styles, including, but not limited to, kick boxing, kung fu, and wrestling, to curb her anger and aim it at something less dangerous. In short; she wasn't to be messed with, and everyone knew it.

After opening her gifts; a pair of shoes, two Barbie dolls, and a new tv. She thanked her parents, before asking if she could go out for a bit, before having her cake.

"Of course honey, but don't be out too long. The sun's setting." Her mother warned.

"Don't worry mum!" Zoey called as she left through the back door. They didn't have a backyard, but they did live right in front of large forest, easily half a mile away from any neighbours. Zoey's parents had chosen the house after she was born, since they needed a place that was large and affordable.

The house was Victorian style, though it was updated to have electricity of course, with four bedrooms, a study, two living rooms, a large state of the art kitchen, and three bathrooms; one downstairs, one upstairs, and the other was an en suite in the master bedroom. They had gotten it cheap, as the retailers' had said that no wanted to buy, being put off by the large forest, which many had deemed to be creepy, and the fact that it was several miles from the nearest town. A 'horror movie house' is what they called it.

For the past ten years they've lived here and ever since she could walk Zoey has been obsessed with the forest; to her it wasn't a place filled with dangerous creatures, or home to some horror movie villain, but a place of wonder, with new areas to explore everyday. It was her dream to know the forest of by heart one day.

Now Zoey was deep into the forest. Her parents had set up markers whenever they went out, so that they could find their way back, so Zoey wasn't worried about how deep she went, as long as she could spot a landmark, an arrow pointing in the direction of the next arrow. She strolled down the well trodden path, when she came across a root sticking up from the earth, and arcing over the path, like a bridge. Seeing it as an challenge, as though the earth were saying 'bet you can't get under this', in response Zoey crawled beneath it. As she stood back up she caught something glittering out of the corner of her eye.

Her curiosity peeked instantly. Walking towards whatever was glittering she failed to realise that she was now in an area where not even her parents had ventured, and so there were no arrows to tell her which way was home. Zoey couldn't care less though, her mind focused solely on finding out what was so sparkly. After walking for a few minutes she came to what seemed to be a lake.

"Oh wow! So pretty!" She cried out as she stared in child-like amazement at the lake of what appeared to be liquid silver. It shone brightly in the setting sun's light, but not enough to blind her, as she gazed around. What is it? She thought and walked to the edge, before going to he knees. Leaning forward she reached out and dipped a couple of her fingers into the strange liquid. It was cool, and felt amazingly thick. Pulling her fingers out, with some effort, since it was incredibly sticky as well as thick, she brought them to her face for a closer inspection. The silver had stuck to them, completely hiding her pale skin beneath it.

She brought it to her nose and sniffed. It smelt sweet, yet a little like cleaner fluid. Shrugging, Zoey opened her mouth and licked the liquid from her fingers, shuddering at how sweet it was, and immediately wanting more. Plunging her hands in, she tried to pull them up, but found them trapped by something. Pulling harder, she noticed it was having the opposite effect, with her arms sinking in to the elbow now. Now panicking she pulled and pulled, trying with all of her might to break free of the stuff, yet it didn't let go, instead it continued to pull her in, further and further, now passed her shoulders, and beginning to pull her from the ground. She wouldn't have her cake, Zoey thought with regret.

Continuing to struggle, Zoey was caught of guard when her head was pulled beneath the surface. It was strange; all around her was what seemed to be solid silver, and nothing else. She couldn't understand how she could see, when she was submerged in the liquid, but that wasn't on her mind at that moment. She felt the rest of her body being pulled in now, completely submerging her in the liquid. It was all over for her.

Zoey wasn't sure how long she was there, but she knew she could breathe somehow. It was strange being in the liquid, it felt like she was floating, but at the same time it felt like she was being confined, or trapped in something. As her thoughts warred over these feelings she noticed the liquid shifting, and all of a sudden she could move, despite still being blind. What's going on? She thought and suddenly she felt her mouth being opened by something, and then she felt the liquid surging into her mouth and down her throat, while it also flowed into her ears, nose, and pores. She had no idea what was happening, but suddenly a giddiness spread over her, and she couldn't care less about what was happening, even as her cells were fusing with something completely alien and changing her body. When it was over, Zoey would no longer be fully human.

What could've been hours passed and the sun had completely set, allowing the moon to take over. Zoey laid on the cold earth, though she wasn't cold herself, in fact she felt... well good. As though she had been asleep for a long time, and was waking up feeling refreshed. As she fully woke up she began to wonder where she was, and looked around, noticing the dome shape of the hole she laid in. The earth around her felt strangely wet, as though it had been rained on, yet she was perfectly dry. She stood up and walked to an earthy wall, noticing how high it was, easily being several times her height.

"How am I supposed to get up there?" She whined aloud. Shrugging, she took several steps back before launching herself at the wall. To her complete amazement, she flew over it and into a tree, her instincts letting her reach out and catch a sturdy branch, rather than hitting the bark face first. Looking down she realised that she was over a dozen feet above the ground. Letting go she fell and landed on the floor without so much as a grunt.

She began walking back home. Seeing the arrows her family had left with perfect clarity, as though they were near her, and it were daytime. As she neared the house she heard the voices of her parents calling out her name.

"Zoey! Zoey! Zoooooooey!" Her mother and father called, terror and concern thick in their voices. Zoey walked to them excitedly.

"I'm coming!" She called back, eager to show off her abilities. When they saw her however, it wasn't quite what she had expected. They stared at her for what could've been minutes, before Zoey spoke up.

"What's wrong mum? Dad?" She asked with concern.

"Z-Zoey? Is that you?" Her mother asked in disbelief. Zoey frowned at this, of course it was her.

"Yeah. Oh course." She said.

"What the hell happened to you?!" Her father shouted, causing Zoey to flinch in fright. Her dad very rarely raised his voice to a shout, and when he did it was because he was angry. Very angry.

"I-I-I went ou-out?" She stuttered confused by his anger and question.

"Stop it dear." Her mother said, relief in her voice, yet she still looked shocked and concerned.

They brought her back to the house where they showed her a mirror. Zoey screamed in terror.

"I-i-i-i-i-is that me?" She asked in utter disbelief. She lifted her hand, and the mirror image did so too. Zoey couldn't believe what she was seeing. It was her, and yet it wasn't. The doppelgänger looked exactly like, but there were two very distinct differences. One was the hair, while it still fell to her waist, it was an almost shining silver, and then there were her eyes, the irises had turned silver as well, seeming to also glow. The rest of her seemed the same, and yet the hair and eyes were too much for the young girl. She passed out.

Over the years Zoey adjusted to her sudden change. It wasn't easy, trying to get people to believe that it some rare disease that affected 0.2% of the world, and concealing her newfound power was the most challenging. That isn't to say she had no laxes in control, for instance her second year of middle school. At age 12 Zoey was beginning her first steps into womanhood, and was not in a happy mood, barely able to keep herself from hitting a tree for reasons that she was only beginning to understand. Children around her would play and laugh, while she stayed in a corner looking on with disdain. Then the wall was broken.

Ever since her hair and eyes had changed younger kids had taken to insulting her at any opportunity that showed itself. She understood that this was human nature, and that when confronted by something they don't understand people, mainly adolescents or children, will ostracise it, and Zoey was no exception. If it had been any other day the insults would've gone by unnoticed, but not today, no today was a bad, bad day for her. Already feeling on the verge of lashing out for no reason, a boy thought it wise to go up to her and call her every name under the sun as his friends watched, pointing and laughing, and joining in. The one closet to her was within her reach.

She didn't think. She reached out and gripped the victim's wrist, before forcing up and back, effectively dislocating it, however she didn't release him, even as he cried out in pain. She stood up, keeping a vice like grip on him, and looked each of them in the eye; they could see her murderous intent. Pulling the kid closer, she raised her other hand in a fist and acquainted it with his face, breaking his nose, and dislocating his jaw simultaneously. She released him then, as he fell back into his group of, now terrified, friends. She stared at them unblinking, and they got the idea. Quickly abandoning their fallen ally they ran from her.

Without realising it a large crowd had gathered around the group. All of them thinking they'd see the creepy outcast get the crap beaten out of her, instead they saw her almost kill a boy with a single punch. They all backed off quickly soon after, yelling for the teachers to come and save them from 'the psychotic bitch!'. After that Zoey was expelled from the school and she moved from the country, deciding to try England instead. She knew it wouldn't work out.

(May 17th - 2004)

At age fifteen Zoey once again had a lapse in control. As puberty hit her with a vengeance, she grew in all the right places, quickly developing a following of guys hoping to get into her pants, and along with them came the complete hate of every girl in the school. On the last day of term they deemed it necessary to be as cruel as they could be. They lured her with the promise of a makeover, instead they knocked her unconscious, stripped her naked and tied her to a lamp post with the word 'whore' written across her stomach in big red letters. The moment she came to and realised what had transpired, she felt something well within her that far outmatched pure rage. The blazing need to get revenge.

Upon finding their hideout she found them laughing and showing a group of friends photos of what they'd done.

"Mind if I join in?" Zoey said as she passed the corner revealing herself to them.

"What the fuck?!" One shouted.

"How the fuck did you untie the rope?!" Another questioned in horror. Zoey smiled sweetly and raised the remains of the thick rope they had used to tie her up. The girls were all quivering in fear now, knowing that it was the dead of night and that no one else would be out. No one spoke for what felt like an eternity. Then Zoey struck and all, as they say, is history.

The next day, the girls were found dead in their cheerleader outfits, hanging from the school gym ceiling, with the words 'whore' cut into their stomachs. The people who found them called the police and they launched an investigation, problem was they had no suspects to work with. There were no finger prints at the scene, nor were there any murder weapons. Of course Zoey knew who did it, as did her parents, who immediately disowned and left her, leaving her to fend for herself, with barely enough money to survive a few months. That wasn't an issue.

As time progressed Zoey made plenty of money doing manual labour, or winning competitions. Even returning to the U.S. And renting an apartment. She had finished her education, and was now in college, all the while holding down a pair of part time jobs, doing construction, and any odd jobs that required immense physical strength. Now at the age of eighteen she was reasonably happy with her life, it had hurt initially when her parents had left, but it seemed that it had been for the better. However everything was about to change for her.

(October 21st - 2007)

Now at the age of eighteen Zoey had turned from a cute/beautiful teenager, into a goddess amongst teens. Her lips were full and had an impossibly, natural glossy red colour, her face was clear of any blemishes, and seemed to glow, just as her eyes and hair does. Her more sexual assets had become the envy and desires of many, as her breasts grew to 36EE, remaining perfectly shaped and perky despite the size, while her waist stayed at a trim 28'', and her hips flared at 40'', tapering into luscious thighs. Her skin was light, and seemed to glow like her face. Her silver hair fell elegantly to her waist, and her similarly coloured eyes seemed to pierce your very soul. To top it all off she was happy to sleep with anyone, be they man or woman.

It was one month after she had turned eighteen. As she slept the dormant being inside her awoke and began the final stages of her transformation. The liquid had dispersed itself throughout her body, but a particularly large amount had taken residence within her womb, causing it to inflate slightly, but not enough to show, and also in her bladder, somehow keeping itself there despite the human need to urinate. Now the being used that entrapped liquid to enact the final change.

It had waited so long, waiting for the human girl's mind and body to become strong enough to withstand the changes about to be brought upon it. The liquid in her bladder and womb began to seep out of her, latching onto her clit, and causing her to moan in her sleep. They hardened the moment they were attached and began to grow, using the fluid to rise and rise. This process continued even after dawn broke, with the being using any part of itself not bonded to her to increase the size of the new attachment. It was almost done.

Throughout this Zoey had been moaning constantly as pleasure shot through her mind and body, affecting her dream. What had been a dream of sailing through the seas like a pirate from the old days, suddenly took a far more sexual turn. The ship was similar to the Black Pearl from Disney's Pirates of the Caribbean, only somewhat happier, and without men. The crew was entirely comprised of women, all of whom had measurements ranging from 34C-26-36 to 36DD-26-38, and all were extraordinarily beautiful, each with the picture perfect face of a pornstar. Zoey was naturally captain of this ship, and set the crew(wo)men at ease with her easy going attitude, intoxicating beauty, and lack of inhibitions, often surprising even the most devilish of pirates. Her clothing stated exactly what mood she was in.

Even in the real world Zoey often wore different coloured clothes depending on her mood. In the dream she was feeling rowdy, and so wore a tight fitting bra with leather armour on the outside, and silk on the inside, and a cotton skirt that barely covered her bare pussy. Naturally as captain she wore the titular hat, and had a sword to her hip, ready to be drawn at the slightest hint of trouble. As mentioned before she was in a rowdy mood today, and was looking for a willing victim or two, who would satisfy her needs. She stood at the helm eyeing each member of her crew currently on deck.

Eventually she decided on a petite black haired girl and a contrasting tall blonde woman. Calling them to her, she led them to her private chambers, where they were not to be disturbed, except when under attack, or unless others wanted to join in. Once there Zoey flashed the two a seductive that was likewise returned, only with a hint of nervousness that always came when girls were brought here. The crew knew of their captain's sexual tendencies and none had escaped her grasp being able to sit comfortably for a week, though they never regretted it. The two knew what was coming and couldn't wait for it.

Almost immediately Zoey leaned down to kiss the petite girl, who stood there obviously waiting for instructions.

"Well," Her captain breathed, her lust obvious in each word, "What're you waiting for?" They needed no further instruction, and went to work. The petite girl returned the kiss with a fiery passion, while the tall blonde began to strip, all the while feeling the growing warmth between her legs as she watched the two make out. Zoey's tongue slipped into the girl's mouth, and began to wrestle her own, all the while she began to suck on her captain's tongue, moaning at the taste of her saliva. Zoey broke the kiss, leaning back to look into the girl's eyes.

They were breathing heavily, lust engraved in their features. They stripped in unison, neither taking long, as neither had much on. The three stared at each other for what could've been a minute, before Zoey broke the stalemate and walked to her bed. Sitting on the edge she spread her legs wide, giving the two a clear view of her glistening pussy, using two fingers she spread her nether lips wide, and looked at the two with a pleading, yet lustful, gaze.

"It burns down there," She said in her most child-like voice, "Will you kiss it better?" She began pouting and the two girl's forced resistance melted. They both lunged forward, eager for a taste of the captain's pussy.

The petite black haired girl quickly began to kiss her captain's pussy, lapping up any leakage she could get. She began alternating between kissing and licking, her captain's moans being music to her ears. The moans grew louder as she began forcing her tongue into her leader's fuck-hole, getting a stronger dose of her fluid. Both were moaning now, Zoey from the sensation's, and her subordinate from the pure taste of her captain's pussy juice. During this the blonde stood there, transfixed.
