 Bethany's eyes slowly opened as the world came into focus. She sighed softly as her eyes took in the pale blue ceiling she didn't recognize and the tacky posters of various scantily clad women on the walls, each one in sporting a different seductive pose. Her right hand slowly lifted from beneath the covers to brush strands of her auburn hair out of her face careful not to make any noise lest she wake the still sleeping companion of this particular bed. 

She tilted her head forward slightly to survey the damage, and found what she had assumed was the case; her bra draped over a chair on the far corner, and following the toppled books on a desk and the floor she located her jeans. The shirt she had been wearing last night lay crumpled against the door, and she finally located her panties wadded up at the end of the bed. The weight to her left shifted slightly, and Bethany decided it was probably time to get up. 

Trying to be as quiet as possible she slid out from beneath the covers, and gently went to rest one foot on the ground. The soft tink of her foot contacting the beer bottle caused her to freeze. Bethany lay still for a few heartbeats, hoping the body next to her hadn't awoken. Finally, she let out a soft sigh of relief and lowered her other leg over the bed and sat up. She reached to the end of the bed, grabbed her panties and slid her legs into them, slowly standing to stay as quiet as possible, and also to help keep balance as her mind was still fuzzy with the alcohol from the night before. 

When Bethany was sure she could walk around the room with the proper care required, she began stepping over the various articles of clothing, mostly his, towards her jeans. Gently she lifted the pants from their precarious perch and shimmied them up over her thighs and butt, and buttoned the front. Reaching into her pockets to smooth them out along her legs, she pulled one hand back out with a name and a number on it. Bethany didn't remember even getting this, but regardless she let it fall on the desk amidst the other papers, books, and beer bottles. She turned towards the door, stopping at the overturned chair to retrieve her bra. She remembered something about a lap dance and strip tease combo in the haze that was her memory of the previous night, and mentally shrugging she slipped her arms through the straps and clasped the cups at the front with a soft click. 

Her nipples brushed the fabric on the inside of the bra almost painfully as she just now realized how cold it was in the room. Looking around she located the source, a cracked window, something he must have done sometime during the night. She mentally shrugged again, crossing the last stretch of the room towards the door to collect her shirt. Bethany thought about locating her flip-flops, but luckily the things are $5 down at Old Navy, not a huge deal she had dozens of other pairs. She finally reached the door, and bent down to collect her shirt when the door swung outwards. 

"YOU BITCH!" 

"I'm sorry," Bethany said, picking her shirt up off the ground, and looking at the girl standing in the doorway. "Do I know you?" 

"Apparently not, but that didn't stop you from fucking my boyfriend last night did it?!" The girl shouted at Bethany from the doorway. 

Bethany pulled the shirt over her head, adjusting it over her breasts until it hugged them and stopped inches above her waist. She took a quick look over her own shoulder at the now stirring figure in the bed behind her, "Hmmm, guess I did." 

"You guess you did? What the fuck kind of answer is that?" 

"Look, it's not my fault your boyfriend was unfaithful and wanted a little more woman in his life. Maybe you should try pleasing him more often." Bethany said shrugging. The girl in front of her glowed with rage, Bethany could plainly see that, but what could she do when Bethany only spoke the truth. 

The girl in front of her was easily 4 inches shorter than Bethany, and although she had a fairly good figure, it paled in comparison to Bethany's curves. The girl stood stock still, her mouth working furiously, but no words came out, and that's when Bethany heard a voice from behind her. 

"Jesus, can you two keep it down, my head is still spinning." 

"Don't you even fucking talk Jared!" The girl yelled into the room, and the slow rustling quickly became hurried stammering. 

"Uh...Kim, um, what are you...uh, doing here?" 

"What do you mean 'What am I doing here?' What the hell is she doing here!?" 

"Kim, honey this isn't what it looks like." 

"Oh yes it is." Bethany said stepping out from between the two quarreling lovers, "Own up for what you did, be a man like you were last night." 

"Shut up you whore!" The girl named Kim yelled at Bethany. She looked at Jared again tears streaming down her face, "How could you..." And left the doorway, the door to the common room slamming behind her. 

The man named Jared groaned and flung himself out of bed, grabbing the first pair of shorts and shirt that he could find. "Thanks for the help Beth." 

"Not my fault she got here before I could leave," Bethany said walking out into the common room. "Besides it's your problem not mine. I didn't even know you before last night, other than you're one of Tim's friends." 

"I should tell Tim what you did." Jared said locking the door to his room and jogging across the common room. 

"Tell Tim what? That you fucked me last night? Ya, that will go over real well, good plan." Bethany said stepping into the hallway before Jared slammed the door behind them both. "Besides if he doesn't know by now he's more naive than I thought." 

Jared looked at her for a second, "Just how many guys have you fucked behind his back." Then quickly he shook his head and took off down the hallway, "Never mind, I don't wanna know. But I'm gonna tell him to drop your ass before he gets hurt." 

Bethany watched Jared run down the hallway and shook her head with a wry smile on her face. Men make no sense, she thought, if you tell him you fucked me and he doesn't know already you'll be doing the hurting, not me. But whatever, not my problem. Time to head back to Tim's dorm and get my stuff so I can take a nap before work tonight. 

*** 

Bethany walked into Tim's room to see his phone still in his hand. To say she didn't care about Tim wouldn't be an accurate statement, she did love him, just as she loved most other men. They were all the same, or at least close enough. Most of them thought only with their dicks, and that's what led them to do things like what Jared had done last night. Others, like Tim, actually showed genuine affection for women, and as good as that was, in Bethany's opinion there was something primal and exhilarating about just letting go and giving into desires. That's why she often obliged men when these urges overcame them, but she had standards, and although some she fully admitted were her idea from the get go she didn't consider herself a slut. 

She merely helped them the same way they helped her, relieve that built up tension. 

"I just got off the phone with Jared." 

"Oh, what'd he say?" 

"He says he got a lapdance, a blowjob and fucked you last night." 

Bethany's eyes went wide, "He really said that?" 

Tim set his phone down on the bed beside him, and took both hands to rub at his eyes and then through his short black hair as he sighed. "How long have you been doing this?" 

"Tim it's not that I don't love you-" 

"Am I really that terrible as a boyfriend?" 

His voice was getting harder along with his tone, and Bethany was getting worried. Tim had never been one to yell or shout or even get angry visibly. Sure in the couple months they'd been together she'd seen him lose his temper, maybe once, and at that briefly. It was actually that quality that she admired in him. His self-restraint. But now, well, "Tim you're a great boyfriend-" 

"Am I not a good enough lover is that-" 

"Would you just let me finish a sentence!" 

"Why?" Tim said turning for the first time to face Bethany. She saw that it wasn't rage in his eyes like she feared, it was anguish, betrayal, pain, "Why should I even give you the time of day to explain yourself? Jared's not the first one to tell me that my girlfriend has a talented tongue. I was waiting for you to come out and admit to it, but you never did." 

"Tim, it's not that you're not a good lover." She watched as he rolled his eyes, "No really, it's just that, well...sometimes I'm in the mood, and you're not, so I...relieve the tension." It was the truth for the most part. Tim was an excellent lover, when he wanted to be, and she was rarely ever left unsatisfied by her boyfriend. And yet, there were times when he was being romantic, or just not in the mood, and well a girl had appetites. And it wasn't like she was out every night looking for a quick fuck, there were just some nights when she couldn't take it. 

"Look Beth, I love you I really do, but I can't date someone who isn't faithful or keeps things from me." Tim said looking away as the words finished leaving his mouth. 

"Are you breaking up with me?" Tim just sat there looking down into his hands, as Bethany asked the question. "Tim I can't believe you would break up with me, I mean," she looked at Tim and suddenly felt anger rising within her, "God damnit look at me Tim!" 

Tim's eyes rose, to meet hers and she could still see the pain in them, "You really want to break up with me?" 

"No I don't...but I have no choice. I can't trust you." 

Bethany was at a loss for words. She'd dated a dozen men before, and she had always broken up with them on her terms. And mostly because she had found another man who pleased her more, but that was beside the point. She was furious, and tugging her shirt off over her head she flung it at Tim, "You would break up with this, look at me Tim, look at this body, you'll never find another girl like this. I hope you're happy settling for second-rate girlfriends when you could have had me." 

Bethany walked over to the chair where she left her purse and clothes, grabbed them and stormed from the room. Tim watched her leave, and sighed, that's the problem, you're only interested in the physical. You are beautiful Bethany, but until you learn to really love someone you'll never be satisfied. The urge will keep growing, and you'll always have that void. But hopefully I can help with that. With that he set Bethany's shirt down walked over to his book shelf, removed a newly black bound leather book, and picking up his phone dialed a number. 

***