 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.

*****

WARNING: There is one scene of human on human rape in this chapter. 

Chapter 3

Earth side

The FBI and USAF were beginning to get the feeling that the missing men were due to the unusual radar signatures found in the areas where the disappearances took place. In many cases footprints on the dirt shoulder of roads just stopped. It had started with just 20 men. Just in the last 24 hours 1100 men had disappeared from rural areas in Wisconsin and Northern Arizona. The same areas the first disappearances had taken place. 

When F-18 fighters spotted a large oval craft moving at incredible speed, it was clear that these were not terrestrial kidnappings. They were abductions. Backtracking the course of the ship showed it had just taken 2000 men from Goodyear AZ. 

The F-18's could not keep up, let alone get a target lock when the craft had been in range. The pilots were sworn to secrecy upon landing after the failed sortie. 

The US Government were informed that around the world, nearly 3 million men had been abducted. All aged 20 to 40. 

By the next week another six million, the week after 12 more million. Then a couple million women went missing from Russia and China. 

Three weeks later the alien forces stopped hiding. Warships showed up and destroyed most all of the military forces, disabling all of the nuclear weapons upon arrival. Thanks to Nanny 6, they knew how to use translators so they could be heard in English. 

It was clear they meant to enslave the entire planet. All men from age 20-40 were shipped away once found. The smart people hid in the woods and countryside. 

Deep under a Colorado mountain in NORAD, Tests were being done on a few live Ganks. Scientists worked day and night to find a chemical or germ that would kill them, but leave humans uninjured. Salt never occurred to the scientists.

NANNY 6

Nuphies, the queen, has me live in her quarters away from the harem. She never goes in that room as far as I can tell. She can lay an egg about once a week. On the nights she can't. she fucks me and fills me with her slippery hormone. I think she is in love with me. She has even learned how to kiss like a human. 

I'm three weeks pregnant, which means I have 9 more weeks to go. I've started eating some of the raw plants they eat. Most are pretty tasty, but play havoc on my stomach, giving me raging heartburn. I think it is because the PH in the water here is so acidic. I won't eat the queens eggs, it is a taboo in my mind, and I'm sure she thinks the same way, although she hasn't said as much.

All of my water comes from her. It is natural for me to drink from her now. I think I've been here a couple months. Time is impossible to know, as the days are so much longer here. 

This morning my Queen came to me after she ate breakfast in the dining room.

"Nanny, the first of the harvest has arrived. Could you help our slave auctioneers in classing them?" She stopped talking and looked down. "I'm sorry Nanny, I know this is something that might be hard for you. Turning against your own race. You should know that I care about you, and I think we have a bond between us. If you were not a slave of the human race, I'd have married you weeks ago. I ask this as a favor."

"Why can a human not be married to the Queen it loves?" I asked in Gank, no translator needed.

Her face looked up, astonished. 

"You love me? You learned our language?" She walked closer to me as I lay in her bed. Her penis twitched.

"I fell in love with you when you gave me your egg. That night was uh 'jumper'." I said. I knew the last word was wrong.

"You mean Special?" She corrected.

"Yes, special. I have been studying your language since I arrived, with the translator in my ear it was easy to learn." I admitted. 

"We may have to change the law as only humans can be nannies." She said quietly. "I never expected this to happen, but I think I love you too. I cannot wait to be with you, you are the highlight of my day, everyday. I will change the law. Okay?" She looked at me with her dark eyes. Her penis was hard and she was putting out her breeding scent. 

"Thank you my Queen Mistress." I said and bowed.

"If we are married, you can call me by my name. Oh and you will have to get a name." She smiled.

"May I get a nanny name?" I asked.

"You don't want your old one back?"

"Not if I am married to you and the King, I need to set an example, and take a nanny sex name."

"Very thoughtful" She said as she sat next to me on the bed. "You know if we marry, and pass the laws, you will be royalty too. The royal nanny is called "Frask". 

I turned the translator back on, and asked the Queen to say it again.

"Frask" She said. 

The translator came back with "Royal Womb"

"I'm a walking womb?" I asked. She set her hand on me.

"It is Royal Womb. The common word is Drask, which is common womb or..."

"Nanny, I get it." I finished.

She put her arms around me.

"So will you help the auctioneer?" She kissed my cheek. 

"Yes I will help. I just hope you can convince the King to change the law." I said worriedly.

"Who do you think runs this world?" She said and smiled. She gave me a very human style kiss.

I was in love with her.

A week later, I was looking over men and classifying them by perceived health. I wasn't sure if my Gank fiancee, had passed the law yet or not. My baby was kicking the shit out of my bladder and I had to be excused to piss every hour. 

"Fat, class 5, shouldn't haven't been harvested. Age is most likely 45. Next. Perfect class 1 nanny, age is about 22. Next." I had been doing this for three days already and I was insanely bored. The Queen gave me a female human to keep as a slave on my own as I was away from the palace, They used the Professors illegal mind wash on her so she'd be loyal to me. Even with her company, the work was tedious. I liked the human woman "Carrie", yet I missed my fiancee.

"Not bad, class 3, age is 30." I was told I only had 22,000 to go. My baby was pounding my bladder again. 

"Time out" I said in Gank.

I went to the bathroom and climbed up on the toilet. I knelt on the seat and peed. 

"You sound tired" A Gank voice said.

"Exhausted" I said back in Gank. "I can't classify all of these humans, it is an endless job."

"You are right. Get off that toilet and kneel" The voice said. I looked over my shoulder and saw the King. I damn near fell off the 4 foot high toilet.

I climbed down and knelt at his feet. 

"I don't care much for you, but you are going to continue my lineage. I have changed the laws, you will be married to us tomorrow. You need to get back to the palace as the world will watch as the first human is married to us." He said. He touched my head.

"You had better give me many more children Demoja Frask" He said.

"Yes my King, your child is kicking, would you like to feel it?" I said quietly, as I tried to memorize the name they had given me. 

He waved me to stand and held out his giant hand over my lower abdomen. The baby kicked for him, and he smiled. God he stinks. He's gross. I was happy that I disgusted him as much as he disgusted me. He left and I was escorted to a sky sled.

On the way back to the palace I turned on the translator and said "Demoja" into it.

"The Blessed" It said.

I was "The blessed Royal Womb.". That was my name. 

The sky sled was like a taxi. It flew at about 300 feet above the ground and was cold to travel in. The wind blew in from the open sides. They were designed this way as rushing wind is relaxing to the Gank, like a car ride for toddlers with humans. 

I held my hands to my lower abdomen and rubbed my baby. 

As soon as I was home Nuphies greeted me at the door. I ran to her arms and she picked me up and held me. She kissed and licked my face. Gank kiss like dogs. 

She set me down so I could walk on my own. We went to her side of the palace and she took off my collar. 

"You are no longer a slave. Tomorrow you are my Frask, my Demoja." She threw the collar behind her. 

"Thank you for the name Nuphies. It means a lot to me." I said. 

"Are you hungry Demoja?" She asked.

"Starving. You have any meat besides slave eggs?" I asked. The craving was driving me nuts. Nuphies looked at me with sad eyes, but said nothing at first.

"Love the baby needs protein, and I want something other then eggs. That is all!" I explained.

Nuphies slowly nodded. Eating meat was something that the lower classes did, but she never thought about how a human might need protein. She touched the red spot on the wall.

"I need the human food called "steak" in my dining room" She said and smiled at me."I harvested some of your animals and downloaded your internet. You will eat your food from now on. It will be good for our baby. You will still need to drink from me." She seemed apologetic.

"Thank you my love!" I said. I hugged her as best as I could. My arms could barely reach to her back. If I didn't know better, I would have thought she was crying.

Nuphies would not be in the room when I ate meat. The smell of it made her sick. However, she loved the results. I was gaining weight, as was my baby. 

Today she was showing me a new building that had just been built. It was built to harvest semen from humans. It was set up like a dairy barn, only much cleaner. It was 4 stories high, with a bunk level at every 5 feet. It could house 36,000 men. 

"Will you tell me if this makes you cum Demoja?" She held a device over my penis. I nodded and she attached it. It felt like the tightest cunt I had ever fucked as it worked over my cock. I came in minutes. I nodded. 

A technician took it off. 

"Why do you need this Nuphies?" I asked.

"Our race cannot process salt well, yet we need it in small doses. Your bodies take a corrosive element and turn it into something we can enjoy as a condiment." She explained.

I laughed. "Our cum, is your ketchup." I said. I had to explain ketchup to her but then she nodded.

"Yes exactly." She smiled. I pictured bottles of human cum on the shelf of a Gank grocery store. I could not stop giggling at the thought.

She looked at me strange and I stopped. 

"That sound you make, what does it mean?" She asked.

"It means I find something funny. Dear, I thought of bottles of human cum on shelves in your trade posts. Like we have ketchup." I said.

"I understand." She smiled and nodded.

I told her stories about my life, as we sat on the bed. I told her about camping. She was very curious when I spoke about fire. I explained it several times. She still had no clue.

I went outside the palace into the yard and found two pieces of dried woody material. I tried to create fire, with a fire bow. Nothing happened. I asked for a flint rock. The translation didn't accept it. I asked for my old clothes. I had a lighter in my pocket.

The lighter was handed to me. I struck it over and over. Sparks would fly but the flame would not come. Something in the air prevented fire. It was baffling.

"You can show me in the earth simulator Demoja!" My fiancee said. We took a long ride in her sky sled to the university. The speed of these vehicles were almost the speed a fighter pilot had to take during flight. It was hard to breathe, as the G-forces were 4 times more then normal. My Queen seem to be unaffected. I looked out the window. 

This world had something that resembled trees, but they were short, like fruit trees. Nothing grew very high here. The scientist in my brain thought this odd, as the gravity was almost the same as Earths, slightly less in fact. It explained how the Gank had become so tall, but not why the plants were so stunted.

Before I finished this reasoning we pulled up into a new city. The sled landed next to a stone building. The words on the front were still a mystery. I assumed it was the University. I stepped out of the sled and was hit with a familiar smell. I had been here before. It was the smell of of the trees blooming. It smelled like candy corn and cinnamon. 

Three things hit my mind at the exact same time. I now understood nearly everything as I looked out at the green colored soldiers that were assigned to protect us. 

One. Human males were more acceptable as a breeding partner as they have a penis, as does most animals on this world. Two. The darker green a male is the more desirable he is. The darker blue a female is the more desirable she is. Three. Females and nannies are seen as delicate, and must be protected. 

The soldiers and guards were always male. Yet the Queen had the most power, her husband was a symbol. He ate instead of ruled. I smiled.

We walked into the simulation room, and I found myself breathing very easy compared to normal once the room was sealed and filled with a Earth type air. Nuphies was having a hard time breathing. 

I took some of the plant matter that was supplied and built a fire bow. I began to work it till a fire ignited. Nuphies ran away.

"Love, this is fire. It will not hurt you unless you try to touch it!" I yelled. She stopped and looked at it walking back to me slowly. Transfixed by this energy she had not seen anywhere but space.

"It's like a small star!" She came closer, feeling the heat. "Why does that not work here?"

"Carbon Dioxide. I have a hard time breathing here, I think it's because you have higher carbon dioxide then Earths, and a lower level of Oxygen." I said. She pushed in the translator. Then nodded.

"We inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen. Our lungs work opposite of yours." Nuphies said quietly watching as the small fire burned down.

"That explains why I can breathe better around you." I told her about plants on Earth and about the rain forests. I explained in great detail the history of earth, and how humanity had ruined it.

"Demoja, we have to go." She said as she watched the flames die.

"Why? I can make the fire happen again." I stated.

"Our wedding is in three hours, and I have to burn off your hair." She said in monotone watching the flame become smoke. She was transfixed. I grabbed her large hand and she broke her gaze at the dead fire. 

"It was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen Demoja!" She said as we got into the sky sled.

My head was bald as was the rest of my body. I was now as bald as the Gank. My legs felt weird and smooth. I kinda liked it, but what I could not stop touching was my head. 

"Stop touching yourself, it is disrespectful!" A slave I knew from the harem said. He was a smallish male, maybe 6-9. I didn't know his name. 

"What is your name?" I said in Gank. The male was shocked to hear my human voice say it.

"Sirtis my Frask!"

"Sirtis, I am admiring my new body. Today I become Gank. Today you become My slave. Is that clear?" I said teasing. Sirtis looked at me and smiled. "Yes my Frask."

I leaned over and licked him like a Gank would. 

"Miss you." I whispered. He smiled. 

"Please take me in your harem?" He lowered his head as he asked.

"No." I said and walked to the doors as the drums began to beat and the shaking of branches began. The sign I was to meet my male and female in marriage. 

For the first time I wore something. A band on my head and a string around my penis. The string that was tied to it dragged behind me. I walked to a small stage that reminded me of a theater. 

A Gank wearing strings tied all over his muscles groups danced as I arrived on stage and stomped and yelled nonsense. He had warpaint on his face. 

I looked at the King, who did not look back at me. He focused on the "priest?" who was now pissing all over the stage and on our feet. He stopped. He stood still. 3 minutes past as the priest stood still.

I looked at Nuphies. She had her head down. I looked at the King, he had his head down, and his eyes were closed.

"THE GODS SAY IT IS SO!" The priest yelled. Nuphies grabbed my body and picked me up. She began to run away from the ceremony as fast as she could. As she ran I finally found my voice.

"What is-is hap- happening?" I was getting high on oxygen as she ran with me cradled in her arms. Her exhales were almost pure oxygen.

"It's a test." She panted. "As to which mate you with sleep next to everyday.' She swallowed then said, "I have to get you to my side of the palace before he can take you away and take you to his side!" Her legs were pumping hard underneath me.

"Stop! He's not chasing us. He doesn't want me!" I yelled. Her paced slowed only slightly.

"Clarify!"

"He thinks I'm disgusting, like most males here." I said as I wrapped my arms around her neck and pulled myself up to kiss her. She smiled a pure Gank smile, and slowly set me down on my bare feet.

"You are my Frask, Demoja. Finally!" She grabbed my smaller hand in hers. 

That night she let me fuck her hole. She was eager to try, now that we were equals, but felt pain when I penetrated her. Like me, she stuck it out till I lost my load in her tight blue ass. I never thought an alien that large would have such a tight hole. But it felt great. She fucked me, then I fucked her again, this time she rode my cock. She began to make that squealing sound. I was close to cumming so I slowed, I wanted to make it last. 

I reached up and grabbed her shoulders and began to push her down on my cock. That noise came again. It was ear splitting. I realized what was happening when an egg landed on my stomach. That was her first anal orgasm. 

After the egg was out she could fuck me all she wanted. My ass was a sloppy, sticky wide mess after our wedding night. To be fair, hers was too. 

The egg was put in a freezer, and we both cleaned up. She showered, then I laid in the tub as she pissed on me. They have soap , and it works well. It sucks that the water here cannot be used by me in any fashion. 

We had a small meal, and I drank from her. Before bed I recited poetry that I remembered from Earth. Her dark eyes became glassy.

"You are doing something to me...is this mind control???" She seemed a bit upset.

"No, it is called romance. I am appealing to your heart, the part of you that feels love."

"Why do I feel...sad. No wait happy."

"That is love."

"I'm scared Demoja." She really was scared, she was cringing.

"No need dear wife, I will protect and love you."

Love was alien to them. And she finally understood it.

UGH 12 weeks prego. The child wants out! I can feel his nails beginning to claw at my passage. I'm alone, no one to help me...help! The kid is going to bleed me alive with his talons!

I woke on the table.

"Frask you need to breathe, and don't push yet" The blue female nurse instructed.

"Demoja, hang on. I love you!" My wife said. The Queen of 6 billion Ganks, and now 400 million slaves was at my bedside.

"Nuphies, it fucking hurts." I said in English. She didn't wear her translator anymore as I spoke near perfect Gank 

"Okay my Frask, I can see it's hands, it is time to push.!" The nurse yelled. I buckled down and pushed hard. I felt it's arms on my ass cheeks and I knew it was out. I heard it scream. 

I was completely exhausted, and slightly embarrassed when about 5 pounds of shit fell out of my open hole. Yet I managed to ask.

"Boy, girl or nanny?" I breathed.

"You had a son this time my Frask, congrats!" The nurse said. Then something seemed wrong. All of a sudden everyone was yelling. I was getting really tired. Someone put something on my face.

The double brat at Schultz's restaurant in Sheboygan WI is good. But the burgers are better. The cheese curds are to die for. The crunchy outside...

AHHH! I inhaled.

"You nearly bled out Frask. The boy clawed his way out. You are okay now." That soft voice.

"Nuphies?"

"Yes my love. I am here. You need to drink." She put her cock in my mouth and slowly watered me. 
