 Chapter 2: Paperwork

Sandra looked at the clock. It was 10:30. Sandra took a moment to wonder how Eric was doing and, then, what their room looked like. She reached forward and brought the manila folder into her lap. The document on the top of the file was already filled in with details about Sandra and Eric's truck, such as its make, model, and license plate number, and it had a space for credit card information, which was also already filled in. 

Sandra reflected, "I guess that saves time", and followed-up with, "It's a bit strange that there's nothing to write with." 

As she held the page in her hand, confirming the accuracy of the information that had been printed onto the form, her initials appeared in a blank space following the statement, "I CONFIRM THAT THE INFORMATION ON THIS PAGE IS ACCURATE." 

Sandra thought, "That's very weird and hard to explain, but I guess this page is done. Let's look on the bright side. Thanks to the tea, that should not be a problem." 

She flipped the first document over and discovered that the next one contained various demographic details about herself and Eric, including their ages (with birth dates), occupations, address, their heights and weights, their allergies, emergency contact numbers, their gross incomes, their ethnicities (Caucasian X 2) and religious affiliations (none X 2), and their social and economic political orientations (they were both categorized as very socially liberal and moderately economically liberal). Sandra couldn't find any inaccuracies on the form, so her initials magically appeared, once again, at the proper location at the bottom. Sandra was impressed and a bit unsettled by how much information they had on herself and her husband, but any people who can select people and unconsciously compel them to travel to an isolated, though lavish, Ontario resort must have the means to find out basic demographic information about their guests.

Ok, done with that page. Sandra peeled it to the side to see what was next. The next document consisted of several pages made of a glossy type of paper that were stapled together at the top, left-hand corner. The title of the document, judging by what was written at the top of the first page, was, "GUEST PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS". Her name was typed in directly below this heading. Just below that, Sandra read the following instruction: "PLEASE DESCRIBE YOUR FACIAL FEATURES". This request was a bit frustrating, since Sandra didn't have a pen or pencil to write everything down. She sat there wondering how in the world she was supposed to complete the forms without anything to write with. A couple of minutes passed with Sandra taking this opportunity to take some sips of water. Turning her gaze back to the sheet of paper, she noticed an image gradually appearing on the page. Over the course of about 30 seconds, Sandra watched a glossy image of her own face emerge. Sandra normally hated getting her picture taken, but she couldn't deny that this one looked great, like the cover of a fashion magazine. It was just her directing a fierce, top model gaze at the camera. 

Sandra thought, "Wow. That's very cool. Eric is going to love that when he does his. That is some crazy technology..." 

As Sandra marvelled, her initials appeared at the bottom of the page, as it had on the previous documents. She flipped to the next page, and there she discovered another instruction: "PLEASE DESCRIBE YOUR LEGS AND FEET". She looked down at the slim, well-toned limbs poking out from her sundress and then stared at the page as two images emerged; a front-view of legs up to mid-thigh level and feet that rested in a pair of black high heel shoes and a rear-view of the same legs in the same pair of shoes. 

She thought, "Maybe those aren't even my legs." 

So, she inspected them carefully for the few moles that were scattered her and there on her shins and thighs. It was easy to confirm that the same moles on her were also on the same locations as the legs in the picture. The legs looked terrific on the paper, but neither them or her face had been airbrushed of moles or freckles. She convinced herself that it definitely was her own legs in the picture. 

She thought, "I'm not sure why they would really need information about my legs, but I'm very impressed!" Then, matter-of-factly, she thought, "I have awesome legs." While she was musing, her initials appeared at the bottom of the page. 

She turned the page over and then stared fixedly at the instruction on the following page, as her jaw slowly dropped. The instruction was: "PLEASE DESCRIBE YOUR BREASTS". Sandra thought, "Oh, no...", and squirmed a bit in her seat. She looked around to check that the room was still empty. It was, and she was relieved, but she still felt her face flush hotly as two images gradually emerged on the page. One picture was of a profile of her handful-sized bare breasts and the other was a frontal view. There was no doubt that they were hers, based on the same type of distinctive attributes that she used to recognize her own legs on the previous page. They did appear a bit oiled and shimmery, like the centerfold's breasts in a Playboy magazine, but it was still easy for her to tell that, yep, those are my nipples and, ya, those certainly are my firm little titties. As before, initials appeared in the proper location. Sandra was a bit nervous to move on to the next page, so she took another drink of water. She felt a bit, well, exposed, from the shock of her perky rack appearing in two-dimensional form, even though they did look great.

She turned to the next page and encountered the instruction: "PLEASE DESCRIBE YOUR PUSSY". She tensed and closed the folder and tossed it to her left. She thought, "'PUSSY', really?" She could feel herself blushing brightly and her mouth went dry. She took a moment to pour herself another cup of hot tea and sat back for a sip, trying not to spill with her arms trembling from the insanely personal nature of the check-in documents at this resort. She took a sip and her anxiety dropped to zero, almost at the same instant she felt the hot liquid slide down her throat. As before, she also felt surprisingly confident, as before, but it was more than that. She also felt completely shameless. Her embarrassment at her breasts appearing on the form vanished. Instead, she felt aroused about how pretty they looked. She turned to that page again and admired them, as though she could do so objectively for the first time in her life. Yes, they were small, but she seemed able to imagine what they would look like from a man's perspective and her mouth started watering a bit; she had the odd desire to suck on them and slide her hard penis between them. She shook her head to re-focus. After another sip of tea, she placed the cup back on the tray. 

"Ok.", she thought, "Now that I think about it, 'PUSSY' seems a very sexy label to use. Anyway, I'm sure that this will all just go in some dusty file cabinet, somewhere. The folder has the word "CONFIDENTIAL" printed on it, after all. I suppose there is some reason for needing this information. Maybe it's for blackmail, so that we don't tell anyone about this ultra-exclusive resort. Maybe it's for spa treatments..."

She flipped to the next page and a full-page image of the front of her nude body emerged, depicting everything from her waist to the middle of her thighs. The folds between her legs were completely free of hair, which was consistent with Sandra's daily shaving ritual. 

She thought, "Yes, that's definitely my pussy. I'd know it anywhere." 

Initials appeared at the bottom of the page, but this time there were also the words, "...continued on the next page". She was now relaxed and happy, with her anxiety from before replaced by a strong curiosity. She turned the page and her eyes-widened as three images appeared. On the top third of the page, there was full-frontal picture of her nude body lying on a bed; her eyes were staring directly at the camera she had a slight smirk on her face. The middle third was occupied by a naked picture of her sitting on the side of a bed with her legs spread wide and an expression that a person would make if they just got caught doing something naughty, but they don't feel particularly remorseful about it. The bottom image showed her with her legs spread, as in the previous one, but the picture was taken from above. Also, her knees were pulled up, such that her feet were resting just below her rear end. In this image, her eyes were closed and the expression signalled deep arousal. 

This was a view of her privates that Sandra had never had before. Again, instead of embarrassment, she experienced only arousal, feeling her own, three-dimensional pussy getting slippery. Her reaction was strange, as when viewing her breasts. She couldn't help imagining sticking a hard penis into the vagina owned by the woman in the image. She wanted celebrate the beauty of it so dramatically that she had the strongest desire to squirt a load of semen in and all over it and all over her stomach and chest. She wanted to suck on the woman in the image, tasting her all over. She shook her head vigorously, again. She thought, "How is it possible for me to objectify myself? Regardless, I am very delicious looking...but, I know I never had these pictures taken. They must be computer-generated phonies, I guess." 

Now, she was only excited to see what was on the next page. Having spent enough time reflecting on her obscene poses, she turned to the next page and encountered the instruction: "PLEASE DESCRIBE YOUR SWEET, SWEET ASS". Sandra wondered if that was a typo, because the language seemed a bit suggestive for a professional resort and/or spa. It's one thing to call a vagina a pussy, but this was a notch more lusty even. She didn't feel offended, either because of the tea or because she was already beyond the point of being offended, after having gone through the previous pages. Soon, a full-page nude image of her rear view from waist to mid-thigh appeared on the page. Her bottom was small, yet round and firm. Her legs were parted just slightly, such that her little vagina pouch was just visible, tucked behind her asscheeks. 

"Yep, there's my bottom", she confirmed, mentally, and her initials appeared. As with the previous full-page image of her pussy, this page also had, "...continued on the next page", written on the bottom, right-hand side. 

"Oh, boy,...", she thought. 

She turned the page and two images appeared. The top image showed her bent over a bed with her legs spread wide beneath her, displaying her tight thigh and calf muscles blending seamlessly with the hard, flexed muscles of her ass. The position provided a clear view of her pussy, with its lips spread apart, just below her other tight little puckered hole. The bottom image showed her naked body facing away from the camera on the bed with her legs spread about two feet apart. She was completely bent over at the waist and both of her hands were grasping the ankle of her left leg. Upside-down, her face peeked out from behind her leg with a cheerful expression. Sandra had an uncontrollable desire to bury her face between her own legs and seemed to acquire a new understanding as to why men would want to put their penis into a woman's ass. Indeed, she surprised herself by fantasizing about sliding a hard, lubricated cock alternately into her own pussy and ass and then spurting a load of cum over the entire area. Sandra's underwear was now noticeably damp from all of these arousing images and dirty thoughts; she was starting to feel desperate for an orgasm. 

"No, don't be ridiculous," she scolded herself. You cannot masturbate in a hotel lobby, even if it appears to be completely deserted." She decided to continue. 

She flipped to the next page and found the following instruction printed there: "PLEASE DESCRIBE THE FIRST TIME YOU HAD SEXUAL INTERCOURSE". 

Before she even had time to reflect, a full-page image appeared of her naked eighteen-year-old self in a dorm room bed with a large young guy on top of her. The image was from a perspective just above and in front of their heads, as though it sat behind her on the headboard. This perspective provided a view of his face, eyes open and with an expression of intense concentration; Sandra's face, eyes closed and mouth open in a gasp; and his hard penis halfway enveloped by Sandra's fully-shaved vagina. 

Sandra just nodded this time and thought, "Yes, that's how it happened...". 

Once again her initials appeared, and then she turned the page. The instruction stated: "PLEASE DESCRIBE YOUR FAVOURITE SEXUAL POSITION". Without delay, an image of Sandra appeared, in profile. She was lying on her stomach with the side of her face pressed into a pillow, looking blissfully at the camera. Her knees were pulled up and spread apart, arranged so that her rear was tilted upwards, and just behind her, an unfamiliar dark-haired man had three-quarters of the length of his cock buried in her pussy. Now, the only thing Sandra could feel or think about was the throbbing that was emanating from her clitoris. Her thoughts were muddled, but she managed to recognize that it was definitely her in the picture and that, indeed, was her favourite position. Initials appeared, and Sandra was concerned that she would lose control if she needed to go through too many more pages like this. It seemed as though there were only a couple more pages in the booklet, so she supposed it was possible that she wouldn't cum all over the sectional before her task was complete.

On the next page, there was the instruction: "PLEASE DESCRIBE YOUR DIRTIEST SEXUAL FANTASY". Two images then emerged. The top image was of Sandra, with the picture taken from a floor perspective, just behind and to her right-hand side. Sandra was nude, positioned on her hands and knees on a matted gymnasium floor. Underneath her was a very fit man and there was another equally well-formed man on top of her. The man underneath had the full-length of his cock in Sandra's pussy and the one on top had his cock fully buried in her ass. Also, on her hands and knees was a short, petite, big-breasted, fit woman with long, straight blonde hair, positioned so that her pussy lips were pressed into Sandra's face. It was apparent that Sandra was busy French-kissing the woman's pussy. The bottom image was from the same perspective and had Sandra in the same position, except that one of the men was kneeling in front of her and she was enthusiastically in the process of sucking his 8-inch cock, while the other man was behind, sliding his cock into her pussy. In this case, the woman's head was between Sandra's legs, with the length of her tongue deep in Sandra's pussy. 

Sandra reflected, "Interesting; a four-way, with two guys and a girl and some double-penetration. I haven't spent much time thinking about my dirtiest fantasy, but that looks like a crazy amount of fun." 

Then, she noticed that there was another, "continued...", prompt at the bottom of the page. She turned the page and found a full-page image from a more distant perspective than the ones on the previous page. That perspective revealed several rows of chairs arranged in a circle around the foursome, occupied by dozens of men and women, all of whom seemed to be rubbing themselves and a few of whom seemed even to have freed themselves of enough clothing to fully masturbate as they watched Sandra and her friends pleasure each other. Her initials appeared at the bottom of the page and Sandra could think of no reason to dispute them. 

She had never been an exhibitionist in her life. She never even flashed her tits to anyone that she wasn't involved with, before, like many of her friends did on a weekly basis during her university and law school years. Still, she couldn't deny a part of herself that wished she could be so provocative and admired the boldness. She had spent many nights going to see female strippers with male friends and boyfriends and very much admired the most confident ones that really appeared to enjoy their jobs. It wasn't at all difficult for her to concede that public, group sex would be her nastiest sexual fantasy. 

She flipped to the next page, and on it was written: "THANK-YOU VERY MUCH FOR YOUR RESPONSES. THEY WILL BE KEPT IN THE STRICTEST CONFIDENCE BY RESORT STAFF". The last document provided details about her and Eric's medical history and included indications that they were healthy, both mentally and physically, and that they were disease-free. There was also a statement: "I AGREE TO ABIDE BY ALL OF THE RULES OF THIS RESORT DURING MY STAY". She didn't know what the rules were for this resort and, appropriately, the space where her signature was meant to go remained blank. Obviously, there was nothing more she could do to complete her task right now, so she set the folder back on the tray. She tried very hard to manage her arousal levels, regularly telling her hands not to reach between her legs. She glanced at the clock on the wall above the front desk and discovered that it was now 11:00 AM. She considered the kind of space-aged technology that would allow the powerful folks who ran this resort to generate images of her in all of those poses and situations. Also, what magical substance was in that tea? 

"A person could get addicted to that tea," she speculated.