 Bethany was drunk. She knew she was drunk, and yet that was so far packed away in her mind that she hardly registered it screaming out when she threw Jared backwards onto the bed. She had conveniently placed that part of her thought process behind when she had allowed those guys in there to do body shots off of her half-naked body, which quickly escalated to her now greedily sucking on his tongue as it darted in and out of her mouth. Pleasure had replaced reason for the moment, and pleasure, well, who could argue with that?

She vaguely remembered that girl, what was her name again? Oh ya, Kim, she thought as Jared slowly pushed her shoulders back forcing her body down to the lower half of his. She was his girlfriend, just like Tim was mine. Well guess there's no going back now. And that was the extent of her thoughts on the matter, because by now she was undoing the buttons on Jared's jeans and unzipping his fly. Expertly she slid his jeans down around his ankles, and sitting up she saw that he was reaching for a condom. 

Oh no you don't, not yet anyways, Bethany thought as she crawled up his body, resting her butt right at the base of his crotch so she could feel his raging erection through the boxers against her backside. She slid back a little, hearing a slight groan as his dick rubbed against her moist lips. Sliding her hips slowly over his dick, she could feel the heat through the boxers and she leaned forward her head resting above Jared's so that he had a clear view of her pendulous breasts. Without any encouragement required the man had enough thought process to put down the condom in his hand and reach up to fondle her breasts. Fingers tracing their way over her nipples sent waves of electricity through Bethany, and then he leaned up his tongue continuing the job on one tit while his hands continued their work. 

Her hips began gyrating faster, the wetness of her pussy soaking through the thin panties she still had on. Suddenly with a surge of strength Jared pushed hard on her breasts and shoulders flipping them, but Bethany wasn't exactly ready for him to have his way. Lying on her back she watched as he slid her panties down her legs, and she helped him by raising her legs one at a time as he pulled them through the loops. Once her legs were free, with Jared sitting back on his heels, she slid down on the bed, her legs wrapping themselves over his shoulders, bringing her slit right up to his face.

Bethany arched her back as surges of pleasure coursed through her nearly causing her to lose her grip on his shoulders with her legs as his tongue probed between her lips. Feeling her body begin to relax from his manipulations, his arms reached out cupping her supple ass and bringing her closer to his mouth. His tongue soon found a small nub within the folds and with a quick lick, followed by a shortness of breath from his companion, he continued his exploration of her clit.

God he's so...ugh...good at this, Bethany thought as she felt her body losing more and more strength. If he keeps this up...I'm gonna...oh GOD...cum. But we can't have that now can we...not yet. She let her legs drop from the sides of his shoulders as her pussy descended from his face. Using all her strength she sat up and grabbed his shoulders, twisting him around until he was back in his original position on his back. She slid back down his body, feeling the sweat mixing with the fluids from between her legs. She grabbed his boxers as she continued down his body, bringing them with her and letting his cock spring forth from its confines.

Damn, I don't remember it from last night, but that's quite the sight. Bethany thought. She heard him reach for the bed stand again, but that wasn't what she had in mind. No, now it's my turn to show you my talented tongue, and with that she reached up and cupped his balls in one hand while she licked from the base of his shaft to the tip. The shudder she felt as she went up his cock was amazing, and she followed it up by wrapping her tongue around the head of his shaft and descending on it. Slowly she went up and down, her tongue working the tip as her hands massaged the base of his dick. She could feel his body twitch, and with a quick pop came up off his dick with a smile on her face.

"Why'd you stop?" Jared said exasperated.

"Oh, you'll see," Bethany said leaning forward a little bit, grabbing her breasts in her hands. She brought them up to the base of Jared dick, and enveloped his throbbing cock in tit-flesh, rubbing it between her breasts. She saw him tilt his head back in pleasure, and she lowered her head to meet his dick licking the tip with a wicked smile. 

"If you keep this up..." Jared began, but was cut off as another wave of pleasure racked him.

"Oh, no no no, there will be no cumming before me," Bethany said removing herself from his dick. The hot flesh stood erect in front of her as she crawled up his body grabbing the condom from the bedside table, and tearing it open. Looking into Jared's pleasure filled face, she said with a wink, "Let me show you something else I know you'll enjoy."

Taking the condom she put it into her mouth, and sliding back down his body, she plunged her head onto Jared's cock, effectively deepthroating it in its entirety, coating it in the condom. His hot flesh beneath hers was calling, and the twitching rod in her mouth was exactly what she needed. Sucking lightly on the tip as she pulled out, she fingered herself quickly her eyes nearly rolling back in her head before she impaled herself onto his dick.

She began to gyrate her hips, slowly moving up and down on Jared's cock and she could see what this was doing to him. However, she was surprised to find that despite doing exactly what she needed in order to cum, it almost felt as though she was numb inside. What the hell is going on? She thought as she began to move faster and faster on Jared's dick. She could feel his rod inside of her, but it was...numb. Thinking she just wasn't doing enough she reached down and began to finger her clit, trying to get that little extra stimulation. 

Nothing happened. Well nothing except, she felt Jared tense up beneath her and suddenly go limp. GODDAMMIT! She thought, as Jared began to breath heavy. She tried to continue pumping, wondering if she could get herself to cum as he came down. His dick was already getting flaccid, and pissed as she was she knew in his alcohol coma that there was no way he was awake right now, let alone getting back up.

"That was so weird though," She whispered to herself as she dismounted his limp cock, condom still in place filled with his cum. "It's like I couldn't feel a thing, and I didn't even get to...cum?" She said feeling her moist pussy. Juices were still flowing from it and she felt the extreme slickness of her slit. I must have cum, there's no way it would be this wet otherwise. She thought. But then why didn't I feel anything...

All of a sudden, as if in confirmation of her unfelt climax, her body felt as though it had hit a wall of exhaustion. The alcohol, dehydration, and physical exertion finally getting the better of her as she put aside the matters for some other time. Rolling into the other side of the bed where she had spent the night just before, she passed out nearly instantly, her naked body on display for anyone who would happen into the room.

***

"Damn that mortal has some moves," Myrla whispered quietly from her vantage point on the ceiling. "That boy had just about all he could handle, and then some. I wonder if she's just as good sober though? Eh, no matter, I got what I came for," she said patting her stomach as though she had just finished a feast. Myrla had been siphoning off little bits throughout the romp, but had put it into full force when the girl had mounted the man.

Myrla looked down at her hand and saw the orange tattoo had turned black, signifying that she had completed her end of the bargain. "That summoner was right, this is worth my time. Of course," She added nonchalantly, "there is the second part of my duty now. Let's see what kind of fun we can have with little Kim." Myrla descended from the ceiling, landing lightly on the floor next to the sleeping male mortal. "Hmmm, now Kim said I'm supposed to transfer this one's 'beauty' to her, but beauty is such an abstract concept." Suddenly she had a thought and nearly clapped her hands together with glee, stopping herself at the last minute. Why what do they always say, "beauty is in the eye of the beholder," right? Well, let's make this more interesting and see if this fulfills her request.

Myrla took her hand and held it out over Jared's sleeping face, and muttered a few words under her breath. There was a soft glow emanating from her hand for a few moments and then it was gone. However, the glow was replaced by a smile, "So you're a tit-man? Well that just about settles it, let's see if this works."

Myrla rose into the air maneuvering herself above the two sleeping mortals and held out a hand above each. A soft glow enveloped both of them and Myrla watched with a certain amount of glee as the man's penis seemed to shrink a little inside the condom. At the same time, the woman lying on her back suddenly had a slight parting in her pussy as her clit swelled inside. Myrla was happy to see that change worked as she had hoped, but was sad to see the woman's generous breasts lose a little of their size. It's not something that will alarm her, but she'll still find that bra over there a little loose in the morning. Myrla thought to herself. But that little love button, oh I think she'll like that immensely. 

Myrla then looked at her other hand, and saw the purple tattoo had turned black, meaning that her interpretation of the rules with that girl Kim were acceptable. I love open contracts, Myrla thought with a huge smile. Maybe I'll go take a trip over to Kim's place, see if she notices the new "improvements," these two certainly aren't going to be up to anything more tonight. Shame that. And without a second thought the succubus moved forward passing through the wall and into the night.

***