 Tags up front: alien, male-female sex, psychic powers, enhancement, adventure, power fantasy, blowjob, cunnilingus, fantasy sex, male dominant, telepathy, romance, consent, and just a little MFF sex this time.

Prior readers may note I changed Angela's name to Angela. Sorry if anyone got invested in it, but after a while that name just wasn't working for me because reasons.

*

A new phantom lover joined Kyle in the bathroom as he got himself cleaned up. The suite offered a fairly spacious shower, allowing room enough for three, but the blonde Victoria's Secret model couldn't actually bathe him. She posed and flirted in Xin's voice, showing off nudity he'd never actually seen and keeping him in pleasured company. She could even stroke and excite him thanks to her control over his body. But he had to wash his sweat and his semen off of himself.

He couldn't help but stare at that beautiful ass as Xin's new avatar bent over to soap herself up. It was clearly for his own benefit, anyway. "So you said you haven't told me about all your powers yet," he said. "Just how far do they go?"

"Spoilers, baby," she said, pivoting around and taking up a new, stretchy pose. "Spoilers. You'll find out soon enough. Besides, I'm still not at my best. Not remotely."

"Okay," Kyle chuckled. He wanted to reach out and touch her, but this new avatar was far less physical than the one he'd just fucked... or rather, the one that had just fucked him. The blonde here was more for looks and atmosphere than service. "I guess that session just now took some more out of you, didn't it?"

"Yeah. But I wanted it. I wanted you. And I also wanted you to get a taste of how good it feels for the women we're with. It's just a taste, though."

"That's all?" he smirked.

"You don't ever have to doubt how good it feels to be your slut, Kyle," said Xin. "All consent, all the time. Emily's still riding the high we gave her last night."

"Are you still able to sense her?"

Xin's blonde avatar nodded, leaning back and soaping up her breasts while staring at him. "Yep. She's full of your cells after last night. And she likes it. I'll be connected for a while yet." One of her hands slid down her chest to tease the flesh between her legs. "She's working at the desk now, thinking of hotel stuff. She knows this place top to bottom and it's giving me ideas. Can't really follow them given our money concerns, but they're nice thoughts."

"Like what?"

"You really want me to tease you with forbidden fruit?" Xin taunted. "I mean these limitations are all up to you."

"Try me."

"We could stay here a while," she began with a grin. "As long as we want. Give me a little help in recovering my power and I can establish a psychic influence over the whole hotel. Subtle, but effective. Gentle nudging to keep people out of our way. We could claim this whole floor to ourselves without much trouble. Nobody would ever need to know unless we wanted it. No need to clean up after ourselves. Housekeeping can do that. The restaurant is pretty good. This place has everything we need if we don't want to go out.

"Emily isn't the only hottie on staff here, either. If we keep a few of them well-fucked, they'll be my eyes and ears. Between that and my own psychic awareness, I'll know whenever someone new and interesting turns up." Her grin widened, signaling the real joy she had in mind. "Hot sex delivered straight to our door like room service whenever we want. Or poolside. Or in the bar. I see lots of options. This top floor could be a lingerie-and-nudity only zone. We could own this place in all but name and keep the guests and the workforce completely happy while we're at it.

"Or if you want, with a little research we can find an even bigger and better hotel than this one," said Xin. "I'm happy to explore."

His eyes widened. "You can do all that?"

"With a little bit of recovery, yeah," said Xin. "Not even a full one."

"Wait, so you can do more?"

"Minor spoilers," she winked. "Yes. Like I said, I want to fuck and I want to rule. I'm looking forward to getting a little crazy. Territorial. Possessive. Decadent as fuck."

"Wow."

"Up to you. Wouldn't violate any of my ethics."

"We'll have to put that on a to-do list," said Kyle. "It sounds amazing. Still runs into the same issue with money, though. I'm not going to object to avoiding every little cost, but for the big stuff we should at least pay our own way. Somehow." His stomach rumbled, reminding him of more immediate concerns. "In the meantime I guess I'd better go eat. Again."

"We'll think of something soon," Xin assured him. "You're okay with relying on my powers until we get there, though, right?"

"Sure," said Kyle. "I kinda like it."

Her grin returned. "We really are bound to have some rich girlfriends, y'know. And then all this money stuff will be irrelevant."

"I'd like to not rely solely on that, at least," said Kyle. "You know what I mean?"

"I do. We're on the same page now." She paused. "But we are totally fucking our way through a couple of after-parties at the Oscars at some point, right?"

* * *

"I got to go to one of those big parties a couple years ago. It was put together by Mercedes-Benz, because almost all those parties are sponsored. Honestly it got dull fast, though. I think everyone assumed I was there to try to get discovered or hook up with a celebrity. Guess I can't blame them. I'm sure it happens." Angela shook her head, letting the highlights in her slightly curled brown hair catch the light with the motion. "I got a selfie with the Rock out of it. He was really nice. Tarantino was an ass, though."

Jake didn't respond right away. He glanced from his cell phone to the entrance and back again and hardly touched his food. He wore a nice shirt and slacks. He looked good. But he didn't respond until he realized she'd stopped speaking. "I'm sorry, babe, what did you ask again?"

"I didn't ask anything," she said, watching him. He barely made eye contact. He'd spent five minutes straight this morning of gushing about how good she looked (which she damn well did and knew it), and then lots of ogling and flirty banter in the car... until they got close to the hotel, when he got quieter. Now here he was, back to looking at his phone, and the entrance to the hotel restaurant, and the omelet bar for some reason. The server had brought their food already.

"Okay. Sorry. Spaced out for a second. Thinkin' about work stuff."

She followed his gaze to the entrance. A guy walked in, tall and fit with short black hair and a clean shave. He wore a simple black t-shirt and jeans. Angela did a double-take, struck by how hot he was and how he walked and looked around as if it was just another Tuesday morning and he was nobody special. The sight of him stirred something in her. This was a guy to hook a few naughty daydreams on. He had sex appeal for miles. Who wouldn't stare at that?

The question drew her back to her immediate company, though. Jake certainly wasn't staring at the guy. He wasn't paying much attention to her, either. It wouldn't have bothered her but for his effusive promises of a romantic getaway. She'd even taken a couple of vacation days in the middle of the work week for it.

"Jake, what's on your mind?" she asked evenly. Not an accusation, nor a complaint. But she felt both coming on.

"Work stuff," he repeated. No details. No conversation. As if she wouldn't understand. As if they didn't work in the same business. She'd met him while working as a promo girl for a street party. He was one of the promoters. It was a part-time gig for her, but she'd done more than a few. She understood the business, and respected hard work...but not the brush-off.

She held back a sigh and didn't bother trying to press it. Romantic getaway or not, Angela knew she had to break it off with him. She'd known it for a couple weeks now, and felt it coming on before that. If she was honest with herself, she had felt it coming on after the first couple weeks. 

Jake was charming as hell in the beginning. He was a little dudebro sometimes, and sometimes the testosterone was a little more than she liked, but he was confident and energetic and he seemed to have his shit together. He seemed really interested in Angela, too. He'd met her while she was doing a street party promo job, which was easy enough since he was one of the promoters, but he didn't treat her like just another booth babe. He talked to her like an equal and recognized her intelligence.

The warning signs turned up after their first few dates: secrecy, a temper, quick disdain for others, and of course his sketchy friends. They joked about fights in the "past" that didn't sound all that long ago. Twice she noticed his skinned knuckles and his explanations for them sounded dodgy. His gun collection wouldn't have bothered her at all if not for all the rest of those signs.

Today was another sign: a whole romantic getaway planned, all of it a surprise starting with breakfast in this swanky hotel... where he seemed preoccupied with his phone. And with looking around. Once they got to the hotel, he seemed to look anywhere but her. He was anxious. He didn't track their conversation.

The hot guy from the other table walked over to the omelet chef at the buffet bar. Those clothes weren't bought to show anything off, but she could see a trim, lean body under there. That ass was probably incredible in tighter jeans, let alone without pants at all. She noticed the motorcycle boots for an additional note of intrigue, too. He gave off exactly the right measures of danger and safety at the same time. Something about those eyes said she could trust anything he said. How was he alone here?

"So, uh, babe," Jake spoke up, reminding her she wasn't alone. "I gotta be honest about something."

Angela raised an eyebrow, but held her silence. All the shade she felt like throwing out stayed under wraps for now. "What is it?" she asked.

"So, I do have a little work to do today. I just got a message from someone I'm supposed to meet here. Didn't know if he could be here. It would help if he could see you and say hi at least, but not, y'know... have you hang around. Confidentiality stuff, y'know?"

* * *

Xin's phantom bikini model disappeared as soon as Kyle left the suite. She was entirely in his mind again as he walked out into the lobby and followed the signs to the hotel's restaurant, right next to one of its bars. Only a few waist-high walls separated the area out from the rest of the lobby, which was busy enough with guests either lounging or heading out for their plans.

His eyes wandered as he grabbed a table. Most of the hotel guests fell outside his interests, of course. Kyle had always liked to people-watch, but unsurprisingly his eyes were drawn mostly the search for attractive women. His psychic passenger had certainly influenced his mindset already. Xin was quiet while he got settled, checked the menu, and then discovered the omelet chef at work behind a counter along the buffet area. All he had to do was take up a spot on the serving line. He did so, grabbing a plate and waiting.

Most of the drapes over the many windows were drawn back, filling the lobby with natural lighting. The rain had passed and the sun was out again. Kyle noted more than a couple of people with robes over swimsuits. He also noticed how several women noticed his gaze. Every woman who met his eyes gave some sort of grin or other slight sign of welcome... even those who were clearly with someone.

You're the most attractive man in the room and every woman who looks at you knows you're also an incredible fuck, Xin explained.

"What?" Kyle blinked.

"What would you like in your omelet, sir?" the chef repeated.

Ooh! Grab mushrooms. And cheese. And spinach.

Kyle blinked away his surprise and put in his order as Xin requested. You already know what foods you like? he asked silently.

No, I like foods you like because I'm in your body. But I also know enough nutrition from your memories to know what will help my home improvement project. Good job going to school for all that nursing stuff.

Kyle shook his head, stepping aside to wait for his food like everyone else. He had other questions for Xin now: What did you mean before? About being the most attractive and everyone knowing I'm good in bed?

Well, not everyone. Only the attractive ones. I've spotted more of them than you have, actually. As far as how they know, I might be helping a bit with that, but it's completely true. Promise. So why shouldn't they know? Oh, they might not 'know' it through verification, but instinctively? Subconsciously? They know. And it's true.

You're just broadcasting that? All the time?

Not if you're not in the mood, but we're clearly going to be in the mood most of the time. So yes, I'm kinda doing that now, but it's somewhat selective. I'm scouting. Scoping things out. Playing the field. I'm seeing if we would both be interested in any of the women here, and there are a couple of possibilities. I'm probing those possibilities now. Although I did kinda put out a blanket "unrealistically awesome lay" thought 'cause I'm feeling proud and smug.

How does it work, really? You've said it's mostly subconscious but what does that exactly mean?

It starts with a lot of yes/no questions, basically: Are you interested in sex? Are you interested in men? Does the idea of an incredible hookup with no negative consequences appeal to you? Stuff like that. I'm not a computer, but I guess that's a decent analogy for you to understand. I take the hits on my search and comb through and start probing more. Then I make sure they understand what I'm offering is real: That you're an objectively awesome lay. That they really are safe with you. That doing things our way will feel incredibly good. All that. I offer a chance for sexual pleasure without all your societal bullshit, without any of the dangers, without anyone finding out. The more interest I find, the more I might nudge a bit, but only to make them understand this is all really real. I implant some fantasies or poke at ones they're creating on their own. If I feel resistance, I'll back off, but I'm all about pleasure and good vibes so I get lots of consent.

Not everyone goes for it. The first filters are all for orientation and general interest on principle. I'm also not actively trying to persuade anyone right now. The pretty black lady over on your left would be all over it if she wasn't married, but she's pretty attached to her monogamy so I've left her alone. There's another woman in the table back toward yours who came here for a funeral, so she's kinda grieving and not really up for this stuff. But all that said, you'd be surprised how many people would jump for this whole fantasy we provide. Hell, I'm rejecting more on the basis of your tastes than I have rejecting me.

Also, my psychic courtship happens so fast and on such a subtle level they don't consciously process it as an exchange. It feels like their own thoughts, and a lot of it really is. I also have to disguise myself, of course. Can't let people know there's an alien talking to their brains. So yes, it may be a little like an invasion of privacy, like you're thinking now, and I own that. I'm not saying this is totally saintly. But I'm as gentle as can be and I'm only here to do good... in a naughty and self-interested sort of way, but still. Good times only.

Once again, the omelet chef interrupted his thoughts. His food was ready faster than he expected, or perhaps he'd lost track of time "talking" to Xin and watching their surroundings. Kyle stuffed a tip in the glass on the counter, collected his food, and returned to his table.

So you're just tearing through the room? Kyle asked mentally.

On this floor, not counting the outside, I'm up to eight women who'd follow you back to the room if you walked up and said, "Come with me." Half of them would suck your cock as soon as we were in the elevator.

Kyle paused with a forkful of food aimed at his mouth.

I mmmiiiight be subtly suggesting how fucking amazing and glorious it feels to be your sex bitch. Accurate suggestions, of course.

My what?

We. Have. Psychic. Sexual. Super. Powers.

Kyle took a deep breath. "Wow," he murmured, and put the fork in his mouth.

To be clear, I'd be putting in a little more mental preparation by the time we got that far, Xin elaborated, but it's not hard to see the signs. And those are only the ones responding to a little brush of my consciousness. We're not even talking about anyone I'm specifically targeting. So hey, no rush to get done with breakfast, she added teasingly. He put the fork in his mouth.

Honestly, I'm being lazy about the scanning right now. Still settling in. That and you've got me a little preoccupied about this money issue.

That's not about you alone, Kyle thought. We can talk about that. We should. I'm not expecting you to solve all my problems for me.

I know. No worries. My abilities let me scan around for thoughts and ideas faster than we'd manage on our own. More minds, more input. I'm not going deep here. Don't really need to. Your people are awfully fixated on money so it's not hard to get more perspectives. That and, like I said, I'm scoping out the ladies. We're getting kinda horny.

He couldn't argue that. Kyle nearly laughed, but remembered how odd that would look since he was on his own. That didn't take long, he thought. Guess we do have a one-track mind together, huh?

Fuck yeah. Some of it is your new biology. Some of it is me. Go ahead and let your eyes wander, Kyle. Nobody's going to notice. Not in any way that would bother them, at least.

Kyle chuckled as he dug into his second breakfast. He couldn't deny that he felt great, and he really liked Xin's company. He liked what she had to offer, too, exemplified by the several attractive women who seemed to be looking back to him as often as he looked to them. Distant thoughts suggested perhaps checking his email and such on his phone, but none of that seemed terribly important right now. Nothing did. For the first time, sitting at breakfast in this posh hotel among all these other guests, he felt like he actually was on vacation. He and Xin would figure out their money concerns sooner or later.

Or maybe right now, Xin concurred with some excitement. I think. Maybe. I see an opportunity, at least. And I'm pretty sure you'll be more than comfortable with it.

Xin's telepathic urging drew his attention off to another table near the back, with a man and woman in tense conversation. He was in fairly nice clothes. He had his cell phone out, typing at it while speaking to her without looking at her. Something about him suggested Axe Body Spray and mockery of less-fit people at the gym.

The woman was a knockout in a sexy blue top with highlights in her long brown hair. Kyle couldn't see the rest of her behind the table, but everything from the waist up suggested great things... at least physically. She was beautiful but frustrated. Unhappy, almost certainly with her companion.

At a glance, Kyle figured the dude had just dropped some bad news and she was wondering how angry she should be about it. He was looking around now, too, as if expecting someone to join them.

Your instincts are dead on. She was kind of expecting him to pull some bullshit on her and he's in the process now. Their whole bad dynamic is why I didn't notice what a hottie she is right when we walked in. But the more I read of her, she's... kind of ideal for us. Or maybe we're ideal for her. Wow. I wrote her off way too fast.

What's going on? Kyle asked silently. If you wrote her off, why'd you come back to her? Wait, we were both just thinking about money, right?
