 Kim ran until she made it back to her room. Luckily Stephanie had finished her shower and left a hurried note on the white board that she was out partying and if Kim wanted to join she could. Kim just stormed into her room, and collapsed onto her bed, tears welling up. "I can't believe HIM!" She screamed into her pillow. "And that bitch...THAT WHORE!"

Tim took it way too easy on her, there's no way she's ever going to learn. I wish I could teach her a real lesson. And then all at once, an idea popped into her head. So simple she couldn't believe she had forgotten it. Sitting up in bed, trying to dry the tears from her eyes she looked towards the empty space in her room and said, "Myrla I summon you."

Instantly there was a flash of light, which caused Kim to cover her eyes for a brief second before she blinked in shock. "It worked...wait who are you?"

"You summoned me, you tell me." Said the black girl from earlier.

"But I summoned Myrla, who are you?"

"Mortals are so dense," the black girl said then she smiled, "perhaps I should shift into something like this to help you understand." All of a sudden the black girl started floating off the ground, as wings sprouted from the tops of her shoulders. The black skin turned to a dull red color as the clothes she was wearing vanished into her flesh leaving her completely nude. "Better?" Myrla asked.

"Um...ya I guess."

"Alright so what did you want Kim?"

Suddenly Kim felt obliged to answer, and not only that truthfully, directly, as though it was an order not a question. Wait a minute, did she just say my name?!

"How did...you learn, ugh, my name?" Kim struggled out of her mouth.

"Well that's easy dear, it's plastered all around the room." Myrla shrugged. "You're not really a good summoner are you?"

"I'm not a summoner, just a girl." Kim said, finding it hard to resist answering.

"Honey, you're a summoner. I don't show up just for anyone who calls my name." Myrla said then sighed, "Alright I suppose I can stop pressuring you, seeing as we'll get nowhere since you already know my name. Still though I can't believe you made the rookie mistake of summoning me in a familiar place. Didn't you learn anything from that first summoner?"

"Who T-" Kim began clapping her hand suddenly over her mouth.

"Damn," the succubus said winking, "Almost had you and I didn't even have to use this." She said gesturing to her generously proportioned body. "But enough of the foreplay, what do you want I'm almost going to miss my first meal."

Kim suddenly remembered what it was she had summoned the succubus for in the first place. "I want to make a deal with you."

"The other summoner and I already have one."

"But mine will be in addition to that."

"He hardly left me with enough energy to do this job, and now you want to stack onto it." Myrla laughed, "I hardly see a reason to agree."

"I want to make her suffer." Kim said. And something in her eyes must have caught Myrla's attention because she cocked her head and smiled wide.

"Well, that's quite a strong emotion you have there, Kim. I'm intrigued yet again. What did you have in mind?"

"I...I uh," What did I have in mind? She thought. How can I make that hot bitch pay for what she did...that's it! "I want you to take her beauty and give it to me."

"Ooooo, that is quite devious. She loses her charms and you gain them." Myrla said tapping her cheek. "Although there's one problem."

"And that is?"

"Well normally this wouldn't be an issue at all, just a snap of my fingers and instantly she'd be flat as a board and needing a new wardrobe to fit her new waistline, but alas I only have limited power thanks to...what was his name again?"

"Nice try." Kim said looking at Myrla, "So what you're saying is you don't have enough power to do it."

"Not with what I currently have...although," Myrla said winking, "you could lend me some of yours."

"Is that all you'd need?"

"Well that and switching traits in this universe tends to get really hairy when you give one party everything and not replace it."

"I'm not giving her anything." Kim said arms crossed over her chest.

"Well not you specifically, but seeing as I can only do this while she's sleeping with someone, perhaps she takes something from them to replace what she's losing to you." Myrla said shrugging.

"Fine whatever."

"And it'll have to be a defining feature to replace what she defines herself with in order for it to be an even trade."

"FINE! She can have their most defining feature."

"Alright, oh and one last thing, it'll have to be gradual, and I don't have the power to smooth over reality so everyone will notice something is up after a while."

"Just do it." Kim said getting annoyed with all the quid-pro-quos to her demand. If she didn't know my name I could have just ordered her, now I have to bargain. Stupid Tim not telling me the rules.

"Alright sweetie," Myrla said floating closer and holding out her hand, "Just touch tip to tip and we'll make the contract."

Kim stood up and reached out her fingers to touch Myrla's. Purple light swirled around her body, nearly startling her, but she held firm and her hand touched the outstretched finger of Myrla. The purple light swirled around the two hands, then Kim felt something hot burn into her hand, and the purple light faded. She pulled back her hand and saw a similar tattoo to the one Tim had on his hands. 

"Well toodles, I should make it over there just in time to enjoy a very hearty meal. Hope you enjoy what's coming to you, Kim." Myrla said winking and blowing Kim a kiss. Then she vanished.

***

Myrla couldn't believe her luck. That silly mortal had just made the best deal she'd made in centuries. It was so open ended and allowed Myrla so much freedom in interpretation, AND she knew the girl's name! It was too good to be true. She would uphold her end of the bargain of course, but afterwards, she licked her lips, she would have a sexy piece of flesh to bring back with her. Especially once that girl had all of Bethany's looks, damn that girl was a looker, and knew it too. She almost had me jealous. Almost, haha, she thought laughing to herself. 

And the best part was she had flat out lied to Kim. There was no power required from Kim to make this happen, it was well within her power limits that the other summoner had given her. But now that she had that extra boost, well, maybe she could just break free if she stored up enough.

Although, things could get very interesting down here, I might just stick around, she thought descending invisibly into the dark bedroom that now housed Jared and Bethany once more. Foreplay was almost over, and they were both stumbling through the actions in their alcohol induced romp.

She watched as Jared reached for a condom next to his bed, while Bethany expertly pulled his boxers down. Oh Myrla would enjoy this, and she would give Kim what she desired from Bethany. But as for Bethany, well what was a man's most defining feature if not his big throbbing cock.

***