 Kim awoke lazily, wiping the sleep from her eyes and grasping for her cell phone on the bedside table. Grabbing it she saw that she had no missed calls, or messages from Jared, and set it back down, the rage and sadness from the night before welling up inside her. Well I hope you had a good night, asshole.

Absently she grabbed her bra draped over the bed post and a pair of panties from the dresser beside her door and walked towards the bathroom attached to the common room. "It's quiet," Kim said as she opened the door and stepped inside. I wonder where Steph is? She's usually around. Not paying it much attention she closed the door behind her, threw off her shirt and bra, dropping her panties to the floor and turned the knob on the shower. 

The icy water started to heat up as Kim finally climbed in the shower. She took her time washing herself, savoring the wakening properties of a warm shower. The steam filled the small bathroom, and eventually she turned the knob, stopping the water cascading down her frame. She leaned against the back wall of the shower, steadying her thoughts and what she was going to do today. I should get some of the stuff I put off yesterday done, can't spend all my time worrying about that asshole. If he wants to go around - "EEEK!"

A pair of hands suddenly wrapped around her body and cupped her breasts, causing her to nearly fall over on the slick ground. Luckily the arms attached to the hands cupping her breasts were well toned, and despite being slick with sweat held her up. "You've been holding out on me girl. These are quite something."

"Cut it out Steph," Kim said as she gathered her footing.

"Oh, but these really are nice, and don't tell me you don't like it." Steph said as she used her fingers to flick at Kim's nipples. She could feel Kim shiver in her arms, but the girl turned around and pushed playfully back at Steph. Kim grabbed her towel from the wall hanger and wrapped it around her body. Shame, Steph thought, she does have a nice rack though, funny she doesn't show it off more. Kim grabbed her clothes from the counter and made her way into the common room. "Aww where you going Kim? Don't you wanna join me?"

"After what you just did, no thanks I'll pass Steph."

"One of these days girl, I'll show you how much fun I can be."

"Oh I don't doubt that," Kim said closing the door behind her leaving the glistening Steph alone in the steamy bathroom. Not that she isn't cute, but I'm just not that kind of girl. Kim carried her dirty clothes into her bedroom and after doing some quick toweling off she wrapped her hair up and slipped both arms into her bra. She brought the cups together over her breasts and went to clasp it together in the front. 

Surprisingly, it wouldn't clasp. At least, not as easily as it always had. She pulled hard at the straps in front and finally managed to get them to catch relaxing her shoulders and letting her arms drop. She stared at the comparative mountain of cleavage in her vision perplexed at what was going on. Her breasts bulged a little against the sides and the tops of her areola were visible above the cup line, which was not how this bra normally fit. 

She didn't have time to contemplate it, as suddenly the buzzer to the common room rang and she hurriedly threw on some shorts and ran to the door. As she got to the door she thought she should have put on more than just a bra and shorts, especially the way her boobs looked in this thing, but when she looked through the peep hole and saw her visitor she opened the door quickly and dragged her inside.

"What the hell are you doing her Myrla?"

"Myrla, nothing," the succubus said sporting her ebony look from the day before, "but Miranda is moving into your empty room."

"Like hell you are."

"Look," Myrla said holding up a piece of paper with the university's letterhead and official water-mark, "I've been officially added as your second suite mate."

Kim took the paper from Myrla's hands and read down the page. Sure enough that's what the paper said, but somehow she had a hard time believing it. "Just how many people at the housing office did you have to seduce to get this?"

"Oh Kimmy, how little faith you have in my abilities." She said taking the paper back and folding it up she stuck it in her back pocket. "Simple forgeries like this are a breeze. You should see some of the documents we have over on the other side, now those are tough to cheat."

"Ya alright, so you're moving in, does that mean you're going to hex me and force me to do things against my will. Possibly parade boys through here and set them on me to get your fill of emotions?"

"What a delightful idea!" Myrla said clapping her hands together, "Although it hadn't really occurred to me since we both know each other's true name, it wouldn't work nearly as well." Then as if a light bulb went off in her head she smiled at Kim, "Speaking of working, you like your new 'assets'?"

"What are you..."

"You didn't even notice? And I thought I transferred enough. I'll have to go bigger next time-"

"You mean that's why this thing won't fit right?"

"Honey, your cups practically floweth over, I'm surprised you managed to clasp it let alone get those puppies to stay. Why if I didn't know any better, I'd say you were about to meet someone like Jared and pounce on him." Then she giggled, "Luckily I know better."

"What's that mean?"

"Oh nothing, at least-"

"Hey Kim who's the hot chick?"

Both heads swung towards the bathroom where Stephanie was adjusting a towel wrapped about her body. "Her name's My-"

"Miranda, and I'll be your new suite mate." Myrla finished giving Kim an icy look. "And you are?"

"I'm Steph, nice to meet you." She said walking across the room and shaking hands.

Kim could tell her lesbian friend was undressing the taller girl with her eyes, admiring the curves and sensuality that Myrla practically exuded. Not wanting any sort of scene to develop she was about to suggest Myrla go when Myrla actually broke the awkward silence.

"Well it seems like I caught you girls during your morning routine, and I'd hate to interrupt it any further. I left all my stuff out in the car, but I have to go to work anyways so we can chat and catch up later tonight. See ya!" And with that she winked at Steph and blew Kim a kiss before closing the common room door behind her.

As her footsteps faded down the hallway Kim turned to face Stephanie who looked like she was daydreaming, which was then confirmed by her next profound statement, "DAAAAMMNN!"

"No." Kim said turning Steph around and marching her to Steph's room.

"Aww c'mon why can't I have her?"

"Because she's not your type."

"How would you know? And what was with that kiss she blew you? I'm starting to get jealous here, I had you first."

"You didn't have me first," Kim said exasperated as she stopped pushing her friend and the two of them walked side by side. "Besides she's an...uh, old friend from home that just transferred here."

"Uh huh, and you two were best buds, a regular old ebony and ivory?" Then a playful look came over Stephanie's face, "Or maybe you and her were something a little bit more...intimate."

"Oh cut it out." Kim said throwing a playful punch, "quit teasing me."

"Teasing you? Girl if those beautiful boobs of yours don't stop teasing me by jumping around like they are I'm going to have to jump you and set them puppies free."

Kim suddenly became self-conscious of the slight breeze blowing past her breasts, at least more than she was used too. "I'll keep the girls down, don't know what I did to this bra though, fit just fine a couple days ago."

"Probably washed it wrong, happens to all of us," Stephanie said walking to her door. "Although I can't stop thinking about your friend Miranda, can't wait to see her tonight."

Oh I can, Kim thought as she turned around and walked back to her room. Closing the door behind her she starred down her chest again amazed at what Myrla had told her. She undid the clasp and let her breasts bounce free, practically bursting from their confinement. Reaching up with her hands she molded the flesh of her tits between her hands, just as Stephanie had done minutes earlier. I can't believe it, it really worked! These are amazing, maybe they're almost a C now.

As her hands continued their playful squeezing, almost against her will, she couldn't help but feel flushed as her fingers played against her nipples. She gasped as she turned around to look in the full length mirror hanging behind her door. Standing in front of the door she undid the towel letting her hair fall about her shoulders. Strands fell in front of her tickling the soft flesh between her breasts. Taking her hands she ran them from her breasts down to her hips, striking a pose in front of the mirror. 

I could certainly get used to this, but why get used to this when I'm bound to get more. She grinned and imagined herself standing in front of the mirror, hands caressing breasts that would put Bethany's to shame, and hips that flared out to a nice juicy ass. I'll be twice the bombshell Bethany ever was, and won't that be justice served. And I thought Tim had this under control, she chuckled to herself, what does he know about grudges. Steph was right, women know how to get revenge. And she knew she was bound to get more out of this, after all once a slut always a slut.

Kim turned to her closet and began rifling through clothes, looking for something to accentuate her newfound curves. As she rushed past various blouses and shirts, she couldn't help thinking that as good as it felt to wake up with her new assets, she wondered what it would be like to actually feel herself changing. She shivered a little at the prospect and although she didn't plan on staying up every night to wait for Bethany to get some, she hoped that one of these nights she might get the pleasure.

***