 Chapter 4: Theatre

Eric watched Sandra accompany their two old greeters into the massive house and then turned and looked up into a cloudless blue sky. He stretched his arms out and strolled a distance back and forth in front of the mansion's façade, trying to use movement and the heat of the sun to revive the energy that the drive had drained from him. After several moments, he heard two male voices approaching from the left side of the house from the outward direction that Eric was facing. He turned that way and witnessed two men, one black and one white, who looked to be about age 25, walking toward him. They were approximately the same height, a few inches taller than Eric, and they wore identical crew-cut, red t-shirts and grey cargo shorts. They both appeared to be in good moods, as they laughed and talked their way to where Eric was standing. When they were close enough, the black man on the left extended his hand and said, "Eric! Hi! My name is Bryan."

Eric shook his hand and Bryan gestured with a head-tilt toward his companion, "This here is Mark". 

Eric grasped Mark's hand. He said, in the reflexive way that people do, "It's nice to meet you, Mark." 

Mark replied, "Same here. Welcome to the resort! We're just here to escort you and your bags to your cottage. But, first, do you want a coffee?"

"That would be great," Eric said. Each of the two men then picked up Eric and Sandra's bags and motioned for Eric to follow them around the corner from where they had emerged just a few moments earlier. 

Bryan explained, "On our way to the cottage, we'll pop by the resort's café."

The three men walked casually around the corner to the side of the mansion and then turned to the right down a path that became surrounded by trees and vegetation on both sides as the trio proceeded away from the main house. It was a pleasant setting and Eric found himself all the more grateful for the opportunity to get away from the city. As they walked, Brian and Mark alternately described features of the resort. They informed Eric that the resort had a full gym for working out, a track, indoor and outdoor swimming pools, each of which also had multiple adjacent hottubs. They talked about the resort's three five-star restaurants, two nightclubs, one old English-style pub, and that the resort was also host to every conceivable service for grooming and stress relief. After strolling for about fifteen minutes, the pathway opened up and the three men found themselves on a concrete walkway in the middle of what very much looked like the Main Street of a small town. The street extended for two regular-length city blocks to Eric's left and right, although there didn't appear to be any other access points other than the path that they had just exited and the continuation of the path on the opposite side of the street. There were resort guests walking here and there on the street and the walkway, all strikingly attractive and about Eric's age. Plus, there were countless beautiful twenty-something women wearing the same tiny outfit as Carly, the valet, and an equal multitude of twenty-something men wearing the same shorts/t-shirt combination as Eric and Bryan.

Eric remarked, "Wow, this is fantastic! It looks just like a main street from the 1950s."

Mark agreed, "Yes, it's pretty elaborate. Many of the resort services are here. Just across the street, on the left side of the path, is the theatre. There is where we present live shows or movies. Right beside the theatre is one of the resort's nightclubs, just to the right-side of the path. You can get an outstanding massage over there. Well, there'll be a map of all of our services in your cottage."

Eric just nodded and said, "Excellent."

Bryan gestured to the right and said, "But, for now, the café is just here." Eric followed his hosts into the café, which looked just like any other generic coffee shop that sells over-priced lattes and baked goods. Scattered about were a number of fluffy couches and chairs to lounge in, as well as coffee tables (naturally). All of the magic of caffeinated-beverage-making presumably occurred behind a long wooden bar. The shop had a about a dozen coffee drinkers distributed around the seating area. Four appeared to be solo; one woman and three men, dressed in what Eric had determined was the resort uniform. Two appeared to be members of a couple (a heterosexual one). One group of four (consisting of two women and two men) lounged, chatting together in the far right-hand corner across from the bar. One more woman, dressed in the resort uniform, was busy clearing and wiping down some tables. The Asian woman was about Eric's height and had long straight black hair down to her waist. She appeared to be the same youthful age as all of the rest of the resort staff. Bryan greeted her with a wave, "Hey, Kira!" 

Kira stood up and turned, looked intently at Eric and smiled sweetly. She put a finger up as a non-verbal signal for, "just a sec", and walked over to place the clean-up tray she was holding onto the bar. She then turned and walked briskly up to Eric, wrapped her arms around him tightly, and buried the side of her head into his chest." 

She said, "It's so nice to meet you, Eric. We were so excited to learn that you and Sandra would be coming." Then, she pulled back, still holding him, and looked up into his eyes with a smirk. 

She turned and looked over at Mark, adding, "My, are our guests getting sexier all the time? Looking at this one gives me such a tingle."

Eric laughed and couldn't seem to resist wrapping his own arms around her, briefly, in a tight hug. He let her go and stepped back, blushing a little. "Thank-you very much, Kira. I appreciate warm welcomes." 

"Eric would like a coffee. I think he could use a pick-me-up after his trip," Mark mentioned.

Kira stared at Eric and said, in a mischievous tone, "He wants to pick me up? That shouldn't be difficult for him. The question is, what happens after he picks me up. What WOULD we DO?" She punctuated her statement by looking up and away and bringing her right index finger up to her lips, in a phony expression of thoughtful problem-solving. She let her gaze make its way down from Eric's face to his midsection and then, finally, down to his crotch area.

Blushing more deeply, Eric responded, unable to suppress a smile, "Ahem...for now, I think just some coffee. Milk and sugar, please."

Kira winked, spun around, and walked briskly to her post behind the bar. As she walked away, she purposefully tossed the back of her skirt up, providing Eric and anyone else who happened to be looking a brief glimpse of her brown rear end. Bryan noted, just so that Eric could hear, "I think the thong undies are the best feature of the girls' uniform. It's a bit distracting, though, am I right?" He continued, more loudly, "Kira, Eric's a new arrival, so you should be gentle with him. Like maybe tone it down by half or something."

Now facing them from behind the bar and in the midst of pouring Eric's coffee into a cardboard cup, Kira informed them, "Baby, this IS me taking it easy on him. Eric, I hope you come by tomorrow once you're settled. I have a feeling we're going to be best friends, and I can't wait to meet Sandra."

Eric walked up to the bar and retrieved his now-prepared coffee from Kira's outstretched arm. "Thanks very much, I do look forward to coming by here again. Maybe I'll see you later." 

"Definitely," replied Kira, "I've put a little something special in that coffee for you." Kira winked again and said, "Have a nice day, fresh meat." As Eric turned slowly and walked away, he heard Kira chuckling, mostly sweetly, but also with a barely detectable pinch of evil. 

Eric followed behind Bryan and Mark as they made their way back outside. Once on the sidewalk, Bryan turned and said, "Eric, we need to run up ahead with your bags to the cottage. I guess your space isn't quite ready yet. Why don't you relax and have your coffee? Go check out the theatre. Someone will be around to get you there quite soon to take you the rest of the way."

Eric said, "Ok. Thanks, guys." The two men took turns shaking Eric's hand in a farewell gesture. 

Eric decided to take Bryan's advice and look around the theatre across the street. He walked across, past the box offices, and then through the unlocked front door. He briefly inspected the lobby and concessions area, before entering the theatre proper. The theatre was quite large. It was probably large enough to accommodate several hundred audience members. Like most theatres, the entrance was a considerably higher elevation than the floor at the front. The intervening area was filled with rows of long leather benches. The seating was arranged in wide curves, to the right and left of a four-foot wide, red carpeted path. On each side, the seating was continuous across the theatre floor. There were no flip-up chairs or arm rests, as is most typical in movie theatres. Four feet of leg room separated each row, which was another feature that distinguished this theatre from the more tightly-packed theatres that Eric was used to. 

At the far side of the room, Eric faced a stage that appeared to be elevated between 3 and 4 feet above the height of the theatre floor. Just beyond the edge of the stage hung a mammoth, blue curtain. A wide projector screen was mounted from the ceiling above the stage. Noticing the screen drew Eric's attention to the artwork on the ceiling, which was a vibrant mural that seemed to depict resort locations, including the large mansion that Eric encountered upon their arrival and the small town street that he was now exploring. Figures of male and female resort staff, in their respective uniforms were present, along with resort guests, wearing a variety of different types of clothing. Here and there, as Eric looked more carefully, there were depictions of nude men and women engaged in a variety of sex acts with themselves or with one or more partners. Eric noted that the gender mix of participants engaged in these activities also varied. 

As he scanned the ceiling, noticing the many copulations, he wandered over to the right and seated himself at the far end of the seating row at the back of the theatre. The rear of the theatre was dark. Only the lights directly in front of the stage were currently lit. Eric directed his attention to the coffee in his hand and took a long sip from the spout. Setting the cup down on his right knee, he felt a brief burning sensation in his belly. As it vanished, he experienced the surprising sensation of fingers fondling the shaft and tip of his penis. Gradually, he could feel his cock expand and strain against the fabric of his shorts, at which time the ghost fingers began stroking the shaft, until the large knob at the end throbbed hotly. Eric leaned his head back and looked at the ceiling again. Now, the partly realistic, partly animated-looking figures on the ceiling were in motion, with staff members and guests engaged in enthusiastic carnal activities. Some couplings and group comings-together were the same nude figures that Eric saw when he perceived the mural as a static image. He watched new figures emerge to commence stripping off clothing before they began sucking, riding, or otherwise banging one or more other nearby figures. Eric's cock throbbed still harder at the elaborate orgy taking place above his head. He started to feel light-headed, so he closed his eyes and the dizzy sensation relaxed its grip slightly, but it still seemed like a hand retained a warm, tight grip on his cock. As he took another sip of coffee, he considered whether Kira had anything to do with whatever erotic acid trip he was going through. A sound originating from a door to the right of the stage, directly in front of where Eric was sitting, interrupted these speculations.

A man about Eric's age walked into the theatre from the side door and was scanning the ceiling mural, as Eric had done. He slowly wandered toward the area at the center of the stage. The man was quite tall, definitely taller than 6 feet. He was clean-shaven and with longish straight blonde hair. He didn't appear to be an employee of the resort, because he wasn't wearing the standard uniform that Bryan and Mark were wearing. He was wearing blue jeans and a buttoned-up, mainly-green plaid shirt. He was fit and good-looking, just like everyone here seemed to be. Following him through the door was a male member of the resort staff; as tall, fit, and good-looking as the others Eric had met, but this time with features that led Eric to infer him as possibly Indian. 

Eric was just about to call out and wave to the two men when Carly, the valet, burst through the door just in front of the stage, but to the far left of the theatre. Carly was carrying a little bag around her shoulder. As she walked across the front of the stage, she waved and smiled cheerfully at the men who had just entered the theatre. She appeared to be on her way to some destination beyond where the male guest was standing. As she approached, however, the guest reached out with both hands and gently halted her progress by placing one hand on each of her shoulders. The male staff member that had accompanied the guest settled into the front row of the seating area, directly in front of where Eric was sitting. Carly stopped and looked up at the guest who had halted her progress, still smiling brightly, but now with a look of polite anticipation. The man said something to her that Eric couldn't make out. In response, Eric could see her tilt her head down slightly, and her eyes looked up at him. She flashed a sly grin at him and Eric lip-read her verbal response as, "Of course."

Carly broke the man's contact with her shoulders and set the bag she was carrying on the right-hand side of the stage. Then, she walked over toward center stage and climbed up, positioning herself on her hands and knees, with her head pointed toward the curtain and her rear end pointed toward the seating area. The guest positioned himself on his knees directly behind Carly. He rubbed his hands together for a moment and then pushed the skirt that was mostly covering Carly's ass up onto her back. He put a hand on each asscheek, squeezing and rubbing them. 

Eric could hear Carly gasping even at his distance from the two of them. Carly looked back at the guest, with a lustful expression and biting her lower lip. He used his right hand and rubbed his middle finger several times over the g-string separating the two halves of Carly's tush. He grasped the strings wrapped around her hips and pulled her panties down to the middle of her thighs, bringing into disorienting view her two fully-shaved, pink openings. The guest placed his hands on either side of Carly's hips and pressed his face against her ass and pussy. Eric could hear lips smacking against lips and a high-pitched, involuntary, "Uhhhh...huhhhhh", escaping from Carly's mouth. The slurping went on for several minutes and Eric found himself unable to tear his attention away from the couple. He couldn't feel the ghost fingers in his pants anymore, but the scene he was witnessing meant that he could still feel his own heartbeat along the length and at the bulging tip of his penis. He squirmed a bit in his chair from the discomfort. 

Eventually, the guest separated his lips and tongue from Carly's pussy and rear, stood up, and smacked her right asscheek, playfully. Eric heard him mutter something and Carly promptly pulled off her bikini top and removed her panties the rest of the way. She turned around, sitting on the edge of the stage with her feet hanging down almost to the floor of the seating area. She smiled and winked, provocatively. She grinned up at guest as she unbuttoned/unzipped his pants and pushed them down to his ankles. Staring hungrily at the bulge in his underwear, she spent a moment rubbing his cock through the material of his briefs, while maintaining eye contact with him and her grin. She slowly pulled his pants and briefs down to bunch them up at mid-thigh level. 

The guest's cock was partially erect and readily became fully so as Carly stroked it into firmness with her right hand, maintaining intense glares alternately between the guest's face and his thick, six-inch or so cock. As Carly stroked him, she began to use a finger to rub her own clitoris with the same rhythm. The sensation caused her to close her eyes and squeal sharply. Carly's two-handed action continued for a few minutes, at which time she took the base of the guest's cock in both hands and opened her eyes, leaned forward and wrapped her lips around his large pulsating knob. She simultaneously stroked and sucked the guest's cock and now the sound of his moans and grunts found their way up to where Eric was seated. Eric was determined not to give in to his extreme urge to take his own cock out and and release his own extreme tension. Instead, he resolved to remember this scene for later and maybe describe it to Sandra so that they could both benefit from this strange experience. 

Several minutes passed and Carly lifted her mouth off of the guest's cock and looked up at him, maintaining a firm grip on the shaft of his penis with her right hand. She asked him something and the guest nodded and then muttered something back. Eric couldn't make out either side of the exchange, but immediately after hearing whatever it was the guest said, Carly stood up. She pulled off the guest's pants the rest of the way and slid off his briefs. She faced the stage and bent forward onto it, resting on her forearms. With her feet touching the floor, she placed her legs at a sharp angle about four feet apart at her ankles. Carly's ass pointed back at the guest, partially above and below the height of the stage and just slightly below the level of the guest's cock. Carly was still wearing her skirt bunched up around her waist, but was otherwise naked. The guest spread his legs slightly apart and then pressed the length of his cock against the pink folds and openings between Carly's asscheeks. From his angle, Eric watched the guest slide the shaft of his cock up and down this groove a number of times before he stepped back a bit and held it down to straighten it. He rubbed the tip against Carly's pussy and slowly guided it into her. 

Carly responded with a deep inhale of breath and another high-pitched, "uuuuuhhhhhh". The guest began sliding his cock in and out of her, at first very slowly, and then gradually faster. He heard the guest start to grunt, "Ohhhhh" and "Yeeeeaaaah.", intermixed with Carly's own shrieking moans. This rhythmic fucking continued for a couple of minutes, at which time Carly reached between her legs with her right hand. She used her index finger to rub her clitoris in time with the cock thrusting into her pussy from behind. Quite soon after, she shrieked loudly, with the sound echoing across the theatre, and her body shook violently for what seemed to Eric like a spectacularly long time. As she did so, the guest stopped thrusting and simply held his cock deeply in Carly's pussy, trying desperately (and successfully) to keep her orgasm from tossing her off of it. Apparently, by the end, Carly's display was too much for the guest to take. As Carly's body was still shuddering, he yelled loudly as his body lurched forward and pressed hard against Carly's ass and back. His ass jerked forcefully, pressing him yet deeper into Carly, as he presumably unloaded a stream of cum into her pussy. 

They held that position for a few moments and, then, the guest slowly pulled himself out of Carly. She reached down to hold her pussy in her left hand, stood up, and turned to face him. She hugged him tightly with her free arm and he leaned forward to embrace her and kiss her passionately. Eric lip-read him saying, "Thank-you." 

She replied with a dramatic expression, "Thank-you so much!" After they released one another, the guest put his briefs and pants back on. Carly and the guest smiled and waved at each other before the guest turned and walked away, exiting the theatre through the door at the left-hand side of the stage. As he left, the male staff member who had entered with him stood up and exited the theatre just after him.
