 Kim walked back to her room and sat down on her bed and sighed. Tim just summoned a friggen demon to stalk Bethany, but I still don't think it's fair. "She's getting off easy," Kim said aloud to no one as she recounted the day's events. She picked up her phone and saw a couple missed calls and some texts from Jared, but set the phone aside. She had no desire to listen to that cheating bastard whatever he had to say. "Why's it so hard for men to just keep it in their pants?!" She screamed laying back down on the bed. 

"What's the matter Kim?" A voice said from behind the closed door into the common room. 

"Nothing Steph," Kim said, although she immediately regretted saying it. 

The door opened and in walked her suitemate Stephanie, a fairly pretty down-to-earth athletic girl. "You know 'nothing' is girl code for 'I'm being a super bitch and am pissed off at the universe.' So tell me what's up?" 

"It's nothing really." 

"Kim cut the shit and tell me. I'm your friend it's what we do." Then she looked at Kim's jeans and baggy sweatshirt look and asked, "I thought you were going out with Jared today?" 

"That's the problem." Kim said sighing, then throwing her hands up exasperated continued, "He slept with Bethany last night. You know, the hot girl that Tim was dating?" 

"Was? You mean they're not anymore?" 

"No he broke up with her when Jared told him what happened." 

"Jared told him? What a dumb ass. There's a friendship gone to shit." 

"I doubt it. They'll probably just confront each other, knock each other out, and be best friends again the next day." 

"Guys are like that." Stephanie said. Her eyes gleamed mischievously, "Although, that means Bethany is single again." 

"Jesus Steph, I don't think she's into girls at all." 

"You never know until you ask." Stephanie said smiling. "But enough about that, what are we going to do to the bitch." 

"Nothing." Kim said looking into Stephanie's disbelieving face. "No really, nothing. Tim already...handled it." 

"Oh, and what does he know about grudges he's a guy." Stephanie said jokingly. 

"No he told me just to let her be and he would take care of it." 

"Really, when did he say that? Did you talk to him?" 

"Ya that's where I've been all day." Kim said noting the disapproving look in Stephanie's face. 

"You spent the day with Tim? Geez moving pretty fast to the rebound sex aren't you?" 

"No it wasn't like that at all." Kim said blushing, "He just wanted to talk to me that's all." 

"Uh huh," Stephanie said rolling her eyes. 

Kim had just about had enough explaining things to Stephanie, and she suddenly had an urge to call Jared and see if they could talk it out. I do like him, he was drunk, and she is a slut. So maybe I should at least give him a chance to explain himself. She turned around on the bed and grabbed her phone from the nightstand. 

"Whatcha doing?" Stephanie asked. 

"I'm gonna go see Jared. I figure I owe it to him to at least try and listen to his side of the story." 

"Girl you are far too nice for your own good towards that guy." Stephanie sighed, but got up from her seat on the bed. "But I understand and I'll let you go do your thing." As she got to the door she turned and winked, "I'll probably be in the shower when you get back if you need some proper loving though." 

She ducked as a pillow sailed across the room coupled with some laughter from both sides of the door as Kim dialed the phone shaking her head at her lesbian friend. 

*** 

Bethany had spent most of work that day trying to figure out why Tim would break up with her. It just doesn't make sense. I mean he's not a bad looking guy, but why would he dump someone who is a sure 10 like me just because I have a couple 'friends' on the side? I'm sure he did too, nobody is really faithful anymore. 

But for all her experience with men she just couldn't fathom what had happened. I mean, he didn't even get angry. He was sad. Why would anyone do something that made them sad? 

That was the substance of thought that consumed most of her shift down at one of the conference halls waitressing for the business social that was being held that day. Despite some of the looks she normally would have indulged from some of the more venturous men, she found that she was more focused on heading home for the day. 

At least to unwind from the day's events. 

She hopped out of her car and walked the few steps into her dorm room. Being in a single had its benefits sometimes, as she walked in and dropped her bag on the floor. Stepping out of her high heels, she undid the buttons on her blouse and tossed the garment aside undoing the clasp of her bra and tossing that aside as well. Reaching down to her skirt she unzipped the side and stepped out of it letting it fall to the floor, and using her thumbs she slipped them under her panties and those fell to the floor as well. Walking towards the bathroom she stopped at the full length mirror hanging on her wall and admired herself as she did so often. 

Bethany was beautiful and she knew it. Her full D-cup breasts and pert little nipples sat atop perfect pink areola. Her auburn hair fell about her shoulders and her eyes captivated men with their emerald green glow. Her slightly toned body slimmed down at the waist, flaring out again into lush hips and a firm tush. Her shaved pussy lips and already tingled with anticipation as her gaze continued downwards to her shapely shaved legs. 

She knew she turned on both men and women alike and it was that thought that pleased her the most. And it was also that reason that Tim baffled her, he just didn't make sense. But enough of that, I have so much pent up frustration that needs release. And taking one last look in the full length mirror she winked at herself before stepping into her bathroom. 

Reaching under the sink she withdrew a pink case, and pulled out her favorite mechanical friend, and turning on the shower she felt the steam rise from the bath. She stepped in and began to massage her nipples as they immediately grew hard once the water began cascading down her shoulders. She couldn't help but feel as though the warmth of the water was being sucked straight into her flesh as she continued to tease her breasts. After a few minutes she reached down with her other hand, using two fingers to massage her pink lips and with a quick poke to her clit she felt her eyes roll back in her head a little. She plunged in with her fingers and felt her pussy clench around them as her other hand began to play her other breast tracing her areola. Bethany couldn't take it, and flipping the switch, she removed her hand and plunged in deep with her vibrator. Her hand immediately stopped on playing with her breast as she flung it sideways to keep her upright. The vibrator was certainly doing its job, massaging her clit as well as her now soaking pussy. It was only a few moments before even her arm couldn't keep her up, her legs turning to jello, as she collapsed into a small puddle of her own fluids slowly spiraling down the drain. 

*** 

Well she is something else isn't she. Myrla thought as she hovered above the shower in Bethany's room invisible to the masturbating girl. Myrla had thought she better see what she was dealing with, and well she liked what she saw. Tim was right, this girl will certainly fill my appetite, she thought even as Bethany rose from her daze and began to wash her body weakly. Myrla wasn't too concerned she had missed her chance to feed though, this girl was already recovering and thinking about what to do next. Or rather whom. Myrla couldn't wait and flew off through the wall to get herself ready for the evening to come. 

*** 

Jared had no idea what was happening. Ever since this morning he had just royally fucked up. He slept with Bethany, which on his list of things to happen today was by far the best, even if it had the most consequences. His girlfriend had walked in on them, or rather Bethany leaving, and he had tried to make amends by explaining it to her but she had simply shut herself up in her room. He called Tim, a stupid decision, but he thought his friend should at least hear it from his mouth and not anyone else's. He was pretty sure Tim hated him, and Kim as well, and so after calling her a half dozen times he finally gave up and resigned himself to his fate. 

That was where he should have stopped and learned his lesson. 

Alas as down as he was, when his suitemates came back with the one-two combination of hot chicks and beer, he couldn't resist. And really what man could. Two of his buddies were hitting on this smoking black chick standing alone in the corner, beer in hand, and clearly neither of them were getting anywhere. Especially since the chick turned to Jared and winked with a sly smile. At this his two friends got the hint, and immediately began to egg Jared on. 

"C'mon man, you just broke up with Kim, no harm no foul." 

"Ya man, besides," he said wolf whistling, "that chick is smokin!" 

"Alright guys enough, enough, I'm getting up." Jared said as his two friends grabbed another beer and on a three count shotguned it. Jared was about halfway across the room when, over the music, he heard a knock at the door. Holding up a finger to the girl in the corner he went quickly to the door and throwing it open was surprised to see none other than Bethany. 

"Hey heard you boys down the hall, mind if I join you? I'm feeling kinda lonely right now." 

Jared could only stammer, as though his tongue was made of paste. He couldn't believe what Bethany had on, or rather what it looked like she didn't have on. The tube top she wore was strapless, and hugged her body deliciously, her breasts thrust out, the material hugging her hips and stopping slightly below her ass, showing off her perfect legs. The auburn hair hung down about her shoulders, and in her hand was a handle of tequila. 

"Jared, you gonna take me in or you going to save me for yourself out here?" Bethany said smiling. 

"Uh, ya, you can um come uh, inside." Jared's mouth stumbled out. 

"Aww you're too sweet Jared," Bethany said pecking him on the cheek and stepping past him into the room. "Hey hey boys and girls now it's a party!" She shouted raising the tequila high. The black girl in the corner was practically forgotten, and that was just how she preferred things. 

*** 

Kim stood outside Jared's door and heard the sounds of a party inside. Part of her was furious, but more of her just wanted to see if Jared was alright and possibly sober. She knew he was really torn up earlier, and when she knocked on the door, the last thing she expected was to see was this gorgeous black chick step out in front of her. More than that, those eyes, they looked familiar, but Kim knew she'd have noticed this girl at Jared's parties before. But as Kim looked up into the taller girl's face she slipped out of the door and closed it softly behind her. "I don't think you want to go in there." 

"Why not?" Kim said kind of perturbed. "I need to talk to Jared, he called me like a dozen times earlier today." 

"Which one is Jared?" 

"You know, the one with the blond buzz cut hair a little taller than you." 

The girl seemed to be thinking then shook her head as the proverbial light bulb came on, "Oh yes, him. You really don't want to go in there then." 

"What are you...Never mind move." Kim said pushing the girl aside and striding through the door. 

Jared saw Kim enter the room as he finished pouring the salt on Bethany's areola. He hesitated for half a second, then that little part of his mind that told him to stop was overruled by the sheer desire of the rest of him, and his tongue descended on Bethany's breast playing gently with her nipple as he went around. A soft "coo" issued from Bethany's lips as Jared then stood up tequila shot in hand, downed it, and plunged back into Bethany's waiting lips for the slice of lime, which was entirely forgotten. 

Kim watched in horror as Jared's eyes registered her presence, and despite that, continued on with his sexual desires. "I told you. You really didn't want to go in there." the girl said as Kim turned to face her, then ran from the room. 

***