 CHAPTER 9: Some More Advanced Training

The next morning, after Heidi had performed her cleansing and make-up rituals and had breakfast, the screen came to life and Zoe's face appeared, as before. "Hello, again, Heidi," she said. "A new transformee is awaiting for you to welcome them into their new state. You're headed for Advanced Training, today!" 

Heidi experienced a thrill from head to toe and rushed to the room across the way. In much the same way that Carly had greeted Heidi, Heidi provided a friendly welcome to The Project's newest female transformee. The new girl was a few inches taller than Heidi (about 5-3). Her hair was light-brown and very long. As Heidi watched her lying on the bed, her hair seemed to have spilled onto her body from above, the way it covered various of her parts down to her waist. When the technician arrived, he informed her that her name was Brandy, which she seemed to like. Having started Brandy on her way, the technician guided Heidi out of the room and they turned right and continued for several minutes down the tunnel. Eventually, they opened and passed through a door and then entered an elevator that took them up about 5 floors. As they rode, the technician danced that they were going up to ground level. 

The technician sent her through the door alone and into a large room full of coffee and end tables and cushioned furniture for sitting on. There was a television mounted on the right-hand wall and a row of offices to the left. The far side of the room hosted a staircase that led to upper floors. Sandra recognized the category of room immediately. It was a fairly typical Common Room for a university residence. Heidi stood at the entrance to the room and puzzled about what to do next. Very soon, an older human woman emerged from the nearest office. She was the first fully-clothed human Heidi had seen, up to now. The woman wore a black pantsuit over a white blouse. As she approached, her eyes peered over a pair of narrow reading glass, scrutinizing Heidi from head to toe. 

She stopped just a few feet in front of Heidi and put a hand up, "Please, wait to hug me. I know how the bunch of you freshly-transformed like to hug. You'll get your chance!"

Heidi froze and thought that it was very perceptive of the woman to anticipate the tight embrace she had planned. She also felt a bit less unique as a specimen and that dropped her mood about half a notch. 

Millie smiled and spoke in a gentle tone, "My name is Millie. Welcome to Advanced Training. Please let me show you to your room."

Heidi stepped forward and wrapped her arms around Millie's neck, really pressing a good hug into her, hoping to regain some sense of notoriety. As she squeezed, Heidi exclaimed, "Oh, thank-you, Millie! It's so nice to finally get here."

Millie patiently rolled her eyes, waiting for Heidi to release her and then stepped away. She smirked and declared, "I have no idea how I'm going to get you all to stop hugging me. I'm just here to do room assignments. I don't have any desire to take part in your obscene activities. I know you're all bisexual and I don't care, but some of the rest of us gals are not slightly interested in sex with women." 

"Oh, yes, I know!" Heidi exclaimed, clasping her hands together. She continued, "I learned all about that in school. By the way, you're the first human I've seen with clothes on."

Millie responded, "Yes, well, since all of you insist on molesting me when I greet you, I thought it best to keep some minimal barrier between myself and your engorged and chronically excreting private parts. I must say, that the men are much worse for me than you girls on that point. If I were naked, I've no doubt that one of them would accidently ram me in one of my holes and somebody would accuse me of man-child abuse. Look, having spent many years among actual humans, I've sort of acquired some of their habits. One of them is trying to avoid someone splashing sexual fluids on their bare skin by covering up a bit." 

Heidi giggled and said, with her hands at her waist, "You're hilarious, Millie! It makes me want to hug you again."

"You stay back," Millie demanded, but not angrily." She added, good-naturedly, "This suit protects me from all of you slapping your hard, oversexed bodies against my bare skin. That also means that it's worth the trouble of changing clothes twice a workday, thanks to the residue that you all tend to leave behind when you try to hump me like a terrier. It wasn't that bad the first time. There is no way I'm going to take the chance of your getting pussy juice all over me now. I thought I had a dry one, for once, but I'm aware that you and all of your colleagues have slimy lovemaking ooze dribbling at a constant rate down your thighs." 

Heidi thought that the woman was overreacting, but this conversation was too fun not to play with old Millie some more. Heidi frowned and bent forward to inspect her thighs for this lovemaking slime. She slid an index finger up the inside of one thigh until reaching her crotch and discovered that she wasn't quite dripping, but she wasn't quite totally dry, either...

She slowly straightened and, looking Millie in the eyes, admitted, "Ok, Millie. You are definitely the expert and I'm the slime-covered sexual predator. I think we should still be friends and I'll promise not to try to fuck you. Deal?" Heidi reached out her hand and Millie returned her handshake, laughing. 

"Stop fooling around, you silly cunt," she ordered, in the midst of chuckling, which only sent Heidi giggling until she couldn't resist putting her other hand on Millie's shoulder. After some moments, they finally stopped laughing and detached. Millie became reflective, adding, casually, "Buu-uut, I think you may be my favourite, so far. Although, as I said, I'm not into ladies."

"Cool." Heidi said, casually, smiling and nodding. She looked up the staircase and found it difficult to count how many upper floors there were in this building. She inquired, "How many floors are up there?"

Millie replied, "From here, there are 24 and there are four living spaces for each floor. Each living space is meant to be large enough for around four transformees, so we have capacity to house 96, altogether. We are at about 75% capacity, right now, but more of you come through that door all of the time. We will reach our capacity very soon, I expect. There's an elevator on the second floor. You've been assigned to Apartment 12A, so we'll be taking you up to the 12th floor."

As they reached the second floor hallway, the pair rode the elevator to Heidi's floor and Millie directed her to the door of her apartment. Millie explained, "Until we are at full capacity, formal Advanced Training will not begin. That will take several more days. Until then, you are to remain in your apartment. One other transformee is in there, already. You should know that the bunking system here is to be quite fluid, so don't get too attached to her. At the same time, you won't want to miss any opportunities for getting to know one another better. You'll be bound to work a great deal with her at some point in the future, when The Project really gets going." 

Pausing, she squinted and smirked in Heidi's direction and said, "Plus, I know what you transformees are like. You all act like you've been in prison for years...," her comments trailed off as she turned and walked slowly back toward the elevator. 

"Thanks, Millie!" Heidi shouted gleefully in the direction of Millie's back and Millie threw up her arm in a half-hearted signal of farewell. Turning her attention to Apartment 12A, she pushed open the door. Peeking inside, she heard music blasting, which motivated her to creep more fully into the apartment to investigate. Closing the door behind her, she stepped slowly to her right, finding herself in the middle of a short entrance hallway that opened up into a living room area on the right-hand side. Seating there was organized to face the direction of a video screen mounted on the far right-hand wall. To the left, was a kitchen area with a refrigerator and an object generation device. A hallway continued deeper into the apartment beyond the kitchen. 

Heidi shrugged to herself. She shouted, "Great music! Where are you?! I mean is anybody here?!" 

The music stopped, abruptly, and a rather tall and bosomy Asian goddess crept, searchingly, into the hallway, about thirty feet from Heidi's position. Struck with an idea, Heidi quickly ducked into the kitchen area and tried desperately to keep her breathing under control and to suppress the tempting urge to giggle. 

Her new roommate inquired to thin air, "Is someone there?"

Heidi heard steps getting closer to the kitchen entryway and waited until she could see the girl's toes cross the threshold. She sprung and landed face to breasts with the woman, who instantly released an ear-piercing squeal and collapsed onto the floor.  

Heidi commenced giggling, uncontrollably, as she squatted down and took the woman's hands. "I'm so sorry!" she said, through her chuckles. Her new Asian friend looked at her with a frown, seemingly speechless. Continuing, she said, "I'm your new roommate! I'm Heidi!"

Although still panting from the shock of Heidi's appearance, the woman's face softened and she smiled. "Wow, nice entrance! I'm Kira. Also, I'm going to fucking get you for that."

Heidi giggled and responded, "Now, that sounds like fun. Let me help you up." With that, she stood and helped lift Kira upright again. Then, she wrapped her arms around Kira's waist and pressed her head into her roommate's chest. The feeling of another's nude body pressed against her was exquisite. It was nothing like anything she had experienced since her transformation. She could tell that Kira was similarly appreciating the embrace, because she tightly wrapped her arms around Heidi's shoulders and snuggled her head into the blonde curls on top of Heidi's head. 

After a minute or so, Kira whispered, "I think I totally forgive you."

The two fresh transformees relaxed their embrace enough to look into one another's eyes. Exchanging serious looks, they both internally marvelled at their new roommate's seemingly flawless beauty. Heidi inquired, "So, what's it like here?" 

Kira explained, smiling, "It has been pretty much like the earlier training, until you came along to terrify me. That is, it's been interesting getting used to this new body, but fairly lonely, also, since Amber left a couple of days ago. Zoe doesn't pop in to provide instructions here. I've been going a bit crazy, on my own, since I've had a taste of what it's like to have someone else around."

"Well, now I'm here to keep you company," Heidi promised. "What is the protocol, though? How long should we hold each other? It feels really good, but I'm just not sure about the traditional length of greeting hugs. Also, it's hard for me to fully check you out with my eyes only inches away from your very pretty nipples."

Laughing, Kira speculated, "I think that the length of hugs depends on how much the people like each other. For example, Millie had no interest in hugging me downstairs, but I gave her a good one anyway. Unlike you, she had objections about getting my tits in her face. I guess this one has gone on longer than normal, even for old friends, not that I'm complaining."

After one last squeeze, Heidi and Kira released and commenced visually inspecting one another. Suddenly, nothing was funny and Heidi could feel her heart thumping loudly in her chest. She couldn't resist the urge to inspect Kira with her hands. Kira apparently didn't mind, because she stood quietly as Heidi traced her right hand along the inward curve of Kira's waist and along the front past her belly button. Stopping for a moment, Heidi smiled up at Kira and then proceeded, a bit hesitantly, to slide a finger along underside of Kira's breasts then she lightly squeezed each nipple with her thumb and finger. Kira gasped and closed her eyes.

Heidi had only herself to explore for days, but she didn't expect her reaction to an encounter with another project recruit to be so intense. Still, it was like a dream coming true, since having a partner was a common theme in her frequent masturbation sessions back in her old accommodations. Still exploring Kira's upper body with her right hand, she slid her left hand along Kira's right thigh and around to her firm rear end. Once it arrived there, she couldn't resist a gentle squeeze and curling her fingers into the cleft separating Kira's smooth round cheeks. As Heidi's index finger made brief contact with Kira's little hole, Kira said, "Ohhhh...". 

Heidi took that as a signal of encouragement. She spent a few moments lightly groping Kira's tight brown rear end with one hand and kneading her breasts with the other and reflected that she could now feel somewhat of the dripping that Millie referenced upon her arrival. Eventually, she got down on her knees, which put her eye level somewhat below Kira's pussy. With her hands cupping each side of Kira's rear end, she just stared at it, having never seen one that close before and she was finding out that having her own and being able to inspect another's were very different types of experiences. She reflected that knowing she was having a pleasurable effect on Kira intensified her own lusts, which very much distinguished this new experience from her other, solo experiences. 

Kira gasped and then sort of generated a long, chesty groan as Heidi slid her right hand around to feel the smooth little flaps of flesh between Kira's legs. Heidi used her fingers to separate Kira's lips to get a peek at the little hole hidden inside. Her heart skipped a beat as she noticed the shimmering moisture spreading from that spot and she spent a moment feeling Kira's slick natural lubricant between her fingertips. She broke the silence and whispered, staring distractedly at her damp fingers, "Oh, baby..."

Proceeding with her inspection, Heidi probed and gently pried with her fingers to find Kira's so-called sweet spot. She moistened a thumb with the wetness just below and spread it over Kira's clitoris. Kira reacted with a gratifying little squeal. Heidi took her hand away and smiled. She put her hands on Kira's hips and guided her to face in the opposite direction.

Heidi momentarily forgot to breathe as she looked up at Kira's round little ass. Passing her finger down the line that separated Kira's cheeks, she instructed, "Pull these things apart for me and lean forward a bit."

Kira obeyed and Heidi put her hands on her knees to spend a few moments staring at her new friend's puckered little opening and the rear view of her pussy. After she was satisfied that this mental image was committed to memory, Heidi used her pointing finger to slowly trace the line between Kira's ass, again. This time, her finger was able to pause and linger, circling the tiny peaks and clefts around Kira's rear opening. Kira reacted by simultaneously gasping and moaning. Heidi proceeded to slide her finger down the middle of the area between Kira's two lower openings. After taking her time arriving at Kira's pussy, she stopped and got the tip of her finger wet by swirling it around inside. 

Heidi rubbed the moisture against her thumb and finger, as before, and put her finger in her mouth to find out what Kira tasted like. She said, "Mmmmm, Kira, you taste good."

Next, Heidi lined up an index finger with Kira's pussy and slowly slid it inside. She was fascinated by the way that the opening felt tighter against the hard, knuckle parts of her finger than when it surrounded the softer parts of her finger in between. The inside of her own pussy was warm and wet, of course, which felt terrific, but Heidi knew that feeling already from experimenting with her own body. In this case, she was more interested in the visual of Kira's pussy appearing to devour her finger and then push it back out even though she was actually the one doing the pushing and pulling. 

Meanwhile, Kira started to curse from her body's passionate reactions to Heidi's probing. Through some light panting, she muttered phrases like, "Fuck, yes, baby, that's how it's done," and "You're such a beautiful, dirty slut. I'll squirt my jizz all over your hand, if you're not careful." 

After only a few minutes of focused attention from Heidi's index finger, Kira said, in gasps, "No...now stop...that's enough." Heidi removed her finger, now well-coated in Kira jizz. She put her hands on her thighs and patiently waited, resting her butt down on her feet as Kira took a few moments to catch her breath. 

Regaining composure, Kira turned around and took Heidi by the hand. She said, smiling and looking into Heidi's pretty blue eyes, "Very cute little woman, you are an aggressive one, but I must assert some authority right here. I was here first, so I think it's only fair for me to be in charge. My roommate before, Amber, tried a few things out on me and with me, so I want to try and pass some knowledge along to you. Come with me."

Supporting Heidi until she stood, Kira led her down the hallway and through the last door on the right. Inside was a large bedroom, complete with quite a huge bed against one wall and a flat-screen TV on the opposite wall. A door on the other side of the bed opened into a bathroom with an oversized shower and a long counter for grooming and applying make-up. The bathroom also accommodated two private bathroom stalls. Once closed, the thick wooden doors of the stalls provided the occupant with complete visual and auditory privacy. Heidi declared, "Nice bedroom!" She followed up by asking, "Where's mine?"

Kira informed her, "This is OUR bedroom. There aren't any other beds in this apartment, so I hope you don't mind sharing."

Heidi reassured her, saying, "Oh, no, trust me, I'd be very pleased to share, particularly with you. That way I can fondle you all night."

Kira grinned and said, "That reminds me. I want you to try something with me. Just before Amber left...well, she was only here for about a day...she asked me to do this with her and it felt so good. It's the main reason why I've been almost nuts since she left. I really want to try it with you. You're just so damn cute. I mean, if that's ok with you, of course."

"Sure, boss," Heidi teased. She asked, "What should I do?" 

Kira moved over and seated herself at the edge of the bed, pulling her knees apart so that her feet were touching. She commanded, gently, "Come over here and sit like this at the edge of the bed."

Once Heidi was in position, Kira turned to kneel in front of her. Staring intensely at the exposed region between Heidi's legs, she told Heidi to lay back and she grabbed Heidi's ankles to shifted the woman's feet over the side of the bed. She directed Heidi to shuffle her rear so that it rested as close against the edge as possible.

Kira cleared her throat and leaned forward. Sticking her tongue out, she tentatively touched the tip against the opening of Heidi's pussy and noted a jolt of tension momentarily wrack the girl's body. Kira used her lips to pull at the little folds between Heidi's legs and placed a lingering kiss in the region of her clitoris. Kira was gratified to hear Heidi respond with a high-pitched "uh-huuh" sort of sound. Heidi was trembling now each time Kira took a pause from making mouth to genital contact. After she felt finished with probing Heidi's vagina with her lips, she plunged her tongue as far into her opening as it would go and swirled it around inside. 

As Kira tongue-fucked her, Heidi's ability to maintain any composure disappeared and she began screaming loudly. Before losing control completely, Heidi put a hand on Kira's head and said, "Wait, stop. Do you think that it would be ok for me to have a better view, while you do that? Like, can you do that from overtop of me so that I can look up at your pussy while you lick me?" 
