 Chapter 7: Reunited

As Zoe left the lobby, Clarissa looked over at Sandra and asked, "Do you want your clothes now? If you want, you can feel welcome to stay naked. You won't get cold. The resort ensures a perfectly comfortable temperature for guests and staff at all times, even when they are outside. Don't ask me how that works. It's way over my head. In any case, Heidi and I will show you to your cottage, if you're ready."

Sandra considered Clarissa's suggestion and idly reflected that she could, now, totally see herself walking around naked about the resort without shame. She had just brought her naked self to orgasm in front of several dozen young men and women, and felt only a thrill and a strange sense of accomplishment from having done that at the moment. Somehow, she had utter confidence that she had only brightened the lives of all of the people who had just observed her in person and on all of those huge TV screens. She really, really liked that feeling. She assumed, correctly, that everyone at the resort would only feel grateful if she walked around nude for the entire duration of her stay. The only motive she had for putting her dress back on was Eric.

As Sandra was considering these things, Clarissa went on to say, "I guess my advice would be to get dressed, at least for now. If you walk in naked to meet Eric, it might freak him out a bit. As you can imagine, just like you, he's had to deal with some strange experiences this morning. Usually, it's best for couples not to generate too much of a surprise in one another when we reunite them."

This stimulated Sandra to inquire, "So, are couples always kept separate like this when they arrive at the resort?"

Heidi chimed in, "Not always. Our procedures get tailored to the unique qualities of our guest couples. Not to mention, plenty of single people end up here, as well. Once in a while, people even end up here as members of a large group. Couples frequently do get introduced to the resort, separately, however. It's not so much a divide-and-conquer strategy as a way of simplifying. If you were thinking about what Eric was going through, it would make it much harder for you to get comfortable here. Similarly, if Eric were worrying about...well, you get what I mean. Very close couples, like you and Eric, are so sensitive to each other's feelings that it complicates getting you to settle in as individuals. It's one of the downsides of being unselfish with the people you care about, so it is a very common challenge for us. After all, the people who end up here are here because they are generous and caring in the first place."

Sandra was so fascinated that she had entirely forgotten that she was still sitting naked in between two mostly-nude goddesses. When Heidi had finished her explanation, Sandra blinked back at her, somewhat dazed by the thought and resources that must have gone into setting up this resort. Finally, she said, "That all makes perfect sense." She stood up and put her dress back on. 

She stepped out of her sandals to make it easier to pull her panties back into position. After wiggling into her underwear, she put her shoes back on and turned to look alternately at Heidi and Clarissa. She said, "Ok, as much as I hate to ask. Please, put your uniforms back on. My walking up to Eric escorted by two naked girls would be almost as shocking for Eric as if I walked up without any clothes on, myself." Hearing this, Clarissa and Heidi flashed a knowing smirk at one another, but then obeyed Sandra's request and put their skirts and tops back on. Clarissa gestured for Heidi and Sandra to follow her toward the staircase at the far end of the lobby.

As they walked, Clarissa led them to the right of the bathroom doors behind the staircases to a door at the far right-hand side of the room. She opened the door and led them into a huge room that housed an indoor pool with a four large hottubs just a few feet from each corner. The room was completely empty, presumably because the weather outside was so warm, but Clarissa corrected this presumption by explaining, "This pool is only open in the late afternoon. If we came through here in the middle of the night, it would be jammed with staff and guests. It's one of peoples' favorite places to party at nighttime." 

Clarissa led them around the pool and through a door on the opposite side of the room. The door led them outside to breath-taking gardens, complete with bronze statues of various nude men and women and elaborate concrete fountains, similarly adorned with statues of water-spouting naked people. A number of the bronze and concrete statues were dressed in the resort staff uniform and inspection of the full set of them would provide a fairly complete depiction of the categories of sexual interactions that it is possible for two people to engage in. 

Amongst the statues were pathways flanked by flowerbeds, trees, and hedges. For the first time, Sandra could see that there actually were other guests at the resort. Several male and female guests about her age strolled around the gardens or sat on benches, either alone or in larger groupings, accompanied by one or more uniformed resort staff. Sandra recognized some of these staff members from her previous introduction. 

Sandra, Clarissa and Heidi exchanged smiles and waves with guests and other staff members that they encountered as they navigated pathways to the far side of the gardens. Once at the other side, they stepped onto a broad, forest-flanked pathway and followed it for ten minutes or so, until it opened up at the centre of the row of cul-de-sacs that provided the location for the guest cottages. Clarissa led the trio off to the right and they shortly found themselves in the entryway of the cottage where Eric was seated at the dining room table, waiting patiently with Kira and Trixie. A plate of sandwiches, a bowl of salad, a pitcher of lemonade, and a carafe of coffee were waiting for them on the table. When Sandra saw Eric, he leaped up and the couple kissed and embraced in the archway between the living room and the dining room. 

Eric said, "It's really nice that you're here! Look at the lunch that they've set up for us!"

Sandra responded, "It all looks fantastic. I hope you've had as fun a morning as I have, baby. I can't wait to tell you all about it. But, first, I'm starving."

After Eric and Sandra separated, Kira and Trixie introduced themselves to Sandra, while Clarissa and Heidi introduced themselves to Eric. In all cases, the women applied the resort's uniquely affectionate style of greeting; a prolonged, full-bodied, bear hug, accompanied with warm verbal expressions of welcome, such as, "We're so glad you came" and "It's such a pleasure to meet you, finally." Afterwards, the six of them sat down for a very pleasant lunch, in which the conversation centered on a good-natured discussion about how not traumatized the events of the morning had made Eric and Sandra. 

Not able to hold out for long before describing what had happened to him, Eric told Sandra about the strange effects of the coffee Kira had given him. In any other context, Sandra might have been offended by Kira's prank in stimulating Eric's arousal, but in this one she only found the story hilarious. She almost choked on her lemonade from laughing so hard. She laughed all the harder, as Eric continued by describing Carly's actions and antics in the theatre, although she expressed some concern about the girl's tumble and injury. 

Heidi chuckled, informing Sandra, "As I understand it, that is Carly's patented trick. The injury is real, but she has a certain knack for ensuring that her fall always gets her in a sensitive, but not too sensitive, area. She knows that it is the easiest way to get a male guest's hands between her legs. I love her. She's so funny and so cute." The other three staff members nodded their heads in enthusiastic agreement. 

Eric then went on to tell Sandra about his exploration of the cottage and some of its contents, as well as his finding the Kira and Trixie channel on TV as he was trying to distract himself from masturbating. He told her about the book he found on the bedside table and how he masturbated to one of the stories, only to discover, to his horror, that Kira and Trixie were watching him, too. That part of the story sent Sandra into an uncontrollable giggle-fit, during which she begged him to stop, before she gave herself a hernia. Sandra's reaction allowed Eric to appreciate more fully the humour in his situation, which sent him laughing as well. Soon, all six of them were in tears from laughter. 

After several minutes, Sandra remarked, "You girls are so sexy, but also very brilliant. How can Eric be shy about anything here now, now that he knows that you two have watched him masturbating? It's a pretty arousing image, though, isn't it, girls?" In unison, Kira and Trixie both blushed slightly and nodded, as they bit their lower lip. The two of them were the picture of naughty vixens, with just the very smallest hint of remorse about the impurity of their characters. Sandra considered whether there was anything those girls were incapable of convincing a heterosexual man to do. She thought that there probably wasn't much of anything they wouldn't be able to convince HER to do, for that matter. 

Kira spoke up, "I appreciate the compliment, Sandra, but it's really the resort as a team that makes us so skilled at, well, loosening up our guests. We can't take all the credit."

That reminded Sandra to tell Eric, "Oh, yes, did you know that the staff here can read our minds? You can see how much easier that will make things for us. If we need a blow dryer or something, we just have to think it."

Eric laughed. Then, he directed the focus away from his morning to Sandra's, by asking, "So, what happened to you, Sandy?" 

Sandra described Zoe and the effects of the tea. She told him about the documents and their magical image generation abilities. Eric wasn't laughing as she spoke. Instead, he sat speechless, fascinated, and could feel himself getting aroused. This arousal only intensified as Sandra explained how Clarissa and Heidi had convinced her to go through the documents with them. At that point, Sandra stopped. 

She said, cautiously, "Do you want to talk about the rest in private or can I describe this in front of these women? Actually, on second thought, I think that at least one of them must be present with us, so I don't know if it makes sense to make three of them leave..."

Eric reassured her, "I'm not worried about what happened, Sandy. I know you, and I know that the scenario you've described up to now would have made you nervous, but would have also been a dream come true for you. I mean, look at these women. They are like one of your fantasies brought to life. I can't wait to find out what happened next, but I bet I can guess. You got so turned on by showing them those pictures, you couldn't resist at least kissing them, if not more."

"Great, now you can read minds now, too?" Sandra asked, jokingly. "Yep, that's pretty much what happened next, but you won't be able to predict what came after that." 

Sandra went on to discuss how, after a brief back-and-forth, she told Clarissa and Heidi to strip down to their panties. Well, they also had garters, and stockings, but somehow those items made them seem even more naked. She described how she got introduced, one by one, to so many members of the resort staff, and how the group proceeded to honor her for her charitable and professional accomplishments. 

Eric said, "Hmm, I didn't get welcomed by nearly as many people, did I?"

Kira touched his hand and looked mock-condescendingly into his eyes. She said, "Sweetie, you must know that a woman like Sandra will require a lot more to make her comfortable and welcome than it will to make a man comfortable. A woman needs stronger doses of love so that she knows that she can trust unfamiliar men and women; even super hot ones. You'll regret it if I hear anything that seems like a complaint from you. You better work with us to make Sandra comfortable and happy. Your own enjoyment here depends on it." 

Eric nodded, apologetically.

"I like her a lot, Eric," Sandra said, smiling mischievously.

Eric said, "Yes, of course, I was just joking, but it's a good point. Please go on, baby."

Sandra continued by describing how Zoe's presentation proceeded to show her documents on multiple huge screens and in movie format. She conveyed the intensity of her experience flipping into and out of Andy's mind as he started to masturbate and how it all became too much. She said, "I thought I would burst at any moment. I told Heidi to strip me naked so I could masturbate. I actually gave myself an orgasm in front of everyone and they all cheered and thanked me. At first, I was shocked and embarrassed, but now I think it was easily the most satisfying masturbation session I've ever had." 

As Eric listened to these details, his penis stiffened completely and he could feel himself sweating. He said, a bit unevenly, "Baby, I'm so glad that you had that experience. I really want to see that video of you. It would be so hot to watch you in action for your first time. I'm always telling you how you are so much sexier than you seem to think you are."

Heidi spoke up, "It's so true, Sandra. Everyone thinks you are among the sexiest women to visit the resort. Trust me, everyone in your audience was a huge fan of you and you earned so much respect by letting go so completely."

Agreeing, Clarissa said, "Yes, Zoe told me that nobody has ever stripped completely naked before and nobody has finger-fucked themselves to orgasm during the introduction. Me and Heidi cannot believe how lucky we are to be the ones leading your welcome."

With sincere gratitude, Sandra said, "Thanks, girls. I have a feeling that a lot of the credit goes to your skill at making me feel, ummm, so welcome." 

By this point in the conversation, everyone had finished lunch. Eric asked, "Ok, so now what do we do?" 

Kira responded, cheerfully, "Anything you want! What do you guys want to do? Like, what is the first thing that comes to mind; the thing that appeals to you most?"

Sandra said, a little hesitantly, "Well, quite honestly, I really need to get laid after what happened in the lobby."

Clarissa said, "Interesting, because that's exactly what Eric is thinking. Your both also thinking that there is a resort here full of activities and you're wondering whether it is lame to want to do something that you can do all the time at home. The answer is no. If it's what you want to do, then it's the thing that you should do. That's how this resort is supposed to work."

"Sandy, the rule is that one staff member must be present with us at all times. That means we will have at least one observer," Eric reminded her.

Sandy corrected him, "It actually means we'll have four observers. They're all our new friends now, so I couldn't think of which ones of them we would ask to leave. I have this strange feeling that they all won't mind being present. Did you know that there's no sex among staff members and they can't masturbate? It seems the resort keeps them in a state of sexual eagerness, but they don't get many opportunities to enjoy sexual activities. The least we can do is let them watch us."

Heidi reaffirmed Sandra's point, "Yes, of course, we'd all love to be present, but you are only required one of us to be in the room with you. It's completely up to you. I want to remind you also that you must be visible, so it's not like you can do your thing under the blankets like this is a PG-rated movie or something."

"Good reminder," Sandra remarked. She went on to say, "I'm not going to exclude any of you. It's all four of you, unless any of you have other things to do."

Clarissa spoke for the quartet, "The four of us have been assigned to be your escorts all afternoon. There won't always be four staff members assigned to you and it won't necessarily be one of us and, just so you know, you will have male staff members assigned to you very often. Until 5:00 PM, however, it's the four of us."

Sandra said, "...and we couldn't be more grateful for your company. Can you handle an audience, baby?"

"A rule is a rule," Eric responded, blandly. "But, first, can someone direct me to the bathroom?" 

"Likewise," Sandra said.

Kira took the opportunity, as she declared, "I'll show you, Sandra. Heidi, why don't you show Eric to the bathroom off the bedroom and I'll take Sandra to the one at the end of the hall?"

Heidi nodded in agreement, stood up, and took Eric by the hand, leading him away from the table and into the bedroom. Kira, similarly led Sandra to the end of the hall and through the door, revealing a stairway that led to a lower floor to the right and another door on the left-hand side. She opened the door and brought Sandra into a staggeringly huge bathroom, equipped with a marble counter with a large mirror along the wall opposite the door and, to the right, a 6 foot by 6 foot clear-glass shower with shower heads projecting from the left, the right, and the back wall. There was also a toilet tucked inside a wooden doorway adjacent to the bathroom's entrance on the left-hand side. 

Kira said, "It's nice, because the toilet area provides complete privacy, so a staff member could be in the bathroom with you without making you feel embarrassed. The cubicle there is completely soundproof, you might be interested to know. I know that I would be relieved to know that."

"Cool!" Sandra responded, as she hiked her dress up to her waist, according to the drill that was already familiar thanks to her earlier trip to the bathroom with Heidi. Kira smiled and removed her panties as Heidi had done, without being able to completely keep her hands from trembling. Kneeling at eye-level with Sandra's pussy, Kira simply went, "Mmmmm." 

Sandra was feeling entirely naughty, by now, so she noted, "Heidi wished me luck with a kiss at the top of those lips, so can I expect the same treatment from you, also?"

"Well, since you brought it up," Kira said, as she pressed her lips against the folds of Sandra's pussy, held them there for about 10 seconds, and then solemnly kissed the spot as she pulled her head away, solemnly.

Sandra reacted with, "Ahhhhh. Thank-you. A few more kisses like that and I'll probably agree to lend you my husband." 

Kira giggled in response, stood up, and hugged Sandra. Sandra hugged her back and turned into the stall, closing the door behind her.

Meanwhile, Heidi was singing praises of Sandra as she walked Eric into the bedroom and opened the door at the far left-hand side of the room. The bathroom off the bedroom was also huge and identical to the one that Sandra was using. Outside the stall that housed the toilet, Heidi got on her knees, unbuttoned and unzipped Eric's shorts, and removed his shorts and underwear from around the throbbing obstacle poking out from between his legs. 

Leaving his bottoms around his ankles, Heidi remarked, thoughtfully, "It's really beautiful, my friend. I mean it's very, very nice. I just don't see how you're going to pee with it pointed up in that direction."

Eric responded, "I know. It's not going to work. It also doesn't help knowing that your face is only inches away from it."

Heidi suggested, "That's what I thought, so step out of those bottoms of yours and I'll sit on the counter over here. You go sit on the toilet seat and we can chat about less sexy things. Hopefully, your big guy will take the opportunity to relax a bit. He needs to save that energy for Sandra's pussy."

Eric laughed, "If you talk like that, you will not be discouraging him."

Heidi slapped her hand against her forehead, "Oh, yes! I'm sorry." She continued, "Tell me about the cases you're working on."
