 Tags up front: alien, male-female sex, psychic powers, enhancement, power fantasy, blowjob, pool sex, fantasy sex, male dominant, telepathy, harem, consent, office sex, and just a little MFF sex this time.

For folks who read chapter 5 a while back: I made a revision and changed Courtney's name to Angela. The previous name wasn't working for me because reasons. Angela is the same character from the earlier installment.

Also, turns out "butler" isn't a gender-specific term. It can apply to women, as it does here. I checked.

*

Angela dreamed.

She found herself amid silk sheets and soft sunlight through the windows. The bed felt luxurious as she stirred, with the sheets against her naked skin. Her eyes opened to a grand, spacious bedroom where the only clutter was some discarded clothes at the side of the bed, including her own.

She felt perfectly safe here. Her car keys and purse were on the nightstand beside her, along with the duffel bag. It was open just a touch to remind her the cash was all there. The bedroom door was open. All of it signaled her complete freedom to leave. Nothing would stop her.

Much of the sunlight came through the sliding glass door on the other side of the bedroom. Thin white curtains obscured the view, but through them she saw a pool deck with patio furniture. Beyond that she saw a low hedge and blue sky, hinting at a view. She felt like the house must be on a hill. A ripple along the curtains hinted the door was left partly open.

She slipped out of bed, once again feeling the silk sheets across her nude skin. She was oddly conscious of all the physical luxuries: the pillows, the sheets, the soft carpet under her feet as she rose. Her whole body felt good on its own, too, particularly as she stretched her arms up over her head. Sensuous pleasures echoed through her body. She felt beautiful, sexy, and safe.

Her eyes fell to the nightstand again. Purse, keys, money. All still there. More money than she'd ever seen. Left out like an invitation. It wasn't enough to live on forever, but more than enough to settle every debt and comfortably chart whatever new course she wanted.

With a step forward and another glance around the room, she saw herself in a full-length mirror. Even straight out of bed, she looked as good as she ever had... no. Better. Her tall, slender figure, her highlighted brown hair and tanned skin seemed without a flaw. Intuitively, Angela knew her beauty went more than skin deep. She was fit and healthy and sexy as hell.

She found a little silk robe left over the back of a chair and slipped it on before she got to the sliding door. Without looking at her reflection, she knew how the robe looked on her, barely covering her ass and presenting a plunging neckline.

Outside of working events or moments of intimacy, she wasn't normally this aware of her body or how she looked. It didn't occupy space in her mind. She just went through life like anyone else, conscious of things like pain or discomfort far more acutely than any pleasant peace... but in the back of her mind, she felt beautiful and sensuous, and she enjoyed it greatly.

Angela pulled the curtain aside and stepped out from one scene of luxury into another. As she suspected, the patio was part of a pool, all of it big enough to host one hell of a party. The house had to be somewhere in the hills overlooking LA. As she took in the scene, Angela saw chaises under umbrellas. She saw tables and chairs.

She saw Kyle, or rather his back. He stood at the steps leading into the pool, completely naked, with the water halfway to his thighs. She liked his body, toned and lean rather than bulky, with short black hair and...a downward tilt to his head. He stood still, looking down. He was only a few more steps away. She was barefoot and walking quietly, but the scene was quiet enough that he had to have heard the door unless something had his full attention.

Fingers with long red nails slipped around his ass. Angela couldn't see everything from this angle, but now she saw the woman's shoulder and a little of her blonde hair as her head bobbed up and down at Kyle's waist.

A tremor ran through her. She froze, watching in as still a pose as Kyle struck while he enjoyed a blowjob from some other woman. One of his hands slowly came to rest in the other woman's hair. He let out a soft moan. It sent another tremor through Angela.

A flood of thoughts crashed through her mind: She'd just woken up in his bed, and he was already out here with someone else? Was this cheating? Should she say something? Do anything about this? Shouldn't she be angry...?

...was this turning her on?

Angela remembered Emily then. This wasn't Emily, though. This was somebody new. She understood that. Taller, a little darker of skin tone and with black hair rather than brown. Her hip swayed out a bit as she sucked Kyle's cock, showing a much fuller figure than skinny but pretty Emily. She kept sucking, and Kyle kept savoring it. Angela watched.

"Good morning, Angela," said a quiet, feminine voice beside her. The voice didn't startle. One moment she was alone, the next she was with someone else, but nothing else changed. Kyle and his unidentified partner continued on.

"Hi," Angela mumbled, still mesmerized by the scene in front of her.

"Is there anything I can do for you?" the woman asked. She was the...butler? That made sense in Angela's memories. Angela couldn't remember her face, though. Abstractly beautiful, she remembered, but an actual description didn't come to mind. Her eyes didn't come off the scene in the pool to look, either. The butler slipped her hand into Angela's, guiding her over to one of the chaises without crossing into her vision. "Can I get you anything? A drink?"

"No, no thank you," Angela murmured. She laid back into the chaise at the butler's guidance, leaving her with an even better view of the sex scene in front of them.

The other woman was beautiful. Kyle looked hot, too. He obviously enjoyed her.

Angela turned her head slightly to the butler, never breaking her stare at the sex act. For some reason she couldn't articulate, she didn't want to interrupt. She didn't feel pressured, nor intimidated, nor compelled. Her voice worked fine. If she chose to interrupt, to call out or make a scene, she could do that. All those options occurred to her. She was supposed to do something like that, wasn't she? It wasn't as if she felt afraid. She felt exactly the opposite. Consciously, she kept her voice low as she asked the butler, "Who is that?"

"Her? Oh, the latest conquest, I suppose," the butler said with clear approval. "I don't know her name yet. Don't know if she'll be staying, either. By the way, your car is right outside, fueled up and ready. If you want it."

Not a suggestion. Not a hint. Merely a reminder, a confirmation that the option existed.

"Wait, what did you call her?" Angela asked. She didn't raise her voice, but the possibility of insult deserved the question, at least. "Am I one of his 'conquests,' too?"

"Only as much as he is one of yours," said the butler. Her voice was close to Angela's ear now, soft and intimate. "Don't you feel a little sense of personal victory to reach so much pleasure and intimacy with someone else? To be wanted this way? I don't mean to talk of people as objects or trophies or any of that nonsense, but knowing that...doesn't it feel good?"

Angela didn't look to the butler. She kept her eyes on Kyle and his conquest. She couldn't help but notice the expression on his face, and on the other woman's—even with his cock in her mouth.

"As long as everyone is treated with respect, is it really so wrong?" the butler asked. "Haven't you ever taken someone to bed and thought to yourself, 'I win?' Or even at a first kiss?"

Angela relaxed a little, though in truth she hadn't physically stirred from the chaise. She thought the butler's words over. If Kyle thought of her as a trophy or a conquest, he didn't treat her like one. She'd been down that road with more than one guy already.

"I will say this probably won't develop into anything deep or serious," the butler continued softly in Angela's ear. "I think this may only be for fun. Or I could be wrong. Both are bound to happen. You talked about this already, didn't you?"

"Yes," said Angela. "Only a little."

"That's why I wanted to talk to you, too," whispered the woman at her ear. "Your conversation with him was enough for a night's fun. Maybe a little more. But he was worried that might have been more about the heat of the moment than a sure decision, so I wanted this moment with you. It's easy to say things like that when you're horny and excited. Confronting it might help make us all sure.

"We both want you to know you can walk away with no hard feelings and no trouble, too. That's why your things and the money are all laid out for you. We don't want you to go. Much the opposite. You are valued and wanted and appreciated. We care for your feelings and your happiness.

"It's important for you to know you can leave if you want, with no strings attached and no hard feelings from us...or you can stay and enjoy. But you should know he's serious about other women. Many more. It's important to decide if you're comfortable with that, because this will be a constant part of his life."

As she spoke, Angela found her view of the scene in the pool obstructed for the first time. A blonde in a racy French maid outfit walked by carrying a tray with a cocktail. The maid smiled at her as she passed, strutting more than walking. Her outfit wasn't a uniform; it was an invitation to fuck. The maid set the drink on the table next to Angela's chaise and sauntered back toward the house.

Her path drew Angela's eyes toward the living room door. Another woman walked by, this one a gorgeous black woman in a bikini that left little to the imagination. The woman inside waited for the maid, passing a quick word with her while pointing to Kyle in the pool with a question Angela couldn't hear. Whatever they said to one another, the maid and the other woman shared a naughty smile.

"There will be more, Angela," said the butler's sexy voice. "Many more. A harem of beauty and pleasure. Fun with others as the opportunity arises, and it will arise often. Are you okay with that?" She paused as if to give the butterflies in Angela's stomach a chance to have their say. "Do you like that?"

"Are you a part of this?" Angela asked slowly. "Is he fucking you, too? Do you like all this?"

"Yes on all counts," smiled the lips at her ear. "Yes, I fuck him, too. And I'm a part of this. I do all I can to facilitate it. I help him make it happen. At the risk of using the sort of terms that might bother you, we're...collecting lovers, partners, flings. All of it. Aggressively. No harm, no force or pressure. There is control, but only as much as we're given. Everyone's feelings are cared for, everyone is appreciated and respected. With all of that established, we put sex first as much as possible for everyone's greater joy. This is as much about intimacy and affection as it is about the sheer pleasure of getting off, whether it's a fling or something long-term. We want unbridled, shameless lust and pleasure to share with every partner. I love this, Angela."

Angela kept watching. The other woman in the pool with Kyle kept sucking. Angela felt a yearning within. She wanted Kyle, wanted to be in that other woman's place, but she wanted something else, too. "Why?" she breathed. "How?"

"Because nothing is better than fucking someone you want...except fucking anyone and everyone you want. And knowing they love it."

The explanation roused the butterflies in Angela's stomach. That sounded hot. She didn't deny it. But it wasn't what she meant. "No, I mean you?" she asked.

"How and why do I enjoy it?" the butler clarified. "May I show you? Teach you?"

"Yes."

"I should warn you, this may become more than an explanation. I may give you a new fetish. A new fascination. I may convert you."

"Try me," Angela breathed.

"Watch him," whispered those lips again before they kissed her ear. Her neck. Gentle, sensuous fingertips came to her collarbones and traced their way down her chest. Angela's breath deepened as her robe fell open all on its own. Soon, those fingers slid through the hairs of her pussy. Then farther. Angela was hotter and wetter than she'd realized.

The show continued. Kyle's partner sucked deeper. Harder. He moaned again. Angela's guide didn't tease for long.

"This is how good it feels," the other woman whispered, and then her finger slipped inside.

Angela shuddered with pleasure. Her whole body trembled, feeling the skillful, invading touch set off a chain reaction of nerves. Her eyes stayed on the sex scene in front of her. As Kyle's partner bobbed, so did the finger penetrate. A second soon joined the first. This woman knew exactly where and how to touch her, just as Kyle had.

She wanted more. She wanted to see more and feel more. As if she willed it to happen, Kyle and his sexy partner turned to other things. He guided her up from her knees, turning her to bend over on the steps and put her hands on the edge of the pool deck. Angela had a great view of it all as Kyle stepped around his partner of the moment and speared her. It was the other woman who got that glorious cock inside her, but Angela felt thicker pleasures within, too. She moaned at least as loudly as Kyle's current fuck toy. Soon, as the two in the pool fell into fierce rutting, Angela melted down. Throbbing ecstasy shook her groin and hips and left her a wet mess.

Her mentor allowed her a moment to breathe and come down, but never ceased her service. "His promiscuity is necessary for this, Angela. For this pleasure you experience, for the wealth and comfort. All of it. But necessary or not, it is what we want, too. Our desires outstrip our needs, and we embrace that without denial.

"What else?" the butler asked seductively. "You know what you want to ask."

"Does this go both ways?" asked Angela. "Can I hook up with others, too?"

"Kyle won't object. Neither will I. Fair is fair. The question is whether you'll want to. Have you ever felt anything as good from anyone else?"

Those fingers kept pleasing her. The show continued. She had to admit, she loved watching him fuck. Almost as much as she liked being the one getting fucked. "No," she admitted.

"I won't try to turn you from other men. I'll even help you as best I can, if you really want to. But I'm a bit of a specialist. I'm best at following his desires. I've learned to share them and enjoy them."

Angela shivered again. She knew what she was going to ask. So did the other woman, of course. Angela was okay with playing beside Emily in the hotel bed, but that was the heat of the moment and amid a sexual high. As for going farther... "Teach me?"

She felt that grin on her ear again. The maid reappeared, sauntering back to Angela, who got a full and enticing look at her. Her face was gorgeous, red lips and green eyes promising full and naughty service. The French maid outfit showed off her tits and tight belly, with her waist and legs encased in fishnet stockings and garters. Angela always appreciated feminine beauty, but it never made her feel desire before now.

The maid knelt at Angela's feet and slipped up between her legs as if the chaise had suddenly grown to accommodate two, just for this situation. The lady butler's fingers withdrew, but only to make room for the lips that soon covered Angela's pussy and the tongue that pushed inside. In a single breath, Angela found herself enraptured.

Suddenly, the thought of fucking all the hot women she could seemed every bit as compelling as her desire for Kyle. The thought of enjoying both nearly made her burst. Angela's lusts soared. She grabbed onto them like she grabbed onto the maid's head as the blonde kept working at her pussy.

"Do you want to stay this way?" the lady butler asked. "You won't remember me. You'll only vaguely remember this dream, but you'll remember how it made you feel. You'll remember the real points to this moment. And you'll feel this way from now on, until you really don't want to anymore. This beauty, these desires, the freedom, these pleasures. Not just in your mind, but in your body, from skin to bones. I'll help you enjoy it to the fullest... and from time to time, I'll trade you even greater pleasure for a little control.

"You're conscious enough to make this decision. Your judgment is clear, even with all this pleasure. I only wanted you to understand what I'm offering. Do you want this?"

"Yes," Angela moaned. The idea of even more pleasure than this seemed unreal, and if it meant giving this woman more control? When her coaching felt this good already? Angela could hardly wait. Her eyes fluttered open again, treating her to the delicious sight of Kyle fucking some other woman senseless while a hot blonde ate her out. "God, please, yes!"

She felt a smile in her mind. "Then maybe we can let you in on a little more of the secret. Not all of it, I'm afraid. You'll have to accept some things remain private. You won't remember me as the messenger, but you'll remember the message...and a little more. I think we can trust you.

"Enjoy. And welcome to our harem."

* * *

Kyle only slightly remembered his dreams, but they included acute sensations that carried him out of sleep. He had bleary images of pools, women, and cast-off bikinis, but the blowjob felt almost real. So close to real that the actual real thing didn't shock him awake. Instead, the mouth servicing him affectionately coaxed him out of his dreams.

Through touch and what little light made it around the drapes, Kyle realized it was Emily. He sat up just a little to look at her. He felt her grin around his cock. Without releasing him from her mouth she reached up with one hand to put a finger over his lips to shush him. Angela lay next to him, apparently still asleep.

Relax and enjoy, advised Xin. You don't have to do anything. You don't even have to make any noise. She knows how good this feels for you. I'm letting her know.

Thanks, thought Kyle. He did as both Emily and Xin bade. He already felt the urge to reciprocate, but he wanted this to go on, too.

Turns out you feel amazing in her mouth. And you're delicious. This wasn't even my idea. It was all hers. I only made sure she woke up before you to help things along.

Thank you for all that, too. Especially for the enhancements. Nice to know this is so pleasant.

Hell, yeah it is. The most self-indulgent pleasures you experience will feel every bit as good for whoever provides them. At least when it comes to sex. I'll make sure of that. I even put in a little work on that score tonight.

Emily wants to enjoy you while she can, but she's working again this morning. She loves all this, but she doesn't really want to leave the life she's leading. Playtime now and again is awesome and she knows she can call on you whenever she needs. She's not up for an extended vacation right now, though.

On the other hand...

Emily's lips and tongue slid back and forth along his length, never fully letting him go. Her hand around the base of his shaft stroked for extra effect. It got better when his other companion rolled over to lay along his side and kiss his neck.

"Morning," Angela murmured.

"Hi."

"This is hot," she declared softly. Her lips descended along his collarbone and chest as she drew back, working her way down to his waist. Though her lips then left him, he still heard a kissing noise, followed by a soft request: "Can I taste you?"

"Mm-hm," the mouth encircling his cock replied with clear approval.

Emily shifted up to her hands and knees, still sucking him with devotion while Angela crawled around to get behind her. Kyle watched Angela sweep her hair over one shoulder before her face descended below Emily's nicely presented ass.
