 Note: this is just a bit of a goof that I banged out one night. It's a lot more sarcastic than most of my other stories.

*

So, here's the thing. This is the point where the story teller gives you a bunch of back story before all the good stuff happens. Like it makes the story any more respectable if you have a bunch a crap about the characters feelings and shit. If you're like me, I usually skip that part of the story. Well, I'm not gonna waste your time or mine with it so we'll move on to the part of the story you are here for.

"I didn't know there were female genies," I said to the vision before me. "Especially not redheaded one."

She truly was a vision. Her hair was a deep red, and flowed in loose curls down to the middle of her back. She wore very little. Really it was just a few pieces of very shear silk wrapped around her in very interesting ways. It barely covered the nipples of her large breasts, which poked out against the almost see through fabric. 

"Of course there are," she giggled at me, which made her breasts giggle oh so nicely. "Where do you think you get baby genies from?"

"Oh yeah, I guess you're right about that." I turned a little red with embarrassment over my mental blunder, but really how well would your brain work if you were polishing some old lamp you found and a half naked, gorgeous woman popped out of it?

"So, I'm guessing you know the drill, you get three wishes, no asking for extra wishes. You can't ask for magical powers of your own. And I can't do anything that would cause a paradox, like going back in time and killing your grandfather before your father was conceived."

"Do you really get asked to do that last one?"

"Ever since you humans invented science fiction, I get the occasional nerd that will ask me that just to see what will happen."

Now, here comes some more boring shit that you really don't want to read. I give her my first two wishes, yada yada yada, and now I have everything I could ever wish for. Now it's time for the good one.

I thought for a while about what to use my last wish for, and the genie must have started to get bored waiting for me to answer because she sat down on my recliner, and started flipping through a magazine. She turned to a page with celebrity news and laughed out loud.

"What's so funny," I asked.

"You see this one here," she said as she turned the magazine around so I could see who she was talking about. "The one with big ass? She's one of my past clients."

"So that's how a person with no talents whatsoever can be so rich and famous?"

"Yep."

She went back to reading the magazine, and I had a great view up the wrap she wore around her waist. They must not have had razors back in the ancient Arabian peninsula back when she was created, but apparently they did have scissors, because it was nicely trimmed up. This knocked an idea loose in my head.

"Do you grant sexual wishes," I asked.

Her eyes lit up and she sat up in the chair. "Oooh, I love those. What do you have in mind?"

I told her about how there was a certain way that I liked to masturbate. A way that was really slow, and felt really good. A way that, in theory, could keep me from orgasming for hours, but that I always lost control and made myself come way too soon. I think the longest I ever made it was 15 minutes. I told her that I always wanted to have someone else do it for me so that I could see what it's like to feel that for a long time, but I was too embarrassed to ask any of my past girlfriends. I was too afraid they would think I was weird.

"So, do you think you could do that for me?"

"You bet!" She seemed really interested.

So I made my final wish, and she snapped her fingers. The next thing I knew, I was in my bedroom, which was looking a lot more ritzy thanks to a previous wish, and lying on my bed naked. The genie was standing next to the bed, still clothed. Knowing that I needed to be really aroused before she could start, she started to do a fabulous strip tease for me. Even though she wasn't wearing much to begin with, she certainly took her time to take it all off. By the time she was done, I was rock hard, but still not quite ready yet, so she pushed me onto my back, and climbed onto the bed, and then onto my face. This is so much better than watching porn for this, I thought to myself.

As I dug into my meal of genie snatch, part of a nutritious breakfast kids, she leaned down and gently started stroking my balls. Her pussy tasted both sweet and tart, like fresh blackberries, and as I licked her, she made the most adorable cooing noises. Then she got a feather from somewhere, she probably conjured it up, and started stroking my dick up and down with it. Every time the feather touched the head of my dick, it would jump up, like it was trying to get more pressure from it.

We stayed like this, me eating the most delicious pussy in the world, and her slowly feathering my cock and balls, until she squeezed my head between her lovely thighs. Her mane of red hair flew backwards in an arc as she threw her head back and screamed as the orgasm hit her. I rubbed her ass, and licked her lightly as she came down.

Back on Earth, she jumped off me and I see what has become of my member. It was swollen harder than I had ever seen it, and it was leaking huge amounts of precum. I was ready to go.

Now sitting beside me, she grabbed my dick with one hand, and the other she dipped into the bead of precum that was just about to fall onto my stomach. With her fingers now lubed up, she started to rub them all over the head of my dick. I'm not one of those guys who get over sensitive when his glans are constantly stimulated. In fact, I love it. And as long as she keeps rubbing around in circles, and occasionally runs back over the tip, I'll keep producing more precum, and stay lubed. Also, if she doesn't stimulate my frenulum, I won't be able to cum from it. I'll stay on this edge of intense, almost painful pleasure for as long as she keeps this up.

Once she gets the pattern down, she sits back up and plants herself on my face again. This is pure bliss. I never knew this would feel so good. I have an incredibly beautiful woman, not only letting me eat her pussy, but at the same time, giving me the best handjob of my life. If I died right then and went to heaven, it couldn't compare to right this moment.

We stay like that for a while, I have no idea how long because all I could see was the pink folds of the most gorgeous pussy in the world. After about her third or fourth orgasm I tapped her on the thigh and said, "I think I've had enough now. You can make me cum."

She lifted herself from me, and turned to me with a wicked little grin on her face and said, "I don't think so. I'm going to make sure you get the full effect of your wish. I couldn't let it get around that I did a half assed job with one of my wishes. I'd be the laughing stock of the genie community."

"But I'm really starting to need to orgasm now. You've done a wonderful job, five stars, will definitely recommend you to all my friends. Now, if you could just finish here," I nodded towards my throbbing cock, "and your work here will be done."

"Nah, you still have a long way to go. I think you just need a little change up."

She snapped her fingers and a large fluffy makeup brush appeared. She leaned over and started to brush it around the head of my penis. It was alright, but not really anything special. She pouted for a second, obviously not happen with my reaction to the brush. Then she smacked herself in the forehead and said, "Of course, you need a little cleaning up here. You've got so much precum coating you, that it's no wonder you can't feel my little friend here. I could try cleaning you up, but in your state, you'll probably shoot off the first time I touched you with a wash cloth. I know." She snapped her fingers again, and my poor throbbing, shiny dick, was still a deep shade of purple, but no longer shiny.

I don't know if I had gotten really sensitive from all the playing she did before hand, if she had a magic brush, or if she made my dick more sensitive, but that thing felt amazing. It felt like a thousand tiny feathers all running over my most important spot. I could do nothing except moan and clutch the bedsheets. She didn't stick to the head this time either. It traveled up and down my length, swirled around the ridge of my glans, would shoot down to visit my balls for a while (that actually tickled a little bit), and then back up to the tip. All the while completely missing the one spot that would give me the right kind of sensations that would allow me to cum. 

Every once in a while, a bead of precum would form on the head of my dick, and before it could roll down and ruin her work, she would bend down and lick it off. Just the very tip of her tongue, the only time it ever touched me, for a split second, and then back to the brushing. As she would bend over, her breast would rub along the inside of my thighs, and her hair would cascade and tickle me around my groin.

This was starting to become torture.

I started to beg her to let me finish. I even tried to reach down and do it myself, but she would slap my hands away every time I got close.

I pleaded with here to let me finish and she replied that there was still so much work to be done. She stood up and started to rummage around on the floor for something. This was my chance. I grabbed myself and started beating it like there was no tomorrow. She saw this and screamed "NO!"

Instantly my hands let go, and my arms raised up above my head. Try as I might, I couldn't lower them. It was like they were being held I place, but I didn't see anything.

She gave me a cross look and said, "I'm actually not that mad. In fact, I'm surprised you lasted this long. But I can't let you interfere anymore."

I then saw what she picked up from the floor. It was a piece of her outfit, a sleeve I think. She sat back down between my legs, and place the silk against the head of my dick, facing me. The then grabbed the two ends and started pulling on them one at a time, kind of like she was polishing a shoe. I had heard the term, getting your knob polished, but this was something totally different. Sensations of cold fire shot though me as she moved the material back and forth against me. I was crying it felt so good.

Hours later, I know this because I could see a clock off and on, and she attacked me with everything that her twisted mind could think of. She used her hair on me. First she leaned over me and just shook her head back and forth so it fell over me in waves. Then she grabbed handfuls of it, and would jack me off with it. Yet somehow, she managed to miss that magic spot. She used a long piece of fur on me, which was one thing, but then it started to move on it's own. It slithered around me like a fluffy snake. 

When her little friend left, she called in two others. They were tiny little naked women, about six inches tall, with wings, and not a stitch of clothing. At first, the went after me with tiny little paint brushes. They let the precum build up this time. When a new puddle formed, they threw the brushes away and gave me the same treatment the genie did at first, but with four tiny hands instead of a couple regular sized fingers. Those little hands got into crevices, and touched nerves that a normal hand would never be able to touch.

Occasionally, she would get really turned on and hop back on my face. This went on and on until I was clinging to the last pieces of my sanity. Tears of frustration flowed from my eyes almost as much as precum flowed from my dick. 

Suddenly everything stopped. I looked at her, and she smiled at me and said, "Now you're ready." She straddled my body and impaled herself on my dick. I thought I had felt pleasure before, but sliding into that magical vagina was a feeling that still wakes me up at night when I dream about it.

She rocked her hips slowly at first, and then started to ride me up and down. When my orgasm hit, I roared and grabbed onto her hips, it actually hurt a little bit. Pulse after pulse came shooting out of me. I didn't know if it was ever going to end. That was when I think I passed out a little. When I came back, the genie was still riding me, and I was still hard. After all that build up, I wasn't done yet. 

I flipped us both over and took charge for this one. I loved watching her tits jiggle as I slammed into her. You just don't see that with silicone. When I came this time, it was just as amazing, but I didn't pass out this time.

I collapsed on top of her, and rested my head upon her left breast. "Wow" was all I could say.

"That was the best time I've had in centuries," she said as she stroked my hair. "In fact, I think I'm gonna refund your wish with one caveat."

"What's that," I said, looking up at her.

"That you wish we do this every week."

"How about once a month instead. I don't think I could handle that once a week."

She laughed and said, "Nonsense, you just need to build up your stamina."