 CHAPTER 10: Social Skills

After their friendly introduction, Heidi and Kira had a nap pressed tightly against one another. Waking up, Kira led Heidi to see what was on their TV in the living room. Kira explained that there hadn't been anything presented on there except for some brief pop-ins by Millie. This time when Kira and Heidi sat down, the screen came to life and Zoe appeared, grinning.

She said, "Hey, girls! I can see that you have been acquainting yourselves with one another, which is very encouraging news!"

Pale-skinned Heidi blushed brightly at this comment and, somehow, brown-skinned Kira appeared flushed, as well. They simply smirked and nodded in agreement.

Zoe continued, "On that subject, it is very important for me to instruct you both that any sexual activities must be immediately followed by your cleansing and aesthetic rituals. That is, unless you plan on going to sleep, in which case you can put those rituals off until you awaken. You are meant to look your best and be impeccably clean at all times. Also, you must be aware that sexual activities can cause some skin problems in your, ummmm, sensitive areas."

Heidi and Kira both looked between their legs and noticed that they did look a bit red and puffy down there. Zoe instructed, "Your bathroom contains excellent lotions that you must apply to those relevant areas for after engaging in sexual experiences. There are other lotions that you should make a habit of applying over the rest of your bodies, but don't put any in your mouth or in any of your other holes. The labels will tell you which lotions are for what purpose. They will keep your skin smooth, firm, and healthy-looking. You must do this. Bye, girls, and have fun!"

The screen went blank before Heidi and Kira had time to respond to Zoe's order. Nonetheless, they promptly headed over to their bathroom and spent the next hour or so showering, cleansing, moisturizing, and doing their hair and make-up. Once they were finished, it was late afternoon, so they ate dinner together and enjoyed presenting edibles that the other hadn't tried yet. They discussed their excitement about being part of the project and how fun it was to experience being human. 

Later, Kira showed Heidi a sizeable room filled with standard computerized exercise equipment, including a step machine, a treadmill, and a stationary bike. They worked up a sweat together, chatting all the time about Earth events and the most fascinating books and documentaries they'd seen about life on Mammal Planet, as it was commonly referred to by the Photosynths. (Well, to be more precise, that was the loose translation of what they called it in the movement based language of their species.)

They finished an hour-long workout and then went through their cleaning and beautifying process again. At the end of the day five bright stars appeared on the mirror of their bathroom, with the words, "Great job, girls! ~Zoe", printed just below. 

Kira remarked, "I'm almost certain that regular humans, even ones that are known for being put-together, don't go through all of this trouble staying pretty. I wonder why we must take it all to the extreme, like this. I'm not complaining, because it's actually fun, especially doing it with a partner, but it seems clear that the role we will play in The Project depends a great deal on our physical attributes."

Heidi nodded as she finished putting the bounce back in her hair. She said, "Yes, the purpose of The Project is a mystery to me. It's all been very vague and secretive. I'm aware that all of us were recruited from universities because of our interest in humans and the stated goal of The Project was to finally intervene in a way that could save them. Honestly, I couldn't pass up the chance, once I found out that we'd actually be going there and in human form. I mean, who could really pass that up? Still, I hope they brief us at some point as to the specifics of their plan."

Kira nodded agreement, shifting behind and wrapping her arms around Heidi's neck. She said cheerfully to Heidi's reflection in the mirror, "Meanwhile, I think that just this part easily makes it worth the trouble of getting transformed. Humans have such a raw and beautiful way of connecting, compared to us Photosynths. Think about our reproductive activities. It's pretty. Couples dancing together with all of that pollen flying around, but we don't ever need to actually touch one another. Just feel me against you. Your little rear against my thighs, my breasts against your neck, my genitals pressed into your back. Feel me squeeze your titties with my hands. These are experiences that I am so grateful for and it will hurt a lot when the time comes for me to transform back." 

Heidi turned her head and Kira bent down to kiss her. Heidi led Kira into the next room. They crawled into their huge bed and took turns orally pleasuring each other before falling into a deep and restful sleep. 

Three days passed in which the two roommates slept, cleaned and groomed, exercised and ate together. They thoroughly enjoyed this time, since they had found their initial days as humans intriguing, but also quite lonely. They discovered files on their TVs that consisted of documentaries about Earth, as well as entertainment programs. They were both disappointed that sex tended to be, at most, hinted at in these programs, but they were still engrossed by them. The programs appeared to have been actually created by humans for broadcast on Earth, which made these items very novel for the women. In their former state, the only information they received about Earth came from Photosynth sources. What hours they didn't spend on mundane human body maintenance, they spent viewing their programs and then discussing them. In the process, together, they were developing some understanding of human social interactions. 

Of course, the roommates also took advantage of each other's presence to satisfy themselves, sexually. Early on, Kira got an urge watching one of the programs and started probing between her own legs. Noticing the initial signs of masturbation, Heidi quickly responded by climbing onto Kira's lap. Facing Kira, Heidi held her roommate's gaze by placing her hands on the woman's face. She asked, sweetly, "Can we agree that if one of us has the urge, that person must ask whether the other is interested in participating?" Kira nodded and, from that point on, they only pursued sexual release together, whenever the desire struck them. It struck them a lot and each room in their little apartment provided the context for at least one incident of wet, slurping, and finger-plunging girl sex, ultimately resolving in loud, mind-shattering orgasms for the both of them. 

On the fourth morning since Heidi's arrival, after the girls woke they noticed clothing placed neatly on their bathroom counter, just as they were headed into the shower together. In each of two piles, there was a little pair of shorts made of a shiny and stretchy silver material. There was also a little bikini top made of the same material that was meant to clasp around a woman's back. For both parts of one top and bottom combination, the word "Heidi" was printed in bright blue, cursive lettering. The other set had "Kira" printed on them in the same style of lettering, but hers was a bright pink.

The mirror displayed the following note: "Please wear these, today. ~Zoe". After getting ready for the day, the two roommates wiggled into their shorts and helped each other fasten the tops. Each of them looked at themselves in the mirror, noticing that the coverage provided was fairly minimal. The shorts were so tight that even their firm inner thighs bulged slightly at the bottom. Also, the hem stopped exactly parallel to the bottom of each girl's crotch, which made their bottoms precisely as small as possible while still allowing them to technically be called shorts. Also, the waistline was so low that it didn't quite entirely cover what shorts are meant to cover more completely. Heidi and Kira took turns seeing what happened when the other bent over, confirming that the position resulted in even more rear end exposure. 

Heidi declared, continuing to admire herself in the mirror, "I was kind of used to being nude, but these aren't so bad." Kira nodded agreement to her own image in the mirror and, with that, the pair headed to the kitchen to have breakfast and then into the living room to see what new Earth programs might have been posted. Just as they were about to flip on the TV, they heard a click at the door to their apartment and they froze as they listened to someone approach. They were excited and knew that one of them would be instructed to leave at some point or that they'd be joined by someone new, but now it was real and their anticipation as to who their new roommate might be made them a bit tense. 

The wait seemed longer than the few moments that it actually took the mystery transformee to cross the threshold of their living room, but the women were very glad to see a large, very fit-looking, and shirtless male human emerge. He was fair-skinned and had short, almost black hair. He was also shoeless and sockless. His only clothing was a pair of brown cargo shorts with the word "Andy" printed in white across the waist band. When he discovered the two girls sitting close together on the couch facing the TV, he jumped back, but quickly recovered and smiled brightly. They hopped up from their seated position and both rushed over to give him a hug. 

Heidi said, with her head pressed against Andy's chest, "We're so glad you're here! Neither of us has met a male one, before!" 

"Wow, you're tall," Kira observed as she nuzzled her face into his neck. He must have been well over six feet tall, because he even towered over Kira. 

Heidi agreed, "Yes, you make me look like a little person. Also, your body's so hard."

After the two women finally released him and stood back to visually inspect their new roommate, Andy responded, "Thank-you for the warm welcome, girls. You are the first transformees I've met at all. I'm not even sure what to do with myself."

"Well, first why don't we sit down and get to know each other," Kira offered and guided Andy to sit between them on the couch. 

Once settled, Kira stated, "This is a day of firsts." She went on to say, "We've been here together for a few days, but this is the first day we've worn any clothes at all."

This comment was off-handed and innocent, but it cued Andy to look at each of their tight, minimalist outfits and he blushed a bright red. Heidi and Kira noticed his reaction and flashed each other a smirk. Non-verbally, they struck an agreement to make Andy the target of some harmless fun.

Heidi said, "Yes, what do you think of them?" The two girls stood and rotated slowly so that Andy could see both sides. His eyes carefully inspected and didn't stray from one or the other girl's bottoms as they modeled. 

Andy gulped and mumbled, distractedly, "You both look terrific."

As Heidi and Kira sat down again, Kira remarked, "Yes, I agree, but I can't help noticing that, unlike us, you aren't wearing a top. I can't think of a good reason why. I get that you're a male and we can't greet you completely nude, even though that's how we've been running around the apartment together these past few days. So, I sort of get that. But, your nipples are visible to us. Why should we cover up ours? It just seems kind of unfair."

Heidi reinforced Kira's comments, wriggling her torso in fake discomfort. "Yeah," she said, "it feels kind of tight. As you can see, I'm spilling out of it anyway." She leaned forward over Andy's lap so that he could get a closer look at how the top was clearly not designed to properly accommodate for Heidi's breasts. 

Andy observed, laughing, "But, I think that if the top is meant to show how busty you are, it is a perfect fit. You're both clearly busting out of those. I can't explain why I don't need to wear a top, but obviously there's more going on under your top than there would be under mine." Andy glanced down at his firm and toned chest. 

"Oh, I don't know about that," Kira said as she grinned and slid her fingers over Andy's pecs, fondling each of them in turn between her thumb and finger. She could feel the effect of her touch on his arousal through the heavy, rhythmic movement of his chest and the heart pounding inside it.

Now leaning back against her spot on the couch, Heidi said, "Well, there really is only one way for you to find out whether that's true." As she made her statement, she reached behind her back with one hand and unclasped her top. She tossed it to the side. 

Kira grinned and exclaimed, "Hey, no fair! That's it, I'm not wearing it either." She removed her own top and tossed it to the side. 

Andy was speechless and intently studied Heidi's chest and then Kira's and then Heidi's again and so on. His blush returned worse than before, and the two women just sat for several moments waiting for some other reaction. Finally, he struggled to state, "Ummm...I...think...there is a lot...ummm...more...under your tops. I mean...I mean...than on my top."

Heidi looked down and used her hands to lift underneath her breasts and push them together. She turned to face where Andy was seated and looked up at him. Innocently, she asked, "Do you think so? These are just, like, bouncy and squishy. Your chest is much harder." By cupping them and taking her hands away, she let them drop a couple of times.  

Kira nodded, shifting onto her knees, she put her hands on Andy's shoulders. Facing him she pressed her large, firm tits against his chest and said, "See how your chest is so much firmer than mine. Mine get squished when I do this and yours barely change at all." 

Just then, Heidi exclaimed, pointing, "Wow, what's that! Andy, it looks like your pants are pointing to the ceiling. She looked up and said, "There's nothing special up there, Andy. Just a white ceiling. Why would your pants want us to look up there?"

Kira stopped pressing into Andy and pulled back to look at what Heidi was referring to. She contributed, "Yeah, what's going on, Andy? What's under there?" 

Andy took a moment before he could form a reply. Then, he said, nervously, "Well...that's my...ummm...penis, it's called. Haven't you heard of that?"

"Oh, yes, now I remember!" said Kira, feigning ignorance. "Heidi, males have an attachment between their legs, whereas...well, you know what we have."

"Oh, my, " Heidi gasped. "I really want to see that, but I still don't understand why your using it as a pointer."

Kira added, "Heidi, I remember now. The penis might have something to do with why there seems to be something extra, let's say titillating, about breasts for men. For example, I think I read something about them enjoying putting their penis between them. It makes them feel good or something. It think it's called titties fucking or titty fucking or something like that."

Deciding that responding to Heidi's comment might be easier and since he hadn't really thought about titty fucking until this moment, Andy explained, "It's not really a pointer. That happens whenever I get aroused as preparation for sex. It's so I can insert it into, well, what you've both got between your legs."

In unison, both Heidi and Kira gasped inwardly and put their hand up to their mouths in a mock display of shock and amazement. Heidi exclaimed, "What, like in these pussies!" as she pointed to the appropriate spots on herself and Kira. "Ok, knowing that makes me want to see it even more." Putting her hands on Andy's shoulder, she pleaded, "Can we see it? I know we've only just met, but you could understand why we'd be so curious. We're all fascinated with humans or we wouldn't be here, would we?"

Kira suggested, "Heidi, it's not fair to ask our roommate to completely disrobe, especially on the first day!"

Throwing herself back against the couch, Heidi crossed her arms and pouted. She grumbled to herself, "I don't know why we would have to wait to ask. There's only one bed in this apartment and the shower is clearly designed for four people to use at once. It's fairly stupid for us to be wearing clothes at all, right now."

Andy interrupted Heidi's angry mumbling and stated, helpfully, "No, Kira, I don't mind. Of course, you must both be curious. Please, be my guest." He sat back, noticeably trembling. 

Heidi and Kira smiled at each other and watched Andy tremble for a minute or so. Then, Kira said, casually, "Ok, well, if you really don't mind." She reached over and carefully unbuttoned his shorts. As she slowly pulled his zipper down, the girls observed the upper inches of Andy's seven-inch cock poking up from further below. The big round bulb at the end had something leaking from the hole. Both Heidi and Kira shifted onto their knees on the couch to get a more direct view. Now, it was their turn to blush as they each felt a hot wave travel along a path from the top of their head down their neck into their chest and stomach and finally halting and throbbing from multiple points between their legs. Heidi could hear her heart pounding loudly in her ears and felt a bit dizzy. 

Heidi said, "Yes, that's very good. Please, Kira, I want to see the whole thing."

Nodding, Kira requested, "Andy, do you mind lifting your bum off the couch just for a moment?" As he obeyed, Kira quickly yanked his shorts down to his ankles. Heidi gasped and gently grasped Andy's right thigh with both hands. Kira made a groaning sound from deep in her chest and stared, longingly. They took a moment to absorb the image of Andy, naked, and seemingly as hairless as them everywhere below his scalp. Like them, Andy had some hair on his arms. He also some hair on his legs, but that was one of the areas Heidi and Kira were required to shave regularly.

Sandra was so used to living in Heidi's mind that, by this point, she rarely thought of herself as separate from Heidi. For long stretches, she forgot about her life as Sandra altogether and simply experienced, without really having any say in the matter, life as a cute and horny Photosynth to Human transformee. As Heidi stared at Andy's cock, however, she was brought back into her own self-awareness, cued by the memory of her own experience staring at it and flipping into Andy's mind during her introduction to the resort staff. It was as long and thick as she remembered it. As she felt Heidi's heart pound and her breathing get heavier and more erratic, she thought that it made sense to make the most of all of this being transformation technology. She felt a familiar rising heat and tingling sensations between Heidi's legs as she sat with Kira, ogling just inches away from Andy's stiff cock. 

Andy had his eyes closed while they stared, speechlessly with their eyes scanning up and down, for more than a minute. Finally, he controlled his breathing long enough to suggest, tentatively, "It's ok with me...ummm...if...you...touch it."

Heidi and Kira both gasped again, but this time it wasn't for show. After some moments of hesitation, Kira bent forward, pressing her breasts down onto her own lap. Turning her face toward this new source of fascination to her right, she reached out with her finger and slowly pushed on the front of Andy's cock, just below the rim of his knob. She pressed it up so that the length of it pressed against Andy's flat and muscular abdomen. Andy tried, but failed to suppress a groan.

Just then, Heidi said, "Wait, what's there?" Leaning forward, like Kira, she pointed below at the large testicles tightly packed between Andy's thighs. She gently pried Andy's legs wider apart and reached in to cup his balls and then fondle them with her fingers. "Oh, this feels cool, Kira," she commented.

With Andy's legs spread, Heidi got onto her knees on the floor and positioned her waist against the edge of the couch. This gave her a perspective directly in line with Andy's cock. Kira had just begun wrapping one hand to squeezingly explore the knob and her other hand to lightly rub up and down the length of it. Resting her elbows on Andy's knees and starting to regain some of her cool, Heidi said, "Wait, did you say that is supposed to go in us? Ummm...I mean, in between our legs? I mean, in between a female human's legs? That thing seems much larger than I expected. I just don't think it will fit."
