 It was a bright, sunny morning in the village of Grek. A soft ray of sunshine crept through the window of a small cottage, and gently caressed the sleeping form of a young woman, tangled up in the sheets. She twitched slightly and threw a delicate hand over her eyes as the sun carefully roused her from her slumber. She yawned and pushed back her long, silky golden hair, which fell about her waist, and sat up, holding a single brown blanket over her round, naked breasts as she rose. She smiled and stepped onto the wooden floor, feeling her nipples tighten in the morning breeze. 

A knock came upon her door as she pulled her cotton dress over her shoulders. From behind the wall she heard the sharp voice of her father.

"Bloom! Hurry up! The day is wasting away!"

"Coming father!" Bloom replied, while hurriedly snatching a woven basket from beside her bed, and running out the door. 

The cottage, old and cloaked in ivy, was located at the edge of a forest on the outskirts of town. Bloom stopped and surveyed her surroundings as the breeze picked up, bringing with it the fresh smell of pine trees and warm, homemade bread from the sleepy village. The trees were green and tall, shooting up like giants into the azure sky, and playing among the clouds. Bloom pulled a wool shawl close around her shoulders as she descended into the depths of the forest, her little bare feet treading lightly on the dirt pathway, which was littered with dead pine needles and wildflowers. Her sapphire eyes sparkled as she spied a patch of blackberries in the distance, and hurried off into the trees.

        ++++++

A flickering, magical screen in the middle of a darkened room, illuminated the figure of the tall wizard, Zendor, sitting regally in a large throne. His features were chiseled and angular, almost elfish, shrouded in a mass of long, black hair which fell in front of his narrowed green eyes, as they peered into the darkness at the screen. He snapped his powerful fingers and suddenly an image began to form upon the screen. He watched as a girl with long, flowing, golden hair walked gracefully down a forest path. She spotted a patch of berries in the distance, and as she bent over to pick the succulent fruit, her dress revealed her firm ass and the pink folds of her tight pussy. The man smiled devilishly at the sight, feeling a tightening in his groin. 

I shall add her to my collection. He thought. 

He closed his eyes and within seconds, he was standing behind her. Bloom felt a gust of wind at her back, and turned just in time to see a handsome man in a long, black coat, looking at her with emerald eyes, and a crooked half smile. She did not even have time to part her lips before everything went black. 

        +++++

A strange sensation awakened Bloom from her slumber. She found herself lying on a bed, naked save for the rope which bound her wrists together, and then to the bed post. She was is a dimly lit room, empty aside from two other beds, all lined up next to each other against one wall. On each bed was a girl, naked and bound in the same manner. As Bloom looked at their stirring bodies, she was suddenly hit with a ravenous, insatiable arousal. It felt as though her body was on fire, as she was overcome with a passionate lust so strong, she felt as though she might burst at any second. She began to writhe and pull against her constraints, aching for relief from this unquenchable thirst. Her breath became heavy and ragged as she twisted and pulled at the ropes, her sexual appetite growing more and more passionate and pressing the harder she pulled. 

Suddenly, her eyes locked onto the bed post. A thick metal shaft topped with a bulbous, sphere around two inches in diameter. Bloom swung herself around so that she was squatting over the post. She felt her juices trickling down her inner thigh as she slowly lowered her throbbing pussy onto the head. She let out a moan as she felt the warm metal bulb stretching her wet lips as she lowered herself farther and farther onto the shaft. When she couldn't take any more, she began riding the post, her pussy hot and pulsating as the bulbous shaft hit every wall of her soaking cunt with each stroke.

Her moans awakened the other girls, who rose from their sleep with a similar lust. Bloom could hear their moans as they watched with animalistic desire as she fucked the post. Their sounds only intensified her appetite, as she felt an intense pressure fill her swollen cunt as her orgasm approached. She let out a breathy cry of passion as her body was wracked with violent waves of pleasure as she orgasmed, feeling her pussy spasm and contract around the warm and slippery post. Her vision was spotty as she fell back onto the bed, her pussy still pounding with the zealous aftershock of her orgasm, and still she craved more. 

She heard the rusting of sheets to her left, and a moan of ecstasy as the girl in the bed next to her broke free from her ropes in a fit of lust. Bloom watched as the buxom brunette immediately began tantalizing her pussy with her freed hands, leaning her head back with pleasure. The girl on the other bed watched in heightened urgency with her caramel eyes, as her fiery copper curls tickled her small, perky breasts. 

"Untie me!" She begged. "Please! I'll do anything you ask!" 

The brunette's breath became ragged as she crawled over to the red head's bed, one hand constantly probing her dripping pussy. She smiled at the pretty ginger and forced her creamy thighs apart. 

"Please! Please yes!" Cried the ginger, as the brunette trailed a finger down her inner thigh. She smiled and slightly grazed the tip of the other girl's clit with the tip of her glistening tongue. The ginger moaned and strained against the ropes with all her might. Her breathing heavy and irregular. 

"Yes! Yes! More please, I beg you!" 

The brunette smiled and berried her tongue into the girl's sweet snatch, sliding a finger inside her sopping pussy as she licked, pleasuring her g-spot, only the way a woman knows how. The ginger strained and wriggled in excitement, a deep carnal urge overpowering her. 

"Please untie me!" Bloom begged from the other side of the room, her pussy still hot and throbbing. 

The brunette put up a finger to silence her, her tongue never ceasing it's pleasuring. Her large breasts bounced back and forth as she licked on her elbows and knees, her firm ass high in the air. As the ginger's breath became ragged, her lapping became more ferocious, and she inserted another finger into her steaming cunt. The red head let out a scream as she came, shuddering with pleasure. 

"Please!" Cried Bloom, her pussy aching with desire as she squirmed. 

The brunette untied the ginger first, and together they walked over to Blooms bed. The ginger straddled Bloom's thigh, so she could feel her hot juices on her flesh as she eagerly massaged Bloom's firm breasts, licking and blowing on her nipples. No sooner had Bloom been untied, then she pushed the brunette down onto the bed, and began devouring her pussy. Their moans of ecstasy were so loud, they could be heard all the way down the hall... 

         +++++

The wizard Zendor watched on his screen from afar, as his lust spell overtook the girls, and they went at each other with ravenous intensity, and an insatiable carnal appetite. His member, hot and throbbing, ached to bury itself inside their steaming cunts. It was time. 

         +++++

So enthralled by their own pleasure were they, that the girls did not notice as the wizard glided into the room, a mischievous grin on his face, and a large bulge in his pants. He came up behind the ginger, as she busily attended to the brunette's breasts, standing at the side of the bed, and gently slid a finger inside her seething, quivering cunt. She let out a moan and went limp, gyrating herself against his masculine fingers. The other girls barely looked up, so engrossed were they by the pleasure at hand. 

The ginger turned away from the girls and ripped off Zendor's clothes, while pushing him down on the bed. No sooner had his dick sprang free from his pants, than he flipped her over onto her hands and knees, and readied his thick, 8 inch cock at the entrance of her tight pussy. 

"Fuck me! Please!" She begged as he slowly pushed the head of his giant cock inside her steaming pussy. She let out a moan as he began to thrust, burring his dick deep inside her wet snatch. He pulled her hair as he fucked her, feeling every inch of her tight pussy with each thrust. She couldn't contain herself, and soon she was cumming. He could feel the walls of her cunt contract and spasm around his hot member as she came, and he let out a grunt of pleasure. 

Within seconds, Zendor felt the hands of the two other girls pulling him to the other bed, and throwing him down onto the mattress. The girls took turns sucking and choking on his thick, veiny shaft and licking his balls. He laid back and moaned as they worked, their hot throats encompassing his rock hard member. Soon Bloom could not take the pressure any longer, and lowered herself onto his shaft, letting out a moan as she rode him, her long, blond hair tickling his thighs. She leaned forward, dangling her perfect breasts over his face, as he held her gyrating hips in his large, calloused hands. The brunette panted as she moved on her hands and knees across the mattress, and straddled Zendor's face with her dripping pussy. He hungrily went at her snatch, squeezing her firm ass as he licked. 

He was soon overcome by lust and flipped Bloom over onto her back, all the while still pleasuring the brunette with his glistening tongue. Bloom moaned as he fucked her with an animalistic intensity, his shaft hitting her g-spot with every stroke of his rock hard cock. The ginger got up and licked his balls as he fucked Bloom, her pink pussy tight and virginal. She was on the cusp of cumming when he could not take it any longer, and he gave one last deep thrust, hitting every pleasurable spot inside of Bloom before they both exploded into ecstasy, letting out ragged moans as their bodies pulsated in unison. This sight was too much for the brunette to bear, and she came too as the man licked her snatch one final time. Their breathing was ragged as they lay there, their bodies writhing in carnal pleasure.

Suddenly, all was a whirl of color and shapes, and then everything went black. 

         +++++

Bloom awakened on her bed in her little wood cabin, a dull ache in her soaking pussy and a thin layer of sweat on her brow. She looked around her in disbelief, disoriented and confused.

Was that all just a dream? She wondered. 

Somewhere in the distance, the wizard watched and smiled. Little did she know it, this was just the beginning.