 Her tits slid against the blond girl's tits, nipples hardening as warm oil drizzled onto their chests. She felt a wet, hot wanting in her pussy as their nipples rubbed against each other. Bloom's tits were small, but they were perfectly round and perky. Her aureolas were small and pink, but her nipples were large and erect. The blond girl had big, natural tits that were soft and so big Bloom couldn't get her hands around them. Her tight pink pussy was dripping wet down her thigh by the time the blond began lightly rubbing her clit. 

Bloom moaned and ground her pussy against the blond's wet fingers. The blond kept stoping suddenly and making Bloom beg for her to continue, and Bloom would have to beg for the blond not to stop. Suddenly the blond pushed Bloom down and glided two fingers into Bloom's wet pussy. It felt similar to a cock, and Bloom began riding the blond's fingers, as the blond pulsed her g-spot. The blond moved her fingertips rhythmically, and within seconds Bloom was cumming, her tight pussy gushing wetly as her walls contracted and squeezed the blond's knuckles. 

++++++

It was a bright, sunny morning in a small village. A soft ray of sunshine crept through the window of a cottage, and gently caressed the sleeping form of a young woman, tangled up in the sheets. She moaned in her sleep and twitched slightly, a wet spot forming on her sheets. She threw a delicate hand over her eyes as the sun carefully roused her from her slumber. 

She yawned and pushed back her long, silky golden hair, which fell about her waist and sat up. She held a single brown blanket over her round, naked breasts as she rose. She smiled and stepped onto the wooden floor, feeling her nipples tighten in the morning breeze. A knock came upon her door as she pulled her cotton dress over her shoulders. From behind the wall she heard the sharp voice of her father.

"Bloom! Hurry up! The day is wasting away!"

"Coming father!" Bloom replied, while hurriedly snatching a woven basket from beside her bed, and running out the door. 

Bloom's father, a tall, attractive man around forty with greying hair grabbed her arm to keep her from leaving. He turned her to look at the wet spot on the bed, and his dick grew hard with blood. 

"Looks like you've been doing a lot of cumming lately." He said. 

Bloom smiled, turning to see her father who as, this being the middle ages, she had been intimate with before. She grabbed his hand, and led him back to her bed. She pulled her white, cotton dress over her head as she kneeled down to the wooden cottage floor. 

Her perfect breasts sprang free, her nipples erect and tender. Her pussy was still wet from her fantasy dream, as she pulled her father's pants down and took his large cock in her mouth. Her father moaned and removed his white, peasant top as she swirled her tongue around the budging head until he was fully hard, veins throbbing, aching for a hot cunt to slide into. 

She bent over the mattress, her glistening pussy on display, breasts hanging down and long blond hair brushing her perfect round ass. Bloom's father grunted as he slid his rock hard cock into her tight pussy. She was overwhelmingly horny and begging for it by the time he pumped her to full orgasm, her tight pussy muscles hugging her father's cock as he pulled out and pumped cum all over her back and ass. 

++++++

Bloom was covered in her father's cum, so she took off in search of the stream completely naked. The cottage, old and cloaked in ivy, was located at the edge of a forest on the outskirts of town. Bloom stopped and surveyed her surroundings from the top of a hill as the breeze picked up, bringing with it the fresh smell of pine trees and warm, homemade bread from the sleepy village. The trees were green and tall, shooting up like giants into the azure sky and playing among the clouds. Bloom pulled a wool shawl close around her shoulders as she descended into the depths of the forest, her little bare feet treading lightly on the dirt pathway, which was littered with dead pine needles and wildflowers. The shawl was all she had around her, and she liked the feeling of the breeze playing with her freshly fucked pussy. Her sapphire eyes sparkled as she spied a patch of blackberries in the distance, and hurried off into the trees.

++++++

A flickering, magical screen in the middle of a darkened room, illuminated the figure of the tall wizard, Zendor, sitting regally in a large throne. His features were chiseled and angular, almost elfish, shrouded in a mass of long, black hair which fell in front of his narrowed green eyes, as they peered into the darkness at the screen. He snapped his powerful fingers and suddenly an image began to form upon the screen. He watched as a girl with long, flowing, golden hair walked gracefully down a forest path. She spotted a patch of berries in the distance, and as she bent over to pick the succulent fruit, makeshift shawl dress revealed her firm ass and the pink folds of her tight pussy. The man smiled devilishly at the sight, feeling a tightening in his groin. Her shawl caught on one of the bushes and Zendor gasped as Bloom's perfect figure was revealed. She was a vision, and Zen had no choice but to grasp his growing cock. 

He gripped the base with his hand and sighed as it filled up with blood, hardening at the sight of Bloom's perfect, erect nipples. She walked naked to the stream where she washed cum off of her back, running a hand over her nipples, gripping her breasts in her hands and lingering between her legs. It wasn't long before Zen exploded all over his tight, black leather pants. 

I shall add her to my collection. He thought. 

He closed his eyes and within seconds, he was standing behind her. Bloom felt a gust of wind at her back, and turned just in time to see a handsome man in a long, black coat, looking at her with emerald eyes, and a crooked half smile. She did not even have time to part her lips before his fingers were inside her wet cunt, stroking her g-spot like the blond girl in Bloom's dream. Bloom struggled against Zen's manly grasp until she could not hold back any longer and she came hard against his large fingertips. When the pulsing subsided everything went black for Bloom. 

+++++

A strange sensation awakened Bloom from her slumber. She found herself lying on a bed, naked save for the rope which bound her wrists together, and then to either side of the headboard. A rope was wrapped around each one of her ankles, pulling her thighs apart, and tying her to the bed post.

She was suddenly hit with a ravenous, insatiable arousal. It felt as though her body was on fire, as she was overcome with a passionate lust so strong, she felt as though she might burst at any second. Her vagina was free, glistening and exposed because of her restraints. Just begging to be fucked. She began to writhe and pull against her constraints, aching for relief from this unquenchable carnal thirst. 

Her breath became heavy and ragged as she twisted and pulled at the ropes, her sexual appetite growing more passionate and pressing the harder she pulled. The walls of the room she was in were made of mirrors, and she could see every angle of her naked, toned, bound body in the mirror walls.

A door opened and Wizard Zen walked into the room, black leather pants and white peasant top making him look manly and defined. He slowly walked towards her, dark green eyes locked on hers as he removed his shirt and pants, revealing a boner which was growing to be ten inches. Bloom's eyes widened and her mouth began to salivate at the sight of his huge, pink head and veiny shaft. His cock was huge, and it made her pussy ache to think of it's hard, spongy length inside of her wet cunt. She began to moan, thrashing against the ropes, pussy dripping.

"Please, please!" She screamed. "Fuck me. I want you inside of me. I want you to cum inside of me, to shove your dick as far into my tight pussy as you can go." 

Zen smiled, grabbing his fully erect cock with one hand and walking closer to the bed. 

"Yes, Yes!" Bloom begged. "Closer! Please, I need it inside of me. I'm going to cum the second your huge, monster cock touches me." 

Zen held his cock steady as he muttered a few words under his breath, and suddenly Bloom could no longer move. Her eyes locked on Zen's cock, lips slightly parted and golden hair scattered about the pillowcase. 

Very lightly and slowly, Zen rubbed the tip of his cock against Bloom's little pink clit. You could tell in Bloom's eyes that it felt amazing and she wanted to squirm against Zen's dick for more pressure, but she couldn't do anything. Zen liked it that way. He slowly built up the pressure moving the tip of his dick in circles against her clit. The only way he could tell she was enjoying it aside from her eye contact was the dripping of her pussy right before she came and Zen slid the tip of his huge head into her tight hole. 

He groaned as he stretched her, feeling like he might cum the entire time he was sliding his lengthy girth into her well lubricated hole. When he was fully inside of her, all ten inches, there were slight tears in her eyes, but she had cum three times around his massive cock. Zen was barely holding back cum of his own when he released her stillness spell and she began to ride his large cock to the best of her ability while still wearing constraints. 

He fucked her rhythmically and so well that she came five more times until he moaned and came deep inside of her orgasming cunt. He could not move or talk for several minutes until both of them stopped breathing heavily. 

"Holy shit what did you do to me?" Bloom asked. "I'm so fucking horny it's insane!" 

Zen snapped his fingers and her eyes closed, as he rubbed his shrinking dick around inside of her hot, wet cunt while he pulled out. Cum dripped down her pussy lips onto the white bed sheets, and Zen had to fight the urge to revive her. He went back to his room, and jacked off twice before bed. 

+++++ The next morning Bloom was somehow hornier than before, and although it had felt as though the Wizard had taken her virginity again yesterday, her pussy felt perfect and tight again. She was so fucking horny she barely noticed that two other beds had been added to the mirrored fuck room and that her limbs had been untied from the bed. Bloom's eyes locked onto the bed post. A thick metal shaft topped with a bulbous, sphere around two inches in diameter. 

Bloom swung herself around so that she was squatting over the post. One foot rested on a night stand. She felt her juices trickling down her inner thigh as she slowly lowered her throbbing pussy onto the head. She let out a moan as she felt the warm metal bulb stretching her wet lips as she lowered herself farther and farther onto the shaft. When she couldn't take any more, she began riding the post, her pussy hot and pulsating as the bulbous shaft hit every wall of her soaking cunt with each stroke.

Her moans awakened the other girls, who rose from their sleep with a similar lust. Bloom could hear their moans as they watched with animalistic desire as she fucked the post. She looked over at the other beds, and saw that tied up in the bed next to hers was the blond girl of her dreams. 

The blond girl was naked, and fucking horny. Bloom wanted to lick the girl's cunt right then but she needed to cum before she went insane with desire. Their sounds only intensified Bloom's sexual appetite, as she felt an intense pressure fill her swollen cunt as her orgasm approached. She let out a breathy cry of passion as her body was wracked with violent waves of pleasure as she orgasmed, feeling her pussy spasm and contract around the warm and slippery post. Her vision was spotty as she fell back onto the bed, her pussy still pounding with the zealous aftershock of her orgasm, and still she craved more. 

She heard the rusting of sheets to her left, and a moan of ecstasy as the brunette in the bed next to the other blond broke free from her ropes in a fit of lust. Bloom watched as the buxom brunette immediately began tantalizing her pussy with her freed hands, leaning her head back with pleasure. The blond girl on the other bed watched in heightened urgency with her caramel eyes, and big, dick hardening breasts. 

"Untie me!" She begged. "Please! I'll do anything you ask!" The brunette's breath became ragged as she crawled over to the blond's bed, one hand constantly probing her dripping pussy. She smiled at the pretty blond and forced her creamy thighs apart. 

"Please! Please yes!" Cried the blond, as the brunette trailed a finger down her inner thigh. She smiled and slightly grazed the tip of the other girl's clit with the tip of her glistening tongue. The blond moaned and strained against the ropes with all her might. Her breathing heavy and irregular. 

"Yes! Yes! More please, I beg you!" 

The brunette smiled and berried her tongue into the girl's sweet snatch, sliding a finger inside her sopping pussy as she licked, pleasuring her g-spot, only the way a woman knows how. The blond strained and wriggled in excitement, a deep carnal urge overpowering her. 

"Stop! She's mine!" Bloom cried. 

The brunette put up a finger to silence Bloom, her tongue never ceasing it's pleasuring. Her large breasts with dark nipples bounced back and forth as she licked on her elbows and knees, her firm ass high in the air. As the blond's breath became ragged, the brunette's lapping became more ferocious, and she inserted another finger into the blond's steaming cunt. 

Bloom could not take it any more and jumped onto the bed with the other two girls, golden hair swirling about her plump ass. She buried her tongue in the Brunette's cunt doggy style, lapping up her clit. She pushed the brunette off the blond and straddled the brunette's thigh, so she could feel her hot juices on her flesh as Bloom eagerly massaged the brunette's firm breasts, licking and blowing on her nipples. She hovered over the brunette girl, looking her in the eye before rubbing her dripping cunt against the brunette's sopping pussy. She kissed the brunette passionately while rubbing her tender nipples. She worked her way down the brunette's tight body to her pussy, where she licked and sucked her clit and pleasured her until she squirted all over Bloom's perfect, pink nipples and round breasts. 

"Please!" Cried the blond, her pussy aching with desire as she squirmed. "I'm still tied up!" 

Bloom smiled and buried her tongue in the blond's snatch, eating her pussy ferociously, like a meal. Bloom rubbed the blond's cunt while the brunette fingered Bloom's wet pussy. The blond let out a scream as she came, shuddering with pleasure. Their moans of ecstasy were so loud, they could be heard all the way down the hall... 

+++++

The wizard Zendor watched on his screen from afar, as his lust spell overtook the girls, and they went at each other with ravenous intensity, and an insatiable carnal appetite. His member, hot and throbbing, ached to bury itself inside their steaming cunts. It was time.

+++++ So enthralled by their own pleasure were they, that the girls did not notice as the wizard glided into the room, a mischievous grin on his face, and a large bulge in his pants. He came up behind Bloom, as she busily attended to the brunette's breasts, standing at the side of the bed, and gently slid a finger inside her seething, quivering cunt. She let out a moan and went limp, gyrating herself against his masculine fingers, as he added more, one by one. The other girls barely looked up, so engrossed were they by the pleasure at hand. 

Bloom turned away from the girls and ripped off Zen's clothes, while pushing him down on the bed. No sooner had his dick sprang free from his pants, than he flipped her over onto her hands and knees, and readied his thick, ten inch cock at the entrance of her tight pussy. 

"Fuck me! Please!" She begged as he slowly pushed the head of his giant cock inside her steaming pussy. 

She let out a moan as he began to thrust, burring his dick deep inside her wet snatch. He pulled her long, golden hair as he fucked her, feeling every inch of her tight pussy with each thrust. She couldn't contain herself, and soon she was cumming. He could feel the walls of her cunt contract and spasm around his hot member as she came, and he let out a grunt of pleasure. 

Within seconds, Zen felt the hands of the two other girls pulling him to the other bed, and throwing him down onto the mattress. The girls took turns sucking and choking on his thick, veiny shaft and licking his balls. He laid back and moaned as they worked, their hot throats encompassing his rock hard member. Bloom rubbed her hard nipples against his chest and moaned as he licked them. She straddled his face with her pussy, and he devoured her cunt.

Soon the blond could not take the pressure any longer, and lowered herself onto his shaft, letting out a moan as she rode him, hair tickling his thighs. She leaned forward, and Bloom who was riding Zen's face leaned over to kiss the blond, grabbing her huge breasts and becoming more turned on than ever before. Zen held the blond's gyrating hips in his large, calloused hands. The brunette panted as she moved on her hands and knees across the mattress. 

She frowned. "There's not enough dick to go around." 

Zen had an idea. He smiled and looked at Bloom and the blond going at each other, and snapped his fingers. Suddenly Bloom let out a gasp and bit down on the blond's thick, pink bottom lip. She looked down at her clit and started moaning as it began to grow. Blood flooded her clit as it enlarged, and Bloom could not stop cumming as it got bigger. Soon her clitoris had become an eight inch long, fully erect, penis with a massive head and the sensitivity of a clitoris. 

The blond's eyes widened and she pushed Bloom down onto the bed next to Zen, sliding off Zen's cock and sliding onto Bloom's cock. Bloom moaned in pure ecstasy as she experienced wet pussy for the first time around her new cock, and the two could not stop fucking. The Brunette needed release and straddled Zendor's face with her dripping pussy. He hungrily went at her snatch, squeezing her firm ass as he licked. He was soon overcome by lust and flipped the brunette over onto her back. 

The brunette moaned as he fucked her with an animalistic intensity, his shaft hitting her g-spot with every stroke of his rock hard cock, her pink pussy tight and virginal. She was on the cusp of cumming when he could not take it any longer, and he gave one last deep thrust, hitting every pleasurable spot inside of the Brunette before they both exploded into ecstasy, letting out ragged moans as their bodies pulsated in unison. 

This sight was too much for Bloom and the blond to bear, and they came too as Bloom exploded with cum all over the blond's tits. Their breathing was ragged as they lay there, their bodies writhing in carnal pleasure. Suddenly, all was a whirl of color and shapes, and then everything went black.

+++++

Bloom awakened on her bed in her little wood cabin, a dull ache in her soaking pussy and a thin layer of sweat on her brow. Her clitoris still felt swollen and horny. She looked around her in disbelief, disoriented and confused. Was that all just a dream? She wondered. Somewhere in the distance, the wizard watched and smiled. Little did she know it, this was just the beginning.