 Holly scowled down at the ring on her finger as she worked the register. Her anger at it was pretty much the only thing keeping her awake this morning. She was running on four hours of sleep, something almost unheard of for her, and she hadn't been able to get coffee yet this morning. Between attempts to get the ring off, she hadn't had time. 

Having to take another shower hadn't helped, but it had been necessary after the morning's kitchen sink amputation attempt. She was trying not to think about that, but she knew that the sight of her own blood-covered bones growing back together would haunt her dreams tonight just as the gangbang had the night before. The one good thing, if there was one, was that the ring had dulled the pain greatly. Sawing her finger off had been only very painful rather than excruciating.

"Yo, ugly! Want some coffee?"

Holly turned, plastering a smile on her face. "Mar, I would kill for coffee."

Tricia, Holly's best friend since high school, leaned against the counter next to her and handed over a hot paper cup. "That is good to know. I'll make a note to give you a list of names later. To think I've been paying full price for professional hit-men when you could be bought so cheaply all along. Tragedy."

Holly was too busy slurping at the coffee to banter back, and Tricia raised an eyebrow. "Damn, girl! Slow down or you're gonna burn your tongue off!" A piece of her hair, half natural brown and half blue, slipped down in front of her eye, and she brushed it back absentmindedly.

Holly put the coffee down, half empty, and wiped some overflow from her chin with her sleeve. "Nah, I can deal with scalding. You're just a wuss."

"Ooh, aren't you a badass?" Tricia bumped her playfully with her hip, and Holly bumped back. 

"You're gonna see how much of a badass I am if your ass doesn't stop invading my personal space."

"It's not an invasion, it's a peacekeeping mission. Your tits looked about to get rowdy over there." Tricia grinned. "Speaking of which, they seem more liberated than usual today. No bra?"

Holly crossed her arms uncomfortably. "Is it that obvious?"

"Nah, I just have seven years of experience looking down your shirt."

Holly smirked, looking meaningfully at Tricia's expansive bosom. "Don't know why you'd look at mine when you've got those monsters bouncing around."

Tricia nodded, grinning. "Fair point, babe." Tricia was one of the only women Holly had ever met with a more impressive set of tits than her own, and the only one who managed the feat without being overweight. Her employee nametag sat atop a mountain of soft caramel flesh barely held in check by an F-cup bra. The black button-down shirt required by the store's dress code was unbuttoned far enough down her rack to expose a breathtaking amount of jiggling cleavage, and the buttons that were fastened across her chest strained visibly to stay that way. The drastic shift in girth between her rack and her waist made it hard for Tricia to find shirts that fit properly, but this one hugged her flat stomach almost as tightly as it did her massive breasts.

Tricia turned away to help a customer, and when she turned back to Holly her expression had changed to one of concern. "So what's up with you? Barely seen you at all this week, and it doesn't look like you slept at all last night. You okay?"

Holly looked away, fiddling idly with the ring. "Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine."

"The hell you are. Tell you what, I'm going to dinner with a friend from high school tonight. You wanna come?"

"Is this one of those things where you try to set me up with one of your fuck-buddies again?"

"No, of course not."

"Bullshit."

"Yeah, okay. But if you don't like him, I promise not to pressure you. Main goal is to get you out of the house."

Holly sighed. "Okay, maybe. What time tonight?"

"Like seven-ish. That work?"

Seven was before dark. Seven was doable. "Sure. I might have to leave early, though."

She regretted it instantly, but once you had made plans with Tricia, it was hard to back out of them. Eleven hours later, Holly was sitting in a booth across from Tricia, waiting for the others to arrive. She was scowling.

"You invited Frank Williams? Seriously?"

"Nothing wrong with Frank. Frank's cool."

"Isn't he a drug dealer or something?"

A shadow fell over the table, and six foot four of tattooed muscle slid into the booth beside her. "Why? You looking to buy?" Frank's bearded face grinned down at her appraisingly, and she returned his gaze coldly.

"You sure you want to be saying stuff like that in a crowded restaurant?"

"Nobody's listening, and you're not gonna narc on me."

"How do you know that?"

Frank gave her a once-over that sent chills down her spine. "Because your mouth'll be full."

Tricia looked up from her menu as Holly's face reddened. "Frank, don't be a dick."

Frank pointed out that they were at a restaurant, after all, and assured them he had only meant that her mouth would be full with food, but Holly still took measures to sit as far away from him as possible. She'd have to even more careful now, to make sure this creep was nowhere near her when the sun set.

The restaurant was busy tonight, and service was slow. Time dragged, and when the check finally came, the reddish rays of sunlight were beaming through the window. She was cutting it close. Tricia gave the waiter the money before heading off to the bathroom. Frank watched her ass out of sight, then gave Holly a wink and headed in the same direction. She could guess why.

By the time the waiter returned with Tricia's change several minutes later, the sun was down. She needed to get out of there. She debated just leaving the change on the table, but it was enough that Tricia would probably want it back. She'd just slide it under the door of whatever stall they were fucking in, then leave.

Holly made her way to the restrooms. There was a "closed for maintenance" sign on the door of the men's, so obviously they were in there. She slipped in, and immediately the sound of moaning hit her ears. To her surprise, they had forgone a stall, and Holly was treated to the sight of Frank's well-muscled ass thrusting vigorously. He had Tricia's naked form bent over the counter with the sinks, and her tits jiggled as his stomach slapped against her rounded caramel ass. 

Holly coughed to get their attention. "Um, Tricia? I have to head out now. I, uh, brought you your change?"

"Oh, aaaaaa, uh, thanks, babe... oh, yes oh god yes. Put it, ah, put it in my purse."

Holly spotted the purse lying on the floor next to Tricia's discarded thong. She sidled up, bent down to slip the cash into it, and found herself face to face with Frank's cock. It was enormous and throbbing, and the smell of Tricia's pussy wafted from it. Holly was transfixed.

"You want some of that? Tell the truth."

"I... I don't know." She answered truthfully.

Frank grinned down at her. "My truck's the blue one by the front door. It's unlocked. Wait for me there and I'll give you a turn." Then he turned and rammed his full length back into Tricia's dripping pussy, eliciting a squeal from its owner. Holly wandered out in a daze, all hope of this evening ending well evaporated. As she had feared, the sun was long past the horizon. She found the truck and lifted herself into the passenger seat to wait dutifully for Frank.

After about ten minutes he climbed in, grinning. As he closed the door, he popped the button on his jeans, and his cock popped out to bob freely as the truck growled to life. It was already mostly hard again, and even bigger than she had thought from the glimpse she'd gotten of it earlier, easily as thick as Carl's had been and almost twice as long. Veins bulged along its gently pulsing length, and although Holly knew there were no muscles in the penis, this one looked ready to argue that point. It was still covered in Tricia's pussy juices, and as Holly watched, Frank pulled something black and silky out of his pocket to wipe them off. it was Tricia's thong.

The stroking he was giving it to clean it off was making it even stiffer, and Holly eyed it with trepidation. Just the thought of that thing pounding into her shaved snatch made her wince, but she also found herself becoming more aroused. As her pussy gushed, Holly realized that being gangbanged had awakened things in her quite unrelated to the curse.

Frank saw her staring and reached over to tug at the hem of her dress. "You like what you see, you gotta show me yours. Fair's fair."

Shifting in her seat to pull her skirt up to her waist, Holly realized with a start that she did like what she saw. Creepy though Frank might be, he had a gorgeous cock, and she needed it. It dimly occurred to her that "You like what you see" must have been considered a command, but what did that matter at this point?

Almost without realizing she was doing it, she reached over and wrapped her hand around the monster. There was a good inch and a half of skin between her thumb and forefingers, and it throbbed warmly against her skin. She began running her hand slowly up and down it, and realized with mild horror that she hadn't been told to do it. this was all her.

Leering down at her crotch from the corner of his eye, Frank pretended to be shocked. "Going commando, huh? And shaved, too? Hot damn, you knew you were gonna get fucked tonight, didn't you?"

Holly looked down at her lap, and it looked back up at her with incriminating wetness. "No, I never wear underwear." Frank's admonishment to tell him the truth was still in effect.

The tattooed man whistled lowly. "Goddamn. I could tell you weren't wearing a bra, but you just keep on bringing the surprises. You ever give road head?"

"No."

"I'll have to introduce you to that. Later, though, 'cause we're about where we're going."

Holly looked out the window, confused. They were entering a large wooded park that she'd never seen before. "Where are we? I thought you were taking me to your place." She started to pull her hand off of Frank's cock, but he gently grabbed her wrist.

"Yeah, but I gotta make a business stop first." He pulled into a small parking lot next to some benches and picnic tables. Parking, he pulled a lever on his seat and moved it back. "Doesn't look like the guy's here yet, so how about you get over here and show me if that shaved pussy's as tight as it looks."

On that monster it'd be like a vise, Holly thought as she climbed over to straddle him. She moaned and shuddered as her clit rubbed against the rough hair at the rock-hard base of his cock, and she rolled her eyes inwardly. He hadn't even put it in yet and she was already cumming. Frank hooked his fingers under the hem of her dress and pulled it up. She slipped it over her arms, and it disappeared into the tangled mess of junk on the backseat floorboard. Frank leaned over and took one of her nipples in his mouth, sucking gently. His mustache tickled her, and she ground against his cock.

Taking this for the hint it obviously was, Frank clapped his hands to her thighs and lifted her. His dick rose back to full attention as her weight was raised off of it, and it slid along her pussy lips until the flared purple head nestled just barely inside of her. Holly closed her eyes for a moment in a mixture of pleasure and trepidation, then opened them again and screamed as, without warning, he dropped her.

For a moment Holly sat rigid, gasping as her pussy spasmed around the largest thing it had ever felt. She looked down past her heaving tits and stared with amazement at the four or five inches of flesh still visible between her thighs. How the hell was she going to take all of that? Her whole body felt hot, and she flushed as she desperately took hold of Frank's shirt and looked breathlessly into his face.

"You ever take a cock this big?"

"Oh, god... no, I—OH, FUCK! I haven't." Holly gingerly started gyrating her hips, and the cock pressed onward into her. It was thicker near the base, and her pussy was stretched to its limits as the monster slid past the tight, soaking lips of her snatch. And then, just as she thought she might be reaching her limits, Frank winked at her, put his hands on her waist, and rammed into her full force.

Holly screamed and collapsed against his chest, as she was struck by the strongest orgasm she'd ever felt. She writhed against Frank's well-muscled chest, hoarsely screaming obscenities and moaning as his strong arms lifted her up and down the full length of his shaft. When she came to her senses, she found that she had taken over again and was energetically writhing on Frank's throbbing pole. Frank's flesh was now slapping against hers on every downstroke, and the bulb of his head was thrusting so deeply into her that she was surprised it wasn't coming out of her mouth.

Holly had just started to get into a good rhythm when she heard the door open. Frank got a tighter grip on her ass, then grunted as he swiveled in his seat. Holly felt herself swinging out into the cool night air, still impaled on Frank's rod. Holly clutched him more tightly, afraid of being dropped, as Frank got to his feet and nudged the door closed behind them. He walked slowly around to the rear of the truck, every step sending waves of pleasure shooting through Holly's body. One hand left her ass, and there was the sound of the truck bed opening.

Holly was plopped down on her back with her legs spread wide around Frank, and now the fucking began in earnest. He was now able to pull the full length of his huge cock back out of her dripping pussy before each thrust, and he pounded into her with long, powerful thrusts. She came almost immediately, writhing and wailing as she reached up to cup her violently bouncing breasts. 

"We, we can't, ohgod, out, side, AH, someone, ah, will see UUUuuuussss." She was barely intelligible, but Frank understood her. Reaching down, he gave her a resounding slap on the ass. Holly squeaked.

"You'll fuck wherever I want to fuck, bitch. Understand?"

Holly nodded and squealed as another orgasm overtook her. Frank pawed at her tits, groping them roughly as they jiggled from the motion of his thrusts. Holly's own hands were slapped away, and she turned her attention to strumming her clit.

There was the sound of tires crunching nearby, and Holly turned her head to look. At least it wasn't a cop, but she could see a man climbing out of the car. "Holy shit!" She heard him whisper.

Frank didn't look over to see the newcomer, but sped up the tempo of his thrusts into Holly's sopping cunt. 

"Be with you in just a second." The last word was grunted through gritted teeth, and with one final, brutal thrust, Holly could feel jets of cum exploding inside her womb. She arched her back as Frank slid his softening cock out of her gaping hole. She felt empty, and immediately hated herself for feeling that way.

Frank had turned away, stuffing his deflated monster back into his jeans, and was having a heated discussion with the newcomer. Must be one of his drug deals, Holly thought disinterestedly. 

She was so exhausted that she couldn't even bring herself to close her legs, and her overflowing pussy was exposed to the night air. She was starting to drift off when she heard the guy start yelling.

"Bullshit! That's fifty bucks more than last time!"

"One of my suppliers got busted last week. It happens."

"You ain't the only dealer in town, asshole! I can go downtown."

"The hell you can. You'll get your skinny ass knifed."

"Well, I ain't paying that much unless you sweeten the deal. That's one hot bitch you got there. Seems a shame that you're the only one gets to fuck her tonight." Holly clamped her legs together and sat up, starting to get worried.

She expected Frank to hit the guy, but he just gave a snort of laughter. "You okay with sloppy seconds?"

The guy shrugged and grinned over at Holly where she sat in a puddle of cum. "I got condoms. I'll fuck her ass."

Frank nodded. "Deal." He jerked his head at Holly. "Hop up and turn around, bitch."

Holly leaned over the tailgate, staring woodenly off into the sky as Frank's customer rolled a rubber over his dick. "Shit. Got any lube?"

Frank smirked. "Plenty in her pussy, bro."

"That's gross, man!"

But Holly quickly felt a thumb spreading the cum from her pussy around the rim of her ass, eliciting a shudder, and it was quickly followed by the head of the guy's cock. It was smallish, but it was bigger than Bill's and only the second she had ever taken in the ass. She gasped as it pressed past her opening, but forced herself to stay relaxed so as not to drag this out any longer than she had to.

The guy pounded into her rapidly, and came after an embarrassingly short time. He shuddered as his cock pumped cum into the tip of the condom, then withdrew with a sigh. He slapped Holly's ass appreciatively. "Hottest girl I've ever fucked. Thanks, man."

Frank wandered back over from where he'd been watching. "Whatever. You got the cash?"

"Yeah, just a second." There was a rustle as goods were exchanged, then the guy headed back to his car.

Holly remained leaning over the tailgate until she felt another slap at her ass. "Stop standing there like a dumbass and suck my cock. Got places to be tonight and I don't need my dick all covered in cum."

Holly dropped to her knees on the asphalt, cum plopping to the ground beneath her. Frank's cock slapped against the side of her face, leaving a smudge of spunk and pussy juices. He was already hardening as she took the head between her lips. She forced her mouth around the massive shaft, but gagged. It was too big. She forced a few inches into her mouth and slurped them clean, but anything beyond the halfway mark was out of the question. There was no way this thing would fit down her throat. She settled for giving the base of his cock a tongue bath.

Holly had a long, dexterous tongue that she had always felt was a bit wasted on a straight woman, and Frank seemed to be quite satisfied with it. He moaned deeply as she finished cleaning his dick of its salty residue and she moved back to the bulbous head. After a bit of teasing with her tongue, she gave another shot at fitting it all into her mouth.

Frank's phone rang in his pocket, and he raised it to his ear, placing his other hand on the back of the girl's head to indicate that she keep going.

"Hey. No, I'm just finishing something up. I'll be there soon as I get done. Shit, seriously? Okay, I'll be there in five minutes."

As he hung up, he started ramming his cock into Holly's mouth despite her muffled protests. "Alright, slut. You got two minutes to get me off or I'm leaving without you."

Holly redoubled her efforts on his cock, but it was no use. She was limited to awkwardly mouthing and licking the tip, unable to fit it down her throat, and she wasn't confident that it would be enough. But surely he wouldn't really leave her here, would he?

She lifted herself up a bit and wrapped her tits around his shaft. He moaned and started thrusting into them, and the silky flesh jiggled enticingly around him. After only a minute or so of this, he started quickening his thrusts, and with a bellow he came. Ropes of sperm sprayed up and splashed across Holly's forehead and cheeks, and he kept thrusting against her chest as still more blasted out.

When he pulled away from her, Holly's face was painted white, and rivers of thick white fluid ran freely down her torso and belly. She had never seen a man cum so much. It didn't seem possible.

Frank stood back, stuffing his spent cock back into his pants. "Aw, fuck! I don't want you getting in my truck all skanky like that. You'll fuck up the seats." He looked at his watch. "Shit! You made me late, bitch!" 

And with that he ran back to his truck, slamming the tailgate shut as he passed. Holly shot unsteadily to her feet behind him, jizz pattering to the ground beneath her.
