 Author's Note 8/6/2014: Just finished editing this chapter and since I'm in the middle of the rough draft of chapter 18 I figured it would be safe to post it. This one is considerably longer than most of the previous chapters. I'm sure there are many who will be pleased with that. I make no promises regarding the length of any future chapters, though.

The reason I am posting only after I have five or more chapters written is simply to avoid plot holes. I have come to points several times during the writing of this story where I realized I needed to make a major change in an earlier chapter in order to make the story flow better. Many times I have needed to change names or words to improve the tale. Little things can make all the difference.

As always, many thanks to those leaving comments or sending messages. I'll try to have the next chapter up before the weekend.

Slight edit on a couple of typos. Thanks to the anonymous folks who pointed them out.

Chapter 12

Two days after ambushing the pack of blade-beasts the castaways stumbled to a stop on the crest of a low, stony hillock. It was a good place to make camp until they decided on a permanent location. To the south a broad, shallow creek ran musically over small rocks and around large boulders, tumbled there ages ago. East of the hill, more hills rose until they merged with the low mountains, beyond which lay the sea. North and west the forest stretched beyond sight. They could still see the huge wound where the jZav'Etch scout ship had torn its path through the trees. Mist lay over the forest, and in the distance low clouds sailed like a fleet of ancient warships marshalling to attack. The castaways would be struck by a storm before morning.

"Tired, Liam," Clot'ilda said. Her tone underscored her words.

"We're all tired, Babydoll," he said and patted her back. "Drop your pack. We'll get the tents set up and then I'll take first watch. You all need some sleep."

"I should take first watch, Sergeant," M'pel E'kmel said. "You took two watches last night. We cannot expect you to do more than we do."

"Commander, technically you're all still my prisoners," he told her with a wink. "I'm supposed to look after your needs."

"Within reason," she countered. "Very well, Sergeant. Take the first watch. However, since I clearly out rank you, your watch will be a short one. I'll relieve you in four hours."

It took very little time to pitch the tents and get them staked down securely. Liam walked the perimeter, taking note of any feature that might provide concealment for an approaching enemy. They hadn't seen any more blade-beasts or hyena-frogs, but that didn't mean other, equally dangerous animals weren't lurking out in the wilderness.

Tem'Ma'tel got a fire going and boiled some water for tea. Clot'ilda put some of the smoked meat on a stick close to the flames, warming it before they ate. Liam was so hungry even the hyena-frog tasted good, though it was getting a bit more gamey. It wasn't long after that he was left alone on the hilltop with only his cup of hot tea for company. Sounds of sleeping jZav'Etch emanated from the tents and he smiled. This was what life was about. His purpose had been clear these past few days and he embraced it. These were his people now. This was his world for the moment. And in this life, the moment you have is all that you can expect.

The sun dipped behind the clouds and the world was shrouded in gloom. In the distance forks of lightning split the sky. Thunder rolled over the forest a moment later and Liam smiled. It hadn't rained since he'd landed and it had been ages since he'd seen a genuine storm.

On the hillside below him a shape moved. Liam switched to lowlight on his scope, picking out the features of a large animal. It was low-slung with a shock of quills covering its back and neck. The creature resembled an aardvark in the broadest terms. A long, narrow head with a questing nose moved from side to side as it trundled along, oblivious to the Human. When the next roll of thunder came the beast paused to look out over the forest, then moved on, unhurried.

"Tough guy, eh?" Liam snorted.

Movement in the rolling fields far to the south caught his eye and he zoomed in on it. A herd of lithe-limbed animals sprinted smoothly over the broken terrain, making for a dense thicket. They reminded him of African antelope or the roe deer of Europe, fleet of foot and easily spooked. He watched them until they were hidden among the low trees.

The wind suddenly picked up and just as suddenly died back to a stiff breeze. He turned to face into it. The clouds were advancing rapidly now and another wind came, stronger than the first. Liam went and double checked the anchors of the tents. They were as secure as they were going to get. There were no overhanging branches or tall trees that could fall on them, so Liam relaxed as much as he could. It looked as though they would be in for a wild night.

+>0<+

Thunder and a driving wind against the walls of the tent woke Commander M'pel E'kmel. Tem'Ma'tel lay on her back on the other side of the tent, her eyes open, wincing with every clap of thunder or flash of lightning.

"A storm," M'pel E'kmel said quietly.

"Yes, Commander," Tem'Ma'tel said woodenly. It was obvious the marine didn't care for the foul weather.

"I must relieve the Sergeant."

"Yes, Commander," Tem'Ma'tel said again.

"Will you be alright?"

"I have been through worse, Commander."

"If you need anything, I will be outside," M'pel E'kmel said, opening the collar of her fatigue jacket and pulling out the hood that had been rolled up and stuffed inside. Fighting the wind and spraying rain, she pushed out of the tent, pulling the hood tight over her head. Just as she cleared the flap she looked up and was suddenly blinded and struck deaf by a bolt of lightning. Feeling the blast of heat, she fell back blinking vivid blue and white blotches from her eyes with her ears ringing. It took her a moment to realize what had just happened. In the afterimage she saw Sergeant Carter standing at the edge of the hill as the enormous electric blast slammed down upon him from the clouds. She came back to her senses with Tem'Ma'tel shaking her shoulders.

"Commander!" Tem'Ma'tel shouted into her ear. "Commander, are you alright?"

"Yes!" she shouted back, pushing the younger female off of her. "The sergeant! Liam was hit by the lightning! Help me!"

They both emerged from the tent at the same moment Clot'ilda burst from hers. The three of them stared in stunned disbelief. Sergeant Liam Carter, veteran of forty-three battles and slayer of beasts stood looking up into the falling rain, apparently unharmed. They rushed to him, demanding to know if he was okay, wondering what had happened and why the hell had he not taken cover?

"I'm fine," he shouted over the roaring storm. "I'm okay! Don't panic. I'm fine."

"But I saw it hit you!" M'pel E'kmel shouted. "It hit you and it threw me back into the tent! What do you mean you're fine?"

"Let's just say my suit is fully charged now and the reserve capacitor is topped off," he laughed as giddy as a schoolboy.

"Your armor can do that?" she demanded.

"Why do you think the Vespans stopped using directed energy weapons on us?" he laughed. "I've gone through a lot worse than a lightning strike in my time, Commander. All of you, just go back in the tents. It's not safe for you out here."

"You should take shelter!" M'pel E'kmel insisted, not quite believing he had really been unharmed by the lightning. "No beast would hunt in this weather."

"We don't know that," he countered. "Go back in the tent. I'll be fine until the storm passes. Don't worry. If I need you, I'll get you."

"Liam, no!" Clot'ilda begged, pulling franticly on his arm. "Liam come in. Liam, come with me. Come in!"

"You go with the Commander, Babydoll," he told her, his hand gentle on her shoulder. "Don't worry. God loves me. You go on in and get dry. I'll come when the storm passes."

Unwillingly the three soaked jZav'Etch retreated to their tent. Clot'ilda shivered and fretted while they sat dripping wet, huddled together for warmth, their clothes laid to the side to dry. The storm raged outside and they could hear Liam laugh now and then. Tem'Ma'tel thought he was mad and Clot'ilda didn't know what to think. M'pel E'kmel kept her peace, but secretly she believed he was enjoying himself out there with the wild wind and torrential rain. Eventually they fell asleep in each other's arms.

After the storm died to a steady drizzle, Liam opened the tent flap and looked in. He grinned, wishing he had a camera when he saw the three of them. Damp fur, tangle limbs and plenty of luscious curves would fuel his dreams for weeks. It would be a shame to disturb them so he closed the flap again and keyed his suit to administer a stim to its internal atmosphere. Breathing in the drug he was instantly more awake and ready to do at least twelve more hours of sentry. Liam paced the perimeter, his sensors pulsing an active sweep every sixty seconds and his mind lingering on the three naked jZav'Etch cuddled up together in the tent.

+>0<+

Warm. Warm and only a little stiff. That's how Tem'Ma'tel woke. She breathed in deeply, a little purr burbling in her chest, glad for the warmth after the soaking she'd gotten. And then she realized someone was cupping her breast. And then she realized someone else was laying in her lap, purring.

She looked down finding the commander's arms wrapped about her. M'pel E'kmel's right hand cupped Tem'Ma'tel's left breast in a pleasant manner, both thumbs gently pressing on her nipple as the commander slept. Clot'ilda lay with her head and shoulders on Tem'Ma'tel's thighs, very like a child in slumber.

Outside the rain had nearly ended and the sun seemed to be rising. SarJ'ant had been out there all night! She had failed in her duty!

Careful to wake neither of the sleeping jZav'Etch, Tem'Ma'tel disengaged herself from them. Clot'ilda roused from sleep, but quickly dropped off again when Tem'Ma'tel laid her in the commander's lap. She scrabbled through the discarded clothes until she found her trousers and jacket, unable to determine which shorts and undershirt were hers. She struggled into her damp clothes and opened the tent flap. Outside Liam was huddled over a low, smoky fire, adding more sticks to build it up.

"Good morning, SarJ'ant," she said softly as she crouched down next to him. "How are you today?"

"I'm doing well, Marine," he replied in his customary fashion. "This fire doesn't seem to want to burn, though."

"Wet," she said, pointing to the stack of branches and sticks.

"Yep," he agreed. "After last night I doubt we could find anything dry."

"Storm," she said and looked to the south where the clouds still brooded, now nuzzling against the mountains like a babe to a mother's tit. "Bad storm."

"Bad as I've seen." Liam nodded and blew on the smoldering fire, encouraging a tongue of flame to rise and dance for a moment before it dipped back down and writhed along several sticks. "That's a little better. Are you cold?"

"Cold," she said and nodded. "You tired now. I take watch. You... You sleep."

"I'll be alright for a bit." He reached over and dragged his musette bag from the stacked supplies. From it he took a poncho and draped it around her. "That should keep the wind off you. It'll help."

"Thank you, SarJ'ant," she said and pulled the voluminous garment tighter. "Tea?"

"No," he said and rummaged in his cargo pocket for a minute. "Coffee."

His hand came out with two discs of the precious stuff and he went through the routine of preparing them. She tried to refuse the cup he offered, but he pressed it into her hand and motioned for her to drink. Tem'Ma'tel sipped the hot, brown liquid, liking the smell but wondering what it was, and then she didn't care. It was AMAZING! She took a larger sip, burning her lip, but she didn't care about that either.

"Good!" she said, her eyes wide with wonder. "You... Food?"

"I could eat," he said smiling, pleased she liked the coffee.

Tem'Ma'tel went to her pack and returned with one of the jZav'etch rations. Liam frowned, worried she would try to feed him. There was still a whole lot of work to get done before he could think about taking another wife.

He needn't have worried, though. Tem'Ma'tel merely handed him the packet, letting him do with it as he would. If nothing else, she was very proper about social forms. He had given her the coffee and she had responded in kind with a meal she knew he liked.

Liam sat in the soaking wet grass and mud of the hilltop with a former enemy, enjoying a meal and coffee as if he were on a camping trip in the mountains of his home world. The meat and purple sauce were every bit as good as they had been the first time. A smile spread across his face as he forked chunks of wonderfully spiced meat into his mouth. This move was maybe the best idea they'd had.

"SarJ'ant," Tem'Ma'tel said to get his attention. She pointed to a shape moving at the edge of the camp under a storm-battered sapling. Liam looked and chuckled. She asked, "What that?"

"I don't know, but he was around last evening," he told her around a mouthful of food. "Doesn't seem interested in us at all. Didn't even look at me. He wasn't impressed by the storm either."

"Danger?" she asked.

"Not sure," Liam admitted. "I don't think it's a predator. Big claws on it, but they look more like they're for digging than killing. And those quills on his back are defensive. Seems more like something to leave alone rather than something to be afraid of."

"Tem'Ma'tel no afraid," she said sternly.

"Neither am I," he chuckled, "but I ain't going over there to pet it."

"Pet?" she asked. She was still learning English and had made impressive progress, but many words and their meanings were still unfamiliar.

"Stroke it in a friendly way," he said as much like a dictionary definition as he could.

"Stroke?" she murmured. "Friendee?"

"Never mind," he said and waved it away. "Not important right now."

She wasn't satisfied, but decided to look up the words when Clot'ilda was awake. Tem'Ma'tel had been borrowing the language guide to pass her time constructively while on watch. She had learned most of her English late in the evenings when no one could hear her making mistakes. A girl had her pride, after all.

"When the others are awake I want to reconnoiter that hill back over there," Liam said, pointing his fork at a rise half a kilometer away. "That's the place the commander and I picked out on the map. I checked it out with my scopes last night during the storm and I think there is a lot of potential in the way it's formed. On the map it looks like that waterfall comes down right onto it from that cliff above. The water comes out under that big rock on the southern corner there and flows down this way."

Tem'Ma'tel looked at the hill, not understanding all of what SarJ'ant said, but she did not disagree that it looked promising. She had seen the map image and knew there was a fair sized pool up on top. There were few trees visible on the crest and few grew on the northern and western slopes, though there was a dense grove on the southern slope before it plunged steeply into the valley. Several large outcrops of stone thrust from the green grass, reminding her of a crown or an ancient fortress. The hill was close enough to the forest for them to go hunting and close enough to the stream to go fishing if there were no fish in the pool on top. There might be enough soil to actually grow some of the edible plants they'd discovered, too.

"I go," she said and sipped more coffee, casting a wary eye on the large, long-faced beast that was poking its nose under a rock on the other side of the camp. "You sleep, SarJ'ant. You tired."

"I told you, I'm fine," he replied, shaking his head. "Couldn't sleep now if I wanted to."

"SarJ'ant no good marine," she said with a disapproving frown.

"I guess that's why they made me a sergeant," he chuckled and finished his coffee.

The sound of a tumbling stone and a loud grunt made them both turn. The aardvark thing was digging rapidly into the sodden soil of the hill and thrusting its nose into the hole. Liam stood and stepped closer to it, Tem'Ma'tel followed close behind. The thing tore at the ground with its great claws, digging faster than three men with shovels could have. As the dirt settled it jammed its nose into the hole again and almost instantly yanked its head back, dragging a pale yellow grub the size of a rugby ball with it. The grub squirmed for a few seconds before the aardvark thing chomped down with blade-like teeth and began shredding it.

"No good eat," Tem'Ma'tel said.

Liam looked at her with a grin. "How do you know you don't like something if you never try it?"

"SarJ'ant eat?" she demanded, her mouth crooked into a disgusted, lopsided grimace.

"You're right," he replied looking back at the creature as it moved on to find another meal. "No good eat."

+>0<+

The hike from their temporary camp across the shallow valley to the stony hill took just over half an hour. By the time Liam and Tem'Ma'tel passed through the sparse trees and shrubs on the north slope and reached the top, wary but intent on investigating their prospective new home, both were tired. Their energy came back to them as they neared what could only be the archway of a gate. The stones rising to either side of it had not come there by any natural process of erosion. On the western side of the gate the structure they had originally taken as a large, weather-beaten spur of rock was actually some sort of large weather-beaten gatehouse. It now stood in ruin, its roof ages gone, but its walls stood thick and resolute against the advance of time and the elements.

"House?" Tem'Ma'tel asked quietly, wonder lacing her tone.

"Yeah," Liam said. He looked around at the outer wall and drew his EP 12. "Let's not take any chances."

Tem'Ma'tel raised her fero-plas rifle and thumbed off the safety. The pair of them entered the ruin cautiously, senses alert. Liam's HUD displayed only the stones and plants around them. Very small creatures skittered out of sight as they crossed into a broad, overgrown plaza the size of a soccer field. On the far side of the plaza, opposite the gate, a stunted grove of trees grew. To the east was the waterfall they had seen from their temporary camp. Between them and the waterfall rose a stone platform with a dozen pillars, two of which had fallen. And to their immediate left was a row of low buildings forming the northern wall of the compound. Along the western wall what looked like workshops or perhaps some sort of stable sat in disrepair.

"Rooms first," Liam said, gesturing to their left.

They took very little time to scout the place out, it was well and truly deserted, but when they got to the stunted trees Tem'Ma'tel called out. Liam looked to her and she held out a golden fruit of some kind. On the tree behind her were many more. There were other trees of the same sort and still others with red or green fruit. It seemed they had found an orchard.

"Commander, how do you read? Over," Liam said into his suit com.

"I read you loud and clear, Sergeant," came M'pel E'kmel's response. "What does it look like? Over."

"Hard for me to describe it, Commander," he said. "Your map didn't do this place justice. It's not a natural formation. Somebody built this place. Over."

M'pel E'kmel looked down on Clot'ilda as if trying to confirm what Liam had just said. She and the little Pah'Tht had remained with their gear and both held hand radios taken from the life pod.
