 Author's Note 8/15/14: Just about done with the rough draft of chapter 19. I figure it's safe to post this one a little ahead of schedule. I'm also trying a different scene-break in hopes that it will resolve the issues with Iphones and the like. Several people who know more about tech than I do have suggested a number of fixes and I think this is the easiest. We'll see how well it works.

Thanks to everyone leaving comments and sending messages. When I started this story I had no idea it would generate the following it has.




With the sun well up, its heat baking the grassland, the antelope wandered in their herd. Pointed ears flicked and long, supple tails lashed, striking at insects on their sides and flanks. Now and then the scouts would raise their heads at a sound or a movement that might be a threat, but this day seemed peaceful. The only large animal to be seen was no threat to them. It roved across the field, stopping here or there to dig out a large grub before continuing its roving. All was well. All was safe. All was...

Chaos.

A small tan and brown furred creature dropped from the branches of one of the few large trees that grew at the edge of a thicket. It fell upon a young buck who had strayed too near, bearing him down to the ground. The buck's hooves thrashed and he bellowed a short cry of alarm before he went silent and still. The herd broke away from the predator, desperate to put as much distance as they could between themselves and whatever had just taken their fellow.

Suddenly, one of the scouts darted at a right angle from the chosen route, it stumbled and disappeared into the tall, lush grass. The herd turned from this threat and was instantly faced by another. Large and menacing, a figure rose into view. Another herd member jerked and collapsed, her bleating calls warning the rest of the deadly peril. Again the herd broke away. In their confusion the antelope had turned back towards the tree and the brown and tan creature. More bleating rang over the grassland as another member of the herd fell and then they were in full flight, hooves churning the grass and earth as they made for open country. Two more fell before they escaped the terrible things that killed. Kilometers away they finally stopped, snorting and spent. As there were no threats here they returned to their feeding, their terror already nearly forgotten.

"Six!" Tem'Ma'tel cheered, waving her atlatl victoriously above her head.

"Six!" Liam called back and pulled the long dart from his kill's side. The crude stone point lashed to it with dental floss was now loose, but it had held well enough to do what it was meant for.

"I had no idea these would be so effective," M'pel E'kmel called from her position, her eyes wide, a grin across her face. "Impressive for such a crude weapon."

"After only three days of practice, too," Liam called back to her. "Just think how good we'll be in a few months."

"Two!" Clot'ilda called to them from beneath the tree. "Two! Need help."

Liam took his antelope by the ankles and dragged it over the grass to where his First stood proudly over her own kills.

"I thought I told you not to drop from the tree like that," he scolded her as he came up.

"Predator," she sniped back at him and thumped her chest. "I kill two, Liam. Liam kill one."

"Killing wasn't my job," he said, though he was not displeased with her teasing or her success. "My job was to turn them back onto you three when they bolted. I did my job the way I was supposed to. What if something had happened to you?"

"I am not hurt, Liam," she said dismissively. "I know... I know... how... to hunt."

"Yes you do, my little predator," he said and snatched Clot'ilda under the arms, lifting her up to kiss her on the lips before setting her back on her feet. "Your English is improving, too. Just be careful. We need you, Baby doll."

"Okay, Liam," she said and stretched up to nip his beard fondly, pleased that he was pleased.

Tem'Ma'tel came up to them, carrying her kill over her shoulder. She smiled and kissed him on the mouth.

"Good hunt," she purred and kissed him again.

"Sergeant," panted M'pel E'kmel as she dragged her two kills to the trio. "Are you quite sure you do not wish to gut them here? It would make our load lighter."

"They're only about forty or forty-five kilos each," he said, shaking his head. "Once we have them on the travois, we'll be able to move easily enough. You'll see."

While Liam and Tem'Ma'tel cut saplings and branches to make the travois, Clot'ilda and M'pel E'kmel stood watch over the kills, holding their fero-plas pistols casually. It wasn't long before Liam returned and began assembling the frame. He had the main struts fastened together and was lashing on some stout branches when Tem'Ma'tel strode back to the party with several more. She was in no particular hurry and she seemed relaxed, but there was something about her body language that told Liam something was up.

"What is wrong?" M'pel E'kmel asked as soon as the younger jZav'Etch was close enough to hear her.

"I see tracks with trees," Tem'Ma'tel said. She did not look at any of them, only handed her branches to Liam.

"What kind of tracks?" Liam asked. Following her example, he continued to work but was no longer paying much attention.

"Commander, I do not know how to explain in English," Tem'Ma'tel said. She looked frustrated with herself. "The tracks are like those we found next to the stream on the first day of our journey here. The ones by the campfire."

After M'pel E'kmel translated what she'd said, Liam asked, "How many?"

"Three," Tem'Ma'tel said confidently. "I smell three. I see tracks of three. Three."

"How old are the tracks?" Liam asked. He drew a knot tight and moved to the next branch.

"Fresh," Tem'Ma'tel said. "They see hunt."

"That's pretty fresh, alright," he grumbled. "Damn it. Could you tell where they had gone?"

"South." She twitched her ears in the jZav'Etch version of a shrug. "Not... Not sure, SarJ'ant."

"Well, Commander, what do you think?" Liam asked.

"We must assume they are intelligent and I think it would be wise if we assume they are still watching," she said. "I'm afraid you and Tem'Ma'tel are more expert than I am in this kind of... warfare."

"Warfare?" Liam asked, raising an eyebrow.

"When in doubt it is best to assume the worst and hope for the best," she replied evenly.

"True enough," Liam agreed. "Seems to me, if they're hunters, no matter how careful we are it won't take them much effort to figure out where we're living."

"We no move, Liam," Clot'ilda said firmly. "Our home. We stay."

"Damn straight, Babe," he said. "We aren't giving that place up. It's too good of a location."

"So what do you suggest?" asked M'pel E'kmel.

"I suggest we try to talk to them," he replied standing up. "They won't have clue one what I'm saying, but talking might be the only way to avoid getting anybody killed."

"Yes," she said, uncomfortably. "We should not meddle with them, if we can avoid it. I wish you had brought your helmet."

"I do too." Liam shook his head. "My fault. I figured Rover would alert us if he noticed anything. Besides, you three have some pretty sharp senses. I didn't think anything would be able to sneak up on us out here."

"Your eyesight is better than ours in broad daylight, Sergeant," the commander said absently. "That is no matter now. Nor is your helmet. We must see if we can find them."

 "Nah," he said lightly, hoping his casually confident attitude would ease the stress of the jZav'Etch. "We'll let them come to us. We go in that thicket again, we might not come out. No telling how they're armed. Might not hear them coming."

"Liam no go." Clot'ilda looked worried.

"I'm not going anywhere, Babe," he assured her. "The three of you spread out to either side of me. Get good lanes of fire and stay alert."

"We must not fire on them if it can be helped, Sergeant," M'pel E'kmel said firmly. "This is almost certainly the first contact these people have had with either of our races. It should be as peaceful an encounter as we can make it."

"There is an ancient hero of Old Earth, Commander. He said, 'Speak softly and carry a big stick.'" Liam patted his EP 12 meaningfully. "I'll do the soft speaking. You three do the big stick part. Now go on and spread out. Let's not make it easy on them."

Outwardly confident, Liam turned to face into the thicket as the females did as he instructed. He wasn't sure what to say, but now that he had committed himself, there really wasn't much choice. He squared his shoulders, threw his chest out and raised his chin, half expecting an arrow in the heart any second.

"Hey!" he yelled. "You in there. We know you're watching us. Come on out and we can talk. If you were hunting, we killed extra. You can have one."

Liam waited, listening and scanning the thicket for any sign of the creatures. Nothing moved except for the small winged creatures that looked more like bats than birds.

"Come out," he called again. "We won't hurt you. We just want to meet you."

Liam went quiet, letting the silence stretch, patiently waiting for their unseen observers to make the next move. Just about the time he decided to give up and go back to the villa, Clot'ilda perked up her ears and her alert stance shifted slightly. A moment later a slim creature immerged from the thicket. The jZav'Etch all eased into more defensive postures, their weapons tracking the alien and their eyes on the thicket.

The creature was a strange looking being. It moved with a rolling gate that reminded Liam of a man walking with scuba flippers on his feet. Slim and no taller than Clot'ilda, it was humanoid with longish arms and an ovoid head. Its face was comprised of large eyes, a small T-shaped nose, short horns similar to those of an Earthly goat and long, floppy ears that reminded Liam of his sister's pet rabbit. A light colored coat of fine fur covered the creature from head to... hooves.

"It's kind of like a satyr or a faun," Liam said softly, not wanting to startle the creature into flight.

The creature took a few more steps towards Liam and he saw that it did not stand on its hooves. Instead it walked on the lowest portion of its legs, what in horses or deer would be called the pastern. It rested on the fetlock as a human would on their heel.

"I see no weapons on him," M'pel E'kmel said quietly.

"How do you know it's a he?"

"Your eyesight might be better, but I am not blind," she replied evenly. "I don't know for certain, but just look between his legs."

"Yeah, I guess," Liam sighed. "I was looking at his feet."

"They are strange," she observed. "Only has two toes. Not enough stability to walk upright any other way, I suppose."

The creature looked back and forth between the two of them and then raised his hands palms outward. He spoke in a series of whistles and hoots with a few keening sounds mixed in. The creature went silent and seemed to be waiting for some kind of reply.

Liam raised his hands palms out and said, "We don't speak your language. We mean you no harm. We just want to live here for a while. We're willing to share our meat with you, if that's what you came for."

The creature blinked its huge eyes at Liam, cocking its head as if trying to make sense of his words. Slowly Liam stepped back to where the carcasses of the antelope lay next to the travois. The creature hunched forward, ready to run, watching his movements intently. Liam bent down and took one of the antelope by its hind legs. He carefully lifted it onto his shoulder and turned back to the creature.

"I'll give you this one," Liam said and walked towards the alien slowly. "You're welcome to it. It's a gift. We mean you no harm. Just leave us be and we'll leave you be."

The creature shifted nervously, but Liam's slow, nonthreatening movements and soothing tone were enough to keep it from bolting. Liam stopped about three meters from the alien and carefully lowered the antelope to the ground, then backed off a few paces.

"That's yours," he said, gesturing at the carcass. "Go ahead and take it. We've got plenty."

The creature said something, making hand gestures that seemed to indicate it was asking a question about the antelope. When Liam only frowned, trying to make sense of the gestures and words, the creature repeated itself.

"It's yours," said Liam, pointing at the carcass and then to the creature. "It's a gift. Take it. It's yours."

The creature chirped inquiringly and pointed to the dead antelope and then to itself.

"Yes," Liam said, nodding emphatically. "You take it. I am giving it to you. It is yours."

The creature seemed finally to understand. Glancing furtively at the jZav'Etch it stepped cautiously forward until it was able to get a hand on the carcass. It said a few more words to Liam and then took the carcass by the hind legs and dashed back into the thicket, dragging the dead antelope behind. As it ran, it rose up on its hooves and moving at impressive speed over the short distance, disappeared into the trees.

"That went well," M'pel E'kmel said with a relieved sigh.

"Let's get the fuck out of here before they change their minds," Liam said, hurrying to load the antelope onto the travois.

"Five," Clot'ilda said, sounding as though she disapproved of Liam giving away one of their kills.

"Five is better than none," Liam said with a shrug. "Better than having those people think we're unfriendly. Tem'Ma'tel, help me with this thing. You two watch our backs. I don't want any surprises on the way up to the villa."

"They have impressive speed, don't you think, Sergeant?" M'pel E'kmel said looking at the thicket. "Walk similar to Humans. Run as jZav'Etch do."

"They're faster than you," he said. "They don't look like they're all that strong, though."

"I wonder why they eat meat," said M'pel E'kmel.

"Same reason I do," he said, tossing the last antelope on the travois. "Same reason you eat fruit and vegetables, too, I'd guess."

"I suppose so," she agreed. "Sometimes there is nothing else to eat. I wonder how old that one was."

"Don't guess there's any way to know right now." Liam grunted as he and Tem'Ma'tel lifted the poles of the travois and began to drag it toward the slope leading up to the villa.

"I wonder how much of them we shall be seeing in the future," the commander mused. "I wonder, also, what they made of us."

"Hopefully they saw people who aren't a threat to them," Liam said, still grunting as he pulled beside Tem'Ma'tel. "Next time we bring one of the stretchers. Why'd you let me talk you into using a travois?"

"You simply said you had it under control, Sergeant," she snorted. "I assumed you had it under control."

***********

Rover had watched the encounter between the bipeds. He had smelled the uncertainty on the air and had chosen to remain aloof. Biped business was for bipeds. There were no real threats out here and there were a lot of grubs to eat. When the long-legs hid in the trees he had been tempted to visit them, but he remembered how they had driven him away from his females. They had forced him into the fields and thrown stones at him until he was far away. It hadn't been painful, but it had been very insulting. His new bipeds were much better. Though they had no females for him, he preferred their company. After all, they had stopped his itching.

***********

"Liam... swim now?" Clot'ilda asked as soon as the castaways passed through the gates of the villa.

"We have work to do," he said. He and Tem'Ma'tel were still pulling the travois and his legs were really burning. "Need to hang these antelope. Got to drain the blood."

"Blood?" Clot'ilda made a face.

"Blood good eat," Tem'Ma'tel said with a grunt of her own. 

"I don't drink blood, but blood sausage is good," he agreed.

"Your people eat blood sausage?" M'pel E'kmel asked.

"Not as many of us as used to," said Liam as he and Tem'Ma'tel came to a stop by the workshops. "Most Humans eat processed stuff. It's okay, but I like real food. My Uncle Gav taught me how to make blood sausage when we took wild boar. I don't know if we could do it with these animals, though. Where's Rover?"

"He is still coming up the hill," M'pel E'kmel said. "So other than the blood, what do we need to make the sausage?"

"We need casings," Liam said, stretching his legs and flexing his hands to get the circulation back into them. "We've got to use the stretcher next time. Don't let me do something that dumb again."

"Tell your mates," the commander smirked. "We can use the digestive tracts of these animals for casings, can we not?"

"If their intestines are like the ones from animals I'm used to." He stretched his shoulders and walked to the gate, watching as Rover trundled up the path. "I wonder why he didn't let us know those creatures were around."

"He may simply have not considered them a threat," M'pel E'kmel said.

"Liam," Clot'ilda said. "Rover was... Pet?"

"Pet. That's right. He's our pet," Liam said.

"No." Clot'ilda shook her head. "Their pet. People we met. Rover was their pet."

"You think he used to belong to them?" he asked.

"Yes. Rover blong with us," she said. "Rover blong with them before."

"Belong, Baby doll," he corrected her absently. "But you might be right."

"It would explain why he did not consider them a threat," M'pel E'kmel said. "Perhaps he wandered off from their camp or something such thing."

"I wonder why he didn't go back to them, then," said Liam.

"Rover think..." Tem'Ma'tel began and had to stop to consider her words. She tapped her temple with a finger and went on, "Rover think we family. Rover's family."

"Yes," Clot'ilda said. "We help Rover with... with... ashes. Make scratch go away."

"Maybe," Liam conceded. "And if he belonged to them, it would explain why he accepted us so quickly. Probably missed having company."

"I will wait for Rover, Sergeant," M'pel E'kmel said. "Why don't you begin processing the antelope?"

"Alright," he agreed. "I think we need to keep watch the rest of the day and especially tonight. Just in case our new neighbors come around for a closer look at us. Tem'Ma'tel, Clot'ilda, the two of you hang the carcasses by their hind legs. I'm going to take my helmet and have a look at the valley. Maybe I can see them."

The females set about their tasks and Liam took his helmet to the southern end of the wall where a round platform had been constructed. The builders of this place had obviously used it to look out over the valley, as it provided an unobstructed view for many kilometers. His sensors were not powerful enough to pick up anything so small as a human at this range, but the scopes built into the helmet allowed him to do a detailed visual scan. About two and a half kilometers from the villa he spotted a small camp hidden under some trees next to a stream. He had been specifically looking for it otherwise he would not have seen it. The beings, whatever they were called, had been very careful to conceal themselves. It was a thin feather of smoke rising from their fire that alerted him to their presence.

"Find anything?" M'pel E'kmel asked, coming onto the platform.

"Yeah," he said, taking off his helmet and offering it to her. "Look out there about two kilometers. By the stream under that clump of trees."

She took the helmet and placed the uncomfortable thing on her head. Instantly she was reminded of the major differences between jZav'Etch and Human anatomy. Her ears were plastered to her skull and her nose was almost bumping the faceplate. However, the scope Liam had been using was excellent. She was pleasantly surprised when it automatically adjusted to accommodate the differences in her eyes from those of Humans.
