 Tags up front: alien, harem, consent, psychic powers, enhancement, lingerie, oral sex, fffm, group sex.

All characters are over the age of 18. All sex is consensual.

I realize I've hit the consent issue a lot, and part of me feels like I should dial it back...except every time I look at the world and the news I realize no, I shouldn't. Enthusiastic consent is hot, even in telepathic-sex-power stories.

I haven't been to Vegas in over twenty years. Naturally I'm taking huge narrative liberties with location accuracy. We'll chalk it up to the alien influence.

*****

He woke up before the woman sharing his futon bed. His timing was intentional, ensured with a request to his psychic companion made in his dreams. Despite the wild indulgences of those vivid, entirely immersive dreams, the feel and the sight of his real companion's naked body beside his brought him a new thrill.

Xin hadn't been wrong about the differences between dream and reality. While he slept, an entire elven court of beautiful priestesses and lady wizards worshipped his body. When he woke up to the dusky Japanese features of a single partner in his bed, rather than feeling like his pleasure had scaled down somehow, his desires latched on to reality instead.

Fantasy was amazing. He looked forward to more. But he'd choose this reality over fantasy every time.

Kyle checked the clock. They had time. Asami still slept beside him. His mind turned partly to the psychic entity sharing his body for her extended interstellar vacation: Xin? he asked mentally.

They're all on board with everything, Kyle. Like they told us last night. Especially Asami. If anything, Asami is even more on board than Angela or Miranda. She'll build a whole new mast on this boat if we let her.

You're really getting into the metaphors, aren't you? Kyle wondered with a smirk. Can you help this work out the way I'm thinking?

Optimizing your moves is part of the standard package here, babe. Makes it better for all of us. We're a team.

Grinning, Kyle gently pulled the blanket down from Asami, uncovering her lithe, naked body. She didn't even stir, giving him a moment to revel at the sight of her shapely nude figure before he got to it.

She didn't wake immediately as he trailed kisses down her belly to the short landing strip over her groin, but she did shift and murmur in approval. Her thighs parted, dreamily inviting more of his kiss in more intimate places. She slept with a smile at the stroke of his fingers along her inner thighs and the slow, lingering kiss of his lips all around her sex. It wasn't until his tongue first ran against her wet folds that she drifted out of sleep and into waking pleasure.

"Mmmh...oh? Oh my god," Asami gasped. She squirmed into Kyle's touch rather than out of it as she awoke. Kyle gently kept her inner thighs apart and gave her a long, steadying lick, to which she instantly responded. Asami's hands came down to his head, inhaling sharply and holding him in place by his hair. "Mmmh!" she whined. Then other thoughts occurred to her. She let go of him. "You don't have to...oh god...I haven't even showered."

He looked up toward her face, looking across her flat belly and between her pert breasts to meet her eyes with his. He could have told her she tasted divine thanks to Xin's biological adjustments overnight. He could've told her she was intoxicating. He had other things in mind, though, chief among them the thrill she got out of him taking charge. "I don't care," he murmured before his mouth returned to her nether lips to gently suck on her clit.

It was the right thing to say. Between his loving, assertive words and his oral affections, Asami instantly dropped every objection. She threw her head back and moaned.

Kyle ensured she was on another level of enjoyment before his lips turned to her inner thighs and his hands roamed up her body. She was already climbing toward a climax. He dialed things back only a little, letting her head clear with a bit more wakefulness. Then his tongue ran lightly up and down her lips again and one hand returned to her crotch to escalate his work.

"Oh fuck...oh fuck...ohhh fuuuck!" Asami moaned as Kyle's tongue renewed its assault on her clit. His fingers found no shortage of natural lubricant. He slipped in one, then another. Asami's body gradually yielded to both, welcoming him with more wetness and more shuddering enjoyment. She caressed his head as best she could until he began stroking her within using a beckoning motion right across her most sensitive spot. His lips kept kissing and sucking.

Asami's slender legs closed around him and her fingers tightened into fists in his hair with the first waves of climax. She let out more moans, these sharper and shorter, her taut belly heaving as she convulsed. Kyle took full advantage of the wordless understanding of her body provided by his psychic partner. He extended and heightened her orgasm with just the right licks and strokes. Soon, Asami was a gasping, pleading mess, begging him with loud breaths rather than words.

She didn't have anything in particular to plead for. He understood that. He kept giving it to her as long as she could handle it, and not a moment too much beyond there. She shook with pleasure, her body trembling, vulnerable, and aglow. Kyle shifted up toward her, wiping his mouth before his face came close to hers. Asami wrapped her nude body around his.

"Oh my god, that was amazing," she whispered gratefully. "You didn't have to do that."

"I liked it. Won't be the last time."

She shuddered again, sharing with him another pleasure of naked skin against skin. "Nobody's ever done that for me."

"Wait, what? Ever?" Kyle blinked.

"Not...not in the morning. Not out of the blue. And nowhere near that good."

"Then you're definitely getting more of this."

"What about you?" asked Asami. She grinded against his cock, its base rubbing along her neatly-groomed hair and its head gently poking at her belly. "Do you want anything?"

He smiled into another kiss. Telepathy assured him she was ready. The rest he didn't have to ask. "I'll take what I want," he murmured. He gave her a second to shudder with another submissive thrill before rolling her onto her back. Asami looked up at him in breathless, eager surrender as he spread her legs and speared her with his cock.

She swore less this time, but her breath came out with loud notes of pleasure. Kyle held her down with one hand below her throat, obeying an urge conveyed by their bond. He never once hurt her. It was never about that. She wanted to be pinned and fucked. He discovered he liked it, too. Feeding off her excitement and her pleasure, Kyle's thrusts quickly picked up into a fierce and possessive fucking.

Everything fell into sync between them. Asami's slender body writhed underneath him, giving Kyle a treat for his eyes along with their coupling. Her every breath carried ecstasy, most often without words but sometimes with panting praise. Looking down at her face gave him an incredible rush. She was beautiful. She wanted this. She wanted him. She wanted...

"Ngh," Kyle grunted.

"Yessss," Asami urged. "Come inside me. Come inside me."

Kyle felt the sudden rush of conflicting desires, wanting to drag this out and also wanting satisfaction, but he'd already lost track of time. Moreover, she'd made it very clear he could have her practically whenever he wanted her. The mere thought of that turned her on. Xin made sure he felt that.

He fucked her harder, selfishly, pushing them both into a wild orgasm. Over the edge, the couple first looked at one another with wide eyes, panting in awe as their bodies spasmed together. Then Asami was overwhelmed with further sensations.

"Ooohhh fuck that's amazing!" Asami declared, throwing her head back again as his release continued. "God! Mmh, I can feel it." Sweet moans of luxury followed. Asami writhed well after Kyle was finished, grinning and shaking as if completely overcome.

Uh, Xin? Kyle thought.

Mmmh, yes, she's still in heaven, assured Xin. Predictably, Xin sounded like she was right there with Asami.

What's going on?

I've altered your fluids to induce euphoria and physically pleasurable sensations. Well. This particular fluid, anyway.

You what?

It took me a while to get things just right. Listen, you're not out to have babies. You don't want that at all, right? That means your delivery feels great, but otherwise the payload is kind of a waste, isn't it? So I changed the output. This gives your partners something more to enjoy. Something unique to you. And something for you to enjoy, too. You're so focused on giving your partners pleasure I figured you'd like this. Asami sure does.

"God damn, I love psychic sexual superpowers," Asami teased with the most sensuous grin Kyle had ever seen. "This feels fucking amazing."

Don't worry, it's not like a drug. Probably gonna be pretty hard to turn down after someone has had a taste. It's just great in its own right. Tactile, taste, scent, all of it. But it won't be addictive, don't worry.

I like making you the best, Kyle. You like it, too. Everyone we fuck sure will like you this way. Go for it. Enjoy.

"Are you doing this to me right now?" asked his human partner without the slightest worry. She clearly approved. "This is your power, right?"

"This is, uh...kind of automatic now," said Kyle. "I don't even have to think about it."

"Oh god, this is the best I've ever felt. Better than last night, even. If this is how it's gonna be from now on, I really am gonna be slutty with you." Her lips turned up into a mischievous grin. "If that's okay?"

"Can't really resist when you put it like that," said Kyle. His hips slowly rocked against her again, still penetrating and still feeling good.

Asami's eyes widened. "Already?" she whined with renewed pleasure.

"If you want it. I mean we gotta shower and get on the road..." He looked at the clock. Once again, Xin had woken him up early, but with all the energy of a good night's sleep. He grinned. "...soonish," he finished.

She reached up to touch his cheek. "Nobody ever went down on me like you did just now," she said. "Not to wake me up. Why?"

He mirrored her gesture. He took in the beauty of her face, dazzled and satisfied and hungry for more of him all at the same time. "Because I like making you feel good."

She almost laughed. Her legs curled around his hips, encouraging him to grind into her and penetrate her deeper. "Then I'm all yours."

* * *

Cramped though it was, Kyle's shower turned out to be mostly an invitation for more play. They washed one another to take advantage of the chance to explore, building further on the physical, sexual, and emotional bonds already well underway. It wasn't until they were in Asami's car that they got to truly talking.

They stopped at her apartment only long enough to grab a little of her clothes before heading out again. She didn't live far, though in Los Angeles the few miles between them still put her in another city. Her apartment wasn't extravagant, but it was much nicer than his new studio. Even a relatively new cop's salary was better than the wages of a motorcycle messenger. In the car, more of her background came out, along with more of her talents.

"My dad was a diplomat. We lived in Japan until I was about eleven. Then we came back here. I grew up bilingual, so I get the Japanese fluency with the Californian accent for English. Mom and Dad bounced back to Japan again while I was finishing out college."

"Wow. How do they feel about you being a cop?"

"Well, there was a lot of hang-wringing at first, but eventually they got over it. Dad always knew I wasn't going for any 'traditional woman' bullshit. He liked that about me. I've got a brother, so it's not like he was longing for a son when he had daughters or anything. Just forward-thinking, I guess. Mom's the career sort, too, so she mostly understood."

"I can't say much for my family," said Kyle. They'd already covered his lack of ties. "Are you close?"

"Close as can be with an ocean between us, I guess. My sister married a guy up in Portland, so we're long distance, too. She'd be thrilled to hear I'm seeing somebody." Kyle caught a glance from her then, seeming unsure if she'd said or presumed too much. 

"You can tell her anything you want," said Kyle. "Except the psychic power stuff. Might want to leave that out unless you want her to think you're crazy."

"And all the other women," Asami teased. "Not complaining, but I'm not sure how I'd explain it yet. Oh, and the money laundering."

"Yeah, that too," Kyle muttered, blushing a little. "Seriously, though. We didn't have all that bonding for nothing. I'm crazy about you, Asami. I'm not going anywhere unless you tell me it's over. And I promise that's all you'll have to do. No creepy clingy stuff from me. I hate that shit. But you're gonna have to let me know."

"No way," she said, reaching out to take his hand. "You're mine now, stud."

"I thought you wanted it the other way around?" Kyle grinned.

"Okay, so you're my...I dunno, dom? Top? Daddy? Ew, not daddy. Forget I said that. Strike it from the record. I'm objecting to my own argument."

"You a cop or a lawyer now?"

"Sometimes I spend so much time in court I'm not sure anymore. People see I'm a woman and I'm Asian and they think they can get out of whatever I arrested them for. Even guys I've put on the ground think I'll suddenly turn into a pushover once they've talked to a lawyer. It's fucking ridiculous."

"Gotcha. Listen, call me whatever you want."

"...does 'boyfriend' work? Seems a little too soon, and I know we're not exclusive, but... it also seems like this fast track is for real, y'know?"

"Boyfriend is fine." Kyle smiled. "I really like hearing that, actually."

Asami beamed. "Okay then. Fuck yeah."

"That's exactly how I feel, too," Kyle laughed.

"Uh. Were we talking about something else?"

"Do you like the job?" Kyle asked.

Asami let out a sigh before answering. "I like the job. I don't know if I like the people. Maybe it's what the job does to people, or what it brings out in them. Or maybe it's the people the job attracts. I dunno. People are complicated. The thing is, I'm a team player and that's a huge thing, right? They hammer at you over and over, 'Call back-up, don't try to be a hero alone, call back-up.' Only half the time I feel like calling in back-up makes things worse. Or if I'm showing up as someone else's back-up it just makes them think they can get aggressive now 'cause they aren't alone.

"It sucks sometimes. I know a lot of good cops. I know a lot of really good cops. But it doesn't take many bad ones to fuck it up for everyone. And way too many look the other way on the bad ones. Lots of reasons for that, but the end result is the same." 

"Hey," Kyle said softly. With her hand still holding his, he brought her knuckles to his lips. "We'll deal with those assholes."

"It's more than just them. But thank you. It means a lot. It means a hell of a lot." She squeezed his hand. "And knowing everything I know about you now, I really do believe it. Even more than I did before we went to sleep last night."

Kyle shrugged. "I want to do the right thing."

"Why do you think I'm so excited about doing all the naughty things?" Asami countered. "I can feel where you're coming from. I get you. It's why I'm not worried about you having these powers or living this life. It's why I'm ready to run off with you at the drop of a hat."

"What do you want to do, Asami?" Kyle asked. "I mean this weekend. In Vegas. Anything?"

Her grin grew naughty. "I'm safe with you?" she asked. "No judgments?"

"None at all," said Kyle. "Let it out."

"I want more of last night. No inhibitions. No worries. I don't want to think about being a cop. I want to be your fucktoy, even when we're not fucking. And, uh...maybe a little more."

"Oh?" Kyle asked.

"You remember how our little dream conference ended," said Asami. "Don't tell me you don't. I wouldn't be surprised if you were watching the rest of us."

"I didn't want to spy, actually. I don't have a clue what happened after you left. But I remember how you left."

"I 'left' with your other girlfriend's face buried in my ass." Her mouth spread into a full, uncontrollable smile now, despite the hints of shyness that didn't let go. "She dreamt that, too, right? That really was her? And you saw it. Don't tell me you didn't see, 'cause you were getting blown by your other other girlfriend."

"That was really Angela and Miranda, yes. I saw it start. I didn't assume I should watch after that." His voice dropped. "You wanna tell me?"

"It was fucking amazing," said Asami. "Like, I didn't...I've kinda sorta fooled around with other women before, but not like that. Angela just...we both just knew. I mean it was like meeting you, right? This was totally part of your powers. She'd better be for real, or boyfriend or not, I'm kicking your ass."

He laughed. "She's for real. She was making her own decisions there, same as you. As far as sex and hooking up goes, my powers don't create desires out of nothing. Like it's buzzing around looking for something natural to start with. I only sort of fast forward through inhibitions and walls and such; they aren't ignored, just worked out fast. Anything happening with you works the same. If you and Angela clicked like that in the dream, it's for real."

"I never got that far with another woman," said Asami. "I'm not good at women. I can't pick out the ones who also like women. Not like I've got psychic powers to cheat my way through all the 'seeking a partner' bullshit like you do, cheater."

"You want me to help you with that?" Kyle joked.

"Yes! Obviously!" Asami laughed. "Hook me up! Hook me up all the time." She bit her lip. "Are they both really that hot?"

"You're all really that hot."

"...okay, that's a good line," she said. She might have even blushed.

"It's true."

"I like how you're sticking with that line, too." She threw him a glance. "That's not sarcasm."

"I know. As for the hook-ups, we're coming in on our chance," said Kyle. He pointed to the condominium tower at the corner. "My phone says that's the place. Hey, street parking right over here."

"Looks like a nice place," Asami murmured. A sign outside promised every amenity from a 24-hour concierge to valet resident parking. A couple of the balconies looked like they might be half the size of Kyle's studio apartment. "Wonder who you have to be to afford a place like this?"

"She's a broker for a lot of rich people. Guess she gets paid well, and it figures she knows what to do with her own money."

"It's pretty impressive. Guess she's pretty impressive. I mean I already know she is. I met her. Kind of."

He turned back to Asami. "You can back out if you want. We'll fix it. I won't pressure you on any of this."

"I know," said Asami. She squeezed his hand. "I'm excited. Doesn't mean I'm not still nervous. This is kinda crazy. Even if it's awesome crazy, it's still crazy."

"Miranda's really impressive. There's no denying it. Turns out you're really impressive, too."

She'll be fine, Xin assured him as they got out of the car. The nerves are natural for all of you. I don't want to soothe away every little thing. It wouldn't feel right. Trust me, you're all going to get along like a dream. First-meeting jitters is all...oh. You know that. Sorry. I'll shut up now.

Kyle grinned. Now who's nervous? he thought.

More like anticipation. I wanna get to the good stuff.

He grinned as he took Asami's hand and walked to the entrance. The little bit of denial he heard in Xin's mental "voice" was endearing.

