 Author's Note 9/27/2014: I have to do an extensive rewrite of chapter 22 and chapter 23 is just barely roughed out, but nothing in this chapter can be affected by subsequent events. I'm posting this because I don't know when I'll be done with the other chapters and I don't want to leave you hanging too long. 

For those who have suggested this would make a good movie, I thank you, but I think it would work much better as a graphic novel or a serial in a magazine like 'Heavy Metal'. 

As ever, thanks to everyone leaving comments or sending messages. They have been great to read. Some have been quite entertaining. Others have been very informative, letting me know which devices worked best. 

I think there will be three more chapters. Be patient, I have a major project unrelated to writing to complete, but I will update as soon as I am able. 

***** 

Chapter 21 

The quiet moment of confession and tenderness was sundered by a warning cry from Tem'Ma'tel. Liam and M'pel E'kmel blinked uncomprehendingly and then the pair charged through the woods to find the jZav'Etch Marine, a strained expression on her face, her body tense. She gestured urgently for them to follow her and turned to run for the edge of the forest. Breaking through the trees into the sunlight they saw smoke rising from the village. Flames were consuming the flimsy abatis near the stream. Several of the huts were afire. Very distantly they could hear the electric crack of weapons fire followed by faint cries of Fauns. Large, dark shapes strode among the huts, discharging weapons as they moved. 

"What is it?" demanded M'pel E'kmel, her earlier fears replaced by a new one. 

Liam brought up his scope and zeroed in on the shapes. 

"I don't know," he said. "Some kind of robot or something. They're attacking the village. Looks like they're using projected energy weapons. Whatever they are, they're big and the Fauns don't stand a chance." 

"Clot'ilda!" Tem'Ma'tel cried. 

"She was still with the wounded girl when I left!" the commander breathed in a weighted voice. 

"Fuck!" Liam shouted and made for the landstrider where it was tethered to a tree. 

"You can't!" protested M'pel E'kmel. 

"The hell I can't!" he snapped and leapt into the saddle. Tem'Ma'tel mounted behind him and Liam hauled cruelly on the reins, spinning the beast around. "Got to save her!" 

Impotently, M'pel E'kmel watched as the two thundered off across the plain. In the distance another hut burst into flame sending a cloud of smoke into the clear sky. Why had the village been attacked? 

*********** 

At the first sounds of combat Clot'ilda looked up from her task of wrapping the last fresh bandage on the wounded Faun's leg. The girl had lain quietly throughout the process, accepting the discomfort, but now she sat up in alarm. The young hunter who had tenderly held her hand surged to his feet and leapt to the door. He spun back with terror in his eyes. 

"Something comes from the water!" Stolkchiq shouted. "It kills our hunters!" 

Clot'ilda was on her feet even as the old female sprang to the wounded girl's side and embraced her protectively. Clot'ilda took one glance out the door, saw the huge armored things moving through the village to where the Fauns slaughtered their kills and turned back to the three in the hut. 

"Take her out of here!" Clot'ilda said urgently, pointing to the entrance of the kraal. "Carry her away!" 

Stolkchiq looked to Ssusstilha where she clutched her daughter. It took no great leap of intellect to know what Kindwife was saying. He bent and collected Ssuqlik in his arms, being careful of her injuries and dashed out into the kraal. As he ran for the open plain Ssusstilha followed, frantic to keep her daughter safe. 

Clot'ilda didn't hesitate once they were gone. She took her deq'istle, snapped out the stock and charged into the chaos in the slaughter yard. Four of the massive machines were swatting aside the hunters who came to attack them. Another was raking the guts of the dead monster into a container. 

Clot'ilda knew she didn't stand a chance, but she had better odds than the Fauns with their stone tipped weapons. Ducking behind a jumble of sticks and scorched hides that had been a hut she took aim at the nearest of the things and let fly with her weapon on full auto at less than fifteen meters. One after another her rounds impacted the armored skin, stitching a series of tiny craters across one of its four legs and up into the torso. The thing spun to face her and she changed her point of aim, firing into what she took to be its faceplate. Pieces of crystal flew from the impacts of her rounds and a trickle of water seeped down its massive chest. Throwing up an armored tentacle to protect itself the thing staggered back. Clot'ilda kept firing, her mouth spread into a feral snarl. She had hurt it and she would not allow it to escape. Again and again she fired at its most vulnerable places. Her rounds struck the joints between the armored plates. Water spurted from a few impacts where her rounds penetrated, only to be instantly cut off as the armor sealed itself. 

Clot'ilda moved from behind her cover, pressing her attack. She dodged behind the hanging carcass of the water monster and fired another burst. Suddenly her weapon went dead, its magazine empty. Frantically, she reached to her belt for the spare, but as she did one of the other attackers turned its weapon on her and fired. 

*********** 

Liam and Tem'Ma'tel were passing fleeing villagers as they finally reached the kraal. Fires yet burned and many cries of grief and pain emanated from the village, but the enemy had gone. The marines had watched in impotent rage and dread as the armored forms had calmly turned and slipped into the stream, disappearing under the fast flowing current. 

Liam reined in at the entrance and leapt to the ground alongside Tem'Ma'tel. Both had their weapons at the ready, but there was nothing left for them to fight. Without hesitation they ran for the hut where they knew Clot'ilda had been, only to find it empty. Liam slammed his fist into the wooden frame and spat a curse, but Tem'Ma'tel looked to the ground. 

"SarJ'ant, tracks!" she said, pointing at the dirt. Liam saw the distinct prints of Clot'ilda's small feet mixed with the hoof prints of the Fauns. He nodded and they followed them to the slaughter yard where the fight had been fierce. Wounded and dead Fauns lay on the ground. Some moaned and others lay still. Arrows and spears lay in the dirt with their tips shattered and their shafts broken. Still clutching his club and with a shield on his arm, the chief lay with a broken neck, one of his horns snapped off from the blow that had killed him. 

"Christ on his cross!" Liam swore. "Where is she?" 

"Here, SarJ'ant," Tem'Ma'tel said and held up a deq'istle, its magazine ejected. 

"Stupid kid," he growled. "She should have run with the rest." 

"Clot'ilda First of Household SarJ'ant," Tem'Ma'tel said seriously. "She no run. I no run." 

Liam nodded somberly. Anger, frustration and fear for his wife all warred for dominance and clouded his thoughts. There had to be something he could do. Some way he could save her. 

"Her radio!" he said the instant he thought of it. "Do you see her radio anywhere?" 

They scanned the ground urgently, hope rising with the thin thread of possibility. 

"No radio, SarJ'ant," Tem'Ma'tel said. "Hut! I look." 

"Go on," he said and activated his suit com. "Clot'ilda, are you there, Babydoll?" 

The channel was live, but only silence answered him. He ran a scan for the radio's signature and found it, though the signal was weak as if it were shielded by something. He turned up the gain on the transceiver and called up his locator. The radio was already three kilometers away to the southwest and moving away fast. 

"No radio," Tem'Ma'tel reported when she returned. 

"I know," he replied. "I think she still has it, but the signal is weak and she didn't respond when I called." 

"She no dead, SarJ'ant," Tem'Ma'tel stated firmly as though it were an incontrovertible fact. 

"No. She isn't dead," he agreed. "We need weapons. Come on." 

"Sergeant Carter, are you there? Over," M'pel E'kmel called over her radio. 

"I'm here," he said. "Clot'ilda is gone. I think they took her." 

"What were they?" she asked intently. "Did you get a look at them? Over." 

"Something big," he told her. "Five of them. They were three meters tall, armored, four legs. One arm was like a tentacle and the other had some kind of weapon. I think they're using projected energy guns. They killed the chief and a bunch of the other Fauns. Looks like most of the villagers escaped, though. Over." 

"I can see that," the commander said. "I'm halfway to the village with Charlie. I will join you shortly." 

"We're headed back to the villa," said Liam. "We're going for weapons and then we're going after them. Join us there. We're going to need every shooter we can get." 

"Sergeant, you can't do that." 

"The hell I can't, Commander!" Liam snapped. "She's alive. I'm getting her back and you are going to help." 

"I have more information on these things, if you will listen to me," she said, desperate to stop him from getting killed. 

"Good," he said mounting the landstrider. "Anything that can help me kill them, I'll take. Out." 

M'pel E'kmel looked at her radio. Liam had cut the transmission before she could say more. Turning to Charlie she stopped and said, "Charlie, go. Help." 

Chhal blinked frightened eyes at Oldwife and nodded. He was about to run to the village, but she put a hand on his shoulder and looked him in the eyes. 

"Charlie, be careful," she said gently, then hugged him. 

Chhal was confused for a heartbeat, but he returned the hug. Oldwife was afraid for him and right then it seemed she needed a hug as much as he did. She patted his back softly and then let him go. Chhal went off at a run and M'pel E'kmel turned her steps towards the villa. 

She found the plaza empty when she came through its gates. She had to lean on the post to catch her breath before continuing inside. M'pel E'kmel knew where her companions would be and made for the armory. Inside Liam and Tem'Ma'tel were field stripping the fero-plas rifles and slapping them back together. Tem'Ma'tel was wearing Liam's spare EP 12's on her hips and had a deq'istle slung across her back. 

"Good," Liam said as soon as he saw M'pel E'kmel come through the door. "Take this and one of the pistols. And get a couple of magazines from the box." 

She accepted the big rifle and slung it over her shoulder even as he turned away to finish reassembling the rifle he'd been working on. 

"Liam, listen to me," M'pel E'kmel said in a steady voice. Her breathing was returning to normal, but she still felt overwhelmed. Things had gone to hell so fast. "You can't beat them like this." 

"We will," he insisted. "We'll beat them and get her back." 

"How do you know she is even alive?" she demanded. 

"She's alive," Liam insisted. 

"Clot'ilda is alive, Commander," Tem'Ma'tel snarled. She had never been insubordinate to a superior in her entire life, but with the cold fury running through her veins, she didn't care. Someone had taken her sister from her and she was going to get Clot'ilda back. 

"Both of you listen to me for a moment!" M'pel E'kmel said desperately. "You said there were five of them. Our intelligence says that's an infiltration team. They'll have a ship. It will have weapons. Most likely Clot'ilda is being taken to it. You don't know where it is." 

"Somewhere to the southwest," Liam said and finished putting the rifle back together. He snapped a magazine into it and stood to face her. "That's where we are going right the fuck now, Commander. Let's get the animals saddled and get a move on."  

"Stop!" she pleaded. "Please listen. They are too powerful. Even in your armor, with these weapons, you don't stand a chance." 

"We don't have time to fuck around," he growled and pushed past her. "Come on, Tem'Ma'tel." 

"You do have time!" M'pel E'kmel said and grabbed his arm, forcing him to face her. "You do have time. We have had people taken prisoner before. We were able to rescue a few of them, it took an entire special operations team. Even with air support and tactical artillery." 

"What else?" Liam asked, his anger burning hot in his eyes. "What else can you tell me? Where are they weak? Tell me how we can hurt them." 

"You can't win!" M'pel E'kmel said, desperate to stop him from getting killed. 

"Tell me how I can hurt them!" he snapped and stepped in close so that they were no more than a hand's breadth apart. "Tell me how to kill them, Commander." 

"You can't," she said, not backing down. "They will kill you! And then we'll be alone." 

"Clot'ilda is alone right now," he snarled. "She's out there. A prisoner in their hands. I'm not going to let her die without at least trying to save her!" 

"Why are males always so foolish?" M'pel E'kmel demanded of the universe. "You can't help her. They are too powerful! They'll see you coming and cut you down before you even get close." 

"Not if I kill them first," he said, iron ringing in his words. "I'm going whether or not you help." 

"You're not even sure where she is!" she all but yelled. 

"Twelve kilometers to the southwest and moving away fast," he said. "We can catch them if we get moving right now." 

"You won't catch them before they get to their ship," she argued. "Once there, they'll put Clot'ilda inside and you won't be able to get to her. They'll just close their hatches and sit tight." 

"I'll blow the hatch off and find her," Liam said, simply. 

"Their ship is filled with water," she told him. "They live in water and they fill their vessels with it. Their suits are filled with it. Clot'ilda will be in some kind of cell to keep her alive, if she is still alive." 

"Why would they take her if she were already dead?" demanded Tem'Ma'tel. Her nature allowed her to remain calmer than Liam and she was thinking through the problem. "You said they have been attacking us for a year, Commander. They will have no need for bodies to study. If Clot'ilda were dead, they would have left her in the village." 

"If she is alive they will be questioning her," M'pel E'kmel said in English so that both would understand. "Soon they will know we are here, also. More than likely, they already know we are here. They must have seen our ship from orbit. They couldn't miss it even if they were only doing a flyby." 

"Why would they do a flyby?" Liam asked, suppressing his passion and forcing himself to think. Going off halfcocked wouldn't do Clot'ilda any good. 

"I told you. They've been progressing along our borders, probing for weaknesses in our defenses," she explained. "If they detected the wreckage from the battle, they would have come to investigate this planet because it is the closest one that could support our kind of life." 

"You said they live in water," he said, rubbing his chin in thought out of habit. 

"Yes. They won't be far from it," she replied. 

"Let's have a look at your map," he said and turned for the door. 

"What do you hope to find on it?" M'pel E'kmel demanded, following him. 

Liam didn't answer as they went into her room, leaving Tem'Ma'tel in the armory. He went to M'pel E'kmel's things and rifled through them until he found the map cylinder. Rising, he turned and handed it to her. 

"Find your ship's crash site on that," he said insistently. 

She glowered at him, but did as he wished. With a flick of her thumbs she zoomed in on the grid where her vessel had gone down. 

"We crashed here," she said. "Your pod should be in this area with the denser canopy." 

Liam examined the map for a minute before putting his finger on a spot not far from the crash site. 

"Take a look at this area, Commander," he said, pointing to a place to the south of the crash site and handed the map back to her. 

"It's outside the forest," she said, not understanding what he was getting at. 

"They live in water," he said. "That's a marsh. It's to our southwest. The stream the village sits next to runs into it. It looks pretty deep and those things were moving fast. On land they seemed kind of slow to me, so I figure they're in the water. If the stream is deep enough, there's no reason they couldn't take it all the way down to the marsh." 

"But their ship would be heavy," she argued. "They couldn't land it there." 

"If they live in water, I'm willing to bet their ships are designed specifically to land in water," he countered. "We land on solid ground because we live on solid ground. They'll be in that marsh." 

"Even if they are, and even if you find them, you still can't approach without them detecting you," she said. "And if, somehow, you get to their ship, you still have no way of getting inside. It will be sealed. Our weapons are not powerful enough to blow the hatch off of a spacecraft." 

"Grenades," Tem'Ma'tel said from the doorway. "We need grenades, Commander." 

"Those are still on our ship," M'pel E'kmel said shaking her head. "We can't get to them. The radiation has contaminated the entire vessel by now. And grenades aren't powerful enough to blast a hatch off." 

"How are your grenades stored?" Liam asked. 

"They're in a case," M'pel E'kmel said. "It's about half the size of the one with the spare magazines. But you can't get to the case. The entire ship is contaminated. Don't you understand?" 

"The ammo case is hardened against radiation," he said. "I saw the symbol on the inside of the lid." 

"That doesn't matter. You can't go inside the ship without dying," she argued. 

"Sure I can," snorted Liam. "My suite is designed to resist a reactor breach. I've fought pitched battles in one of these aboard destroyers and carriers with breached cores. Just six months ago I was in a boarding action on one of your cruisers with both of its reactors cracked wide open. I'm still here." 

"And what happens when you come out?" she demanded. "Your armor will be irradiated. If you take it off you'll be exposed! You'll get sick or maybe even die." 

"No I won't." Liam's mouth spread into a grim smile. "The suit has a purge system built into it. I almost threw the kit away to save weight. Glad I didn't." 

"And what about the case?" she asked evenly. "The contents will be safe, but the case's exterior will be contaminated." 

"I can leave it behind," he said. "I'll pull the grenades out and toss them away from the ship. They won't be exposed for long and whatever they do get exposed to will only be residual radiation. They'll be safe to carry for as long as we need them. Hell, we can put them inside the ammo crate until we get to the enemy ship, if you want. That'll protect us from anything that might be clinging to them." 

"But the grenades won't be enough to get inside," she insisted, her resistance beginning to wear down. 

"What about the scuttling charge, Commander?" Tem'Ma'tel asked. "It never went off. We could pull it out of the engineering compartment and configure one of our radios into a remote detonator." 

"What was that?" Liam asked, seeing how Tem'Ma'tel's words had made M'pel E'kmel pause in thought. The commander explained the idea to him and he nodded, his grim smile returning. "That might work. How powerful is the charge?" 

"Not very," M'pel E'kmel told him. "It only needs to be strong enough to cause the crystal to burst. The energy released from the drive is what actually destroys the ship." 

"Any idea why the charge didn't go off?" he asked. 
