 The room was hot and damp, and the sticky stench of something nearly rank hung in the air of the tiny apartment, the smell emitted by something that felt out-of-place in such a quaint and well-kept abode. The dead bolts on the door were locked, the key tucked safely in denim jeans draped haphazardly on a nearby stool, the windows closed and the canvas drapes kept secret any risqué business from the prying eyes of curious neighbors. Such was the reality of living in a street where the road was nary 25 feet wide separating one's window from the apartment across one's own, and one was always careful to conceal any illicit affairs occurring in one's own 'happy' domicile.

The sound of quiet muttering and petty squabbling permeated into the thin walls, surely alerting any neighbor who might care enough to listen to such sounds that made absolutely no sense at all. That and the constant sound of moist skin slapping against each other to a steady, sometimes erratic beat tempted the mind's eye into conjuring up lustful images of whatever suited the curious wonderer. It got to a point where the sounds mixed into a wondrous, if somewhat arousing, chorus all on its own. If one listened carefully, the sound of a squeaking bed, moist slapping skin, various grunting and muttering, the occasional lewd comments about being tight and the concurring response, the vain protests and the throaty roars of impending orgasms.

Saharan, disgusted as she was, caressed the tip of the knobby green member that was being pushed up to her face quite incessantly after having sucked sparingly on the throbbing rod already for the past few minutes or so. Unwashed hands gripped at the sides of her head, urging her down onto the angry phallus that threatened to put out one violet eye if she hadn't heeded to what the owner demanded. She wrapped her luscious lips around of the green head, to which a ginger suckling proceeded thereafter, struggling to keep that cock at the entrance of her mouth despite the violent rutting of the other creature behind of her that threatened to push her further onto the cock that she was orally attending to already.

She gasped sharply, squealing and moaning throatily as she was pushed yet to another electrifying orgasm, the sounds produced by which muffled and subdued by what was already in her mouth. She panted and gasped through it all, sweat dripping in fat droplets from her black, matted hair down to her formerly-clean sheets between her hands, joined there by the nectar that ran down in slow rivulets along her creamy thighs. A pair of grubby hands, thick and hard with calloused skin released their perch from her hips and found their way up to her juddering breasts and squeezed firmly, nearly to the point of causing her pain, but it was all so far away now, and she only felt what was on either end of her, or rather, what was inside of her. One motion of green hips from behind and she was pushed further and further onto the stiff cock that was in front of her, threatening to choke her on its thick girth and relatively significant length.

'Ohhhh fuuuuck! Oh gods!' Saharan pulled back sharply from the cock and squealed, pushed over the edge due to the incessant pumping of the ork behind her who thoroughly embedded his knobbed rod deep into her velvety depths.

'Hawhawhaw! She's a squealuh' isn't she, Griblet?' the rutting ork exclaimed to his companion, landing a firm slap on the elf girl's ivory rump, and leaving an angry red imprint on where the hand impacted.

'Yeah, yeah!' came the response, said the ork who'd been holding her head firmly between those calloused hands, one of which was now jerking violently his stiff rod and causing an outpouring of sludgy cum to erupt from the tip onto Saharan's face.

Some sprayed into her panting mouth, a bit stung at her eyes while the rest covered her rosy cheeks in its disgusting taste and pungent aroma. She felt it all, and her mind felt like it was going to die from all the sensations pouring into her brain. She wanted to gag because of what she tasted on her tongue, but the undeniable presence of that cock pumping in and out of her pussy, and the rough fingers tweaking her pert nipples was just too much, even though the thought of it all disgusted her to the point of just shutting herself away from everything outside. The spunk on her face she wiped off with her right hand, sparing a defiant and envenomed glance up at the ork who was kneeling in front of her, but ultimately not being able to say much of anything at all, and spitting out the seed that found itself on her tongue.

The ork was just amused by the look she gave him, savoring the domination he'd have in these few hours afforded to him in her monetary needs. He chuckled once, and yanked on his cock again and it responded by letting out a single spurt of jizz that landed on Saharan's eye, and she hissed at the stinging sensation it caused her, shutting the eyelid as tight as she could manage in a knee-jerk reaction.

Gromet, the ork behind of her doing the rutting finally let out a deep and throaty roar, whilst thrusting his hips in a frenzied manner a few times - causing Saharan to cry out in surprise and slight pain – before unloading a large amount of hot semen into her sopping pussy. Saharan felt it too. The suddenly hot and liquidy sensation proliferating in the tiny space inside her sex. It made her shudder. A large amount of it actually escaped from the tight space between her vaginal walls and the side of the cock, running down her thighs and staining the crusty bed sheets. Gromet pulled his throbbing cock from out of her overstretched pussy, allowing the large amount of mixed liquids inside of her to slosh out in a messy mini waterfall of sexual juices. He jerked his softening cock a few times, getting out every last drop of cum out and spraying the remainder onto the puffy opening that it had just parted from. Every last bit dripped longingly down those vaginal lips. Those beautiful lips that he'd claimed for himself for the time being. Saharan felt it too, and the sensation made her skin crawl and caused shivers to run up and down her spine despite herself.

Gromet stared at her ass for a few good long moments, observing the red hand mark contrasted against the ivory skin where goose bumps had already formed, and he'd noticed that his dick was up again.

'Oi, you want to play again, eh?' asking his dick and chuckling, embedding it in one swift movement back into that velvety entrance, causing Saharan to squeal and moan out loud, rocking back to meet it with full force.

'Gods, I hate both you two… ugh… I really do,' Saharan managed to utter weakly, but with all the conviction she could muster despite the delicious sensations coursing through her body clouding her better judgment and causing conflicting emotions to rise to the surface, glaring unkindly up at Griblet through pleasure-glazed eyes.

'Tch! Just keep in mind Saharan that I'm practically supporting you already!' came the retort from Griblet, his ego smarting at such a remark from Saharan.

'Bad circumstances don't last forever, Griblet, ohhh gods… and when ahhh… find wor-' Griblet cut her off before she could finish by grabbing handfuls of her black hair and pulling her face down to the level of his hairy testicles.

'Uhuh, please tell that to my testicles while you suck on 'em,' and he'd made motion for her to proceed. Frustrated and pleasured at the same time, Saharan was quite easy to manipulate. This was found out by the relatively dim-witted Griblet, and he'd inadvertently shared this tasty bit of information with his flat-mate, Gromet.

With a cloud of mist hobbling her judgment, Saharan obediently began sucking and nibbling the salty testicles, treating them to the warm and slick pleasure that her tongue afforded. She'd gotten well accustomed to being taken from behind, and the constant pumping behind her disturbed her not one bit as she ran her tongue across Griblet's nut sack, moaning every so often each time she'd felt closer and closer to orgasm again, and she enveloped one testicle in her lips and began to suckle like a babe on its mom's teat. She wouldn't admit it to anyone, even herself, but this whole naughty business with Griblet was something she enjoyed tremendously. A guilty pleasure, if you will. That these two dimwits, orks, even, not worth cleaning the muck from her bathroom floor, have the pleasure of taking her like a common whore. She giggled in her mind, thinking that this was all so naughty! Oh, she certainly couldn't tell her parents about this either! They'd disown her for sure.

She was shocked back from her naughty thoughts by as rough thrust from behind, forcing a cry of mixed pleasure and surprise to escape from her lips, leaving her mouth gaping wide. The ever-opportunistic Griblet, seeing this, yanked her hair up and drove his stiff rod into her awaiting mouth and muffling out any further cries that may have issued forth from her throat.

'Dat's a good girl, yeah, take it all in deep,' soothed Griblet, albeit sarcastically, more sadistically than anything else, all ready to let loose another heavy load of his spunk into whatever orifice of Saharan that he managed to get it in to. He thrust his hips forward slowly, feigning care as he slid his knobby rod into Saharan's resisting mouth and felt the back of her throat against the head before altogether losing it and experiencing orgasm again.

Saharan was about to shoot him another envenomed glare before a sudden flood of disgusting sexual fluids that streamed unhindered down her throat and gullet caused her to gag and spasm. So copious was the amount that it looked like she'd puked out a whole meal despite the rod in her mouth.

'Oh yeah…' muttered Gromet, increasing his thrusting as he saw what had just happened up front, finding it all too arousing to be left behind, and he started to spank at Saharan's ass continuously now, before leaning over and grabbing both of her breasts in both hands and kneading them in his calloused palms, his sobering tongue coming out and toying with the pointed end of her right ear down to her earlobe. Saharan coughed, moaned, squealed, squirmed and had an orgasm, her tight cunt squeezing and milking Gromet's cock and causing him to orgasm as well. 

He slobbered all over the back of her neck, issuing forth more lewd slurs while he exploded inside of her, filling her insides with what looked like a cup-full of spunk, a large portion of which squirted out from Saharan's hole. She, on the other hand, was pushed forward so hard that her nose was buried in Griblet's red pubic mound that emitted a stench that could best be described as unwashed sweaty underwear, and she wondered fleetingly about when the last time Griblet could have showered. Probably not in a while now, she told herself, and she was forced to breath through her nose while it was buried an inch deep in those curly hairs.

As suddenly as it was shoved into her mouth, the prick was yanked out in a wash of saliva and other types of unmentionable fluids, and she took in a lungful of humid air that was like a mountain breeze compared to what her nose had just been subjected to. She could feel rough hands yanking her up by the armpit, and the rod that was previously jammed into her vagina slid out in a slurry of sexual juices. It all happened to fast, but not fast enough to not feel that same gnarled rod being shoved into her rump. The pain was sharp, and it bit into her spine like a dog bites into a bone, and Saharan sputtered out a cry from the pain as much as from surprise as the green cock buried itself hilt-deep into her out-hole.

Grib, eager as ever, leaned down and began slobbering over her pert breasts, rubbing his calloused hands over the soft and smooth skin of Saharan's hips, running them down to the rear of her knees which he spread and lifted until she was spread eagled between the two orks. Still emitting sounds betraying pain, pleasure and a host of other sensations, Saharan was jerked up and down like a rag doll between the two, head tilted back, mouth agape, she pulled Grib's head tighter against her chest as he began sucking on her left nipple, as if nursing and expecting milk to flow forth from her breasts.

It didn't come as a surprise what happened next, and Saharan had already felt that large dick of Grib poking around beneath of her, experimenting, looking around for an entrance before she was lowered in concerto with Grom's down-stroke, and she was spit like a side of meat for a large feast.

Like a rag doll being played by a rough 8 year old suffering from ADHD, Saharan was jerked around between the two green bodies, and she struggled to keep a hold of the ork's shoulders before her while either one ravaged her like there was no tomorrow. She could feel their stiff, thick rods pistoning in and out of her holes alternately, and she began to cry out from the sensations, causing her to dig her nails into skin, her toes curling and flexing in the sheer pleasure of what she was feeling.

Quickly, she grabbed one breast with one hand and began pinching the erect nipple, shaking her head as if in denial that all of this was happening, or just from being fucked so hard. She wanted to cup her other breast, but this was already in the palm of one green hand whose owner she was not sure of, and neither did she care at the moment as she finally felt that overwhelming surge welling up from deep within her very being. It was the feint promise of something that would last forever, and she willed it to come, practically begging for it to take her whole and never let go.

As if on cue, Saharan's orgasm took her, promising all of the excesses and hedonistic pleasures the world could offer in a single, ever lasting moment that seemed to go on forever, that tingling sensation that accompanied it coursed through her entirety, and Saharan was screaming in sheer pleasure, her body spasming, her hips working of their own accord as she fought every thrust the two orks gifted her with, trying to drive their cocks deeper and harder into her holes with each stroke.

'Oh, fuck yessss…,' Saharan hissed through gritted teeth, in between loud moans, letting out lewd retorts that left little to the wildest imaginations.

Then, as quickly as it had come, it was gone. Ebbing away like some unfulfilled promise, one last dying breath or the spirit escaping its earthly vessel, the sensation of pure joy was gone, and she was left panting and shaking all over, draped between the two like some wet laundry left to dry.

The two were just finishing, and Grib pulled out of Saharan's pussy at the last moment, her hole letting out a large discharge of greenish fluids while the cock that had dust impaled it a second earlier began pulsating, spurting out a few large gouts of jizz that stuck to Saharan's belly, breasts and crotch. Grom hadn't even bothered pulling out, instead opting to fill the inside of the hole his cock occupied with his own seed, and Saharan could feel the full warmth coating her insides, as if someone had poured hot syrup into her rear through a funnel.

Saharan practically collapsed down onto her bed once the two orks disengaged from either end of her, slumping down chest first with her behind slowly following suit as her knees gave way and she was left panting and wide-eyed. The other two found themselves turning their heads towards a digital alarm clock that sat nearby, seeing that their lunch break was about 20 minutes closer to finishing, and they'd quickly gathered up their grubby belongings and bolted out the door without so much as saying thanks, but leaving a wad of twenties by the front door, on top of a table stand.

The door shut rather loudly, and Saharan was left with a bit of time to digest what exactly had just happened, but to no avail. It was more rather a blur of things that one coherent stream of memories. Was it even real? Ah, maybe she'd have the luxury of thinking that none of this was real at all. But by the gods, if none of this were real, then the guilty pleasures she'd just indulged in weren't real either. Ah, she'd leave that to her future self in 20 minutes, she thought.

She allowed herself the luxury of lounging about for a few minutes, hearing her joints creak and pop while she stretched out to relax some tired muscles before finally rising to her feet nimbly, only to be surprised by a sudden outwash of greenish fluids from between her legs that ran in rivulets down her thighs and forming a large puddle at her feet. She stared at the puddle, her hazy thoughts not offering much of an explanation before she muttered to herself some incoherent words about a bumbling ork not being able to impregnate an elegant elf such as herself.

'I'll clean that up later,' she mumbled to herself quietly, making a mental note so as not to forget and made way for her bathroom, quite in a daze, still, and her mind swimming in a lake of confusion and just barely managing to stay afloat.

The mirror was there, gleaming and shiny and she'd run the faucet before gargling a mouthful of astringent and water just to rid herself of the terrible after-taste of Griblet's semen, wiping off the thin crust around of her red lips with a small towel.

Who was that in the mirror? The woman that stared back at her was a beautiful one, she thought, but no one she recognized in all honesty. She was all grimy, her jet-black hair all matted with sweat and other unmentionable bodily fluids, she had a minor cut on her lip that dripped ruby red and her violet eyes looked far too old for the face that framed them. She cupped her breasts in her hands, both feeling quite sore from the abuse rendered upon them by the rough hands of that brutish Gromet, and her pink nipples were looking angrier than normal, she noted. Boy were they sore, and Saharan hissed sharply as she discovered a tiny cut on the edge of her sore areola that stung badly at the slightest prod from her fingers. It was but a tiny thing, something akin to a paper cut, causing goose bumps to form around the minute lesion.

'Ah shit… if I wasn't getting paid to do this I'd have those two bleeding on the floor the next time they come around,' she hissed, biting her lip while she dabbed a cloth with alcohol on the tiny cut to clean it. Both those bastards worked with heavy industry, and she doubted if either one of them even bothered to wash their hands before ravishing her like a couple of sex-starved inmates who'd just gotten out of solitary after 50 years in the dark.

Whatever the case may have been, she virtually confined herself between a rock and a hard place, not realizing that she'd practically chained herself with her own choices, 'If I'd only listened to mom, I don't think I'd be this way,'

The water certainly felt nice, hot and steaming as it ran down every curve of her body, cleansing the silky smoothness of any filth that may have accumulated during her recent romp with those two blockheads, scrubbing where the sun didn't shine and down between her toes. It must have glossed over her mind, but she barely noticed the water at her feet running slightly brown and green at the bottom of her tub, and she grimaced at the thought of that sludge actually touching her at all.

'Once I find a job and those two come around expecting sex I am going to have a field day kicking their asses all the way back to kingdom come,' she spat, almost enjoying the visions she saw of herself beating the crap out of those two with a baseball bat and a pair of steel-toed boots. She chuckled audibly, and then sighing out once the weight of it all descended on her, and she'd grabbed her soft blue towel before running through her routine of drying up. Daintily, she stepped out of her shower; towel wrapped about her waist, and made her way back to her mirror.
