 Urban Oddballs: Masked Toys 

Note: CDG= Custom. Desire. Girl

Edited by Thegreat_pretender

"Gaxi Girl, are you awake?" Shawky asked, sitting on the edge of the little woman's bed.

"Hmm, yeah Shawky, what's up?" Gaxi yawned, looking up at her roommate with blurry vision as she rubbed the sleep out of her eyes.

"Don't worry, no one's here yet," Shawky assured her as she tapped her fingernails against a black book. Gaxi squinted at it, adjusting her eyes to the early morning light.

"What's that, Shawky?"

"Well the weirdness surrounding Annry got me thinking. I haven't been completely honest with you."

"What do you mean, Shawky?" Gaxi asked, confused.

"Well, I'm more like you than I originally let on," Shawky said, before opening the book to point at a picture of a woman with long blue hair and a bewildered face. "I'm a Custom Desire Girl, or more commonly known as, a CDG."

"What's that, Shawky?" Gaxi asked, concerned as to what the arrangement of constants could spell for her dear friend.

"Well, let's just say I too was made for the purpose of pleasing others, and this right here was me."

"You cut your hair!" Gaxi said, looking on in star struck amazement at the photo of Shawky sporting girlish twin pigtails. Shawky giggled.

"Yes, yes, I cut my hair. Though that and, well, what you've seen me do, is a part of me expressing my individuality. But much like you, I have a chip in my body."

Shawky turned, her back facing Gaxi as she pointed to the bump at the bottom of her neck that was tattooed in an abundance of ornate swirls and foliage.

"No offense, but I'm not really sure how Miblins work. Though from watching you the rules seem to be the same," she teased Gaxi, booping her on the nose. "However, from my experience when a CDG is 'grown', I guess, there's a 95% chance that they'll gain enough knowledge through personal interactions with the world to become a real person, and not a meat puppet that fulfills sexual desires.

Gaxi listened, hanging onto Shawky's every word.

"But he'd this, Gaxi Girl. From my research people like us who were objects for sexual release can lose themselves and be put back there. This is why I've given you protection as well as myself, because even though I am reformed my chip can be reactivated at any time, and a code can be entered that resets me to the 'factory default' as it was. After that, there's no coming back..."

Shawky continued, her eyes fixed onto Gaxi's with great warning.

"So for me, all of my memories would be gone, my contract would be voided so both Bizzy and my abilities would vanish, my hair would grow back, and I would just be an empty headed, pot-bound teen. I would go back to wearing pink school girl clothes and silly animal backpacks. Then one of these assholes on the street will pick me up and program me to call him 'daddy."

She shuddered at the mention of the word.

"So I tell you this to say be careful, because I can imagine you have shared similar horrors and don't wish to return to them, right?"

Gaxi, now frightened, nodded.

"I didn't think so, Gaxi Girl, now go back to sleep. There's a big day ahead of us.

***

Annry sat back in her easy chair, tapping the headset in her ear and turning off the device.

"Well now, I didn't know that...bugging her house sure did prove useful, let's try searching for a pregnant CDG in their database," she said to herself, typing away on her computer while taking a brief respite to sip her coffee. She soon stumbled across something.

"Okay, so here we go. Her real name was Shawna, and her primary functions were to serve her master who had a pregnancy fetish. Her womb was rented for those who needed a surrogate, so she's a fuck balloon and a baby factory. Alright..."

Annry browsed through the rest of Shawky's documented history, sipping her coffee all the while.

"Okay, so she did have a systems check phrase. Though I doubt that's going to work on her since she's reformed, and that protection she mentioned isn't going to help things either. Let's see..."

Annry logged on to her favorite search engine 'Gobble' and typed 'How to bypass protection spells on recall chips'.

***

Later that day, the party made their way to the park to deal with a disturbance they marked on "Quest Me."

"Okay, so where is this gargoyle dude, Gaxi?" Annry asked, looking over Gaxi's shoulder as the party walked into the park.

"Um, it says that he was causing trouble near the "Maiden of Glory" statue. Oh, I guess that's..."

Before them a gargoyle in shabby clothes was humping the female statue, while onlookers pointed and laughed.

"Well, he's having a good time. Though perhaps we should have taken the other goose mission that was posted today," Shawky said, rubbing her belly.

"Hey grandad, can you stop desecrating the statue please?" Zeba asked, a bit disgusted by the old gargoyle's vile display.

"Ehhh, shut up lamb chop, you're next," he said, shaking his fist.

"You dirty bastard! Annry, shoot 'em!"

"Um, I don't think arrows are going to work...but okay, I guess?" Annry said, readying her arrow and firing. The arrow made contact with the old gargoyle, but bounced off his stone hard skin.

"Ehh, little mouse bitch I'm gonna fuck you next!" The gargoyle yelled, before going into a coughing fit and wheezing for a few minutes.

"Maybe we can lure him about with prunes or something?" Gaxi asked, scratching her head in thought.

"A granny smith apple, my favorite after-fuck snack!" the gargoyle mumbled, swooping down to grab Gaxi.

"Oh no, Gaxi Girl!" Shawky yelled as the old guy flew off with her.

"Well shit, I guess I'm useless in this situation," Annry said, looking up at the gargoyle circling overhead.

"He's gumming at my hair, someone do something!" Gaxi cried, drool running down her face.

"Oh no, she just washed her hair! Okay, this has gone on far enough!" Shawky yelled, grabbing her belly, and shooting out nine willow-o-wisps. They materialized into skeletal woodpeckers, which took off and attacked the gargoyle by pecking at his hard flesh.

"Ahh damn pigeons, trying to make me lose my noisy apple, quit it!" He grumbled, the undead birds throwing him off balance. "No, no, no!"

He yelled out as he began to fall to the ground.

"Ahhh!" Gaxi cried as the gargoyle lost his grip on her.

"I got her!" Annry said, shooting an arrow at Gaxi. The arrow exploded into a net that wrapped around her and lodged itself into a tree.

"Whew, that was close," Shawky sighed, her woodpeckers returning to her.

"Yeah nice save Annry, but what do we do with him?" Gaxi asked. The party looked at the grandpa gargoyle as he lay on the pavement, unconscious.

"Well girls picture time, I guess," Annry shrugged, helping Gaxi down from the tree. Zeba prepared the camera as everyone gathered around the unconscious senior.

"Cheese everyone!"

The group smiled as the shot was taken, Gaxi putting her fingers behind her head and imitating rabbit ears.

Soon after, the group left the park and made their way to a diner across the street. Annry followed behind everyone else, checking her phone to see if the money had been transferred yet. She took a moment to look up from her phone and stare in disgust at Gaxi's fat gelatinous ass shifting up and down in her grey boy shorts as she walked.

'Why does everything she wear turn into a thong?' Annry thought, glaring at the garment wedged in between the massive cheeks of cellulite riddled flesh.

Entering the diner the group took a seat in a booth while they waited to be served. Annry scrolled through her phone.

"Okay, so it's still rather early in the day, are we doing another one or are we calling it a wrap?" She asked, yawning.

"I mean I'm free, my bro doesn't have to go to work until tonight so I have a sitter for the rest of the day," Zeba shrugged.

"Wow, you have a brother?!" Gaxi squealed, most excited to learn more about her friend.

"Oh, I've never mentioned him? Well while I'm out with ya'll he watches my babies," Zeba replied.

"How old are your children, Zeba?" Annry asked, a cold demeanor washing over her face.

"Oh, um, they're all 18!"

Everyone's eyes widened.

"Wait, so they're a year younger than Shawky and I?" Annry questioned, raising a brow.

"Well yeah, ya'll are nineteen. I guess it might sound odd, but, um...they aren't like me..."

"What do you mean?" Gaxi asked, her eyes aglow with childish innocence.

"Oh, well since this is a different age now you girls wouldn't know. Animal girls like myself were raised to breed offspring with plush bodies and little brains. This worked all too well for my babies, so they need to be tended to when I'm away," Zeba explained.

"Oh Zeba, I'm sorry, but at least they're happy, right?

"So, is your brother the father?" Annry questioned.

"That's a bit private, don't you think Annry Girl?" Shawky protested, waving the waitress over to take their order.

"No, no its fine, incest has always been a common practice among all bestial peoples, and to answer your question, yes he is, though we aren't married." Zeba said, waving off Shawky's protest. Annry nodded

"Yeah, I figured, my parents are mother and son."

"Is your dad hot?" Gaxi giggled.

"Yeah which is why I fucked him and gave him two daughters," Annry replied.

"Woah Annry Girl, I didn't know you were a mom!" Shawky clapped. "What are their names?"

"I'm not and I don't care," Annry said, scowling at her. Gaxi's smile morphed into a frown.

"What do you mean Annry?"

Annry brushed her silver hair back away from her brown face.

"Rodent mothers are fat globs of breasts who only care about fucking, I am not. Plain and simple."

The tension set by Annry was so thick that you could cut it with a knife, until a sweet country twanging voice interrupted them.

"Sorry for the wait gals, I'll be taking your order now!"

"Coffee," Annry said, crossing her arms.

"I'll have a hamburger and a strawberry milkshake," Gaxi clapped.

"I'll have the same," Shawky nodded, rubbing her belly.

"Eh, I'll just take a small salad," Zeba shrugged. The waitress marked the orders on her pad and repeated them.

"Okay, so two burgers, two strawberry milkshakes, a coffee and a small salad?" She asked. The group nodded, confirming the order. Receiving that all was well, the waitress went off to send her order to the chef.

"Umm, so Annry, do mouse girls grow up faster than satyrs or other bestial people?" Zeba asked, treading light as possible as to not to anger the brown mouse.

"Well, we reach adulthood quickly but aging slows once we're about thirty or so."

"Oh wow, that's cool!" Gaxi cheered.

"So, moving on, let's see...oh, there's a fetch quest for a necklace here on "Quest Me". That's a good mission to end the day off on, don't you think, leader?" Annry asked, smiling. The waitress returned with the party's food, carrying four plates in her arms and hands with a surprising amount of poise.

"Alright gals here's your grub, whenever you're ready call me over and I'll give you all the bill."

Everyone thanked the waitress and began eating.

"Yeah I think that's good, I've had enough action for today," Gaxi mumbled, munching down on her burger. Zeba laughed as she chewed her lettuce,

"I bet, was getting nibbled by that old fart kind of gross?" Zeba cringed.

"Yeah but I'm going wash my hair as soon as I get home," Gaxi replied, running her hands through her hair. Sometime after the meal was done Annry called the waitress over, who walked over with a smile.

"Hello again y'all, I hope you enjoyed the meal!" She smiled. The group nodded as Annry looked up at the waitress.

"Okay, I'll be paying the bill."

The waitress whipped out her custom phone and flicked the screen, sending the document to Annry's phone. Annry transferred the bytes to the document attached and flicked it back to the waitress.

"Well alright then, thank you all for dining with 'Blue Boyz', hope to see you again!"

As the group walked out, Gaxi patted Annry on the back.

"Thanks a lot for paying, Annry!"

"You're welcome," Annry smiled at her. "So we're headed for the church of Salope d'espoir, ugh..."

"What's that?" Gaxi asked, putting her finger in her mouth.

"Oh, it's a church and home for those who worship the goddess, Salope," Shawky pointed out. Annry waved her hand at this.

"It's a whorehouse for fat sluts, but whatever. Easy mission easy pay. Let's go, once we get there we have to find someone named Oeno."

"Well shoot, if I knew we were going to the east side of town I would have just driven us there," Zeba sighed, crossing her arms.

"Nah it's alright, I've got my bus pass," Annry shrugged, flashing a yellow card.

"Wow Annry, you're always so prepared!" Gaxi applauded her.

Within little time the party was approached by a yellow bus. They got on and took their seats. The ride to the desired destination was short to the perspective so they used it as an opportunity to play games on their phones.

"Man who is this Shadow_44 person? They're super good at this!" Gaxi cried, shifting in her seat.

"I'm sure you can beat 'em, Gaxi Girl," Shawky smiled.

"Never mind your game, we're here," Annry sneered as the bus reached their stop. When they stepped off the bus they stood before two giant stone legs spread open to a long tunnel.

"Wow!" Gaxi awed, staring at the perverse structure.

"Yeah, this is the church of Salope d'espoir, Gaxi Girl," Shawky said, smiling at her.

"Well let's find Oeno and get to the bottom of this necklace business," Zeba said, leading them inside. The party advanced through the tunnel to a heavy wooden door. They stood there marveling at the fine detail of the doors' art until Annry became fed up with the mission.

"It's just a bunch of bitches giving blow jobs, gods, let's just go inside!" She yelled, pushing everyone aside.

Inside, however, was an abundance of perverse sights as women of all walks of life serviced various men and each other in large bedded pews. Moans and grunts filled the walks of the church while a huge statue of the goddess Salope oversaw it all. The party passed various orgies as they walked up to the hall, Shawky's bare feet pitter pattering against the tiles of the exotic floor. Annry took notice of her.

'She looks almost like she's a part of this place, her body is a bloated and as decorated as the décor of the gaudy place' She thought. Gaxi scratched her head

"Why are all these women blonde and wearing white? She asked, looking around at the orgies around them.

"Mmm, ahhh, that is a sign of our devotion little Miblin cutie," a sultry voice said.

The party was approached by a very tall and very curvy blonde woman, who wore a flimsy transparent white gown and gladiator sandals, showing off her garish pedicure. Her ankle length blonde hair covered most of her face, kissing the floor as she walked.

"Woah you're big!" Gaxi gasped as she looked at the woman's chest. It dwarfed Zeba's several times over.

"Hehe, thanks baby. I'm Oeno, the one who put out the request on the app thingy."

"So do you have any leads as to where we can start looking for your necklace?" Annry asked, steering her gaze away from the obscene woman.

Oeno leaned down and brushed her blonde locks out of her face to reveal a single big blue eye. By parting her hair one could see that her nails matched the style of her feet as they too were glittery, red and garish looking. Her face was caked in heavy makeup, with a noticeable amount of purple eyeshadow accentuating her eye along with the thick eyelashes that encircled it. Upon closer observation her skin was tanned. This was made apparent by the tan lines that appeared around her breasts and pubic area.

"First let me join your party!" She lisped, parting her huge red lips. Annry reeled back, shocked by Oeno's appearance.

"You're a cyclops!"

"Annry girl don't be rude, it's most unbecoming," Shawky shook her head. Gaxi stepped forward with her little hand held out.

"Hi, I'm the leader. We would be happy to have you on board!" She smiled.

"Wonderful!" Oeno giggled, shaking Gaxi's hand. "Thanks to the blessings of my lady I am a great cleric, I hope you don't have one already."

Shawky shook her head.

"No, no, Oeno Girl we don't have one, but could you tell us as to where to start looking for your necklace?" She asked. Oeno scratched her head, as if trying to think.

"Oh, we gotta get it from my, like, old boyfriend, because he's a jerk. I'll lead the way!" She proclaimed, prancing around the party and signaling them to follow her. Having no real choice in the matter the four of them followed their cleric out of the church and onto the street.

'She's just as jelly-filled as Gaxi, great, now we're even slower as a group' Annry thought, staring at the woman's backside. The group caught up with the curvy giantess as she pranced down the street, Gaxi making an effort to walk alongside her.

"So, Oeno, what can you do?" Gaxi asked, looking up at the blonde beauty in wonder.

"Well thanks to my lady, my eye is, like, blessed to heal and junk based on how much yummy pleasure I get."

"Pleasure?" Gaxi asked, looking at her.

"Haha, you'll see. We're closing in on his house, he moved closer to the church a while ago."

Annry looked on in disgust.

"How much do you want to bet she's just some whore that can't do anything?" Annry whispered to Zeba.

"You don't know that, and we do need a cleric," Zeba whispered back, shrugging.

"Shawky can heal us already, and she puts in more work than some standard healer would," Annry hissed.

"Look, Gaxi's the leader and if she says Oeno is good, then she's good. Besides, she might surprise you."

The party reached a moderate sized house that was 4 bloacks away from the church. Oeno rang the doorbell, and the party waited a few minutes before being greeted by a large Minotaur wearing a tank top and shorts.

"Oh, Oeno, it's not Tuesday. What are you doing here?"

"I'm here for my necklace, Boris." Oeno replied. Gaxi gasped.

"You're the beef head from the registration office!" She cried, pointing in anger. Looking past his lover the minotaur laughed at the little green woman.

"Haha, so you did assemble a party. Well, a party of prostitutes."

"Yeah asshole, I got a party and friends despite what you said!" Gaxi yelled back. Shoving Oeno aside, Boris stepped out of his home and confronted the rest of the party.

"Enough of this!" He growled, taking out his phone and pointing it towards Gaxi. "Time to get rid of that bitchy attitude!"

He tapped his phone with a satisfied grin on his face, but when nothing happened that satisfied looked faded.

"What is this? This stupid mod is supposed to wipe Miblins, fuck!" He yelled. Gaxi looked at him with a smug look.

"Oh, so you ended up getting that mod after all. That's illegal ya'know," Gaxi said. Shawky smirked, satisfied that her protection worked.

'I knew I could protect you Gaxi Girl.'

"Ahhhh, uhhh!" Oeno grunted as she twisted her fat nipples, her eye beginning to water. Then, as if out of nowhere, a bolt of lightning shot out of her eye. The bolt hit Boris in the back, though he wasn't fazed.

"Ya dumb cunt, I'm immune to lightning!" He yelled, charging at Oeno and bucking into the curvy giantess at full force.

"Ahhh, ohhhh" she cried as she flew into his home, hitting a wall decorated with various picture frames. The sounds of glass could be heard shattering as the weight of the large woman's body collided with the floor and made a loud thud.

"Oh no, Oeno!" Gaxi cried as everyone else looked on in shock. Well, everyone but Annry, who stood there in apathy.

"Green Missile!" Gaxi yelled, charging at Boris. Her huge ass flew at the bull with great force. "Green Missile!" Gaxi yelled. Seeing this Boris batted the green peach with ease, grunting with satisfaction as the little green woman flew down the street.
