 Chapter 2: The First Date

Daphne looked at herself in the mirror, her red dress showing very deep cleavage, and red high heel shoes. In her brand new outfit she was ready to meet her new lover. Four days it had taken the computer to configure Jared's personality, but now he was done, and he was here, somewhere in Utopia. While he was being created she had assigned him a spacious apartment in town and had spent a whole day designing it. She had also moved Steve out of her way, assigning him to another house and giving him a memory of breaking up. Today she had randomly generated half a dozen extra characters to be at the club tonight. It would be nice for Celina to have someone too when she got too busy with her new lover. For days she had felt giddy like a kid, eager to meet Jared, and soon the moment would be there.

Celina looked really hot too when she showed up in a sparkling blue cocktail dress. Together the girls set out to the club, discussing how fun it was to be single and looking.

At Ruby's they sat down at the bar. For 11 pm on a Saturday night there were not that many people. Including the handful she made today there were about twenty men and women, drinking, talking and dancing. To Daphne it seemed like a crowd however. She hadn't seen this many characters together since last New Year celebration. 

Jared was already there, sitting alone at the other end of the bar. Daphne felt a jolt of energy going through her body as their eyes met. It was quite exciting to finally see him in the flesh, and he looked as stunningly handsome as she had hoped. She smiled briefly, and then directed her attention to Celina. She could see in the corner of her eye however he was already approaching her.

"Hello," was his first word. Daphne immediately liked his deep voice. "Do you come here often?" he asked.

"No," she shrugged playfully, "do you?"

The way he shamelessly looked her up almost made her blush. "I will now," he stated. "I'm Jared."

"Daphne." She introduced herself, quite exciting at how smoothly this was going. 

"I'm sure I'm not the first guy to tell you how stunningly hot you look, am I?"

She smiled innocently. "Oh, I think you are the first tonight." She glanced at Celina, who winked and made the 'thumbs up' gesture. A tiny bit embarrassed because Jared might have seen it, Daphne jumped off her barstool. "Dance?" she asked.

He raised an eyebrow, as if she just said something very silly. He touched her shoulder and stepped in closer, looking her right into her eyes. "How about you come home with me? I have an apartment nearby."

Daphne blinked in surprise. "Aren't you going to buy me a drink first?"

"I have plenty of drinks at my place," he smirked.

She wanted to take a step back but bumped into her barstool. "I'm not THAT easy."

"I don't take no for an answer." He suddenly sounded a bit threatening as he pinned her. He leaned in closer to speak softer in her ear. "Besides, I can tell by the look in your eyes there's nothing you want more."

She felt his lips come closer and she knew she wanted it. So badly. 

His kiss made her blood boil. It felt so hot and compelling. It was exactly what she had longed for. He grabbed her ass and deepened the kiss as he pressed his body against hers. She started to feel lighter in her head when she realised everyone was watching them. 

She was still in a daze when he grabbed her hand and dragged her out of the bar. He was completely in control, so she decided to go with him and see what he had in store for her. He took her out into the street. His place wasn't far from here. He stopped dragging her and now they just walked hand in hand. When he let go she took his hand again. His smirk was almost condescending. "You can't wait, can you?"

They entered the building and he walked up the stairs in front of her toward the front door of his apartment. When she stepped inside she took a brief moment to look around at her own design. "It's gorgeous!" she brought out.

"Is it?" he seemed to wonder, "I was thinking of getting some new furniture."

"Really?" she felt a tiny bit insulted he didn't like what she had made for him.

He didn't give her much more time to ponder upon it as he suddenly took off his shirt. She was taken off guard by the sudden partly nakedness of the man she desired, so he took his chance to grope her again, feeling her up while drawing her back into a smothering kiss. It felt good, as if he knew exactly where she wanted to be touched. And the best thing: she didn't need to ask for anything. Finally a guy who knew what he wanted and just went for it!

As they were making out he started pushing her backward in one direction. The bedroom. At the door post she reached out her arms to make him stop. "Don't you..."

"Don't I what?" he sounded slightly annoyed. "Don't I want to waste our time with small talk? You know as well as I do what you came here for." Just at the time he said that he reached under her dress for her thong, which was already soaking. His slipped past it and dipped his fingers into her wet pussy.

She couldn't stop him. Didn't want to either. She had to shamefully admit he was absolutely right. 

"Didn't you long for this from the moment you saw me?" He asked huskily, moving his fingers softly over her clit.

Daphne moaned softly, ready to surrender completely, "Could you tell?"

He laughed, pulling her thong down to her knees. "a neon sign above your head couldn't have made it clearer." 

She didn't fight when he suddenly turned her around, pushing her against the door frame. She could feel his hard cock move against her ass though their clothing. He unzipped her dress and took it down and she let him. It fell on the ground around her shoes. The last piece of clothing to come off was her bra. The moment he had undone it he groped her nice, full and round tits. He fondled them while licking her neck. She whimpered when he suddenly slapped her ass hard. It made him chuckle inwardly.

He used one hand to unzip his pants and take out his cock, then he pulled her off the door frame and made her turn to face him. He tugged his cock as he looked her up again, and placed his hand on her shoulder. "Down," he commanded.

There was no confusion about what he wanted her to do, and obediently Daphne bended her knees to lower herself to crouch height. Thanks to the fact that she was still wearing her high heals it wasn't an uncomfortable position, just a very exposed one, sitting there with her legs wide open. She looked at his cock in his hand. It was huge. When she felt the hard shaft in her hand she took another very close look. It had seemed significantly smaller in his picture. It didn't scare her at all though. She eagerly looked forward to the moment this rod would fill her up.

Though he was possibly flattered by her moment of awe for his size, Jared started to get a little impatient, and placed his hand on the back of her neck, pulling her forward. She stuck out her tongue, and licked the head slowly, savouring the sweet taste of his precum, and the sensation of tongue against soft skin. 

Another push in the back of her neck forced her to take him in deeper. 

She started sucking, moving her head simultaneously with her hand over his hard shaft. She really loved doing this, and her heart fluttered when she started to hear his soft groans of approval. Overrun by lust she sucked harder, doing all she could to make him feel good. 

"Now, look at that," he said, "What a slut you are." He grasped her curls and pulled her backwards to make her look up. "You do this a lot? Go home with strangers for sex?" 

Daphne blinked and shook her head, wondering if he had meant to be insulting. "I've never done this before... with anyone," she defended herself.

Jared laughed out loud. "Sure you haven't," he mumbled, shoving his cock back into her warm mouth, a little bit more forceful this time. 

He held her head still while face fucking her slowly. She did her best to keep sucking, and her lips made a soft popping sound when he slid out. She generously took him back in.

She felt him shift his weight and move his leg. Her mouth let go of his cock when she suddenly felt the tip of his shoe against her pussy. She was too startled to move as she felt the leather surface rub and push against her slippery entrance. When he retracted his foot, a thin wire of juice formed between the tip and her pussy.

"Look at that, you fucking slut!" Jared laughed. 

Daphne really wasn't sure if she liked where this was going, and she really started to feel weird about the way he was behaving. His hand pulled her hair indicating he wanted her to stand up again. She did.

"On the bed," he said, gesturing with his head. Guided by him she sat down on the edge of the bed. When she saw his cock nearing she wanted to reach out, but he stopped her, pushing her back on the black sheets. "Lay down and show me that dirty cunt!"

"What?" she brought out, baffled by his rudeness. 

Jared stood before her and grabbed both her knees, lifting them up so she fell backwards on the bed. He opened her legs as wide as possible, her high heels pointing at the ceiling.

"Now spread it for me!" he ordered.

"What?" Daphne asked again in a sense of protest.

"Spread your pussy, bitch, come on!" he commanded again, giving her ass a hard slap. And another one until she complied. 

She lowered her hands and did as he asked, spreading her lower lips. She looked at Jared and noticed the horny expression on his face, looking at her. It made her feel quite embarrassed about being so exposed, but at the same time she felt more excited than she ever had in her entire life. She got turned on beyond reasoning, and soon stopped worrying about his degrading way of speech. She actually wanted to feel like a slut right now.

He kicked off his shoes and pants and slowly kneeled down before her, as if examining her nice pink flesh.

She shivered with delight the moment she felt his tongue against her sensitive skin. He licked her, making her gasp. He sucked the juice out of her, and stuck his tongue as deep as he could. Soon he inserted his two index fingers, stretching her hole while he licked her clit.

"Mmh, yes..." she moaned loudly, absolutely loving what he was doing. She was disappointed he stopped after only a few seconds.

He stood up and pulled her legs up while leaning forward. She felt his cock at her entrance, and slowly he slid inside. She whimpered at the overwhelming feeling of getting stuffed. He was really big, and he only justly seemed to fit. The inner walls of her pussy constricted him.

"Oh!" she gasped at the intrusion.

"Yea, you love getting your cunt filled with cock, don't you." He whispered, going in further.

She moaned louder when he pulled out and pushed back in. 

"How does that feel? Tell me!" he demanded.

"Oh! It feels so good!" she moaned as he began to pick up the pace, "... so good."

"Mmh," Jared agreed, dipping his big cock into her hot and tensed body. 

His cock now went in all the way, and it actually hurt at the deepest point, but Daphne encouraged him to go on, groaning and writhing. She loved his treatment, she felt so hot inside, and the pleasure absolutely balanced out the pain. This couldn't get any better!

When he left her pussy and let go of her she whined in protest. She looked up at him, pleading with her eyes to have him go on.

"Turn around," he commanded. He stroked his cock, smiling lustfully at her until she complied. He then placed his hand on her hip, making her crawl a bit further on the bed on all fours. He kneeled behind her, briefly rubbing her needy pussy with his hand.

"Time to take you like the bitch you are," he commented, "don't you agree?"

Daphne nodded, concentrating on the lust inside her, on her immeasurable arousal. God, she needed to feel his cock again right now! To be taken hard was all she could think about.

He gave her ass a hard slap, the pain reverberating through her body. "Come on, ask me!"

Her voice was shaking with excitement as she finally spoke. "Fuck me." She felt so empty. She needed to be filled.

"Ask nicely," He demanded.

"Fuck me please," she said more urgently. "Jared... I want it so badly."

He grabbed her hips and suddenly rammed his cock in all the way, making her yell it out. "Aaah! Oh! Oh!"

She heard him laugh, and she smiled as well, loving how he was teasing and torturing her.

He retracted his cock until only the tip was inside. Then he held still. She started moving over him. He let her, keeping still while watching her please herself on his cock.

"Yea, go on you little whore," he commented, "show me how much you love my big cock." 

She moved a little more, until she moved away too much and his cock slipped out. At that point he decided to help her again, and pushed his cock back in. He began to ride her at a steady rhythm.

"Ah!" Daphne gasped. "Oh, yes!" She threw back her head, going crazy with pleasure.

"Yea, say it!" Jared commanded between groans, slapping her ass very hard again.

"Oh, Jared, yes!" she moaned between her teeth, biting away the sharp pain, focusing on how good it all felt. He was fucking her hard now, at a pretty fast pace.

He spanked her again, as hard as he could. "Louder! I want to hear you!"

"Yes!" she raised her voice, "Oh god! Yes! Fuck me!"

"Yea that's right," he groaned. "Let it all out! Let joy be unconfined!"

"It feels so good!" she yelled hard. "Fuck me Jared! Fuck me more! Take me hard! Don't stop! Please, don't stop!" She closed her eyes, feeling she would come soon. And it was going to be good!

"Oh yes! Aah!" she screamed, and then her orgasm engulfed her, leaving her making incomprehensible sounds as it took her wave after wave, while still being drilled hard.

Time seemed meaningless in her moment of bliss, so it seemed only seconds later when she felt her lover slow down his thrusts, letting out deep groans of satisfaction, spilling his cum deep inside her. When he was finished he gave her one more smack, digging his fingers in the flesh of her butt cheek while he pulled out. 

She let herself fall down in his bed, savouring the blissful sensation. Jared was great. She hadn't had sex like this in so many years she had forgotten what it was like to lose control. She had loved every second of it, even though his rudeness and the crude language were slightly off-putting. She wasn't really used to getting spanked so hard either, it was arousing during sex, but right now it just hurt, and her butt cheeks probably looked red by now.

She felt Jared move on top of her, making her turn and look up at him. She looked and smiled at her new exciting lover, and sighed with delight when he licked her nipple. He briefly sucked it, and then let go to look at her. He had a bit of a stern look on his handsome face.

"You're not tired, are you? I'm far from done with you."

Daphne pushed the doubts out of her mind. She made him like this. She had wanted it like this.... Well, sort of, anyway. Maybe there were some flaws in his design but she could probably fix that later. Though slightly tired indeed she was still so horny, and Jared was the first character who really delivered. She decided to test him further to determine what part of his personality should be modified.

"I'm not tired." she answered, wrapping her arms around him to kiss him. "I want more, ...more of you."

"Good." Jared wildly kissed her, fencing with her tongue and sucking hard on her lower lip. 

When he let go he crawled up beside her, his half limp cock in his hand. Then he grabbed a hold of her head, pulling it closer to his crouch. She complied and took his cock in her mouth, slowly sucking it.

"Yea, that's a good girl," he commented, playing with her hair while observing her.

Because she wasn't in a very good position to give a decent blowjob, Daphne turned around on knees and elbows, suddenly noticing she was still wearing her shoes. When she took his cock deep in her mouth she could feel Jared's hand on her back go down to her ass. She braced for impact, but he just grabbed her flesh, squeezing while she continued bobbing her head, feeling how rapidly he grew all hard again.

She could feel the cum starting to leak out a bit from her pussy, but tried to ignore the icky feeling and concentrated on pleasing him, looking forward to how he would fuck her next. She barely noticed he removed his hand. She did notice when two wet fingers started circling her asshole, and whimpered when one got pushed in.

She let go of his cock when the finger started to move inside her ass. He soon added the second finger, causing her a little discomfort. It had been decades since Daphne had her ass filled with more than just one of her own fingers. She had never dared to ask any of her virtual boyfriends, and they weren't programmed to do anything non-standard. 

"What a tight little hole I found here," Jared commented, moving his fingers, causing her to moan softly. It still felt weird, but it also started to feel good. "Do you like getting it in your ass?" he asked. "Answer me!" He slapped her painful butt with his free hand.

"Yes," Daphne brought out. She got a little nervous. Sure it felt nice to have two fingers in her ass, but getting a massive cock like Jared's stuffed in was probably going to hurt like hell. He didn't really give her time to think about it however, retracting his fingers and pulling her off the bed.

"Here," he made her stand right before him, looking at the bed. Now she definitely felt cum trickling down her thighs. He made her bend against the bed. "Come on, point up you ass," he demanded. She opened her legs further and supported her knees against the bed, leaning down on her elbows, he pushed down her back until the top of her head touched the sheets. 

"Now that's a good angle," his deep voice sounded quite enthusiastic when he dug his fingers in her flesh, spreading her butt cheeks, exposing her tiny asshole and cum dripping pussy. "What a lovely little ass!"

He spat in it, and pushed his two fingers back in, soon followed by a third. "Relax," he seemed to have noticed she was getting a little scared. "you're going to love this."

With one foot on the bed's edge he positioned himself for intrusion from above. He pressed the tip of his huge cock against the little pink hole, and quite suddenly he slid halfway inside.

"Aahw!" Daphne yelled it out in pain, moving her arm backwards to place it against his leg, hoping that would stop him.

"Holy fuck, you're tight!" Jared gleefully ignored her cries. "Doesn't that feel good?" 

"No," Daphne disagreed, clenching her teeth, "that hurts!"

Jared did pull back a tiny bit, but only to push back in a little further, making her writhe in pain. 

"Wait!" she yelled, but he seemed to ignore it and kept moving. Daphne tried to think, barely succeeding. How could it be that he didn't listen? Every single Utopian character always listened to key words like 'stop' and 'wait'.

"Oh, shut up and just take it!" He had a pretty strong grip on her hips and he wasn't going to let go. He started to move a bit faster and deeper, relentlessly molesting her ass. "Incredible, such a hot little asshole," he kept talking through her loud moans of discomfort, obviously still enjoying himself, "though I'm sure it won't be so little anymore when I'm done with you!"

She finally managed to block out the diminishing pain and feel the pleasure. She tried to slow her breathing and relax into the movement. His huge cock now fitted in almost entirely and it felt good as well as uncomfortable to get her ass so stuffed. With every thrust he knocked against her insides, making her feel all kinds of things she wasn't sure if it was good or bad. 

Just when she started to get into it, he pulled back.
