 Urban Oddballs: Mother, Woman, Girl 

Edited by Thegreat_pretender 

***** 

At Annry and Oeno's new home, all the girls were pitching in to paint and furnish the huge barn. 

"Whew, that was a little intense! Thank you all for helping us get this place together!" Squeaked Annry, wiping the sweat from her brow, which was now covered in blotches of paint. 

"Well, the job is quicker with more hands," Shawky giggled, signaling to some skeletal monkeys to bring more paint from the car outside. 

"We should have a logo!" Gaxi suggested. 

'A logo? Oh, right. I did say this would be our official headquarters as well, but...hmmm, what could even be our logo?' Annry thought. 

"I think my face is pretty cool, we should use me!" Quiz giggled, pointing to herself with pride. 

"Ah shut up, sis, this ain't about you..." scoffed Poppy, her chubby muffin top overshadowing her pink shorts. 

"Pfft, you just want to be the mascot because you can become a dog or whatever," Quiz snapped. 

"It should be a skull!" Sarah suggested. 

"That's a bit harsh, baby..." Poppy sighed. 

"Well, perhaps we should allow our leader to decide. Gaxi Girl, what do you think the symbol of trustee should be?" Shawky asked, smiling. 

Gaxi thought for a moment before looking towards one of the monkeys who had just returned from the car with buckets of paint. She rushed over to it, her tiny feet slapping the wood of the floor while her massive ass slapped the backs of her thighs, ruffling the fabric of her purple booty shorts. 

'Is her ass getting bigger? I mean, she doesn't look fatter, but there's definitely a slight difference. I wonder, has Shawky noticed?' Annry thought as she looked on in confusion. 

"Mr. Monkey, may I have the gold paint?" Gaxi asked in a polite fashion. 

The monkey looked over at Shawky as if asking for permission. Shawky nodded, and the wispy skeletal monkey handed over the bucket. 

"Thank you! Sarah, could you come over here please?" Gaxi giggled, hopping up and down with excitement, her ass making audible claps as she did so. 

"Bah, bah!" Sarah said with glee, rushing over to Gaxi's side. 

"What's going on everyone?" Mumbled Oeno who had just awakened from her nap near one of the milking stations by the stairs that led to the second floor. Unbeknownst to her, however, the girls had made various test strokes on the broad side of her breast in order to compare shades of white and purple, as Annry did not trust a phone app to do so. 

Gaxi whispered something to Sarah, who flapped her sheep ear in delight, nodding in agreement. Gaxi then proceeded to remove her shorts and panties while Sarah activated the signal dagger on her phone to open the bucket of golden paint. 

"Woah, okay..." Quiz giggled, watching the events transpire. 

Then, without a moment's hesitation, Sarah poured some golden paint onto Gaxi's ass. With everyone's eyes narrowed in confusion, Gaxi made her way to the center of the room, her fat green ass now dripping with golden paint. 

'No, it has gotten bigger. Her gate has changed to compensate for the weigh. I wonder if she's even aware...' thought Annry, arms folded. 

"Now, stamp!" Gaxi yelled before backflipping, slamming her ass into the wooden floor. 

Raising to her feet with a bit of struggle and a pop, the sound of air filled the space her ass occupied. She looked at the floor with pride. 

"So that's it, Gaxi Girl?" Shawky asked. 

"Yep! Everyone, this is the new symbol of helping those in need. This is Trustee!" Gaxi smiled as the group looked at the golden apple-shaped print. 

"I like it!" Quiz clapped, taking a picture of it with her phone. 

"Me too, it's so 'us' in a way," Poppy said with thoughtful inflection. 

"Well, we're all round and fruitful in some way, so a golden apple kind of fits," Annry concluded 

"That was some brilliant analysis, baby," Oeno giggled. 

"Thanks, Honey Milk," Annry winked. 

"Beautiful work, Gaxi Girl! You're so smart, but you and little Sarah Girl have gotten paint all over yourselves..." Shawky sighed. 

"That's not a problem, Shawky, we're all a little dirty from all this painting. Let's break in the new bathtubs. We've practically got eight miniature pools, so why don't three of us take one of the four down here and you all can decide among the ones you wanna try upstairs?" Annry concluded. 

"Splendid idea, Annry Girl! Gaxi Girl, would you like to bathe with me?" Shawky asked. 

"Um, actually, can she bathe me and Oeno?" Annry asked. 

"Oh, uh, sure, is that okay with you, Gaxi Girl?" Shawky asked. 

"Yash, Mommy Shawky, I don't mind," Gaxi giggled. 

"Hehe, so cute! Okay, well c'mon little Sarah Girl, let me wash you up," Shawky giggled. 

"Bah, bah!" Sarah bleated with glee as she followed Shawky. 

"Oh, so we can have a family bath to ourselves? Nice!" Quiz giggled. 

"Yep, just like at home. If they really are as big as Annry says, then you can take this knot out of my back," Poppy huffed. 

"Fine with me, let's get it! " Quiz laughed 

"Towels and washrags are already prepared, so have fun you all!" Annry called out as the groups departed. 

*** 

Stepping into the bathroom, Gaxi was taken aback by the lavish surroundings. 

"Wowie, it's so big in here! But what's this thing?" Gaxi clapped before she questioned the long, padded panel built into the floor. 

"Oh yeah, I forgot to mention this. I looked it up and it's a luxury status scale. Mami didn't say anything about it, though, which is probably because this was the thing that put her and her sister in financial trouble due to these things being fucking expensive," Anny pondered. 

"Oh, wow, that sounds fancy! What does it do, babe?" Oeno asked, floating into the tub as an orange ball of light before decompressing into her full state. 

"Well, it measures everything pretty much. Stats, height, weight, all types of yields, it's crazy!" Annry explained. 

"Can I use it?" Gaxi asked in awe of the wondrous machine. 

"Not yet, Bubble Butt, we gotta get you washed up!" Annry scorned. 

"Aw, okay, bath time is fun," Gaxi giggled, taking off her shirt and bra. 

*** 

Upstairs, the sisters were enjoying a bath together in a smaller yet still opulent bathroom with modern amenities along with an average scale. 

"So, Barso is coming to dinner tonight right?" Poppy asked as she washed her sister's back with her eight soapy breasts. 

"Yeah, would you mind cooking?" Quiz asked, sighing at how nice her sister's fatty breasts felt against her back. 

"Pfft, why? So you can fuck? Nah, little bitch, you're going to be in the kitchen with me cooking for your man," Poppy snarled, giving one of Quiz's gills a playful nip. 

"Gah, alright, gods. Don't get violent," Quiz whined. 

"Now, I'm tired of washing you. You promised to get these knots out of my back," Poppy huffed. 

"Yes, so in or out of me?" Quiz asked. 

"Out, I don't want to get covered in your juices, sis..." Poppy sighed. 

"Alright, alright...Reptilian: Emote Python Form!" Quiz became a pinkish white python. 

"Just don't squeeze too tightly, do just enough," Poppy cautioned as the snake moved through the soapy water, climbing around her body. 

Quiz coiled around Poppy, finding warm comfort in some of her sister's fat folds. Then, she began to tighten her muscles against her sister's chubby form. After a few moments of shifting her weight and tightening, there was a low pop that sounded from Poppy's lower back. 

"Whew, that was it. Thanks sis...wait, what are you...?" Poppy said with glee before being startled by Quiz's movements. 

Quiz began to tickle the entrance to her sister's love tunnel with her forked tongue, which led to nuzzling her snakey snout against her sister's experienced lips. 

"Gah! Sis, you're such an slu..." Poppy gulped before receiving a shot of pleasure in her groin. 

Quiz, using her head that was phallic-like in shape, wriggled her way up her sister's pussy. This gave Poppy much joy and discomfort as Quiz's wet body wiggled inside. 

"Whew, gah, come...c'mon sis, please not the whole...guh!" Poppy whined as Quiz managed to force half of her length into her sister's nether region, her snout now kissing the entrance to her womb. 

Poppy began to cry in pleasure as she collapsed into the tub, her belly growing as Quiz managed to squeeze the rest of her length past the flooding geyser of feminine juice gushing out of Poppy's fuckhole. Poppy howled and panted, her tongue hanging out of her mouth as her sister wiggled around in her womb. 

"Buh, gah, I came already...gah, come on sis, don't bully meee!" Poppy cried as Quiz transformed into her normal state inside of her. 

Poppy's stomach bloated out, the tautness rivaling that of a woman full-term with quintuplets. Her golden belly gained a rubber sheen in the fluorescent light of the bathroom as she collapsed in the tub, her pussy spurting with heavy ropes of female juices as she did so. 

*** 

In the other upstairs bathroom, further across the hall, Shawky and Sarah were enjoying their bath. 

"You sure do like milk, Sarah girl, hehe, but I have no problem babying you," Shawky giggled as she cradled and nursed a legless Sarah in the warmth of the tub's water. 

"Your milk is super tasty, Ms. Shawky!" Sarah mumbled, glowing milk dribbling out of her mouth as she spoke. 

"Hehe, you're cute, you and Gaxi girl are a perfect little team," Shawky giggled as she placed Sarah beside her in the warmth of the water, taking a hand to her bloated stomach. 

"S-Shawky?" Sarah asked with a bit of a pensive tone in her voice. 

"Yes, little Sarah girl?" Shawky smiled. 

"C-could you make me feel good?" Sarah said with a shy head downward. 

"Oh, little Sarah girl, I didn't know you were a naughty sheepy!" Shawky giggled in the fashion of a mistress. 

"Oh, um, well, ya know, I mean...I already have a mommy, and Gaxi and you have that kind of thing already. It feels mean to come into that. Um, can we be something else?" Sarah said, stumbling over her words. 

"Something else? Like what, Sarah Girl?" Shawky said, giggling and giving the little girl a playful head tilt to punctuate her non-assuming words. 

"L-like a m-mistress?" Sarah said, embarrassed at herself. 

"A mistress? Little baby, where did you find out about things like that?" Shawky asked with some manufactured surprise. 

"Well, on our mission, when my mommy was captured, it felt so good beating up that lady and blowing up her belly, and I kind of want to be mean but not mean to someone with a big belly," Sarah mumbled. 

"O-oh, you want to dominate someone but not play the one who is being dominated, is that correct?" Shawky giggled. 

"Bah, yes!" Sarah nodded. 

'Gods, being traumatized by literally popping someone turned into a fetish? Well, I guess I'm the subject of her budding arousal. I hope nurturing this doesn't become unhealthy...' Thought Shawky behind a face of understanding and compassion. 

"Well, um, can I spank your belly?" Sarah asked with a shy demeanor. 

'Here we go...' Shawky thought before saying, "Yes baby, let's explore!" 

Sarah gave Shawky's pale, illustrated flesh a hearty slap, causing a ripple across the taught orb. 

"Uh!" Shawky gasped, not expecting it to be that hard. 

"W-was that g-good?" Sarah asked, her big red eyes gazing up at Shawky. 

"Y-you're doing great, baby!" Shawky wheezed, juices from her pussy spurting into the water as she caught her breath. 

"Good!" Sarah giggled, pinching Shawky's outie belly button giving it a hard twist. 

"Gah..." Shawky winced, the shock of her taught flesh being twisted sending a jolt of pleasure through her body. 

"I just love your belly, Miss Shawky, mmmm, bah, bah!" Sarah mumbled, now full on licking Shawky's gravid gut, her little tongue coating her alabaster flesh with coats of saliva. 

'She really is a sweet girl, though I'm not sure acting as her sexual plaything is really helping her. Perhaps this is helping her cope with the trauma?' Shawky continued thinking as Sarah held up her breasts in awe. 

"Wow, Miss Shawky your boobies sure are big like Mommy's, but they're white like mine!" Sarah said, star-struck, her tiny artificial hand enveloped by the cascading ivory ink riddled flesh. 

"Yeah, I actually got a reduction when I was 'younger'. They were huge, haha," Shawky giggled, bewitched by the young girl's innocence. 

"Howja get that big?" Sarah asked, still lifting the ponderous sacks in her tiny hands. 

"Well, not to bore you with a long story, but when I was first 'born' I was really skinny, nearly boyish with fat little nipples. But my 'daddy', er...hmm fa... no 'daddy' still used me. I think I was his favorite. I don't know why he liked me so much. I went everywhere with him. Though, when I started to get more intelligent he started giving me upgrades, mostly bigger breasts." 

"How big d-did you get?" Sarah asked, still playing with Shawky's massive breasts. 

"Well, if you know your cup sizes I was a 34R. Then, when I moved out and became my own person, I paid for my own reduction with some parting money my 'daddy' gave me. Now I'm a 34K. I thought about going flat again, but I grew accustomed to having a chest, so, yeah..." Shawky explained. 

"Hey, Miss Shawky, what are these numbers?" Sarah asked, looking underneath Shawky's left breast. 

"Numbers?" Shawky asked. 

"Yeah, it's like '273' uh '334' and um '642'? Wah wah!" Sarah gasped, startled after being overtaken by a mass of growing flesh after she had read off the numbers. 

Shawky had now become something different. She no longer sported a Mohawk with shaved sides, but a long mane of flowing blue hair. Her breasts seemed to have leaped up in cup sizes as her ever-changing myriad of tattoos retreated to the nape of her neck, mound of her pubis, and the small of her back. Her pregnant belly deflated, becoming smooth with only a hint of feminine padding. Her face had lost the sense of elder-like knowing it once had, trading it for the aloofness of a child. Her piercing red eyes that at times shown with rays of maternal kindness were now huge ignorant rubies clear of experience. 

"Mmmm, huh? Where am I?" Shawky asked. 

"Umm, Miss Shawky a-are you okay, bah?" Sarah asked. 

"Oh, hello, I'm Shawna, how are you? Where's Daddy?" Shawky, now Shawna, asked. 

"Um, uh, oh no, I'm in super trouble..." Sarah muttered. 

"Well, bye-bye, I'm going to find Daddy!" Shawna giggled as she hopped out of the tub. 

"Wait, Bah!" Sarah yelled, trying to climb out of the pool-like tub. 

"I'm sorry, little lamb, I need to go warm Daddy's cock. It's super lonely and it needs me!" Shawna huffed as she bounced out of the door, her huge R cup breasts smacking against her lithe form as she went. 

"Gah, Ms. Shawky wait! Bah!" Sarah bleated as she crawled out of the tub, only to hit her head on the floor knocking herself out. 

"Hmm, where be the way out, when stairs are tricky!" Giggled Shawna as she pranced down to the first floor. 

Her big, ruby eyes dared around to gauge her location she spotted the entrance to the barn. Then, with a jovial push, the young woman was off to find her Daddy. 

"Wow, the beach, I'm on the beach! Daddy must have taken me on vacation!" Shawna clapped as her top-heavy form bobbed along the white sands. 

Shawna walked along the beach with her eyes on the hunt for her Daddy and his big dick. 

"Oh, where could he have gone to? My boobies are getting so sweaty and I'm going to get all sunburnt and then Daddy won't want to touch me!" Shawna combed her fingers through her hair in worry as she began to scamper through the sand. 

Finding the walkway into the city, she clapped for joy. 

"Oh, goodie! Now I can get in the shade and ask people if they've seen Daddy!" Shawna clapped. 

Hopping up several flights of cobblestone steps in the most inefficient way possible, she was more concerned with how much her boobs jiggled. She looked around and wandered down into mid-town. As she made her way through the residential district of mid-town without a care in the world, she attracted the lingering attention of passersby, some steering clear of her while others looked on intrigued. 

"Woah, would you look at that fat-titted bitch!" Whispered a male Flop Goblin to another. 

"Do you think she's a wandering cow? I mean, she looks a little slow?" Said the other male Flop Goblin. 

"Yeah, she has to be. That or someone's property. Do you want to turn her in to Goose for money?" Asked the Flop goblin to the other. 

"Fuck yeah man, that old ass pays out good for dumb girls like this at the 'Pink Goose'," said the other Flop Goblin. 

"Hey, hey you, you lost?" Asked the towering Flop Goblin as he approached Shawna. 

"Oh hi, I'm looking for my Daddy, have you seen him?" Shawna said with big innocent eyes. 

"Oh, your 'Daddy' huh? Hehehe," said one Flop Goblin. 

"Yeah, yeah! Do you know where he is?" Shawna asked, hopping up and down a bit growing impatient. 

"Woah, woah now honey, listen, we might know a good place where I could find him. Does that sound good?" Laughed the other Flop Goblin. 

"Really?!" Shawna giggled with glee. 

"Yes, just follow us, honey!" Laughed the Flop Goblin. 

"Yea!" Shawna laughed as she followed the two Flop Goblins who couldn't help laughing to themselves, realizing how easy it was to capture the girl. 

*** 

Back at Trustee HQ, Sarah awoke after hitting her head on the bathroom floor. 

"Bah? BAH!" She bleated with a haze in her mind, only for it to be cleared by the shock of remembering what had just transpired. 

Dragging herself across the floor, she made it to where her legs rested and strapped them on all while thinking of what her next actions would be. 

'Bah, I could get Ms. Doggy to help me track Ms. Shawky, but then Slippery Lady will find out and she'll tell the others and they'll all blame me for what happened! No, no bah, I have to find her myself!' Sarah decided, grabbing the paint splattered gown she was wearing earlier before rushing out of the bathroom and down the stairs. 

Seeing that no one was on the first floor, she drew a sigh of relief, but then thought about what they might think when they finish and discover that she nor Shawky were present. Grabbing a pen and paper, she wrote a note and placed it in the fridge. 

'Dear, everybody, mah and Shooky, went shop, be back soon!' 

Looking at her expert penmanship with pride and reverence, she placed it on the fridge with a ladybug magnet and rushed off to find Shawky. 

*** 

Elsewhere in the downstairs bathroom of the HQ. 

"Fuck, c'mon Gaxi, you can't wash your own ass?" Annry sighed. 

"Sorry, Shawky usually washes me, my arms are too short!" Gaxi sighed. 

"Wait, what about when you poop?" Oeno asked, sighing as she did so, the warm water soothing to her breasts. 

"That's a secret!" Gaxi huffed. 

"Yeah, babe I don't think we want to know about that anyway," coughed Annry as she scrubbed the remains of gold paint off of Gaxi's ass. 

"So, I've been thinking, you know how we have that spacious basement area?" Said Annry to Oeno. 

"We have a basement?" Gaxi asked, confused. 

"Oh yeah, that's the most unfinished part of the barn, which I think might have been the thing to nail Mami and her sister. So, yeah, Shawky, Quiz, and Poppy all have relatives who are cows right?" Annry explained, proposing a rhetorical question to the two. 

"Right, right?" Oeno nodded. 

"Well we're making good money with our little group. I think with some time we could move them down there!" Annry suggested. 

"That's a great idea, Annry!" Gaxi clapped. 

"I know, Shawky will be happy to have William living closer to her," Annry said with pride. 
