 Chapter 4: A secret fantasy

In spite of her common sense telling her not to fall for the obvious trap, Daphne entered Jared's apartment again.

Between the open kitchen and the dining room there was a high bar-like table with two barstools, where he gestured to sit down. After he summed up a list of available beverages she chose white wine. She observed him take a bottle out of the fridge, uncork it and pour in two wine glasses. He sat down beside her, looking her up.

She still felt a little uncomfortable. It was hard to cover herself when while there wasn't a single button left on her torn blouse, and her back was a bit sore from lying on the hard stairs. She managed to smile anyway when he raised his glass.

She took a sip from the wine, which tasted surprisingly good. It gave her an immediate thirst for more. She wondered if he intended to get her drunk. She wouldn't see why he would want that however, as it hadn't been difficult to convince her to do anything so far. She gulped as she reckoned she really didn't need to be intoxicated to behave like a slut. Jared had already found that out.

"So tell me about this 'ability' of yours," he inquired. "What do you call it? Teleportation?"

Of course, Daphne thought, that's what he wanted to talk about. But what could she say? It would probably be a bad idea to tell him this was a virtual world and he was just a character. She had no idea how he would react, even if he believed her.

"There's really not much I can tell you about it," she sighed.

"Not much is something," he kept trying.

"Okay," she cleared her throat while collecting her thoughts on what she actually could tell him. "I discovered it a couple of years ago. I close my eyes, think of the place I want to go, visualise it, and the next moment I'm there. That's all." She started to rub her back and shoulders demonstratively, hoping he would notice.

"I can't understand why you thread so lightly on such an impossibly remarkable phenomenon," he spoke. When she did not answer he just sipped from his wine, and then stood up.

He touched her back right on the painful spot, making her move and look at him suspiciously. He pulled her shoulders, making her turn, and slowly started massaging her back, much to her surprise. She was pretty sure she had not flagged the massage skill button at character creation. It didn't particularly feel relaxing, but it definitely helped clearing up the pain. She let him handle her for about a minute, while listening to his slow breath behind her. 

A smile appeared on her face when he stopped, and the hands on her back moved to the front to cup her breasts.

She pushed him off and turned around on her barstool to face him. "Thanks. It's better now," she said, noticing the soreness was mostly gone.

"Hey, I'm a doctor," he pointed out as if she had doubted it. "I know what I'm doing." 

Jared stood between her opened legs, caressing her thighs as he looked at her. When he leaned forward she arched her back. His tongue brushed against her upper lip, making her open her mouth a little further to let him in. 

She moaned softly, enjoying this slow and erotic open kiss. His attitude was different from before, and the roughness seemed to have been replaced by tender playfulness. It made her wonder if he was finally falling in love with her. 

She looked into his eyes, taking a little distance. "You're so sweet all of a sudden," she said with her cutest smile.

A low inward chuckle could be heard as he pulled up his eyebrows, "maybe I just changed my strategy."

"Strategy of what?" Daphne pursed her lips, wondering. "Conquering me?" she guessed.

His smile turned into a malevolent smirk as he leant forward, fondling her breast. "Something like that," he confirmed with a whisper. He licked her ear, making her giggle. She responded by holding on to him, caressing him. Her left hand boldly groped his nice ass. 

"Tell me what you like, then," he asked softly, still close to her ear. "What turns you on?" 

"This," Daphne whispered, loving the way he touched her now. His hands seemed to be everywhere, making her feel all hot and horny. "This definitely turns me on."

"Okay..." he said a little impatiently, "and what do you want to do next?"

She cast her eyes down, slightly embarrassed. "I want you to fuck me," she said, figuring that was what he wanted her to say.

Jared shrugged. "Well, obviously, since you're a sex craving slut..." he pointed out, a little condescending, "but, how do you want it... where...? Tell me what pleases you." 

Daphne seemed a bit surprised with the question. She couldn't really think of something she wanted, but she could easily think of something she didn't want. "I don't want to do it on the stairs again." 

"You're so passive," he said, it almost sounded like a complaint. "You really hate calling the shots don't you?" He took a stronger hold on her, and grabbed her torn blouse. "Fine. I'll tell you what you want: You want to be forced into submission! You want me to dominate you, and be a rude bastard!"

"Not... necessarily," Daphne spoke hesitantly. She liked him when he was sweet just now.

Jared raised a eyebrow in disbelief. "Admit you want me to treat you like the whore you are."

"Don't... call me a whore..." she said. She had enough of his name calling. 

He let her go of her, sighing as if giving up on a lost cause. "You are, though," he said casually as he picked up his glass to take a few sips. "You dress like one, for starters," he said looking at his glass.

Daphne involuntarily started pulling her torn blouse to cover parts of her nakedness. He turned his head to watch her, and slowly looked her up. 

"When I first saw you I thought I'd surly have to pay you," he continued.

Daphne really got pissed now, and she could just refrain herself from jumping up and hitting him. 

As if he was daring her he came to stand right before her. "Sorry, I didn't mean to insult you..." he smiled apologetically. "Honestly, I'm glad you're this cheap."

She couldn't hold back her anger anymore, and slapped him hard in his face, surprising herself with the loudness of the smacking sound.

She was even more surprised when she heard his deep laughter. He was actually laughing out loud. Guessing by the sound of the hit and the tingling feeling in her hand she really must have hurt him. 

"Oh you love being teased don't you?" he said between laughs, snatching both her wrists so she couldn't hit him anymore. "I can tell so easily by the way you're reacting. Whenever I scold you, you just get even more turned on." He clenched her wrists painfully hard as he leaned in closer, speaking very slowly in his deepest voice. "Isn't that true, you fucking bitch? Aren't you a dirty slut with a needy cunt, begging to be abused?"

Daphne closed her eyes, trying to hide a shameful thought. Jared was right. When he said it like that it really did turn her on. Immensely, in fact.

"I'm sure you dreamed about it before you met me," his low voice turned a little sweeter, "I'll make all your secret wishes come true."

She felt his lips on hers. He let go of her arms to kiss her.

I must be insane, Daphne thought to herself while she responded to his kiss and moved her arms up to his shoulders to embrace him. His deep kiss was wilder and more compelling now, it felt so good it made her hunger for more. When he relaxed she noticed him gloating. She also noticed his left cheek was burning red from the slap she gave him. She let go, a little embarrassed about the things they both had said.

"See. I'm an excellent judge of character," Jared concluded. 

Daphne avoided looking at him by emptying her glass of wine. When she put it back on the bar he took the bottle and filled it again. She took another sip, silently wondering what to say. She hardly understood her own feelings at this point. A part of her wanted to run away, screaming, the other part however longed for nothing more but to be submitted to Jared's rude treatment. She frowned, lost in confusion. Was she really so extremely bored of everything that she'd put up with this guy's erratic behaviour? Who knew what he would be up to next?

"Now," he broke the silence, "back to what I want to know." He glanced at her. "Tell me about your sexual fantasies."

She looked up, wondering if he was serious.

"Come on," he insisted. "I want to know your dirtiest fantasy. Anything you want that you've never done before. Something you've always wanted to do but never dared ask." 

Daphne shrugged, looking at her glass. "I don't think there's anything...."

"Nothing at all?" Jared asked in disbelief. He came closer to wrap his arm around her. "How about a role play? You know... Teacher -- student, cop - criminal... Ooh!" his fingers tickled her neck, and she looked up into his twinkling eyes. "How about doctor - patient?" He laughed softly "In the practice of doctor Jared? We could actually do that, I'll show you my office and fuck you on my big desk during my working hours."

Daphne smiled uncomfortably "Eh, no... I don't think role play is something I'd --"

"Mmmh," he leaned closer to her ear, "maybe you'd like to try bondage. We already found out you're a bit of a masochist, and you seem like the type who'd love to get all tied up and whipped hard. Oh, I bet you'd look fantastic in leather, or latex..."

"No!" she responded loudly. She looked down, annoyed with the fact she had sounded so scared. "No," she spoke a bit calmer, "I don't think I'd be into that either." She figured he was just summing up his own twisted fantasies. 

"Come on, tell me then," he hissed impatiently. The fingers on her neck reached up into her hair, softly gripping it, pulling her head back a little . "What gets you all wet just thinking about it? There must be something kinky you want to try?" He pressed himself against her side, and his left caressed her inner thigh, moving up her skirt just a little bit. "What is the kinkiest thing you ever fantasised about?"

Daphne figured she'd have to give him something, so reluctantly she whispered, "I've fantasized about a threesome." 

He let go of her hair, and his hand between her legs jerked the barstool, turning her to face him. "A threesome? Really, is that the kinkiest you can come up with?"

She looked up into his eyes. She thought she had chosen a safe answer, something he wouldn't try to make happen. When she saw him lean against the bar, smiling indulgently, she wasn't so sure anymore, though.

"So, how would you want it? With two men, or a man and a woman... or an all girl team?"

"Two men," she said while a blush formed on her cheek. She picked up her glass to take another sip.

"So, what you're actually saying is you want to be double penetrated." Jared concluded, causing Daphne to almost spit the wine back in her glass in surprise. Her face was about as red as a fresh tomato now.

"I should have figured you were a DP slut," he mumbled, caressing her thighs looking down at her. "You long to feel completely stuffed, don't you? And you love to be the centre of everyone's attention, so what could be better than two cocks sharing you? Or three? Or four? I bet you dreamt about being gang banged as well..."

She shook her head in protest, still casting her eyes down.

"Come on, be honest for once." He leaned over her, threatening. "Look at me." 

Reluctantly she complied, and looked into his eyes, embarrassed and a little bit frightened.

"Have you ever dreamed about getting gangbanged by a dozen brawny men, like, a football team, ramming their giant cock in all your holes until you woke up so horny you masturbated all day, wishing it happened for real?"

Daphne blinked, a little shocked. "No! Absolutely not!"

"Hah! And you were just claiming not to be a whore," he smiled smugly as if she had confirmed.

"No, really... not... like that..." she began to fold.

"Maybe not exactly like that... But I'm close aren't I?"

"Look," Daphne tried to breathe calmly. "Some fantasies are just fantasies, not all of them should come true."

Her words caused Jared to laugh inwardly. "Bullshit," he said. 

He let go of her to arch his back and flex his muscles, smiling complacently as if complimenting himself for a job well done. He picked up his wine and emptied the glass. As he placed it back upon the bar he looked at the confused and embarrassed, half dressed woman beside him.

"Well, I said I'd do anything you want," he said cheerfully, rubbing his hands together. "You got it." He disappeared into the bedroom.

Daphne grabbed her glass and emptied it fast. "Never a dull moment when Jared's around," she whispered softly to herself, wondering what she got herself into this time. 

When he reappeared Daphne was a tiny bit relieved. He was alone, so at least he didn't have a football team stored in his bedroom. Her eyes widened somewhat however when she noticed the object in his hand; a large black dildo.

"Say hello to your new friend John," he waved at her with the toy as he approached.

"Holy fuck," Daphne brought out, stupefied. The dildo was quite long, and thicker than anything she ever got shoved between her legs, including Jared's cock.

"That's what I want to hear!" Jared smiled. "We don't need another guy to get you double stuffed. All it takes is a fun little toy!"

"Little?" she squeaked, causing him to laugh.

He walked over to the couch and threw the dildo in it, then he turned to look at Daphne. With his hand he gestured her to come over. "Come on! Chop chop!"

Caught in a bit of a daze she complied and approached him. When she was in reach Jared quickly rid her of her skirt and thong and pushed her in the couch.

"Here. Sit down," he ordered, making her lay down on her back with her legs open. Her eyes were fixed on the toy he picked up again. She wondered if he wouldn't use lube to ease it into her body.

She bit her lower lip as she felt three of his fingers slide into her slippery pussy, twisting around a bit. It surprised her she had gotten so damp.

"Up," he made her pull up her legs, and rubbed her pussy a bit. She put down her feet on the edge of the seat, supporting herself.

She gasped in excitement when she felt the rounded tip against her sensitive skin, and looked up at Jared's smirking face. He moved it, gently pressing against her entrance.

She held her breath when the toy got pushed in further, stretching her wide. It felt crazy but amazing. She threw back her head, soon moaning between her teeth. He began to move the dildo slowly in and out of her. She loved the super hard tension, and the overwhelming feeling of getting stuffed.

She opened her eyes to look down at the toy being shoved in her pussy, her body tensing and relaxing together with his rhythm. It felt so good, so amazing it was unreal. She moaned hard, impelling him.

While moving the dildo his left hand took her arm, and made her place her hand on the toy. 

"Here, take over," he said. "Come on. Fuck yourself." 

Daphne complied and reached out her arm to move the toy. It took some effort to keep the big thing in place, and it seemed her body was trying to push it back out. But she grabbed on to the dildo and deftly pulled it in deeper, groaning fiercely while still clenching her teeth, enjoying the wild pleasure she was giving herself.

"What a pretty sight you are." Jared observed her while undressing.

She hardly noticed him anymore, concentrating on the intense feelings inside her body, keeping herself hostage on cloud nine.

Jared let her go at it for a while, observing her, and jerking off to the sight of his shameless slut.

She only noticed him again when he bended down and touched lower thighs, his wet fingers sliding down in search of her asshole. She slowed down and completely stopped when she felt a lone finger circle the tight muscle, tensing up her body as it entered. She held still, wheezing and relishing the feeling of more intrusion.

When he retracted his finger he pulled out the dildo as well, leaving her completely empty.

"Turn around," he said.

Daphne soon moved and turned to sit down on her knees in the couch, bending over the back support. A hard slap on her ass just fired her up for the next wild incursion.

"Spread your filthy cunt," he commanded.

She complied, pulling her lower lips apart.

To her surprise it was not the dildo she felt, but Jared's cock lunging into her pussy. He pounded her hard, his free hand whacking her ass until it turned red. At this point even the burning pain could only excite her more.

"Oh you like it like that, huh? You fucking whore!"

"Yes... yes..." she huffed. It was the only word she could remember.

His cock left her to make room for the big toy again. She groaned as it invaded her, and started fucking her mercilessly. It all felt good, so fucking good that drool was dribbling from her mouth.

She knew he would want her ass again soon, and anticipating his next move, she wetted her fingers sucking on them, and went down to find her ass. 

She eased in one, and then a second finger, dazzled by the tightness. She could feel the dildo beneath fucking up her pussy.

"Oh, you're getting your ass ready for me, are you?" his voice sounded. "That's a good little slut."

"Yes..." Daphne wheezed, cramming in a third feeling. It was really getting insane now. She pushed her face against the couch back support, squirming as the madness continued.

She heard him laugh. And abruptly the big toy left her stretched out pussy, leaving her gasping. Her fingers in her ass twisted around slowly, it was a little easier to move now the lower hole was vacant. 

Jared put the dildo aside and took a moment to enjoy the view again, of his lecherous slut prepping her ass for him. 

Daphne took a deep breath before she pushed in a fourth finger. She tried her best to relax around it, and when she stretched it gradually like this, it didn't hurt. She vibrated with her fingers, loosening the muscle for the next intrusion.

When he got tired of waiting Jared took a hold of her hand and pulled it out of her ass. He placed one foot on the couch and placed the tip of his cock against her back entrance.

"Yea," he sheathed his entire length in her hot and tight asshole. 

Daphne writhed at the feeling of being taken, but it didn't hurt this time.

"Yea, I love fucking this tight little ass," he groaned, pounding her faster. 

After a short while he came out completely, and spread her butt cheeks to look at her opened ass. "Lovely," he commented. His right hand lowered to her moist pussy, and he rubbed her button, causing Daphne to squeak and moan hard with lust for more.

"I think it's time for John to join us again," he decided, picking up the black dildo. "Stick your hand out between your legs," he ordered her. 

It took a moment to analyse his demand, but then she understood and lowered her hand. She felt him put the large toy in her hand and guide her up to place it against her damp pussy. He aided her pushing it back in, forcefully widening her hole. She struggled for breath, moaning until the toy was all the way in.

She moved it slowly in and out, enjoying the feeling of being stuffed again, but she was very aware of Jared, looming over her. She felt him against her body, and groaned in anticipation of what she knew would happen next.

She felt his slick cock against her ass, and just in time she braced for impact.

He forced his cock into her tight ass, pushing down on her completely crammed pussy. The sensation was maddening, and Daphne screamed at the warped feeling of getting both her ass and pussy so stretched out. 

Jared didn't waste any time listening to her, and started ramming his cock hard into her trembling asshole.

"Yea, take it bitch!" he yelled, enticed by her terrified screams, "just fucking take it!"
