 Sissy returned with great fuss, from the moment the carriage was heard there were calls for servants to carry the purchases in. Three armfuls were brought, passing me in the hall, before Sissy appeared arm in arm with Macteth. 

Her dress showed more of her than any but I had seen, she had a tight frilly top that ended just below her breasts throwing them up as if they were fuller. Bare arms with a thin strap across the back, at her waist hung a short pleated skirt that barely reached mid thigh. I could feel the arousal of the snake in my pants. 

The smile on her face and the mock curtsy she gave told of her new understanding of the dress culture, and of her acceptance and embrace of it. The transformation increased my sexual desire of my wife and my need to possess her. The hardening tent that was my pants proved that. Thankfully my robes effectively hid it, were I clothed as they then an urgent visit to the toilet would be in order.

"Tif. How do you think I look?" She twirled. "Nice?"

As she twirled her skirt had lifted to show a bare bum and a glimpse of a patch of yellow twixt her legs, ah she should know how much her body turned me on. Why is it so easy for a woman use her body to turn a man on, which would be indelicate for a man to try?

She came and embraced me, and was pleasantly shocked to feel the strength of my erection. Looking me in the face after the hug with a wide grin on her face.

"I think I best take my husband and fit him with the clothes we have brought him, he certainly looks hot in those he's wearing." She tossed the words over her shoulder.

Holding my hand and giving me cover she led me to the room, where the parcels lay neatly stacked across two chairs and a table.

"Look for the ones with the red label tied to them," she commanded.

I found three and she, the other two.

She picked the largest. "Strip." She ordered

I disrobed even to my socks. She kept up a chatter as she took the garments from the package.

"They have fine shops here, and we passed a market we must explore."

She put a length of soft material over one shoulder and smoothed it out front and back and buttoned the sides

She giggled at her thoughts. "Did you know that they have beaches and parks where people wear no clothes at all?" She giggled again. "They paint their bodies as well, we saw lots of the young with a blaze of bold colours."

My erection having sustained itself on my thoughts began deflating.

A pair of short loose legged trousers completed the outfit.

"We are in the autumn now and things will get a little cooler over the months to come but there's not even a night frost at deep midwinter. Some are still naked and enjoying the sea."

There was a mesh inside designed to cup the balls, and when I got them on they felt very comfortable. In fact, but for the lack any pockets but two small ones in the trousers, the whole outfit was comfortable for the climate. It might be shocking on our world but it was practical personified for this.

"They have lots of theatre and musicals, concerts in the park. There's lots to see and places to visit."

As she moved about I glimpsed more of her tiny undergarment, a triangular patch of yellow hid her bush and nether parts, thinning to a rope between the cheeks of her ass.

Dressed, I was ushered out and back to the great room where we found the master and mistress rising as we entered; he lent and struck the gong.

"Dinner is served if you would follow," he announced. He led us to the windowed door and out onto a wide patio, enclosed with fragrant herbs and flowers. 

There before us was a long table seating twenty at least, four chairs set two, one, one, crowded lonely at the head.

Sissy and I took the two on the far side of the table. The elder children brought the food in, and the young boy wore trousers similar to mine but splashed with glorious colour. Reds, greens, yellows and blues blossomed and melded together. He had bold stripes across his chest and ringed his arms, not unattractive, but I would not be a convert. 

His daughter Hippotic, followed another fashion, a near transparent gossamer gown to mid calf, that gave little scope for imagination, her hair picked the theme up with multi coloured plats in her hair, the food they brought was placed in the centre

"The brown roll is banada stem, boiled in spices and herbs and then slow roasted. The mound of pale pink is fungi; minced, soaked in flavourings and then pressed and grilled. The long green yellow sausages are pods from the eggieplant, they're fleshy and flaky when roast and have their own unique flavour, which you will either love or hate. There's potatoes and pulses to suit, enjoy."

I reached for the banada stem and Magus gratuitously let me take it. I cut a small potion and passed it on before tasting a morsel. It had a texture like bullic meat, the flavour had a hint of meat in the background but was dominated by a nutmeg flavour. 

I took a portion of the fungi next, its taste would pass for a cockcrow at home. I turned to Sissy's plate and tried to spear a small piece of eggieplant, but she parried my thrust, so I grabbed it with my mind and took it to my mouth. It was like liquorice with a tang on the tongue, there was a residue of mild burning, and I sought the goblet in front to find it empty.

"Here." Magus held out a bottle of wine, not one that had been included in the afternoon tasting; I took it and poured a generous draft.

"Thank you," I said, returning the bottle. He motioned Sissy with the fork in his other hand and I did the honours for her as well. Leaving perhaps half the bottle, as I placed it back in front of him. I helped myself to more of the fungi and some of the variety of vegetables.

After dinner we retired to the great room again. As Sissy and Macteth huddled together, I picked the book of the legend up and began to read. It was well into the evening and the lights were bright overhead when I heard Sissy call me.

"Tif, come it is time to bed."

The book had absorbed my attention so completely that I had not noticed the darkness and the lamps lit above me. 

She was kneeling at my knee before me on the chair, craning to catch my eye from the book. As I looked at her she presented an erotic view of her bosom, confined but revealed and formed into a perfect shape. I was reminded of her sexuality; the softness of her skin, the willingness of her lips, my love for the whole her mind and body. Especially a body as sensual as it looked now.

She reached and closed the book and took it from my hands. Then with the free hand took mine and eased me from the chair. 

She bid goodnight to our hosts as my stiffened legs protested their sudden use, the twinges not gone till we reached our door 

She was chatting still about the day but her wiggling, naked bum ahead of me on the stairs drove the words meaninglessly past my ear, as the desire just to kiss her overwhelmed all other thought. 

We reached the top and she turned and waited, I bent my shoulder to her waist and grasped her knees taking her over my shoulder and to the bed. There I sat her on the bed, crouching to place her. 

She tousled my hair and pulled me between her legs, head to stomach. I kissed the naked flesh and let my tongue seek her navel. 

She rubbed my ears and lay back and putting my chin on her mons pubis. I pulled the short pleats of her skirt up to reveal the yellow triangle, and found two bows on her hips and pulled them open. 

The triangle slipped down revealing the black thatch behind, and my tongue dove into the thicket tracing slow circles downward to her clit. Her legs widened as she moved it into direct contact. 

The soft ridge of the mound slipped easily to the centre of my tongue as I stroked it, and felt its response. I dropped to my knees and took her legs to my shoulders, with my arms circling them. Letting my tongue loose on her labia, licking round and round till the taste of her juices flooded my taste buds. 

I pushed the tip into the hungry hole and was rewarded with a slight jerk, as I dipped my tongue in and out. I moved my hands to massage her buttocks and pulled her further from the bed letting my little fingers trace the valley of her gluteal cleft. As she started gently thrusting, I fumbled with the waistband of my trousers till I hooked my thumbs and drove them down with measured force. My penis springing ready for action, as I let my tongue work its own brand of magic. 

At the first moan from her lips I switched, climbing over her body till my penis rested its head in her vagina. I pushed gently, letting it find its own way into the paradise of her wet sheath. While my hands rounded her breasts thumbs on the nipples, as I pushed up the tight frilly top. 

When it entered I slowed its speed. Letting it slowly fill her then to withdraw to almost the tip, as if giving a taste, before a hard thrust brought more sound from her lips. I worked it fast till her first spasm, then measured more slowly the full thrusts to match hers, till the tightening of her orgasmic release brought me full measure and my seed gushed forth inside her.

We lay coupled together my head on her breast while her heartbeat slowed and her vagina surrendered my spent manhood. We were both slick with perspiration from both the night heat and our exertions.

"Shall I bathe you?"

Her fingers twisted my hair, as; pushing herself firmly back onto the bed, she raised my head and herself to hungrily take my lips.

"Yes," she murmured between kisses, using my shoulders to pull herself erect.

I worked my feet to free the trousers round my ankles, and took her up into my arms carrying her to the bathroom.

The next six weeks found me in the library only six days of the seven. Not from my want, but from the pleading of Sissy, that all work would make me dull. 

Magus led by feeding me a succession of books. As I read of the techniques, any concepts not readily obvious we talked through. There were new ways of looking at the world though the lens of another's assumptions. 

Then there was the practice, acquiring the internal conviction that made the act natural in body and mind. I was amazed and somewhat entertained by channelling power through to my hand and directing it, even without the wand I could get a faint glow to the tips of my finger. With the wand, (it took a week and three visits by the wizard who was crafting the rod for it to be in my hand), with the wand I had the strength to fear few foes. I could be matched against the best here and give them a contest.

Sissy had time to sample the many delights. She frequently arrived late to our bed, full of the story of the play or who she met at the party. My train of thought on the doings of my day lost to me, as I took to her playfulness that too often led to an early sleep. Magus was generous, funding Sissy for all but her private purchases. 

She always looked sexually provocative with a new outfit on my days off, and took a delight in teasing me. I took to wearing a tight cummerbund to keep my penis flat to my tummy, with the loose frills of my tops providing full cover. 

In the second week we were taken to sample fresh picked fruit at a village fete. The stalls were arranged to one side of a green, with sideshows and a stage on the other. 

While the ladies carried parasols, Magus had procured a large wizards hat for me which while providing shade, made my hair itchy. It's only true benefit was the space it gave in the crowd. 

There was scant wind and no cloud to give relief, while stepping into a tent with a press of people was like a steamy kitchen with less appetising odours. 

As we sat on the grass before the stage I lay back and espied a bird, flapping its way above us, and took the idea of its wings. Crafting a large pair with my mind and then setting them flapping with the wand. The result was wondrous, a cooling breeze settled on us giving relief from the stultifying heat. Sissy first astonished, then pleased, dropped back to me on her elbow. Turning to kiss my cheek, while cupping the other with her hand. Magus said from the side of her that I would be plagued by requests for the secrets of that spell.

The most hilarious part of my education came with learning to master the bundle of twigs bound to the end of a cane sized, smoothed and polished branch. They called it a broomstick, it could magically transport you through the air like a bird. 

It required a delicate touch of the mind to animate it, with my own skills at self levitation saving me some nasty falls when I over steered or lost control. 

Sissy came and watched as I practiced over the beach, clapping as I showed of my new skills. Till an error saw me tossed, to float gently into the sea. She was there at the tideline, as I came walking out like a half drowned fisherman. She had the good grace not to laugh out loud, but I could easily see the amusement in her eyes.

As we neared the end of the sixth week he began to tell me more of the world we were to visit. Of the buildings that seemed to touch the sky, and the bustle of the streets, with carriages so plentiful there was hardly a gap between them as they thundered past. The pavements too were thick with people as they mindlessly followed their everyday routine.

This was where we would find the ring. In the richest country in the world, rich that is to its owners, not to its inhabitants. 

The new bearer could be anywhere here, or in one of the poorest under developed parts. Late one night he opened the portal, and we stepped through to the museum room where the ring was on display. 

The windows were high in the wall while the display cases lined the wall and the centre of the room. The ring was marked 'Unknown Antiquity', in smaller letters underneath was the text 'Found in the Himalayas circa 1825', under again was text too small to read in the light of the candle we possessed. We stayed brief minutes before returning, and he tested me by letting me command the passage back.

I was also surprised by a refusal by Sissy. She would not let me lay a hand on her one night, not even cuddle up. The mystery was solved in the morn however, when I caught a sight of a jewel in her navel. She had impulsively had it pierced and wanted it healed before revealing it. Though with the clothes she now wore with gay abandon, it would have been hard to conceal.

The day before our venture was set to begin two further guests arrived, the two others who made the current quartet of ringbearers. 

First was Myrdlin of the middle kingdom, from the planet Camealot. He was old and walked with a staff as a third leg. His long white beard reached his waist, with a robe of plain black. 

He had little mobility to take on the task of a young man, later the second, and a bigger shock, there were races other than human. Yodla was but two foot and a half, was greenish in complexion and had pointy ears like a mischievous pixy. 

He was several hundred years old and the current leader of the little coterie.

Dagobah, his home world, was the fifth planet of the quintet, and was little colonised but for communes of fisherfolk who indulged more in philosophising that fishing.

The great day was here, or rather the early light of predawn. We were to make the transition to coincide with the daily opening. We were to take the ring and leave a magic duplicate, then determine where to seek the future holder with the ring itself. 

We entered the room and I saw it in full light. The ring was in its own display box within a larger one and Magus used a spell to open it.

"Laxo." 

No sooner had the lid started to move than bells and whistles started. It was tamper protected.

A thought jumped to my mind, and I looked to the window opposite and pictured the sky rock that had crashed through the roof of farmer Bagginsocks barn. 

A swift glance to align it and I pulled Magus to the ground.

I let it hurtle through the window and smash into the case, in the destruction I took the ring with my mind and cast the substitute, moments after the guards arrived.

As soon as the situation became clear by us pointing out the rock we were taken to an obsequious official who was concerned for us to have taken offence. I had guised us in ordinary street clothes, and when he wanted our identities we refused, and demanded to be let loose. We had other business to conduct. 

Once out to the street we found rain, looking to the passerby's apparel I saw many had rain proofed parasols, I reached and touched the fabric of one, within seconds we sported one each and strolled off. 

Our need was shelter and money, we had some from a previous expedition but it was only a small sum, some ten one dollar notes and three five's. We had need for shelter to plot our next move, to join the three rings and find direction. 

If I could find open money I could take and copy it with my mind, and then to an inn. 

The opportunity for money arrived as a hole in the wall machine gave money to people who tapped the keys. I stood close to one to watch the money and steal its spirit image, but he became overly protective, shielded the machine and too quickly pocketing the cash. 

While Magus stood at the roadside and watched the flow of traffic, I guised myself to the common eye so none could look and see me. 

After twenty minutes in the pouring rain, I could muster three thousand dollars; it should be enough to get us accommodation. 

The continuing rain made this world look miserable. I went and re-joined Magus, after a quick glance round I rematerialised next to him.

"We have enough money now, let depart these streets and find shelter from this rain."

"I have been observing the carriages. I think I have it, you put your arm out and one of those yellow vehicles stops and carries you away, let us try it."

I watched as Magus waved his arm about. Sure enough a vehicle pulled up alongside us. Magus pulled on the handle and the door opened, we both climbed in, the driver was sat turned looking at us.

"Where to Bud?"

"We wish to go to an inn," Magus stated.

"We aint got no inns here, you wana hotel, somewhere to sleep?"

"Yes," I said quickly, before Magus could come out with his reply. "A moderately priced one."

The driver turned and we sped off through the gloom of the cloud covered streets. We spent no more than five minutes dripping over the luxurious seats before we stopped before a canopied building. Some ten floors high to judge from the windows.

"That'll be twenty bucks," the driver said turning again. I pulled a fist full of the paper money from behind me and found one with the correct symbol.

"Here." I gave it to him and turned to push the door open.

"God foreigners. You gotta pull first then push it open," said the driver, leaning back to point at the handle.

I managed to get the door as the uniformed man outside opened it.

"Good evening gentlemen, you have luggage in the boot?"

"No," I replied. "We intend to purchase clothes here."

Inwardly I cursed myself for not thinking about trunks.

"We have come at haste to attend a friends funeral." I continued.

The Doorman tipped his hat. "I'm sorry to hear that sir. Enjoy your stay."

We walked to the reception and the attractive woman on duty there.

"Good evening, could we have two single rooms for the night, adjoining if possible."

She tapped a few letters on the black tablet in front of her and then looked at a glass rectangle on the desk in front of us.

"We have two singles on the third floor, not adjoining, are they ok?"

"Yes, those would suit us."

"That'll be $125 apiece, $250 total."

I pulled out a fist full of dollars, counting out the required amount in tens and twenties. 

The receptionist looked on impatiently. Counting it herself, before handing over two white cards. 
