 Tags up front: alien, consent, psychic powers, telepathy, blowjob, mff, balcony sex, cheating, harem, male-female sex, psychic voyeurism.

A couple quick notes: there's still more to come, but I wanted to get this part out rather than waiting until the other was finished. Also, I'm not really a poker player, so forgive me for glossing over details on the game itself. That's deliberate. You didn't come here to read about a card game anyway, right?

Final point: For a number of reasons, I switched from the italics for Xin's psychic dialogue to normal quotation marks. I'm sorry if that throws anyone off but it was becoming an issue on my end.

*****

Aaron's truckers carried meth. Larry dealt in stolen cars. Brody loan sharked for the mob. David blackmailed pro sports stars. They hurt people for their wealth and never thought of turning back. 

All four folded with a grunt and cut the game in half at once.

Glances flew between three remaining players: Tatsuo, all the way out from Japan, with a long career of ugly deeds for the yakuza; Emile, a Frenchman living in Los Angeles on a fortune built on stolen Middle Eastern art and artifacts; and Michael, brawny and powerful under designer clothes, made a living solving problems the permanent way with skills from the Marine Corps and an attitude that got him a dishonorable discharge.

The other remaining player barely looked at them. His eyes lingered on the pile of chips in the middle of the table. "That's a whole lot of money," said Kyle. It represented more money than he'd ever earned in his entire life, apart from the last few days—or maybe even including them.

"You getting cold feet?" asked Michael. He didn't quite sound friendly, but he kept his real feelings in check.

Kyle raised his eyebrows. Then he raised the stakes by another ten grand. "It's a lot of money," he repeated, smiling. "I'm just saying."

"Taunting is gauche," said Emile, putting in his chips.

"So is small talk," said Tatsuo as he put in his own.

Michael tossed forward the requisite chips and spoke only with his glare.

"Kyle, I have to tell you something," whispered a voice in his mind that only he could hear.

"What?" he thought back to Xin.

"These men are all awful humans and I don't feel bad at all for what we're gonna do to them."

He didn't worry about hiding his grin. If any of them interpreted the twitch of his lips as a tell, it would be their mistake.

The table dominated the center of the lounge, with comfortable seats arranged along one side for companions brought by each of the players. Behind the two "wings" of seats for the audience stood a full bar tended by casino staffers. Kyle sat with his back to the floor-to-ceiling window to the balcony overlooking the city. It left him unable to enjoy the view, but he had plenty to look at from among the small audience. Most ofhis opponents brought at least one eye-catching date, if not two...Kyle himself included among the latter.

"Also, notice how everyone around this table is male? Ugh. So sexist," Xin grumbled.

Kyle averted his gaze from the tall and curvy beauty he'd seen in the casino the day before to set them all off on this high-stakes tangent. "Uh. Yeah, that's true," he thought back to her.

"Whoa, no, I'm not implying anything about you," Xin assured him. "We're on the same page, babe. Feast your eyes on the hotties all you want. They don't mind. And it might not help me like genuine sexy-time action, but it beats staring at your cards. Or these jerks."

"Turns out most societies on Earth are sexist as fuck," Kyle thought with a wry grin. "It isn't right and it isn't fair, but I'm not sure I feel bad about the lack of equal opportunity in this particular instance. I mean if we were up against women who were just as awful and dangerous as these dudes, we'd still be out to take them for all they've got, right?"

"Fair. I can't say any of the women in this room are as awful as the guys at the table or some of the guys in their entourages. A little awful is in the mix, but not to the same scale. 'Dangerous' is another matter."

The game carried on as they conversed in his mind. Xin helped him through, practically keeping him on autopilot. Their conversation was more engaging for both, anyway. "What do you mean?" Kyle thought. "I know you've been scanning and planning. What's the lowdown?"

He could feel Xin's virtual smile in his mind. "Should I preface this with a bunch of assurances about consent and our moral alignment, or can I skip straight to the dirty talk?"

"I think we've hit the 'safe, sane, and consensual' topic enough. Spill."

"All but four of the women in this room are ready to drop to their knees and worship your cock the second they have a chance."

Stunned and thrilled at the same time, Kyle needed a beat to wrap his mind around Xin's declaration. He knew she wasn't kidding. Most of the players brought at least one woman along as a companion, if not two. The room held more than a few real knockouts. "Um. Just like that?"

"I came in here with an agenda and a lot of psychic energy ready to blow on it," Xin laughed. "I'm still in recovery, so I can only hold onto so much energy before it starts to bleed off. We've been in an overflow state ever since the fun started last night? It was all I could do to hang onto most of it through all your fund-raising gambling on the casino floors today. I got to work on our prospects and multitasked as soon as we walked in. Networking through Asami and Angela helped, too. Um, they're included in the main group, by the way. Obviously."

The pair sat together in the audience, passing whispers between one another with amused grins as they watched Kyle. He knew no one would overhear anything unless they wanted to be heard. He also knew they were more than entertained enough just by one another. Their late-morning shopping trip had led to naughty fitting room fun, along with the sexy minidresses they both wore now—shiny and red for Angela, sleek and black and strapless for Asami. After talking it all over, Miranda felt she shouldn't be seen at the game given her professional profile and her connections. She had other ways to contribute tonight. Asami felt her profession and skills made for all the more reason to join Kyle. Given her experience with the professional party scene, Angela felt much the same.

Xin stoked their mutual arousal, feeding off every little trickle of lust the trio felt at the sight of one another like a steady snack. It felt good for all of them, but they were also all interested in expanding their circle.

"Some of them are aching for it, Kyle. I'm helping them hide it and keep track of the rest of the room rather than daydreaming. But I've done a little more than bring them to flirty-time or foreplay. Underneath the calm and cool socializing is a driving goal to get a piece of you, babe. Soon as we hit our first break. It would help me keep my energy up for the rest of this, too. I can block and deflect and distract everyone else easily enough. All you've gotta do is pick out who you want."

The thought of it sent a delicious shudder through his body. Xin kept the poker-playing on autopilot for him as they both clearly preferred this topic. Telepathic conversation happened faster than it seemed, anyway. Nobody else noticed—except his two companions, who seemed to share a knowing grin.

"Have we scaled up to full telepathy with the others yet?" Kyle wondered.

"We can. I think it'd be a distraction right now. I'll kick over to it if it turns out we need it."

"Right. So..." The old phrase about being a kid in a candy store popped into his head. Their only limit was the matter of mutual interest. "All but four? Which?"

"That's where it gets even more interesting," said Xin. She guided his eyes to the left of the room and began a mental tour toward the right. "Aaron's an abusive monster. His girlfriend needs help, not a fling."

Kyle's aroused thoughts took an immediate hard turn to more serious concerns. "We're gonna take care of that, right? I don't want to leave anyone in that situation, sexy times or no."

"Cool. On the agenda. Don't let it spoil the good times. On that note: Larry the chop shop guy's sexy wife, Julie is totally ready to bang if she can get away with it. Not a lot of loyalty there on either side. Brody's wife Wendy would be, too, but I doubt you're interested. She looks for excuses to call the cops on black people."

"Oh. Hell with her, then," thought Kyle.

"Right. Now, David the blackmailer on the other hand? The two women he brought are basically professional girlfriends. Katie and Brooke are more than down with a party. David pays okay but he's boring as hell and his mouth keeps dropping one big turn-off after another. Also one of the bartenders is pretty hot for you now."

Kyle noted the two women still not yet addressed. One was a sophisticated, gorgeous black woman with an accent that reminded Kyle of a Nigerian classmate from college. She was also the only woman in slacks and a silver silk shirt rather than a dress or a skirt. The other was the tall, beautiful, curvy woman with the dark asymmetrical hairstyle he'd seen in the casino the day before to set them off on this adventure. She looked familiar somehow, perhaps reminding him of someone he'd seen on TV, but he couldn't put his finger on it. In keeping up with Xin's count of who was and wasn't interested, he expected a little disappointing news.

She caught his expectations just like every other thought. "And then we come to Rose and Shannon. When I said all but four are ready to go, I meant at your slightest whim. I didn't mean they weren't interested at all. Rose and Shannon only need a little interaction and a little assurance to go over the edge. I figured you'd like that. But Shannon is Michael's wife and he's a scary dude. Almost all of these guys at the table have hurt people, even gotten a couple people killed, but Michael is on another level. That guy literally tortured and murdered people in Afghanistan and he's carried out a couple of murder contracts since then. Shannon only just found out about it all, so she's trying to play cool and figure out how to get out. She's not gonna just roll the dice on a fling with a stranger even though she sure as fuck wishes she could in this case."

"That isn't good," thought Kyle. Looking at Michael, he could hardly be surprised, but he felt how seriously Xin took the issue. "We'll have to be careful with him."

"And then there's, Rose who is a whole different matter," she added.

"How so?" Kyle asked.

Grave as she was about Michael and a couple other men around the table, Xin switched gears back to lusty urges on a dime. "She's basically his bodyguard and personal assistant. She hates his ass but he's got three layers of leverage on her. She's here illegally as a fugitive from her native Nigeria because of things he tricked her into doing for him. Smuggling and art theft, mostly. And if he exposes her, it would wreck her parents. Rose is a stone cold bad ass but she's not really a 'bad guy' as such. She has family and feelings, too."

Kyle sat with that for a moment. He matched a bet and spoke words at Xin's guidance while his consciousness focused on the more important matter. "Holy shit, so every one of these women is in a toxic-as-fuck relationship?"

"No, Katie and Brooke just picked up a lame client and they're carrying through like pros. Both of the casino staffers are fine. Oh, and Wendy over there is happily-racist-married to her happily-racist-mobster husband. But other than that? Yeah."

"We're gonna fix all this," he thought.

"Yeah."

"...with a lot of sex and shenanigans and taking down bad guys and keeping their cash," he added, wrapping his mind around it.

"Yes."

"We're literally gonna make the world a better place with our psychic sex powers."

"Fuck. Yes. Kyle."

His eyes flicked up to the audience again. Julie was a tall and slender woman with short red hair and a sexy emerald cocktail dress. She caught his glance and risked a grin in return. "Right," he thought to Xin. "Let's do it."

"Good, 'cause it's time to finish this hand," she said.

Kyle returned his attention to the game. Tatsuo had already dropped out. It was down to Emile and Michael. Emile folded. Michael called. Kyle laid down his flush with a smirk.

"Son of a bitch," Emile fumed, sitting back with the chagrin of a man who could've beaten the odds if only he hadn't blinked. Michael stared darkly at Kyle and set his cards down. Whatever he had, it wasn't enough.

"Well, damn," Kyle said, looking at the pile of chips now coming to him. No small part of him wished he could quit while he was ahead. He could live comfortably on that kind of money for years. Walking out now wasn't an option, though. The tournament was winner-take-all...and his psychic partner clearly had a very different idea of a "comfortable" lifestyle.

"Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take a twenty-minute break," announced the man serving as their host. His eyes lifted across the table as he saw Kyle reaching forward. "Sir, we'll take care of the chips so you can relax."

"Oh. Thanks." Kyle set two chips aside from the rest as he stood up. "Let's make sure the staff gets this."

Still in his seat, Michael scowled darkly. "Those are five hundred dollars each."

"So?" asked Kyle.

"It's winner-take-all. That money isn't yours yet."

"Are we not gonna tip the crew?" Kyle asked. He raised his arms to his sides, looking around at the other players. "Seriously, is anyone gonna walk out without tipping if they don't win this?"

He saw a couple of scowls from other players, while the rest shrugged. Michael looked from one to another before rolling his eyes in disgust. The hard-faced man pushed away from the table.

"Thanks," Kyle told Xin. "Figured you'd have my back on that."

"Turns out it took more effort to sway the other players on that than everything I worked out with the women in the room all put together. Pushing and dominating takes way more energy and effort than tempting with incentives. Speaking of which, you know how to show me you appreciate my help," Xin hinted.

"I do. One second," Kyle thought. Like the players, the audience had all stood from their chairs. Kyle moved over to his two companions, who greeted him with excited, alluring smiles. "How are you two doing?" he asked.

Angela reached out to trace the collar of his shirt. "I'm feeling real good and enjoying this more than I probably should. That's you, isn't it?"

"We're not complaining," added Asami. "Keep doing whatever you're doing to me forever if you like. As long as it escalates at some point."

"We came here with an agenda, though, right?" Angela prompted him.

"We did. I wanted to check on you first. Don't want to ignore either of you."

"We're good. Go be naughty, Kyle," said Asami. "Go be naughty for all of us. And let us know if we can help."

"I will once I get recharging." He looked back to the mingling players and their companions. He caught Julie's eye as if he'd called her name and only she heard it. She looked back with a grin. "Think I'll start with some adultery first."

"Right on," said Asami.

Kyle slipped through the mingling crowd, catching a mix of glances ranging from resentful to intrigue from all the right directions. To either side of the bar stood doorways to sets of private restrooms. At Xin's prompting, Kyle crossed the bar to go into the one on the left. He passed through the door to find himself in a short, secluded hallway. A mirror stood over a tiny counter at the other end, with bathroom doors to either side.

"No need to hide in the bathrooms," Xin said as soon as the door closed behind him. "I've kept the coast clear. Everyone will use the other set of bathrooms."

"All good. Figured you'd let me know if I need to go off of autopilot. I trust you," he told her.

"Excellent."

The door opened again. Julie stepped through, six feet of bared and perfect legs, emerald silk, and red hair framing a lovely face. She stepped inside and closed the door behind herself with her eyes on his.

They didn't speak. Julie kissed him with lustful heat. Her fingers had his zipper tugged down before he knew it. A few deft strokes freed him from the restraints of fabric. Kyle realized the kiss was primarily to distract him until she had what she really wanted when she crouched to bring his dick into her mouth without delay.

Kyle savored the first welcoming strokes of her warm and wet mouth with a simultaneous rush of power and relief. The sensations from her lips, her tongue, and her hand were all limited to his cock, but pleasure flowed from it through the rest of him like a wave. Relaxing into the moment, he turned partly with her to lean his shoulders against the wall. She moved perfectly with him as if they shared exactly the same thought.

Sucking and stroking him without a break, Julie let out a low moan of pleasure. He didn't worry about taking care of her after hearing that. Either Xin or all of the "enhancements" she'd made on his body handled that for Julie. Maybe both. She kept sucking as if now chasing after her own satisfaction from it.

"Fuck yeah, baby," Xin said dreamily in his mind. "You're that guy now."

He didn't rush things, savoring Julie's service instead. After a few unbroken minutes of her mouth, Kyle's response to Xin came as if he hadn't missed a beat. "How are we doing?"

"Better now thanks to this awesome slut," Xin told him. He recognized it as genuine praise and even gratitude. "Her body will be on Cloud Nine for days after this. Full health benefits. Compensation is all set."

"And the rest?" Kyle wondered.

"Mmmm, right. So much more to play with. I'm feeling the recharge. Let's play some more. Relax and enjoy."

Julie's lips came all the way to the base of his cock as she deep-throated him. His eyes flared open in surprise only to close in ecstasy. Relax and enjoy? How could he do anything else?

He felt Xin's awareness spread out beyond the little hallway to touch the minds outside. First to come into their shared senses were Asami and Angela, which seemed natural given how closely they were all bound now. The pair lounged at the bar sharing the same sort of wide-eyed joy inflicted by Julie's service. They covered it quickly, not terribly worried given the way Xin turned attention away from them, but the moment informed Kyle just how much Xin shared through their bond and exactly how much they could enjoy his promiscuity.

He also got a sense of just how they felt about him. Both of them.

Suddenly the amazing blowjob from the hot stranger took a backseat to a bigger rush. The emotional connection broke off, but he knew the feelings of affection, desire, trust, and eagerness for intimacy. He knew what to call their feelings. He felt it, too.

"I didn't mean... I'm sorry," Xin told him. "That's been growing since day one for both of them. It almost came out last night, but things were so intense the words and labels all took sort of a backseat. Plus, it's sort of theirs to decide when, isn't it?" 

"Yeah," Kyle said out loud. Julie groaned, seeming to bask in his approval, but she kept on pleasuring him without once realizing his attention was shared elsewhere. Silently, Kyle said, "Yeah, it is."

"I fucked that up. Sorry. I'm kind of amped up right now."

"I'm sure it'll be fine," thought Kyle. He tried to keep a lid on this new thrill. Xin was right. Now wasn't the time for it. Besides, what little he now knew only made his current physical distraction that much better. Kyle felt like he might come at any second. Xin touched the minds of his companions to let him know how much they liked sharing that feeling, too.

"I'll cover for them," Xin assured him. "Private ecstasy, even in public."
