 Edited by Thegreat_pretender

'But heed this, Gaxi Girl. From my research, people like us who were objects for sexual release can lose themselves and be put back there. This is why I've given you protection as well as myself, because even though I am reformed, my chip can be reactivated at any time, and a code can be entered that resets me to the 'factory default' as it was. After that, there's no coming back...' Gaxi thought as she listened to Sarah's frantic explanation, sobbing through each word as everyone else listened on.

"GAH!" Gaxi yelled, shooting Sarah with a blast of compressed air from spinning around.

"Bah!" Sarah cried as she was flung back through the barn's entrance.

"GAXI!" Annry yelled, running after Sarah.

"Oh, shit..." Bobby mumbled.

"Oh no, Sarah! I've gotta heal her!" Oeno cried.

"NO, no, no, no!" Gaxi mumbled to herself as she walked out of the barn.

"Bah?" Sarah mumbled, landing on the beach in a daze, her belly full of pain as she struggled to her feet.

"Sarah, Sarah are you o..." Annry was interrupted by a large explosion of sand overtaking her.

"NO!" Gaxi yelled, her ass planted in the sand where Sarah used to be.

"I'm sorry Gaaaaahxi, I-I didn't know that would do...!" Sarah was interrupted by another blast that struck her in her left leg, destroying it.

"YOU TRAITOR YOU TOOK MOMMY AWAY HOW COULD YOU?" Gaxi yelled, her eyes running with tears, reddened from a combination of anger and sadness.

"Gaxi, stop! Fuck, this isn't going to work...wait!" Annry mumbled before coming up with a brilliant idea.

"Gaahhxi pleas...I don't want to..." Sarah bleated as she blocked an incoming green missile from Gaxi.

"GAHH!" Gaxi yelled, her ass damaging Sarah's arms.

****

Running back into the barn, Annry rushed upstairs to the bathroom and found Shawky's phone.

"Okay, okay she fucks up and calls him "Daddy" sometimes, so maybe it's under...ah, bingo!" Annry cheered, finding Arthur's number in Shawky's contact list.

Somewhere in the depths of the Checkers Jungles, a phone rang as a disgruntled man blasted away the brush by flicking his fingers.

"Ah man, this heat is getting to me. Soba, water me!" Arthur yelled.

"Yes, Daddy!" Replied Soba, giving Arthur a bottle of water from her backpack.

"Thanks babe. Uh, where's Sammy?" Arthur asked, looking around the cleared area for his other CDG.

"Here I am! I got the fruits you wanted for your boosting drink, Daddy!" Sammy giggled, popping out of the brush with a bundle of exotic fruits in her sling.

"Ah, excellent. Well, start milking, Soba, the elixir is at its best with fleshly squeezed milk!" Arthur commanded.

"Right!" Soba giggled, tearing up her button-up explorer's shirt.

'Ding, dong Shawna on! Ding, dong Shawna on!' His phone chirped.

"See, I told you it was a good idea to bring that signal booster out here, Daddy!" Sammy giggled as she tugged on Soba's veiny breasts.

"Yeah, yeah, ello?" Arthur answered.

"Yo, Daddy guy, uh...Vinny!" Annry yelled.

"Who dis?" Arthur exclaimed.

"It's Annry!" Annry exclaimed with worry as she heard another explosion from outside.

"Who?" Arthur asked, signaling for Sammy to tug harder on Soba's tit.

"Gahh!" Soba cried as a torrent of fresh milk came gushing out of her left breast. Hearing this, Annry recoiled in disgust.

'Eww, I caught him in the middle of fucking one of those creepy Shawky bitches...' she thought before following with a sigh: "I'm the mouse Zoomen that was with Shawky and Gaxi when we came to your house a while ago."

"Eh, oh, oh yeah, cheese muncher, hey. What's up, and why are you using Shawn...Shawky's phone?" Arthur asked, giving a casual thumbs-up to Sammy.

"Never mind that, listen!" Annry said as she began to explain what had happened.

Hearing all that Annry had to say, Arthur nodded and began to ask her a few questions.

"Okay, so she's like a midget now?"

"Yeah, look!" Annry said, snapping a picture of Shawna who had wandered into the bathroom.

"Aw, so cute. Um, yeah, so what you wanna do is wait about a week. Everything should be fine by then," Arthur exclaimed, snapping his fingers at Soba and Sammy who began to make out.

"Sorry, Daddy!" Sammy sighed.

"That's great! Gaxi was super worried and did not take it well," Annry added, now recoiling again from overhearing the feminine voice on the phone.

"Oh, well let her know that her mommy will be fine. Just wait it out for a week. Everything will reset and she'll be back to normal."

"Thanks, Victor!" Annry giggled, hanging up.

"It's Arthur! Hello? Jeez, I hate kids...wait, what the fuck, I told you two to stop kissing!" Arthur yelled back at the two CDGs, sparks popping from his bald head.

"Whew, that's a relief. Oh shit, better tell Gaxi!" Annry gasped, running downstairs followed by Shawna.

Outside, Bobby was holding Gaxi while Oeno attended to any injuries Sarah might have sustained from the tussle.

"Shhh, just calm down. I'm sure there's a way to fix her," Bobby cooed to a balling Gaxi whom she held like a child in her strong arms.

"No, it's not fair, it's not fair!" Gaxi whimpered, her little fist tapping against Bobby's plush bosom.

Annry, now out of breath, made it outside huffing and puffing with Shawna coming up behind her.

"Sha-Shawky is gonna be fine!" Annry yelled.

Everyone turned in surprise and relief at this.

"Wah?" Gaxi murmured.

"See, I told you everything would work out," Bobby whispered to Gaxi, resting her head against hers in affection.

"Yeah! Her 'Dadman' said it would take about a week and everything will go back to how it was for her, " Annry panted.

"That's a relief. See Sarah? You have nothing to cry about anymore," Oeno cooed, her healing tears washing away Sarah's bruises.

"B-bah," Sarah whimpered, nodding her head.

"Okay, now that that's all settled, who wants a sleepover? It's still the dead of night and we need to break this HQ in," Annry giggled, trying her best to sound upbeat. 'Good gods that sounds like some corny ass shit,' Annry thought, a painful smile on her face.

"Yay! But wait, let me down, Bobby," Gaxi asked, who was granted her request and was let down to the moon-kissed sand below.

"Bah?" Sarah shuddered as Gaxi approached her.

"I-I'm sorry. Please forgive me, I didn't mean to bang up your limbs. I'm supposed to be the leader, but...but that's not something a leader should do to their friend," Gaxi apologized, looking down, ashamed of her actions.

"B-bah, i-it's okay Gaxi, I know how important Ms. Shawky is to you. Which is why I got her bahhck. I...I didn't want you to be sad," Sarah sobbed.

"T-Thank you," Gaxi wept, picking Sarah up and wrapping her arms around her as the two sat in the sand.

"Too cute!" Bobby sighed to herself, taking a picture of the two.

***

That morning, at Quiz and Poppy's residence.

"Bargh! Fuck!" Quiz cried as she vomited into the toilet, her knees buckling.

"Jeez, what tore you up so bad, sis?" Poppy sighed, holding her sister's gills back from her face.

"I-I don't, Bargh!" Quiz vomited again, now holding her stomach in pain.

"Oh, oh no..." Poppy said, sniffing the air.

"What?" Quiz asked, her eyes now watery and bloodshot.

"You're pregnant..." Poppy sighed.

"Wah...mm...Bargh!" Quiz gurgled as she vomited once more.

***

Back at HQ, the girls were waking up. They convened in the large first floor.

"Whew, all done. This took a while, guess I'm rusty," Bobby sighed, wiping the sweat from her brow.

"Whatd'ya do, Booby?" Gaxi asked.

"It's...nevermind, that was cute. I fixed up the little sheep's limbs, it would be un-sportswoman-like to fight an amputee," Bobby giggled.

"Thaaaank you!" Sarah said, lounging on the couch as Bobby attached Sarah's limbs to their receivers on her stumps.

"Where did you pick up such skills, Bobby?" Oeno asked.

"Well, Onion, you learn a lot of stuff in the 'Thunder Brigade' and you meet a lot of people too. Just so happens that a lot of my teammates from those days were Zoomen of the custom races and needed tune up on their limbs. So, I took up some mechanics reading in my spare time and bam, I can do stuff like this," Bobby laughed.

"So, cool!" Oeno giggled.

"Yeah, it's whatever," Annry scoffed.

"I'm no leader or anything so take this with a grain of salt, but maybe you and the little lamb need a bonding mission to put you guys back in sync," Bobby suggested.

"Bah?" Sarah asked.

"You think so?" Gaxi asked.

"Yeah. Back in my college days when I would beat the shit out of one my teammates, dad would make me team up with them on a light mission. No one else can come though, the dependency you have for one another builds character and makes you a better team in the end," Bobby said as she plugged Sarah's left arm into place.

"Pfft, well aren't you so full of wisdom and shit?!" Annry scoffed.

"Uh-oh, looks like you and I are going to have to go on one too little mousey," Bobby giggled.

"Grrrrr," Annry mumbled, attaching a pump to Oeno's breast.

"Oh, wait, wait, what's the 'Thunder Brigade'?" Asked Gaxi, hopping up and down with excitement.

"It's a military unit. Not much different from being an Outter, though you get more formal training and you travel a lot more. Also, your wages are paid by the government as opposed to local common folk," explained Bobby as she gestured to Sarah to move her arms around.

"So, why did you leave?" Annry said with an attitude.

"He-he, well, mmm, I have my reasons," Bobby smiled, looking at Annry.

'What is this feeling? That pink bitch has got some sort of secret danger about her,' Annry thought, a sinking feeling of despair manifesting from Bobby's unassuming gaze.

***

Soon after, everyone but Annry and Shawky had left to go fulfill some errand or outing.

"Well hips, it's just you and me together today in the HQ it seems," Annry laughed, looking at the extremely pear-shaped midget that was Shawky.

"Sis, can I has pretty clothes?" Shawky asked, looking at Annry's tank top and sheer stockings.

"Sis? Wow, I gotta admit, you're super cute like this. Um, yeah sure, let's go find you something to wear," Annry giggled, rubbing Shawna's head.

As they walked up the stairs to Annry's bedroom, a few thoughts started to race through Annry's mind. 'Wait, I wonder if during this time she's imprinting on me? I mean, that's not an issue, but it's just kind of weird thinking that Shawky is now for a short time at least pretty much like any other fresh CDG.' 

Reaching the top of the stairs and passing a bathroom, a devilish thought passed through Annry's mind.

"Hey, Shawna, would you mind coming with me into the bathroom for a bit?" Annry asked Shawna, pointing to the room with a little giggle.

"Yas, right away!" Shawna said with an obedient nod.

"Good girl, very good girl. Hmm, maybe I should call you a shorter version of Shawna that fits your cute little demeanor. Hmmm, how about 'Shay'?" Annry giggled, looking at Shawna with parental infatuation.

"Shay? Shay! I like it, sis!" Shay squeaked, hopping up and down on the balls of her feet.

"Excellent, I knew you would like it. Now, do you see that scale over there sweetie?" Annry giggled while she asked Shay if she could recognize the scale.

"Yes, sis, should I step on it?" Shay asked, having some vague idea of what a scale was.

"Yes, could you please, little sis?" Annry asked, giving Shay a playful slap on her large rear.

Shay walked over to the scale without hesitation, her gait exaggerated by her massive hips making her stride more of a waddle than a walk.

Upon her little bare feet touching the soft gel-like surface of the mini scale's padding, the screen attached began to read out of the information pertaining to her body.

Race: CDG

Age: 18

Height: 3'6"

Weight: 100 lbs.

Measurements: 32AA -22-48

Awareness: Low

[Subject contains a body made up of 35% fat]

[HIGH fat concentration in 'Buttocks']

[HIGH fat concentration in 'Thighs']

[Moderate fat concertation in 'Belly']

[Subject contains a body made up of 65% muscle]

[High muscle concentration in 'Thighs']

[Is subject able to breed: Yes]

[Offspring Output: High]

[Number of Births: 1]

[Womb Capacity: High]

[Vaginal elasticity: High]

[Is subject fit for consumption: Yes]

[Subject is fat enough to be used for consumption]

[Is subject intelligent: Low]

[Subject has low intelligence and is not fit for complicated tasks]

[Disposition: Plaything]

[Is subject mobile: Yes]

[Limb Removal suggested: Low]

[Recommended uses:

Entertainer: Subject's litheness and fatty assets would make for a valuable entertainer.

Personal Companion/ Spouse /Pet: Subject is smart enough to accompany and participate in daily activities. She is smart enough not to bore guests and or the owner at gatherings. She is competent enough to become a proper housewife given the training.

Sexual plaything: Subject's moderate intelligence, attractive assets, and high vaginal marks make her ideal for a sexual plaything.

Bedroom dressing: Subject's low mobility, near useless limbs, high fat, and low intelligence make her ideal to occupy one's bedroom as either a comfort object or bed warmer.

Breeder: Subject's high fertility and moderate mobility make her ideal to produce.

"Wow, you're a valuable little pear aren't ya, Shay?" Annry giggled.

Shay giggled and stepped off of the scale to her big sister's beckoning hand.

"Now, let's get you dressed and fed, c'mon!" Annry smiled as she took Shay's pale little hand.

***

Meanwhile, at Quiz and Poppy's abode.

"B-but sis, I'm not ready to be a parent, and what will he think!?" Quiz cried as she held her knees in bed, laying on her side.

"Sis, it's going to be okay, you have me and the girls and I'm sure Barso will overjoyed," Poppy said, rubbing her sister's head in reassurance.

"R-really, sh-should I call him?" Quiz mumbled, looking at her sister, her teary emerald gaze matching hers.

"I-I think you should do more than that. I think you should arrange to meet up with him!" Poppy giggled, giving her sister a hug.

"W-wait, what about the girls? I can't be an Outter once I'm a few months in, I don't even know how long I gestate for..." Quiz asked, looking down.

"It'll be fine. Listen, I'm sure the girls will understand you taking a break when you need to, there ain't nothing to worry about. Now, while you arrange a date with your man, I have a date before I go meet up with the girls. And don't worry, I won't blab, you can tell them in your own time," Poppy winked as she left the bathroom.

***

Elsewhere, sometime later in the lower end of mid-town.

"Okay, so we're supposed to find someone named "Fatty 3rd?" Sarah asked, looking at her phone in confusion.

"Hehe, that's funny. Who would call themselves that?" Gaxi giggled, unable to contain herself.

Just then, a large woman eating a bucket of chicken emerged from an alley.

"Ugh, huff, I hate tight spaces but I managed to get away, whew!" Gasped the woman, her waterfall-like belly spilling out of her tight pink shirt, tapping the tops of her fat engulfed knees.

"Is that her, bah?" Sarah asked.

"Uh, what did mission specs, say again?" Asked Gaxi, looking at Sarah's phone.

"Urp! Hmm?" Looked the obese woman, giving a causal burp as her tiny eyes caught the two standing in the street.

"She spotted us! Quick, assume battle positions!" Gaxi squeaked.

"Bah, bah!" Sarah agreed, readying her signal dagger.

"Oh, hmm, just kids playing in the street, whatever..." said the woman as she began to waddle off.

"Hey, aren't you Fatty 3rd? I mean, we know you stole that food!" Gaxi yelled out.

"Bah, and...and as Outters we're going to bring you to justice!" Sarah exclaimed.

The woman, unimpressed by the two's proclamations, looked at them with a thick layer of malaise emanating from her disposition.

"Yeah, that's me, and I did steal this chicken, but like, whatever...ya'know?" Fatty 3rd shrugged, taking a bite of her stone fried drumstick, the grease drizzling down her rouge-kissed lips.

"So?" Gaxi huffed.

"Bah!" Sarah bleated, charged towards the large woman with warrior-like ferocity. Though charging head first into the woman's plentiful layers of belly fat proved ineffective as the dagger of static did nothing to her.

"Ah, urp, lamb meat goes great with gravy made from their own giblets, though now that I thunk a'bout it, Miblins pair well with lamb too, if that little girl is a Miblin that is," Fatty 3rd thought, her tongue lapping up the grease from her lips as the prospect of a new meal tantalized her mind.

"Green Missile!" Gaxi yelled, her ass colliding with the woman's face like a cannonball, pushing her back.

"Gah, no!" Fatty 3rd yelled.

"You okay Sarah?" Gaxi asked.

"Bah!" Sarah reassured her.

"Y-you, what you two little midgets have done is unforgivable!" Fatty 3rd yelled mourning over the loss of her befallen chicken bucket.

"Ha, you've overlooked one thing!" Gaxi yelled, pointing her finger at Fatty 3rd with arrogance.

In her rage, Fatty 3rd looked on, confused as to what Gaxi could mean. Joining in with Gaxi, Sarah also pointed, hand on her hip in a sassy stance.

"You're too fat, bah!" The two women yelled in unison.

"So what?" Fatty 3rd roared, shaking her jowls.

"You can't catch us!" Gaxi and Sarah laughed.

"Oh, I can't? We'll see about that, urk!" Fatty 3rd snickered before holding her breath.

"What's she doing?" Gaxi asked Sarah, looking at the large women with bewilderment.

"Maybe she's having a heart attack, or taking a poop?" Sarah hypothesized.

"Ew, I hope it's not taking a poop," Gaxi frowned, now disgusted by the prospect.

Fatty 3rd breathed in and out with a slow but even pace as she bounced on her feet. After this technique was performed three times in succession, large plumes of steam radiated from her body, engulfing the entirety of her form.

"Gah, it's a poison gas attack!" Gaxi yelled, pulling her shirt up to her face to defend herself.

"No, it's something else...this is sweat steam, but it smells like cooked meat," Sarah coughed, covering her face as well.

Then, a high whizzing sound hit Sarah's ear.

"Bah!" Sarah bleated, jumping on top of Gaxi and missing a high-speed projectile as it shot over the two before disappearing into the evaporating steam.

"Well shit, this is a pain, I just hit 410 kilograms this morning and now I'm back to 60," said Fatty 3rd her body now slim. Her body soaking wet, she popped off her pink shirt, which was now acting more like a dress.

"Gah, what? She got skinny?" Gaxi squeaked.

"What's that yellow stuff floating around her?" Sarah asked.

"Ew, is it boogers?" Gaxi squirmed, sticking her tongue out.

Before the two knew it, the now shoeless and pant-less woman was in front of them.

"Haha, not faster than me now. Bang!" Fatty 3rd laughed, shooting a bullet out of the slimy cloud made of her own displaced fat at point blank range.

***

Elsewhere in the middle of uptown, Poppy rang the bell of a rather lavish though small home.

"Oh, hello dear, you must be Helly's friend. Please, come in, come in!" Said an attractive older deer woman, inviting Poppy in.

"Thank you, Miss...?" Poppy said with polite cadence as she fished for a name. Though, in this fishing she snuck a peek at Ms. Vump's hands and feet, which were artificial upon glance.

"Vump, dear, I'm surprised Helly didn't mention it to you. Oh well, would you like some sugar cookies?" Ms. Vump asked as she offered Poppy a seat in the living room.
