 After breakfast the next morning I settled our bill and we strolled out onto the sunlit street. A travel agent was our next port of call and I hailed a cab in the street to take us there.

"Here driver, that one will do."

I had adopted the 'casual touristy look" with shirt, shorts and bold sunglass's, the person in behind the desk was , by contrast, in shirt, tie and business suit. I asked him about travel arrangements to Brisbane, all went well till he asked me for my passport, to get the Australian visa. It was easier and quicker for him to arrange. We should have learnt from our first experience. I recovered quickly enough to tell him they were back at the hotel; we'd drop them by later and make the arrangements later. Back out on the street Magus and I discussed our problem, we needed to find out more about these travel documents. A moments thought brought up the airport, people travelling equalled travel documents. 

We hailed another taxi, the driver took us through the side roads, to avoid congestion, and it was there that I saw the sign on the shop front, 'Green Magic'.

"Stop! Driver stop here." I almost shouted.

Magus looked at me quizzically. "What?"

"I've just seen a shop we must visit, 'tis called 'Green Magic'. 

The cab stopped and I waved a fifty at him. 

Out on the pavement I walked back the way we had come, some two hundred yards found us full of crystals, dream catchers and other paraphernalia.

A long haired youth left another couple who were browsing some jewellery and approached us.

"Can I help you?"

Magus puffed some blue powder at him. He now was feeling that he vaguely knew us, that we were connected somehow and that he should help us. 

"I'm looking for books, books on magic and wizardry." 

"All the books I've got are here," he said, leading us to the back of the shop,

The range of books was limited, those on magic even more so.

I turned to him, he shrugged his shoulders apologetically.

"My friend Davina over at 'The Temple Of Diana' has more," he said , unpinning a card from the notice board. "Here's her address."

I took the card.

"Thanks, I'll look her up now."

We took another taxi ride.

The temple when we got there was a pseudo church, with all the trappings of a personality cult. The alter had a sole chair, dressed in regal symbology. 

To the side there was an entrance to a shop.

As we entered we were approached by a thirtyish woman, slim with red streaks in her hair, dressed in a smock like affair that came down mid thigh. 

"Can I help you?"

I presented the card while Magus scattered more blue dust.

"I was looking for books, articles on magic."

"And Philip recommended me, remind me to thank him."

I looked around the shop; the books were along the wall to our right.

"What sort of magic are you looking for?" she asked.

"Oh, just general..., just seeing what's available."

"I've got some books that I've written. I'm a white witch," she proclaimed.

That got my attention.

"You know about magic?" I questioned.

"Yes, I mix potions and pronounce spells for the good of people. White magic not black magic."

I was intrigued; I had not thought of magic as good or bad, the concept was food for thought.

"I would like to know more of this magic of yours."

We were at the book shelves.

"You can take them and read them over in my house with a cup of coffee, if you want." She suggested.

Magus pulled the sleeve of my robe. "What about the airport?"

"Sorry M, this might be important." Came my answer, this was worth learning about this world. We still lacked the cultural understanding, we needed to learn more to effectively live and operate in this world, the rules I'd read in the books were mixed and confusing. 

We went across a short gravel path to a detached house.

In the lounge Davina asked one of the girls there to make coffee for us, as we sat around the coffee table.

"So, what's your real interest in magic?"

I decided to be daring. 

"We are both magicians of sorts, we practice a different magic than yours." I stated boldly. "I would like to learn more of the magic you practice here."

"Well you're welcome to learn what I know," she said leaning forward.

We talked through three cups of coffee, served by a charming young girl, 'my acolyte', dressed in the same garb as Davina.

It was near early evening Magus was dozing and I'd just finished the book she given me, she was now questioning my wizardry. Hers could be summed up as 'sympathetic magic', tuning in to the forces of nature.

I explained that mine was the manipulation of reality; Magus's was much the same with a layer dressed up in rituals.

"Can you show me?" she asked.

I drew out my wand; I could see Magus looking sternly at me. Pointing it at the cup in front of her, I pronounced the word 'levitus', the cup rose and moved toward her hand, resting on her knee.

She stared, mouth open at the cup, floating in mid air, inches from her hand.

She took the cup, but it took her several seconds longer to recover her composure.

"How'd you do that?" she demanded. 

"By making reality bend to my will, changing the 'what if', to the 'what is'."

"Yes but how?" she implored.

"By taking the fabric of reality and make it do what I want it to, it like you change the rules."

I could see she was still perplexed.

"It's a skill you're born with, it can't be taught unless you have the innate ability. Something I can now sense in people."

"So I can't learn your tricks?" she asked, disappointed.

"No, I'm sorry," I said.

Besides us Magus gave a cough.

"Well, we must take our leave of you," he said. "I for one would like to fill my belly"

"Would you like to have a meal here?" she enquired.

"That would be nice of you," said Magus.

She brought us a bowl of fruit as an appetiser, dinner would be twenty minutes.

"She is no magician." Magus said quietly, the other girl in the room was over the far side, and hopefully out of earshot of his hushed tones.

"I know." I replied. "I can sense magic in people, if they have the gift."

"No, what I mean is women are very seldom chosen to bear the gift." He continued. "I have yet to meet a female wizard."

When the meal was ready we sat, seven of us crowded round the table. There was a sense of magic, one of our companions was causing my senses to tingle.

I nudged Magus. "I think you are about to meet your first."

"You feel it too?" he replied, looking round the table.

He drew out his little pouch of blue powder.

"What exactly does it do?" I asked him.

"It just makes people friendlier towards each other, more obliging." He informed me. "You as a wizard should be able to detect its effects and resist them."

I leant towards him looking into the bag. He took a pinch.

"Do you want to try its effects?" he asked.

I was curious, "Yes," I nodded.

He flicked his fingers at me; though they were empty I hadn't seen the blue dust leave them.

I felt no different. He took another pinch of the dust and blew it from his fingers towards the four young acolytes sitting opposite.

The meal over, one of the girls collected the crockery, while another took a biscuit barrel labelled 'Brownies' and came round offering it. I felt greedy when I looked and saw that everyone else had taken one whilst I had two.

Neither the girl who collected the bowls nor the one with the biscuits had the sense of magic when I touched them 'accidentally'. Leaving the two still sat opposite, the petite redhead or the brunette. I would seek away of testing the other two.

Davina stood and walking to the side put some music on, it was soft, slow and sensuous, some multi-stringed instrument and a light tinkling beat behind. She began dancing, a lithe sensuous dance. The girls, even the one from the kitchen were watching her, beating out the time by clapping their hand.

I began to feel a little light headed, getting up from the floor and sitting in one of the comfortable chairs. As she continued to dance I became entranced by the intricacies of her hand movements, she seemed to be making them flow like waves.

As the dance ended the red-haired one came and sat on the arm of my chair.

"She's very talented," she commented.

"Yes, yes she is." I felt comfortable, my mind was relaxed and open, the room and its furnishings all looked more distinctive, more interesting somehow.

I looked at the redhead besides me, I could see the texture of her hair, the red strands gleamed in the light.

She looked at me studying her and started to giggle. "This is some nice shit yeah."

I heard her words but didn't understand them. Shit, feces , what could be nice about that?

I looked at her again.

"Hi," she said. "My names Alice, what's yours?""

"T'Mershi." 

"T'Mershi, what a beautiful name," she enthused. "Where does it come from?"

"I don't know, I'm an orphan, my mother died young."

"Oh I'm sorry."

"It's alright; it was a long time ago."

"Who's your friend?"

"Martin?"

"Yes, I think Davina fancies him," she whispered, leaning close to my ear.

She slipped and landed in my lap.

"Opps." She languorously stood, then sat on the table, facing me.

"Where are you from? Your accent doesn't sound local," she asked. "I'm from Cheshire."

"What's this shit you were on about?"

"Oh, that's a new cannabis strain we've just got from California."

At the word California I saw Magus, sorry I mean Martin, look over to us.

I gave a little shake of the head. They sounded the same but it was also a place on the map we had studied.

"The Californian shit is good then?"

"Oh yes," she gave a little chuckle. "Ever since medical marijuana."

I looked at her, hair bouncing as she moved her head, I wanted to please her. This was the effect of the powder, in the back of my mind it was important, but I let the thought pass. She was nice and I could help her.

"You have power," I said bluntly to her. "You have power, if you would use it."

She looked at me puzzled. "Power?" she asked, her voice querulous. "Power to do what?"

"To perform healing."

"You can teach me how to heal, like Davina?"

"No not like Davina, I can teach you some words, and how to hold your hand and concentrate the magic through it."

Over her shoulder I saw Davina sitting next to Martin.

Her eyes opened wide and her face smiled at me.

"Can you... really."

"Yes, it's an easy one, Mag... Martin taught it me not long ago."

She looked at me for a second or so. "Come prove it."

She stood and I followed, she led me through to the stairs, then up to her room.

"Here, see if you can cure this." She was pulling the hem of her robe up over her knees.

What she revealed was a mound full of angry red spots. Some, white headed and ready to burst, alongside were the tell tale signs of a bad shave, the little nicks and cuts.

I laid my hand an inch above it and uttered the magical words "Vigoratus... vestri ego"

I heard her gasp when I moved my hand, her skin was now once more covered in pubic hair, a sparse field of orangey tufts.

She rubbed her hand over it. "How did you do that?"

She looked at me, letting go of the hem.

"You can teach me to do that?" she was excited, her whole focus was on me.

"Yes, you say the words in the same way I did, and you focus the magic down through your hand. Here, say the words after me."

"Vigoratus."

"Vigoratus."

"vestri ego."

"vestri ego."

"Now keep repeating them in your head, then out loud."

I kept correcting her pronunciation till she had it perfect, then we went on to using the hand. I went and took one of the flowers from the vase, I bent the stem a little leaving a bruised crease. Laying it on the bed I wave my hand over the damaged part while reciting the words under my breath.

She picked it up, running her finger over the stem.

"Try it," I encouraged her.

She broke the stem near the bottom and put her hand over it, saying the words out load. The words were perfect, but the stem was unchanged. I took her arm, I could feel the tingle again; in time she would learn how to mask it. I explained that she had to feel the power flowing through her arm. I put my hand on her elbow, directing the flow through her arm.

"Put your hand above it now," I directed her.

With her hand above it for a few moments she spoke the words again. This time the stem was healed.

"It will take many hours of practice for you to do it regularly, practice on the flowers till you are confident.

I left her in her room practicing and went back to the main room. Martin was dancing in slow circles with Davina, she was feeding him another cookie. I sat down on the chair and took another one, we should be getting to the airport to check out these travel documents, but there was always tomorrow.

The three other girls were sitting over the other side, much as they'd done when we first arrived. I picked myself up and wandered over, crouching before the three of them on their chairs. They all were good looking, and had a healthy glow about them. I looked around the group as they looked expectantly at me.

"HI, my names T'Mershi Duween," I announced.

I wondered if they were all naked under their robes as Alice had been.

"Hi, I'm Bell." That was the brunette on my left.

"I'm Gayle." The auburn haired one announced.

I looked to the one on the right.

"Sam, Samantha that is, but I'm Sam round here.

Sam had lovely long straight black hair; it fell well down her back.

Introductions over I felt at a loss for words.

"I'm off to Brisbane," I said. It was the first thing into my head, I had to say something.

"Oh, I've been there," Sam said excitedly.

"Have you?" questioned Bell.

"Yes, I've got the stamp in my passport." She lifted her bag besides her, opened it and drew out a little green paste book. She leant across Gayle to show her.

"Can I see?" I asked, and she passed it over to me.

I riffled through it, taking in the texture, the printing and the picture in the back, I had it fixed and could make another with ease.

Handing it back to her I asked. "What's it like there?"

"Warm and nice, like here in Miami, and lots of thunderstorms. I remember lots of thunderstorms."

"You got any photos?" asked Gayle.

"Yes." she went fishing in her bag again. "I've got one of a sunset that I liked."

I felt my legs grow cramp. I sat on the floor, the girls were animated but I wanted to lay back.

Alice saved me, entering the room and calling me.

"T'Mershi, come and see."

I could see from her demeanour that she was starting to have successes. I got up of the floor, my legs feeling stiff, perhaps I should work the magic on myself.

In her room she was almost bouncing with excitement. On the bed lay a perfect flower.

"Can you do it again?" I asked her.

"I have done this one three times now. Look."

She twisted the stem just under the flower. Put her hand over it and whispered the words. The flower was good again, she had mastered the spell. 

"What else can you do? Can you make my boobs bigger?" she was unbuttoning her robe.

"Wait." But she didn't stop till she threw it back over her shoulders, standing bare breasted in front of me.

Her breasts were small, but well formed, perfect to my eye. Her nipples were plump and dark while her areoles were a bright pink circle on the pale cream of her breasts, each a handful or more. 

She moved forward, catching my hand and bringing it to her nipple. "I want them soft and warm and two sizes bigger. Can you do that?"

Magically I could make them look bigger, but I couldn't make it last.

Reluctantly I took my hand from her breast. "It is not in my power to change your body, at least not permanently." 

She looked crestfallen.

"I can make them look bigger for a while." I offered.

The smile was back on her face. "Please."

I waved my hands over her and mumbled a few words, imagining for her the breasts I had seen on the girl that had taught me back all that time ago in Yipell. 

"Ah," she cried with both joy and surprise, "They are heavier that mine." She examined them carefully, playing and pulling at the nipple.

She cupped one and stretched it to me. "Here, suck my nipple, I want to see what it feels like."

Hesitantly I leant forward, stooping a little, and took it into my mouth. Swirling my tongue around it as I sucked on her areole.

Her hand encircled my head, pressing it firm. "Ah, sweet jesus..., that's nice."

I brought my hand to the other, taking the nipple between finger and thumb.

She kissed the top of my head. "Come on lover, let's get on the bed." She shucked off the robe with a wiggle of her hips.

I dropped my disguise, the outer clothes of this world and unhitched my robe. I had on underneath the soft clothes of Magus's world, my tunic and shorts. 

Naked on the bed with her we kissed, tongues twisting together, while my hand sought her breast. Her nipple was firm as I rolled it, then pulled on it. She 'Mm....' in her throat, I felt the vibrations in our kiss.

She wriggled her leg, trying to get under mine, I let her then half rolled till I topped her. My mouth kissed her chin, her chest then latched on to her nipple again. I let my finger brush across her lips, then under her gums, along the edge of her teeth. She caught it with her tongue and drew it into her mouth to play with.

My other hand, meanwhile, had found its way to her belly, playing with the jewel in her navel. I left my thumb on the navel and let my fingers slide down into the sparse undergrowth of the hair. I could feel her shiver excitedly under me.

I pulled my finger from her mouth when she nipped the tip, falling on her free breast. My fingers athwart her nipple I rubbed and massaged it, whilst I pulled on her nipple with my teeth in mock revenge. Both nipples were full firm, signalling the start of the next phase, the delight of that marmalade pussy.

My hand left the field of hair and replaced my mouth, as my tongue crept down, tracking a path to that furry patch below. It paused at the navel, to burrow under the jewel, before continuing its relentless path to the pleasure that awaited.

As my hands squeezed and teased her nipples my tongue ploughed through the hair and met the folds and then the hood. My lips sank to massage it, while my tongue played at the entrance, inviting it out. My nose, almost touching the spread lips, could drink that musty aroma. 

I let her breasts go, the better that I could give my full attention to the savoury feast below. My freed hands came and split her legs further, whilst my leg flipped over as I straddled her.

I let my tongue slide to the midpoint of her valley then pressed my lips to suck hers in. She gave another shiver, and I felt a hand grasp my rampant tool. Her mouth was wet and warm as the head slide through her lips. It was my turn to express my delight.

My mouth worked her lips, sucking them in and out, my tongue stroking between them. 

She took me deeper, squeezing the head against the roof. I felt the exquisite pleasure to the root of my cock, much more of this and I would cum before we got to fuck.

I moved back to her clit and began a frantic manipulation, while raising my ass to give her less to play with.

"Well fuck me if you're ready," her voice coming from between my legs.

I swung round, moving to cover her as quickly as I could. She took my prick and eased it straight in, letting me push it into her in small strokes. I let my hips take up a slow rhythm, while I leant forward and kissed a nipple, then took the other into my mouth.

Her hands gripped my sides, I could feel her nails dig in. Her hips were thrusting at me, encouraging me to go faster, I let go of the breast and pushed up.

My strokes were faster, deeper now, her hand was down playing with her clit. She was panting and I could see the sweat glistening on her. She stretched her neck up, a grimace on her face, then....
