 I returned some two hours later, with books on technology, electronics, engineering and a few others. I was excited at the knowledge in their pages and went to Magus; his room was shut and locked. I could get no answer.

I used magic to open his door, hoping to find him asleep, but that hope was soon extinguished.

The next place to look would be the hotel bar, and that is where I found him. He was holding court with a group of young men, arguing against the existence of gods.

I rescued him, proffering the excuse that we had a later appointment and we needed to eat and ready ourselves.

We ate at the hotel restaurant, a good meal of some fish dish. With a free evening ahead of us he suggested that we go out and explore the culture of this world.

We wandered out onto the street and randomly turned right, walking down to the intersection and crossing turned left and walking till we found the first bar. Magus immediately ordered a glass of wine for the both of us, steering us to an empty table against a wall.

Whilst I sat and savoured the glass, Magus wanted to try more of the varieties on offer. He was finishing his second and waiting at the bar to select his third when the guy next to him commented that only gays drank wine.

Magus laughed, saying that he didn't think much of their wimpy beer, at least wine had taste and body. The guy wasn't too pleased by the counter and belligerently stuck his face up close to Magus's declaring that beer drinkers were twice as good as any wine lover.

Magus laughed again declaring that the beer must have addled his brain if he believed that. The guy took a swing at him, for an old man in the guise of a young one Magus was remarkably quick, he stepped back avoiding the roundhouse swing, but backing into the man next to him.

With his beer spilt he entered the fray, pushing Magus back towards his protagonist allowing him to take another jab. Magus was able to block that one but with the situation becoming more confused I began to consider an exit strategy.

Magus pre-empted my aid by swinging at the guy and knocking him to the floor, the guy whose beer he spilt wanted a piece of the action, catching him by the shoulder to pull him round. Magus turned and jabbed him in the gut, doubling him over. 

He needed little help from me, I would have been using magic to settle the matter, not something we wanted to do too often. We were afraid the use of magic would alert those who would see us fail, though we were sure they had little knowledge of the ring itself, they would know of our magic.

The fight was escalating with Magus dodging to the end of the bar, I was making my way round the perimeter of the room, heading for the door. As Magus also headed to the door we heard the wail of the approaching carriages of the constabulary. It was time to get out.

"Stay where you are."

The uniformed man was waving a weapon at us as he exited his vehicle, Magus and I both took to our heels, running from the approaching flashing lights. With reinforcements coming the constable gave chase, shouting at us to halt and surrender ourselves to his questioning.

Magus saw a carriage in front of us, the driver was getting out but the engine was still running.

"Quickly, we can use that vehicle to make our escape." Pointing at it.

While I went round to the passenger side he pushed the man aside and clambered into the driving seat.

"Do you know how to drive these things?" I asked him, as he closed the door.

"I think so," he replied, looking round at the controls.

He moved the lever between us and stabbed his foot on one of the pedals, nothing happened, he put his foot on the other and the vehicle shot forward, he turned the wheel narrowly missing the vehicle parked in front and we were off down the road.

His foot eased off the pedal as we speeded up, he laughed.

"This is easy," he said.

Unfortunately one of the constabulary carriages was visible behind us, and catching up fast. Magus turned the wheel as we crossed an intersection and there was trouble ahead. We were now in a stream of traffic.

Down the road in front of us was more flashing lights and the stream of traffic was slowing to queue in front. We were trapped, abandoning the carriage was an option, but with the flashing lights around us I couldn't see us getting far.

I levitated the vehicle as I would a broom; the magic word was 'levictus'. The car rose from the road, rushing headlong over the queue of cars lined up before us. 

The red and blue flashing lights of the constable's carriages slipped beneath us. Their upturned faces pulsing in the strobing lights, their arms pointing up with weapons in fists. I let us down gently. 

Magus pushed his foot down on the pedal again as the carriage first, jerked us forward as we touched, then backwards as the engine roared back into life. 

I turned and looked; the constables were following us, and gaining.

"Magus, take a side road."

We swerved round a corner, grazing some rubbish bins, as we straightened I levitated the carriage, pushing it high as fast as I could. We were rooftop high, some five floors up, before the carriages following us entered the alley. 

As we cleared the roof I turned us, gliding over the hotch potch roofscape below. There to our left was a square of roof big enough for our vehicle. 

I swooped over, hovering above. Slowly I let us land, the tyres touched and the undercarriage creaked. I released it, and there was an almighty groan. We dropped eight feet as the shed below gave way. 

Magus was the first to recover his wits, pulling the handle and pushing on his door with his shoulder. His door was stuck; no doubt our various bumps had caused it to stick. I tried my door; it opened perhaps six inches, stopped by the rubble of the shed.

I looked at Magus, then looked at the glass before us; I melted and softened it, then gave it a magical push. It fell clean away, skittering down the bonnet.

I clambered through, helping Magus as he cleared the steering wheel.

"We do not steal anymore of their carriages!" I proclaimed. "Next time we'll use magic."

"Well...."

"No, you said you could drive that thing!"

"I said 'I thought I could'." He wheedled.

"Nevermind, we will use magic next time."

We were still standing amid the rubble and our now useless carriage, I wondered about our erstwhile pursuers. Picking my way out I looked over the wall, there was some dingy alleyway below us, empty of life by the look.

Magus came to join me. Looking around at the dismal roofs left and right it was like an alien world, a world of dark colours and shadows.

I rescued a plank from the debris of the shed.

"Magus, let us get back to the hotel, and our nice warm beds." I floated the plank and sat astride it, waiting for Magus to mount.

I used my wand to activate the spell I'd put on the hotel door, it gave a feint yellow line to follow.

As, high above, we approached the hotel; I was dismayed to see the flashing blue red lights at its entrance. My heart pounded as I worried that they'd discovered the loss of the real ring.

I steered us into a darkened back alley and turned to Magus.

"Do you think it's about the ring?" I asked.

"I don't know."

"We should find out." I stated.

I changed our apparel, and our looks. We were two old men, dark suits and dark hats with long white beards. I created a cane and a limp for myself.

We walked from the alley onto the main street and slowly made our way to the hotel. Once there we pushed our way through the crowd of gawkers, till we stood before a constable who was barring the way.

"May we go through?" I asked.

"No, this is a crime scene. Come back in an hour or so."

"But we were to meet someone inside." I protested. "What's happened, has there been a murder?"

"Na, we're looking for two perps who hi-jacked a cab and caused mayhem with the crosstown traffic, we traced them back here. Now be on your way before you gets in trouble. Shalom."

We backed out of the crowd, turning and retracing our steps till there was distance between us.

"Well so much for the comfy beds, we'll have to find others for the night." I said sadly.

"But not around here." Put in Magus. "We'd best travel a distance from here before we try again."

"Let's go back to the plank, fly quietly to some other part of this town. It's getting dark now, no one will see us," I said

"Ay, why not." He replied.

We mounted the plank again, lifting into the air and skimming the rooftops. We had been flying less than five minutes when we saw a group of people gathered on one of the rooftops.

"Stop a minute." Magus prompted from behind me.

"What's the matter?" I asked.

"Nothing, I've got something I want to try."

I complied with his mysterious request, dropping us to the roof below.

"We'll join that group of people," he said, pointing to the roof some three across from ours.

With his wand he conjured up a bag.

"Ingredients," he said glancing at me.

Opening it up before me, he set about mixing the potion, adding all to the mortis set before him. Grinding it made a fine blue powder.

"We are ready," he proclaimed.

The powder worked, they greeted us as friends as he had promised. It was a formula used for settling squabbles, ensure calm in the proceedings. 

There were two men and six females, celebrating a birthday for Janice, the blond among them. We stayed there for an hour or so, till the late night air grew cold. Down where they lived, a 'two bed apartment, the party continued until the beer ran out.

I fished out some money from my pocket, donating it to the pool of money collected, and let one of the men with two of the girls go out for fresh supplies while we sucked at our half empty bottles. Magus wanted to go and look for some wines but was easily persuaded to stay and entertain the girls.

With fresh supplies of beer the party lasted another couple of hours, though it had been a long day for me I still felt surprisingly fresh, finding interest in the animated discussions of the state of the world, with its rising population and increasing pollution levels.

I could see Magus ensconced with the birthday girl, competing for her attention with one of the men as I listened to the two girls I sat with compared the merits of singles bars, nodding and agreeing as each in turn talked of one's they'd visited.

As the beer ran dry for the second time the others began to take their leave, exchanging hugs and kisses with the birthday girl as they exited, agreeing that it had been nice and they should 'do it again' soon.

Soon we were left alone with Janis, the blond birthday girl and her flat mate Silvia. Both were a little drunk and giggly, we helped tidy up a bit before they declared themselves tired and ready for bed, though they seemed a little reluctant to claim their beds.

Magus declared that we had need to discuss a private matter before we were ready to retire and both girls took that as their cue to leave us together in the living room. I shucked my guise and used our robes and the various scatter cushions to fashion a bed for us.

We were lying there, having decided our next move would be. We would travel down to this Florida place, it was far enough away to give us a good angle, and the climate was nice.

I thought of the girls, lying in comfortable beds, Sissy would be abed as well. This was the first time apart since we met that fateful day, some two years past. Was she missing me as much as I was missing her?

I heard movement, a door opening. Like a ghost the blond appeared, wearing only her undies I could see her white skin gleam. She approached Magus.

"I've got a cold bed, come keep me warm."

Magus needed no encouragement. He stood; half turned to me and shrugged his shoulders. Then followed the disappearing figure into the bedroom. I turned, propped on one elbow and watched as the door closed. 

Then five minutes after the other came for me. 

"Leaving it up to us to choose, how quaint of you."

I looked, puzzled, she was choosing me.

"Come, you want to have sex with me?"

I hadn't thought this would happen, being seduced by a girl. 

"But I am married." I protested.

"That's alright by me, it's just for fun."

I imagined my fun with Sissy, the kissing and tickling prelude to foreplay with the sex beyond it.

She pulled at my hand, taking me from our makeshift bed and leading me into her bedroom.

The bed lay open before us as she fumbled the buttons of my toga open, she with only her scanty underwear from nudity.

With my top off, she continued with the shorts I wore, my robe already gone to make a blanket.

She looked at me quizzically, "Unhook my bra then," she commanded me, turning her back. I looked at the strap, there were hooks in the centre, easily I pulled and released them. 

She shrugged forwards, letting it slide to the ground.

"Well come on then, you're not Gay are you?" She said taking my hands to her panties. She wriggled her hips as she pushed my hands down, thumbs caught in the waistband.

The panties slid down her legs as her ass ground into my groin.

Against my will my tool responded, rising up between her legs.

"This is just fun? I'm pledged to my wife."

She laughed. "I'm all for having fun."

She pulled me to the bed, we both falling sideways on it. She reached and pulled the blanket over us, twisting to face me as she did so.

I could feel her breasts, her hard nipples pressed against my chest.

Her hand snaked down to take my penis, as hard as I've ever had it.

She began to stroke it, then twisting, head dipping under the covering, she took it to her mouth.

I took her leg near me, and lifted it over my head. Letting her straddle me, so that I faced her mound.

As she played with me I let my tongue wander over her genitals.

I let my tongue find her clitoris, burying my nose as I sought to suck it.

She was taking my cock to the back of her throat, fucking me with her mouth.

My cum was quick in coming, in less than a minute I was filling her mouth with my seed, me sucking hard on her labia.

Licking me dry, she brought her knees to my side, opening her legs to give me greater access. More lazily now I began licking at her clit, my hands gripping her thighs. It was duty now rather than passion that propelled my actions.

My ministrations produced the desired result after a few more minutes lapping at her now dripping cunt, her thighs tightening on my head as the warmth of her cum filled my mouth, the scream she let out let everybody in hearing know that she'd climaxed.

She collapsed on top of me, then after a few moments turned to lie alongside me, I turned to my side, pulling her to me spoon fashion, my hand caressing her breast.

We lay quietly for a few moments, naked on top of the rumpled bedclothes, till a door opened in the wall behind me. Janice, from the other bedroom approached our bed.

"Silvia?" she enquired.

I heard my partner silently groan. "Yes."

"How was yours? Mines fast asleep. A five minute wonder, all fumble and fuck."

"Hers is still awake," I replied, turning to face her.

"Oh, I thought...."

"Go back to bed Janice." Silvia ordered.

She came closer. "Yours has got a big dick." My penis, lolling flaccid between my legs, twitched at mention of its name.

She leant over the bed, her breasts dangling before me, and clasped her hand around my tool.

"Janice!" Silvia complained.

"It's my birthday," Janice replied.

She leant closer to me, kissing me on the lips. Her free hand slipping easily behind my head.

She climbed onto the bed, pushing her tongue into my mouth. My penis now responding eagerly to her slow stroking.

Her hand released my tool, going to my hip and pulling me on top of her. 

She clasped her hands at my back and began kissing me in earnest; I could taste the alcohol on her breath.

She broke off and turned to Silvia. "Have you got a spare condom?" 

Freed from her kisses I let my mouth seek her breast, clamping onto her nipple and trapping it with my teeth. My tongue pressed on its tip, drawing an appreciative murmur from her.

I felt her turn and looked to see what was happening. Silvia was passing her a colourful little packet. She turned to me.

"Up, big boy." She squeezed out from under me; I lay on my side looking at her. Silvia at my back pulled me flat, and took my semi ridged cock in her hand again, while Janice ripped the packet open.

She leant over me while Silvia held my cock upright, 

Janice put her mouth to its head and pushed down till the head was squeezed by her throat, the sensation caused my cock to fully harden. Her mouth came slowly up, disgorging my wet glistening tool.

"It's easier to get on if it's wet, especially if it's a big one like yours." She looked at me, then back to my cock. She put the rubber ring on my head and, encircling it with her finger and thumb, rolled it down, squeezing lightly.

"There, now you can fuck me."

She was astride me, feeding my cock into her waiting wet hole before I could protest my vows to my Sissy.

She began to vigorously gratify herself, pounding on my hips. She reached over and grasped at Silvia, who rose to meet her hand. 

They kissed, and Silvia twisted, straddling me once more, her vagina an inch from my mouth.

I completed the triangle, my tongue slithering up her shaven lips, to seek her clitoris, hidden still in its hood. 

Time snuck past as our sexual excitement rose, Janis peaked first, her spasms gripping my tool fast, causing mine to rush upon me. Silvia was last, after some frantic tongue lashing on my part.

When she had finished coming, Silvia freed my face, moving close to hug Janice. 

My cock softened and I could feel it slowly being squeezed out. With a squelch it plopped out, I felt her fluid warm on my pubes and balls.

By mutual understanding they both rolled sideways, laying both entwined beside me. 

I used the pillow to wipe myself dry, pulling on the bulbous spunk filled end to ease the condom off and dropping it over the side of the bed. I lay, half curled, facing the girls; they continued to enjoy each other. I felt for the cover in the semi darkness and covered the three of us.

In the morn I woke to find Silvia clasped to me, spooning my back. 

I gently lifted her arm from my waist, but my action caused her to stir.

"Morning big boy," she murmured.

"Morning," I replied, swinging my legs to the edge of the bed.

"Where you off?" she asked, her voice still sleepy.

"Toilet."

"First on the left, Don't leave the seat up!" the last said as I exited the door, not thinking of my nudity.

In the bathroom I sat and urinated, looking at the shower here. It looked much more sophisticated than those Magus had in his palace. I thought of the glorious experience of my first one, the sun warmed water gushing over my head.

As I flushed the toilet and walked towards the shower Janice came in.

"Don't start without me!" she said, as she rushed to sit on the toilet herself and empty her bladder.

I opened the glass door and walked in, the controls and hose looked to be of gold, such a set would look nice in our bathroom.

I was still standing admiring when Janice came in behind me. Hair hidden in a plastic cap.

"Mm... animal." She scratched her nails down my back, then reached past me and turned the shower on.

The water surprised me, coming from the four corners. I looked up to the rose above me.

"No, I don't want it standard. Keep my hair dry."

She took the soap from its little alcove, and began soaping my chest. She worked from side to side and under my arms, dropping to my stomach when she finished there.

My penis began twitching in anticipation, rising to the occasion like a warrior for renewed battle.
