 Valeriya The Half Breed: Chapter 1 - The Hunters Prize.

My name is Valeriya, but that is not my given name. The name I was given by my parents I detest and never use, which caused them much grief. Supposedly I was the byproduct of an interaction between an African-American air force lieutenant and my mother who is 100% Japanese. The joke was on them when I came out with Japanese facial features, build, and skin tone to go along with my western looking blonde hair and blue eyes. It was obvious that my mother's new husband was not my biological father. The two of them divorced shortly after I was born.

Mother eventually latched on to another US air force member, they fell in love and were married. Even though I was his stepdaughter my mother's new husband decided to adopt me and give me his last name. I ended up with the last name Hernandez, which caused me so much grief amongst my peers. Even though I was part Japanese and was born in Japan, I was always gaijin and was picked on to no end. Even worse than being gaijin, I was called half-breed and because of that I did not fit in with the Anglos or the Japanese kids. No matter what I tried, or how nice I was to others I was always hated and tormented. This prompted Major Hernandez to put in for a transfer back to the states along with mother and me after his three-year tour of duty in Japan had ended.

I have no idea how much time has passed since my abduction outside a mall in Tokyo Japan as I never learned the conversion algorithm between Earth and Galactic Standard Time. All I know is that it has been a very long time. My abduction was pretty straightforward. The gray skinned humanoid looking creatures that took me prisoner in the mall's underground parking garage gave me little choice, it was either accompany them or they would vaporize my boyfriend. As bravery goes, my 26-year-old Staff Sergeant boy friend showed none and did his best to convince me to go with them. He even stood behind me and shoved me in their direction. I am not saying that he was a coward, but I suspect that he did have a brown moment when they pointed their atomic photon blasters at him.

I was abducted with another girl from the mall that day; she was an American dependent and like me had just turned eighteen. I suppose the alien abduction perverts knew how to spot girls who just celebrated their eighteenth birthday. The legality of our capture had been questioned a few times since the slave hunters were forbidden by the Galactic Trade Federation to hunt on worlds that did not possess faster than light travel, and at the time the people of Earth were only able to orbit their own planet with manned space stations and send unmanned probes to the nearest planet. 

The rules on slavery by the junta that was currently in control of the Galactic Trade Federation at the time of my capture believed in selective enforcement of the rules that they made. If you paid them enough they would look the other way on various offenses. In regard to my capture, the rules state that a slave cannot be coerced into entering a slave/owner agreement, yet when I was presented with my three-year servitude contract I was placed in an airlock with a tablet and a writing stylus. I was told that I had three minutes to sign three years of my life away before the airlock was opened to space. My captors would say that they never held a gun to my head, or a knife to my throat and that was true.

I was told that Larissa the girl that was captured with me refused to sign. I never saw her again so make of this what you will. I was processed into the slave's registry and received basic training on how to behave and to carry myself until I was auctioned off at the slave market. Since Earth was a planet off limits to slave hunters I found that a golden skinned Asian girl of medium height (5'5") and average weight (120 lbs) was not in great demand unless you take into consideration my long golden blonde hair and slightly above average breasts. Those two items started a nice bidding war for my services after my DNA was checked to ensure that my blue eyes, breasts and golden blonde hair were not fake. After the bidding was concluded I ended up with a Praxian Madame named Borella. She had great plans for me as one of her whores since my attributes were natural attention getters.

Humans made the best sex slaves I was told, and the rare Earth girls were at the top of the list given that we were the most entertaining, the girls from Asia were the best they say. I was not sure if that was because of our proficiency in sex, or if it was because that we were forbidden fruit that made us so valuable to our owners. My Madame and her clients considered me pretty and nicely built but I preferred to think of myself as an athletic tomboy. At a young age I found that I could out run, out jump, and out wrestle most of the boys in my age group. There were a few that were quite proficient at kicking my ass and did so often after calling me such names as lesbo and dyke. 

At the time we were stationed at Tyndall Air Force base in Florida and my stepfather wanted to get involved in my dilemma but the last thing I needed was for a Lieutenant Colonel to come down hard on the sons of enlisted men. That would have made things much worse for me so it was decided that I take classes in judo so that I could better defend myself and fight my own battles without parental interference and without being branded as a snitch. This is when I started to be more of a tomboy since the workouts helped me lose my baby fat in favor of lean muscle.

My training progressed well and I moved up through the ranks and the various colored belts. I never did get a chance to confront my tormenters as their fathers were transferred to other bases. My father swore that he had nothing to do with but I always suspected that he was responsible and did what he thought was right to protect his stepdaughter. We were transferred shortly after when father was promoted to Colonel and given an assignment as a squadron commander.

We moved to Japan where he was assigned to Yakota Air Base outside of Tokyo. The closest place for me to continue my judo training was too far away to be convenient so I traded judo for Shinobi or ninjutsu as it is referred to in the western world. Over the years the dojo trained me in hand to hand techniques as well as the Japanese long bow and various bladed weapons. Stepfather made sure that the dojo taught their students that their training was to be used only in competition and self-defense situations. 

He was concerned that his little stepdaughter would be turned into some sort of ninja assassin if I studied with the Shinobi masters. The owners of the dojo assured him that they trained in the art of the ninja just to pass the knowledge from one generation to the next without encouraging their students to graduate and become assassins. Their goal was to preserve the traditions of the Shinobi to future generations. After checking them out thoroughly my parents allowed me to train with the Shinobi.

Those that attempted to bully me in my new school soon found that the judo that I had taken was more than enough to put them down hard. One of the boys that did actually lay his hands on me in a non-friendly way found himself down on the floor in a very painful triangle chokehold. Lucky for him that one of the school's gym teachers was near by to break up the altercation before I forced him to tap out and admit verbally that girls are better than boys. The boy was sent to the principal's office while I was taken to the coach's office to discuss what I had done to the boy and who had taught me such an advanced hold. After about 10 minutes of interrogation I was asked if I would be interested in signing up for the boy's junior varsity wrestling team. I had never wrestled before but had watched many hours of professional wrestling on TV so I agreed to sign up. It was easy to get dad to sign the required papers but mom hesitated over the fact that boys would be groping their little girl in the name of sport. There was no girls' wrestling team so if I wanted to participate, it would have to be with the boys team.

Over the years from middle school to high school I lettered in several track events including cross-country, hurdling, and archery. The ninjutsu training included the longbow so it was not hard to apply that training to the compound bows in use by the school's athletic league. I kept most of my training a secret from my classmates since I did not want to scare off any potential friends or dates with boys. Even though I was good at keeping secrets I was not good at making friends or attracting boys since I quickly got the reputation as a tomboy, and the undeserved reputation as being a lesbian, which I was not. Another thing that worked against me was being a blue-eyed Japanese girl. That got me labeled as a freak, or a genetic mutant.

At the age of 15 I found myself looking to the young airmen on the base as my dating pool since some of the older girls at school were dating military guys that were way above their age. I gave it a try but once the airmen found out that my last name was the same as their commanding officer they took off and never contacted me again. There were a few not smart enough to make the connection, and if they did they were letting the wrong head do their thinking for them. This was ok with me since I was not a sexual prude or anything, nor was I a raging slut monster. I had a normal sex life and lost my virginity at a respectable age, but not such a respectable age that my parents would approve of.

When I turned eighteen I found myself interested in Japanese professional wrestling and started looking into making that my career of choice. My father was in the process of moving back to the states to command a flight training squadron in Texas. I decided to remain behind in Japan to train with Fuka Kakimoto who had accepted me as a student. It was not long after I began my wrestling training that I was kidnapped and enslaved. If I had the opportunity, I could have easily fought off my kidnappers had then not been pointing some sort of nasty looking beam weapons at us. The weapons that they were pointing at us worked quite well, as the beam fired at us was enough to stun us and put us down on the ground. Our bodies were unable to comprehend the signals being sent from our brains, but even though we could not move our eyes were open and we could see and hear everything but were powerless to defend ourselves or even cry out for help.

I suppose that my so-called boy friend was left lying in the parking garage while I was taken off planet. Even though I could not move during my abduction I could still hear, smell and feel and the first thing I felt was a sharp stinging sensation on the back of my neck followed by a small object or creature moving under my skin. It traveled upward under my skull and attached itself to my brain stem. When it found the spot it was looking for it felt as if a thousand microscopic tendrils snaked out from the device and bored into my brain. It was only then that I could understand what my captors were saying when they were not speaking broken Japanese.

This was when I was shown to the airlock and given an offer that I could not refuse. Of course I accepted and was quickly collared and given a short lesson on how the ownership collar worked and what sort of nasty things it could do to me if I failed to comply. The brief demonstration covered the range of pain that the collar could inflict as it sent signals, currents, and manipulations up my spine to my brain. After they had fun with the pain settings it was switched to a more pleasing mode. I was sitting on a metal bench in the processing room still wearing my jeans and air force brat t-shirt when I suddenly had the most powerful orgasm that I had ever experienced. It went on for what seemed like forever and in the throws of my orgasm I became weak and eventually passed out while my captors watched and stroked them selves to their own orgasm.

When my eyes opened my captors were in the process of stripping me naked and dressing me in a beige dress that looked like a linen sack that had holes cut out for the neck and arms to fit through. I was told that maybe if I was good my new owner would dress me in something more fitting, but for now I was dressed the same way that the other females were dressed as they put me in the holding cells with their other captives. As I looked around I could see that they were all female and were humanoid but not human if that makes sense.

They came in all shapes, sizes, and colors. Some had hair, some did not but they were all what would be classified as mammals on Earth but they were not human like me. Their heights ranged from about 4 ft to around 8 ft, but given the difference in height there was not much difference in figure as all of the women captives had pleasing facial features, shapely figures, and medium to large breasts. I was not sure how I fit in with this group since I was never considered shapely but if the boys could be believed, I had a "nice rack." 

As far as my "rack" was concerned I was only a "B" cup but on my slender Asian frame with a push up bra those B's looked like C's so in that respect my looks were a bit deceiving. Being a tomboy all my life my figure was not something that captured someone's attention but in all honesty I mostly dressed in jeans, t-shirts, and sweatshirts unless I was working out. Even then I never dressed sexy since that would draw the attention of the lunks and I hated having to deal with those wanna be macho men.

I should have been scared but for some reason I was not. I did not know whether to attribute that to the device that had crawled inside my brain, or the collar that I was wearing. Since it was a device to control me I figured that it must have some sort of calming setting that they were using on me and the rest of the captives. The explanation of the device installed in my brain indicated that it was about the size of a kernel of rice and functioned as a universal translator. It was also a storage device that holds a captive's original configuration so that at the time of our release we can be put back to the way that we were found in case some sort of accident took place or our owners went too far with our branding, punishments, or fetish alterations. The device would also preserve our memories and experiences in case for some reason we needed to be reincarnated. They did not elaborate on that part but it sounded quite fatalistic in nature and it was something that I didn't want to learn about first hand.

Our captors did not hang on to us long since it cost money to feed us. I had never been in space before so I was not sure how they calculated time, which meant that I had no idea how many days passed since my capture. I was thankful when we docked at a space station so that I could get off that cramped ship. They kept us caged in a small cargo bay that made any sort of comfortable sleep damn near impossible. I was not looking forward to my being sold, nor was I looking forward to returning to that cramped cage with only one portable toilet for 23 three captives and no running water for us to wash ourselves. We all stunk to high heaven by the time we entered the spaceport.

When we went through customs I noticed that my paperwork stated that I was from a planet called Toman 3. The girl next to me noticed that and whispered that my papers were forged and that my home planet did not exist. Since I was the only Earth human in the group I figured that my papers were forged to hide the fact that my captors were hunting on a planet that was off limits. On the journey to the spaceport I tried to get close with a few of the girls that seemed friendly toward me but they all had the same idea that it was not good to make friends amongst our group when we were just going to be split up at the auction house and would most likely never see each other again. I guess they were right about that but still it would have been nice to have someone to talk to during the trip.

The customs officer took offense at the way we smelled and ordered us to be taken to the medical section for a check up after we were hosed down. Hitting us with a solid stream of water hurt like hell and did very little to actually clean us since they failed to give us soap to wash ourselves or our clothing. We did smell a bit better until our clothing dried and then the smell slowly returned. Once we cleared customs we were all chained together and made to march in a straight line since our right legs were chained together and our arms were handcuffed behind our backs.

Along the way to the auction house we suffered numerous propositions, catcalls, wolf whistles, and insults. Most of the women we passed called us various names that were mostly associated with whores and concubines. Some of them even threw things at us. I could see no reason for the hostility toward us since we were all captives and did not ask to be captured and sold into slavery.

This was when many of the girls were finally hit with a dose of reality and began to cry. Myself I never cried even though I was unhappy with my situation I knew that crying and acting all girly would do nothing to rescue me from what I would have to endure for the next three years. My stepfather always expected me to be strong and to reason my way through any situation that I found myself in. Since I was shown what the collar I wore was capable of I knew that resistance was out of the question and that for now submission was my best way forward until another opportunity presented itself. There was always hope that I could find myself sold to a rich family that needed a maid or nanny but from what our captors told us that this was an unlikely outcome. Those of us that were not taken, as sexual servants would be sold as wives to asteroid miners out on the galactic rim, or pressed into service with the military. In a way I was sort of hoping for the military with my background and martial arts training until I found out that my role with the military would be as a pleasure girl for the troops.

When it came time for me to be auctioned off I commanded a healthy price and though I was announced as being from Toman 3, everyone there knew that this meant that I was from an off limits world and that drove the price up since for some reason Earth girls had a reputation for their beauty and they sexual prowess. Too bad they did not know that I had the sex drive of a stone and that I was not the graceful thing that they were expecting. I did have experience with sex but from the reaction my boyfriends had to our adventures under the sheets, I knew that I needed to step up my game. The one good thing that I had going for me sexually was that I loved oral sex and was told that I was quite good at it, but I failed miserably when things moved past the oral stage. I was told that other than oral I was quite mundane.

Before I was sent on stage at the auction house I was stripped, hosed down and fondled by several pre auction appraisers. Several of the appraisers donned medical gloves and probed my lower entry points. One of the appraisers thinking out loud commented, "Nice and tight... good elasticity... recommend purchase." The following appraiser stuck a device inside me that had a small air compressor attached to it. The device was about six inches in length and fit in easy, but then things got a little uncomfortable as the device was inflated to a point where I was being stretched a bit too much. One of the auction house staff members noticed my discomfort and confiscated the device from the appraiser with the warning, "You know that these devices are prohibited as they stretch out the merchandise before it can be purchased." The offending appraiser however had time to record the numbers that were displayed on the readout pad and mumbled, "Impressive" as he made his notes.
