 A quick reminder: I'm not an experienced gambler and not sure the nitty-gritty of the game would make for good fic here anyway. Apologies if I goofed anything. There's a psychic alien at the table, anyway.

Tags up front: Alien, psychic powers, consent, mind control, ffm, lingerie, orgy, harem, blowjob, polyamory, power fantasy, prostitutes, sex party. This one has a little bit of fighting, too. Also unnatural sexual stamina and sensitivity because of psychic sex powers.

*****

The game resumed with Kyle at an all-time high. He'd never felt so good short of having sex, and he'd just done that. A lot of that. Julie might be long gone, but her hallway cheating blowjob had been great enough. Now he was only minutes from his last fling, with not one but two new dates for hire for the night—both of them now seated with the two girlfriends he'd brought to the game.

They smiled and laughed together, each of them grinning like she'd just won a lottery and no one else knew. They all knew what they shared by now, of course. Asami and Angela were out on the balcony before he'd finished fucking Katie and Brooke to eagerly watch. Kisses were shared all around. Every one of the women claimed at least a taste of his cock in a sort of spur of the moment sealing of an unspoken erotic pact. Everyone watched each such taste with approval and desire. Even Miranda, still downstairs in the monitor room, felt like she was a part of everything through Xin's telepathy. Asami made a point of slavishly licking and sucking him clean as he leaned back against the balcony before putting his clothes back together.

Kyle returned to the game with his girlfriends and his new dates feeling more comfortable than ever with their relationships. Half the rush came from the group dynamics: the way they played off one another, the comfort and trust, and the harmony. Kyle felt a growing sense of easy possessive influence them and even power... and he felt how much they all liked that, too. He felt comfortable with it. Energized.

It all fed Xin. He felt her growing strength in the way absolutely no one in the lounge questioned the return of Katie and Brooke despite the departure of their original date. Not out loud, anyway. Xin assured him without words that everyone had a sense of it. Kyle had not only vanquished David, but claimed his dates—and each of the staffers, his opponents, and their companions all found reasons not to challenge their presence.

As if glued to his side and stroking his cock and whispering dirty thoughts into his ear, Xin deliberately encouraged all his thrills. Bound to his body and his mind, it might have been closer to masturbation for her, but it felt good for them both. Ongoing pleasures renewed her power even as she spent it to keep the party going.

"Katie and Brooke are all yours as long as we're in town," she told him privately. Kyle sat at the table with cards in hand, but Xin occupied more of his attention than the game. Thankfully, she could run him through the game while teasing and encouraging him telepathically. "They're not on board for come-what-may like the others. They've both got lives here in Vegas. Family and friends and stuff like that. But they're on for the trip, and we can make sure they'll welcome any return visits."

"Awesome," thought Kyle. His eyes glanced around the table. Tatsuo, Michael, and Emile were all fully occupied with the game. He could tell through Xin's senses that each was a little shaken by the turns the night had taken. Kyle moved on from them to more interesting presences. "What about Shannon and Rose? How's this going over with them?"

"Mmm, yeah, that's the real fun part." Xin guided his eyes to Shannon, tall and well-endowed and lovely with dark hair cut in a short, asymmetric style. She watched her husband Michael with an even stronger poker face than his, but Kyle knew more was going on beneath the surface. Xin pierced it easily. "Shannon is starting to feel hope. She sees what's going on. You told her you were gonna take Michael down for good and she's starting to believe you can do it. But she's seen enough shit go wrong in her life to know better than to hope for too much, so she's keeping that hope at arm's length. Oh, and I might be stoking some of her turn-ons here, too."

"Her turn-ons?" Kyle wondered.

"She loved working in porn. She loved the fantasies. She knew how to look out for herself, who to work with and who to avoid. Michael was a mistake that snowballed and dragged her away. She'd go back to that life if she could. You're something beyond all that, though. She sees you swaggering in here with two women and then picking up two more. She can see you keeping them satisfied. You're not a fantasy for the cameras. You're that kind of fantasy become reality, and you've already established you're more than testosterone and greed. She wants that."

Every word came like a kiss in his ear. He liked living those fantasies, too. Then his eyes came to the statuesque Nigerian woman in slacks and a blazer over a silver top. If Shannon tried to hide her emotions, the remaining "date" among the audience seemed alert and tense. "What about Rose?"

"She sees things going sideways, too. She's not sure how Emile is going to react. Given all the blackmail and other leverage he's got over her, she's more than half expecting him to ask her to do something rash to fix this...as in hurting you. She doesn't want to have to do that."

As he took in Xin's insights, Kyle's eyes fell to his cards. He blinked, then looked up at his fellow players. Thankfully, and perhaps at Xin's influence, none of his opponents noticed his tell. Kyle quickly looked over the chips and cards on the table. For once, he put together a plan even faster than Xin. "Then let's make sure she doesn't have to," he thought.

Xin read his mind, of course. She probed one opponent's mind to see if it might work. "Oh. Wow. Yeah...I think you're right. We can do this."

They watched the other players. Tatsuo waited calmly, Michael glowered with frustration, and Emile tried to hide his rising hope. The latter was in the tightest spot, holding the smallest hoard of chips on the table, but his hand improved with this game. He had a chance for a rebound. Another round of betting set up Kyle's move. Tatsuo folded, conserving his chips for a better hand. Michael bowed out with a grunt. That left only Kyle and Emile.

Kyle casually pushed forward more chips than Emile could match.

"Cute," Emile sighed. "I would have to go all in to stay in this game."

"Hold on," said Kyle. "You've got more to offer than your chips on the table. Hell, you've got enough to make me go all in just to keep up. It's just you and me now. We can come to an agreement."

Xin's power reached out in every direction, smothering objections to a deviation from the rules. The game had its limits. Kyle wanted to exceed them. Xin pushed his opponents to keep their minds on Kyle's fortune in chips and any opportunity to get them back and knock him out of play, and thus they held their silence.

"What do you have in mind?" asked Emile.

"All the leverage you have on Rose," Kyle answered. 

Already paying close attention to the game, Rose sat up a little straighter in her seat. She seemed tense, ready to move, but held her silence and watched. Kyle read her alert nerves easily enough. She sensed an opportunity she could not have expected.

"I'm sorry, what's this? Leverage?" Emile feigned a chuckle. "Is this how you operate with your companions?"

"You know what I'm talking about," Kyle replied evenly. "You'll hand it over to her, not to me. Here and now. If you win, you win and I leave. If I win, I get the chips and she walks away with the leverage and never has to see either of us again if she doesn't want."

The suggestion pushed the limits of Xin's power. Charged up or not, she still wasn't back to her full normal capacity. The cracks showed as his opponents balked. "What the hell are you talking about?" blurted Michael.

"You can't be serious," Emile scoffed.

Tatsuo seemed to turn a shade darker. "Who are you?"

"I'm the guy who's sitting here with all your money," said Kyle, as much for Emile as for the rest of them. "You want a chance to get it back, don't you?"

"Who says you're gonna walk out with it?" Michael sneered.

"I do," said Kyle. "So does the casino who's hosting us and who promised us all a legal game. Anyway, you folded. This is between me and Emile." He looked Emile in the eye as he pushed all of his chips out to the center of the poker table. "You can match all this right now. Either you win it all and I'm out, or you lose everything, anyway."

His eyes flicked once to Rose. She kept watching with the same tactful silence. Xin told him more, of course: "Hot. Fucking. Damn. Kyle. This is a good move with her."

"I mean what I said," Kyle noted to Xin. "If this works out, it's her choice. This isn't leverage on her to hook up with us. No pressure, no influence."

"Yeah, but Kyle—"

"Xin, I'm serious. Her situation is fucked and I don't want to take advantage of that."

"Totally cool, but the thing is you're fucking hot and this is exactly the way to play it to win her interest beyond the sex appeal," Xin pushed back with glee. "I'm not gonna hide the sex appeal because it's legit and she's already noticed. But this? This is the right thing to do, which also makes it the best move. If it works," she taunted. "Anyway. Working my end of it here."

He felt Xin push her influence harder. The others quieted. Emile hesitated, thinking his way through it. Kyle's eyes hardened. "Do it for real," he warned. "I'll know."

Emile steeled himself and produced a pen from the pocket of his blazer. He pulled a napkin from beside his drink to jot down several notes. "Rose?" he beckoned.

She walked over to him with the same cool wariness she'd held for most of the night. From another pocket, Emile drew a ring of house keys, and with it a flash drive. He held the set and the napkin up to Rose. "For safe keeping," he told her, and smiled. "Don't go anywhere, darling."

"Of course," she said, taking a single step back from the game. Rose glanced to Kyle only once, catching a tiny nod he gave to acknowledge her. He wasn't sure what to say.

For her own part, and in full mental view of Kyle, Xin didn't say much, either... except to help Rose "guess" Emile's passwords. Xin helped her with a little distracting influence, too. Nobody but Kyle and his companions saw Rose try the passcode on Emile's phone and immediately gain access.

"These phones are a real vulnerability to you humans," Xin joked to Kyle. "You know that, right?"

"When they can be exploited by invisible telepathic aliens, sure," Kyle taunted back.

"This is all a little unusual," spoke up the dealer. He looked from one man to the other. "Are we settled? Do we continue on?" Emile nodded. No one else objected. Kyle pushed his chips out to the center of the table.

Confident in his hand, Emile laid down his full house.

Kyle set down four of a kind.

In only seconds, Emile ran through several reactions: startled, then disbelief, then sudden certainty he'd been cheated, then doubt and another look around the table. He had a good hand, but he'd tracked the rest of the game poorly. Cards he'd thought already accounted for were now laid out in front of Kyle.

"Foolish," said Tatsuo.

"Shut up," Emile grunted. He left his seat, turning to face the woman standing behind him. "Rose," he began. His eyes flicked to the phone in her hand as she scrolled through it. "What are you doing?"

"Making good on your wager," she replied.

"You can't seriously think it's that simple."

She held up his phone and his keyring. "I have your home. I have your car. I have your files. I have your safety deposit box."

"Whoa, his home?" Kyle asked Xin silently.

"Told you this was an excellent move," Xin answered. "Watch."

"Consider it compensation for unpaid wages, said Rose. "You know I have more than enough here to destroy you, far beyond anything you could ever do to me." Emile stepped closer. Rose stared him down. "Touch me and I will break every bone in your arm."

"I'll help," Asami piped up from her seat nearby.

"You are too kind, but there will be no need," said Rose. "I hold more than enough leverage now."

Kyle sensed how much Rose needed this moment without any of Xin's help. He asked silently, "Can we make sure nobody else interferes?"

"Don't need to," Xin replied. "I already checked. Granted, her keeping all his shit is kind of theft, but Tatsuo and Michael are happy to let Emile hang. Everyone else's first instinct is to stay out of it. And it's not like Emile is asking for help."

The staredown continued. "Don't throw everything away so rashly," said Emile. "We can discuss this in private."

"Or you could leave me alone forever," said Rose. "I like that option best." She glanced meaningfully at the game behind him. "You still have a little money left on the table to lose."

Emile shook with anger. He cursed at her in his native French and stormed out of the lounge. The door swung shut behind him, returning the room to a calmer mood. Rose looked back once to Kyle, nodding and smiling coolly. She returned to her seat to busy herself with Emile's phone. As with Katie and Brooke, no one objected to her decision to stay.

Knowing grins flashed from Angela and Asami. Though not as deeply in the loop, Katie and Brooke were entertained and pleased. Once more, Shannon took in the scene with the cold and calculating eye of someone who saw a chance...except when her eyes flicked back to catch Kyle's eye, he saw a quiet, guarded hope.

The dealer cleared his throat, pulling everyone's attention back. Oh right, thought Kyle. The game. Already, the staffers had his chips arranged again. "We'll put our departed player's remaining chips in the pot," said the dealer. "Another round?"

"Please," said Tatsuo. "Let us continue."

The three remaining players put their ante into the pot. The dealer passed around their first cards. Kyle had nothing better than a single Jack, but it was a start.

As soon as the next round of betting came, Tatsuo pushed his modest collection of chips forward. "All in," he said.

Kyle blinked. "Did he even look at his cards?" he asked his silent partner.

"He did," replied Xin. "He knows exactly what he's doing."

"That good, huh?" grunted Michael.

"The wise know when to cut their losses," said Tatsuo.

With little on the table to begin with, Michael bowed out. Tatsuo waited. Kyle matched his stacks of chips easily from his hoard. At the dealer's cue, Kyle and Tatsuo revealed their cards. Nothing in Tatsuo's hand beat Kyle's single high card.

Tatsuo stared at Kyle. "I trust we will not be opponents again," he said. With that, he stood from his chair. His pair of bodyguards stood as well. Tatsuo offered only a polite nod to his opponents before he stepped away.

"Uuuh, how bad is it if we're letting him go?" Kyle wondered. "He's a bad dude, right? Like, he's actual yakuza."

"He is, but he's not holding anyone prisoner or planning any imminent violence," Xin answered. She didn't sound any firmer than Kyle felt. "This trip he's on right now is all legal. It's legitimate vacation. This is a gut punch to his current personal finances, at least. It won't put him out of business like a couple of the other douchebags we faced tonight, but...better than nothing, maybe?"

Kyle's eyes fell to Asami as Tatsuo and the others left. She looked back to him with a guarded smirk of sympathy. He read the message in his cop girlfriend's eyes even without telepathy: "You can't win 'em all. At least you gave him a good kick in the shins."

One more opponent remained, along with one more companion. Kyle looked to Shannon again and felt a little less disappointment over Tatsuo. Like Rose, she was in a shitty situation. Sexy hook-ups afterward or not, she needed help. That made her a higher priority than the guys walking out of the game.

"Yeah, about that," Xin replied to his thoughts. "You know what would be a really good way to break the ice with Rose?"

The host cleared his throat. "We haven't played long, but normally we take a break before the last two players move on. Shall we pause briefly?"

Kyle's eyes immediately met Rose's. Their gaze held for more than a beat, with Xin obscuring the length of their silence from the rest of the room to offer them a moment. Rose stared back with her chest rising and falling with heavy breath.

He felt powerful. He understood exactly what Xin implied. He understood, and he trusted her. "Sure, let's do that," he said.

"Fine," Michael grumbled. "Whatever."

Xin's influence cleared the way. No one paid Kyle any mind as he stepped around the table to meet Rose as she stood. No one except for his companions. All of them—four now—eyed his move with eager grins. Two merely gave in to Xin's influence, exchanging any sense of jealousy for arousal. Two more knew full well to expect more visceral pleasures than a mere turn-on. The four turned to one another for added amusement and distraction as Kyle joined Rose for a wordless walk to one of the short hallways to the private bathrooms. Everyone else went about other distractions.

Kyle felt his cock swell rapidly against his pants before they reached the door. It almost changed his stride. He felt his skin grow sensitive and his breath heavy. With only a sideways glance at Rose, he knew she experienced much the same sharp, intense arousal.

They closed the door behind them. Without a word, Rose turned to face him, her back to the wall. Eyes locked on his, Rose silently unfastened her slacks and pushed them away. Her lace white panties followed. Kyle matched her moves, freeing himself without ever looking down.

She said nothing. Her hand came to his face, drawing him closer, but they didn't kiss. With her garments fallen only a short distance above the knee, Rose couldn't spread her legs much, but it hardly mattered. She was more than wet enough to welcome the long cock that pushed in between her thighs.

Empathic connections rushed in as quickly as pleasure. Rose understood everything Kyle wanted her to know. She knew her freedom, knew no strings came attached to his help, and gave in to Xin's telepathic seduction willingly. She wanted this. She wanted him.

"Aaah," Rose gasped as his cock came upward and inward. This wasn't ideal; she could part her thighs only a little, but it was enough to establish some intimacy. His arms around her waist and a little telepathic conducting soon made for a smooth, enjoyable rhythm.

Her eyes stayed locked on his. Penetration stole her breath, turning her strength to vulnerability as he pleasured her. Still, she held his gaze. "You helped me."

"Yeah. It was right."

"Expec...mmh... expecting nothing in return?"

He kept fucking her. "No. You don't owe me anything, ever."

"But you want me," she breathed.

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Because you're amazing," he told her.

"Aaahhh," she whimpered, pleading with her eyes for more. He obliged. They never rushed, never paused. She'd never felt so good, and knew it would get much better in better circumstances. "You are a good man?" Rose asked.

"I try to be." He grinned a little. "Living a pretty decadent life, though."

"The others seem happy."

"It's no good unless we all enjoy it. If we all want it. Everyone is free to play."

"But... you're... possessive?"

"It's a turn-on. A kink. Not a philosophy."

"Mmmh! It's a very good kink!" she breathed. "How... how many more?"

"There's gonna be a lot," he said honestly. "All the time. I'll always want more."

"But you want me?" she breathed. "That and... more... with me?"

He nodded. "Yes."

She understood exactly what he meant. Empathic connections made the depths of his desires clear, along with his priorities. Unexpectedly for her, she found it all appealing. One more aspect of this wild pleasure invading her.
