 Although I would never will or trick Drasco into my bed, I would not lie by saying I did not want him there. 

It was a test of my strength to not have him that night in the cold. But he wasn't ready. The princess was in his head and heart too deeply. It would have been unfair to us both. I felt the air was different between us. It was not uncommon for travelers to share a room and I felt that something was happening in the air. The civet oil and jasmine were to enhance my power not trick anyone. 

The evening of readings was not nearly as taxing as watching the village girls fawning over Drasco. He was handsome with his dark hair and eyes and broad shoulders. He was easily the tallest man in the room. Every girl near him stared up at him as if he were a god come to grace them with his mere presence. And that man, damn him, preened like a peacock and made the most of it. 

I drank a lot of ale. Not enough to diminish my power or even to make me lightheaded. I did want it to try to dull my feelings toward Drasco. As I watched him I thought of the ways that I could make his body and his spirit soar. I did not want to appear over anxious. 

I knew he would follow after I got rid of the prostitute by tossing the boy in her path. I knew he didn't have any money but the charm I gave him would be easily exchanged for a few hours of company. 

I took longer than necessary to remove my boots. I wanted him to undress me and I knew it had to happen on his terms. He made me very angry by calling those women good looking. He had never even called me a woman. I have always hated that my anger and jealousy from my Human side always surged forth before I could control it. I wanted him to think that I was as good and as lovely as any of the women he had seen. Or even the princess. 

Before I could stop myself, I had adjusted my clothing to tease him with glimpses of my breasts and waist. I'm not sure why I thought this would help my case, I'm shorter than most full blood elves and a little stockier, but my breasts were just as full as any other woman's there that evening. 

I caught him looking at me with mild amusement, then felt his mood shift as he stared at my collar. I felt the twinge that always appeared when my pendant disappeared and I knew my eyes were flashing their gold sparks. I lowered my belt and my tunic opened completely. He stood and gave me a look that was like a caress. I had to hold myself back; all I could think was of what I wanted to do to him. But I also wanted him to feel that he could take from me what he needed. 

I knew that he was mine for a few hours, and that none of him belonged to the princess tonight. I reached for his hand to prompt him. He looked at me with slight surprise. 

I heard him think, "what should I do?" I kissed the palm of his hand to encourage him. He lowered his hand and pushed my tunic from my shoulders. It puddled on the floor and he began stroking my shoulders. His hands felt rough, but I welcomed it. I wanted to feel his roughness all over me. I had to remind myself to stop and to let him do as he would. He saw my scars and instead of being horrified he seemed fascinated. 

I almost lost complete control when he licked the scar and then shared his kisses with the rest of my body. He continued to undress me slowly. I was mesmerized by his gaze and by his adoration. When he had me naked, he carried me to the bed. I wanted him so badly by then, I was afraid to think too hard. I wanted him to want me because he truly wanted me, not because he was so driven by lust that any woman would do. 

All thought left me as he lavished me with kisses and nibbles and light bites. I moaned and sighed, I was more than ready for him. I wanted his beautiful body on me and in me. I drew him up and kissed him. I could taste myself on his lips, and I wanted all of him. I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and he entered me slowly. I caught my breath slightly. It had been a very long time since I had wanted anyone this much and he slowed as if he were afraid he was going to hurt me. 

I didn't care. I welcomed the exquisite pain and then joy of being filled by a man. Not just a man, but this man. I did everything I could to hold back, but I was enjoying him as much as he seemed to be enjoying me. I wanted more. I wrapped my body around him, knowing that soon he would be gasping and moaning with his climax. Then I could do what I had dreamed of. 

He kept me wrapped in his arm for several minutes. There was no artifice in my thoughts and actions. I had been thinking about what I would do if I could have him. I lay next to him on the bed and closed my mind to his thoughts. I wanted this to be honest. I didn't have to use any of my seeing powers to know that while he was satisfied, he wanted more. 

I wanted him in every possible way. He stroked my arm and back as I rolled to rest my chin on his chest. He asked "What are you thinking" 

I smiled and said, simply, "All of the things I'd like to do to you." He smiled hugely and I saw his body respond. 

I kissed his chest and climbed on top of him. He slipped his arms around my waist and stroked my back as I licked and kissed his throat. I drew myself back up and kissed him. 

I said, "I love your lips. I could kiss you forever." He ran his hand through my hair as I licked his lips and nibbled his lower lip on my way back down to his throat. I ran my hands over his body as I continued down across his broad chest and I could not stop myself from biting his arm. He was so well muscled that I couldn't resist him. I could feel the tension in his arms and body as I approached his hip bone. I licked and kissed the tender area just above his hip and drew my tongue across his stomach to his other hip. He made a sound that was between a groan and a growl. I ignored this and licked my way down his thigh to his knee. His entire body was tense and clenched I worked my way back up his other leg. He was so hard that it was difficult to ignore. I rested my head on his thigh and stroked him gently. I was thrilled at the velvety hardness of him. He moaned again. I raised my head and took him into my mouth. I alternated gently sucking him with licking him gently up and down the shaft. He groaned softly. I did this for several minutes. Then stopped abruptly. He groaned in disappointment and frustration. I kissed his stomach and smiled up at him. I took as much of him as I could in my mouth and slid up and down for a moment and then lowered myself on him. 

He gasped loudly. He wrapped his arms around my waist as I lowered myself up and down on him. He reached for my breasts and rubbed my nipples with his fingertips. I arched my back with pleasure. I leaned forward and kissed his luscious mouth as he grabbed my hips with urgency. I rubbed against him, refusing to let him take control. I circled my hips until I felt my own climax starting to build. 

I stopped. Kissed his briefly and rose off of him. He made a protesting sound, but then I turned around and lowered myself back down facing his feet. I knew this would make me feel tighter and that I would feel him deeper. I leaned forward slowly and he stroked my back and buttocks. I worked myself up and down on him, stroking any part of him I could reach. I went slowly for as long as I could. Then I let myself do as I liked. I rose up and down on him as he gripped my hips and thrust under me. I could feel my climax building as he grabbed me as hard as he could and thrust up with a final shout.