 Note: As with all mythology, I have taken a few liberties and bent the legends to suit my desires.

***

I was once a Sergeant in Odin's Grand Army. A leader of a legion of the mightiest winged Valkyrie warriors ever known. Serving the Goddess Freya, we were undefeated in battle, we wore our armor with pride and served for hundreds of years throughout the realms in countless battles to drive away the enemies of love and beauty.

But we were betrayed by General Agricola, one of Odin's Generals, who had been deceived by the Goddess Hel to believe that the winged Valkyries were a threat to Odin himself. Hel convinced him that one day we would rise up and overthrow Odin's army, leaving him unprotected and at our will. In fact, Hel, like her father Loki, was jealous of Freya and her twin brother Freyr and felt that the success of their legions in battle had created too much peace throughout the realms and was diminishing the flow of souls to Helheim.

In a single night, through coordinated attacks on the ten Valkyrie legions in their encampments, Hel's servant and his armies wiped Freya's winged Valkyries almost completely from existence. General Agricola arranged for his armies to be on duty as sentries in all the camps, leaving the Valkyries to celebrate their latest victory and drink to their fallen sisters. Just before dawn, the night's revelry having taken its toll on us, hordes of dwarves and light elves swarmed their encampments and began the slaughter. No alarm was raised by the general's soldiers who were responsible for security of the camps and their legions. We were outnumbered a hundred to one and taken completely by surprise in our sleep. We fought with all our souls, but the sheer number and treachery was more than we could overcome. The attacking armies were battered and took heavy casualties, but in the end most of my sisters were slain, many before they could get out of their tents.

As I emerged from my tent in my armor and helmet, wielding my great broadsword, I took an axe to my right leg just above the knee from a dwarf waiting outside our tent for us. Wounded and unable to stand, I was barely able to decapitate the dwarf who had attacked me and wrap a piece of my shirt around the wound enough to slow the bleeding. My tentmates emerged behind me and were quickly swarmed under by a mass of dwarves. The few of us that survived slipped off and separated. Hel sent troops of undead souls to hunt us down and many were captured and brutally slain. Their wings were cleaved off and they were dismembered piece by piece in a barbaric and vengeful display designed to terrorize any survivors. 

Limping badly, I made my way to a portal in the center of the encampment that had been left unguarded in the attacker's zeal to hunt down any survivors. I didn't know where the portal would take me, but if I was to survive and avenge my sisters, I had to be anywhere but there. So completely unaware of the source or depth of the betrayal behind the events of the evening, I stepped through the portal to whatever fate awaited me.

At the other end of the portal I found myself in a surrounding I had never seen before, odd since I had been to eight of the nine realms, all but Midgard, what the inhabitants call earth. If I was on Midgard, I would be safe for a while as it is a realm where even Hel dared not send her troops for fear of Odin's wrath. Odin had a special place in his heart for the inhabitants of Midgard and had deemed it off-limits to the armies of the other eight realms. Alone and badly wounded, I found myself in a dark wooded area, deep in the mountains. All around I could hear creatures, snarling and growling and the sounds of death. The sounds of a single sword tearing flesh and the horrible cries of creatures being slaughtered.

Dragging myself toward the sounds, wondering if one of my sisters had made it through the portal and had been ambushed, I came upon an unforgettable sight. A beautiful warrior, her great and powerful black wings spread as she wielded her sword and fought off an enormous swarm of hideous, snarling beasts. The warrior's eyes were deep crimson, and her fangs gleamed in the light of the moon, but her beauty and strength were obvious, even in the dim light. She was petite with pointed ears and wore a bodice of armor. She fought with a skill and strength that I had seen nowhere in my hundreds of years of battle other than the winged Valkyries of Freya's legions. Covered in blood she fought what appeared to be a never-ending swarm of those horrific creatures. It began to look like their numbers might be enough to overcome her incredible skill, she kept killing them and more kept coming to join the fight.

The built-up rage inside me from the events of the night took over and despite my badly injured leg I rose up to help her. I would not let another great warrior fall to an army of beasts tonight. The pain in my leg forgotten or at least masked by the flow of hate, I lifted my sword, spread my wings and waded into the mass of beasts. The creatures turned in surprise as my dark form tore into their flank. I can't count how many of them I killed before they suddenly turned as a single entity and tore off through the trees. My rage drove me after them, but they were too fast through the trees and began disappearing into holes and crevices in the rocks. I slowed and then stopped and as the rush of adrenalin waned, then collapsed in a great heap on the forest floor.

When I awoke, I was in a soft bed in a small room with log walls. My leg had been bandaged and beside the bed was a pitcher of water and a glass. I sat up slowly, feeling a sharp pain from my leg and drank deeply. Refilling the glass from the pitcher I emptied it again then looked around the room. In the soft light of day, filtered through a light curtain over a small window, I saw my sword in its scabbard leaning against the wall and beside it my armor and winged helmet.

I stood on wobbly legs, slowly crossed the room and began to put my armor on. No matter how badly I was hurt I had to find a way to get to Asgard. Odin must be made aware that Hel had released her army of undead to join the dwarf and light elf armies. Not knowing of Hel's plot, I thought they must be planning on attacking Asgard next. My muscles screamed as I strapped on the black and gold bodice armor. The armor had the appearance of black wings supporting my breasts with a corset of layers of golden colored metal. Below the bodice hung straps of black armor that had the appearance of a pleated skirt. Straining, I bent down and lifted my sword, strapping it to my side and placed my helmet under my arm.

My feet were bare, and I could not see my sandals or my leg armor anywhere in the room, so I went to the door and opened it. On the other side of the door was a great hall and a table where a beautiful woman sat, rising as I opened the door and emerged from the room. She wasn't any race of being I had ever seen before. Petite and like the humans we had learned about, but her hair was honey blonde and she had thin pointed ears like the elves of Nioavellir. There was also a familiarity to her, she reminded me of the mighty warrior I had seen in the forest when I came through the portal, only her eyes were not crimson, and she had no fangs.

Looking around the great hall I could see nothing that appeared to be a threat and the woman's smile set me at ease immediately. "You're awake, thank the goddesses," she said, "you have been asleep for three days. We have been worried. Please sit and let me get you something to eat, you must be starving."

"Three days?" I stammered as I moved unsteadily toward the table. I pulled out the long wooden bench along the near side of the table and sat, feeling a great deal of relief as the weight was taken off my injured leg. The woman disappeared for a moment into a room that I assumed was a kitchen and returned with a plate of bread and meat, setting it down in front of me and filling an earthen mug with water from a pitcher on the table. Without hesitating I dug into the food and quickly cleared the plate, realizing how hungry I was. I took a long drink from the mug before setting back, feeling much stronger and awake.

"Where am I?" I asked looking up from the now empty plate.

"You're at the Fae Lodge, my family's home," the woman responded.

"And who are you?" I asked, more abruptly than I meant.

Smiling, she laughed and said, "I am Lindsey McGill and my family is Clan Fae. And you are?"

"I am Sarah, Sergeant of Legion D of Goddess Freya's Valkyries," I said trying to stand.

Lindsey's hand rested softly on my shoulder and I settled back onto the bench. "You're badly injured Sergeant, you need to rest so your leg will heal."

"I can't, I must get back to Asgard. There is a plot against Odin, I must warn him!" I said trying to stand again. Lindsey's firm but gentle touch was enough to settle me back on the bench where she joined me, straddling the bench facing me.

"I suspected you were a Valkyrie from your armor, but I had only heard legend of Winged Valkyries," Lindsey said softly.

"What realm is this?" I asked.

"This is Earth, I believe you know it as Midgard," Lindsey answered.

"How do you know about Midgard and Valkyries?" I asked, confused. "Odin decreed that it was completely off limits to the eight other realms, and we were always told that its inhabitants would have no idea of the existence of the realms or of Odin. And you do not appear to be human, or at least have the appearance of what we were taught humans looked like."

"Well," she began, "I am a pixie and a member of Queen Willa's Royal Guard. Most of earth, Midgard, is inhabited by humans, but we have been here for eons and have had contact with the other realms. In the north there is a large community of powerful warriors known as the Vikings, who have worshiped Odin and the Gods of the nine realms. In our journeys we have heard great stories from them, including legends of the great legions of winged Valkyries."

"I see," I said, understanding more now and realizing how little was known, or at least shared by the Gods, about this realm. "I came here through a portal from Nioavellir where my legion was encamped. We were attacked as we slept by armies of dwarves and light elves, supported by Hel's undead. General Agricola's sentries never raised an alarm, so I fear they were all killed as well. I must find the portal and return so that I can find a way to Asgard and warn Odin of the plot against him."

Resting her hand on my injured thigh, Lindsey said softly, "You aren't going anywhere on that leg right now. Whatever cut you nearly severed the muscle. I had a friend use a spell to help repair some of the damage, but you must let it heal or you could lose your leg."

"A spell?" I asked. Nothing in our lessons or even our folklore had said anything about the existence of magic on Midgard.

"Yes, throughout the forest here I have friends with many special gifts."

"I appreciate your concern Miss McGill, but no matter the risk to myself, I must get back. Odin himself may be in danger and it is my sworn duty to protect him," I said.

Nodding her understanding Lindsey said calmly, "I understand. I have sworn an oath to protect my Queen and no pain or injury would stop me if I felt she was in danger. Do you know where the portal is?"

"Not far from where I fought a pack of hideous beasts to save a beautiful warrior on the night I arrived," I answered.

Lindsey laughed and said, "That warrior was me and you did not save me, I had things well in hand when you showed up. As a matter of fact, a lot of orcs escaped because you surprised them," a look of slight annoyance on her face.

"Orcs? Is that what those things were? They were about to overwhelm you," I said.

"I appreciate your help, but you didn't need to worry. I promise you, I was fine."

"Anyway," I said, still not convinced, "the portal entry is very close to there. If you can show me to there I will be on my way."

Lindsey nodded and rose from the bench, going to a box and pulling from it my sandals and leg armor. "These were badly damaged, and I had them repaired for you." She handed them to me, and I nodded as I looked them over. Several of the straps had been replaced, the stitching was meticulous, and the new straps felt sturdy.

I wrapped the straps of the sandals around my legs and strapped the armor on before rising gingerly, favoring my wounded leg. "I'm ready."

We stepped out into the bright afternoon sun and I saw that the lodge was located in a small clearing surrounded by a deep, thick forest. 

"I saw you have wings. Are you able to fly?" Lindsey asked.

I answered by exposing my wings, deep black with a span of about six feet and lifting myself off the ground. It was actually quite a relief as the pain in my leg was excruciating. Lindsey smiled and extended her wings which were a brilliant white, very different from the black, leathery wings I remembered from the night in the forest. We rose above the trees and headed off to the east, as we approached a large clearing a structure came into view. Lindsey pointed to the house and told me it was Nightingale Hollow, home to many of her dearest friends. We continued on for about an hour and landed in a patch of light woods littered with the rotting bodies of hundreds of Orcs.

"Be alert," Lindsey said, "this area is heavy with Orcs. They tend to avoid contact during daylight, but it's not unheard of."

I looked around, got my bearings and headed off in the direction I thought I had come from. I soon found the telltale marks on the ground that indicated a portal had been open there but was closed for at least two days. Not sure what to do I turned and surveyed the surrounding area and caught a glimpse of a Valkyrie spear on the ground at the edge of the small clearing we were standing in. Approaching it cautiously I heard a soft moan just beyond it. I drew my sword and Lindsey did likewise and we carefully approached the sound.

Propped up against a large tree I saw one of my Valkyrie sisters, covered in blood and missing an arm. She looked at me with a look of great relief and I rushed to her, dropping next to her. It was Andrea, a member of my legion. Kneeling next to her I realized how badly she was hurt, and I was shocked that she was still alive. She had put a tourniquet on her arm to stop the bleeding, but that was far from her only wound. I gently took her in my arms and held her. "Andrea, praise be to Freya, you are alive," I said.

Lindsey handed me a skin full of water and I gave Andrea a few small drinks. "How did you get here?" I asked.

Slowly and weakly Andrea recounted her story. She had lost her arm in the initial attack and was covered by a number of bodies. She was able to free herself and get the tourniquet applied and move to a spot where she could see the portal entrance. She had seen me enter the portal but couldn't get to the entrance without being seen. "Sergeant," she said urgently, "Hel is behind the attack. I heard someone talking about it, she tricked General Agricola into believing we were a threat to Odin. All of the legions are gone, slaughtered in our sleep." Tears began to pour down her face and I couldn't stop the flood of grief and anger from coursing through my body. We had been betrayed and my sisters had been slaughtered. Centuries of service forgotten in a single night of treachery and barbarity. Near death she had made it to the portal entrance and ended up here. A day after she arrived the portal had closed, and it had not opened against since.

Andrea's voice was becoming weaker and I sat back and began trying to tend to her wounds. Her hand took mine and she shook her head slowly. Looking in my eyes I could see that she knew that she was nearing her end. "Revenge for our sisters," she whispered as her eyes closed and her head settled onto my shoulder. I sat holding Andrea's lifeless body for a few minutes, remembering the glories of our battles and realizing that I may be the last of my kind left alive. I vowed at that moment to destroy General Agricola and Goddess Hel. Centuries of fighting for love and beauty were over. My remaining breathes would be focused on revenge.

I was snapped out of my trance by the sound of rustling and snarls in woods around us. Lindsey had turned and assumed a fighting stance with her back to me. She seemed different, there was a feeling of power and strength in the air that emanated from the petite woman in front of me and her wings had turned from brilliant white to the leathery black. I stood and picked up my sword and the spear that Andrea had brought with her and moved beside her. What I saw shocked me, the petite pixie had transformed, her eyes now glowed crimson red and she had fangs. The Orcs must have realized we were ready for them and slunk back into the woods and it was quiet again.

Lindsey lowered her sword and I saw and felt the change as her fangs retracted and her eyes returned to their normal blue/gray. I had seen many things in my centuries of travels throughout the realms, but this was quite the shock to me. "We need to leave, they will be back soon," Lindsey said.

I nodded and returned my sword to its sheath. With the spear in one hand, I picked up Andrea's lifeless body and placed it over my shoulder. "I owe her a warrior's tribute so that she can make her way to Valhalla and prepare to fight beside the Gods at Ragnarok," I said solemnly.

We took flight and Lindsey led me to a large lake a few miles away. We quickly assembled a raft of logs and upon it built an altar and surrounded it with branches and dried grasses. We gently lay Andrea on the altar, her arms crossed peacefully over her breasts and started a fire beneath her. Lindsey looked up and an unseen and unfelt force began to pull the raft away from the shore and out to the center of the lake. I kneeled, my sword in front of me and prayed to Odin to accept his servant into Valhalla. Tears streamed down my face and I swore that would be the last tear I would shed until I had revenged Andrea and my betrayed sisters. 

The raft burned through and sank into the depths of the lake and I rose and faced Lindsey. She placed her hand on my shoulder and in that moment, I felt a deep love and a kinship with her. I knew in my soul that I was not alone. Without another word we flew off and back to Lindsey's home, Fae Lodge.

Upon our return Lindsey helped me out of my armor and hung it beside her own and several other sets along a long wall leading from the door into the great hall. The armors were of many styles, colors and sizes, some very simple, others wildly ornate. With each set of armor were weapons. Bows, crossbows and swords of all shapes and sizes. Lindsey handed me a black, loose fitting shirt and pleated grey skirt that slit up the side. With her help I stepped into the skirt, then slipped on the shirt, catching Lindsey scanning my long muscular body as I dressed.

Limping to the table I sat down, my face contorting with the pain in my leg. Lindsey put together two plates of food, tender strips of meat and a dark bread with a rich flavor of honey. With the food she brought two large earthen mugs of a rich brown ale drawn from a wooden cask in the corner of the great hall. We sat in silence and ate and drank, restoring our strength and contemplating the events of the last few days and how it would impact our lives to come.

After finishing I rose, and seeing Lindsey about to object I said sternly, "I will not be waited upon by anyone, much less a great warrior to whom I owe so much," and cleared the plates and mugs from the table. I carried the dishes unsteadily into the kitchen and found the sink where I cleaned and dried them before returning to the great hall to see Lindsey seated in one of two great chairs in front of the fireplace. She motioned me to the other and I collapsed into the chair, immediately feeling the relief as my weight was removed from my leg.
