 Death comes as an ice pick piercing through ones heart. The first wave of a biting chill bludgeons warmth from the body. For others like me the cold that follows could freeze the depths of hell, and rigidify the sultry firmaments. This insufferable temperature occurs from the loss of the soul and it spreads through the mind hungering for a consolation. 

I called for the asp as Antony and I awaited the arrival in silence. He quivered uncontrollably at the thought of suicide, yet I remained calm and unmoved. Antony jerked as the doors to the chamber opened. For the first time I shivered as a chilling gust of freezing air washed through the desert heat that engulfed the palace. I watched as a man with the snake almost glided through the chamber, and locked the dark depths of his eyes with my own. He held the deadly snake in his bare hands as he bowed down before me, unceremoniously fixing his fierce gaze at me. Antony neglected to notice the man and stared through me contemplating his death. He hesitated for a long period of time and only then did he say it was time. The dark, chilling man averted his gaze from me to look towards Antony and with out a word raised the snakes fangs to Antony's wrist. Antony turned to say goodbye to me as the man unleashed the snake and I watched as my lover slowly died shaking and terrified. My eyes shot up to the man as Antony took his last breath and became limp on the floor. 

"Are you afraid to die?" The man asked me in a low bruiting voice. His voice made me alarmed and I became afraid to speak.

"I am a god, and I shall live for eternity. I am Isis. Death is but a mere sleep before I awake as a god amongst the gods." The man began to stand in front of me and I saw him now as something of evil. He was tall and pale. He resembled the Romans more than my people. He was muscular as if he were a slave yet as refined as a king. His dark features and teeth reminded me more of the snake he was holding than a human. 

"You are not a god, you are nothing but a mortal queen, you will die and rot as all men do," he said as he held the snake to his face and then let it drop to the floor. My heart lurched as it slithered towards me yet my body remained calm. 

"I am a god," he said slowly in a low, calm yet thundering voice. I froze as the snake came to a stop in front of me and lifted its long body as if to bite me. Suddenly it slithered away as the man began to walk towards me. 

"I like to know the names of men before I have them killed." I said unmoved

"Lamian, but you will not kill me, you could not kill me," he said moving unbearably close to me that I was forced to lean backwards against the marble steps. He was handsome in a erotic masculine way, and it made my heart beat faster. 

He looked deeply into my eyes and his eyes devoured my body with a hunger that I hadn't ever seen in any man. Without a word he reached his hand out and grabbed my neck, not with force yet he delicately squeezed it. My chest began heaving as he slowly moved his hands down my neck and my chest. As he slowly rotated his hand to cup my large unrestrained breast, my consciousness was revived and I bolted toward the royal bed. I looked down to see the man's devious smile next to Antony's limp body. 

Lamian slowly walked toward me with such force and desire. I used the bed as support as I stood proud and strong, while inside I quivered and became even more frightened. I stiffened my neck and held my head high as his face was mere inches from mine. My breathing became heavier and my breast heaved as he grabbed the back of my neck. And when he violently kissed me I kissed him back, my tongue's intensity matching his. His hand left the back of my neck and slithered down to the low cut of my dress. My back arched at his touch and I slowly slid down until my head touched the bed. With such a determined force he ripped my sheer linen gown with ease. His hand slid back to my breast kneading it forcefully. I could feel is hardness on my thighs as he bit my lip and started to grind his cock in-between my legs. 

As he slowly slid his hand down my body, I felt myself become wet as my body betrayed me. When Lamian's hand reached my pussy I was soaked and I he lifted his head so I could see his look of victory. He began to rub my clit and I heard myself moan against my will. This lasted for quite some time before he roughly slammed his fingers into me. I arched my back and let out a low long whorish moan. It was only then that he began to remove his clothing. 

Although I knew myself to be a Goddess I was in his mercy and his control when I saw his naked body and his hard cock in front of me. 

"Tell me you want it. Tell me you how bad you want this cock in you. Show me what a whore you are my queen." He finally said to me. This man was nothing to me yet I found myself yearning for him, with an unquenchable desire. 

"Please. . . Please give me that cock. Fuck me. Oh by the gods fuck me! I beg you fuck me hard you bastard. I screamed and he rubbed his cock against my clit. He gave me and evil grin as he slammed his cock into me as hard as he could. He fucked me for what seemed like hours, grabbing my tits and lightly biting by nipples. Finally he grabbed my hair and pulled hard making me arch my back as far as I could and he whispered violently in my ear, "Cum for me my slut." At that my body began to tense and my pussy tightened around his cock as I began to cum. At that same moment I felt him do the same, and as he pushed farther and farther into my pussy he grabbed my head and twisted it to the side. As I came I felt his teeth sink into my neck yet it did not hurt. As he began sucking the life out of my body my orgasm was prolonged and my pussy twitched repeatedly around his cock. The last image I saw as a mortal was Lamian lifting his head from my neck, bloody dripping from his mouth, and his eyes afire, before he cut into his own wrist to let me drink his immortal blood.

It was from then on that I knew myself to be vampire. Some say that the snake bit my neck and I died with my lover Antony. Some say Caesar had me poisoned, yet none of these are correct. I watched my children grow old and die. I protected their children until they grew old and died, and so on. 

Some believe the vampire to kill because they must. They believe the vampire must kill to survive, but this is not true. Lamian and I could live for years without feeding. We chose to kill villages and cities full of people. Blood is comparable to a drug for us it fills us with the warmth that we so long for. Today we are the oldest vampires known on earth. Life is a mere sustenance created for our pleasure.