 Damien carried Heather from the shower out and onto the master king size bed. He laid her down on the red silk sheets, straightened n looked down at her, admiring the way her pale skin contrasted with the deep red of the sheets perfectly, and the way it shone like spun moonlight, the blue of her veins standing out through her translucent skin perfectly, the water droplets on her skin sparkling like mini diamonds. She was tall and fairly thin but curvaceous in all the right places. He leaned forward, placing a hand on either side of her head and lowered his lips to hers, kissing her gently. 

The kiss started off soft as rose petals but soon began to grow, getting more heated, more intense until his hands were kneading her chest roughly and hers were pumping his hardness quickly, fingers moving up and down his shaft, moving the skin to slide over the head, sending hot pleasure flowing down his shaft. Their breathing growing ragged he growled crouching down looking at her through the eyes of a predator, making her scramble backwards quickly. 

Fear flashed through the air, flaring his nostrils and dilating his eyes again, and he began to crawl onto the bed and towards her with the stalking grace of a great cat. She froze as he growled again, staring deep into his eyes, her heart pounding both in her chest and in lower places. He continued to haunt forwards until he forced her to lay back and he was looking down at her again. He bent his lips forward, slowly, eyes on hers the entire time, and, opening his mouth further, he enclosed it around one of her rosey, perky nipples. He sucked it gently, teeth nipping the delicate skin tenderly, pinching closed slightly and tugging until he heard her cry out. He released it and began to flick it with his tongue watching it turn redder with feint teeth marks around it. Sliding his tongue along, down one mound, across the space in between and up the other mound and repeated the process on the other nipple. He licked up her chest and to her neck, nibbling on the sensitive patches, sending shivers down her body. 

He move to her ear and began to lick it, to nibble the ear lobe, making her body buck slightly, arms flying to around his back, clawing lightly. Smiling he made a trail of light kisses along her jaw, to her chin and finally, to her lush lips. She kissed back hungrily, desperate for more. He moved a hand down her body and pressed between the folds between her thighs. A fresh wave of wetness and heat met his hand, sending shivers down his own body, making him plunge to fingers deep into that wetness, into that scorching heat with enough force to make her cry out in pleasure. He drove his fingers, two of them at first, deep inside, again and again, watching as the force of them made her whole body rock, her breasts bouncing. Her eyes were bright and rolling back as she reveled in the feeling. He slowed for a moment, and slid a third finger in. Sliding in at a slower pace, he rubbed her sensitive nub with his thumb, his other hand stroking her hair, her chest, her stomach. 

"Please," she whimpered, "I want you inside me, I need it. Please." He slid up, moving her legs over his shoulders, lowering his mouth back onto one of her nipples and biting, hard and tugging away, making her back arch high and her hands fly to his shoulders to dig her nails in. He let go and slammed into her at the same time, making her yelp in both surprise and pleasure. She loved the way his large cock seemed to fill her up perfectly, and she squeezed his cock with her feminine muscles. He groaned on top of her and started to thrust into her at an increasingly fast rate, one of his hands on a breast, tweaking the nipples mercilessly the other hand above her head, pinning her hands downs. 

She was whimpering louder now, body arching with each thrust. He leaned down as his hips continued their rhythmic plunge, and kissed her on the lips, silencing her cries for a mere few seconds. Feeding from her lips he bit her bottom lip and pulled it before letting go and leaning back up. He placed his hands on her hips, stabilizing himself before he started to pound into her. Slamming over and over into her, getting deeper and going harder she started to become more and more breathless, her moans coming in short gasps as his cock drove into her, filling her, forced to curve with her body to reach the furthest corners, the heat and wetness covering him, dripping down his shaft and onto his balls. Her hand moved down to rub her clit furiously, bringing her that much closer to climax. She could feel it rushing towards her, like a tsunami of pleasure. She could feel it building up inside her, the pressure getting more and more intense until the pressure burst and a powerful orgasm flooded her body, making her writhe and moan and cry out his name. 

He continued to thrust into her, feeling the convulsions squeeze her cunt tight and then the after shocks of clenching and unclenching, bringing him hard, making that white hot fire, so strongly concentrated on his head, rush out, magnifying as the cum explodes out. He slammed into her one last time and held it there, his hands clenching her body hard, his face contorting with pleasure. The hot jet of seed shoots deep inside her, mingling with her juices and slowly dripping down her thighs. Once he finished he slowly pulled out, feeling the tightness of her body clench around his limp member, still sensitive, the feel of his skin rubbing against hers, as he feels his head pop out of her wetness, his eyes on hers the entire time. Once out, Heather shimmied down until her mouth was right next to his dripping cock. Flicking her tongue out, she tasted the tip of him, savoring the salty taste for a moment before slowly taking him all the way into her mouth. 

Her mouth feels so hot, warm and slippery as her teeth scrape gently along the top and bottom of his shaft, moving up and down it with ease. His head travels along her tongue and into the back of her throat. Groaning he thrusts, sending his dick sliding into her throat. Thrusting harder and harder he feels the pressure building up against the head as he rams it down her throat; if he was going to last...he had to do something. 

Suddenly she started, eyes flying open she realized that suddenly their position had changed. He was now under her, licking her soaking wet slit, she didn't even feel him move. She shivered as his tongue ran over her still sensitive clit, and jerked as he ran a fang over it tenderly. Her breathing caught in her throat she continued to clean him off. Once she had thoroughly licked every last inch of him, her breath was coming in ragged gasps, her hands planted on either side of her in an attempt to hold her up. His tongue was sliding in and out of her rapidly as one of his pointed fangs gently running up and down her clit. Quivering, she took him back into her mouth desperate to feel him shoot down her throat. She roughly slide him down, to the back of her throat and deeper, her throat contracting as she gagged a little but hearing his breath quicken, she did it again, and again until she heard his rough breathing and he turned his attention back to her just as she felt his head give one last throb and explode. 

She felt the rush of orgasm once more as he moved his lips over her clit and he began to suck it roughly, carefully nibbling it and flicking the small nub with the tip of his tongue. His cum pouring down her throat, so warm and salty. With one last flick her whole body ceased up, her head flying back, mouth open wide releasing a throaty cry as the last of the cum slide insider her tummy. Wrapping his strong arms around her waist he held her lower half perfectly still as he continued to suck, nibble and rub her clit mercilessly with his mouth, enjoying the way her orgasm-sensitive body jerked violently with just the slightest touch after the orgasm had died. He continued to torture her until she was begging him to stop, crying that she couldn't take anymore. With one last strong lick along the length of her, she slid out from under her, allowing her to collapse on the bed. He curled up behind her, spooning her flushed body close to his. He planted a small delicate kiss onto her neck, entered her mind and willed her to sleep.