 Shivering with pleasure, Damien knelt down, easily picked Heather up as if she was as light as a feather and stepped out of the bath. She wrapped her arms around him and nuzzled her face into his neck, breathing his scent in deeply. He walked over to the glass shower and, shifting so that he could hold her with one arm, opened the door and moved inside. Letting her down gently, Damien closed the door behind him and moved his hand to the 5 knobs on the wall adjacent. Skipping the four that were in a line below it, he grasped the last one, the master knob. While he slowly turned the knob, Heather looked around her, eyes sliding along the familiar granite walls. 

The shower was huge, the size of the showers found in the changing rooms of public high schools. She looked up as she felt the drizzle of warm water begin to patter around her. Although the walls around her were bare of any shower head, the ceiling was naught but shower heads. Huge round disks, each with at least 100 little nozzles covering inside the circular perimeter, lined in row after row, completely covering the ceiling. There were 4 sections, one each belonging to one of the knobs below the master knob, for when you want a quick shower. This however, she thought lustfully, was far from the case. The master knob turned on all four sections at once, making it feel like they were caught in a hot rain storm. She felt his body, scorching hot, press up against the back of her. Smiling wickedly she pressed her ass hard against his groin and began to move her hips in a tantalizing motion. 

Growling with hunger he grabbed her, whipped her around and kissed her hard. Bending her knees slightly, she sprang up and wrapped her legs around his waist, his hands cupping her ass. Turning, he slammed her against the nearest wall and pressed the front of his body hard up against her. He could feel her body hum as she groaned with pleasure when she felt his cock hard and ready for her again. She ground her hips against his as hard as she could, desperate for him to slide inside her once more. Instead he slowly lightened the kiss until he pulled away gently. With a wicked glint in his eyes he gently moved her feet from around his body and set her on the ground. Her growl of frustration made him chuckle huskily. 

He led her over to the opposite wall, pulled out a black, soft scrubby and his exotic body-wash. Squeezing a healthy amount onto the scrubby, he lathered it up and began to slowly wash her body down. He started with her shoulders, lathering and then kneading the skin. He moved across her chest bone, up to her neck and down again. Bypassing her aching breasts he began to soap up the flat plane of her stomach, the curves of her hips, the luscious mound of her ass, down her long legs and to her dainty feet. She growled again with frustration as he had deliberately missed her burning cunt. Chuckling again, he moved to her back and began to scrub that down as well. He then stopped and allowed the water falling from the ceiling to wash the suds off, rubbing down her body again with his hands. Her entire body was aching with need as he purposely stayed away from every part of her that screamed for stimulation. She moved her hand down to slip between her legs and do it herself but, faster then she could even blink, his hand was holding hers in an iron grip, preventing her from relieving the build up of need. 

Whimpering, she pleaded with him, "Please...please I need it, I need you." 

His body stilled and he growled low under his breath in a voice that made all the hairs stand up on the back of her neck, "How badly"

She reached out with her consciousness until she touched his mind with hers; and she allowed the desire, the frustration, the need to well up inside her and sent it crashing through the link between their minds and let it flow into him. His body went ridged for a moment, his eyes flashing, jaw slack, and then 2 things happened at once, so fast that before her mind had time to process it, her back was slammed against the wall, his mouth a mere breath away from hers, and his fangs grew out, bared. The look in his eyes was so dark, so primitive and so fiercely animalistic for a moment, she was terrified. His nostrils flared and his eyes closed slightly as he scented her fear. His body rumbled in a hungry purr. The water streamed down his body and she was greatly tempted to follow its path with her eyes, hugging closely down his torso, following the curves of his abs and down to his hard member; but she dared not take her gaze from his, the last coherent thought that crossed through her mind was that she sometimes forgot that he wasn't human, that he was far from it. 

He pulled her forward with one arm, dangerously slow, and turned her around so that she was facing the wall. She fought to keep still, torn between the need to keep her eyes on him and to not make any sudden movements. He bent her over until her body was almost at a right angle and pressed her forward. She put her hands up against the wall, bracing herself for what was to come. He put his hands on her hips, holding them still and gently pressed the very tip of him against her swollen sopping slit. Slowly parting her lips with his head he rubbed up and down the length of her at a tantalizing speed until she began to whimper again. She tried to moved her hips backwards, desperate to make him go inside of her, but his grip was too strong on her hips and she didn't even move an inch. As she was silently damning his supernatural strength he suddenly moved his cock right in line with her slick opening and rammed inside of her, stopping her semi-coherent thoughts dead in their tracks as he stayed inside of her, stilling for a moment. And then he started to rock his hips back and forth, thrusting in and out of her at a quickly increasing speed. She adjusted her hands on the wall, putting all of her weight into bracing herself against it so that she did not get smashed into it. He groaned in pleasure as he slide so deep inside that he felt his dick curve with her, the wetness of her walls squeezing tight against him, so slick and hot against his shaft and head. The water almost felt cool against her scorching skin. Thrusting inside of her rapidly she reached out again with her mind, touched his and shared her pleasure with him. As is passed down the line and filled into his being, she felt him do the same. Suddenly she could feel how tight she was, as though she was in his body. She clenched her cunt muscles and nearly collapsed as the amount of pleasure that gave made her knees go weak. He moved a hand off of her hip and slid down on front of her and slipped between her legs. He began to rub the little nub of her clit with experienced fingers, making the wave of orgasm rush towards her faster. She clenched again and felt his cock pulsing as it pounded into her. With the link open between their minds, their pleasure shared, it intensified everything, doubling the feel of every move, every thrust. Low throaty moans spilled from between her lips as she shut her eyes and reveled in the feel of it. The exquisite feeling of his cock slamming inside of her and how his cock felt as the walls of her cunt squeezed him. 

It was too much and both of their orgasms were fast approaching. His feeling like the pressure that builds up behind the cap of a soda bottle after it's been shaken. Every single sense and feeling has been narrowed down to just his shaft and the white hot fire coursing through his body sliding to meet right at the head. Hers is like a tidal wave of pressure building and building, almost about to break. The water pouring down around them, making their bodies' slick. Just as she felt his orgasm almost reach home, he quickly slammed a hand against the wall, the other wrapping around the front of her, holding her still, and finally dropped his self restraint. He began to pound into her with inhuman speed, his arm muscles working hard to hold her in place so that he didn't harm her too much. The speed of his cock and the depth of which he entered her flung her over the edge and into the abyss of orgasm. The wave of her orgasm spurred his own and his head exploded cum in a hot stream deep inside of her. She nearly screamed in pleasure as the feel of both his and her own orgasm obliterated any other feeling in her body. White hot heat coursed through her body in wave after wave of pleasure. Every nerve was on fire and her whole body convulsed and clenched around him. He stilled so suddenly, her cunt felt numb from the lack of motion. His breath came in great gasps, synching with her own ragged breathing. Her legs felt like jelly and she almost collapsed on the ground were it not for his strong hands there to catch her. 

He lowered her gently to the ground and moved so that he was facing her legs. He spread them slowly, moved his head forward and began to gently lap her still throbbing slit. Shivering, her exhausted body started to protest, she didn't think she could take anymore. Damien had other plans. Touching his mind to hers he quickly sent a wave of energy through her body, washing away most of the fatigue. Her strength flowed back into her and the motions of his tongue fired her hormones into a cartwheeling frenzy once more. Once he felt a fresh wave of juices rush out to meet his tongue, he moved back. Satisfied he looked at her with a devilish glint in his eyes. He moved around, moved his arms under her legs and head and, using his powerful leg muscles, he lifted her up. Turning towards the door, he turned off the water and stepped out.