 "Good morning Madam, please let us help you to start your morning day." 

Elora's face had turned red and felt panic when the two ladies maid entered. She feared they might discover what had happened last night. However, remembering she was in the man's bedroom she knew there was no denying her guilt. She accepted the assistant of the two maids knowing she can't hide the truth from her aching body, which moreover reminded her of the soft kisses and the delicious touched from the man from last night. 

Although it was something unfamiliar, it was something so delicious and at that moment she knew she craved for that mans touched that had possessed her body with passionate pleasure. She welcomed his advantage and now she was feeling an addiction she cant understand. 

"Where is that man from last night?"

"You mean the master, Madam." They looked at each other then answered together. "WE CAN'T SAY."

They covered her with the softest cloth. And she continued to wonder about the man from last night and wondered if he was her master. They lead her to the indoor oasis for bathing and undress her again. She stepped in the water and they followed while undressing themselves.

Then as they stepped down she looked at their naked body and it was scaley almost fish like skin. Their face, shoulders, neck, feet and hand were similar to hers but the rest had scales shade of blue and white. She looked at their breast and it had no nipples. And what was suppose to be their private part was nonexistence. What kind of creatures are they? She wasn't at all scared so perhaps she knew of them.

"We are not at all similar in form."

"Yes Madam. We are but a mere creature -we are called Sharena. Unlike yourself." 

"Unlike myself? Do you know of me?" 

The maids soaped her chest which made her looked down on her breast and noticed the bruises everywhere on her. Elora touched her skin observing closely the bruises from the touch and kisses from the man last night.

"They are called love marks, Madam." The ladies maid informed her when she began soaping her inner thighs.

"Please. May I bathe my own." 

"But, Madam..."

They protested and she moved a few steps away from them. One of the ladies maid opened her palm on the water and she had emitted a blue light from her palm. Then when she touched the water it listened to her command to send a water wave that pushed Elora back forward closer to them.

"You have magic."

"Madam. Being a Sharena it is a mark of weakness to use magic in the land." 

"What do you mean?" 

Full of shame they bowed their heads while Elora had began soaping herself and allowed them to help her wash her back and her hair. 

"My name is Nell and this is Rell, we are water creature and we have the ability to manipulate water. We were born from the water when it hits a certain light from the moon. When we set on land to do our female hibernation we are forbidden to use our magic. So when we do use magic our time is drained and it is showed when a strand of hair becomes gray."

"I see only a few strands of gray." 

Elora smoothed Nell's hair and saw that her pride was hurt. They helped her dried and helped her dress into a ruby lace robe. It was smooth and shimmered from the light.

"It is but a few but it grows heavy on our our pride when our clan knows of the faults of our weaknesses."

"I'm sorry for causing you pain."

"No madam. It is but a reflection of our own sin and the challenge of the suffering we must endure to sacrifice before we returned to the water, our home when we show we are worthy to go back the water shall cleansed our sin and become Immortal again."

Left alone in her room for the duration of time when Kran was away gave her time to explore the books in the surrounding shelf in the bedroom she had given. The reading area close to the fire, stairs to a veranda overlooking the Valley of Water and the mountains that protected it. She opened a book that made no sense to her but in time she had read more than she expected.

"You have other mysteries." Kran said that last night. Will she find the answers about herself in the books? This motivated her even more to read and further during the week she had discovered similar marking on her bracelet. It was a marking of a seal, to seal magic, to seal something of any kind, a person, time, space or even memory. Someone sealed her memory in there.

It was almost dinner time and all the questions in her head was making her dizzy so she laid in bed trying to remember herself before she came to the castle. She remembered the Stardust forest where she was lost for only a day and someone captured her to be sold as a slave only to find out she was this Lady Elora. Time had past into weeks and she had learned only about the bracelet. One of the ladies maid awaken her and informed her that Kran awaited her presence for dinner.

After weeks she had not remembered the mans face and yet she had dreamth of him. Had even craved his lips and his touch. There was excitement and nervousness but mostly there was hunger she did not understand. Where could have he been and how could she have left her for weeks without any word?

She entered at the dining room and surprisingly her body felt hot when she saw Kran which reminded her everything they did weeks ago. Her skin burned and the memory of their passion ignited inside of her. He got up and bowed his head when he saw her then wave his fingers for everyone to leave. 

She walked close to him like she was hypnotized then reached to sniffed and licked his neck. Strangely it was done unconsciously and she quickly step backward upon realizing the mistake she had made.

"I'm sorry I didn't know what I was doing." 

"My Lady please lets continue what you started," 

He grabbed her waist and pulled her back against his chest. Embarrassed her eyes unfocused and perplex. His hands graze her waist and bottom while lightly clasping the soft cheek. She holds both his arms for support and he pressed her further up to him making her arch her neck exposing to his kisses.

"You use to do that to me quite often actually teasing me quite often knowing I couldn't let you go further. Maybe your memory is slowly coming back." 

He place small kisses and straightened her face to capture the bottom of her lips and his tongue entered her mouth, tasting her inner cheeks and licking the tip of her tongue until she moaned. He heard her moan and decided it was the welcome he needed.

"Let me help you remember me." He said when he broke the kiss and he eagerly place her on top of the table and spread her legs. 

"Please don't." He could smell her mustiness and quickly he gathered her cloth up to expose her moist pussy. He spread her pussy cheeks and expose her tight hole and the memory ignited the heat on his male organ.

"But I must My lady for you have set me on fire and I must have you." 

His tongue entered her insides and tasted her juices as it drizzled from the pleasure she was receiving. His thumb circled around her clitoris while his tongue flickered her inner most tunnel.

"You have no idea how erotic your body is that its even sucking my tongue inside your pussy hole."

"I'm begging you please no. Please don't say that." 

She squirmed under his touch and closed her eyes waiting for the sweet torture she hungers over and yet deny to admit to herself. She moaned louder and her voice became raspier. This prelude him to intensify the stroke of his tongue even more and she violently meet her hips for the final blow of twirl and twist of his tongue deep in her. When she came she felt like he had drained her energy and he carried her to his lap in a sitting position.

"Resist me all you want." He said as he petted her hair and cheeks like a pet. She made an attempt to get up on her feet thinking it was over only to be pulled down on his lap again.

"We're not done yet." He proclaimed and slowly he uncovers her dress to devour her nipples from the side. It made her grind her hips and he opened his trousers and welcomed the movement of her hips for her pussy lips had wonderfully rubbed against his erected shaft. Surprisingly she set out a sigh and a moan of the delight she still denied she felt.

"Kran?" She called out his name in a question.

"Elora. Do you know how delicious you look?" He guided her hips to roll back and forth against his hips. Fixed and focus for his hardness to rub against her soft and moist lips between her legs. A surge of liquid came rushing down more from her lips and the sound of motion from their organs made her salivate. Unconsciously she continued licking and biting her lips in order to hold out her moan taunting him for a a kiss and he kissed her her hard biting her lips. 

"You look like you needed some more kissing," He entered her tongue even rougher and then he reached between their sex "Let me kiss you more deeper from down here." He said as he entered her and made her fall on top vigorously on him so he could enter her fully.

He remained still to cherish her hot wet tunnel. His kiss was strong and she was weak with lust even from the pain. She arched her back and her neck fall back to his shoulder for balanced. Elora managed to create small rocking movement while unconsciously holding her breast. She wanted more, she wanted motion, she wanted movement and most of all she wanted him. He cherished the suction of her pussy hole while he let her move on her own. This made him smile knowing that she was responding in such a lustful way.

"Are you pleasuring yourself?" He teased her as he suckled her nipple and fondled her between her legs. 

"I feel strange." He took her hands with his, leading her between her thighs and letting her feel her own slippery-moist pussy. He guided his fingers with hers playing the moist swollen bud. 

"Show me. Tell me you love the touch of your pussy just as much as I do. The velvety skin when it is soaking so much." He entered her hard as she rocked herself softly.

His fingers slipped inside her with his hardness stretching her and she knew she needed it harder and faster. Forcefully if he had to. He circled her stomach with his arms and pulled her down fiercely like he was reading her mind. His shaft stroke deeper in her and she eagerly accepted his hardness within her. Her eager loud moan intensified as she reached orgasm. He continued to rock her harder until she reached the peek of her pleasure. After she came her breathing slowed and smoothly her muscles softened and she felt like a cloud beneath his touch.

"Now its my turn." 

He was still in her and her pussy was pulsing violently and trembling at the same time. When she was about to get up he pulled her down again and because she was even more sensitive she felt every suction as he continued entering her, each movement made her whimper in agony and pleasure. 

Her pussy sucking his shaft tightly as it searches for another release and finally as he emptied himself in her she felt the fullness deep inside of her and it gave her new pleasure. It was as if there was a shallow thirst that was quenched with his hot liquid filling in her and warming her deep. 

He withdrew slowly and she arched on her own yelling a moan and a whimper. The liquid he released in her came trailing down her thigh while he fixed her dress and carried her to the oasis. He soaped her down and she stayed still while keeping silent in embarrassment.

"Please don't." She turned around and refused when he was about to wash between her legs. She crossed her arms and took a few step away from him.

"Are you afraid of me?" She stepped further away from him when he attempted to touch her again. Then she step out of the water and put on a robe.

"You are afraid of me. How could that be? Perhaps you feared the beast I have transformed under the red moon the night you came by my possession a week ago."

"Tell me who I am." He continued bathing himself not rushing to explain any further and he turned into a Wolfen after he had dried from his bath.

He turned her around and she saw his massive figure. She was not afraid and he could still see his face in the beast. He was beautiful, with silver coat and silver eyes. "This is only half of my transformation since we only fully transformed during the time of war or a threat." He took her hands and let her touched his chest. She gaze on his massive shaft and feared took over her and she stepped further away from him.

"And What do I get in return from this urgent information that you truly require?"

"What do you mean?" 

She tries harder to ignore his nakedness and walked further from him behind a bench to ensure her security from his touch. 

"I will give you the information you need and in return you can warm my bed, I will devour and have the taste of your body as I desire. In the form of a human and as a Wolfen. I wanted you to see my Wolfen form to agree. I want to have you as a man and as a beast. Will you accept me as a Wolfen to make love to you."

"Haven't I served you as a man just a moment ago and on our first meeting? Will you return any information from such a service?"

"I will as soon as you agree for both man and beast to become your lover. I want to experience you fully and maybe someday when you chain me up when I'm fully change you can learn to tame me. You will relearn all the mysteries you hold and the magic you posses in that little body of yours not only referring to sex but to living and your role in the Valley of Water."

"I accept."