 Heather stood in the middle of the bathroom, facing Damien. The water was crashing into the deep black marble tub with the veins of white running through it. The scented oils were already in, filling the room with a fragrance of passion fruit; the hot water was sending steam billowing in the air. Damien was bending down, a large bowl of rose petals next to him, lessening the spray of water until it was very gentle. Then he straightened and sprinkled the petals into the water until the bottom of the tub was indistinguishable. Then he turned slowly on his heel until he was facing her. He moved forward and began to unbutton her shirt, he moved around behind her as he slid it off her shoulders and let it pool down around her feet; soon the skirt was gone too. His hands lightly massaged her shoulders, sliding to unclip her bra. As it fluttered to the ground his large hands quickly replaced it, covering her small but tight firm mounds, pinching her rosy nipples with a thumb and forefinger until they were standing hard and erect. Moaning softly her back arched and she pressed her ass against his growing erection. She turned around, hands flying to his belt, then the buttons, slowly unbuttoning one by one, going further and further down until she finally undid the last one. Sliding a hand in, she softly rubbed his cock. She peeled the tight leather pants down his legs and he kicked them off to join the rest of the pile of clothes. Next came his shirt. Now he was standing there in nothing but boxers, his erection very obvious, and she in a red and black silken thong. She pressed her body against his, standing on tip toes to reach his lips. She fed hungrily at his mouth, tongue sliding in between his teeth and teasing his. He kissed back with ferocious intensity, hand sliding behind her head and into her long auburn hair.

He slid a hand down to rub the outside of her thong, and then slipped the thin material aside. He pressed a finger gently against the folds, slowly parting them. Once he slid through them, he was met by a dripping wet opening and a hard clit. He dipped a finger into the wetness and rubbed along her, spreading it. Then he moved up to her clit, pinching it gently, watching her eyes flare in pleasure and the way she moved her legs apart further, giving him better access, her hands moving down to rub his cock a little more vigorously. He stopped suddenly and pulled away from her. The world suddenly felt so cold without the scorching heat of his body pressed up against her. The cool air teasing her nipples into standing up, erect once more. He led her by the hand to the tub, which was now full. He watched as she bent down and slipped the thong off, tossing it in the ever growing pile of clothes. He then helped her climb into the steaming water; the tub was so deep that it hit her mid thigh, just standing up. 

He turned her around and helped her settle down, laying her back against the cool sides. He put a large dollop of scented oil in his hand, rubbed them together, feeling it heat up, and began to massage her shoulders, planting feather light kisses along her neck. In a quick moment, there was a small piercing pain and then a feeling that followed that was of the most exquisite pleasure. With a cry of desire and need she pulled him into the bathtub roughly, the water sloshing over the sides, cascading to the floor like raindrops in a heavy rain storm. 

He pressed himself hard against her as she wrapped her legs around him. He rubbed his hardness between her legs, making her gasp and kiss him ferociously, grinding back with animalistic intensity. Her kisses softened, become more teasing then intense, her tongue flicking his long canines. She pressed her tongue against one quickly, cutting it open, and allowing blood to well up. His nostrils flared, eyes dilating till there was only a very small ring of blue around and swirling black. With a growl so deep and low she felt it vibrate through her whole body he sucked her tongue into his mouth while lifted her up, sitting her on the edge of the tub. He spread her legs wide, pulled away from the heart-stopping kiss and knelt down. Looking up at her with a wicked smile he leaned forward kissing along her thighs. 

He reached the femur artery, and pressed his mouth over it, feeling the pulsing under his tongue. Then, eyes rolling up to watch her, he pierced the skin carefully, so as not to bite too hard. Her back arched and she cried out in pleasure. He sucked gently, feeling the warm wash of blood fill his mouth, and down into his veins, making him groan in ecstasy. Pulling away he quickly licked the wound until it healed. Then, his eyes on her the whole time, he began to kiss his way to her heat. He paused just outside the folds, kissing them gently, finally sliding his tongue between them and licking up once in a firm stroke of his tongue, running over her sensitive clit and making her squirm and cry out again. Smiling he flicked it again, and watched her response. And again and again speeding up the pace until he was constantly flicking it, faster and faster, feeling her body tighten, her hands moving to his head to keep him there, he leaned forward a little bit and, taking the hard nub into his mouth, he sucked it, enjoying the loud moan that followed, nibbling it gently. He stopped before he let her cum, he moved down to her sopping slit, and licked along it before slowly entering her. Exploring her inside, feeling along her walls, feeling the ruffly spot where the g-spot lay along the top wall, he began to loose the battle of his will. Finally he pulled away, stood up, moved her roughly forward and aligned his hips with hers and slowly began to enter her. She felt the pressure build until his head popped into her and she heard him gasp as the sudden tightness of her surrounded the most sensitive part of him, then, inch by inch until his entire member was buried inside her heat. 

He began to slide in and out of her, slowly at first, long deep smooth strokes in and out, but slowly beginning to build up a rhythm. He got faster and faster until he was pounding into her, the sound of his flesh smacking against hers sounding loud, challenged only by her moans, increasing as she came closer and closer to climax. Her hands clawing his back as the she felt the pressure building at her very core, her breath held tight. And then, with one final thrust, the pressure exploded through here, sending her body into spasms, her walls clenching and squeezing his cock, making her so tight as he fucked her harder and harder until he felt the sudden pressure building in his own body. He could feel his cock throbbing, his balls tingling as cum loaded into his shaft. Then suddenly with one last thrust it exploded into her, shooting jet after jet of hot warm seed deep inside her. 

Once it was over, he pulled out of her, she pushed him back a bit, but stopped him from sitting in the warm water, she slid down into it, kneeling in front of him, she took his cock in her hand gently, looking up at him, and she slowly slid him into her mouth. Tasting both his and her cum on him she began to suck him softly, licking him clean. Licking from hilt to head in long strokes, short, lapping strokes and gentle nibbles, sucking his head and licking down his balls, just to make sure she didn't miss a drop. Ooh how she loved the way he tasted...