 Girls have needs too, right? I know that I do. Sometimes what I need is down and dirty, no holds barred, roll-in-the-hay sex. Every so often something goes awry in my brain and I can't concentrate on anything until I satisfy my urges. Ninety-five percent of the time I'm a good girl. Five percent of the time I'm something else.

Last night the need arose and I followed its siren call. I followed it down the block to a basketball court/playground where I knew I'd find some willing victims. Men are so easy. A little leg, a touch of cleavage, a peek of pink pussy under a short skirt and they're willing to do anything for you, go anywhere with you. 

I walked along the chain link fence that bordered the basketball court, looking at lithe bodies of chocolate, vanilla and caramel as though they were something I was planning to buy. 

A likely looking subject approached where I stood, focused on a water bottle on a nearby bench. "Hey." I said, getting his attention. 

Distracted by his game, he just nodded at first, then did a double take and turned his attention to me again. In that moment, I knew he was mine.

Despite teasing from the men he'd been playing with, he stayed to talk to me. What we talked about I really can't say. Stupid little icebreaking inconsequentials I assume. I made it clear what I wanted and he made it clear that he wanted it too. His buddies laughed at him as he left the court but he waved them off. 

The park had a restroom at the far end, up against a thick stand of trees and away from most of the lights. Behind the restroom it was nice and dark. A good place for what I had in mind. 

I had chosen my victim well. He was already primed and ready. I gave him a gloating, catlike smile and pushed him back against the wall, fondling the bulge in his shorts. My pussy throbbed with need but I wanted to play first. 

I let him put his hands up my skirt while I put mine down his pants, fishing around until I found something worth grabbing onto. It felt pleasingly hard. I knew it would feel very good inside me and my pussy oozed moisture in agreement. 

He wanted to fuck me right then and there but I pushed him against the wall again, enjoying the power of anticipation. His irritation gave way to contentment as I knelt before him and began tugging his shorts down. 

"Nice," I purred in genuine appreciation of the erection in front of my face.

"Suck it, baby," he whispered.

I moaned as I took him into my mouth. I love sucking dick, especially when it belongs to a man whose name I don't know. I become drunk on the scent and taste of raw maleness and it arouses me, makes me thirsty for more. 

I sucked him eagerly, enjoying the silky sensation of his skin sliding past my lips. He tasted musky and male and I enjoyed the power I held over him as he gasped for air, watching me with wide eyes that suggested he was wondering how on earth his evening had taken this particular turn. 

While I pleasured him, I pleasured myself too, pulling up my short skirt to play with my pussy. I found it wet and hungry for attention.

When I could tell that he was perilously close to climax, I stopped, looking up at him with a wicked smile. The irritated expression returned to his face until I lewdly commanded, "Fuck me."

It's so easy to get what I want. I never even have to look very far. I leaned forward against the wall, bending over to give him access to my swollen pussy. He didn't need telling twice and he eagerly slid into me, pounding away like a maniac, which was exactly the sort of attention that I craved.

"Harder..." I moaned, desperate for release.

He held me firmly by the hips and slammed into me deep and fast, using his dick like it was a battering ram. I arched my back like a cat in heat, pleased with his performance. In the distance I could hear the sound of his friends playing on the basketball court and the risk of doing this in public was part of the fun for me. Perhaps it was for him too.

He slapped my rear end, making me focus. Yes, this was exactly what I needed. Dirty, sleazy sex. The dirtier, the better. "More..." I gasped, straining against him.

He continued to fuck me with admirable energy, filling my hungry little pussy the way it needed to be filled. It burned with the friction of his rapid thrusts and I came violently, my nails digging into the crevices of the restroom wall. 

"I'm gonna cum..." he groaned as my pussy convulsed around his dick.

"In my mouth --- let me taste it." I gasped.

He withdrew and I dropped to my knees, taking him into my mouth again. I felt his cock swell perceptibly and then a warm burst of fluid in my mouth. 

"Oh my God," he panted when he was through, slumping against the bathroom wall. 

I coolly adjusted my clothing, the catlike smile in place again. There was one more thing I needed from him before I would be ready to go. I kissed him deeply, letting him taste himself on my tongue. My lips moved over his jaw and down his throat. I could feel his pulse beating and sensed warm, life giving blood just beneath. As drunk on sex as he was at the time, I don't think he even felt it when my teeth cut through the fragile membrane of his skin and I began to feed...