 Thanks to nchalada, wrc264, & albatrs89 for editing this series.

Resubmitted 12/12/18 with fixed typos/improved grammar.

*****

Chapter 1 -- Pranksters.

Monday Morning. Early May. Upstate New York. 6:15 AM.

God, did Steve hate that sound. The blaring alarm noise coming from his phone was something out of his nightmares. He'd tried everything: birds chirping, ringing bells, whistling, and even the self-destruct warning from Alien, but nothing worked. At 6:15 AM, Monday through Friday, he was the most miserable man on the planet.

You know what would solve all his problems? A bowl of junk food cereal. Or what about a doughnut? Now we're talking. He drove right past Cindy's Donuts on his way to work every morning. How good did a chocolate glazed cream filled doughnut sound right about now? He could taste the Bavarian custard on his tongue already. And when it mixed with that thick layer of chocolaty goodness? Well, that was on par with sex.

If he still remembered what sex felt like.

He groaned as he reluctantly rolled out of bed. There weren't going to be any doughnuts, cereal, or anything unhealthy today. It was officially day number twenty-six on his no-shit, no-sugar diet. He read that the cravings were supposed to subside after a week, but he wasn't buying it. It'd been close to a month and he wanted a big piece of chocolate cake more than life itself. Was this how things were going to be from now on? He was twenty-seven years old and dreaming about snacks!

He ventured out of his room and down the hallway of the apartment he shared with his roommate. Dave just might be the heaviest sleeper in the history of humanity, so being noisy in the mornings was never something he had to worry about. The light switch flipped on in the bathroom and he took a good, hard look at himself in the mirror.

Shit, he actually looked pretty good.

The six foot one, brown-haired, brown-eyed World History teacher didn't necessarily need to diet. He'd always been a naturally lean guy with a solid foundation of muscle remaining from his high school sports career, but his roommate's sudden obsession with working out had sparked some feelings of motivation deep inside him. He still recalled the days of girls eyeing him for his body. He never should've let himself get out of shape. Why had he canceled his gym membership and started eating fast food in the first place? Was it the stress of real life? Rent, groceries, student loans, a car payment, and attempting to have some sort of social life was quite the bill to foot. Sometimes it was easier to pick up a pizza on his way home than to bake chicken, but things were changing.

Is that a hint of abs? He raised his arms in the air and leaned back to help level out the thin layer of fat which still coated his midsection. Holy shit! He could see his upper four abdominal muscles! The bottom two still needed a little help, however. The small pouch of fat on his lower stomach was going to take some extremely strict eating to get rid of, but he was determined to do it.

He'd been going to the gym with Dave five days a week over the past month. And they weren't just lifting weights—they were lifting heavy. Monday was arms and abs, Tuesday was chest, Wednesday was shoulders, Thursday was back, and Friday they hit arms and abs again. Throw in a little pickup basketball, some hiking, and one hundred percent healthy eating, and he looked like a new man.

His shoulders were already visibly wider, his pectoral muscles were larger, his stomach was flatter, and his biceps were bulging. The veins which used to run through his arms in high school were back, but it was how he felt that was the most noticeable change. He had more energy—with the exception being his mornings, he never felt sore anymore, and he'd actually jerked-off three times in one night the other week. It was like he was fifteen again!

All of his desires for coffee, cookies, and a burger were kicked to the curb the second he gazed at his reflection. Women had been eyeing him again! That was mostly a good thing. The onslaught of attention he was receiving from his tenth grade students wasn't what he was going for, however. There was no way he was going to be one of those teachers on the news busted for having sex with a fifteen-year-old girl. Plus, he was really only after one woman. She was friendly, beautiful, and she had his heart. And, oh yeah, he'd never said more than four words to her at one time.

Megan lived three doors down at the end of their floor's hallway, and she was one of the most stunning women he'd ever laid his eyes on. She also caused him to clam up every time he bumped into her. He wasn't some virgin. He had a few girlfriends over the years, but he wasn't exactly a ladies' man either. In fact, it'd been eight months since he last got some action. Did his crush really not have a boyfriend? He never saw any guys coming or going from her apartment, but maybe something else was going on. Maybe she met her boyfriend or her hook-ups elsewhere. Or maybe she was a lesbian. There was no way a girl that gorgeous was single.

But what if she was?

What if the five foot six, blonde-haired, blue-eyed, twenty-something-year-old knockout was indeed available? What if she was looking for a boyfriend? What if that flat stomach, perky butt, and big bust was yearning for some affection? He needed to grow a set of balls and just talk to her. "Hey, Megan, how's your day going?" There. Would that really be so hard? And then maybe he would ask her out for a coffee. He'd be willing to cheat on his diet for a date with his crush. He wasn't in middle school anymore. It was time to start acting like a man.

He jumped in the shower before brushing his teeth and getting dressed. The beige dress pants and navy blue long sleeve button up he saw in the mirror caused a little part of him to die. What happened to his rock star dreams? Remember when he was going to be a badass who wore whatever he wanted? Dave wore jeans and a t-shirt to his IT job every day, yet, here he was, dressing like his father.

So what if he wasn't a renegade? He collected a decent paycheck, had the summer and weekends off, and worked a pretty low-stress gig on top of all that. But then again, teaching tenth-graders about a series of wars wasn't going to change anyone's life, so what was he really going for? What was the point of his reality? Just to get by? Maybe he needed a hobby or something. There had to be more important reasons to exist than to teach and work out, and a girlfriend wasn't going to solve his problems either. Sure, maybe she would help, but he desired more. He wanted to wake up each morning with a purpose. With a mission. Today's goal was to talk to Megan, but he had some serious thinking to do. He was put on this planet for a reason. He had to be.

Kale, carrots, celery, half a tomato, a raw egg, and a plethora of fresh fruit filled his blender. This sure as shit didn't look as good as a doughnut, but, hey, he was never going to see those bottom two abs if he started his day with a pastry.

He blended his breakfast, gulped it down, and picked up the brown leather bag he used to haul around some essential items like his books and laptop. Here's to another day of changing the world. To another day of kids obsessively checking their phones instead of participating in the discussion about World War 2 he would most likely be having with himself.

Keep it positive! Life is so much better when you don't stress everything. There's nothing wrong with being a little ignorant at times. You know why Dave is always in such a good mood? Because he thinks he's king shit. Give it a shot!

He slipped out the front door before locking it behind him. It didn't take long for his head to snap around to Megan's door. Why couldn't she be standing there? Why couldn't she be greeting him with that knee-weakening smile of hers? There was no way he could chicken out then. He was so ready to talk to her, but who knows how he would feel if he didn't see her for a few days? What if he chickened out again?

Stop thinking negative. Keep it positive!

 

You know what a real man would do? A man who had his shit together? He would knock on her door tonight. He would have a plan, and a mission, and take the initiative. Screw waiting! He was going to—

Megan's door suddenly opened. A dishevelled-looking blonde stepped out into the hallway: her wavy, shoulder length hair a mess, light eyeliner running on an otherwise makeup-free face, and a pair of wrinkled pink pajamas which he'd never been privy to seeing. Even in this current state of disarray, his neighbor had his heart.

She took one step for the stairs before freezing. Her feet appeared to be stuck in glue. Did someone hit the pause button on a playing movie? She was just motionless. But then she slowly turned in his direction before her eyes began to bulge.

"Hey, Megan."

She started shaking.

Well, this wasn't going as expected. Steve got his wish, bumped into his neighbor before heading off to work, and she responded by treating him like some ghostly apparition. He took a step forward and her body finally reacted. She quickly moved further away.

"Something wrong?" he asked.

There was no denying it: she was terrified. Her feet continued to carry her further from him until her back roughly thudded against the wall behind her. Was there blood all over his face? Was his dick hanging out of his pants? Why in the world was his always friendly neighbor behaving like this?

"You-you-you-ca-can't be here."

He can't be here? In the hallway? What in the world did that mean? "Are you okay?"

"Why-why-are-you-you here?" she stammered once again.

Was he missing something? Since when was it illegal for him to walk to the stairs in their building? And why did she appear like she'd just rolled out of bed? Actually, now that he took a closer peek, her eyes were red and puffy. Maybe her eyeliner was running for a reason. Was she crying?

"Did something happen?" he questioned. "Megan, are you okay?"

Her body tensed up when he took another step closer. A second footstep in her direction caused her to panic. This woman was seemingly terrified by the sight of him, but he didn't have the slightest idea as to why.

"You-you aren't here. No. No, you-you can't be."

He stopped a few feet from the trembling blonde and set his bag down on the floor. His hands slowly raised into the air to show her they were empty. He was harmless. He was just the nice, shy, and somewhat goofy neighbor from down the hall. Whatever this girl thought he was going to do to her, he wasn't.

"Tell me what's going on," Steve said. "Did someone do something to you?"

"You aren't real."

It all made sense now. No boyfriend, not guys at all, and now this bizarre encounter. He never would've guessed in a million years: Megan was on drugs.

"Maybe you should go back inside," he stated, pointing at her open door. "Call in sick."

She immediately shook her head.

"Umm...okay... Well, where were you going?"

Megan gulped as she attempted to think. "I-I don't know."

"You don't know where you were going?"

She shook her head again.

Steve wasn't some drug expert. He wouldn't be able to tell you what this girl was on, but she was definitely on something. The only thing more obvious was when one of the boys he taught would get high before strolling into class. Those bloodshot eyes always made him laugh. It couldn't be any more obvious they were stoned, but he liked to fancy himself as the cool teacher. He usually let it slide.

He took another step toward her.

"STOP!!"

He froze.

Her panic and worry seemed to turn to immense fear. This girl was truly terrified.

"Close your eyes!" she demanded.

"What?"

"Jus-just close 'em!"

Steve was growing a little nervous. What if his neighbor was a junkie? What if she planned on stabbing him to get his wallet?

"Put your hands in your pockets!"

His hands cautiously disappeared into his pockets. He was completely exposed now. Not only was he in an extremely vulnerable position, but he was blind on top of it! He was so weak around cute girls. He could still remember giving Amy Sanders his iPod in middle school. He didn't let her use it or even borrow it—he gave it to her. Why? Because that's just how he was. Maybe she would like him more if he gave her something. And what did he get out of it? A mere hug. Fifteen years later and he still wanted that iPod back...

The sound of footsteps timidly approaching snapped him back to reality. This could be the final moments of his life. He was at the mercy of this stoned, clearly unstable girl. Was this the purpose he was searching for? To get mugged by some one hundred and twenty pound chick in his building? That would be one hell of a way to go out.

He listened to her move to his rear, suspicious of whatever irrational thoughts were racing through her mind. There was no use in reasoning with her. She would only grow more leery. All he could do was pray.

She moved back to his front before approaching. Even her steps sounded distrustful. Her tread was calling him a liar. She was silently screaming that he was misleading her.

Steve jumped.

The soft touch of a hand feeling the cotton of his long sleeve shirt caused him to temporarily lose his breath. Why wasn't he opening his eyes? Why did he trust her?

Earth to Steve! Hello! Are you there!? Have you ever seen a woman behave like this? What do you think is going to happen, dummy? Shit is going to get real bad, real soon, if you don't take action.

 

But he didn't. He remained motionless as that wandering hand moved up his arm before gently rubbing against cheek. Soft, exploring fingers soon turned to a firm grasp.

"Oh my God, Steve!!"

His eyes shot open just in time to feel Megan wrapping her arms around him.

Where could he get more of the drugs she was on? Could he buy her a lifetime supply? He wasted little time in returning her embrace as he savored the feel of her body against his. They were a perfect fit. Her curves and his muscles were puzzle pieces. He took a deep inhale and was hit by the faint smell of strawberries. Her scent took him back to his adolescence. Back to the days of only worrying about girls and football. He needed this in his life. The fountain of youth was in his hold. This girl had trimmed ten years off his life with a simple hug, and he still had no idea how he went from villain to hero at a drop of a hat. He wasn't necessarily in a hurry to find out either.

Her relief quickly turned to tears. She was a mess of emotions, overwhelmed by something he still wasn't privy to. Whatever was on her beautiful mind, it was pouring out onto the shoulder of his shirt in liquid form.

"I'm-I'm-so-so-so happy!!" she sobbed. Her lock around his body turned to a tight squeeze and he couldn't be more overjoyed. His chest wasn't going to complain about being smothered by her large bust.

"Everything is fine," he whispered into her ear in an attempt to calm her worries.

Should he go for it? Why not? Sure, this was reserved for the role of a boyfriend, but he didn't see anyone else in the hallway with them.

Do it! Grow some balls!

His right hand ran through her blonde locks as he continued to hug her. This felt so right. He just wanted to hold her. To tell her everything would be okay. Would it? He didn't have a clue. He didn't even know why she was upset. And to be completely honest, Steve really didn't care. He was going to make all of her problems disappear.

He lowered his voice to a murmur, hoping it would help relax her. "Now, tell me what's wrong."

And just like that, she began to hysterically wail again.

Well, it was nice to see nothing in the world had changed. He was still awful with women. As good as it was to be the rock this girl needed, he was going to be late for first period if he didn't get moving.

"Listen, go back inside and I'll come see you after I get out of work."

Her hold turned to a suffocating lock. "No!! Don't go!!"

"I'll be back in the afternoon. No later than two-thirty. I promise."

"Don't go!" she continued to plead. "Please! Stay with me!"

He needed to know what was going on before he could ponder his next move. He could always call in sick if this was serious. But what if she'd just broken up with her boyfriend or something? What if she wasn't high, but instead going through some emotional crisis in her life? He didn't have a responsibility to be there for her, did he? He didn't know the first thing about this girl! He didn't even know what she did for work!

"You need to tell me what's wrong," he told her, his voice growing firmer. "I can't help if I'm out of the loop."

Megan finally let him go and took a step back. The soft cotton from her pink long sleeve pajama top swiftly wiped the tears away from her puffy eyes. "You really don't know?"

"Don't know what?"

She grabbed his hand and led him toward her door.

He was in heaven. Her hands were so soft and relaxing. Everything about her was intoxicating. Even her apartment put him at ease. He'd taken a quick peek inside her place before, occasionally catching a glimpse when she was heading out or returning home, but being inside was a completely different vibe. Everything was so clean. It was the polar opposite of his place. Dave wasn't exactly a neat freak, and he wasn't one either. Dishes had a tendency to pile up in the sink before one of them eventually got around to washing them, but this wasn't anything like that. He felt like he was back at home with his parents.

A blanket was perfectly folded on the sofa, a hardcover novel was the only item on an otherwise spotless kitchen table, and there wasn't a speck of dust to be seen. This place was as flawless as the woman whose name was on the lease.

Megan hurried over to the couch to retrieve the remote. Her finger repeatedly pressed down on the power button, eager to turn on the slow responding television.

There were pictures of family around, but he didn't see anything resembling a boyfriend. Actually, he didn't see any signs of male presence other than her father. Maybe he was right. Maybe this angel really was single.

"Here!" she shouted. "Come over here!"

He headed over to the sofa where she was seated, her feet rapidly tapping on the recently vacuumed carpet. This was the source of her problems? The TV? It had to be more serious than this.

"Sit! Please!"

He took a seat next to her before joining her eyes on the television screen in front of them. The red CNN "Breaking News" banner was above a larger white banner which contained one simple sentence which must've been a typo. But before he could reread the frantic message, the female anchor spoke up.

"Once again, I'm not exactly sure how to word this without just being direct. If you are just joining us, what you're seeing on the screen isn't a joke. Five hours...or a little over five hours ago, a large percentage of the male population suddenly vanished. The reasons are still unknown. Acting president, former Secretary of Labor Michelle Mathis, recently released a statement urging everyone to remain calm."

 

The screen cut to an official White House statement, where acting president Michelle Mathis was addressing the nation.

 

"The reasons for this sudden phenomenon are currently unknown. All of our efforts and resources are being spent on finding an answer and reversing whatever caused this, but please, remain calm. Women have come a long way from the days of not being able to vote, and now it's our responsibility to step up and become the leaders I know each and every one of you are capable of being. We will find a solution. Stay safe and God bless you all."
