 It was Saturday and the air was chilled but that would not stop the men and women in need. The air was full of the kind of glorious energy that flooded the cities of fame. The season was in full swing and it was time for the people to explore more than the streets.

Ashley was getting ready to go out and find some fun in the night. She equipped her best dress and accessories. The crimson satin dress hugged her voluptuous hips. Her curves were perfectly displayed as the color itself was the quintessential contrast to her light caramel skin. The accent that contrast further she wore a soft dusty rose head of hair. To finish the outfit she wore a choker of black lace and heels of black. The reflection of her smirked as she watched the gorgeous woman prepare for her adventure.

Her goal was to relinquish the week of burdens she had been hammered through. Her bosses were idiots with a list of gross incompetence between them. She wanted to find a hot guy and get herself to feel free before the next beating she had to take at work. 

She would shake her head and stride toward the cab as it pulled up. Her legs swung into the cab and she was whisked away to her favorite club. The guys were ravenous and model material to boot. It was a great place for a hookup. She arrived and saw the line spin around the corner. She smiled as she strutted her stuff, her hips swaying as her dress curved with each step. The light material slid ever slowly up her legs showing off her beautiful toned legs. As she past a few people she heard nasty remarks and guys being slapped by girls. 

"Hey Griff how is it in there?" She asked touching his coat with her finger. Her eyes were big and too cute to resist.

"Ashley! It's has been a while." He responded seeing her smile for the first time in a month. "The music is loud and the people are excited. Please go right in and enjoy yourself." He opened the door slowly and the music came out in force. The bass shaking the windows and lights. The people in line all became agitated at her easy access.

The lights flashing in time with the music as she walked right up to the bar and the bartender knew her order and prepped it. She loved that sweet sting of a freshly opened plum wine. The way that smooth liquid slid over her tongue bringing it to life. The chilled fluid sliding down her throat as the quick touch of the alcohol rushed over her. The chills that rolled down her spine and throughout her body made her excited to move. Unknown to Ashley however a man was intently watching her and had plans for her. She sipped her wine and stared out over the dance floor. She spotted a few potential partners for a rough night. One in particular was catching her eye. He was a tall blonde with green eyes and wore a bright t-shirt and jeans. They hugged his muscles and toned body. He was a good looker and was dancing on another girl who was not interested.

The other woman spun on her heel and slapped him when he grabbed her ass. No one heard the hit but people saw it and he was quickly removed as security swooped in like bats. "Damn!" Ashley swore under her breath. A stout man walked into her field of view and looked her over with a smile as he licked his lips.

He was not ugly and had an air of superiority to him that annoyed her. His short black hair was kept neat but his outfit was messy and seemed half assed. His jeans were loose and his shirt was half tucked in as his hand came up to touch her she backed away creeped out. 

"Oh don't be a bitch and just come dance with me" he said with a smug tone like he owned her. This is one thing she would not stand for and showed it by standing up and leaving him behind. "Yeah that's right bitch I am way too good for you and you better not try to slut your way back here again." He shouted for everyone nearby to hear him. 

"Fuck!" She thought as she knew this may ruin her chances to find anyone. She needed the stress relief and would be damned to be denied. She walked over to some guys and started to slowly chat them up and dance. Her serpent like movements enticed them as they stared on and none spoke. The beers were sipped so not to lose a moment of this seductive dance.

"Hey babe, there you are" came a voice from behind her. She turned and saw the greaseball from the bar and became furious as the men she was chatting with vanished like roaches. He walked over with a cheerful smile until he reached her and stared her down. "I got all night to chase guys off. Let's stop playing games and go back to my place and have fun." He took her arm and pulled her to move with him thinking he had won.

Her hand was like lightning as it struck his jaw full fisted and knocked his ass to the floor. People split apart to watch as she kicked off her heels now furious that her efforts were wasted. She squared up and walked over to him barefoot getting ready to strike like a cobra. He stood up and saw blood on the floor. His eyes went wide as she came at him. She was out for blood now and he was scared no one had dared to hit him before.

"Ashley is there a problem." Griff said appearing in the crowd near her and taking her shoulder.

"You are damn right there is man! This bitch got mad cause I said I wanted nothing to do with her and hit me." The greaseball lied as the crowd stood watching him bleed from his lips and nose.

She just glanced up at Griff who nodded and took the man by the arm and walked away. "Come on sir let's get you cleaned up." He said taking him to the back door. Ashley got her shoes and stormed off now her chances ruined entirely.

Everyone watched her but one set of eyes was watching a completely different scene. "Well miss Ashley you have my attention now." Another man said softly to no one. His eyes a burning red as his golden locks streamed to an edge at close cropped hair. He wore all black with a silk shirt. His smile was more of a smirk as she stormed by "Josef" he whispered. He had to follow her as if driven by instinct to chase her. That was not entirely wrong either. With each step he could sense her burning desire and lust. She needed someone to release the beast that was just sleeping under the surface. She sought freedom and release and he was willing to help her. 

Her cab pulled up and she threw herself in it slamming the door and going home angry and frustrated thinking about her toys and which one would offer her orgasm. The blonde man followed slowly in his car as the cab drove her home. His eyes never leaving the back of her lovely locks. That color and her dress slowly drove his lust to come alive. He was her hunter and she would be his prey. His loins hungered as he licked his lips and his rather impressive canines. 

She looked out the window and when she arrived she just tossed the driver money and not caring about change. She needed to get off and would no matter what. Her feet flew up the stairs in a desperate run to her apartment. She knew which toy would do it and had to have it. Her dress hit the floor as she entered her room and her panties were soaked through from her own fantasy of getting off.

Her elegant fingers caressed her legs as her wet underwear slid away under the covers of her bed. The clouds outside gathered as the rain came down hard so her moans became unheard in the night. The toy of choice was an 8 inch vibrator that was now circling her clit and driving her fast down to her climax. Each twitch of her hand let out a gasp and a moan of pleasure. Each vibration sent fire through her body. She shook and quivered as her body reached its climax. Her back arched as her womanhood exploded and her voice ran silent. Her orgasm shook her to the core but something was just missing. Her mind slipped away as sleep came and swallowed her. 

She was at the club again and just before the sleazeball approached her another man stood in his path. She recognized the man as he had whispered to her, his name. It was Josef and his eyes were staring right into hers. It was as if he had taken away her fear and emotions all together. This moment was what she wanted. Something in her screamed at her to stay and listen to this man.

His lips parted ever so slightly as he stood beside her and whispered in her ear. "Let's go somewhere quiet." His voice was smooth like cream and flowed as of on fire. Her body shook with small chills and her legs became jello. Who was this man and why was he turning her on like this. Her entire body craved him and his finger just grazed over her bare back and she quivered into him her body pressing into his. She was a puppet in his hands and she knew he would give her what she wanted. 

"I agree let's go!" She said taking his hand and rushed to the cab stand. She pulled him into the cab and gave the address to the driver. Josef sat in the back with her. She wanted to kiss him but his finger met her lips

.

"Save that moment for later Ashley." He whispered as his lips parted in her ear and his teeth met her cartilage. The sensation that ran over her senses had her gasp but quickly she covered her mouth so not to alert the driver. His fingers traced over every inch of her exposed skin and not once did they touch anything special but the tender sliding motion over her skin gave her goosebumps. His lips sucked on her ear as she quivered under his touch. He was magic and he set her skin on fire while sending chills through her body. She couldn't resist coveting his kiss but each time she tried he stopped her. 

The cab stopped at her apartment and she threw the money at the driver not caring about change. She was at the door fast rummaging her purse for the keys. Josef just stalked up to her the key slid into the lock. It released the tumbler as it turned and his voice released her. "Welcome home" he whispered as she slid down to the pavement her legs turned to mush. He lifted her into his arms and up the stairs he went. Her door was locked but she fumbled to get him the key and it slipped down to the floor.

The next thing she knew was it was her dress that was on the floor. She laid in bed and was looking up at him. His shirt was being peeled off his body by his strong arms and his rolling muscles all moved in sync. He was like a piece of art that she was imagining in a museum. His touch came as his hands slowly slid up her legs to her underwear. His fingertips slid over her wet womanhood as she let out a gasp of air. Who was this man and how did he know her every sensitive spot. It was like they had done this for years. He was a master of her body and she his puppet. His lips traced her body down her stomach and across her inner thighs. She squirmed as his hands pushed her back down and his lips continued to trace her legs until reaching her toes. His slim fingers hooked her panties and slid them down over her long slender legs. They moved slow but somehow vanished in an instant.

He met her again and licked his lips as at last he leaned in for that kiss but only evaded her lips and kissed her neck. Her back arched as if forced and shoved her womanhood into his bulge as if begging for it. He again pressed her down as his tongue now explored her neck slowly and elegantly licking each place just the right way. She could not speak as each breath she took in was quickly exhaled. His hot breath caressed her now moist skin over her neck and it sent a shiver down her spine right into her dripping womanhood. 

"Please just do it already I beg you." She ached as she needed him. Her release always just sitting at the edge teasing her but never falling over. 

"As you wish darling" his voice returned in its whispered seduction as her body groaned in anticipation. He sat up and stripped free of his clothes slowly, prolonging her release further only making the desire far more irresistible. His body crawled over hers. His arms looped around her legs and lifted them placing her ankles on his shoulders. His cock pressed her drowning slit and sat pressed waiting to dive in. She was drowning in her lust now as her eyes looked on in fear and shock at his size but her smile was seductive as if challenging the beast before her.

His shaft vanished in an instant and at last it happened. Her back arched violently as her entire body shook and rocked with her orgasm. At long last she had received her desired finish and it was intense enough to drive her mind to a standstill. Her eyes rolled away as she came violently and finally reached climax that had been teased and taunted for so long. Her tongue hung limp as her throat ran dry from her pleasure induced screams. 

Her body shook more as she awoke to find the man pulling away from her neck and a drop of blood on his lips. His smile was soft and his eyes warming like the sun and the drop of blood only accented his gorgeous features. "Good evening Ashley it has been a sincere pleasure for me and I hope you enjoyed yourself as well." His voice was as smooth as ever but he was clothed and his teeth were fangs. His lips pressed to hers and she came again now as his aphrodisiac lips held her frozen. This climax even more ferocious than before as if he was forcing each nerve to respond to him. He was her master in this moment and any other that his lips met hers.

He had manipulated her dream to remove any pain from his bite as she had soaked her bed with her orgasm. It was as real as she was and her body was frozen from her silent climax and her body rocked hard as she wanted more. 

"My kiss is only for you, should you wake." He whispered in her ear and she knew he did it for her so she would not feel pain and he could feed. "I will be around if you ever want the real me and I promise I am better than the dream." His voice lingered in the air as he vanished into the night. "Goodnight Ashley and see you around I hope." He called from the the street as his voice drifted away the roar of an engine came through the window and off he went. He left her in bliss as every pore and cell relaxed in unison and she drifted back to sleep.