 Thanks to nchalada, wrc264, & albatrs89 for editing this series.

Resubmitted 12/12/18 with fixed typos/improved grammar.

Note: there's no sex in this part.

*****

Chapter 4 -- It Runs In The Family.

"We're here."

Steve couldn't believe his eyes once he sat up in the back seat. He also couldn't comprehend that his girlfriend had failed to mention a particular detail he was having a difficult time grasping. It took thirty minutes after their latest lust-filled romp to arrive at Uncle Dave's place. It was a big, older, white, two-story house, with two driveway entrances, one on each side of the home. The house, though, was in dire need of a fresh coat of paint.

The stone driveway looped around the dwelling, creating a half-circle with the country road. A red barn sat just behind the residence, but his eyes were transfixed on something he had yet to fully process. His anxiety at the idea of somehow taking advantage of their surroundings was hastily rising, however.

Megan had mentioned a few things after their first time in bed together: her uncle lived out in the country, he didn't have a farm but his neighbors were farmers, and every house out here had acres of land. He'd envisioned rolling hills and miles of empty space. The mountains off in the distance created quite the picturesque backdrop, but they weren't anywhere near as close to the peaks as he'd expected.

"I can't believe you didn't tell me about this," he noted as their tires hit the stones of the driveway. "Megan, this is huge."

She parked in the middle of the half-circle so the home would allow their vehicle to be hidden from passing travelers. The blonde curiously glanced behind her and asked, "What's huge?"

What's huge? Was that a serious question? This completely changed everything.

While Steve didn't live out in farm country, he'd driven through it enough times to know what he was looking at. They weren't surrounded by wheat or pastures used for grazing. This was his favorite type of landscape. Nothing did it for him like passing through this kind of scenery on his way to a weekend backpacking trip.

He'd never seen his town in a more cheery mood than the past five months. The only relatable memory he had to the past one hundred and fifty days, was years ago when their professional football team entered their week six bye with an undefeated record. They of course collapsed and ended up missing the playoffs—sending everyone reeling into a fit of depression, but there hadn't been any gloom this year. Their team was awful but nobody cared. Well, everything was good until this morning, that is.

The warmest winter in upstate New York history had come to an end six weeks ago. There wasn't a single storm, barely a hint of snow, and the temperatures had almost always remained on the right side of forty degrees, even during the coldest months. It was paradise to everyone except the skiers and snowboarders, and it was certainly a reason to put a big smile on most people's faces.

The amazing weather rolled right into spring. April had been heaven for Steve. Did the thermometer dip below seventy during daytime? Maybe once, but it was only for a brief moment. It was like they were living in the south. Everyone knew the next winter would most likely be particularly brutal. Mother Nature had a tendency to even things out, but no one was complaining about walking around in shorts and tank tops during the months they were usually bundled up.

While he was busy creating outlines for his World History class outside on his laptop, the farmers just an hour north were excited about this temporary shift in climate for an entirely different reason. Soil needs to be sixty degrees, and the air had to be at least sixty-five degrees for a certain type of crop to grow. It was a requirement the guy in the back seat was absolutely clueless about. He assumed the farmers probably got an early jump, especially since temperatures had been in the low-to-mid seventies throughout May, but this was unbelievable.

Steve was staring at corn stalks which were already four feet tall.

He knew they obviously weren't fully mature yet, but other than that, he was fairly mystified about anything farming related. Did they need to be fertilized, what was the irrigation system for watering these crops, and when would he be able to tell the corn was ready to be picked? He'd never considered himself a city boy until this very moment. He was in way over his head.

"You said your uncle doesn't have a farm," Steve stated, still memorized by all the potential they were encircled by. "His whole yard is a corn farm!"

"Is that what I said?" she asked. "I meant that he isn't a farmer. But, yeah, everything out here is farmland."

Okay, it was time to worry about what they could control first. The lack of internet and cell signal meant they were on their own unless they found someone who knew about growing corn. They would cross that bridge later. First, they needed to unpack.

Megan exited the car, laboring around to the open trunk where she let out an exaggerated sigh. There was no attempt to hide her displeasure at having to pay up on their bet. She was still having a hard time understanding how he'd outlasted her. But on the other hand, a million different ideas for what they could do in bed were racing through her mind. Here she was, all alone in the country, with nothing to do, and a stud who was infatuated with her. Oh, the possibilities...

And with that, she became a little more enraptured with him.

Steve grabbed a backpack and slung it over his shoulder before retrieving the twenty-four pack of water. "What? You didn't really think I would make you unload the car by yourself, did you?"

To be honest, Megan did. She also wasn't completely sure she would've helped if he'd lost the bet. It was just another one of his amazing traits which drove her crazy. She'd really hit the jackpot.

They'd only driven past one other gas station and a small pharmacy on the rest of their trip, and unfortunately, both of them had several cars in the parking lots. Megan made the decision to continue driving without alerting Steve. It was for the best. The last thing she wanted to see was another gun pointed at the guy who'd already managed to wiggle his way out of one dicey situation today.

She followed him to the front door where she rang the doorbell. Neither of them were expecting a response, but old habits die hard. Plus, they would've felt like assholes breaking a window, only for Uncle Dave to be down in the basement or something. She wasn't ready to ask the human door opener to do his thing quite yet. A childhood memory was worth checking out first.

"I remember my aunt kept an extra key in the barn, but this was like fifteen years ago. It probably isn't even there anymore."

"Let's go check it out," he told her, setting the supplies down on the porch. His foot wasn't liking its chances against this solid oak door. "I'd prefer to not have to smash a window or something."

It'd been forever since she made this walk. Every summer up until the eighth grade, she would fly out to spend a few weeks with Uncle Dave and Aunt Carol. Some years it would be three weeks. Those experiences during her youth were why she'd decided to attend college in the area. There was such a peacefulness to this place. There was a slowness which made her sit down and appreciate every day. It was the complete opposite of the California lifestyle she found herself not missing in the least. In fact, the idea of someday moving out to the country was pretty appealing. Farmers' markets, no crime, and all the acres of land you could possibly dream of: the perks were endless. She just never expected to find herself out here at the ripe age of twenty-five.

The towering, unlocked barn doors parted, and they were greeted by an abundance of equipment: a small tractor, shovels, pipes, hoses, and all kinds of random farming necessities. Plenty of expected items were missing, however. There weren't any larger tractors? Where was the fertilizer? Shit, how about a manual on farming? Some step-by-step directions would be nice. A crisp, new copy of Corn Farming for Idiots. Now, that would be nice.

Megan briskly made her way to the far corner as Steve continued to catalog these new supplies in his head. What was he doing? He was a World History teacher last time he checked—not a farmer. Was he going to take over a cornfield and solve all of their food problems? Get real. But maybe he could...

"Holy shit, it's still here!"

His head snapped to his right where Megan was strutting back to him with a big smile and a raised hand. A metallic key glistened in the dusty air. It looked like his foot was off-duty for the rest of the day.

"You sure your uncle didn't become a farmer without you knowing?" he asked with a chuckle, pointing over at the piles of equipment.

"Yeah, I'm sure," she told him. "He used to lease his land out. I assume he's still doing that. He worked in a bakery and my aunt was a elementary school teacher. Trust me, neither of them were farmers."

He took another quick glance around the barn. Well, Megan had answered one of his questions. The more important and valuable equipment was probably in someone else's barn. That also meant whoever was leasing this land, probably wasn't too far away. You wouldn't waste your time and money hauling supplies for miles if you didn't have to.

"You don't know who's leasing his property, do you?"

Megan shook her head before holding the key up again. "No, but maybe we can find out inside."

The two exited the barn, closing the doors behind them. Unfortunately, there wasn't any sign of the chicken coop that used to exist over where the cornfields started. Moments later, Megan was stepping foot inside Uncle Dave's house for the first time in twelve years, and it was the strongest case of deja vu she'd ever experienced.

It was like she was thirteen years old again. Suddenly, today never happened. Neither had the past decade. She'd just spent the afternoon wandering the cornfields before throwing a stick to the most awesome border collie in the world, Bouncer. That crazy dog was always dropping something at her feet, and he would play fetch until his tongue was dragging along the ground. He was her best friend for fourteen days every year. Nothing made her feel more special than the way he would lose his mind after not seeing her for fifty weeks. Did that amazing dog just sit there and wait for her to return every year? He sure acted like it.

The smell of cinnamon and cardamom from one of Aunt Carol's homemade apple pies filled the air as her foot touched down on the mudroom floor. There wasn't an expensive laptop on the table or some big screen television on the wall when she made her way into the family room. A tube TV, bookshelves filled with novels, and a big chest which held dozens of board games: it was that simple way of life she couldn't get enough of.

Those hours alone with her favorite aunt molded her personality, the big box of doughnuts Uncle Dave would bring home from work caused her to light up like nothing else, and those unbelievable dinners she could still taste were fresh in her mind. Unpasteurized milk, hamburger meat which came from a local farm, and all the corn on the cob you could eat—if this wasn't heaven, then she didn't know what was.

Aunt Carol had taught her how to bake, knit, and introduced her to the world of Dean Koontz. The time she'd spent with her aunt had impacted her life more than the years with her own mother. Maybe that was why she never came back to this house after she'd passed away. Maybe she wasn't strong enough. Sometimes life's problems are easiest when you turn your back and pretend they don't exist. Perhaps Uncle Dave wouldn't have turned into the recluse he did if she'd made more of an effort. She'd lived an hour away for the past seven years and didn't visit him once? What kind of person was she? Why did it take this horrific situation to make her understand just how important family is? She made herself a promise at this very moment: nothing would ever come before her loved ones again.

The walls were the same colors, the furniture hadn't been updated, and an old, heavy, tube television was still in the family room. And so was that bookshelf full of paperbacks which Steve was already thumbing through. What if fate had brought her here? What if this was her chance to make up for her past failures? Maybe this was more than an escape plan. Maybe it was an answer.

The house wasn't messy, because there wasn't anything to mess up. It was nice to see Uncle Dave hadn't changed. He was always a simple man, while Aunt Carol was the one who would meticulously save and file away every note and sentimental item. She still remembered the time her aunt showed her all the handwritten letters and school art projects she'd hung onto over the years. Why would someone three thousand miles away keep a terrible drawing from a third-grader? Because that's the kind of person Aunt Carol was. She was an amazing woman. A much better woman than herself.

The first order of business involved unpacking the car and lugging everything inside. Twenty minutes later they were staring at a significantly more cluttered kitchen than the one they'd walked into. It also didn't look like Uncle Dave was much of a shopper. The cabinets and refrigerator shelves were mostly empty. A half loaf of bread, a few cans of soup, a little milk, and three boxes of mac and cheese were all they could add to their already limited selection of food. She had a feeling her uncle was mostly drinking his depression away, and part of her still felt responsible for that. She should've been here for him.

The two continued to wander the plain, rather dull house until something caused the mood to swiftly change. The atmosphere shifted in a split second. At least one thing was different from her summer trips of exploring every nook and cranny of this property: the basement.

Surprisingly, the basement was actually more tidy than it was over a decade ago. The boxes and storage containers which used to litter the floor, were now stacked up in the corner. A large, wood computer desk was also new to the room, and so was the laptop which appeared to have been made in the past decade. This piece of technology may as well have been futuristic by the family room's standards.

But something was out of place: very, very out of place. It was also a clear sign of where her once sane uncle's mental health had deteriorated to. Twenty-three by seventeen inch cork bulletin boards lined the wall, their light birch wood frames looking that much more foreign in the dark, grim, unfinished basement. The lack of light was unsettling. It created a certain spooky mood.

Steve pulled down on a small chain hanging from the ceiling, resulting in a light bulb directly over Megan's head to light up. And when it did, her eyes followed suit.

Papers covered the bulletin boards, held in place by clear push pins. Newspaper clippings, magazine pages, and articles printed out from the internet: it was a mess of everything. But now that Steve peered more closely, maybe it wasn't a mess. Perhaps there was an order to this previously labeled chaos.

"So, this is your crazy uncle?"

No, this wasn't her crazy uncle. A crazy uncle entailed someone who had a screw loose. What she was looking at had to be mental illness. There was no other explanation for this lunacy.

Printouts of crop circles, comprehensive chemtrail reports, records of major political and influential summits, and articles detailing everything from natural disasters to mysterious bird deaths—it was all here. The collage of papers featuring gruesome cattle mutilations was particularly worrisome. This scene resembled the movies where FBI agents would have pictures of Mafia members on the wall. Except instead of noting the mobster's nicknames and ranks throughout the organization, each piece of paper contained a strange combination of numbers.

"You said he worked in a bakery, right?"

Megan wasn't sure what was going on any longer. Where had Uncle Dave found the time to do this? And more importantly, why? Had he quit his job? Was he living off leasing out his land? Maybe Aunt Carol had a big life insurance policy which was keeping him afloat. Everyone knew her uncle was a bit nutty, but this was deranged behavior.

"Umm...yeah...he did," she answered, her blue eyes continuing to take in the outlandish scenery in front of her. "I'm...uh...not sure he still does."

"There's a room back at your apartment that looks like this, isn't there?"

That comment brought a little smile to her face. "No, there isn't. You see, this is what a conspiracy theorist looks like. I'm not one."

"I'm not so sure about that, Mulder," he commented while observing the collection of crop circle images on the bulletin board in front of him. "This shit is probably right up your alley."

He wasn't necessarily wrong. She'd never met a conspiracy theory she wasn't at least up for entertaining, but she wasn't about to turn her place into an investigation room either. She wanted nothing more than to sit down and talk with Uncle Dave right now. To find out what was on his mind. To see if he was still struggling to cope with Aunt Carol's passing. God, what an awful niece she had been.

"I want to catalog everything we have," said Megan, attempting to move on from the absurdity of what they were looking at. "Food, drinkable water, medical supplies, toiletries—"

"Why do you think he has all this stuff down here?"

She huffed before turning to the guy who'd interrupted her. "I told you he went crazy."

"That doesn't make sense though," Steve told his girlfriend. "Crazy people rant on Facebook and spend their time on conspiracy websites. They don't create some kind of system to detail world events. Megan, there are probably two hundred pictures and articles on the walls, and they all have a number on them."

"Steve, we have more important things to—"

"You don't have any idea what his password is, do you?" he cut her off again while taking a seat in the computer chair. "Imagine what's on his laptop."

"Why does it matter?"

His focus moved back to the mess of photos above him. Megan was under the impression that she was the conspiracy theorist in their relationship. Now she was the responsible one and her boyfriend wanted to play detective? Whatever. It would probably be easier this way. This gave her time to create an inventory of their belongings without having to worry about being bothered.

The twenty-five-year-old blonde journeyed back upstairs, leaving the man in her life to further explore just how dysfunctional certain members of her family were. Good thing Steve wasn't going to be meeting her cousin Julie anytime soon. Her relatives were still wondering why the cute seventeen-year-old blonde had transformed into a goth girl. Black clothes, black nail polish, a bright blue spiked mohawk, and some rather unflattering facial piercings: it was a waste of such a pretty girl. Julie belonged on the beaches of San Diego, not in a drug-fueled rave in some Southern California club, but don't tell her that. In her world, the one-time blonde's true calling was in the former British punk band, Tones on Tail.

And what if some of her relatives looked at her the same way? As a kooky girl who'd moved out to the east coast to live in some little mountain town. Or at least it was little by California standards. Did it really matter what anyone thought anymore? The only person's opinion she cared about belonged to the guy downstairs, and he was busy hunting for Bigfoot at the moment.

She took a deep breath and observed the collection of bags and boxes filling the kitchen. Okay, time to get to work.
