 Thanks to nchalada, wrc264, & albatrs89 for editing this series.

Resubmitted 12/12/18 with fixed typos/improved grammar.

*****

Chapter 12 -- A Close Encounter.

His thirst was unbearable. The dark bedroom was a desert and he'd been wandering it aimlessly for days. What time was it? Two in the morning, maybe? He still felt drained and satisfied as he carefully slithered away from his sleeping girlfriend. The faintest of snores were escaping from Megan's pouty lips, and he was fairly certain he'd never loved anyone more than the blonde he was gazing at with some help from the moonlight sneaking in from the closed curtains.

She let him mess around with Ariana! He still couldn't get over it. The adorable brunette down the hallway referred to him as Daddy, sucked his balls, choked on his cock, and swallowed every drop of cum he'd unload inside her mouth. And she did it all with a big smile.

He'd expected to go to bed dreading their new living arrangement. Earlier today, it was an impossibility to even fathom receiving a blowjob from Ariana while Megan talked her through it. Shit, he was still having a hard time understanding just how quickly these two had become friends. And not only were the friends, but they acted like best friends.

No internet, zero phone reception, a TV which only broadcast designated zones where relief was being promised, and you would be hard-pressed in finding someone happier than him. Megan was more than enough. Going to bed every night with his dream girl was heaven as far as he was concerned. Ariana coming into the picture was just the cherry on top of the sundae.

Steve wasn't exactly in a hurry for things to return to normal. This new world where he might be the only man alive was pretty fuckin' awesome in his mind. Maybe the only luxury he missed was being able to fill a glass with water from the tap. He knew they couldn't indulge in the limited supply of clean water they possessed, but his throat was screaming for fluids. A few sips would hold him over until the morning. He just needed a taste.

He exited the bedroom and headed down the hallway. It was surprising to find Ariana's door locked when he stopped to check on her. Perhaps she was just being careful. He'd given her the bat to sleep with while he had the gun hidden under the bed he shared with Megan, but locking the door was an extra layer of protection against a potential break in. Actually, it was precaution he should probably follow. It certainly couldn't hurt.

The lights stayed off while he carefully journeyed down the stairs. The decision to keep everything as dark as possible was something they were all in agreement on. Lights could be on at night, but you needed to make sure the curtains were closed on all the surrounding windows. They didn't need anyone snooping around their property, and the best way to prevent that would be to make people think no one was home. While they might encounter an occasional scavenger somewhere down the line, they would gladly take that over a planned home invasion, and they would be asking for trouble if people knew they lived here.

His desperate need for water was growing with each step closer to the kitchen. Why was he so parched? He couldn't recall ever being this thirsty. His most comparable memory to this were those brutally hot August afternoons where his high school football team had to run sprint after sprint at the end of practice. He would drink out of a dirty puddle if it was his only option. He wasn't going to make it another minute without water.

The kitchen was right there, but his feet were stuck in the family room. Something wasn't allowing him to move. Physically, he had the ability to walk, but it was a different story mentally.

"Ariana?"

The room was almost completely black. Only a hint of light was peeking in through the shut curtains. It was just enough of an aid to outline a petite figure standing in front of the television. Ten feet and a sofa separated him from what appeared to be a body. It was far too diminutive to be Megan. Besides, she was sleeping in bed. Ariana was locked in her room as well.

"Hello?" he asked.

What could this possibly be? Megan must've put something there without telling him. A small coat rack? Or perhaps it was a stack of something?

But then his world changed. Fear filled his blood like it never had in his twenty-seven years of life. His panic from earlier in the cornfield didn't resemble his current dread. This wasn't a coat rack or a stack of something for one very simple reason: it moved.

A single, silent footstep in his direction caused his already dry throat to transform into a barren wasteland. He should be running away. Why wasn't he yelling for help? How did his weapons always end up somewhere else when he needed them the most?

Fear comes from big, hulking figures. It's in the knowledge of knowing you're physically outmatched. It's admitting to being helpless. That was his understanding of horror until mere seconds ago. Because he was now peering at someone who couldn't have been taller than four feet, but its presence was causing his heart to pound out of his chest. The hair on his body was standing straight up. He was truly terrified.

This mysterious figure took another step closer and Steve finally breathed. It was a slight gasp of pure survival. His brain took over and decided to keep him alive. He was still frozen though. Every part of him was screaming to react. To lunge at whoever this was and drive them into the floor.

Then something indescribable occurred. Something he didn't understand in the slightest. The room was still black but he could now see—not perfectly, but enough to make out what was across from him.

Its skin was dark gray. The small chest with elongated features and a visible skeletal structure was unlike anything he'd ever observed. There was no muscular definition. There was even a greater lack of external organs.

The head was by far the most captivating part of what he was staring at. It was large—disproportionately large compared to its slender frame. The lack of clothing revealed no noticeable hair. Ears and a nose were missing, but a slight opening for a mouth was present. The eyes were anything but modest. They were enormous. They were dark as night and lifeless as a doll. The absence of an iris or pupil was unsettling.

He knew what it was, but his mind refused to accept the possibility of it being real. This was Hollywood's depiction of a Grey alien. It was what every extraterrestrial abduction movie featured. These were the cruel, heartless, and most brutal of all paranormal beings. They were the bad guys of space. The features they possessed somehow caused them to appear intimidating despite their meek statures. Their blank stares came off as devious. An advanced mind was working behind those big, black eyes.

The sofa slowly began to slide to the left as his body continued to reject his attempts to react. The only piece of furniture dividing them was being telepathically moved. The entrance to the kitchen was blocked by the couch which no longer provided a barrier. Long, lanky arms dangled down to its knees. Those black eyes never left him. It was like he was being studied.

He could hear his inner voice begging him to run. What was keeping him stuck in place? Was it this being? Was he being mentally controlled? He didn't have any answers, but this thing was approaching him now.

Methodical steps carried the frail creature closer. He was two feet taller than whatever this was, but he desired nothing more than to run and hide like a child. His will to fight was absent. His testosterone had disappeared. No part of him was aggressive and dominant. His body had been reduced to an empty vessel of fear.

Its head slightly turned as it visually took him in. Steve's arms and legs were shaking, but his feet remained perfectly still. The wrinkles on this creature's forehead, lack of color in its large eyes, and otherwise small facial features resulted in a scolding look. It appeared angry and vengeful.

A hand with four long, thin fingers meticulously raised into the air. His entire body quivered as his eyes tracked the foreign appendage nearing his chest. So this is the end? In the family room of his girlfriend's uncle's house? Maybe it would be best to just concede to the inevitable. He was powerless to—

Everything suddenly went white.

Was it all over? Was he dead? Maybe heaven was real and he'd somehow ended up there. He was never one for religion, but perhaps the church had been full of shit all this time. What if you didn't need to believe in God to make it to paradise? It made sense for good people to be rewarded with an eternity of inconceivable bliss, and he'd always fancied himself a pretty swell guy. Hey, what about all those times he held the door open for strangers? And remember when he pulled over and changed that older woman's flat tire in the pouring rain a few years ago? Yeah, this was heaven alright, and it was exactly where he belonged.

Except it wasn't heaven. It wasn't hell either. It wasn't the afterlife because Steve wasn't dead. He was alive—very much alive, and the evidence of that was in the same alien creature now staring down at him.

The walls and ceiling were white, the cold table he was lying on was of a similar shade, and something had his arms, legs, and head trapped. His clothes were gone. He was completely naked, and an invisible force field was holding him back. A strapless presence prevented him from escaping. Once again, he wasn't able to move. Only his eyes could explore this unknown terrain.

The emergence of two more identical beings caused him to question everything. Maybe the same creature from the family room was no longer present. They were clones of each other. No distinguishable features separated them, and now all three were gathered around the table.

They seemed to communicate with glances. There were no words, nods, or even hand signals—everything was simple looks. Their expressionless faces had a silence which screamed of high intellect and malevolence. His need for water was gone. All of his cravings for anything other than his freedom had vanished. He just wanted to be back in bed.

He peered up as a small circle in the ceiling mutely opened, unveiling a metallic colored device. His ears were working. The sound of his own struggle was audible, but his surroundings were quiet. The monsters around him continued to stare at his helpless body. What was holding him back? There were no restraints or chains on any part of him. He was stronger than these things. He could physical dominate all three of them at the same time. There was a mental disadvantage he couldn't overcome though. Whether it was purely in his head or the result of some kind of superior technology, he was bound to this cold table against his will until they decided otherwise.

The tip of a long needle extended from the mechanism above. It lengthened again, and again, and again, until he finally realized it wasn't protracting. No, it was lowering.

He was screaming but his lips were sealed. His pleading was only heard inside his head. Attempts to frantically wiggle and squirm on the frigid table resulted in not gaining an inch of ground. The sharp tip was lined up perfectly with his belly button, and it was approaching at a painstakingly slow pace. His eyes darted around the table to be met by a trio of undemonstrative faces. There wouldn't be any sympathy from these entities, and unless he figured something out, his stomach was about to be prodded.

It was coming closer, and closer, and closer, and—

"Ah!!!"

Steve shot up in bed, his heart pounding and his brow covered in sweat. He scrambled for the lamp and turned it on without a thought of the girl who was stirring awake thanks to his loud shriek. The room was soon lit and he pulled up his t-shirt in a frenzy. No scars, strange discolorations, or peculiar markings. Relief shot through his system as he realized it had just been a nightmare.

Megan rubbed her tired eyes. "Steve?"

His breathing was still heavy and hectic. It had all felt so real. The chills from that icy table were still running down his back. The surreal presence those creatures carried was lingering. No part of what he'd just went through seemed fictional. Even his desire for water came off as a tactic to lure him downstairs.

"Sorry," he apologized.

"What's wrong?"

"Bad dream," Steve told her with a comforting smile. "Sorry for waking you up."

"Is it something you want to talk about?"

Was it something he wanted to talk about? Yeah, he didn't think so. Especially after the strong stance he'd taken against conspiracy related theories over the past few days. He'd just dreamed about being abduction by aliens. Fuckin' aliens! Was that the subconscious of a mentally stable man? He was certain about one thing, and that was his decision to hide this from his girlfriend.

He said, "No, it wasn't anything serious," before turning off the light.

Megan snuggled into his body as he wrapped his arm around her. A quick kiss on her soft cheek made everything better. The world regained some sense of normalcy. His horrible dream was just that: a dream. The beautiful woman falling asleep in his grasp reminded him that he could take on anything.

Steve fell back to sleep with a peaceful smile.

Chapter 13 -- Close Encounters of the Cute Kind.

"Hey, sleepyhead."

Steve stumbled into the kitchen on this Wednesday morning. They were officially two days removed from the still inexplicable event which claimed half the planet's population, and he was really warming to this new routine. A cute brunette reading a magazine at the kitchen table, a perfect blonde washing dishes in the sink, and the need to still pinch himself to make sure he wasn't dreaming.

"Hey, Megan," he returned his girlfriend's greeting. "Morning, Ariana."

The perky brunette had a smirk on her flawless face as she glanced up from her reading material. "Morning?"

His eyes moved to the clock on the oven where he did a double take. "2 PM? I slept to 2 PM!?"

The girls were both staring at him.

"Why didn't someone wake me up!?"

"It's not like you're going to be late for work," chuckled Megan. "It's not a big deal."

He felt like a high school kid on a Saturday afternoon. He slept until two in the afternoon? Jesus, what a bum. Sure, he didn't have to worry about making it to his first period class on time, but they still had plenty to do. It was going to be hard to accomplish their tasks with him snoozing in bed all-day.

He stated, "I shouldn't be sleeping for sixteen hours. I've never done anything like that. I don't know what happened."

Megan had come close to waking him a few times this morning. She'd made the promise of a rather eventful way to start the day, but her morning blowjob went for naught as a result of the deep sleep her boyfriend was in. He just looked so relaxed in bed. Plus, who knew how long it took him to fall back asleep after his nightmare? She needed her man well-rested.

She took a moment to retrieve a few pans out of the cabinet. Ariana mentioned grilled cheese sounding good, while she was in the mood for chicken noodle soup. Those two tasty dishes went together like peanut butter and jelly. It would be a late lunch for the three of them, and then they would have a light dinner in a few hours. They still needed to watch what they were eating. Their supply would shrink at an alarming rate if they started indulging themselves.

"Did it take a while to fall back asleep after your bad dream?" asked Megan.

His attention shifted to Ariana who was curiously gazing at him. Great, some man of the house he was. This girl wasn't going to respect him if Megan mentioned stuff like that. He couldn't afford to be having bad dreams. He needed to stop showing weakness.

"No, I was fine," he answered.

Ariana questioned, "You had a bad dream?"

He just wanted to eat and then start knocking off the tasks he had planned today. Teaching his girls how to shoot the gun was his first priority, checking out the stream came next, then paying a visit to this Mrs. Zappo lady who was leasing their land, and finally further exploring the long black hose in the cornfield. Discussing his thoughts and emotions wasn't something he had any plans of doing.

"No."

"You can tell her the truth," Megan quickly jumped in. "It's nothing to be embarrassed about."

"I'm not embarrassed!" he shot back. "I just...don't want to talk about it, okay?"

Ariana's eyes peered at him as he took a seat across from her at the kitchen table. "What was your dream about?"

These two really were the same, weren't they? He just said he didn't want to talk about it! Sometimes it seemed like both of them didn't even hear the words coming out of his mouth.

"I don't remember."

The teen clearly wasn't buying that. "You just said you didn't want to discuss it, but now you don't remember what it was about? Why don't you want to talk about it? You know, dreams are often meaningful. They can represent our true thoughts and deepest desires."

Steve rolled his eyes.

"I'm serious!" Ariana proclaimed. "Just describe your dream. We can help interpret it."

"It was nonsense," he told her. "It was completely ridiculous."

This time it was Megan who spoke up after retrieving two soup cans from the cupboard. "It didn't seem like nonsense to me. Steve, you screamed. And you were pouring sweat."

Ariana tried again, "Please tell me."

How ludicrous was this going to sound? Especially after how dismissive he'd been of anything paranormal. He flat out told Ariana he didn't believe in aliens yesterday, and now he was about to describe a dream where he not only saw an extraterrestrial, but was abducted by one.

"We won't judge you," Megan told him while pouring the soup into a pot on the stove. "We promise. We just want to help you out if we can. Like what Ariana said. Maybe there were some symbols or something in your dream that you missed."

There was a symbol alright. It pointed to him being crazy. Well, here goes nothing...

"I didn't know I was dreaming," he started. "It felt real. I honestly thought I was awake because I was so freakin' thirsty. Like, I've never craved water so badly before. I even stopped off at Ariana's room to check on her, but the door was locked. That's how real everything felt."

Megan was toasting some bread in a pan for the grilled cheeses she was making. Her ears were mostly attentive to the guy reminiscing on his night. Meanwhile, Ariana was anything but distracted. All of her senses were on Steve.

"I headed downstairs and into the family room when I suddenly froze. It was dark—really dark, but I can see the outline of something in front of the TV. I actually thought it was Ariana at first, but then it seemed like a coat rack or something. It was very diminutive. And then before I knew what was going on, it took a step in my direction."

"It took a step in your direction?" asked Megan. "Someone was in the room?"

Ariana appeared far too bewildered to question his memory. Her mouth was hanging open.

"Yeah, you could say that," he laughed, shaking his head at how odd this all must've sounded. "Remember, the room was completely dark, but all of a sudden I can see who's there. Or what."

Megan curiously peered at him. "Or what?"

"Yeah, or what," he said. "It was a fuckin' alien. You love The X-Files. You know the way they depict Greys? Four feet tall, big heads, huge eyes, and really frail: it was the same alien I've seen in countless number of movies. But I'm frozen the entire time! I can't scream, run, or anything. I'm just stuck in place, staring at this extraterrestrial life form in the family room."

Her boyfriend had quite the imagination on him.
