 Thanks to nchalada, wrc264, & albatrs89 for editing this series.

Resubmitted 12/12/18 with fixed typos/improved grammar.

*****

Chapter 2 -- Post-Apocalyptic Necessities: Food, Water, & High Heels.

Monday morning. Early May. Upstate New York. 7:24 AM.

Was she seriously only packing two backpacks full of clothes? God, why did she let Briana borrow her suitcase last month? Of course her friend never got around to returning it. Sure, it might be the apocalypse, but she wasn't going to ride it out in the same four outfits. They didn't live in California. This was upstate New York. This was four seasons of unpredictable weather. This was sixty degrees and sunny one day, and a crippling snowstorm the next. Did she really need her favorite tank top she always wore to the gym? Not necessarily. But she was still taking it.

Okay, she was only packing the essentials for the most part, and, well, one pair of high heels wouldn't be the end of the world. She paid seventy dollars for the sexy pair of black stiletto pumps! What was she supposed to do? Leave them in her closet? Plus, who knows if they might come in handy? Hey, better safe than sorry.

Megan used the biggest Amazon box she had to pack up all the food and water bottles in her kitchen—which wasn't saying a whole lot. There was plenty of room left that she unfortunately wasn't able to fill, so she crammed every other necessity she could think of into the free space. Toothpaste, deodorant, charging cords, her birth control pills: everything she'd had taken for granted over the years, was now deemed vital.

Two backpacks of clothes, one box of food, water, and toiletries, and an embarrassed chuckle at this being her life. Twenty-five years old and everything important she owned was sitting on her kitchen table. This was all she had to show for over ninety-one hundred days of existence? Was the laptop she'd just stuffed into the box really her most prized possession? She felt pretty lame looking down at this pile of worthless junk.

But something swiftly cheered her up. A smile washed across her face as she glanced toward her front door. She'd never felt this way about anyone before. Even her ex-boyfriend hadn't provided her with this sense of energy when they were together. She found herself being taken back to grade school. To the days of having juvenile crushes on cute boys. To the moments of sitting in class with butterflies fluttering around in her stomach. The guy down the hall did something to her which she couldn't explain.

The high heels were for Steve, weren't they? So was all the makeup and beauty products she'd stuffed into the pockets of her backpacks. Her mind kept drifting to him. Everything went back to him. She should be worried about Mom. What if something happened to Dad? What about all her co-workers and their families? Life was never going to be the same after what took place this morning. And what actually happened, by the way? There still weren't any answers as to why almost four billion men disappeared, but every time she thought about that phenomenon, she immediately went back to one thing: Steve.

It was the end of the world and Megan couldn't hide her smile as she headed out into the hallway, carrying her life in her hands. Her soulmate was just a short walk away. The guy who made her feel alive was busy gathering his most important items. It was a bizarre way to start a new life with someone she barely knew, and she was itching to get their drive underway. Hours in the car would give her time to learn all about him. She was going to find out what his favorite movie was, what sports teams he was a fan of, and what exactly was the motivating force behind his new muscular body. She was going to discover everything.

She plopped her belongings down in front of his door and turned the handle. A lifetime of happiness flashed in front of her eyes as she strutted through her neighbor's apartment. Watching their kids running around in the backyard moved across her mind. Entire Saturdays locked in the bedroom swept over her being. A world of bliss presented itself to the perky blonde, and then vanished from her blue eyes.

Steve wasn't here.

Drawers were opened and empty, the food in the kitchen was gone, and all the telltale signs of a guy in a hurry to leave were staring her right in the face.

A yellow sticky note on the kitchen counter caught her attention. She didn't recall seeing that the last time she was in this apartment. She moved closer and peered her eyes at the small, messy handwriting.

Had to go home to Buffalo. Sorry. Good luck!

- Steve

He left her! He ran off to his family like he originally planned on doing! How delusional was she? Thinking she could capture the unwavering loyalty of a guy she didn't even know the last name of. Why would she be important to him? She fucked him twenty minutes after their first actual conversation! He probably saw her as a whore. As some slut who wasn't worthy of his time.

This is what happens when you follow your heart. This was the result of not using her head. She stomped to his apartment entrance and gathered the pathetic bags and boxes of shit she considered important. Megan wasn't wasting any more time as she hurried down the hallway. She packed high heels instead of an extra sweatshirt? What the hell was wrong with her? Fancy shoes weren't going to keep her warm during a chilly night, and—

Bang.

She froze just outside of Mr. Richards' door. That wasn't her imagination. Something had fallen inside her empty neighbor's apartment, and it was time to leave before she found herself in a bad situation. Who knows what crashed and caused that commotion? Or more importantly, who caused it. Maybe the chaos she predicted was starting already. Perhaps this was the first of many scavengers searching for food and supplies. It was time to get out of here and into the country.

Megan took one step forward before the sight of an opening door in her peripheral caused her to halt.

"Where you going, Mulder?"

A pair of blue jeans and a white t-shirt were there to meet her when she spun around. She dropped her belongings and ran to her boyfriend who was standing in the doorway. His strong hands squeezed her butt when she leaped into his arms. That wave of electricity from touching his lips was back. The big, scary, confusing world suddenly felt much more safe. In fact, it didn't feel frightening at all.

She broke of their kiss and stared into his brown eyes. "Are you kidding me with that note?"

"Hey, I have to play pranks on someone now," he laughed before setting her down and giving her another peck on the lips. "Get used to it."

Her eyes moved to the collection of gym bags and backpacks he had lying on the floor. "Is this all your stuff?"

Steve nodded.

"Where's your food?"

He answered, "The food and water bottles are in that red backpack. I was planning on going grocery shopping today because we hardly have any food. There's some oatmeal, eggs, and protein powder in there. That's really it though. You know, I didn't realize how little shit I actually own. Like, I thought I would be hauling boxes out into the hallway, not four bags."

It turns out she wasn't alone.

"All of Mr. Richards' food is in there," he told her while pointing at a cardboard box on the floor. "This fuckin' guy must live off Chocolate Twinkies and Wild Cherry Pepsi. It's all he has."

Twinkies and Cherry Pepsi? Well, Megan was about to puke. It looks like her days of sushi and Salted Caramel Mocha Frappuccinos were probably in the rearview mirror.

"Is that my new nickname, by the way?" she asked. "Mulder?"

He grinned at her, "Well, you're the conspiracy theorist in our relationship and I'm the logical thinker, so I believe that makes you Mulder."

"And does that make you Scully?" she grinned back.

"Do I look like a cute little redhead to you?"

She reached up and playfully pinched his cheek. "Such a cutie pie..."

He lightly slapped her hand away and shot her a smile. "Follow me."

Megan trailed behind him as he led her into Mr. Richards' family room before heading into his bedroom. The musky aroma was becoming more and more overwhelming with every step deeper into this apartment. A certain pile of something made her journey well worth the trouble, however.

"Jackpot!" she smiled.

Ten packs of AA batteries, eight packs of AAA, and four packs of 9-volts were in unopened packages on the bed. It was just another item she'd always taken for granted. Batteries never seemed all that important to her, but who knows how crucial they would become a few weeks from now?

"Old people love batteries," he informed his girlfriend who was wearing a pair of black yoga pants and a purple v-neck. "My grandparents have like a hundred miscellaneous ones in a drawer. Half of them were always dead but they never threw them out. I'm tellin' ya, batteries are like gold coins to anyone older than sixty."

She giggled while tossing the boxes into a plastic bag which was on the bed.

He went on, "One more thing before we get going, and I have a feeling you're going to like this."

She excitedly followed him out of the apartment, and a few steps further down the hallway until they were outside of Mrs. Robinson's door.

Steve turned to her and asked, "You don't have a key for Mrs. Robinson's place too, do you?"

She shook her head and did her best to hide her smile. Thinking back to him attempting to kick down Mr. Richards' door was causing her to laugh. Who did he think he was? Some kind of Hollywood action star? It wasn't like that would impress her or anything. She wasn't in middle school.

"Okay, stand back. I'm gonna kick this shit down."

"You're going to hurt yourself again," she commented, mildly assumed by his overconfidence. "Steve, it's a locked door. Not a movie prop."

He focused in on the spot just to the side of the handle. This time, he was going to hit it perfectly. The heel of his shoe would hammer into his intended target, the door would fly open, and this girl was going to see that he was a master key. Can't get into a room? Go call Steve. He'll bust that shit open.

Or he would end up flat on his face in the hallway again.

Hey, you were doing so good for a while! No more negativity. Let's go. Kick this fucking door open!

He launched the heel of his foot just to the left of the handle, and sent this previously locked barrier flying open. The fired-up World History teacher wasted no time in turning to the blonde who had her jaw on the floor.

"That was fuckin' awesome!"

He could only laugh at those words coming out of her adorable mouth. He reached his hand out, allowing his girl the opportunity to enter their neighbor's place first.

"Mrs. Robinson left food here," Megan swiftly noted. "Holy shit, it's actually good stuff too!"

Steve was busy heading for her bedroom. "Pack it up then!" he shouted back. Moments later, he re-emerged with something that caused Megan's eyes to light up.

"Mrs. Robinson offered it to me a few months ago because apparently her husband bought it and they didn't need it. I checked Mr. Richards' place for one, and as you would've expected, no dice. Something tells me you probably want this."

She ran over to him and eagerly accepted a big black suitcase from his hands. It even had wheels!

"Go grab the rest of the clothes you want and I'll pack up the food," he told her.

Megan gave him a big kiss on the cheek before hurrying back to her apartment to stuff as many clothes as possible into this polyester piece of heaven. Her environmentally friendly car received superior gas mileage to Steve's, but it was small, and there wasn't room to be stuffing piles of clothes into the trunk. They also didn't have time to be making trip after trip out to her vehicle. What if someone saw them? What if the police showed up and identified Steve? They were taking too long as-is. Plus, they had more important needs like food and water, but this suitcase would sit perfectly on the seat, and it looked like she could fit a million different outfits into it!

They hauled their bags and boxes downstairs and into the parking lot where they filled Megan's tiny trunk.

"You sure you don't want to take my car?"

She shook her head while squeezing one last bag into the corner. "Gas mileage is more important than space. Who knows if we can get fuel or not?"

He jogged back up the steps to retrieve her suitcase. After he returned, a sharp whistle caused him to stop while his hand was attempting to open the door to place it in the back seat.

"Put that up front."

Steve wasn't following. "Up front? Wait, you want me to sit in the back seat?"

She pulled a blanket out of one of her bags. "Nope, I want you to lie down in the back seat."

"Megan..."

"Don't argue with me!" she demanded. "What's it going to look like if a guy is sitting in the front seat while we're driving? Newsflash, Steve: you aren't supposed to be here! So the fewer people who know you exist, the better."

She was right, wasn't she? It didn't help the fact that he felt ridiculous covering himself with a blanket as he lied down in the back seat. Somehow, someway, he'd managed to stay mostly unseen so far, and Megan was determined to keep it like that.

She started the engine and allowed a speeding car to fly by before pulling out into the street.

There was an eerie silence on this Monday morning. Where were the fire trucks they'd heard earlier? What about police cars? Sure, they lived in a small mountain town, but it wasn't bumfuck nowhere. They had restaurants, plenty of shopping, and no shortage of tourist attractions. The occasional abandoned car with smashed front ends were the only things that really looked out of place.

This still somewhat inconceivable event occurred at one in the morning on the east coast, so it wasn't like people were out and about when it happened. Her mind drifted to the west coast. To where Mom and Dad were. If this insanity played out the way she was thinking it did, then men vanished in a split second. A guy behind the wheel would've suddenly disappeared. That wasn't necessarily a problem in a small town with most of the population asleep, but what about a large city? 10 PM on a Sunday night in Los Angeles? Jesus, the freeways would've been full of runaway vehicles. And that was just the start of it. Planes in the sky which swiftly lost their captains, conductors vanishing from trains, and fathers disappearing while holding their newborn daughters: it must've been mayhem. How many women had been injured or killed during the madness? But the real question was why everything appeared fairly normal.

Well, scratch that.

It looked like every vehicle in town was crammed into the Walmart parking lot. Piercing car horns ripped through the previously quiet spring air. The sounds of what could only be described as womanly bickering could be heard from the street as they stopped at the intersection. She wasn't sure how, but this traffic light was keeping things under control for the most part. But then everything changed. Suddenly, the scene turned into what Megan had predicted.

A black SUV bolted through the intersection and was t-boned by a green Elantra which unfortunately absorbed the majority of the impact. Her attention turned to a bloodcurdling scream ringing out from the shopping center parking lot. A lady ran to a little girl's defense while a group of middle-aged women cornered her against a car, attempting to rip the bags from the child's petite hands. It didn't take long for the confrontation to turn into a melee, with the pack of women quickly gaining the upper hand.

Megan was probably thirty yards from the chaos, watching what she guessed was a mother and daughter being stomped into the pavement for whatever was in those plastic shopping bags. This was humanity at its rawest form. This was civilization when things broke down. This was the exact thing she wanted to avoid.

"Holy shit."

Her head snapped around to an even more horrific sight. There was her boyfriend, looking out the window to watch the action for himself.

"Get down!" she loudly ordered while pushing a now sitting Steve back to his original position. "Are you crazy!? Someone's going to see you!"

"Megan—"

Her glare caused him to cut himself off. Why was he still having such a hard time processing what was going on? Why couldn't her boyfriend see what happened when billions of angry and confused women were thrown into a world of anarchy? It was like he didn't understand how essential he was. He couldn't be this oblivious to the way of the world.

Feminism was the most important movement in her lifetime. The idea of growing up in an era where she was expected to be a housewife was something she was very happy to have missed. Did she want a family someday? Absolutely. But she was planning on keeping her career. She enjoyed waking up and going to work every morning. It gave her life meaning. Would she be up for scaling back to part-time if she had a kid? For sure. But she wasn't going to be some stay-at-home mom whose only job involved getting her child to school on time.

There was a natural order in society according to Megan. She would never be with a man who didn't respect or value her opinions. She wasn't some sex toy to be used and then disposed of. She wanted a partner. She needed a companion who viewed her as an equal. She wasn't some princess, but she refused to be some heard but not seen homemaker.

But in her world, as much as men need women, women needed men even more.

That parking lot captured her fears perfectly. Every single one of those women were scared. They were lost. No amount of feminism made up for the lack of masculinity each of those girls were currently feeling. There was a chance the only man on the planet was laying on her back seat, and the last thing she was going to do was risk losing him.

Knowing that a man had her back was empowering. Part of her felt like she could stroll through that parking lot right now and take whatever she wanted. Why? Because she had a six foot one, muscular, good-looking guy at her side. Who was going to step up to her? As long as one man was still alive, there was still an order in whatever remained of society, and it went men, women, and then children.

She carefully maneuvered through the intersection and continued along their journey.

Chapter 3 -- Trouble.

There was a divine placidness with every mile further traveled north. The humming from the engine was the only station not broadcasting emergency announcements. The silence between the two lovers was soothing. The major shopping centers and fast food restaurants were behind them. Open land, crystal blue lakes and rivers, and scenic mountains in the distance were all they could see on the backroads they were sticking to. An occasional car would make an appearance—always headed south. She never envisioned the end of the world being so peaceful.

"You might be right."

Megan glanced behind her at the guy lying flat on his back. His knees were slightly bent to fit his tall frame along her small back seat. "What?"

"I think I might've underestimated all this."

Well, look who was finally getting with the program.

"Hear me out," he started. "Part of me thought all of this wouldn't be a big deal even after I accepted what had happened. I mean, yeah, it's crazy, but there isn't an asteroid the size of Texas hurling toward Earth or anything. But then I saw how those women acted at Walmart. Megan, we're fucked."

She certainly couldn't call him a liar.

Steve went on, "Think about it for a minute. The military, cops, and firefighters are all jobs universally dominated by men. I haven't heard one fire truck since we were back at our apartment. Have you seen any police cars either?"
