 Thanks to nchalada, wrc264, & albatrs89 for editing this series.

Resubmitted 12/12/18 with fixed typos/improved grammar.

*****

Chapter 8 -- A Jealous Girlfriend.

Could life possibly get better than this? Fruity Pebbles, Cap'n Crunch, and Lucky Charms: this kitchen pantry cabinet was the most valuable wooden structure on Earth. The boxes of pasta, bags of rice, and jars of peanut butter were making his cock twitch again. He wouldn't have looked twice at this collection of food a week ago, but now, he couldn't have been more pleased with his decision to check out this house. This one pantry easily tripled their food inventory, and he'd yet to take a peek inside the refrigerator.

Well, question answered. This is what heaven looked like. The refrigerator was loaded! Eggs, yogurt, fruits and vegetables, bread, milk, orange juice—God, it was beautiful. Forget about tripling their stock of food. This easily multiplied their supply by seven or eight times, and it was healthy stuff, unlike the bags and boxes of junk food they had back at home.

Steve took a minute to seriously consider moving into Ariana's house. It was newer, better supplied, but it lacked a certain aura Uncle Dave's place possessed. The basement was also something he didn't want to leave behind. While he wasn't going to obsess over it any longer, he wasn't about to pretend it didn't exist either.

Their current house was also special to his girlfriend. It was a place she used to visit every summer. It was the home of her beloved late aunt. Yes, it would be a pain in the ass to lug everything back to their current residence, but it was an inconvenience he was more than happy to deal with.

He found the basement door and headed downstairs to look for boxes or containers to transport their new food with, but his heart swiftly stopped beating when he looked around the room. A black four-shelf shelving unit was positioned against the wall, and it was full of food. Everything from cans of soups to bags of chips lined the available space. Did this house double as a grocery store? This was the ultimate jackpot.

The workbench was full of tools, forgotten supplies like garbage bags and tampons were in boxes on the floor, and a four-pack of toothpaste was looking extra beautiful. The discoveries he'd made over the past ten minutes had easily bought them another six months. Yes, there was now another mouth to feed, but they had plenty of wiggle room. The proof of that was in the box of Nutty Bars he would undoubtedly be digging into later tonight.

He loaded up a box with as many goodies as he could fit, and climbed back upstairs for the first of many trips. It might be a risky, but he was liking the idea of using Ariana's father's truck to haul their supplies back and forth. It would take forever to walk all this stuff across the cornfield. While their activity might be noticed by a passing vehicle or even an unsuspected set of eyes they weren't aware of, this strategy made the most sense to him. He wanted to put that pickup truck in their barn anyway.

"Ariana!"

The footsteps from above moved to the stairs. The next thing he knew, the world's cutest brunette was hustling down the steps to see what he needed.

"Yeah, Steve?"

"I want you to lock the door behind me. I know I busted one of the windows, but I still don't want it to be unlocked."

She asked, "You want my Dad's keys?"

"Actually, I want to talk to Megan first real quick. Start piling up all the stuff you need to take down here, okay? We'll load it up when I get back."

She nodded and locked the door behind him as he stepped over the broken glass, and hustled across the exposed driveway before slipping into the cornfield. The realization that he needed to check with Megan had just hit him a minute ago. The last thing he wanted was to load the truck up, pull into their driveway, and have an irate girlfriend waiting for him. He'd just invited an absurdly cute eighteen-year-old girl to stay with them. Why had he assumed Megan would be cool with that? If their situation was reversed, he sure as shit wouldn't have been okay with her asking some handsome male neighbor to come stay for as long he wanted. In fact, there was no way he would've allowed that to happen.

So, he was coming with a box of bribery. The package in his possession didn't contain nutritious food or bottled water. It was full of slightly less important items. Well, less important to him. A certain blonde would refer to this stuff as vital.

First, the boxes of tampons would be extremely well received. He wasn't sure what the plan was when they ran out of feminine hygiene products. Second, he'd discovered on their drive up here that Megan's favorite thing in the world was chocolate chip cookies, and three boxes of his girlfriend's most treasured treat would definitely soften her up. Lastly, he'd stuffed the box full of other snacks, added the toothpaste, and finished it off with several rolls of toilet paper. If this didn't do the trick, then nothing would.

He needed to relax. Megan would be fine with everything, and—

Steve suddenly stopped in his tracks.

"Ribbet-ribbet, ribbet-ribbet, sssssssssss. Ribbet-ribbet, ribbet-ribbet, sssssssssss."

He'd never heard the noise currently being sent into his ear canals. The sound of a frog croaking would be the best way to describe the clamoring. Every few seconds, a sucking, almost hissing noise would be added to the unrest—creating a bizarre distortion. He wasn't close enough to the stream to be hearing frogs. And what would they be doing in a cornfield anyway? But then it hit him: maybe frogs weren't the culprit of this ruckus.

He was halfway home, in the middle of a cornfield, with a box of supplies in his hands. That also meant he'd made perhaps the biggest mistake of his life. Six shells were in his left pocket, but the shotgun they were meant for was back in Ariana's basement. He'd forgotten his fuckin' gun! After just lecturing his girlfriend about how they needed to be armed at all times! Was he a dumbass or a hypocrite? How about a dumbocrite?

What if that noise was coming from a rabid animal? What if it was courtesy of a dangerous person hiding in the stalks of corn? He was even more vulnerable than yesterday in the gas station parking lot. At least he knew what he was getting into then.

"Ribbet-ribbet, ribbet-ribbet, sssssssssss. Click-click-click. Ribbet-ribbet, ribbet-ribbet, sssssssssss."

A sound which resembled a tongue loudly popping against the top of someone's mouth had joined in on the chaos. There was something out here. He couldn't see anything, but he could feel it. An ominous mood swept across the farmland. He was alone, exposed, and about to pay for his horrible mistake. He only had one option and it worked pretty well for him yesterday. It was time to bullshit his way out of this situation.

"I have a gun!" he shouted.

"Ribbet-ribbet, ribbet-ribbet, sssssssssss. Ribbet-ribbet, ribbet-ribbet, sssssssssss. Click-click-click."

Steve spun. The noise had switched directions. Instead of coming from the stream, it was now sounding from the road, but there hadn't been any movement. The slightest rippling of a single cornstalk would've captured his attention. He was locked in on his environment, but the migration of whatever was out here had somehow eluded him.

Was he going to throw a box of tampons at whatever this was? He was screwed if something decided to attack him. Steve wasn't running away, but he wasn't necessarily taking his time getting across the field either.

"Sssssssssss. Click-click-click. Ssssssssss."

It was following him now. His brisk walk turned to a controlled jog as he hopped over the unknown hose and hustled toward the house. The black of Megan's binoculars had become faintly visible in the mudroom window. He was only a mere twenty seconds from safety.

Why weren't any of the crops stirring behind him? Something was trailing him, but none of the stalks were moving when he glanced to his rear.

"Click-click-click."

Selfishly, his own safety was a concern, but it was insignificant compared to the girl he had waiting at home. Megan needed him. They needed each other. Keeping his girlfriend protected was his number one priority, and he wouldn't be able to do that unless he got out of this field.

"Sssssssssss, sssssssssss. Click-click-click."

The unidentified collage of noises were nipping at his heels. The last fifteen feet of dread was cleared in a sprint. He wasn't messing around any longer. The final corn stalk left his peripheral vision as he scurried across the driveway and to the entrance of the house, where Megan was staring out the window with a pair of binoculars around her neck, and a look of concern on her face. She quickly moved to the door to unlock it.

Steve yelled, "Don't!"

He turned back to observe his surroundings. The last thing he was about to do was lead something into their home. Everything was quiet. The slight breeze had died down, and the landscape mirrored that of a painting. What if this was all in his head? Maybe he was caving to the pressure of his new role as a leader. Or maybe, just maybe, there really was something out there.

"What's wrong?" asked Megan from behind the closed door. "Steve?"

Everything remained still. If there was a threat out in the fields, then it was either gone or hiding. It was a worrisome feeling to know something could be lurking on their property, but at the end of the day, he hadn't seen anything. It could just be his imagination for all he knew.

"Steve!"

He spun around to see a frantic Megan through the window on the other side of the oak front door. Those blue eyes were terrified. His fear had transferred into her perfect blonde head. Once again, he'd failed as a man. He'd allowed his emotions to get the best of him. He had to be a rock. A tree which refused to waver no matter how strong the gusts were. He needed to be strong.

He smiled and calmly nodded his head. The door immediately opened and Megan pulled him inside, locking it behind him. Seconds later she'd removed the box from his hands, set it down on the floor, and wrapped her arms around his body. She had no idea what her man was running from. Seeing any hint of panic on his face was horrifying. Her gut instinct was correct. That house was trouble!

Megan reluctantly pulled back and asked, "What's wrong?"

"Nothing," he answered.

Nothing? How could he possibly tell her nothing was wrong? He ran back to the house!

"Don't lie to me."

"I'm not lying," Steve told her. "Everything's fine."

Her eyes quickly peeked at the cardboard box on the floor before moving back to the guy in front of her. She didn't appreciate being lied to—whether he was doing it to protect her or not. She also didn't enjoy being treated like a little kid. She's twenty-five years old! She could handle the truth!

"What were you running from?"

Great, now his girlfriend thought he was a scaredy-cat. "There was an animal or something that surprised me. Listen, there's nothing to be afraid of, but I don't want you going outside by yourself anymore."

Her puzzled expression said it all.

"And make sure you take the gun with you if you absolutely need to go out by yourself."

Ah, that's what was missing. She inquired, "Where's the gun?"

"I left it next door by mistake."

Her baffled look was only growing. "How are you going to get it back?"

"I'm gonna walk over there and get it. I'll take the bat with me."

"Are you insane?" asked Megan. "I could see the look on your face, Steve. You weren't running from a mouse or something. What did you see out there?"

That was his problem with all of this. It's tough to justify your fear when you don't know what you're scared of. Was he supposed to tell her that some strange sounds freaked him out? Because that's what happened. 'Hey, Megan, no worries, but there might be some kind of mutant frog-snake thing in the cornfields. And, yeah, I was running from it like a little bitch. Aren't you proud of your boyfriend?' He'd prefer not to admit to anything of the sort.

"I heard some weird noises. It's nothing to worry about. I just don't want you going outside by yourself—gun or not, unless you absolutely have to. Okay?"

None of this was making sense to her. He heard a weird noise? That's what caused him to dash the final stretch to safety? Yesterday, she watched her boyfriend take on three women while they possessed a shotgun and a metal bat. Her man wasn't a wimp. He wasn't being truthful with her.

"Take the car instead of walking back over there."

He swiftly shook his head, "No way. We're not using your car unless we have to. It's a waste of gas."

"I'm coming with you then."

As expected, he wasn't on board with that either. "Not happening. I do have a surprise for you though."

Megan curiously looked at him. He responded by pointing down at the floor. Her eyes followed his hand, right to the cardboard box which she'd forgotten about. Her boyfriend's safety was far more important than some mysterious package.

She knelt to open the box, and when she did, well, she was just about the happiest girl in the world. The three boxes of tampons were a godsend. And, oh my God, chocolate chip cookies! Toothpaste, toilet paper, and two big bags of potato chips: the rewards were endless! Steve's treacherous journey was well worth it in the end. These tampons alone justified the ordeal. She wasn't about to let him put himself in jeopardy again, however.

She announced, "This is amazing, but I'm going over there with you. I'll watch your back."

"You're staying right here, but you won't believe how much more shit is next door. Megan, it's like a fuckin' grocery store over there."

Her eyes lit up.

"We easily picked up ten or fifteen times the amount of food we currently have—especially if the power stays on. The refrigerator over there is loaded."

"What with!?" she excitedly asked.

"Fruit, yogurt, orange juice—"

Megan couldn't control her excitement. This was the greatest news ever. She picked up the bat and readied herself. "I'm coming."

"I need you to stay here and keep an eye on the field while I'm crossing it, okay? Same shit as before. If you see something, unlock the door and scream as loud as you can. Don't you dare come running out though. You need to immediately get your butt back inside."

"You saw something!" she passionately declared. "Stop hiding it from me! I'm not a child!"

She was right, wasn't she? His girlfriend deserved to know what was going on. They were a team at the end of the day. She was entitled to a description of exactly what he'd heard.

He took a deep breath. Well, here goes nothing. "I already told you I didn't see anything, but I heard something. It was this weird hissing and croaking type of sound. And then these bizarre pops would randomly join in."

"Like, an animal?"

"I have no idea," admitted Steve. "It was following me though. And I could feel it too. It's-it's...I don't know. I don't want you to be worried, alright? It was probably a dog or something."

"You're driving back over there."

"No, I'm not," he argued. "I'll be fine. Listen, I do have one other thing I need to talk to you about."

She was still having trouble moving on from what she'd just heard. What in the world croaks and hisses at you? And makes popping sounds? That certainly wasn't any type of dog she was familiar with. And now he was planning on strolling right back across that exact cornfield? Wait, what was this other thing she needed to know?

"There's someone next door."

Her eyebrows perked up after hearing that. This was the exact thing she was dreading. Had there been any violence? Was her boyfriend hurt but effectively hiding it from her? She didn't know what was coming, but it wasn't going to be good.

"She's all alone," he filled her in. "And she's very nice, so I invited her to come stay with us."

Megan's eyebrows couldn't be higher.

He went on, "It only seemed right. I mean, she has so much stuff we need. Yeah, I could've just taken it, but we're still human beings."

"Who is she?"

"Her name is Ariana," Steve answered. "Like I said, she's very nice. You two will get along great."

Megan's face was clearly saying she didn't agree with that statement. "How old is she?"

"Eighteen."

Her look swiftly turned to a glare. "Is she cute?"

"Huh?"

"You heard me," she continued to stare at him, her eyes full of jealousy and mistrust.

Shit, he might've underestimated how badly this could go over. Megan was silently fuming. His attempt to stall for time had resulted in her answering her question for herself. There was one major problem: no matter how cute Megan thought their new roommate might be, she was going to be blown away when she actually saw how adorable Ariana was.

"Umm...I mean...she's uh...she's not ugly."

Her left eye started twitching. This was really happening? "Let me make sure I have this right. You met some eighteen-year-old cutie next door, and invited her to come live with us. Correct?"

Steve looked off to the side.

"On what planet did you think I would be okay with this?"

"Megan, we—"

"This is so disrespectful!" she shouted. "Are you fuckin' kidding me!?"

"Just hear me out."

She wasn't in the mood for her boyfriend's bullshit. "Let's trade places for a minute. Suddenly, I'm the only girl left in the world. I wander off next door and bump into some hot college guy. And you know what I do? I invite him to come live with us. What would your reaction be if I did that? Huh? Would you stand there and be okay with me acting like it's no big deal?"

"Umm..."

"Would you!?" screamed Megan.

"Probably not..."

"Probably not?" she laughed in a bewildered tone. "You sure as shit wouldn't be okay with it! I'm your girlfriend!"

"I know."

Yesterday had shown that his girlfriend possessed a fiery side. She had a pit bull mentality. She was a little hardheaded at times, and now he was seeing just how jealous she could get. He didn't necessarily blame her. While he didn't invite Ariana over solely because of her looks, he wouldn't have been so quick to offer a room to an eighty-year-old grandmother. Part of him thought Megan wouldn't mind what he'd done. Sure, maybe it was a naive part, but what girl doesn't want a friend? What if these two hit it off? It would be great!

"I don't even know what to say. I'm so not okay with this."

"I already offered her a room," he announced. "She's packing up her stuff now. What do you want me to do, Megan? Tell her there's been a change in plans but we're still taking all her food? We need that stuff!"

A quick peek into the box below confirmed his last statement. Not only did Steve tell her about all the food next door, but this stuff was so much better than what they currently had. These were Chips Ahoy cookies! They could probably pass for gold bars in this new society! And Lay's potato chips too! An entire house full of this stuff was too much to pass up, even if it came with a new roommate. Her boyfriend was right: they were still human beings. They couldn't just steal this poor girl's stuff. She was eighteen and all alone. That was no position for someone her age to be in.

"You need to hear something," she stated, not allowing him time to jump in. "I tend to get jealous. I'm also overprotective at times. I had a relationship when I was younger that really hurt my ability to trust men, and I tend to assume the worst."

"Megan—"

She plowed right over him, "Let me finish. I dated a guy for three years when I was in college. We were a couple from the time I was eighteen, right up until I turned twenty-one. I honestly thought he would be the guy I'd end up marrying, but he always changed the subject whenever I brought up anything to do with getting engaged, or married, or stuff like that. I assumed it was just because he was young, like I was, you know? That we would have plenty of time for that stuff later in life. He also told me he never wanted to have kids, but I figured he would change his mind down the road. He ended up missing my twenty-first birthday party because he received some surprising news."
