 It was a beautiful night as Milana ran through the woods near her family home. She had just returned home from spending a few years being schooled by her great-uncle Vlad in Europe. She hadn't even seen her parents yet as nobody had been home so she decided to enjoy the night air and run through the forest.

She could sense the animals around her, smell their blood, hear their breath but never feared them. Being a vampire they sensed she was an alpha predator and never tried to attack so she was free to do as she pleased most nights but tonight she found something different in the dark forest.

The smell of burning wood, the sound of it crackling in the distance caught her attention. There was someone camping nearby and she was curious. She had no problem being around humans as she had learned to control her hunger for blood years ago but she suddenly caught the scent of the person by the fire.

"Oh my," she said to herself as she had never smelled anyone this good before. She licked her lips almost getting aroused by the idea of feeding off of this person but she quickly snapped herself out of it. "No, you know better." She said deciding it was time to turn around and head back home before she did something she'd regret. "On second thought, Father always tells me to push my limits," she said pondering for a moment before smiling and turning towards the camper in the woods.

-----

Arthur sat by the fire enjoying the night. He liked the peacefulness of nature which was something lost on most of his friends. With technology so advanced nowadays he found himself retreating to the woods just for some peace and quiet. He grew up in the city and still lived there but he couldn't help the call to the quietness of the forest.

He continued to poke the fire with a stick before he opened up his dinner. As old fashion as he was, he knew it was illegal to hunt or even fish so he brought his own food with him on his little camping trips. As he began to eat he suddenly heard a noise behind him before he glanced out into the darkness. He didn't see anything or hear anything else so he turned back to his dinner.

"Is this seat taken?" Milana asked as Arthur suddenly jumped a mile not expecting someone to be there.

"Holy shit!" He yelled out as he suddenly saw a rather attractive dark haired woman in front of him. "You scared the hell out of me."

"My apologies, that was not my intention." She said with a grin knowing she had meant to a little.

"Woah, okay," he said catching his breath before he said: "I'm Arthur by the way," putting his hand out to greet her.

"Milana, or just Milly for short," she said gently shaking it before he invited her to sit down.

"Well Milly, what are you doing out here in the woods?"

"I could ask you the same thing Arthur, but to answer your question, I live a few miles away, I grew up near these woods, I know them like the back of my hand."

"Oh, this isn't your property, is it? I go off trail a little sometimes so..."

"No, you're fine, but I saw the fire and... Well, let's just say I felt like meeting new people and was hoping maybe you'd like some company."

"Oh, yeah okay," he said nervously stumbling over his words. "Would you like some of my dinner?"

"No, I already ate," she lied still finding it hard to resist the scent of his blood but did her best. "So, you come out here often?"

"Every now and then, I hate the city lifestyle so I find it relaxing out here, what about you?"

"I told you, I live nearby."

"No I mean, you like it out here, compared to the city?"

"It is peaceful, calm, relaxing in a way, Don't get me wrong, I love Boston, but I hate noise, I hate the sound of thousands of people around me all the time, it gets to be a bit much sometimes."

"It really does, well here's to peace and quiet." He said before taking a bite of his supper.

Milly watched him eat for a moment examining him a little more. He was not a bad looking guy even if his blood type wasn't her favorite she would still be attracted to him. She was becoming more curious as she had been around nothing but vampires for the last few years and was finding her curiosity getting the better of her.

Despite her coming out of the darkness and frightening him he still was very kind and welcoming to her. This was something she was not used to. Vampires were not easily frightened and most of the ones she knew mainly wanted to have sex with her or marry her to be a part of her royal bloodline but this guy had no idea who or what she was and she found herself enjoying his company.

"I miss real food," she said breaking the silence.

"Excuse me?"

"Oh, I mean um," she said nervously. "Everything is so synthetic now, don't you miss real meat? You look like you'd be a good hunter" She said thinking about the synthetic blood she drinks at home missing the real thing sometimes.

"Honestly, I do, but when the food isn't as good, it's easier not to crave it, helps keep the weight off."

"I see, keeping yourself fit to attract the ladies?" She said jokingly.

"Well it's working, considering women are apparently coming out of the woods at me," he said with a chuckle.

Milly raised an eyebrow almost giving him a look that said "I'm not that easy," but enjoyed his wit. "You seem very trusting,"

"Well, my Mother raised me to look for the kindness in people, but you're right, you could be a serial killer for all I know," he said as he turned to place his trash in a bag only to turn back and see her sitting right next to him all of a sudden. "Woah... How did you?"

She leaned forward as her mouth watered at his scent. She wanted to taste him so badly but she knew better. She bit her lip as Arthur wasn't sure what was going in. He almost wanted to kiss her but wasn't sure why as he had just met her. Despite that, they both stopped a minute and stared into each other's eyes.

"I'm sorry, I am being weird." She said sliding away a little.

"Oh, no it's um... It's fine, I get weird around..."

"Around what?" She asked curiously.

"Please don't take this the wrong way, but I get nervous around attractive women."

"Why would I take that the wrong way?"

"I dunno, like I said I'm a bit weird and awkward."

"Aren't we all, well enjoy your night," she said getting up.

"Wait, can I, I mean will I see you again?"

"I found you once didn't I?" She said but in the blink of an eye, she had disappeared into the darkness of the forest as Arthur looked all around confused by what had just happened.

"What the hell?"

He sat there a little while longer before he decided to head home. The whole situation had freaked him out a little and he didn't feel comfortable in the forest anymore. He put out the fire and packed everything up before heading back to his truck.

-------

Emily had just gotten home as she sat in the study reading a book when a familiar scent came across her nose. She placed the book down and stood up as she heard the front door open and saw Milly standing there.

"Hi Mom," she said as Emily ran over and wrapped her arms around her daughter holding her tightly. 

"Why didn't you tell me you were coming?" Emily asked still holding her tightly.

"I wanted to surprise you and Dad, where is he?"

"Oh, he's in LA, there was an issue at one of the clubs that he had to take care of."

"Oh," Milly said sounding disappointed.

"I'm sure he'll be home in a few days, I missed you so much, how was your stay with Uncle Vlad and Aunt Tiffany?"

"It was fine, I learned a lot from them," she said.

"But?" Emily asked sensing something off in her voice.

"The other's, the Vampire students, they all just..."

"Just what?"

"They were more interested in sleeping with me than anything else."

"Vampires are very sexual creatures."

"Yeah but, I couldn't even talk to anyone without someone suggesting swapping blood, among other fluids."

"You have no idea how good it is to hear that my daughter didn't want to sleep around."

"I'm serious Mom, I mean, I know how passionate you and Dad are but even he can control himself, these guys were practically humping my leg, or begging me to marry them and join families, it was so annoying!"

"Well, your father was human when we met, and was raised by a good woman."

"So he wasn't humping your leg?" Milly said chuckling a little.

"Actually, the first time was my choice, not his," she said not trying to admit that she fed off him and fucked him the night they met.

"Really?"

"I needed blood, he was such a gentleman and actually offered me his and I... Well, I rewarded his chivalry."

"Don't need the details."

"All I am saying is you are young, I was over a hundred years old when I met your father, you are only 24, you have time."

"How old was he?"

"Close to your age," she said running her fingers through her hair.

"I see," Milly said as she began to think about Arthur whom she almost had felt bad for scaring.

"What is that smell?" Emily asked.

"What... what smell?"

"I smell human on you."

"Oh, that... It's nothing."

"Milly?"

"Okay, when I got home you guys weren't here so I went for a walk in the woods and came across this guy camping."

"And?"

"And nothing, we chatted for a bit, and then I came home," she said as her mother stared at her for a moment. "I swear, he is fine, he just smelled good and I was curious, I didn't bite him or anything."

"Just checking, remember what happened when you were a teenager?" Emily said.

"Can we... Not talk about that?" Milly said feeling a pit in her stomach.

"I'm sorry, I just worry about you is all," she said before hugging her daughter again. "I missed you.'

"I missed you too Mom."

-----------

Over the next few days, Arthur found himself distracted. For some odd reason, he couldn't stop thinking about Milly even though he wasn't even sure what happened that night. She was like a ghost appearing out of nowhere and disappearing just the same leaving him shaken. 

He also couldn't help but remember just how beautiful she was. Her long flowing dark hair and red lips. He was positive a woman that beautiful did not exist but she was there right in front of him. Despite his best efforts, he could not find any information about her or her family. It did not help he never heard her last name but she was like a myth never to be found, or at least that is what he thought.

One night after work he was walking home and decided to step into a bar near his apartment. He usually didn't drink but he had to get his mind off of her so he decided to go and have a few beers.

As he approached the counter and sat down on a stool thanking God they had not outlawed alcohol yet, he looked over the holographic menu floating in front of him. He touched the drink he wanted before the image disappeared followed by the door behind the bar opened and he was handed his drink by a machine that resembled a woman.

He laughed to himself as they liked to put tanktops with drink logos on these bots to ressemble bartenders from years ago. They had hollographic faces made by real people but still just pre-recorded responses based on what you asked. Much like the people there who all stared into their phones that now wrapped around their heads putting a holographic display in front of their eyes. It was like people had become slaves to technology.

Outside just down the street Milly was out walking trying to clear her head. She had wanted to talk to her dad but also wanted to surprise him when he got back from LA so she had been feeling a little lonely lately. Her mother was a great listener and she loved talking to her but her relationship with her father had always meant more to her.

She stopped as suddenly a familiar scent came across the air. She looked around a little and began to follow it before look8ng through the window of a nearby bar and seeing Arthur sitting there. She smiled thinking it was funny that she found him again but also thought maybe she should just let it be. She started to think about what Emily had said the other day about when Milly was a teenager. The memory of that horrible night made her stomach turn as she backed away from the window.

As she turned to walk away a group of guys walked by. The taller one glanced down and was checking her out which she hadn't noticed at first and once she did she really didn't care. It wasn't until he made a remark that just made her cringe as she thought about all those vampires she had been in school with.

"Hey Baby, love the equipment, wanna see mine?" He said as one of his friends hooted.

Stopping for a moment she turned and looked him in the eye but her eye's had turned white as if she was ready to attack. "What the fuck!" He said as she began to move towards him before he fell to the sidewalk freaked out.

"Dude, you alright?" He other friend asked not sure what he was freaked out by as the girl was gone and there weren't many people around.

"Nothing, let's just get the hell out of here," he said getting back up before they all moved on.

Arthur had heard the commotion outside and had looked out to see what was going on. "Gotta love the teenagers," A voice said next to him as he turned back causing him to jump spilling his beer on his coat.

"What the... Wait, it's... It's you?"

"Surprised to see me?"

"Well yeah, I mean considering I wasn't even sure you were real."

"Not sure how to take that?"

"I just mean... Hi," he said suddenly happy to see her. "The other night you were gone so fast and... Wait, how did you find me?"

"I found you before didn't I?" She said raising an eyebrow.

"Oh, so you're stalking me?"

"Ha, I was walking by and saw you sitting here so I thought I'd come say hi."

"Oh, yeah that makes sense too."

"Or it is what a stalker would tell you," she said with a teasing smile.

"If you are a stalker, I should be so lucky."

Milly smiled at his response as she was finding him more and more fascinating. "You don't seem like a normal guy."

"Define normal?" He asked as she pointed at all the people staring at their holoscreens and ignoring each other. "Oh them, yeah I think there are better things to look at."

"Are you flirting with me, Sir?"

"That depends, do you feel awkward and turned off?"

"Not yet?"

"Then no I'm not flirting with you."

"Well usually when someone flirts with me they always talk about my ass, you seem more of a gentleman."

"Well, I... I mean I appreciate a nice ass as much as the next guy but I was also raised with some manors."

"Good to know, chivalry can be nice too."

"Hope that works in my favor, can I buy you a drink?" He asked waiting for a response.

"Why not," she responded with a smile as she loaded up the menu again letting her pick her poison.

As she picked a glass of wine he suddenly felt like a slob with beer on his jacket while the most beautiful woman he had ever seen was sitting next to him wearing a rather stunning dress and that same leather jacket she had been the last time he saw her He took off the coat and tried to see where this went as this woman was still such a mystery to him.

"So, what's your story?" He asked taking a sip of his drink.

"Not much to tell I'm afraid, been away for a few years, now I'm back."

"Whereabouts?"

"Europe," she said taking a sip of wine.

"Oh, sounds expensive."

"I have family out there, went to a special school."

"I see," he said suddenly feeling nervous because not only was this woman beautiful but apparently she had money as well. "So um... Wow."

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing," he said trying to hide how nervous he was.

She found his nervousness cute in a way. It sort of reminded her of the stories her Mother would tell her about her Dad back when they first met. Her Dad had always been her hero but it was nice hearing stories about how nervous and shy he was years ago. She thought it was a little weird that this guy reminded her of her Dad and that she also found him attractive but she also remembered in a psychology course learning about how it was natural to be attracted to someone who reminds you of your parent.

"Calm down, I don't need you to sign a prenup just yet." She said before laughing a little.

"I'm sorry, I have been single for a very long time so I just have no clue what I am doing anymore."

"Dating sucks anyway." She said breaking the tension.

"What do you mean?"

"The whole getting to know each other, holding open doors, buying dinner, knowing when to," She stopped and looked at him for a moment before saying: "to kiss, it is such a pain in the ass, I prefer to just have a good time, make friends, and just let things happen, why can't people just relax and enjoy life, you know what I mean?"

"Yeah, I wish I could relax more."

Standing up and taking his hand she said: "Come with me." And began leading him outside.

"Where are we going?" He asked confused.

"Do you trust me?" She asked stopping to stare at him awaiting his response.

"I... I do," he said nervously.

"Trusting too, this should be fun!" She said leading him on again.

There was one part of the city she enjoyed a lot as it had not changed much over the years. There was a lot of history in this city and she enjoyed the area's that still had that old look to them. Arthur recognized the area as well as they both were walking around Quincy market. 

It was a rather busy evening as there were multiple street performers and a decent crowd of people as they both walked around in the old stone walkways. He was surprised she didn't trip in the heels she was wearing as they went into a bunch of the shops before they stopped to watch an old fashion drum circle that had formed down at the end.

For the first time, all night Arthur wasn't nervous. He was actually enjoying himself and so was Milly as she laughed and dragged him all over as if excited by everything. He thought it was funny how much fun she was having but then remembered she had been away for a while so she was probably just happy to be home.

After a few hours, they found themselves just wandering the streets of Boston. He lived a few blocks away but he also wanted to make sure she got home alright even though he really didn't know where she lived. He knew it was outside the city but wanted to make sure she got home safe and sound.

After talking about their favorite films she finally said: "You see, once you let go and just have fun it gets so much more easier doesn't it?" She said as she stopped and turned towards him.

"It really does." He said with a smile just staring at her.

"So, what's next, it's still early," she said curiously waiting for his answer.

Arthur stared at her for a moment thinking about how he actually did feel a lot more relaxed than before. He finally just acted on instinct and kissed her. Milly was surprised at first and he was nervous thinking maybe he shouldn't have done that until he felt her hand on his face and her lips react to his. They were soft and he felt her tongue begin to play with his a little as they both enjoyed the moment

After a moment he pulled his lips away and looked at her again as he said: "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have..."

Before he could finish she pulled him in again tasting his lips once more. He enjoyed her flavor as he wrapped his arm around her waist pulling her close. Milly was also enjoying herself as she smelled his blood and tasted his lips. It was hard for her to control herself but she didn't want it to stop. Her back was against the wall as she pulled his head in not wanting to let go of his lips for a second but didn't realize her fangs had extended.

Her lust was getting stronger as she began to grind against him a little. She could hear his heart racing and smell the blood flowing through his body. She wanted him, she wanted to drink him, fuck him, do everything to him. She could feel the bulge in his pants and without even trying she bit his lip drawing a little blood.
