 Chapter I

I want to thank SylviDoll for taking the time to edit this piece and all the suggestions. I did try and make all the changes hoping to make this story better than it was without her.

This is my first submission to this site, hopefully the writing gets better as I go along.

I was going through an old end table that I had found in the attic of my house, just seeing what was in there. Nothing of any importance it appeared! I found an old "little black book" but it looked more like something my mother would have to keep in her purse than a man on the prowl. Also found were some pens, bills from forty or so years ago, a writing tablet with three sheets of blank paper on it. I tossed that up on top figuring I always need scratch paper. Other than that just a few junk items. Everything but the scratch pad went into the trash. The end table went to the end of the couch and the tablet back inside the top drawer where it was forgotten until that Saturday night.

I was sitting at home alone bored, feet propped up on the coffee table in front of the sofa, when I thought about a lady living next door to me. Her name is Lisa and she's extremely good looking, I have placed thoughts of her in my spank bank several times. I went back to the bank a number of times before sleeping at night. I like to write stories so, I grabbed the three sheets of paper and I started out a fantasy involving her.

Sitting in my living room with nothing to do, I was just about to go to bed when there was a knock on the front door. I went and answered it finding my next door neighbor on my step. Lisa looks good anytime, but tonight she was wearing just a men's button down shirt. Her nipples straining against the material and her long legs dropping out the bottom ending at her dainty feet with red nail polish on her toes.

"Hi Lisa, come on in, what can I do for you."

"James, I know we have been neighbors for at least five years now and I haven't been the best neighbor. I had an experience today that got me thinking about how I am not really a good person and I want to change that."

"What are you talking about, we have always gotten along."

"Have you been to one of my parties where I know we have woke you up as late as two in the morning? No you haven't. Have I ever invited you to dinner at my house. No I haven't. Have I accepted one of your many invites? No I haven't."

"I am sure there is a reason why."

"There is. Because I have been a bitch. I want that to change and I want you to accept this gift I brought you." she told me.

I looked in her hands, she held nothing. I thought "well her gift will be an invite to dinner, I could do that." Not even close. She grabbed the tail of the shirt and whipped it over her head. There my neighbor stood, naked and in my living room. "Fuck." I groaned. Lisa is tall, slight, and voluptuous. She is tan all over and has a shaved pussy. She dropped to her knees and pulled down my running shorts and underwear at the same time. She then leaned forward and took my cock into her mouth. Lisa licked all around the head of my cock before slowly sinking her lips down over the shaft. She took me to the edge of her throat and paused, breathing deep in through her nose, then grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled herself all the way down onto my cock until her nose was buried in my pubic hair. I growled feeling my cock in her throat. It had been a long time since I had a blowjob like this one. She held it for a seconds then came off of me breathing deep. She repeated this process along with taking my shaft out of her mouth and licking up and down it and taking my balls in her mouth. She gave me a wonderful blow job that ended only after she swallowed all my cum.

She kept me in her mouth and sucked until I was hard again. I then lay her on the floor and she spread her legs wide apart while I removed my shirt. I then dropped down between her legs and ate her pussy through two orgasms before moving up and sliding my cock into her in one motion. Her cunt fit like a glove. It seemed to be just perfect for my cock to slide into. Once I settled in, I rotated my hips so she could feel it in all parts of her pussy before I started We fucked with me on top, rolled to her on top but finished with me behind her in the doggy position.

After we both came, she put her shirt on, kissed me and told me "Dinner, my place tomorrow at seven. I expect you there." She then was out the door leaving me bewildered.

I put the pad down and went to get a rum and Coke from my bar when there was a knock on my door. I went and opened it to find my neighbor Lisa standing there in a button down shirt. What happened next was just as I had written it on the paper, I mean even the her words were the same. I finally got my rum and Coke, went back to the couch and picked up the tablet I had written on. It was blank!

I sat there confused and wondered if my mind is playing tricks on me. I then have a thought. It's just getting dark so I might can get away with this. I went and unlock the door, then back and set down picking up the tablet.

As I set here nursing my drink, my neighbor Lisa walks into my living room through the unlocked door buck ass naked and sets on the end of my couch facing me. One leg against the back of the couch, the other on the floor. She then starts masturbating one hand on her clit the other pushing three fingers in her pussy. All the while she is telling me that steak is for dinner and after she is going to fuck my brains out before sending me home full and empty at the same time. She then cums, juices running past her nether lips onto the leather arm of sofa, she leans over and kisses me before going home.

I place the tablet on the table and pick up my iPhone and start the video just as the door burst open and in walks a naked Lisa. Once she has finished what I had written and leaves, I turn to the tablet and again it is blank.

How far would this go? How far would I take it. I reached for the tablet and wrote again. I placed it on the table and would wait for in the morning to see if my phone rang at nine nineteen in the morning.

At nine eighteen I was staring at the clock, then the number rolled to nine nineteen and the phone rang and just like I had written last night the conversation started.

"Mr Smith (obviously not my real name) this is ______ from the mortgage company. Through some housekeeping some funds were found and we decided to pay off the mortgage of ten of our customers, you sir are one of the ten. We will be sending you all paperwork, including your deed, free and clear in the next week. Thank you for being a wonderful customer." 

There were a million things running through my mind right now as far as what I could do, what I could have, but I wanted to go slow. What if it didn't last? "Let me see what I can get Lisa to do, then we will go from there." I thought to myself. I got up and grabbed a different tablet this time and started to make a list of what I wanted to do with this writing ability I now had.

As evening drew near. I decided I wanted Lisa to dress just for me and knew I needed to give her time in case she needed to run to the store to get what I wanted her to wear. The price was not going to be all that much so I was not worried if she had to purchase something. I picked up the tablet and wrote a few lines, then tossed the tablet down. At 6:45 I knocked on Lisa's door and was treated to one of my dreams when the door opened. Let's see, how did I write that again?

I knocked on Lisa's door that opened after only a few seconds. My dream stood before me. Lisa greeted me wearing a six inch stiletto open toed heel and thigh high stay up sheer black stockings with a lace top. Her jewelry consisted of a pearl necklace that hung just at her neck and matching stud earrings. Other than that, she was just as God designed her. She let me in and met me with a kiss allowing me to grope her ass cheeks. We made out for fifteen minutes me fingering her to two orgasms in the entryway before she asked me to put on the steaks while she checked on the baked potatoes and finished the salad. We ate with her dressed as she was when she answered the door. 

If you have never eaten sitting next to a near nude sexual goddess, you don't know what you are missing or how hard it is to concentrate on eating.

After our meal and the table was cleared, Lisa came in and straddled my lap, wrapped her arms around my neck and started kissing me. The entire time she was unbuttoning my shirt, losing my belt and trying to get my jeans unbuttoned. Dropping to her knees she finally got them unbuttoned and pulled off along with my underwear. She then wrapped her lips around my hard shaft. After a couple of minutes, I knew if she continued I would blow off in her mouth. Tonight I wanted to start in her pussy so I pulled her up and took her into the living room and bent her over the back of the sofa. She placed her hands on the seat cushions and spread her legs. I dropped down to my knees and grabbed her ass cheeks, pulled them apart and ran my tongue from her clit, through her slit, across her tant, over and just inside her asshole then up her crack. I repeated this three times before I concentrated sucking on her clit and pussy until she came. I moved my mouth over her slit and drank her juice down. Damn it was good!!!! 

I then stood and moved behind Lisa, lining up my cock with her pussy and pushed until I was buried balls deep. I began to slowly saw back and forth, building up speed, finally slamming into her ass to the point it sounded like a gunshot each time I slammed forward. Finally I slammed home and held tight as I came deep inside Lisa's pussy. Lisa came just as I did and we collapsed where we were. After a couple of minutes, Lisa was able to stand then she fell to the floor next to me and took my cum soaked cock into her mouth and cleaned me up. I pulled her up to me and kissed her deeply then we just lay in the floor holding each other.

"You know Lisa, I would have to say this is the best neighborly gift I have ever received."

She laughed and said; "Well, I must tell you I will never be a bitch to you ever again."

I spent the night with Lisa and we fucked for hours and got very little sleep I crawled out of Lisa's bed just a little after five in the morning and walked home, stood under the shower waking myself enough to go to work and then dressed and downed three cups of coffee. It was going to be a long day at the office!

When I got home that afternoon, my heart dropped as I saw Lisa sitting on my front step waiting on me. I got out of the car and walked over to where she was setting and sat next to her without speaking. I figured she wanted this conversation, I would let her start it.

"James, I need to talk."

"Well, I figured something was up."

"I don't understand what happened this weekend. I don't know why I did what I did with you, but I have to tell you I am glad I did."

I knew I was not going to tell her about my tablet. "Well Lisa I have to tell you I was surprised as well, but I have to tell you I enjoyed the hell out of it and hope it don't end." With that I stood and stretched my hand out to her. She took it and I pulled her up and guided her into my house.