 She turned the key in the lock, securing the room. Carly was very protective of her study, which wasn't surprising really. 

In a way, it was the most erotic room of her house. The gentle hum of the equipment inside made her smile as she went upstairs and paused for a moment facing the full-length mirror that greeted her as she entered her bedroom. 

She downed the last of her hot chocolate and set the mug on her bedside, barely taking her eyes off her reflection as her blonde curls lapped the sides of her face, complimented by her dark eyes and full-bodied lips. 

She slipped off her red silk nightie and let it slide across her skin, fluttering to the ground, exposing the gently tanned 25-year-old body beneath. If she wasn't quite so tired, her favourite vibrator would no doubt be coming out to play – but alas, bed called. 

The following day was unremarkable, at least for Carly. Two orgasms before getting out of bed and a third in the car on the way to work. A quick Costa between the multistorey and the university because her self-indulgence had again made her late. And finally a breeze through the doors, safe in the knowledge that she so excelled in her field (which incidentally was astrophysics) that her poor timekeeping was always to be forgiven. Though not unnoticed. 

'Where you been? Our results are due in any time,' said an eager technician of some kind. 

'Relax,' Carly purred. She couldn't quite tease out any more words. Not only did she have tonight's rendezvous with her girlfriend in mind, but she was also at the mercy of pair of jiggle balls right now which threatened to belie her otherwise cool, professional exterior. Especially given how fast she'd had to walk to get here on time. 

The morning was a hectic rush of paperwork mainly, and it wasn't until midday when the pressure subsided that she quite realised how aroused she had become. Flustered, in fact. 

'Carly, you got a few minutes?' It was the voice of her head of department. 

'Yes, what's up?'

'I'm due at South Campus in five minutes,' he said. 'Walk with me.'

That wasn't exactly what Carly wanted to hear. In fact, the thought of walking now, when her orgasm progress bar was probably at 60% already, was more than a bit of a worry. But her boss knew she had to be on South Campus shortly too, so it made sense to walk together. And that left her very little room to manoeuvre out of it. 

So she clenched her teeth and followed him. 'I take it you've read through our findings?'

'Glanced through. It's promising Carly, but to back it up with something concrete would take an enormous study. We'd need, what, at least a hundred volunteers?'

'Mm-hmm,' she concurred simply as the gentle quiver of the balls teased her. As did the aftershave that her Clooney boss wore. Maybe he was 50-odd, but she'd still have ridden him.

'Do you think you can make it work?'

They continued to walk. Carly's heart rate quickened. She wasn't sure whether it was their walking pace that had done it, or the now very real possibility that she might reach orgasm before she reached her destination, whether she wanted to or not. 

'I'm convinced I can, yes,' she said, bubbly now. 

It was only a short walk but it seemed to be taking forever. The ring binder she carried bent as her grip tightened. These infernal balls had pushed her over the precipice once before, while she was on the Tube – but that was at gone midnight with the entire carriage to herself. This was midday at a busy university with her head of department striding beside her and students brushing past on their way to wherever they were going. 

He turned a corner. She almost carried straight on.

'Are you alright. Carly?'

'Ehh, just...a bit hot. Sorry, you were saying?' She knew that her face was flushed; she could feel the glow as she fanned herself a little. 

Now there was relief. She had stopped, and so had the vibrations. That only made it worse of course, five seconds later, when they began to walk again and that momentary relief turned to rising panic. Somehow the teasing little stop-start had made her more sensitive, and she knew now that she was done for. 

'Listen Carly, what you're doing is exciting stuff...'

*I know that!* she thought as she bit her lip.

'I'm just not sure we can go all the way.'

*I'm about to if I don't stop fucking walking!!*

'It's a shame really, because I'd love to see you bring it to its conclusion,' he added. 

*Oh god...*

Her muscles clenched like crazy around the balls, trying to steady them. But that just intensified things. Her legs were beginning to feel weak. It was taking all of her energy and concentration to keep her knees from giving way. Her knuckles were white and a crease had appeared in the cover of her binder. Her forehead sparkled with perspiration. She was screwed. 

Five...four...three...

'Okay, this is me,' he said.

Two...one...

They stopped walking, but it was too late. 

'We'll have a better talk about this tomorrow,' said her boss.

'Uh-huh,' Carly sizzled. 

He strode through the door, with no clue what he was about to miss. There was nothing she could do now. So as the door closed, she gave in and that ring binder crashed to the floor as she herself sunk to her knees and the blur that was her right hand locked itself to her crotch. Climax was upon her either way, but a quick fingertip massage through her trousers was enough to turn stifled pleasure into skin-rippling bliss. She managed to keep her usual vocalisations down to a careful squeak or two – and just thanked her lucky stars that no-one was around. If her boss had fancied an addendum now, she'd have been sunk. 

Through deep and difficult gasps, she endured the full force of orgasm. 

A tutor rounded the next corner. 'Hey, you okay?'

A startled gasp. 'Shit...ehh, yes! Just dropped this...'

The trusty ring binder gave her a much-needed alibi, and the other woman wandered off, bemused and probably not convinced. 

'Fuckkk,' Carly muttered as she regained control.

For many, that would have been enough excitement for one day. But Carly being Carly, just had to top it off with another orgasm – albeit this one obtained in front of the mirror in the nearest toilets she could find. They were handy not only for privacy, but also because there was always a mirror on the wall. 

'My god, I'm gorgeous,' she ogled her own reflection as she fingered herself. 

As orgasms go, it was good – but frustratingly it didn't quite match the unplanned nature of her close call in the corridor. 

The rest of the working day passed uneventfully (well, compared at least to the morning's fiasco), particularly after Carly removed the mischievous balls and concealed them in her handbag. Nevertheless, as the appointed hour of home-time approached, her anticipation began to grow again. She was in a particularly wicked mood now, and that made her nervous. 

She got home shortly after 6pm, and as she wandered into her flat, her senses all atingle, she sniffed the air gently. Mmmmm, Gucci Guilty; the scent of her partner, you could say. She giggled a little, knowing it was to be another mind-blowing evening, and then slipped into the kitchen for a glass of red wine. 

A few sips later, she climbed the stairs. Her proverbial other half was there, just as she knew she would be, draped across her favourite chair in the window, wearing only two things: a necklace chain with a little key on it, and an eager smile. 

Carly put the wine on her dresser and looked her up and down slowly as her lover gazed back with equal admiration, their eyes radiating a playful desire off one other. The air as always seemed to warm up between the two, and Carly had never quite managed to figure out whether it was something about the chemistry, or just her excited imagination making her blood run hot. Either way, once in this position, faced with a woman every bit as beautiful as herself, she knew there was nothing either of them could do but surrender. 

The erotic intruder gazed on as Carly removed first her jacket, then her figure-hugging top, and then her bra. All three items were cast to the floor like they were of no consequence, and the sight of Carly topless and in only a pair of tight jeans tantalised her lover to her feet. 

There was not a word between them. They had this down to a fine art, each knowing precisely what to do. This was the nature of their relationship: words were meaningless now, and it was far easier and perhaps safer even to avoid all but the most necessary ones altogether. So they each took a step forward and their bodies met, their arms sliding around one another and their bare chests pressing together softly. Their kiss was electrifying as always, and they made it last – lips lingering in contact at first, then tongues flashing cheekily between. They took in the taste of the kiss and let it blend with the fragrance of their perfume, and for a few moments it seemed that they would lose control as their mouths locked.

As they kissed, her lover's hands fell neatly around Carly's waist, and then proceeded to the front of her jeans. In a second the button was undone, and then the zip. Passionate hands slipped inside Carly's jeans, one either side, and guided them off her inviting hips. With an involuntary wiggle, they fell to the ground and Carly stepped out of them. Her lover wasted no time in removing Carly's red thong too, and now they were equals. Two naked, lustful female bodies, wrapped up in the moment. It was perfection. 

And now the game began. Carly had never been able to make up her mind whether she preferred to dominate or submit. Both drove her wild, and this switch relationship meant she could enjoy each with equal enthusiasm. The key on her lover's necklace meant that she had chosen to submit tonight – though in truth, Carly already knew that would happen. It always had to be this way round; it was just easier somehow. 

Of course, the beautiful visitor tried, as she often did, to push her luck. But the moment her hand strayed between Carly's legs, Carly assumed her role and took a firm hold of her wrist. As much as she wanted to feel those expert fingers inside her, she had to keep her resolve. 

Carly's hand stroked her lover's hair now. She eased her fingers into the curls, and then gripped hard. A little whimper from the sub, and then Carly led her to the side of the bed like that. She didn't resist. Carly let go, and pushed her slave hard with both hands, watching as the force of the shove dumped her onto the bed on her arse. She opened her bottom bedside drawer and tossed two pairs of handcuffs and an o-ring gag onto the sub's bare tummy. It winded her a little, but she knew what to do. While Carly crossed the room to the dresser, her loyal slave fastened the gag in place nice and tight, lay down on her back and cuffed her own hands to the head of the double bed, as far apart as she could get them. 

Carly kept her back turned and listened for the second click that indicated her victim was ready. Then she turned to enjoy the sight of her body restrained provocatively, her mouth trapped open by the gag. 

She walked to the bed, wine glass in hand. She loved how her sub squirmed even now, before the torment had even begun. And now the gag was in place, and her sub couldn't talk back, Carly knew she could speak. 

'Don't look at me like you know what to expect,' said Carly. 'You know how that pisses me off.'

Her slave's mouth was useless now, at least as far as speaking went, but it was still fun when she tried to gargle a brief 'sorry' from it nonetheless. 

Mistress Carly took a sip of wine. She was about to put it down, but changed her mind. She took another sip, and her sub knew what was coming. Though it was unnecessary for Carly to pin her down, she climbed atop her slave anyway, straddling her nude body with her own, sliding back and forth just a little, letting the moisture tell her slave's tummy just how much she was already enjoying herself. Then she leaned forward, and their eyes locked. She took a firm hold of her sub's head, and their lips almost met as Carly allowed the fluid to trickle from her own mouth into her slave's. 

She couldn't close her mouth. All she could do was enjoy the taste, and then swallow awkwardly. She had already had a couple of glasses herself before their games began, and right now she wasn't sure what intoxicated her more – the wine or the fact that her Mistress was forcing even more into her and there was nothing she could do about it. 

Another sip, and another taste for her sub, and then Carly finished off the glass. She leaned forward again and manoeuvred her tongue through the o-ring, carefully into her slave's mouth. Tongue-tips met, and the poor frustrated slave tried to turn it into a kiss as best she could – but of course Carly withdrew her tongue immediately with a giggle. A moan from the sub alerted her that it was a torture worth repeating, and so she did it again. Their tongues touched, just enough to notice, before she whisked away again. And then back, in and out of her sub's mouth, torturous little touches from tongue to tongue, until she started to writhe and lift her head from the pillow, each time Carly keeping that elusive lick just out of her reach. 

She ran a finger around the inside of the nearly empty glass, and let her slave lick it as she pushed it into her mouth. She withdrew and licked it seductively herself, drawing another moan from her slave's tortured mouth, and then got up. 

In an instant the moment moved from one of grace and charm to something more aggressive. The slave could only watch as Carly picked up her thong, its lacy fabric still carrying traces of the day's excitement, and came back to the bed. 

'Not a sound from now on,' she chastised her sub, forcing the thong into her mouth and watching her eyes widen ever so slightly at the uncomfortable yet erotic taste of lust juice and lace. Then she held the key on her slave's necklace in her hand for a moment. 'I'm feeling evil, so you know what that means, don't you?'

Her slave nodded. 

'It means that either you're a good little bitch for me, or you don't get released. And we both know how terribly inconvenient that would be, don't we?'

Nod.

Carly soaked up the sight of her thong poking out of her slave's helpless mouth, then opened another drawer. This was probably her favourite part when it came to domination – it was magic wand time. Her slave would have smiled if she could, but her sparkly eyes said it all. She'd been looking forward to this part all day.

Carly plugged in the device and flicked the switch. Slowest setting first. The purr of the want matched the stifled moans of anticipation from the slave, not to mention the giggles of mischief from Carly. She moved the wand toward her slave's intimate parts, and then switched it off. She put it down and gently took her slave's left nipple between her teeth. Slave tried to bite down, but of course the gag and thong prevented that.

'If you can keep quiet,' said Carly in between tender tongue caresses to and around her slave's nipple, 'you can have those vibrations all to yourself. But if you moan again...'

Carly demonstrated by switching it back on and guiding the wand between her own legs. Her knees went a little weak – and so did her slave. She wanted that thing between HER legs, not Carly's. She wanted it so fucking badly now that she pulled against her restraints. Carly pushed it harder onto her clit, swirling it gently, gasping a little, gripping the bedclothes with her free hand.

'Ohhh, so good,' she teased.

Slave watched. It was agony. She tugged again at the restraints, and Carly worked herself harder. It was obvious now that Carly's resolve was greater than her slave's, and so the helpless woman backed down like a good little girl and stopped tugging. Her body relaxed as best it could, and she fell silent. She could only watch in frustration as Carly pushed herself toward the point of orgasm – and then stopped. 

The wand now lubricated with Carly's juices, she slipped it between her slave's open legs and pressed. Slave's body convulsed, her control halfway gone – but as ordered, she managed to stay quiet. She bit down on the gag and endured it, and came close to screaming when Carly pushed the switch again. Suddenly the wand's gentle hum turned to a sporadic fiery rhythm as the cruel woman had switched it straight to full power.

Slave couldn't help but gasp through her gag. And of course, Carly immediately pulled the wand tip away from its resting place and began to slide it up and down her slave's chest, leaving a trail of sticky fluid as it went. Encircling the slave's breasts, she guided it back down gently and applied the pressure again where it counted the most.

This time when the slave gasped, Carly pressed harder. With each gasp, more pressure, until waves and waves of gorgeous torment ran through her slave's entire body. Her left eye began to twitch in that involuntary way that told Carly she was close to orgasm. And then it happened.

Her back rising off the bed in an arch, slave's skin went tingly and her heart beat furiously. It was just a little wand teasing, but it had done the trick after so much denial. The orgasm consumed her, and the gasps were beautifully restrained (though she really didn't want them to be) through her tormentor's tasty thong. Almost a full minute later, the sensations calmed, and so did the slave. 

The pressure had been released.

'Nice, honey?'

Slave nodded, blinking through her disorientation. Her breathing was heavy and loud, though muffled. 

Carly ran a finger over her slave's cheek, and let it find the tip of her thong as her breath rippled through it. 

'Would you like this out now?'

Slave nodded.

'So your little mouth can have a break?'

A nod again, more vigorously now.

'So I can sit on your face?'

There was no response this time. They had never done facesitting with restraints before, and slave knew how much Carly loved it; and how deeply it took away her self-control. Even without restraints, it wasn't unknown for Carly to get so carried away that poor slave had a job to breathe – and now here she was, still spread out like a big X, wrists and ankles inescapably attached to the bed. 

Slave knew what was going to happen, though in situations like this she still stupidly persisted in thinking she could change it. 

'Do you want to keep the gag in?' Carly tormented.

Slave shook her head. 

'Would you like me to sit on your face?'

A feeble nod.

Carly smiled, and pulled the gag out of slave's mouth gently. Then she unfastened the o-ring and removed that too, leaving the bound and still helpless woman to gasp through the relief and adjust her tired mouth back to its usual position with a touch of lip-licking to put the moisture back into them. Carly noticed her discomfort, and leaned over, running the tip of her tongue across her slave's top lip. All the way round and back across the bottom lip she licked, and then her tongue found its way into slave's mouth. It was only a brief kiss; just long enough for the taste of Carly's saliva to leave its mark.

The slave purred now. 'Please be gentle with–'

Carly's finger found her slave's lips swiftly. 'No talking, remember? If you talk, I'll have to punish you, and you're in no position to risk doing anything that might upset me. Are you?'

She removed her finger from slave's lips. 

'No Mistress,' said slave.

Carly could be fierce when she wanted – and right now, she wanted. So she slapped her slave straight across the cheek, hard. There came a little squeal from slave, who had almost forgotten how physical her Domme would be. Or perhaps she just didn't realise how much the slap was going to sting. 

'I said no talking, you stupid little bitch,' said Carly. She was visibly and genuinely annoyed. 
