 I want to thank SylviDoll and KiwiKnight for taking the time to edit this piece and all her suggestions. I did try and make all the changes hoping to make this story better than it was without them.*********

After leaving the dealership in my new car, I headed back home to write the script for the fun I wanted to happen tomorrow.

It is Sunday at noon, when Lisa knocks on the door. Tabetha and I were lying in the bed, having just finished our second round of sex since she had arrived at nine this morning. I got out of bed and went to answer the door while still naked. I invited Lisa in, and as she stepped inside, she immediately dropped to her knees and took my cock into her mouth. After a few seconds of holding my cock in her mouth, she removed it and looked up at me.

"That tastes like pussy." 

"It is, and I think it tastes pretty good. How about you?"

She took it back into her mouth and bobbed up and down a few times before pulling her head back. 

"Yep, I think it tastes good too. If it is still here I would like some of it."

"You're in luck Lisa. It is still here, and so is the rest of her."

"Yum, I want some of her and you." With that, Lisa took me back into her mouth and started giving me a wonderful blowjob.

"Come on Lisa." I started. "Let's go introduce you to the other part of this party."

With that we went into the bedroom and found Tabetha still in the bed.

"Lisa, Tabetha, Tabetha, Lisa. How about we restart this party in the bathroom with a shower."

All three of us headed to the shower. After adjusting the temperature, we all climbed in. I started washing Lisa while she washed Tabetha. When we were clean the girls started making out with each other in the shower. After a few minutes the water started turning cold, so I pushed them out, got us all some towels and we dried off quickly before heading back to the bed. 

 Once there the girls started making out again, Lisa being the aggressor and lying on top of Tabetha. First it was just kisses, then Lisa slowly made her way down Tabetha's body to her pussy and started devouring it. Tabetha was moaning and writhing under the expert tonguemanship (yes, I know it's not a real word), and soon she arched her back until just her head, shoulders and feet were on the bed. She came in an orgasm like I had never seen in a woman. 

Lisa then moved back up her body and kissed Tabetha passionately. She moved herself up over Tabetha's face and said; "Now eat me bitch, and I better cum as good as you did." I watched Tabetha give Lisa all she had, and I know Lisa did cum just as well, actually I know it was better because Lisa fainted.

We rolled Lisa onto her back off of Tabetha, and we both started sucking on her tits. Then I moved down and started eating Lisa's pussy while Tabetha sucked one then the other breast, alternating every few seconds. Before long, Lisa started rocking her hips under me, and pulled Tabetha up into a kiss. I pushed Lisa's legs out and up and exposed her asshole. I then licked around it which caused her to moan and increase her hip movements. After a minute of licking around it, I plunged my tongue into it as far as I could go. She arched her back, pulled away from Tabetha and yelled "fuck," then went back to kissing Tabetha, all the time moaning louder and louder. 

Tabetha broke the kiss and moved down so she could see what I was doing. When she saw me eating Lisa's ass, she started on Lisa's clit which caused Lisa to explode into another orgasm, soaking us both along with the sheets. When Lisa recovered, we all disengaged. 

I rolled over, grabbed my cell and ordered pizza. We then all got back into the shower to clean up again. After the shower, I pulled out clean sheets and changed the bed. As I started through the living room to put the sheets in the wash, I handed Tabetha some money and told her that when the pizza was delivered, her and Lisa should go to the door and get it, while both still naked. She kissed me and said they would both do my pleasure.

I had just placed the sheets in the washer when the bell rang. I moved so I could see the front door as both women went to answer it. Tabetha pulled the door open and the damn fool dropped his hot box (or whatever you call that thing they use to keep the pizza hot). Both girls giggled at him, then they kissed each other, Lisa grabbing Tabetha's breast, while Tabetha put a finger in Lisa's pussy. Tabetha broke the kiss and placed her pussy flavored finger in the delivery boys' mouth, which he started sucking immediately. She pulled it out and then leaned in and kissed him full on the lips with plenty of tongue. 

While that was taking place, Lisa leaned in and started nibbling and licking his ear while she reached out and stroked his cock through his pants until he came. When he came, they both pulled away and asked for our pizza. He picked up the box without ever looking away from the ladies, pulled out the pizzas and handed them to Lisa. 

Tabethia tried to hand him the money, but he said; "Ladies, thank you, this one is on me. Fuck nobody is going to believe this." 

Lisa told him; "We can help with that, get your phone and let's take a selfie." 

It was then I had a better idea. "Hey." I said as I walked up. "How about if I take the photo."

I then had each lady hold a pizza box and stand on either side of the young man while I held his phone and took a couple of photos. One was full body, showing the two ladies naked, and the other bust shots showing their spectacular tits and faces. I handed him his phone back and then each lady kissed him goodbye. He left, and we went in to have pizza. The rest of the day was spent in bed, all of us having great sex with each other anyway we could think to do it.

On Monday, we all called in sick. While we were lying around, I asked Tabethia about her event the coming weekend that she needed a plus one for. She told me she was going to a wedding, and that her ex-husband would be attending also. He had told her she would never find someone as good as he was when he walked out and she wanted to prove him wrong. She thought I was just the right person to make that happen for her.

Little did she know; I could make it happen. Her ex-husband would know he could be replaced, he would know he was lacking and not all that. I told her to tell me what she would like to see happen to him if she could do anything to humiliate him. She said; "That would be easy. I would have a bunch of girls tease him and him not be able to get a hardon and all the girls know it." Now I had to get my mind working.