 Thanks to nchalada, wrc264, & albatrs89 for editing this series. 

Note: there's no sex in this part. 

***** 

Chapter 16 -- Too Real. 

Ariana didn't want to move. Everything was so comfortable. The room was pitch black, she was nestled between Steve and Megan's warm bodies, and the muscular arm resting along her shoulder had her feeling loved and protected. Nothing could interfere with the immense amount of happiness she was experiencing. Nothing could invade her space and make her feel vulnerable. Nothing could possibly cause her to leave this bed. 

So why was she slithering away from her two friends? 

There was only one explanation for why she was hopping off the mattress. Nothing else could be at fault for her opening the bedroom door and slipping out into the hallway. Her world turned to a single concern which needed to be addressed as soon as possible. 

She was so thirsty. 

A few sips of water and she would be right back in bed. A little taste would be enough to clench her craving for cold, refreshing fluids. But then again, maybe she could indulge a bit. They definitely had more water now thanks to yesterday's surprise rainstorm, and they would have an endless supply if the stream turned out to be safe. Odorless, tasteless, transparent, and nearly colorless—she wouldn't trade a glass of H2O for the biggest piece of chocolate cake on the planet. 

Safety was far down her list of worries. Ariana was hustling down the dark stairs without any care over her own well-being. Water: it was her only desire. 

But then she froze. 

A mere four steps was all that separated her from the floor. A handful of seconds and she would be in the family room. Moments later, fluids would be wetting her arid lips, but something was preventing her from moving. 

You know what's happening. This isn't real. You aren't thirsty. 

But she was dying for water. Her imagination couldn't be causing this itch. There wasn't anyone or anything playing head games with her. She simply needed something to drink. 

No, you don't! You aren't thirsty! You're being tricked! You know what will be waiting for you in the family room, Ariana. That thing is going to be standing there, and it will take you again. 

Yes, of course! She's dreaming! Physically, she was standing on the stairs, but mentally, she wasn't really here. An extraterrestrial being was pulling her to the family room against her will. She would still be in bed if it was her choice. 

You can change this. Tonight is your stand. It's time to end this shit! That thing is invading your dreams. It's violating your personal space. They're abducting you and running experiments without your consent. 

Ariana took another step down the stairs. 

No, go back upstairs! Go wake up Steve and Megan! They'll help you! Steve knows exactly what you're going through. He won't laugh at you like Dad. He won't call you crazy the way Claire does either. 

There were only two stairs remaining as she stepped down once again. 

It's never going to stop if you don't change something! Go back to bed! 

She was now down to one step. 

Okay, Ariana, think. This thing obviously isn't allowing you to run away, but you can still fight back. Remember what you did earlier? You beat Steve in a race! Not only did you beat him, but you left him in the dust. You're strong! E.T. picked the wrong girl to mess with. 

There wasn't anything around to use as a weapon. Her feet touched the floor and began moving toward the family room without any ability to control herself. She wanted to yell. She just wanted to do something! Why wouldn't her legs stop moving? Why were her lips sealed? It was really going to happen again, and there wasn't anything she could do to prevent it. 

You're too little to fight back. You're too cute to make a stand. Be a good girl and let this thing have its way with you. That's the easier route, isn't it? Who knows what happens in that white room after your dream ends? You're probably being violated. These things are probing you. They're treating you like a lab rat, and you're going to continuing being their little test dummy, aren't you? 

Not tonight. This was her chance to set things straight. It was her moment to tell this monster to go mess with someone else. Actually, that wasn't what she wanted. This was for women everywhere. She was going to fuck this thing up just enough to send it limping back to its little spaceship. Killing it would be a disservice to her true mission. It wouldn't get her point across. Marvin the Martian was going to be telling his buddies all about the crazy Earth girl they should avoid after she was done with him. And while they're at it, maybe they should take their experiments to some other galaxy. The ladies on this planet are officially off limits. 

Her body moved along its predetermined path into the family room, and like a train on a child's toy track, she stopped right where she knew she would. All of her fantasies came crashing down. Her intention of kicking some ass seemingly disappeared. Past the sofa was her kryptonite. It was her ultimate weakness. It was the one thing which caused her to question her own strength. She could take on the world until her eyes met that creepy figure. Its body was so lanky and unappealing. Its eyes were creepy and impossible to trust. Its tiny mouth always looked like a diabolical grin to her—with evil on its mind. 

She was experiencing the same thing Steve did: the ability to see in this completely dark room. That of course was nothing new to her. The couch slowly moved to the side just like he talked about, and now things were playing out exactly as expected. It was approaching and her feet were stuck in mud. Her sole motion came courtesy of her shaking hand. It was childish to see this unfolding any differently. She honestly thought she was going to fight this thing? And seriously injure it? God, sometimes she was so stupid. 

Look at its grin. Its mocking you. You're being mutely taunted because you can't escape. You could move to California and it would still be waiting for you. What if this is the rest of your life? What if you're a mother with kids fifteen years from now, and you're still being taken against your will? 

Ariana's hand was desperate to strike forward. Her trembling arm was frantic to defend herself. This thing stopped inches in front of her and shot her that familiar smirk. Its arm slowly began to raise and she prepared herself for that white room. There was nothing she could do. Just like when she was lying on that cold table with a needle descending from the ceiling, she was helpless to how this played out. Perhaps she wasn't having lucid dreams. Maybe it was delusional to think she could control her future. But then something happened that changed everything. One single action occurred which opened her mind to a world of possibilities. 

Her arm launched forward and sent her fist hammering into this alien's frail shoulder, resulting in it immediately stumbling backwards and falling onto the hardwood floor. 

You freakin' did it! See, you knew it! This thing isn't Superman. It's not some perfect entity. It has flaws like everything else in this universe, and you knocked it on its ass just like you thought you could. Welcome to Earth, bitch! 

The Grey staggered back to its feet and silently observed her from a distance. A demonic expression swiftly washed over its always vacant face. It was a look of hatred. There was a glimmer of revenge in its eyes as it came closer, and when one of those slender fingers reached out to touch her, Ariana knew this time was going to be different. 

Naked, cold, and trapped on that familiar white table: most aspects of this experience were the same. A few things had changed, however. Three Greys were surrounding her, but for the first time in five years of this torment, she could identify the alien from the family room. Its glare coming from her right was chilling. It was making her regret her decision to retaliate. 

What did she expect? For this thing to run away? Or to leave her alone? She'd pissed it off, and now she was completely vulnerable to whatever devious deeds it had planned. 

Ariana knew what was waiting for her when she looked up. The lack of sound didn't cause her to forget the next step in line. That needle was slowly moving closer to her belly button, and no matter how hard she tried, there was no changing this part of her dream. 

She didn't even bother to make an attempt to yell. What good would it do? Sure, punching that thing in the shoulder earlier was a surprise, but there was no breaking out from this room. The good news was it was almost over. Only a few brief moments separated her from waking up in bed. Everything would— 

Ariana screamed. 

The sounds of her cries filled the isolated room. The needle pierced her belly button and drove deep inside her. Her lips were allowed to part for the very first time in all her years of being forcibly taken. There was a reason for this change, wasn't there? It was retribution for her decision to fight back in the family room. It was so she could hear her own torture. 

The pain from being probed was excruciating. Actually feeling the needle was agonizing. There was no more wondering what happened right before she woke up in a panic: this was it. 

"Ariana!" 

The glare coming from the Grey continued to insult her. The looks on the other two creatures was of similar derision. They wanted her to feel each and every moment of agony. They were making her experience this pit of misery. 

"Ariana, wake up!" 

A hot knife may as well have been stabbing her. The time she accidentally stepped in broken glass didn't compare to this. She thought having a doctor dig broken shards out of her foot was horrifying—it wasn't. 

"You're dreaming! Wake up!" 

Tears were flowing from her big brown eyes as the needle explored further. Her screams turned to pleads for this to end. She wanted to die. She wasn't strong enough to fight this. Her body wasn't made to withstand this amount of punishment. 

Ariana suddenly shot up in bed. 

She was shaking. Her little frame viciously rocked back and forth as she continued to wail and beg for it to be over. This was a trick. Steve and Megan weren't on her sides, imploring her to wake up from her nightmare. That Grey was deep inside her head. She was being manipulated by an extraterrestrial monster. She'd never left the white room, that sharp needle had permanently cemented itself in her belly, and she was never going to be allowed to leave. 

"Stop it!" Ariana screamed. "Please stop it!" 

Steve wrapped his arms around the trembling teen and pulled her into him. 

"It hurts so much!" she continued to howl. 

Megan ran her hand through Ariana's hair while she attempted to console her. "It's just a dream, sweetheart. Wake up and it'll be over." 

Ariana had wished for death, and there was little doubt in her mind that it was coming. She was about to be impaled. She'd been wrong this entire time. These things weren't running tests on her or collecting samples of some kind—they were killing her. 

"AHHHHHHHHHHH!!" 

Her watery eyes opened. She used every ounce of her strength in an attempt to push away from whatever was holding her. No more of this! She was done being used! 

"LET GO OF ME!!" 

Steve immediately released her from his grasp. 

The panting eighteen-year-old was still panicking. Dread swarmed her soul as she took in her surroundings. What if this was a cruel joke? What if Steve and Megan were illusions? What if she was still in that white room? 

"I'm not going to let anything happen to you." 

Ariana buried herself into Steve's chest. That one sentence brought her back to the cornfields from yesterday. Back to when he made the promise of always protecting her. What she'd just experienced couldn't have been reality, because he wouldn't allow her to be hurt. The tickle of his chest hair against the soft skin of her cheek brought her comfort. The touch of Megan's hand in her hair made her feel protected. These two melted away her worries. 

Megan told her, "I'll get you some water," before heading downstairs. 

She never wanted to leave Steve's grip. Nothing could snatch her away while he held her. "It all felt so real." 

"Were you in the white room again?" 

"Yeah, but I fought back before then," she told him through sniffles and tears. "I knocked that thing down. Steve, I punched it in the shoulder as hard as I could, and it fell!" 

"You were able to change your dream?" 

She pulled back slightly so she could look him in the eyes. Something this important needed to be discussed face-to-face. "I told you we could. We have the ability to fight back. I honestly don't know how I did it, but I did. I hit it so hard, but then-then-then..." 

Ariana started to shake again. 

"It was like I made it mad. Its eyes seemed to get even darker. That scowl on its face was more vicious than usual. I saw real emotion from that thing for the first time." 

This was his exact fear. That retaliating would cause everything to change for the worse. Wait, cause what to change? Their dreams? What they were experiencing were just nightmares, right? Sometimes he found himself giving these night terrors too much credit. Sometimes he forgot they weren't real. 

He inquired, "What happened next?" 

"It gets back to its feet and touches me, and I find myself right back in that white room, but something had changed. There was a different feeling in the air. Steve, I swear to God, that Grey was pissed. I could tell the three of them apart for the first time in my life because it looked so angry." 

"I—" 

The distraught teen plowed right through him as she reflected on her memories. "The needle lowered, and lowered, and lowered, right until the point where I expect to wake up. You know, like I always do? But, Steve, it didn't stop." 

"It didn't stop?" 

She wiped away the tears which were filling her brown eyes once again. "No, it didn't stop. It-it-it entered my belly button. It hurt so much. I could hear myself screaming for the first time. Like, they wanted me to listen to myself pleading for them to make it stop. And it just kept driving deeper and deeper into me. I-I-I..." 

Ariana lost all control over herself. 

She collapsed into Steve's waiting hold as she let herself go. All she wanted to do was fall back asleep. The nightmares never came back right away, but what if she'd changed everything? What if fighting back resulted in her losing the privilege of ever getting a good night's rest again? She just needed to turn her brain off. To shut her mind down and drift off to a different world. To a place where she didn't have any worries or responsibilities. 

"Promise you won't let anything happen to me." 

"I promise," Steve reassured her, his hand softly rubbing the comfortable back of her pajama tops. "It was just a bad dream—something we can't control. You know I'll always protect you. Megan too. We aren't going to let anything bad happen to you." 

"I can still feel the needle," she whined. "It's never gonna stop. They're going to keep invading my dreams." 

"But they're only dreams. Maybe they're something we can use and learn from. Ariana, we aren't really in danger. We can't get hurt in our imagination." 

Crying into his chest helped to relieve some of her fears, but plenty of concerns were still lingering. "Then why can I still feel it?" she asked while breaking away from his clutch. "It's like I'm still being probed." 

She lifted the bottom of her top to show him her belly button which still felt strange, and when she did, both of them audibly gasped. Ariana couldn't believe what she was seeing, meanwhile Steve was completely at a loss on how he could restore her confidence now. 

He rapidly blinked in an attempt to correct his vision. What was happening to his eyes? Something was wrong. Maybe he was still sleeping. Or perhaps he was exhausted and his mind was playing tricks on him. Anything other than this being real. 

The shade of cherry red was darker than he was used to. It was thin, yet thick. The small line created an overwhelming sense of fright. Neither of them would've put much thought into an occurrence like this in a normal situation, but circumstances were anything but routine. 

There was a small trail of blood leaking from Ariana's belly button, and her big brown doe eyes were looking to him for an answer. What was he supposed to tell her? Should he admit to what was really on his mind? All the signs were pointing to one thing, but he refused to go there. It was an impossibility that her dream was something other than that: a dream. 

Her thousand-yard stare was undeniable. A faint dab of the sticky fluid with her finger caused her to violently shudder. Her worst nightmare had become reality. This was her life now. Twenty-four seven, there was no escaping that vindictive Grey who was hell-bent on destroying her soul. And if everything she'd experienced in her dream had actually happened, then that thing could still be downstairs. 

"MEGAN!!" 

Steve jumped back courtesy of Ariana's loud scream. She managed to scurry away from him and run toward the door before he could react. 

"MEGAN!!" she yelled again. "Megan, it's not safe down there!" 

He hurried after the teen who was already running down the stairs. She was clearly shell shocked. Her eyes were distant and confused. Reality and fantasy had become interchangeable in her mind. It wasn't the mental state of a girl who should be on her own. 

"MEGAN!!" 

He almost ran over the young brunette as he stopped just one step above her. Three stairs were all that was keeping her from the first floor of the house, but an immense fear of encountering that Grey wasn't why she'd stopped. It was the sight of Megan holding a glass of water. 

"What's wrong?" asked Megan. "Why are you yelling?" 

"It's-it's-it's not-not safe down here." 

She looked past her panicked friend, to her boyfriend. "Not safe?" 

He questioned, "You didn't see anything strange, did you?" 

Megan shook her head. 

This was all part of their plan, wasn't it? Those aliens wanted her to appear crazy to her friends. It was a strategy of divide and conquer. They must've forgot all about one vital piece of evidence, and Ariana was ready to show Megan how real everything truly was. 

She lifted her shirt to expose her stomach, but she knew what she was going to see when she glanced down at her body. The blank expression coming from Megan said everything. They were messing with her. The same beings who had ruined her life for the past five years, weren't going to stop until she lost her mind. Part of her didn't want to look. It would be just another slap in the face. 

Ariana reluctantly peeked down at her completely clean midsection. There wasn't even a hint of blood. It was too much. Everything was a joke. The world was crashing down on top of her. 

Ariana finally broke. 

Megan shrieked, "Steve, grab her!" 

He reached out and gripped her petite hips, just in time to feel her body go limp in his hands. He would've been in big trouble if this girl wasn't light as a feather. Her lifeless frame leaned forward before he effortlessly scooped her up into his hold. Her look said she was exhausted, overwhelmed, and in need of a long rest. 

"Did she just pass out?" 

He wasn't a doctor, but it sure looked that way to him. "I think her dream took a lot out of her." 

"Why did she show me her stomach?" Megan inquired. 

"Because there's blood on it." 

Her brow furrowed, water still in hand. "What?" 

"There's blood dripping from her belly button," he repeated. "A needle probed her in her dream, and then she lifted her shirt back in bed to see blood trickling from there. It's fuckin' surreal." 
