 I want to thank SylviDoll and KiwiKnight for taking the time to edit this piece and all her suggestions. I did try and make all the changes hoping to make this story better than it was without them.****

During the week since I discovered my magic tablet, I had made a long list of things I wanted to try. Some were not what people would call moral - hell most of them weren't - but put yourself in my shoes. In a relationship that was lacking, living payday to almost the next payday and barely getting by. So, what would you do? You're damn right, you would do the same thing I was doing. You would enter a new relationship with a beauty who was out of your league and make her want you. You would figure out a way to make or have more money than you knew what to do with, and you would live the life you always dreamed of.

That was my plan, and Lisa was just the starting point. If you recall, I had already used the power of the tablet to get my house paid off. Now my next goals were to get myself the money I wanted, a vehicle worthy of my status, and to continue learning how to use my tablet for maximum satisfaction.

I picked up the tablet and started working on getting me a new vehicle. I didn't want to be too greedy at the start, so I wrote up this scenario:

I drove my old beater down to the Dodge dealership on the corner of 4th and Everton Avenue looking for a new Durango. I was approached by a salesman asking what I wanted in a vehicle. I informed him of my choices, and he said he had one he thought would match what I was looking for but it was last year's model. If I was interested, he could make me a sweet deal as it was scheduled to go to scrap if nobody bought it, even if there was nothing wrong with it and it was practically new.

I looked at the car and it fit what I wanted perfectly. He told me I could buy it for $10,000. This Durango had brown leather seats, satellite radio, navigation with controls on the steering wheel. This inside a sleek black paint job on this powerful SUV.

As we were finishing up the paperwork, a lady entered the cubicle and leaned over, whispering into the salesman's ear. This lady had red hair, stood about six foot in her heels and weighed perhaps one hundred and twenty-five pounds. She was wearing a slightly sheer cream blouse with what appeared to be a black bra under it. Her lower half was covered by a pencil skirt that came down just above her knees and hugged her ass like a second skin. Damn I wish I was that skirt. She stood back up, glanced at me, turned and walked back where she came from.

"That is our financing manager, Tabetha and she says she would like to visit when we are done."

"Okay. Wonder what about."

"She didn't say."

We finished the paperwork and he led me to the manager's office. She motioned me in and as the salesman left, she got up and closed and locked the door.

"Mr. Smith, I would like to help you out if you will help me."

"I will try."

"I can't pay your car note, because it would be caught by our manager, but I will add some more deductions that will bring the cost of the vehicle down by another three thousand dollars. So, you will get it for seven thousand, which brings your payments down to let's say two hundred a month."

"Why do you want to do this for me?"

"Because I want something in return."

"And that would be?"

"You. You see, I saw you out front and thought 'I want him', and I always get what I want." Lisa paused, staring out into the parking lot for a moment. "I also need a plus one for an event next weekend, and I want you to be that plus one..."

"Why me?"

"I don't know for sure, but something about you when I saw you clicked." Tabetha said as she blushed slightly.

"Besides the check what should I expect?"

"Toe-curling sex", she stated as her blush deepened.

"Been given that empty promise before."

Tabatha got up from her chair and slowly removed her clothing. She then sat on the edge of her desk, facing me with one leg up on it, and started fingering herself while staring me in the eyes. 

"I always deliver on my promises Mr. Smith."

"It looks like you do." I replied as I lowered my pants and underwear. Tabatha dropped from her desk and started giving me a very sloppy blow job, deep throating me with the ease of someone who had lots of practice.

There was so much drool, it was dripping off my balls onto the floor. Soon had me at the breaking point. I grabbed her head and held it in place as I pumped rope after rope of cum down her throat. Once she swallowed my cum, she helped me get my pants buttoned back up while still on her knees. "Do we have a deal?", she asked.

"I tell you what. I will need some help tomorrow. You have my address on my paperwork. Be there at nine in the morning. You will have your answer before you leave, which will be very late by the way."

Crazily enough, it played out just that way. After returning home I got out my wish list and scratched through "new vehicle". Then I added "threesome with Lisa and Tabetha". Now I had to write up another story on my three pages of tablet paper.

TBC