 Thanks to nchalada, wrc264, & albatrs89 for editing this series. 

***** 

Chapter 19 -- Megan's Turn. 

Megan stirred awake to find herself alone in bed. What time was it? Did she awake before Steve even had a chance to come to bed? Or maybe it was well into the afternoon, and she'd been asleep for half the day? The slivers of light peeking in from the shut curtain had her leaning toward the latter. 

Yeah, that must've been the case. It was the only explanation for why she was so thirsty. While her mind and body seemed like she'd been asleep for the past fourteen hours, her throat felt like it'd gone weeks without water. There was a desperation for fluids unlike anything she'd ever experienced. She needed water, and the speed with which she'd rolled out of bed and headed downstairs more than revealed her urgency. 

The stairs were darker than she'd expected—much darker. Perhaps it was still night-time. But it couldn't be. Light had been coming in through her bedroom window just moments ago. 

Thirsty. Wait, why does that sound familiar? Being thirsty correlates with something, doesn't it? Why are you coming up blank? It really must be the middle of the night. Why else does your brain lack the ability to answer the simplest of questions? 

Megan couldn't remember the last time she'd felt so foggy. Everything was a blur. Even the stairs were wobbly as she journeyed down the steps. There was a solution to this riddle of confusion, and it was located inside the refrigerator. A big, cold glass of water would clear whatever it was that had her brain working at less than one hundred percent. But there was an unmistakable light capturing her attention. There was a particular glow at the bottom of the stairs which could only be one thing. Even with her slightly fuzzy mind, there was no mistaking what she was seeing. 

The television was on. 

At least that explained where Steve was. Her boyfriend was enjoying a little TV in the otherwise dark family room. Her feet increased their pace as she hustled down the steps, eager to snuggle with the man in her life after she grabbed something to drink. Watching TV with her boyfriend was one of those relationship perks she sometimes took for granted. It was also something she'd not yet been able to enjoy with her new partner. That was about to change. 

The sole of her barefoot touched down on the hardwood floor as she asked, "Can't sleep?" 

Her trek to the kitchen briefly slowed. He really didn't answer her? That wasn't like Steve. Actually, come to think of it, she was the only one who'd used the childish silent treatment over the past few days. He was sitting on the sofa, the back of his thick head of hair visible as she grew closer to a much needed glass of water. There was little doubt what her first question would be once she poured herself a drink. It would involve attempting to find out where her boyfriend's manners were. 

Megan suddenly jumped. 

She knew this feeling from somewhere. It was eerily familiar. She was swiftly beamed back over a decade to when she used to spend weeks of her summer vacation in this very house. Megan was no longer in the dimly lit family room. Instead, she was with Aunt Carol. 

A sweltering heat filled the summer air while her eyes soaked in the nostalgic setting. The view of her aunt talking to a blonde-haired woman in the distance was sending chills down her spine. She'd been here before! She knew this place! This was the lady Aunt Carol would buy hamburger meat from, and the fence she was standing in front of wasn't a typical barrier: it was electric. 

That blonde woman's name was Faith, and the first thing she told her was not to touch the steel fencing which surrounded the grass-field a herd of cows were grazing in. Her eyes moved back to the fence where her fingers were just inches from the electrified wiring. Her hand was smaller. Her breasts had yet to mature. Megan was seeing everything through twenty-five-year-old eyes, but she was back in her prepubescent body. That also meant she knew what was coming next. 

Her index finger inched closer to the steel wire. Her actions were being fueled by youthful curiosity. It's funny to look back at herself all these years later. Twenty-five-year-old Megan wouldn't question orders not to touch something, but this younger version of herself just couldn't turn down the chance to find out what the big deal was. 

The strong electric shock caused her to loudly yelp and simultaneously jump several inches off the grass-covered ground. It was also the cause of Aunt Carol laughing harder than she even knew was possible. Apparently the sight of her helpless fingers uncontrollably twitching for hours was humorous in her aunt's world. 

That electricity sent through her body lingered for hours after first being exposed to the foreign sensation. It was one of those strange moments that never left her mind. It was also why she could identify the current tingling flowing through her blood. 

There was an invisible fence in the doorframe leading to the kitchen, and Megan had walked right into it. 

She immediately turned back to Steve. Even the king of pranks couldn't pull off something like this. Besides, the past few days had been weird enough. Practical jokes didn't have any place in their new life, so what else could this be? She certainly wasn't going to touch that hidden barrier again to find out. 

Everything stopped when she moved her attention to the couch. The light coming off from the television illuminated the place where Steve should've been sitting, but the current occupant didn't resemble her boyfriend in the least. That sexy head of brown hair was gone, all those muscles disappeared, and the whereabouts of the man she was madly in love with were unknown. 

Megan knew what she was staring at. It was what Steve had described, what Ariana claimed was real, and always the culprit of her excitement when she discovered they were the theme of the episode of The X-Files she was watching. Sitting on the sofa, staring at a television which was only broadcasting static, was a Grey. 

Water! This is why you came downstairs for water! Remember what Ariana told you at the kitchen table? About always being thirsty in her dreams, and heading to the kitchen only to find a Grey waiting for her. Steve had this dream, and now you're having it too! 

Her curiosity vanished in a heartbeat. Fear was the sole resident in her heart now. No part of her wanted to be moving closer to the couch, but that's exactly where her legs were carrying her. 

The frail-looking thing occupying her favorite piece of furniture had yet to look at her. This would've qualified as a comical scene a few weeks ago. This being was still staring straight-ahead at the TV—remote in hand. An alien watching TV? That was something out of a Hollywood comedy. This, however, was lacking the laughs of the big screen. 

Megan couldn't explain why she did it, but she took a seat right next to her nightmare. This thing had tormented her friend for five years, and was now invading her boyfriend's dreams as well. And was this currently a dream, or some kind of twisted reality? Maybe her previously untainted dreams had now been infected too. What if she wound up on that white table? The one where a needle descends from the ceiling and probes you? 

Her heart pounded and her limbs shook, but her lips remained sealed. Her cries for help went unheard in the silent house. The television didn't even make a sound. It was just her, whatever this thing really was, and an unimaginable amount of terror. 

A painfully slow turn of the Grey's head caused her to gasp. The pair of big black eyes staring into her soul was hellish. The grin on its little mouth held all the secrets: the answers to the mysteries from this week, the chaos Steve and Ariana had been put through, and what the hell was currently going on—were all located inside that frail frame. 

As slow as it turned its head to look at her, it was equally as methodical in rotating its neck back to gaze forward once again. A single click of the remote caused images to cover the formerly static-filled television, and just like when she was shocked while attempting to walk into the kitchen, it didn't take long for her to remember where she knew these pictures from. This one moment caused her to question everything. 

Images of cattle mutilations covered the screen. 

Click. 

An earthquake-ravaged city in ruins. 

Click. 

Doctors injecting small children with needles. 

Click. 

Massive tornadoes touching down in open fields. 

Click. 

Strange, modern structures in front of a scenic mountainous backdrop. 

Click. 

The screen was engulfed by a single portrait this time. Out of all the pictures she'd just been shown from the bulletin boards in the basement, this was by far the most troubling. It was strange, unsettling, and just so happened to give her goosebumps. The revelation of the proximity was what really creeped her out. 

Megan was staring at the same crop circle Ariana saw out of her bedroom window five years ago. 

The Grey was staring at her when she tore her eyes away from the screen. Someone needed to smack that condescending smirk of its face, but then again, maybe that wasn't the best idea. Ariana received a rather harsh punishment for her decision to fight back last night. The urge to physically stick up for her friends was still tempting though. 

Blood-curdling screams caused her to speedily turn back to the TV. There wasn't a click of the remote this time. The strange pictures had been telepathically replaced by a scene she'd heard all about over the past forty-eight hours. Everything was white with the exception of a trio of Greys standing to the sides of two tables, and there was no doubt who the cries that were piercing her ears belonged to. 

Two needles dug into the stomachs of her friends. Steve and Ariana were being probed, and the only thing she could do was sit and watch. Was this where her boyfriend really was? And was Ariana upstairs in bed, or being dissected in this mysterious room? She desperately needed to know if this was real. 

You can escape your dreams, can't you? She had the ability to wake up if this wasn't reality. Nothing could make her sit on the sofa and watch her family suffer. It was time to end this miserable experience. The sounds of Steve and Ariana howling in pain was something she didn't have an intention of further listening to, but in a similar fashion to how she'd ended up on the couch, Megan couldn't leave. Her butt was stuck in place. Her feet were trapped on the floor. The only function she still retained was the power to turn her head—right to where those big black eyes were waiting. 

You can do this. Open your mouth and end this nightmare! You'll wake up in the loving arms of your amazing boyfriend. Don't you want that? Do it, Megan! 

Why wouldn't her mouth open? Her dry, rough lips refused to part, and the pleas pouring from the television speakers were increasing with every passing second. Their agony sounded unbearable. Whether it was real or imaginary, she was responsible for this torment. 

The faintest of air slipped into her mouth. Yes! She did it! Her lips slightly separated, and now it was time for her vocal cords to get with the program. 

"Tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu..." 

She could see surprise in the Grey's previously expressionless eyes. This creature had doubted her vigor, and nothing would make her happier than to see shock sweep across its hideous face. She wasn't some helpless little girl to be taken advantage of. 

Come on! You're stronger than whatever's going on. A warm bed, a strong boyfriend, and an awesome best friend are all waiting for you once you wake up. Speak, girl! 

"Tu-tu-tu..." 

Megan channeled all of her strength and determination. She could do this. 

"Turn it off!" 

She suddenly bolted up in bed. How had she ended up back in her dark bedroom? And where was Steve? Her boyfriend's whereabouts had yet to be revealed, and the closed window curtains were still allowing in hints of light. There were so many questions to be answered, but she wasn't moving on until she discovered why it appeared to be night inside the house, but day outside the safety of their walls. 

Megan pushed the blankets away and headed to the window. Her hands swiftly parted the curtains, and the brightest white light she'd ever been exposed to almost knocked her on her butt. She felt like a deer standing in front of a pair of headlights. It was blinding—so blinding that it prevented her from thinking clearly. 

"Megan?" 

The light vanished. 

She spun to her rear at the sound of Steve's voice. He turned the end table lamp on and squinted his eyes in the process. Her rumblings had clearly stirred him awake. 

"What time is it?" he asked. 

Her eyes peered back out the window. There wasn't a light shining inside their bedroom. In fact, it was completely dead behind the now closed curtain. What in the world was she doing? 

The bedroom door was shut, the blankets on the mattress were straight and neat, and there wasn't a sign of any of her recent activity. Even her thirst was gone. This level of confusion was foreign territory for the blonde, and she found herself questioning what exactly had just happened. She was under the impression that her nightmare had ended when she bolted up in bed, so what was with that overpowering light still coming in through the window right before Steve spoke up? Or was that part of her dream as well? Wait, what if she was still dreaming? 

"It's three in the morning," Steve told her, checking his iPhone which had been only useful as an alarm clock since Monday. "What's going on?" 

How could she still be feeling that tingle of electricity on her skin? But that thing downstairs wasn't real. It was just a product of her imagination running wild. But then again, what if she was now experiencing the same terrors that Steve and Ariana had been exposed to? First things first: a little reality check. 

Megan jumped into bed and kissed the guy who had been rubbing his tired eyes just seconds ago. Moments later, she was being kissed back. It was a level of affection that a dream couldn't capture. The spark of their lips touching wasn't something you could replicate in a fictional reality. She was back where she belonged. Everything was warm and safe again. The most terrifying of illusions meant nothing if she had Steve to wake to. 

He pulled back from their embrace and asked, "Are you okay? Why were you staring at the curtain?" 

She reached across him and turned off the lamp. She told him, "I'll tell you tomorrow," before cuddling into his hold and floating off to a world of peaceful dreams. 

Chapter 20 -- Back to the Future. 

Friday Morning. 10:21 AM. 

"How many different ways can I possibly apologize?" 

Ariana ignored Steve's question as she continued her mission of unlocking this stupid laptop. Ninety minutes of unsuccessful biblical-themed password attempts had her extremely frustrated to begin with, so she wasn't exactly thrilled with Steve's decision to join her in the basement. Last night really rubbed her the wrong way. 

"I was only trying to show you that what we saw wasn't real," he explained. "I'm sorry if it came off as condescending or whatever, but that honestly wasn't my intention." 

It certainly didn't feel that way to her. In fact, last night was rather insulting. She knew what she saw. He saw it too! The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse were standing in their yard! Why was he so hardheaded when it came to anything out of the ordinary? He seriously dragged her outside to prove his point? Four billion men may have disappeared, but for some reason, Steve still refused to believe that something paranormal might be happening. 

She would kill to find a Bible somewhere in this home. And come to think of it, why didn't she have one back at her house? Every ounce of her Catholic knowledge had been exhausted trying to break into Mr. Timmons' computer, and the fatigue of constant failure was starting to get to her. How many times can you look at the words "incorrect password" before you snap? 

"You're not going to accept my apology then?" 

Ariana shot him a glare before turning back to the computer screen. She didn't have any plans of doing so. Was there a rule which stated she needed to be so forgiving all the time? Maybe refusing to accept his apology would help to prove a point. Perhaps it would cause him to stop and think the next time he just dismissed her opinion. It was like he wouldn't even consider the possibility of her being correct about any of this. 

He headed for the stairs, frustrated and surprised by Ariana's attitude. "Let Megan sleep in, by the way. She was acting a little weird this morning." 

Ariana's head immediately snapped to Steve. "What?" 

His eyebrows perked up at the sound of the little brunette who'd opened her mouth for the first time this morning. "Can we talk about what happened last night?" 

"What happened to Megan?" she asked, swiftly disregarding his question. "How was she acting weird?" 

"I really didn't mean to insult you last night. Just let me explain myself. Ariana—" 

"What happened to Megan?" she interrupted. "Oh my God, she didn't have a dream too, did she?" 

He still wasn't sure about that. The troubling part was it looked like there was a chance that may have been the case. What in the world was his girlfriend doing staring at a shut window curtain at three in the morning? 

"I don't know." 

Ariana's heart was pounding. "She did, didn't she? Tell me, Steve!" 

"I don't know if she did. We're going to talk about it when she wakes up." 

"What was strange then?" Ariana continued her onslaught of questions. "You said she was acting weird but you haven't actually mentioned any specifics." 

This was only going to complicate things further, wasn't it? Time to find out. "I woke up at 3 AM to see Megan staring at the curtain on our window. She seemed confused when I tried to find out what she was doing. Like, she didn't know how she'd ended up there. I'm not saying—" 

Ariana frantically cut in, "She's having dreams too! Oh my God!" 

"We don't know that." 

His never-ending levelheaded act was getting old. She was ready for him to jump on board the conspiracy train. "She's out of bed at three in the morning, confused as to how she ended up there, and you don't think that sounds familiar?" 

"But I woke up in bed after it happened to me," he told her. "You did to. We weren't staring at a window or anything." 

"You know what I'm talking about! Jesus Christ, Steve! Stop looking at everything with blinders on!" 

Ariana was fed up. You know what? It was time to change roles. Let's see how Steve liked it when the shoe was on the other foot. 

She stood up and approached him, grabbing him by the hand as she led him upstairs—her ponytail bouncing the whole way. His inquires as to where they were going went unanswered. There was a certain something which had been on her mind all morning. How hadn't she noticed it before? Heck, how hadn't Steve picked up on it? She couldn't tell if the stress from this week was to blame or if something had prevented her from thinking straight, but she was feeling like quite the idiot at the moment. 

"Where's the gun?" 

Steve answered, "Kitchen table," as they stepped foot in the family room. "Where are we going?" 

She was too busy pulling him into the kitchen to reveal that piece of information. In a way, this was kind of cool. It was nice to be the one in charge. Being a know-it-all wasn't the worst thing in the world, and a little slice of revenge certainly didn't hurt. Rubbing his nose in this was going to be awfully sweet. 
