 Shadows swept over the ancient dilapidated building as the cool spring breeze sent chills down her spine. She had wandered through this land, naked and alone, desperately seeking assistance. Clutching a small azure vile to her bosom, her icy hues would dart about the eerily silent establishment. Every now and then, her peripheral vision would play upon her imagination. The shadows of decaying walls seemed to maintain a life of their own, as that blood red sunset filled her surroundings with new levels of menace.

The world was changing. What she used to accept as decency innate to humanity now seemed to be possessed by a select few. What she clutched was far more precious today than it had been in years before. Fifteen generations had come and passed as she remained its sober guardian. Yet only now had she felt such weakness and dread. A monster had been born to this world, one far more determined than those that had maintained dominion in the past. With each passing day he spread his perverse luminance reshaping the shadows that had once defined the world. As for those of us that harbored the true light against him...our fate was far worse.

She would shudder slightly as she looked downwards. Upon her foot, she could feel the slightest tendril of something icy and unnatural. By the time her vision could adjust to make better sense of what was happening, she felt herself being thrust downward towards the earth. Her hand would clutch that vile tightly, protecting it from the fall, but in the process her body would take a large amount of abuse from the stone filled floor.

Taking in a sharp breath she would focus upon that cold substance as it wrapped around her body, as if it was a second skin. She could feel all the warmth exit her body, pain and shock momentarily isolating her from the outside world. As if by instinct, she would open that vile ever so slightly letting some of the substance fall upon the shadow creature. It would rather rapidly withdraw from her form, attempting to remove the substance from its body.

"Come out you scoundrel! You cannot hide behind your little pets forever!" Her voice was melodious, just passion, and rage only adding to the angelic beauty. Resealing that substance she would shudder, feeling her body adjust back to the warmth of the outside world. Her nipples still stood hard and erect, as her long blonde hair would be cast about by the passing winds.

"This is certainly an exercise in futility," echoed that familiar, emotionless voice. It had not been her first meeting with this being, the one they called Venroth. Yet she certainly hoped it would be her last. He would continue; "Now you treacherous bitch, either give me what you guard and I will allow you your freedom, or I will subjugate both you and your precious concoction."

She spat at him, "If you think I would sacrifice an untold number of lives simply to protect my own, than you are far more dense than I gave you credit." She would look into his eyes with transcendent hatred. She could not let this being have what she possessed. If she could not defeat him, than she would at the very least derail his plans. "Stay back or I will destroy it."

He would smile at her shaking his head. "Spoken like a true martyr M'lady Vanessa. If you wish to cling to your zealotry then so be it. It is so much more fun to do it this way anyways." He would take a step forward, yet even as he moved, he watched her hand foolishly erupt in white flame, eradicating the azure colored vile. He would give her a look of disgust. "Fool. There is more than one way to extract the knowledge that I need. You were not only entrusted with the substance itself after all."

And in a cacophony of screams and a flash of that ethereal white he claimed what he needed.

. . .

In that perpetual darkness, the two worked upon his creation. His hand would rest upon her shoulders, his lips upon her neck. Her own hands would move through the cauldron before her, shaping the mixture to his desired intent. Brushing that lovely silken blonde hair out of the way he would begin to nip at her shoulder, as his hands would move downwards beginning to tweak her erect nipples, and squeeze her massive bust. She would moan, continuing to work despite the fact that she felt herself growing wet, and flushed with desire.

"Yes my love let it flow from you. It was a clever device to hide the secret not within your mind, but within your body. Perhaps it might have gone undiscovered if the vessel had not been a creature of such physical perfection." He would muse into her ear as she continued to moan and writhe under his touch. Leading her erect breasts over the vessel, he would begin to pinch, watching as that azure colored liquid would begin to lactate from her.

"Mmm...yes master. This girl is happy to provide master with anything and everything that he needs. Just please do not stop..." She would moan out to him as he continued to milk those impressive breasts into the creation. Already it was beginning to take on a purplish color, pinkish smoke billowing upwards into the air around them. A powerful aphrodisiac without even being consumed, he could feel his erect cock begin to stiffen between her soft thighs. Rubbing her thighs up and down upon it she would smile. "Please master...I need my release."

He would smack her ass gently. "Beg for it then." It would be hours before it would reach full potency but already he could feel its effects. By the end of the week he would be the sole owner of both the mightiest plague to ever be concocted, and the only vaccine that protected against its dangers. He had this little vixen to thank for it, and he would give her more than she deserved for so wittingly assisting him.

"Master, your big breasted lactating slut needs her big cock. Please give it to me over and over again. I need it so fucking bad." She would cry at him as she would continue to breathe in those heavy vapors. Already she could feel herself beginning to sweat, her pheromones being altered by the nature of the plague. She was becoming irresistible to him, and he to her. "God this girl was such a dumb whore for ever resisting you. Your toy should have given everything to you willingly from the start. You are the source of all pleasure and this slut is thankful that master has enlightened her."

"Mmm yeah? Well, since you've learned your lesson than I guess it's alright that I give you what you most desire." He would say rubbing her breasts and milking her once again over the cauldron. Suddenly he would begin to thrust into her fucking her with each squeeze. She would cry out in pleasure as he would begin to delve deep within her.

"Oh god yes!" She would scream as she would dip her hand into the boiling potion. In a scream of pleasure and pain she would ingest it, her pupils instantly dilating. As he would continue to milk her, the contents of her breast milk would begin to take the same color as the potion before her, a light mixture of pink and purple. She would continue to moan and cry out, her breasts and ass becoming even larger, as the effects of the plague began to take hold of her. "This girl wishes to be the vessel of your desires, let your whore be the fount of your new world order!"

"That's right bitch, take it all into you. Soon you will carry my seed as well." He said, as he would lift her into the air. She was no longer simply a divine beauty. She had become something of an incarnation of tantalizing sexuality. Her hair had become platinum in color, her eyes a light silver instead of that icy blue. Her nipples had become large and hard as diamonds, and her lips full and pure. Her skin would become tan, compared to that former pale white, and her sweat would become more like natural oil, glistening and scented with that same aphrodisiac scent. Her body had become lighter, yet more shapely, her limbs more flexible and her pussy unimaginably tight around his enormous manhood.

He would carry her, fucking her like a beast possessed. Suddenly he would bring her down to the ground continuing to fuck her doggy as she rested upon her strong hands and knees. They would continue shifting in mindless sexual bliss loosing track of time and space as their hearts raced together. Inevitably after hours passed, and her constant orgasms reached a final unimaginable peak, he would spill his seed within her.

Rubbing her tight stomach he would smile. "You will be known as Divine. You will carry the contents of the destiny of my world and you will be the first to bear me child. The child will be female and she will be the harbinger of our plague; a princess and a Goddess to rule over the erotic in the world to come."

"This girl is Divine, as you bid my Master."