 The stone floor beneath him felt like ice to his flesh. Stripped of his weapons and clothing he was isolated within this room bereft of light and heat for what felt like weeks. It was a strange feeling to be so utterly trapped, one that he was not accustomed to. He had not lost his calm yet, despite the severity of the situation. He had mapped every square inch of his tomb, yet save for a narrow tunnel for the circulation of air, there was no tangible routes of escape. Upon his neck lay a small metallic sphere, tied about by a tight metallic chain. Every attempt to remove it forced it to tighten ever so slightly. It had a clear effect on his ability to manipulate the world around him. Without his weapon there was little he could do to remove it. Still, the mere fact that he remained alive served to tell him that they had made no headway in removing the weapon from its sheath. As long as the weapon remained, and as long as its secrets remained his alone, then he was safe. Until then he would simply bide his time.

Time continued to pass, he did not know how much however. Each passing second became harder and harder to keep track of. Wandering his own thoughts kept him occupied, but his nerves were beginning to wear. Within his mind, he went over and over how this came to pass. Vendettas against men of his history were not uncommon, yet he had never imagined that someone would go to such lengths to capture him. The plan was meticulous, it must have taken years to fully implement. To have kept his minions off his scent for so long must have also taken skill. Yet it was only a matter of time before they found him. They were bound to him after all, and such bonds are not easily undone.

His eyes would suddenly close shut as light filled the room. Seemingly from nowhere she entered, backed by two of her most trusted guards. "Enjoying your stay I hope M'lord." She said with a sneer, her hands moving to his face and gripping it tightly. Those clawed fingernails would pierce the flesh of his cheeks, drawing a slight amount of blood, yet even as she pulled away the wounds would heal leaving only the crimson liquid. "The great Lord Venroth brought to his knees. Did you think that you would have gotten away with what you have done? Not enough to just kill my mate was it. Not enough to destroy my clan. No you had to take my sister as well." She would bear her fangs at him, both mirth and disgust in her eyes. As he began to adjust to the light he would see her more clearly. The distinct mixture of vampiric and demonic features was easily detectable. Her raven black hair would fall to her buttocks, as eyes of a blood red color would fall upon him.

"Well Lilith, what a pleasant surprise it is to see you are still well." He would grin up towards her, that soft condescending laughter echoing outwards. "It is amusing that you have gone out of your way to bring yourself to my attention. What did you hope to gain by this clever little plan? Did you think that you would punish me by isolating me like this? I certainly hope that you didn't think a pathetic creature like you could kill me."

"Silence!" she growled at him as she moved towards him once again. With her superior strength she would lift him upwards into air by the throat. Still despite her efforts that laughter still came outwards. "You narcissistic little worm. This is not a game, and you certainly will die long before your pets can rescue you. Even as we speak, the best minds in my thrall are deciphering what they can of that weapon. Soon they will know both how to remove it from its casing, and how to finally destroy it."

"Well, I certainly hope for your sake that you are right. Because if I get out of here alive, you will enter a hell like nothing you have ever experienced before." She would let him fall as he spoke moving away shaking her head.

"Enjoy your fantasies of escape, for I will never allow them to come to fruition." She spat at him, her lean figure standing over him. "I would crush you right now if it were not for your perverse sword. To think that so many great beings have fallen to a petty little sorcerer like yourself because of your disgusting disregard for the laws to which we are all bound. My husband might have been a monster, but at least he was a real man, unlike you pathetic little insect."

"I will enjoy showing you what a real man is. However, since your curiosity seems lacking, it would be best if we end our discussion right here. Why don't you take your two little stuffed animals and leave me be." He said with a sneer of his own, his hands coming to rest comfortably behind his head. He would watch her give him an icy look before turning away. He would marvel at her delectable rear as she slowly vacated his room, the exit soundlessly sealing behind her.

...

It did not take long alone in that lightless room for his curiosity to get the better of him. He had watched closely to see exactly how the mechanism that sealed the door had worked. It certainly was controlled from the other side, yet even with his limited magical ability, he might still have a chance to force it ajar. Fingers would play upon the stone surface as his mind would go blank. He would focus upon the structure about him, drawing upon its own recourses to feed his spell. His muscles would twitch as his focus would reach its limit. In that moment he would release the door, yet at the same time the magical backlash would cause his nose to bleed profusely, and his head to real. Cursing under his breath he would stand staggering slightly as he made his way into the light.

By the time his eyes had adjusted to the world about him, his nose had ceased bleeding. Still he felt drained and more constricted then before. He needed to remove the sphere and the chain, yet to do so he would need more than simply his bare hands. In the distance he would spot another of the vampire guards. Without much of his magical ability available, he would need to rely on stealth. Luckily his body was trained physically for a situation like this. Venroth stalked the guard so silently, that even his inhuman perception could not alert him to Venroth's presence. Venroth's hand collided with the vampire's throat, lifting him into the air. He would squeeze tightly, before jerking it roughly to the right breaking the neck. Unfortunately, the guard remained alive and was able to send a blow to Venroth's cheek sending him falling backwards.

The guard would fall upon Venroth sinking his teeth into his exposed arm. Yet as the mage removed his flesh from the vampires teeth, the wound would heal. Still wrestling with the ancient being before him, Venroth knew that he was not going to be able to take him down by brute force alone.

The guard would begin to send volley after volley of punches to Venroth's face, pushing him into the wall behind him. Venroth would begin to fall backwards, his body succumbing to the brutal assault. He would slide down the wall, the guard kicking him again and again, attempting to relieve him of consciousness. Venroth's eyes would begin to close, and he would begin to go limp. The guard however would continue kicking him, far gone in his barbaric desire to pummel the magical being before him into the dirt.

Very suddenly Venroth's eyes would open and catching the vampire off his guard, would draw the man's own sword and use it to remove his head from his body. Where a broken neck was not enough, a severed head did the job. The vampire's eyes would go dead, and his body would fall to the floor. Venroth knew that the death of a member of her clan would alert Lilith. Moving quickly he would use the weapon in his hand to sever the chain, and remove the magical binds. His abilities having been returned, he would wave a hand, his body being covered in that ethereal white light. Soon enough the light would fade, leaving him dressed within a midnight gray cloak. A second motion of his hand and he would fade from that corridor, being inexorably drawn to his captive sword.

. . .

He would come upon her standing over his sheathed blade. She was surrounded by her fully assembled clan, a total of twenty vampiric demons. She smiled coyly at Venroth, he hands taking up the sheathed blade. "It seems that I have underestimated you insect. That however does not mean that you have sucee-" She was cut off midsentence as she felt his fist connect with her jaw, shattering it in one blow. He would catch his weapon and in one smooth motion would release it from its sheath. In that very same moment the world about them seemed to come to a grinding halt, as the sounds of a countless multitude crying in unison filled the space about them.

The vampires would each clutch their ears, yet Venroth would not stop moving. His weapon would move fluidly through the first being face, his body bursting in a flash of that ethereal white. As they in turn would move upon him, he would dispatch them all in a flurry of expert strokes, leaving the room coated in their blood, his light like venom, surging through their now wholly dead flesh. It did not take long for him to whittle her assemblage down to naught. He would stare downwards upon her as she clutched her shattered face.

"Welcome to hell." was the last thing she heard before she felt that weapon pierce her bosom. After that all would fade to white.

. . .

She felt hands upon her delicate flesh. A soft melodious voice would fill her ears as she let her eyes fall upon that familiar, yet strangely different, female form. "Welcome to Eden my beloved sister." She felt her sister's hands upon her large, soft breasts. "It is good that you have finally joined us Lilith, when master said he had brought you home, this girl was overjoyed."

"Where is master?" Lilith would smile asking her younger sister. A soft giggle would echo from her lips as she saw her master exit a nearby pool, his body still soaking in the warm water. "Hello master. Have you come to take your beloved new pet?"

Venroth would near the two of them, kissing Eve passionately, before putting his finger deep into Lilith's now virgin pussy. She would moan as he would nibble upon her neck. "Yes my little fuck slut. It is time for both your initiation and your impregnation. Today you two sisters will bear my children. You will each produce for me an heir. The day of my ascension is coming, and upon that day this Eden will become the heart of the new world. On that day I must have my queens. You two will be chief among all that is mine, and your sons will manage my domain. Now upon your knees, service your master!"

It did not take more than this decree for the two whore queens to begin to put their luscious lips all over his swollen member. Deep within each of their minds, they were disgusted to so willingly service this man, to have their breasts press up against their own sisters soft melons, surrounding Venroth's cock in a fleshy sheath. To make out so wantonly with one another filled them with revulsion...yet the magic that bound them also forced them to enjoy the perverse pleasure even at the deepest of levels. At the most superficial of levels they were overjoyed to lick and suck upon his phallus. The musky taste and feel of his leather head sent chills down their spines.

Suddenly he would push them away. Motioning for Eve to move to her hands and knees, and for Lilith to open her pussy to Eve's willing tongue, he would position himself at the entrance to his woman and would begin to pound deep into her tight, youthful snatch. Her moans would fill the air for but a moment, before she would begin to lick feverishly upon her sister's clit. It was Lilith's turn to moan, her body beginning to convulse under her sisters expert touch.

Venroth's massive cock would continue to abuse Eve's tight body, as his hands would move to squeeze her large swaying tits. He became more violent with each thrust, causing her to become wild and frantic. Meanwhile Eve's tongue was having a similar effect deep within Lilith's virgin cunt. She would experience that rather intense orgasm her, cream falling all over Eve's face. Almost in unison Venroth and Eve would orgasm together, his massive load filling her up.

Eve would fall in a puddle of her own sweat, some of her master's cum exiting her exposed snatch. Lilith mean while would look up at her master with needy eyes. Without a moments delay his cock would return to its former hardness as he moved towards her. Without even shifting her body he would take her. It was not as brutal a conquest as when he had taken her sister before her, but it certainly was rough. He did not let her falter, enjoying her every cry of pain, and her every scream of pleasure. As he fucked her tight body into submission with that jack hammer of a cock, she realized how glad she was that she had failed. To have forfeited the ability to ever have such a delight would have been the worst mistake she could have ever made.

"Oh god Master! Fuck this slave into submission! Use that godly hammer to smite my nasty little cunt!" She would scream at him as she would move her hands to squeeze her large breasts together. In a cry of sudden and orgasmic passion she climaxed, forcing him too to spill his seed within her. She would moan, moving upwards and clinging to him with her hot, tight, sweaty body. "Thank you so much master. This girl is honored and privileged to mother your child."

He smiled as he pulled out of her. Bringing the two of them to his body. The three would cuddle silently under the bright afternoon sun.