 It was a crystal clear late September afternoon at the Bellagio pool in Las Vegas. Victoria always had her best trips to Vegas in the late summer. The unbearable heat had passed, the crowds thinned out, and best of all, it was her birthday week. It was a relatively new tradition to spend the last week of September gambling and partying, laying in the sun and relaxing, but it was a tradition she expected would last a very long time. Vegas always swept away the troubles of the real world. Anything was bearable as long as she had this week to herself. No time pressures, no commitments, no clients.

Victoria found a quiet spot beside the main pool. The Mediterranean inspired courtyard with its tall and slender evergreens and cypress trees was a serene setting. The foliage was thick and lush and potted flowers were abounded. The intricate pattern of the tiled pool with azure waters was a paradise in the desert, an oasis fit for royalty. It had an exotic and romantic allure. Victoria loved it; who wouldn't?

As she was removing her ultra-airy sheer white cover-up, a gorgeous twenty something waitress appeared smiling and saying, "Anything I can do to help. I'll set your bag right here. My name is Amanda."

"Hi Amanda, thanks. Wow, what a day."

"It's been a great summer and it's finally cooling down. We've had months of hundred degree weather. Can I get you something to drink?"

"I would love one. How about a Buenos Aires Iced Tea."

"Great choice, I'll be right back." Amanda bounced off, her heavy boobs barely contained in a tiny halter top. The double-tie bikini bottom was very complementary.

Victoria flashed an approving smile and settled into her wrought-iron chaise lounge. She put her long auburn hair in a loose ponytail, adjusted her bikini, and surveyed her surroundings. The pool area was lively but not overly crowded. Classical music filled the air. A light breeze gently swayed the trees. There was a group of college guys on the other side of the pool drinking and having a good time. There was a cute couple fawning over each other in the corner. An older guy was sitting next to his hard-bodied plaything. "The beautiful people," thought Victoria to herself.

"Here you go," said Amanda. "Are you having a good time in Vegas?"

"I love Vegas. By the way, my name is Victoria," she said, extending her hand forward. Even though she was on vacation, the businesswoman in her came out. It's no wonder; she was the top salesperson on the East Coast. Besides being personable and friendly, Victoria was gorgeous. Her pouty lips and deep brown eyes exuded sexiness, but she didn't come off as high maintenance. Her demeanor was unarming. She made an immediate connection with almost everyone she met. She was like the hot girl next-door. 

"Where are you from?" asked Amanda pleasantly.

"New York City. I'm an advertising sales executive. But I'm trying to forget all of that while I'm here. This week I'm just plain old Vicky, here for the sun and fun."

"Okay, not another word about work. I'll be here until the pool closes. I'll stop back when it looks like your drink needs refreshing."

Victoria dug through her bag and extracted her Kindle. She'd been reading an interesting historical romance about a Spartacus-like warrior with unparalleled sexual prowess. It wasn't very taxing, but it was a real page turner. It was easy to pick up where she had left off. After twenty minutes, she looked up and saw Amanda heading her way. Perfect timing, she needed another poolside cocktail.

Amanda was chatty but Victoria didn't mind. She found out that Amanda was from a small town between Baton Rouge and New Orleans. Victoria had recently closed a sale down there, and it was fodder for an interesting conversation.

"Any good casino stories," asked Amanda. "Have you been lucky?"

Victoria removed her big sunnys, smiled and said "Last night I won $1200 on a nickel Zeus slot machine. My screen filled up with 15 Zeuses. It was a blast. I can't get it off my mind. I keep replaying it in my head. I feel like I'm having a love affair with a Greek God. Have you ever played that game?"

"Zeus is my favorite video slot. He's never that good to me though."

"And then later in the evening, I hit the jackpot on Cleopatra. By the end of the night I was up by $2700. There is nothing like the thrill of winning. I can't quite explain it. It's so freaking exciting. It's like this drug that makes you ecstatic and horny and satisfied and everything all at once. Listen to me; even now I'm getting all whipped up."

"I know what you mean. Last week I hit for $800 on a game called Sun and Moon. Have you ever played that one?" Amanda had removed her sunglasses and was sitting in the chaise next to Victoria. Within a few minutes, the two girls made plans to get together Saturday night. Amanda was going to take Victoria to one of the Vegas local hangouts. "How about another drink?"

"The pool looks inviting. I'm going to take a quick dip and cool off," said Victoria. "I think I'll have a vodka Mojito. Could you also bring me some chips and guacamole? I'm starving."

"I'll be right back," said Amanda as she watched Victoria walk toward the pool. She couldn't help admiring her perfect tan and sexy ass. Amanda wasn't in the girls, but if she were, Victoria would make a hell of a lay. Amanda felt flush; she wasn't sure if it was talk about the slot machines, the afternoon heat, or something else.

Victoria enjoyed her Mojito and guac and put her book down. She stretched out on the lounge chair, rolled up a towel to use as a pillow, closed her eyes, and let her mind wander. The combination of sun, alcohol, and an exciting week, lulled her to sleep. A vivid dream quickly consumed her.

*****

She pushed the button on the Zeus slot machine and the first reel came up with a thunderbolt, the second reel and then the third reel also had thunderbolts. Her excitement was building. Three thunderbolts results in 10 free games. As if in slow motion, the fourth reel revealed a thunderbolt - 25 free spins. Holy shit, thought Victoria, one more and I'll have 100 free spins. And there it was, the fifth and final thunderbolt. 100 free spins! Victoria screamed with joy. She couldn't wait for her free games to begin. But nothing happened. "That's curious," thought Victoria. 

Then unexpectedly and magically, Zeus appeared as a hologram directly in front of her. "What's going on?" wondered Victoria.

Without saying a word, Zeus extended his hand toward Victoria and urged her to grab it. In a confused and dazed state, Victoria complied. Instantaneously, they were transported through time and space to a palace at the top of Mount Olympus. 

Zeus looked exactly like Victoria had pictured him: full head of white wavy hair, a matching curly white beard, magnetic and piercing blue eyes, thick eyebrows, rippling pectorals and broad shoulders, well-defined biceps and triceps and massive hands. 

Sage-like, with a serious expression, Zeus bellowed, "Welcome Victoria. I am Zeus, the God of sky and thunder, and the father of all gods and men. You've heard of my children, Athena, Apollo, Artemis, Hermes, Perseus, Hercules, Helen of Troy. I am also the father of Aphrodite, the goddess of love and beauty, the goddess of pleasure and procreation. Welcome to my abode. What can I do for you?"

Victoria was speechless. Zeus was her hero, Zeus was her secret lover, Zeus was everything. "I, ..., I... want you. I want to be consumed by you. I want to be with you. I want to make love to you."

Within moments, Victoria was ushered into a palatial bedroom. Three topless female servants were lined against the wall. The prettiest of the servants took Victoria by the hand and guided her to the bed. "My name is Lavinia. Zoe, Sopperia and I will prepare you and make you presentable to the greatest of all gods, Zeus. His Majesty will observe the proceedings from his throne."

The three servants slowly disrobed Victoria and commented among themselves that Zeus would be pleased. Victoria's beauty and desirability was obvious. Zoe retrieved the basin from the bureau and handed sponges to Lavinia and Sopperia. Carefully and meticulously they bathed Victoria. They giggled as they slowly massaged between Victoria's legs.

"Ladies, that feels very good. If your intention is to get me excited for Zeus, it's working," said Victoria weakly. Zoe and Sopperia stopped giggling, and each took one of Victoria's breasts in their mouth and lustfully and hungrily sucked her tits.

The two servants broke off and kissed each other, fondling each other's breasts, looking longingly into each other's eyes. Lavinia continued fondling Victoria and slowly led her to the bed. She gently pushed Victoria's legs open and worked her way to Victoria smoldering spot. She licked her slit and darted her tongue rapidly in and out. Victoria's moans of pleasure spoke volumes. Lavinia simultaneously licked Victoria's pussy and played with her own, driving her fingers in and out with intermittent circular rotations of her clit. 

Zeus stepped off his throne. Lavinia stopped with Victoria and removed Zeus's robe and immediately dropped to her knees, taking his semi-erect penis into her mouth. Zeus's response was immediate. His king-sized cock was a site for Victoria's hungry eyes. Zeus moved closer and Victoria's lips replaced Lavinia's. She wrapped both hands around his cock and guided it expertly, filling her mouth completely. She looked up into his eyes begging for approval.

With Victoria on her knees, Sopperia moved behind her and rubbed her ass, kissing her pussy and easing in her middle finger. Zeus smiled. Sopperia licked her fingers and drilled deeper. Victoria was now properly prepared to receive his Lordship.

The servants led her to his gigantic, pillow-filled bed and silently instructed her to lie on her back, spread her legs, and receive their master's blessing. Zeus eased his length into her, tentative at first, but soon driving with full vigor. Victoria bit her lower lip and enjoyed his godly pleasures.

Lavinia, Zoe and Sopperia returned to their position along the wall and watched intently. Their job was done. Zeus went down on Victoria. His beard was scratchy and he wasn't delicate like the women, but Victoria loved the rough handling. She grabbed her tits and pulled her nipples aggressively.

Zeus positioned himself in front of Victoria and she guided him into her quivering cunt. His omnipresence was divine. Victoria found her swollen nub and rubbed intently. Zeus's pace increased rapidly but then he unexpectedly flipped Victoria over and mounted her from behind. Victoria's head was spinning; groans of pleasure escaped. He teasingly removed his cock, making her beg again, "Please don't stop, PLEASE."

Zeus rolled over and commanded Victoria to mount him. She drove up and down, arching her back and moving her hips, optimizing their mutual pleasure. She fucked hard and fast, pushing him backward and leaning into him, kissing wildly. They exchange glances, and for a brief moment, they were complete equals. 

But the moment faded fast and Zeus again put Victoria on her back, taking control. The culmination of their efforts was building. Zeus's colossal cock released his magical elixir. Victoria's pulsing was no match for Zeus's throbbing. Victoria milked every ounce of pleasure out of him. She was complete. Nothing, or no one, would ever match, would ever compare to the depths of her satisfaction.

Zeus nonchalantly exited left. Victoria sank into a deep slumber.

*****

"Victoria... Victoria..., the pool is closing in 15 minutes," said Amber tentatively. "Can I bring you anything else."

Victoria slowly came to her senses and removed her sunglasses. The fog was lifting but she had the strange sensation of a tingling thingy and her nipples were hard, obviously poking through her bikini top. She hoped Amber didn't notice and said in a flustered tone, "I must have dozed off."

Amber did notice and she also noticed that Victoria's bikini bottom was slightly pushed to one side. "Yeah, you looked zonked out. I didn't mean to startle you."

"I had the strangest dream," said Victoria. "That video slot machine, Zeus, must've been stuck in my mind. It was unearthly."

"Did you win another big jackpot? I bet you got 100 free spins or something like that."

"I had free spins all right. It was crazy. It was crazy good. I'll tell you about it some time," said Victoria, her confidence returning. "We're still going out Saturday night, right? Maybe I'll tell you then."

"I can't wait. My boyfriend and I will pick you up in front of the hotel at about 10 PM. Sound good? I've got about an hour worth of work to do before my shift ends. I better get going."

"Okay, I'm so glad we met. See you tomorrow night."