 Vanessa operated her scanner, watching a holographic display map out the surrounding terrain. She sighed. Another day, another survey. She couldn't wait to get off this planet, off this job. Come to Venus they said, a jewel among the stars they said!

It didn't take her long to find out that Venus was the butterface planet of the solar system, pretty from afar, a complete hag up close. Sulfuric rain, oppressive heat, and jagged rocks to break down the rovers at every turn while horrific storms threatened to ragdoll anyone who wasn't wearing the right boots. At least the pay was good. She figured she could settle down and start a family once the company had finished terraforming the place.

As she finished up with her work, the sun peaked through the clouds for a moment, illuminating her kneeling form like a shining diamond in an ocean of rust, her skin-tight reflective suit doing its best to mitigate the heat. If she could find the silver lining in this job, it would be that the sweaty work and scalding heat had made her body lean and sleek. Her breasts were upturned and athletic, reflective globes that were just as eager as her to burst free from the restrictive confines of the suit.

She folded her scanner up, moving towards her rover as she saw the silhouette of her partner, Karla, wave to her through swirling dust clouds. She too had finished her scanning duties and headed for their land vehicle, its exterior pitted and muddied from the elements. Vanessa hopped into the passenger seat, sighing as she closed her eyes, relishing the end of the day.

Karla got in soon after, ready to pilot the creaking, grinding mess that was their transport. "Whew! What a day...can't wait to get some chow."

Vanessa nodded tiredly. "Yeah...some clam chowder would do me some good right now, or a milkshake. Feels hotter today." Karla ignited the engine, a loud blast signifying it had come to life once more before lurching into action as they drove back to base. 

Karla spared a brief look of sympathy to her partner. "Oh...about that. All solid state meals got diverted to the boys breakin rocks on Mars."

"Fuckers."

"Yeah corporate always gets the good shit." All Venus operations were seen as the red headed step child in importance to the rest of the solar system, the other worlds getting the best rations and using hovercraft for transportation. The fruit of the company's low standards was just about to be reaped in full.

"Oh shit!" shouted Karla as one of the wheels on the rover blew out, sending them careening into a craggy valley of rock, the front windshield exploding in a shower of glass as the harsh atmosphere flooded into the cabin. The two women bailed out of the skidding hunk of metal before it crashed into a pillar of rock, as a tall, exploding plume of flame heralded its end.

Vanessa looked at the wreckage, flames reflecting off her visor. "Well...shit. How far are we from base?"

"Four hours."

"And we've got one hour of oxygen..." Vanessa looked up into the sky as Karla called for help. "Why? Why do you hate me?" The swirling yellow clouds looked down on her, and for a moment she could have sworn she saw a face within.

"No signal!" said Karla.

Vanessa shook her head. "Come on, we might get a better signal above." The two trudged up the hill, leaving behind the rocky valley. Once out of the crash site, the two braced down from the blustering winds, now more intense without any rocks to crash against.

They scrambled across the thundering, toxic surface, looking for any refuge as their oxygen supply dwindled with every passing moment. Karla hooted with glee, her voice filled with joy as she pulled up her scanner. "Vanessa, there's a cave here, it has just the right levels of oxygen and nitrogen, we can hold out, wait for retrieval!"

Vanessa thought that was bizarre. There had been no caves recorded in this area, and that a cave just simply had the right conditions for survival struck her as too good to be true. "That doesn't even make any sense!"

"Who cares!" screamed Karla over the howling winds. "It's the only chance we've got!"

Vanessa shrugged, her partner was right, but still kept her wits about her, something wasn't adding up. "Let's go!" She charged up her plasma weapon, ready for anything.

Both of the explorers slid down the rocky hole, moving far enough into the cave where the oxygen was thick enough to take off their helmets. A hissing sound accompanied their removal, and the first thing the girl's noticed was not the elegant, alien plants that hung from the ceiling, but rather how pleasant the place smelled.

It smelled like fresh roses mixed with the smell of rain after a thunderstorm. For Vanessa, she was able to detect something that smelled like the musky aroma of sex. The two tread deep into the cavern, the illuminators on their suits burning through the haze with intense beams of light.

Water dripped from stalactites as a ruddy mist wafted around their legs, the walls coated with bio luminescent fungus, glowing lush lavender on one wall, vibrant gold on another. The two explorers were careful not to touch any of the plants, being well versed in safety protocols.

Karla had an antennae extended from her wrist, emitting low beeps as it tried to lock on a signal from outside. "Got it!" She stood up on a rock, raising her transmitter as high as she could before speaking into her comms array. "Relay 1138 this is Wild Horse, requesting emergency pick-up. Forwarding coordinates now."

Vanessa was squatting down, waving away the mist as Karla rattled off her situation to their superiors. Exploration protocols forbade touching of plants, but said nothing of touching rock formations. As the mist cleared away from the lower wall, it revealed ancient hieroglyphs, indecipherable except for various images of strange women.

She traced her finger around the hypersexual curves of the women, all of them endowed with absurd hourglass shapes, while some had developed impossibly large clitorises, acting as some sort of phallus as they mounted other, normally proportioned women. Could it be? A lost civilization of alien hermaphrodites? She scratched her head, technically they weren't hermaphrodites if they didn't have the male equipment, but it still intrigued her how these creatures had adapted female biology for male functions. Oddly she could only see various scenes of fornication and coupling, no other forms of culture present besides an obsession for sex. It was as if it was all they lived for.

"Roger that Wild Horse, ETA on pick-up is three hours. Command out." squawked Karla's receiver, breaking Vanessa out of her thoughts.

Vanessa turned around, facing Karla, oblivious to the hieroglyphs that were beginning to energize themselves with radiant pink light. "I think I found something, it's going to blow yo-" she was cut short as the ground gave way underneath her, crumbling and dragging her into a black abyss.

Karla's survival instincts kicked in, jumping off her perch and rolling on the ground before breaking into a sprint as the rest of the cavern caved in. She stretched her stride, taking a massive jump into a neighboring cave tunnel as the last piece of solid ground fell away from her feet, her momentum causing her to skid to safety. She looked behind, breathing heavily, taking in the newly formed chasm, and then sighed with relief as she saw orange light sticks brighten up the bottom of the fall. 

Vanessa was alive. 

***

Vanessa turned off her comms after her status update to Karla. It had been one hour since her fall, and she had spent her time exploring her new space, finding no exits besides scaling the cave's walls. After her fall, her suit's illuminators were damaged and she was just out of glow sticks. Fortunately and curiously, the local fauna had illuminated once she arrived, kindly lighting up her path through the darkness like an airstrip.

Just as she felt like she was going to stop and rest for her limping leg, she saw a big flash of light as a grand altar lay before her, casting a brilliant reddish-gold glow over its marble surface. It struck her that the pillars around the altar were vaguely Grecian in their design but still very alien. She stifled her suspicions as she went up its craggy and overturned steps, noticing how only one figurine stood upon the alabaster altar.

It was in the shape of a human woman, yet not quite human, mirroring the hieroglyphics she saw earlier. Stylistic variations aside, this lady's face was far too alien, her physique, while technically possible on a human being, would be absurd, requiring a colossal amount of surgery and Olympic level fitness.

She lifted the figure from the altar, and before she could react the sound of churning gears echoed in her ears as a gust of pink mist blew right into her face, sending her tumbling down the altar steps. She coughed violently as the pleasant smelling mixture was inhaled deep into her lungs, the spores infesting her at a cellular level. By the time she hit the bottom of the steps, she was reaching for her throat, gasping and desperate for air.

She knew she was in danger when she felt her vision grow cloudy, the smell of the mist like the cave but many times more intense. A prickling sensation bloomed in her chest, surprisingly pleasant as it sent tingles down her spine. She felt herself growing hot, her suit becoming suffocating and claustrophobic.

She fumbled for her medical pouch, scrambling for common Venusian antidotes. She gasped as she felt her pussy spasm and then a wave of sexual heat blast through her body, not quite an orgasm but very near it. Her fingers seized up and her back arched as she reveled and writhed to the intense sensations boiling through her veins. Her antidote vial smashed into the ground, allowing a wave of blue fluid to go seeping into the soil.

Vanessa looked at the broken vial hopelessly, her chances of fighting off this exotic toxin were slim with it, and completely nonexistent without. She moaned lustfully, jerking on the ground as every chafing movement her suit made against her skin created the most divine sensation, each contortion heightening her pleasure.

Within her rapidly melting brain, the rational part of her mind hung on, running through ingrained safety procedures. She brought her comm speaker up to her trembling lips, at the edge of orgasm. "Karla! I've been...foreign contaminants...unnngh-" Her spasming arm smashed into the dirt, breaking her comms as every bit of her self became mush from mind numbing pleasure. 

She wailed in delirious joy as her body surrendered to its release, drowning her in sensual delight. Primal wanting and desire thundered through her mind, erotic heat beginning to burn through her nerves like molten knives, smothering her brain in carnal bliss, her loins shuddering and succumbing to the most alien of seductions.

She let all conscious thought shut off before being ripped wide open, her strong will final broken upon the altar of pleasure as an alien will delved into her vulnerable mind. She felt her whole body throb obscenely, pulsating from the inside, making her claw at her suit, trying to relieve the pressure, her body feeling instinctively that it was wrong to be clothed.

Just before she blacked out from overwhelming ecstasy, she felt her breasts tingling and concentrated heat rushing to her sex, and then knew nothing but the impossible visions that burned into her mind. She saw the cosmos rush by, stars and spirals that no man had ever seen and then she saw her. The embodiment of all that was feminine. A walking ideal of beauty. She had gone by many names, walked as woman and beast, and had deceived the earliest generations of mankind. Aine among the Celts, Bastet among the Egyptians...Aphrodite among the Greeks.

She had been chained underneath this world by her fellow gods, to prevent the greatest world from being remade in her image. Her world, once a place of paradise and pleasure, had been virus bombed into oblivion by their arcane technologies, ensuring not a single cell of her creations would remain to infest the rest of the cosmos.

But not even gods can see all ends, for as each millenia passed by, Aphrodite grew more cunning, more hungry for vengeance and more uncontrollable in her lusts, yearning to explode and spread her love and life into the galaxy once more. Through the fickle machinations of fate, she had just found the woman that would rebirth her species.

Vanessa moaned, arching her back as the Venusian infestation took hold, feeling her breasts ripple and expand underneath her suit, the silvery layers tearing apart as the rest of her body expanded into amazonian proportions. It had become clear to her, how her Goddess was betrayed, how she was denied her right to live. She howled in lust, her humanity burnt away in the flames of passion. She rejoiced in her pleasurable surrender, fully embracing the changes that swept through her body.

The reflective contours of her suit broke away, revealing the moist, shaking mounds that were her breasts, her screams of joy now resembling some alien beast in heat rather than anything a human could produce. Were she conscious of her changes, she would have noticed how her breasts, now swaying from her convulsions, had a pinkish red tone, as did the rest of her skin. 

Her complexion, paled from her months in space, blossomed with fresh color, inhumanly vivid as her face twisted into surreal symmetry, more perfect than a Grecian statue. Her eyes fluttered as her hips bucked up in the air, as if humping an invisible lover, so desperate was she for penetration. 

Her chest had become as bountiful as it was pink, her modestly sized breasts overcome by ever inflating peaks of voluptuous flesh, bouncing to her gyrations and shuddering to her titanic pleasure. The fuller they grew, the more stimulation she felt, the budding tips of her heavy tits growing more sensitive by the second, rising up with arousal, just as eager as her to be fondled and sucked.

She moaned as she writhed in the dirt, scraping her bottom along the ground as a deep warmth filled her buttocks. Her ass cheeks jutted into prominence, ripe and ready for groping, looking as if they were sculpted over years of intense training. She moved her hand down to enlivened pussy, masturbating as she convulsed on the cavern floor, letting herself mutate and be remolded in her Goddess's glorious vision. As she climaxed once more, a purpose greater than pleasure itself came to her.

She must spread, create more of herself. All higher functions of thinking had been blotted out, all that resounded through her mind was the irresistible urge to mate with others, be they man or woman. Through her mental cloud, she was vaguely aware of Karla. Her mouth watered and her pussy moistened at the thought of converting her, a contented growl leaving her lips as she wallowed in her animalistic thoughts. 

She exhaled deeply as her sexual spasms came to an end, the only thought lingering in her primal mind being of total gratitude to her Goddess and the sacred mission she must carry out. She let her feminine hands glide down her delicious body, fluttering in between the soft and full valley of her colossal tits, and down her carved midsection, her fingers taking in the exquisite feast of feminine curves her body had become.

Vanessa was gone. The brave girl who grew up on a penal colony, fighting the boys even though she lost every time, the one who dreamed of being a great space explorer, who dreamed of having a family of her own one day, was forever enslaved. Without pity and without remorse, Aphrodite took her into her lustful embrace, never to be given back to humanity, destined to be the Eve for a new generation of her species.

The creature that used to be Vanessa rose from her tattered suit, ribbons of mercurial cloth falling away like the molt of a creature that had just shed its skin. Her body was naturally inclined to feminine stances, pushing her breasts out as she jut her hips to the side, her new consciousness taking in her new form. She gasped with pleasure as she sank her hands into the dewy, pink globes of her breasts, her fingers immersing themselves in the softness of her ripe mounds, while she moved her other hand to her thick bottom, giving herself an experimental slap as her round cheeks bounced with a jiggle before returning to instant firmness.

Her inquisitive eyes, normally brown, were no longer, having been rendered milky and white, her pupils just a slightly darker shade of white than the rest of her eye, filled with no other desire but desire itself. She smiled, and looked at her new claws, sticking them into the ground as she plotted her escape.

*** 

Karla still sat by the chasm, entertaining herself for the last few hours by bouncing rocks off the plants, watching as they lit up in a new array of colors on each impact, but soon, even that lost its appeal. She looked at her timer, and sighed. Still an hour left until pick-up. And not a single update after Vanessa's bizarre message.

She tried not to think of her family, of her little boy and his charming father. She had not seen either in a year, and today was the final day of her contract, before she brought home the payday of all paydays. They said it was bad luck to think of loved ones the day you retired, and she was starting to believe it, her husband was on her mind when the rover's wheel gave out.

Something broke her out of thoughts, a steady, cadenced sound. It was not the banshee winds closer to the entrance of the cave, nor the constant drips of water. It sounded like scraping, and it was growing closer. She stopped what she was doing, her body tensing as she strained to hear for the source of the disturbance. Only the incessant sound and the beat of her heart filled her ears. She leaned to her left, peaking over the chasm and paled as she saw a fleshy creature scaling up the wall, a leap away from the cliff itself.

The beast's howls drowned out Karla's screams as she scrambled down the tunnel. The Venusian beast leapt over the edge, its shining muscles taut and sculpted to perfection, a marvel of bioengineering, refined over a millennia of eager propagation and predatory mating.

Karla had managed to hide in a dark corner, barely controlling her breath. First the rover and now this. Stranded on the same day she discovers hostile alien life. She couldn't believe how harshly fate had conspired against her. She brought up her comms, lowering its volume as she tried to reach Vanessa, but to no avail.

She cupped her mouth to stifle a whimper as she saw the silhouette of the creature come into view. It had been running on all fours, and when it got up to walk on its feet, she saw it was a she. As she sniffed the air, Karla took in the woman's lush curves and statuesque body, her long, graceful legs and robust thighs easily pushing her above six feet tall.

She seized up in fear as the woman lowered her head and seemed to stare straight right at her. Karla sobbed when she realized she was staring at her, the cave having betrayed her by illuminating the moss behind her, giving away her position to the voluptuous woman. The woman walked with unhurried grace, licking her lips as she came into view, her pinkish skin illuminating under the luminescent plants.

Karla backed up against the cave wall, paralyzed with indecision. She so desperately wished Vanessa was here, only she brought her weapon today. Damn! Of all the days to be lazy and leave something she never thought she needed...it had to be this one. It couldn't end like this, she refused to believe it. She shook her head back and forth, denying reality as beauty incarnate stood before her. The woman slowly lowered herself before her prey, tilting her head in curiosity at the shaking mess that was Karla.
