 '...'

Dreams. Visions. Floating between snatched glances of things happening around him. 

Milo hadn't felt like this since he'd done crack twenty years ago. And even then, he wasn't sure he'd used his penis that much while he was out of it. 

Speaking of penises, hadn't his been doing... Something...? 

More snatched visions. Girls. Glowing eyes. Flashing breasts, glimpses of bodies. So many bodies. Skin, lips, legs, breasts, ears. 

Wait. 

Ears?

Milo opened his eyes and looked up. Blackness surrounded him. Looking down, he saw that he was laying on his back, and as he realised this he realised what he could feel; his arms and legs, strung out wide. 

Pulling, he found his wrists and arms were held firmly in something, something that felt like a mould around his skin. Tensing his legs he found a similar thing for his feet, feeling his toes parted by a soft material and his ankles gripped lightly. It wasn't tight, but it was enough to ensure nothing would be sliding out of the mould-like hole they were in. 

Blinking to get his eyes adjusted to the dark, Milo was beginning to make out shapes. Black lines in the dark, outlines of strange formations. He was in some sort of cave, a cave who's ceiling was ribbed with rounded, spaced rings. It looked like the inner thread of a nut, with it's valleys and hills, or like an ice cream with round scoops piled one after the other. Or like the inside of a vagina felt. 

His senses coming back to him, Milo looked about again, and felt it just as he saw it. 

He wasn't wearing anything. 

His shirt, pants, shoes, his underwear, all was gone. That meant so was his beacon - the small, phone like tool that led one back to their pod if they became lost. Without that, he wouldn't be able to know how to get back, or even if he could. Obviously he'd been taken somewhere, but where? And by who?

The thought of someone else made him think of her. His whole body tingled. He felt shivers flow freely up and down his body. His member began to stiffen. 

Her.

Her and her other feline friends had brought him here, but... Beautiful... Why? Was this their home? Their lair? Their... Silky soft skin... And why was he asleep? Was he knocked out? Drugged? Was... Those eyes, glowing, shining into his soul as she took him deeper and deeper into her pussy...

Snapping out of his trance, Milo was back in the cave. Jesus, he couldn't think straight. Already his dick was firmly standing to attention on his stomach. He could even feel the beginnings of precum. 

What the fuck was going on here?

It was then, of course, that he saw it. Far off to one side. 

Two glowing blue points of light, side by side. 

Milo peered closer. They were definitely two points of light. No reflections. 

'Hey! Who's there?' He shouted.

The eyes disappeared. 

Shit! Had he scared it off? Maybe he shouldn't have said anything, the creature might have been his only lead.

Suddenly, without a sound, two blue glowing eyes opened right beside him. Flinching with a fright, he saw the naked upper body of the girl who'd lured him all the way to this planet. She was beautiful. Her soft, milky skin was flawless, absolutely un-tarnished! Her wide, bright eyes shone with a radiating blue that seemed to flow out of them and deep into his own, cooling him, calming him, seducing him. Her chest seemed to swell at the sight of him and her teeth appeared in a bright smile, feline fangs clearly visible. With a turn, she barked a soft, high-pitched sort of mewl into the dark behind her. Then, she was moving, sliding underneath him. Now on the other side, she looked closely at him, peering here and there. Milo watched her, fascinated, a smile on his face. She darted off again under him and came up between his legs, eyeing first one leg, then another. Then she discovered his penis, and her eyes flew open, her mouth wide. She shot off the mark again and before he could move, there was butt before him. There she was, on all fours, bent low, sitting backwards on his chest, butt up, hairless crotch bared right to him. He felt cool fingers slipping around his member and before he could even take it in, they were twisting left and right, around and around, massaging his length expertly in her hands. He felt himself already giving to her - if she wasn't careful, he'd be splashing in her face in moments.

Fuck, what was he thinking? Here he was hanging in a cave somewhere, naked, with a small, cat-like alien girl massaging his length, and he was worried she'd make him blow too early. 

The pussy before him seemed to pulse, to beg for entry. As he watched, sitting before him, her legs twitching, her butt moving softly side to side in her excitement, he saw her cunt peel open slightly and a bubble of cum dribble out, dripping onto his chest. He watched it intently, and as it came in contact with him, he felt his chest radiate warmth. It was like someone had put a hot water bottle on his chest, but the warm glow radiated outwards. It flowed over his face and as it hit his head, a fog of glorious bliss enveloped his mind, filled with visions of the naked cat girls and their perfect milky bodies scrambling about him and each other in desperation to fuck. Some rammed tongues down pussies, others scrambled up his legs to press breasts, lips and cunts against his cock. All were tiny, barely big enough to wrap their arms around his enormous penis. And as he watched them all scramble up his bell tower of a dick, he saw, or felt, himself cum, exploding white everywhere. The semen filled the vision, filled everything, and whited out his eyes.

When the bright white dissipated, he was back in the cave with his cat alien plunging her small mouth up and down his meat. Fuck, oh fuckkk, that felt good. Distantly he saw another of the girls, a purple eyed one, stepping up beside him, her breasts so huge they wobbled side to side with each step and seemed to threaten to topple her small frame. By the time she'd reached him, as Milo stared fixated at the butt waving hypnotically before him, another bubble of cum welled up from the pussy and dripped out. Fuck, he thought, seeing a vagina bubble up cum and dribble it out was just so fucking h-

The cum touched his chest and pooled, and another warm wave shot out. 

Enormous cock. So huge it was longer than he was tall. It stood before him gloriously, miraculously holding itself up. He sat, propped up against four girls who each ran their soft cool hands up and down his chest, while more, tens of them, scrambled up him, using his veins - yes, the veins in his penis - to climb. His tip seemed to be their goal. They climbed, their tits dragging their sharp nipples along his shaft, their pussies leaving wet trails on it. He could feel them, could feel where they were, and he felt as one flung a small hand up and grabbed his foreskin, lifting her bulging body over the top of his cock and standing on him. Chest and ass so huge the seemed to be taking over her, she flung herself forwards, wading on all fours through the small river of his pre-cum that was pooled on his tip, she reached his opening. Her body in comparison to his cock now was similar to an ant and a car wheel, and was growing. The pool she was in was rising , and she raised her head up to give a blessing of orgasm to the sky. Then, she dived down and swam towards his hole, reaching it and pressing her hands inside. She clawed her way in and wide one mighty effort, slid herself inside the monster cock.

Milo's glorious length blew, but instead of cum flying outwards, it poured out himself and from the cunts and asses of every cat girl around him, each one keeling over and moaning as he blew his, and their, loads. He felt the girl who'd inseminated him sucked - yes, sucked - into him, flowing down his length, deep into his body-

Milo was sweating now, and girls were around him in droves. His girl, HIS cat alien, was working like a goddess on his penis, her head taking more of him down her throat than should be possible for her size. Her fingers never stopped their massage, her hands never stopping the twisting. Two girls had their cheeks pressed together with a ball in each mouth. Three or four were massaging his legs, licking them, several cupping their cunts to rub their juices into his skin. More girls were around him, nearly fighting to get their lips onto his. He barely had time to breathe between soft, pillowy lips pressing against his own, tongues sliding around his cheeks and down his throat. One girl, a bright, golden eyed, golden haired vixen with golden areolas and gold pre-cum freely dripping like a half-on tap from between her legs, flipped up onto his chest and knelt before him. Pressing her lips into his for a moment, she let go and put her forehead on his. She stared, unblinking, deep into his mind and whispered a blessing of orgasm, her soft breath smelling like the gold cum she was dripping. 

Then, she lifted her round, firm ass, slid her legs over his shoulders, and her cunt pressed into his mouth. 

Girls. 

Screams of orgasm.

A world of gold.

A cave full of girls - full of them! Swarming, flowing, scrambling over each other, tearing each other's legs open in a ravenous frenzy of sex. The cave he was in was highlighted now, lit with gold light. This time, he wasn't in a crazed hallucination. This was real. As Milo's eyes flew open, his corneas erupting with golden light that shone, like torches, outwards. 

As the golden cat girl slid her pussy into his face, the cave holding Milo changed. A branch seemed to grow out from the wall he was in, reaching towards his head. It found it and formed around it, making a half-cup pillow to hold him up, helping support the girl's weight. Girls of all colours scrambled over his body, their bodies freely dripping their coloured cum over everything they moved past. Some girls standing, sitting or hanging about the vast cave squirted, their vaginas releasing a spray of colourful cum. A few further away from the action simply walked about or stood, their pussies bursting before them, faces blank, as though an orgasm of squirt power was so normal it was no reason to stop walking forwards. 

The cave was alive now, alive with the girls, but more - alive itself. It seemed to shake, to rumble. All around them, parts of the ribbed structure seemed to press inwards, tightening, nearly closing together like a sphincter. Then the rhythm started. Like a Mexican wave, the closing rings would start from one end and move to the other, looking a lot like a caterpillar does when it walks. 

And within it all, Milo saw gold, the gold of the girl's cum running over his face, flowing over his eyes, his neck, his body. His blue eyed girl's mouth was wide, dribbling cum. Then she lifted off his member and sat up straight. She continued to massage, pulling her whole hands up and down his jizz-slick dick. But before her eyes, right there in her hands, it began to pulse. To grow. The cock between his legs was expanding. 

Milo felt it all, saw it all, was it all. The girls with their flowing pussies, their bodies shaking in orgasm. The girls on him, their hearts bursting with love for their saviour. The cave, alive, pulsing, ready to release a torrent it hadn't felt for centuries. 

Milo's world, his imagined fantasy induced by the euphoric, aphrodisiac laced fluids of the alien girls, was a reality now. It was beyond what he'd seen in his head. It was more than anything he could have believed possible. And now he knew. He had foregone human laws, foregone any laws. His role was procreation now, and his first target, his first victim would be the oldest, most needing pussy here. 

The cave he was in.

He knew it now - this planet, or at least it's ancient inhabitants, weren't just human like cat girls. There was a race long before - or perhaps not so long before? He couldn't know. All he knew now was that he needed to fuck it, to give it life. There was one here - one he was deep inside of right now. One that needed to be fucked, to be awoken. These girls, these sex crazy females, were born from it, and he would bring their mother back to glorious life. 

Milo's cock was too big to let the girls keep sitting on him. Fleeing, they fell into the puddles of cum pooling all around the cave floor. Only his blue girl, and the golden creature on his face remained. As it grew, he saw the cave walls pulse more and more, the rolling waves more and more frequent. Parts of the walls began to reach out, growing out to grasp his massive member. As it grew up, thick as a tree, half the height of the cave, the growths grasped it, holding it, forming around it, enveloping it. Within moments the tip was engorged, the shaft next. It pulsed, it sucked. As all the girls around him splashed about, holding each other, many staring up in wonderment at the member before them. 

A deep, bassy rumble growled up from the depths of the cave. It echoed about them. Several girls looked up and about themselves, holding each other close. For the first time, Golden girl and Milo's blue girl stepped back, moving to the walls. By now, though all of them were still flowing freely, they were past their orgasms, and were more focussed on the cave about them rather than their own bliss. Only Milo himself was too encased in his pleasure, his cock engorged in the cave growth. 

A great wave erupted from the deep, bursting like flood waters from a dam up, spiralling around the cave walls. It picked up the girls where they stood, sat or lied, washing them like leaves out a gutter. Milo, lying in his place, eyes closed, stayed in place for a moment before the very wall growths that had grown around him shattered and released him. He, with all the girls, was washed up, up twisting corners, up gentle inclines and steep bends. The ripples in the walls became smaller, but more frequent, then disappeared. Then the cave narrowed, became more of a crack. As the flow rushed forwards it was channelled by the narrower surroundings, speeding up, before, with a glorious burst, they all came flying out into the open. The sun shone down, the green plants stood calmly. Thick, sparkling liquid poured from the cave entrance carrying tens of bright-haired girls in it's midst. Bright damp hair, skin sparkling, shining, naked bodies sprawled this way and that. 

On one side, laying against a tree, a gold-haired vixen lay sprawled in a wet patch, her skin glistening, shining in the light. After a few moments, she coughed, and her golden eyes fluttered open. Sitting up, she looked about. Her lips moved, softly whispering some quiet words as she saw her surroundings. Getting to all fours, she patted forwards, looking about. Around her, other girls were sitting up too, waking from their ride.

Across the way, a blue haired girl, her long, blue hair pasted across her face wetly, her chest rising as she breathed fast, knelt. Unlike the other girls, taking in their surroundings with interest, she was slumped, eyes down. Their blue glow had dulled and her body was thin, her featured drooping. She seemed upset, depressed. Seeing her, Gold-haired cat girl wandered over in a curious, caring animal way. She sat down next to the blue haired girl, a hand on her shoulder. She whispered to her gently, but all the blue haired girl would do was shake her head and sigh. Trying to be reassuring, the gold haired girl did everything she knew to do to cheer her, resting her forehead on her shoulder and gently patting various body parts. When, however, even patting between her legs didn't change her attitude, she sat back, shocked. Then she simply hugged the girl. 

Three girls, red, green and orange hair shining, came round the corner, their butts wiggling as they dragged something behind them. Looking up, the Blue haired girl saw what they were pulling and shot to her feet, pulling the gold one with her. There, on the ground, naked, with a huge - but not too huge - penis and shining wet skin, was Milo. As Blue jumped on him in joy, her eyes shining, she felt him still and cold. She began to talk, pushing on him, pressing here and there, jumping about. 

In desperation she saw that nothing was happening, and, desperate, she pressed her lips onto his. 

A few moments passed. 

Then she jumped back as Milo spluttered back to life, choking. He cleared his lungs and looked about, wiping his mouth. Standing around him, all with bright wide smiles on their face, their breasts standing proud, eyes glowing, skin gleaming, were girls with hair of all the colours of the rainbow. And, before him, straddling his chest, her eyes full of joy, was Blue girl.

Milo kissed her happily, and her tail shook furiously.

As he stood, looking about, taking in the soaked grass and the glistening skin around him, he realised. He had been the missing element. The cave he was in wasn't a cave - it was a vagina. A dormant, perhaps comatose female had been resting here, perhaps because of time, perhaps lack of mates, unable to do anything. These girls, they had to be a sub-species of this ones, perhaps even it's spawn. They'd done all they could to revive their creator, but an outside element was needed. Milo had been that outsider, the bringer of fresh seed. And, now that he'd inseminated it, it might, just might, be saved.

Milo looked about the girls standing around him, at all the beauty, at all the sexy bodies, at all the glowing eyes and hair of all colours. 

He'd fucked an ancient alien girl, and had been infused with the essence of their alien blood. He had the power now to reproduce with any of them, to command them, perhaps. He was an alien, a hybrid, one of a kind. He'd been given a special power on this planet. 

That left just one question.

If this female was here, stuck in rest, how many more were there?

Looking into the loving eyes of the girls around him, he felt they all knew what had to be done. 

But first... Well, there was a certain something standing firm from between his legs that needed satisfying, and these girls were going to take their sweet, colourful time with it. 

As he sat back and watched them begin their work, their cunts already leaking down their legs as their arousal shot up, he vaguely wondered if, now that he was one of them, his semen would have a colour just like theirs.

The End

For Now...