 The year: 1944 and the Second World War rages on! The American military machine employs their newest secret weapon: THE SUPERS! These few rare individuals have been recruited by the American Special Services Unit (ASSU) for use in the war against the Nazi Menace. The supers of the ASSU include the unbeatable scion of patriotism Major Captain! Victory Woman and her young sidekick Victory Girl! Ace pilot and front line commando Betty Bombshell! The Young Sky High, the first heroine to have the astounding power of flight! And Riveting Rosie who helps to keep the home front safe from Axis saboteurs! 

***** 

The supers had been kept busy with the liberation of France, but now they had earned an evening of R&R. Betty Bombshell had settled in with the group of commandos she led, they could be heard raucously partying all through the American army's camp. Major Captain was seen taking a few female nurses off to "entertain" in his personal tent. Even the normal members of ASSU seemed to be letting loose, taking the example of the supers and letting go for the evening. 

The only supers not seeming to be eager to join in the revelry were Victory Woman and her young partner Victory Girl. They had demurely rejected all offers to blow off steam with other soldiers and retired to the privacy of their own tent. 

"Gee Victory Woman, I've never seen the boys party so hard," Victory Girl said as she entered the tent, throwing her officer's cap onto a nearby box that served as a make shift nightstand. 

"Can you blame them," Victory Woman asked, tossing her cap in the same direction. "We're all worked out asses off kicking these Nazi bastards every which way but home, and soon Paris will be liberated!" 

She closed the flap into the tent tightly behind her then began unbuttoning her jacket, tossing it on top of the two hats once it was off. Almost immediately she also began opening the tight shirt that kept her large breasts hidden from sight. "I'm proud to wear this uniform, but I sure do wish the boys at the ASSU headquarters would finish up with those new costumes they said they are making for us. Sometimes it's good being able to blend in with the sea of olive drab along with the other soldiers, but these dress uniforms are hell on the girls." As she said this she finished unbuttoning her shirt and tossed it aside as well. 

As Victory woman started to take her bra off her young ward began taking her jacket and shirt off as well. "I'm looking forward to it too, although last I heard it would still be a few weeks before the costumes are done. I'll probably be stateside before mine is ready..." As she said this her voice trailed off, her expression growing suddenly sad. 

"It's going to be all right," Victory woman said as she dropped her bra to the ground. She stepped up to Victory Gal as the younger woman let her won bra drop as well. "We've been together since you discovered you had these amazing powers, but you're a grown woman now. It's time you strike out on your own. And we both know the experience you've gained over here on the European front is needed at home. The more the Nazis seem to be losing the war the more they have increased their sabotage stateside." 

She reached out and embraced the young blond, drawing her in and holding her tight. Their bare breasts pressed together, Victory Woman's significantly larger breasts enveloping the younger woman's perky handful. 

Victory Gal placed her head on Victory Woman's shoulder, enjoying the warmth of her skin pressed up against hers. Slowly she shifted her head, moving to rest her lips on the older woman's neck. She began to kiss her, lightly at first but then more passionately. Victory Woman let her head fall to the opposite side, bearing her neck to the young woman. She moaned quietly as she enjoyed the passionate kisses her young partner spread across her neck. 

"I'll miss this the most," Victory Girl whispered as she moved her lips up Victory Woman's neck, pulling her brown hair out of the way and exposing more of her skin. Slowly she kissed her higher and higher, working her way to the woman's ear. There she kissed her lobe, then taking it in her mouth she bit down sensually on it. 

"Yesssssss," Victory woman hissed in pleasure. She pulled back slightly allowing some space to fall between their breasts. She slid her hands around the topless, bare flesh of Victory Girl, caressing and exploring her body. Her hands quickly found their way to the young woman's perky breasts, groping and massaging them. 

"Oh god, you're so good with your hands," Victory Girl moaned. She started kissing Victory Woman on the mouth, deep and passionately. 

Together they stumbled backwards, each fumbling to undo the belt of the other. Soon they both had their pants and panties peeled off. They reconnected, a wild tangle of groping hands and kissing mouths till their bodies found their way to one of the cots. They fell back onto it, continuing to kiss and grope at each other with needy desperation. 

Victory Woman positioned Victory Girl on her back, sliding her body till her ass rested at the foot of the cot. She stood up, lifting one of the young woman's legs and spreading it open. She slid her leg up over one of Victory Girl's legs, pressing her moist slit into the other woman's pussy. 

Standing at the end of the cot she began to move her hips in fluid waves, rubbing her pussy against her young partner's cunt. Victory Girl moaned and thrashed about in pleasure. "Oh god, yes, fuck yes! You know just what my needy little cunt wants!" 

"I take good care of my little Victory Girl," the older woman said, still undulating her hips. "I knew when I met you that I wouldn't just have to teach you how to fight, how to use your superhuman strength and agility. I knew that I'd have to teach you how to deal with the superhuman libido that seems to curse all of us with powers." 

"Yes, yes, yes," Victory Girl said quickly. "You taught me so well... have taken such good care of me! I didn't even know how to masturbate when you started training me, now I know how to get myself off like a pro. Oh fuck, yes! Harder!" Her young body glistened with sweat, her nipples hard as her firm, perfectly shaped breasts moved from side to side while her body writhed in pleasure. 

"But pretty soon we aren't going to have one another to help blow off all the sexual energy we get built up inside of us." She arched her back, moaning as she ground her cunt into the other woman's slit. "Oh fuck, yes, I'm cumming!" 

Victory Girl moaned at her, griping the edge of the cot and sliding her body down against Victory Woman's. "I am too!" 

Letting go of one leg and running her hand through her hair Victory Woman rode the wave of her orgasm, her body moving sensually as she continued to grind into her young partner. "But remember to control your orgasm. Let it wash over you and keep it on slow simmer. Remember what I taught you: cum too hard or too often and you'll be weaker than a child." 

They continued grinding for a moment then pulled apart, ensuring their orgasm came to an end before it lasted too long. Victory Girl went limp, her limbs hanging off the edge of the cot. Victory Woman pushed her slightly to the side and sat on the cot with her. She playfully ran a finger down the other woman's front. "Your body's still hungry for more, isn't it?" 

"Yes," she responded quietly. 

"It's because of how hard we've been fighting these last forty-eight hours. I've noticed the more strenuous the physical activity, the longer we go without release, the more our bodies demand it." She paused for a moment, deep in thought. "We have the whole night to rest before we have to return to the field. I think it might be safe to cum one or two more times tonight. If we don't get too carried away we should be recovered by tomorrow morning." 

The youth lifted one of her well muscled legs and started to wrap it around Victory Woman, but she pressed it away. "No, I think tonight what would be best is if we both proved to ourselves that we can get the satisfaction we need without each other." 

Victory Girl recoiled from the words, sitting up with a confused, hurt look on her face. "What? Like... with a man?" 

"Yes dear, with a man. I'm sure if you looked hard enough you could find another woman, but I doubt you could seduce her no matter how hard you tried. We've both seen how rare it is to find women like us, women who are not repulsed by the idea of being with other women. And you have been with men before." 

Victory Girl's lip twitched in displeasure. "Only a few times. And you were always there to help." She turned to Victory Woman and pouted. "I've never seduced a man all on my own!" 

This made Victory Woman laugh. "Dear, it takes very little work with most men. Once they understand you're serious they will put out, every single one of them. Especially the men up here on the front lines, men who could very well be dead in twenty-four hours. How could such men pass up fucking women as beautiful as us?" 

"I don't know..." Victory Girl said uncertainly. 

"I do," Victory Woman said, patting the young woman's bare stomach. "Now, let's get back in our uniforms so we are decent and go find us some men to be indecent with. We could BOTH use the practice, I think I might have gotten rusty with you around." She got to her feet then stopped, pondering something. "But perhaps let's leave our bras and panties behind. That should excite the men and make things a bit easier." 

* * * 

Ten minutes later and Victory Woman had corner an attractive Captain she'd had her eyes on for the last few days. The man was flustered by her advances, obviously enjoying the attention, but yet he stubbornly rejecting the implied offer. 

"Well, I mean... You see, the thing is..." he stammered. "I'm a married man! It wouldn't be right... wouldn't be very Christian of me." 

Victory Woman rolled her eyes. Just her luck that she had zeroed in on the one faithful G.I. in all of the American army. But Victory Woman didn't give up, she ALWAYS won in the end. She was, after all, VICTORY Woman. 

She moved towards the man, pressing him back and into a small abandoned shack. The man stumbled into the shed, his hands out before him. "Please, stop this right no—" Victory Woman reached out and grabbed him by the wrists, squeezing tightly. "Ow! Sweet Jesus you are strong!" 

Still holding tightly to his wrists she bent and twisted his arms, forcing him down onto his knees. "That's right," she said to him. "I'm strong, stronger than any ten men in this whole army. I'm strong enough to have what I want, and I want YOU." 

He whimpered as she continued to hold his wrists. "I could scream for help," he said through gritted teeth. 

"You could," Victory Woman said, a smile spreading across her face. She could tell he was just about ready to submit to her, she just had to convince him of how useless it was to keep resisting her. "And you could become the laughing stock of the entire regiment. Overpowered by woman? How could the men under you take you seriously after that? And refusing to sleep with ME? You'd be ridiculed endlessly for that, why they might all question if you even liked women at all. There isn't a man in this entire army that wouldn't give up an entire week's leave to have what I'm offering you." 

He whimpered one last time then the air seemed to leave him. As he deflated he averted his eyes from her, but the words he said surprised Victory Woman. "I won't," he whispered. "I can't," he said firmly, his body tensing again in defiance. 

She didn't lose her cool, although she wanted to scream in frustration. Instead she doubled down, determined now more than ever to fuck this man. It was no longer about sex, no longer about meeting her body's needs. This was now about her ego. She had never lost before and she wasn't going to start now. 

Victory Woman kept hold of one of the man's wrists, twisting it painfully and keeping him pinned down on his knees. While holding him still with one hand she used the other to begin unbuttoning her jacket and then her shirt. Since she wore no bra underneath her large breasts were soon hanging out in the open air. 

The small shack they were in was dark, but it was shoddily constructed and plenty of light from outside found its way inside. In the dim light she leaned forward, allowing her large, heavy breasts to hang down above the man held below her. 

He looked up at them as she knew he would. She watched as he licked his lips hungrily as they dangled in his face, saw him shifting uncomfortably as his penis swelled with blood. Most men had never seen breasts as big as hers, at least not on a woman as thin and in shape as her. She had what some described as "superhuman" curves. He was clearly in awe of their size now that they hung above his head. 

Slowly she began shifting her body, making her breasts swing first towards the Captain's face, then back away from him. Back and forth they swung, steadily, soothingly. She'd done this to men before, used her breasts to hypnotize him. 

His eyes followed them as they swung. Back and forth. Back and forth. Back and forth. His eyelids drooped; his tense muscles began to ease. Slowly she loosened her grip on his wrist, allowing his arm to drop limply to his side. He knelt before her, his jaw hanging stupidly open as he watched her breasts swinging above him. 

"You will let me do as I please with you," she said quietly but firmly. 

"Yes," he said, his voice distant and distracted. His eyes still followed her breasts back and forth. 

"You will lie down on the ground; let me have my way with you. You will do whatever I tell you. You won't complain. You won't fight it. And above all you will enjoy it." 

"Yes," he said again, moving to lie down onto his back. 

Victory Woman stood up, grabbing her tits lovingly and whispering, "Thanks girls," before taking her jacket and shirt all the way off. She then striped out of her pants, watching as the Captain unbuttoned his pants and pulled his hard cock out. She was slightly disappointed by the size. It wasn't small, but she had been hoping it would be longer or thicker than it was. "But it's big enough," she whispered to herself. 

"What did you say?" he said, looking up at her. 

"Oh, nothing," she said, getting down on all fours and approaching him like a dangerous cat after its prey. She crawled till her head was above his cock. "Just lay back and relax for now," she said as she brushed his hand away. 

She grabbed hold of him, enjoying the feel of his warm, meaty shaft in her hand. She gave it a few tight squeezes and reveled in the way he moaned pleasurably in response. She returned the moans then purred hungrily at him. 

"There really is nothing like a hard cock," she said as she lowered her head and took him into her mouth. She moved down the length of his shaft slowly, twisting her tongue over him as she did. She sucked hard as she reversed course and moved back up his shaft, ending with a loud slurp as his cock popped out of her mouth. She had made sure she left plenty of saliva on it and grabbed hold of it, using the moisture to begin jerking him off. 

"The urges us supers feel, they really are uncontrollable. Sex, sex, sex. It's almost impossible not to think about. And it's not just the women like Victory Girl and me, no, Major Captain feels it too. Why do you think the ASSU has such a large detachment of nurses following him around? He certainly doesn't need any medical care... they are mostly there so he has someone to fuck." 

She leaned over and sucked his cock some more, moaning happily as she did. 

Once more she pulled away, using the moisture she left behind to keep jerking him off. "For a time I was satisfied with Victory Girl, but the joy that comes from Sapphic exploration isn't quite the same as the joy one can get from feeling a warm, thick cock deep inside of her." 

At this the man shot up, propping himself up on his elbow. "Oh no, please," he said, and then moaned as she bent over and began sucking him off again. "Ugh... yes... I mean, no! No... use your mouth, fine, but don't make me enter your most holy of holes. Please, it would be a sin! I'm a married man!" 

Victory Girl sucked and slurped loudly for a few minutes before pulling away and returning to jerking him off. She pondered as her hand worked his cock. "It would be a sin to fuck my pussy? Well... it saddens me that you think that, but I'll abide by your wishes. Of course, there's a loophole in your request. There are PLENTY of other things we can do." 

She let go of his cock, then slid her body up his. She dragged her large breasts up his pants, shivering from the feel of her nipples dragging on his fatigues, till they rested on either side of his cock. Once there she stopped, propping herself slightly up by her elbows. She snaked her hands between her breasts and his thighs, lifting them slightly then wrapping them firmly around his cock. 

"What... what are you doing?" he asked as he gasped in pleasure. Victory Woman had started to rock her body up and down, sliding her tits around his cock. She squeezed them tightly around his shaft, reveling in the feel of his spit covered rigidity sliding between the warm softness of her breasts. 

"Giving you a tit job," she said plainly. "Have you never had this done to you?" 

"No!" he gasped. "Wife... nearly flat chested... never even imagined such a thing!" 

Victory Woman chuckled. "Poor simple minded Captain. Just lay there and enjoy it." He moaned, wiggling under her. He began to move his hips, thrusting his cock up and down between her breasts. She stopped moving her body, letting him fuck her tits instead of fucking him with them. He humped faster and faster and she knew he'd soon blow his load. She knew that men almost always came fast when they tried new things. 

He began to shudder, gasping desperately for air as he reached his moment of climax. She moved her body so that his cock was totally enveloped by her breasts, squeezing them tight to keep his cum form shooting out and hitting her in the chin. He groaned and then there was an explosion of moisture between her breasts. 

"Mmmmm..." Victory Woman moaned encouragingly. "See, not so bad?" She pulled her breasts apart and lifted her body up and away from his, enjoying the wet sound his thick, sticky cum made as her breasts pulled apart. Once up on her knees she looked down and saw that his cum covered cock was still hard. "Oh!" she gasped in surprise. 

She acted quickly, knowing there wasn't a moment to lose. If she waited too long he'd lose his erection. She turned around then squatted over the man, lowering her ass towards his hard, cummy cock. 

He quickly reached up, grabbing hold of her plump ass and stopping her from lowering down onto him. "No! Not inside of you," he said, his voice quavering. 

"Ah," she said, her voice full of mischief, "not inside my pussy. THAT would be cheating, we established that. But there's another hole back there," she told him. 

"What?" he said stupidly. 

She responded by pressing down against his hands. She reached between her legs, grabbing his cock and aiming it up with her puckered asshole. 

He made a sound of surprise when he realized what she was doing. "In that hole?" he asked. "Won't it hurt you?" 

"Not if we start slow," she said, pressing her body down onto his shaft. The cum covering his cock lubricated his entry into her tight back end. She pressed down until his throbbing cock head began to enter her, then she stopped and pulled away slightly before pressing back down and allowing him to enter her a little further. She worked his cock like this, lifting her ass up then down and allowing him to enter her little by little. This allowed her asshole to slowly expand and grow used to the girth of his cock and by the time it was balls deep in her she felt very little pain. 
