 Prologue: Ashes 

Flames licked at the ceiling, the thick smoke burning her throat. Can't stop now... Faith crawled onward, fumbling blindly on the ground as the smoke poured through the cracks in her eyepieces. "Gordon!" she cried, breathing heavily as the pain in her thigh intensified. The temptation to pull out the piece of shrapnel picked away at her every step she took, yet she resisted. I need to get out of here first. 

"Faith!" she heard ahead. She squinted, vaguely seeing a figure through the wisps of smoke. 

"I'm here!" she screamed, "I—I need help!" 

The Prowler — Gordon Kirren stepped through the smoke, his breathing amplified by the breathing apparatus he wore. "Faith, you're in bad shape." 

"No shit." she said, giving a weak smile as she let him lift her. She felt him carefully place another breathing mask over her mouth, and she nodded gratefully, taking a deep breath of filtered air. "I'd kiss you, but now's not the time." she joked. 

"Well, just pay me back once we get outta here." Gordon said, straining as he lifted her over his back in a fireman's lift. The pain in her thigh shot up sharply. "Argh— fuck!" she bit her tongue. "Shrapnel—right thigh." 

"Sorry, we'll attend to it once we're out." he said, and she weakly nodded an agreement. He proceeded to carry her, the two moving out of the room. She breathed steadily, focusing hard to take her attention away from the pain in her thigh. She was certain she could feel her blood oozing out. 

As they left the room, Faith could vaguely see four people in firefighter suits through her foggy eyepieces. They advanced past the couple, lugging their firehoses to spray at the wall. 

"That was incredibly risky, Gordon." said a female Japanese voice behind the firefighters - Guardian, Emma Miko. One hand extended, she projected a cooling forcefield against the room they were in. She eyed Faith, her angered face softening. "How is she?" she asked, her other arm rising up. The first-aid kit a distance away flew to her hand, and she tossed it over to Gordon. 

"Multiple shrapnel wounds." he said, removing an injector containing a translucent blue liquid. "Hang on Faith, gonna give you a little Re-gen. This'll hurt a little." She grimaced — she never liked the idea of using the blood of a hero who had regenerative powers, no matter how much he insisted it was 'safe'. 

She screeched as he abruptly pulled the shrapnel out. "Son of a fucking— Jesus— " The sharp, biting pain was followed by a thin unnatural intrusion near the wound as he plunged the injector beneath her skin. She felt the unusual feel of her skin resealing itself, the pain fading away. She cringed, mentally picturing the disgusting image. "Ugh." she groaned, feeling the scar that had formed over the wound. She still felt a dull pain beneath the surface of her thigh, however it was greatly dampened compared to the blinding pain she felt earlier. "Let's never do that again." 

"You'd rather walk with something sticking out of your thigh forever?" 

"Not really." she smiled for the first time since everything went to hell. Her smile faltered. 

"Gordon, behind you!" she heard Miko shriek, and a torrent of flames flooded her surroundings. Everything turned red, then black. 

Chapter 1: Return from Exile 

"Ms. Leyes." She heard a young, male voice behind her. She stopped packing her stationery, turning to the source. A white, muscular teenager stood behind her. Jason Vern. 

"Mr. Vern." Faith acknowledged her student curtly, suppressing the urge to roll her eyes. It wasn't the first time he tried to talk her up, and she doubted this would be any different. "How can I help?" 

Jason looked around furtively, before leaning in with a sinister smile, "I was wondering if you're free for some, heh, one-to-one tuition." 

Faith sighed, turning back to continue packing her belongings. "All my consultation slots this week are booked." She placed the last item neatly into her bag, slinging the backpack over her left arm and turning to face the door. "I suggest you be more proactive in the future. Don't wait until the last minute till you start worrying about your exams." she chided. 

Jason moved fast, positioning himself between the door and Faith. "But Ms. Leyes... it's not my exams I'm concerned about..." he drawled, still glowering with that annoying smile. 

This time Faith rolled her eyes, almost certain of his intention. She tried to walk around the student, but he blocked her way repeatedly. "What do you want?" she said finally. 

"I just want to talk to you, one-on-one." 

She didn't like where this was going. Regardless, she was still unable to get to the exit. "Well, here I am. Talk away." she said. 

"I've been really stressed lately, and I was hoping you could help with that." 

"Ooookay, have you tried meditation, or taking a break now and then, or—" 

"I was hoping for something more...physical." 

Faith really didn't like where this was going. She took an indiscernible step back, her fingers tightening on her bagstrap. "Ah. Physical activity...like...sports.. Aren't you the quarterback of our college team or something? I don't really follow these kinds of things." she said, giving a uneasy chuckle to ease the tension. 

Jason demeanor changed, his casual stance suddenly straightening, a serious expression on his face as he reached into his pocket. Faith braced herself, only easing slightly when he fished out a $1000 bill. "You're avoiding the question, so I'll be direct. How much for a blowjob?" 

Faith's eyes widened in shock, unconsciously backing away. "You're kidding. No way.." she said, shaking her head. 

"Come on, Ms. Leyes...Two grand?" he said, advancing closer. Faith suddenly felt the table against her rear, feeling her panic rise sharply. She slowed her breathing, standing back up as he came even closer. 

"If you think I'm some sort of cheap whore—" 

"Fine. An expensive one, then." he countered, his arms reaching for hers. 

Faith snapped his arms apart before roughly shoving the teenager back. Taken aback, he stumbled, regaining his balance a few steps back. He scowled. 

"You're walking on dangerous ground, Mr. Vern. I suggest you turn around and leave before it gets worse for you." 

She slid her bag down onto the table, clenching her fists, preparing herself. His ego bruised, a blunt charge was likely. She'd duck to the left, using his momentum to slam him into the table. Next, grab his arm into an armlock, and— 

"Heh." Jason smiled a dangerous smile. "You're feisty, but you're not the first to reject me. We'll see each other again." he said, turning away and roughly bursting out the doors. 

"I certainly hope not." she muttered under her breath, turning to pick up her bag and leave. 

-- 

"Ms. Leyes, I sympathise with your situation, trust me, I absolutely do, but—" 

"Let's just cut through the bullshit. A student just tried to bribe a teacher for sex." she said. 

"Mr. Vern—" 

"Tried to grope me and threatened me, he even—" Faith stopped as Principal Johnson glowered at her. She frowns, slowly lowering herself back down on her chair. 

"Mr. Vern is a sterling member of our student community," the principal said, ignoring Faith's eyeroll, "and his parents are extremely influential members of this city." 

"Oh, so that's what this is about, not pissing off the daddy's boy—" 

"Ms. Leyes." 

"— so he doesn't run up to his parents and—" 

"Miss. Leyes." 

Shit. Faith finds herself standing from her seat. Gripping her armrests tightly, she once again forces herself down to the chair.. "Alright, I'm listening." she said, feigning patience in her voice. 

The principal stood up, walking quickly to the door and peeking through the window. He sat back down quickly, motioning for her to lean in closer. She obliged. "This isn't an isolated incident. We've tried tons of measures— scoldings, parent-teacher conferences, threats of suspension, expulsion...his parents protect him at every juncture." 

"You're kidding." 

"He's done this to almost all the female teachers—most give in after some persuasion." 

"Wait, what?" she blurted out. Johnson didn't seem to mind her interruption, instead slowly nodding. 

"It's only a matter of time, with those sex drugs on the market." 

"So he's drugging and raping teachers? That's illegal. The police aren't an option?" 

"His parents paid them off. At least his father did. I've never seen his mother." 

"Who's the father?" 

"Mr. Robert Vern. One of the most powerful businessmen in Irellian City." 

"Well, that explains a great deal." she said, shaking her head. 

"I heard he deals with the underworld. A big player in there...or...something. I'm not gonna stick my hands in that mess." 

She sighed. "I understand." 

The two were silent for a while. Principal Johnson hesitated, before he stood up once again, taking a furtive look through the windows. He sat back down, pulling his chair closer to the table. "Look, Ms. Leyes, I'm not telling you all this for the heck of it." 

"Yes, I got it. You want me to be careful. And I'll be real careful, don't worry." 

"No, I was hoping for you to deal with it." 

Faith smirked. "You're kidding." 

Principal Johnson shook his head reverently. "No. I know what you are." 

Faith's smirk faded, and she let out a nervous laugh. "A...counsellor?" 

"Come now, Ms. Leyes, don't take me as an old fool. Five months ago supervillains raid and destroy the League of Heroes' headquarters. The same day, you're admitted to the general hospital with severe burns and multiple injuries." 

She awakens, feeling something deep jutting in her arm. She sees the red and blue costume of Prowler a distance away, a pool of intensely-red blood forming. She scrambles forward, feeling for the pulse— none. 

"Get up! Please." she pleads, desperately pumping on the man's chest. She feels the overwhelming heat from the fire starting to bear down on her, yet she continues pumping. "Gordon...please." 

"There—err—was a fire at the bar. I was injured." Faith tried to explain. Her hand unconsciously stroked the scar on her bicep. 

"You don't drink, Ms. Leyes. And explain the costumed guy—I think it was Regent—who said I couldn't pay you a visit? Explain the terrorist raid on the general hospital a mere few days after you were admitted, followed by your disappearance for an entire five months?" 

Faith's head sunk, along with her shoulders. "You know." 

"You're a heroine." 

A heroine stays and fights. While the rest of them fought to their deaths I was whisked away on an ambulance. She stayed silent. 

He leaned in excitedly. "There've been reporting of some spectre wreaking havoc on the underworld. That's you, right?" 

"I know it's illegal, but please—don't." she said quietly. 

"No, Ms. Leyes, you don't understand. This city needs you more than ever." he said, rising and placing a palm on her shoulder. "We need you out there, at your real job." 

"...thanks. I guess." she said. Her mind flashed back to Regent. 

Regent's arms grabbing her from behind, she pawed uselessly at the lifeless body of her boyfriend. "No! He's still—no please! Save him!" she screamed as she was forced onto the stretcher and injected with anaesthetic. 

Her sister looked sadly from her right. "Faith...we'll try." she said, before Faith's eyelids grew heavy and fell shut. 

"Regent. What happened?" 

"The hospital was burnt to cinders. He was found dead with multiple bullet wounds. I'm...sorry." 

He sacrificed himself...why me? "Lightraye." she said, her voice straining. "White uniform, skirt, red cape...?" 

"Missing." he said, shaking his head. "She could still be alive." he added as if to comfort the woman. 

Her sister could well be alive. A small spark of hope ignited in Faith's bosom. She needed to know her sister's fate. 

"Thank you, Principal." 

Chapter 2: Reconnecting 

From 'peaceful negotiations' with black market dealers, she had pieced together the source of much of the vice that had plagued the city — the sex drug known as Aphrodite's Apple, or double-A. Solely supplied by Calypso Pharmaceuticals, which was owned by Robert Vern, father of Jason Vern. A billionaire recluse, scraping together information on this man was harder than she'd expected. A few key phrases perked her interest, however. 

Anderson Ghash, doctor sentenced to life in prison for multiple cases of rape and a few cases of accidental murder. Apparently, he had been experimenting with a some serum to enhance one's mind, but it got out of hand. Robert Vern had personally intervened, somehow recruiting the doctor and promoting him to a key position. The trail went dark after that, other than a hint that he was working with a certain Ms. Quechet. 

Mimosa 'Forget-Me-Not' Quechet — Mindshaper, the one who led the attack on the League Headquarters. 

Her eyes glanced over to a picture of her sister. "Angie..." she whispered. Angie had rescued her, pulling her away from the long-dead corpse of her boyfriend, pushing her into the evac car, and heading back into the fire to hold off the enemy. 

Her hands pawed ahead helplessly at the shrinking silhouette of Lightraye. Lightraye was going to die, she knew it. "You're gonna pay for what you did today." Lightraye said, her voice twisted in utter anger. Before her stood a woman, her eyes glowing purple, her pink hair floating impossibly into the air. Mindshaper. Faith struggled against her restraints, but she felt the anaesthetic kick in, slowly dulling the sharp pains that wracked her body and lulling her into a deep sleep. 

Angie. She needed to find Angie — and the key to that was through finding Mindshaper. And that meant going after the easier target first, Doctor Ghash. 

Faith sighed, collapsing into the soft couch. If only Angie was here. Guilt crept up behind her, as memories of the fall of the League slipped into her mind. Of all the more qualified, powerful heroes of the League, why me? The Guardian, or even Kali would have been much more useful than she has been since she returned from her 'exile'. Why me? 

She shook her head, clearing her mind. The past no longer mattered, the only thing she could change now was the future. All the previous heroes had sacrificed themselves for a slim chance of beating back the enemy. And she wasn't going to disappoint. 

She returned to the computer with renewed vigour. 

-- 

Darkness clouded much of the city; the streets occasionally lit up by a rare undamaged lamp. The roads were barren, any remaining car on the street broken into. Even the buildings were encased in darkness, any resident fearing drawing attention to themselves. This was the richest part of the neighbourhood. 

Faith now wore her old uniform, now donning her identity of Vigil. Clad in a black form-fitting long-sleeve shirt and pants, with dark purple streaks lining the sides of her arms and legs. Her mask obscured the region around her eyes, along with built-in eyepieces that provided much aid to the heroes of the League. A dark purple utility belt was wrapped around her waist. Simple and utilitarian — just the way she preferred it. 

Vigil's eyes travelled to the prominently lit building a few blocks away. Calypso Pharmaceuticals, it read, the words plastered over a familiar building, one that once had the words League of Heroes proudly shining on it. She scowled through her mask. There was no doubt Calypso Pharma had something to do with the fall of the League — and they probably had some idea of where Angie was. 

Her plan was just like many of her other poorly made plans. Sneak in, find out what the hell Doctor Ghash was developing, find any information of Mindshaper and get out. She'd think of the rest later. 

She stalked ahead, sticking to the roofs. A scream echoed nearby. No, she thought to herself, I can't afford to be distracted right now. 

"Get away from me!" she heard. She suddenly saw her sister, staring at her in anger. She shook her head, the image dissipating as quickly as it had appeared. What the hell am I doing? Someone is in danger, and I'm too fixated on the mission to care? 

Mentally slapping herself, she moved to the source of the screams. 

She shifted her attention to a nearby alleyway, watching from above. A modestly-dressed lady, cornered by three thugs. A standard robbery — or rape, depending on the thugs' moods. 

She sighed and began her descent from the roof. 

"De-escalation first. See if you can't get them to stop without a fight." Angie had taught. It made sense for a powered mutant who didn't need to fear a surprise attack that much. Not so much for a non-mutant. Still, this was the line that separated a rescuer from an attacker. 

She landed at the entrance to the alleyway. "Stop!" she shouted, walking rapidly towards them. A calculated risk. The men, taken aback, almost turned to run like most criminals would at the slightest chance of being caught. But the five months of chaos had probably made them bolder, stronger and willing to fight back. Vigil slowed her advance upon deciding that they weren't retreating. 

The men now faced her. One carried a knife. Two were unarmed. Knife-guy swaggered as he walked, occasionally misjudging a step and nearly falling over. He was drunk, the other two weren't. 

"Ooo look," knife-guy slurred, "aren't you a little late for Halloween?" 

"Pretty little bitch shows up tryin' to play hero," the one beside him — a tall, tattooed white man — speaks. "A lil' late fer that. We own the streets now, bitch." 

She advanced, slowly. The alleyway was narrow — not narrow enough to fight them one at a time, though. A nearby dustbin — potential weapon? Her eyes scanned the environment. Maybe I should have done recon before jumping in. Sloppy. she scolded herself, before refocusing on the men. 

"Hey Amos — gut the bitch." the man on knifeguy's right — the leader? — speaks. 

Knifeguy tenses, before charging in, his arm dramatically raised. Amateur. 

He swings down. She slips to the left, palm at the back of his head. She slams his head down — straight into her rising knee. She hears him snarl in pain. 

She leaps back, just as he wildly swings his knife towards her. She catches his arm, struggling slightly against his strength. She kicks his knee, the pressure against her hand deflating as he stumbles to the ground, knife clattering to the ground. 

She knocks him out with a kick to the head. 

The two unarmed men stared at her, in barely-concealed shock. They appeared to snap out of it, tattooed-man reacting faster. 

He stops in front of her, arms up at the ready. "Always wanted a challenge." he says, and she smirks. She opens her mouth to respond but he swings in, his fist slamming into her gut. "Ugh!" she grunts, the air rushing out of her lungs. 

She gasps for air, but he doesn't let up — he punches her face, sending the vigilante reeling to the floor. 

She tastes the iron of her blood. "Overconfidence! Never underestimate your enemy." she could still hear her sister nag at her. She shakes her head. Not now, Angie! Wincing, she stands back up, suppressing the pounding pain in her stomach. He charges in, she leaps left. Grabbing the dustbin cover she swings at the back of his head. He groans in pain, collapsing to the ground as he clutches his head in pain. Vigil hears footsteps behind her. No time. She whirls around, before— 
