 Edit to correct grammatical errors as revealed by robbie373.

*****

Everria sat on a stump, watching the fire flicker and spit in the middle of the night. The shimmering light illuminated her short silvery hair, turning it to shades of gold and crimson in erratic patterns. Tired blue eyes gazed at the blaze. It was going to be a long night for her. Her companion still had not returned from... wheresoever he went... he didn't say. With a sigh she stood up, stretching out. Her armor was in the tent, she was already in her undergarments. A silken set of pajamas that hugged her body, hiding nothing when the wind blew. A delicate hand brought the wineskin to her rose colored lips... a few gulps, she set it back down, her soft feet padding around the camp. 

"Where is that blasted man. I can't keep this fire going all night while he's doing gods know what out in the wood... Hmph," she huffed. A slight blush colored her alabaster cheeks. Near her tent several more wineskins had been set aside. The elf had clearly been drinking that night, and more than she usually did. "All day riding on a horse..." she mumbled. "Why I ought to..."

"Ought to what?" came a warm voice from directly behind her. Rough, confident arms suddenly wrapped around the elf and he squeezed her lightly with a laugh. "What are you doing still awake? I've assumed your haughty ass would have been in bed!" 

"A-aaron! You... Bastard! My... b-backside is none of your concern!" quipped the elf, squirming against the man's arms, "Let me go! I was keeping the fire lit so you could make it back!"

The man lightened his grip, but did not release her. Now in the light of the campfire he was revealed. Messy, short black hair and the beginnings of a beard on his chin. He was just a tad taller than the elf, certainly tall for a human. Brown eyes and a face tanned from labor held a cruel but playful smirk. "All that for me?" he asked, lifting her a little with a chuckle.

"UGH! Put me down already!" The elf struggled, though her body heated a bit. It had been years, nay, decades since her last mating, and the wine had brought that to the forefront of her mind. ~If he will just let me go I can get to my tent and... be done with this... this... heat without incident,~ she thought to herself.

"Hmm.. No. Don't think I will," came the teasing reply. He carried her around the campsite a bit, the elf kicking and squealing in protest as he chuckled. "All full of fight tonight, aren't you?!" he laughed a bit, before pressing his lips to the nape of the elf's shapely neck. Normally this would result in a mild spell of shock or ice... but this time, there was a different response.

"H-hn... oh..." gasped the elf, shuddering as she craned her neck for him, overtaken by the heat that blossomed from the kiss. "S-stop..." 

The human only raised an eyebrow, smirking. "...Are you sure?" he asked, kissing again as he carried her towards a smooth boulder around which they had set their campsite. 

The elf blushed, finally set down, pinned to the rock by his arms on either side. A soft pant came from her pillowy lips. White teeth bit on the lower as she looked away. "...No," she mumbled shyly, baring her neck again.

Aaron smirked, leaning forward to nibble at the elf's neck, right up to her pointed ear. Another whimper of submission from her lips was all he needed before his calloused palms reached out, grabbing her hands and pinning them over her head. 

"W-what are you- A-aaron..." mumbled the elf. Teeth grazing the sensitive tip of her ear, her sentence was cut off with a low moan of need, her hips wiggling as heat built in between.

"Shh..." was the only reply that came. Vines grew from the top of the rock, and soon the elf found her hands bound together. A simple enough knot... the vine itself could have been broken with a few minutes of effort... but the intent was made clear to her. The bard was in control of her body now. She stared at him, the firelight flickering across her face showed the deep blush and open lips. 

"Aaron... Please... Please!" she begged, squirming. Her body burned with want... A soft gasp escaped her as she felt hands grasp her breasts through the silken fabric, moaning out for him. "Nngooh... m-more." 

"And nothing beneath? I always wondered..." The man teased his companion, taking his time to unbutton her top, revealing a pair of full, soft breasts, easily a D cup or more, hiding beneath the fabric. The elf sucked in her breath through her teeth, the air was cold... and a weak whimper sounded through the air as the mans lips wrapped around her nipple and sucked hard, biting it lightly. She struggled meekly against her plantal handcuffs, moaning out. "A-ah! T-terrible, you're terrible, you bastard!" she cried out, though her hips bucked with need at this point, and a small wet patch on her bottoms showed she had long been ready.

A warm chuckle came from his lips as he stood back up, grabbing her silken pants and shoved them down around her thighs, leaving her slit, and the tiny bush she kept above it, exposed to the cool air. Fingers found her sex, dripping wet already... and soon a palm was gently rubbing her clit. 

"A-ah! Aaron PleaMMF!" she tried to protest his lengthy approach of claiming her but was cut off by warm, masculine lips and the tickle of whiskers on her own rose tinted lips. A whimpering moan began to echo as her mouth yielded to his tongue, swirling hungrily around her own. Her hips bucked with his fingers' thrusts, and her shapely ass tensed against the rock. Toes curled as she felt a hand reach behind her and grab her backside, kneading the soft flesh as he toyed with her. ~I'm losing my mind.. Hurry up Aaron..~

The kiss broke and the elf began to pant, looking up at her 'captor', squirming as she did so... Aarons fingers traced up her delicate belly, between the valley of her breasts, over her chin, to rest on her lips. "Suck," came the only command, and she obeyed without hesitation, wrapping her lips around his fingers and suckling her own juices off of them. It was so degrading to her... though that made her want him all the more inside her. She cleaned them off eagerly, tongue lapping for every drop of herself. Finally he knelt in front of her, and yanked down the pants that hid her long, lithe legs.

A gasp echoed as the cold air caught the elf off guard, and a whimper accompanied her legs being lifted and spread, the man's trousers long gone at some point, when she didn't know, nor could she bring herself to care. "Please please please please please...!" she muttered, wiggling her hips before she felt the thud of her back against the boulder... and the schlick of his member burying itself inside her. "Unngh..." she moaned out, eyes rolling back. Her body was a full blush and ready for the intruder.

Her folds wrapped around him like a vice made of honey and warm velvet. She convulsed around him as he began to draw back, putting her legs over his shoulders, and his hands grabbing her hips to keep her stable... then he began to thrust, grunting as he pounded her. The elf's high voice crept higher in praise for him. "Yes! Yes! Aaron! Th-thick... fill me!" she cried out to him, eyelids fluttering as the ravaging continued. His pace was slow in the beginning, just for a few seconds to slick himself... then her eyes snapped wide, gasping, no longer able to vocalize as a sudden bursting pace was set upon her.

~Big.. Big.. deep.. Goddess.. Aaron.. More!~ she could only think to herself, her throat silenced by the voracious pounding that her companion was giving her, her hips smacked lightly against the rock and her cheeks slapped against his hips. It felt as though every thrust was even deeper, she looked down at herself, wondering if the massive rod she felt was distending her otherwise flat and perfect abs. She barely started to twist her head down to look before she felt teeth at her neck, biting and nibbling to send her back into throes of ecstasy. She began to shake and shudder, the hammering feeling like the man's cock was tapping at her very mind, eyelids twitching as the soft blue pupils rolled back, her tongue lolling out and panting. ~Losing my mind.. losing my mind to Aarons cock.. It's all going white..I..I..!~ Her body twitched as it tensed. Toes and fingers curled, abs and legs flexing, cunt clenching hard around him as her vision went white... giving a final, wailing cry of pleasure. "NNUUGHHNNAAHFUCKYES!" she cried out, barely able to swear towards the sky as the climax overtook her, thoughts melting away as she took on a dumb smile, mind nearly shattered by the pounding.

Aaron grunted, feeling the sudden clench... and could do naught in response but slam forward, deep and true into his elf lover. His member began to spew, he was holding her tight against him, as tight as she clenched around him, pumping rope after rope of thick, fertile seed into her thirsty snatch. Teeth crawled up her neck, right to her ear, nibbling on it before another scream was silenced by his warm lips and wicked tongue. She moaned into his mouth, shaking with pleasure as she felt herself filled so perfectly, not a drop slipping out of her gulping slit. For minutes they stayed there, him pumping her fuller and fuller, before their kiss broke and her eyes rolled forward, looking tired... and almost cumdrunk.

"A-aaron?"

"Yes?" he asked in response, kissing at her neck, enjoying the afterglow.

"...I can't feel my l-legs... C-carry... carry me to your tent..."

The bard smirked and kissed her lips, this time sweetly, softly. "As you wish Evey."

A soft chuckling whimper came from her lips as she felt her hands released by the vines. "Stop calling me that... bastard."