 Her vision was grey, like a bleak sky. It hung there for a split second of obscurity and then faded into clarity. Ailis' focus returned to her from a dream she could not remember. Wild music drummed from above. The wooden ceiling underneath the Spiral Decent tavern revealed itself in its mundane predilection. Cracked and worn from the heavy movements above, the crevices gaped in plea for some form of care; real or temporary. Under normal circumstance Ailis would have fixed it up a bit with a few minor spells, but in this place she needed all the spells in her repertoire. If only it benefited me, the young woman surmised, but I'm done with this room.

Ailis shoved a draping arm off her naked breast, and then realized it was a woman's arm. Not just that, two naked women slept listlessly to her opposite sides. They were the same two women who were dancing upstairs previously. Firfel! The young mage's mind screamed. She quickly got off the bed and started to dress. Oddly enough; she felt her anus wasn't sore at all, as a matter of fact her whole body felt quite rejuvenated and fresh. Yet, Firfel was nowhere to be found. That, she expected.

"Gods! I will kill that twice bedamned elf," the mage muttered.

He's gotten too cocky to think he could bring strangers to bed with me while I was asleep, she thought. Ailis shook her head, she couldn't let this anger take over her right now. She needed that crazy elf, whether she liked it or not. When she was dressed she left the room and climbed the stairwell towards the rambunctious noise. The crowd was larger than before; the music assaulted her and was bouncing off the walls, sung by a toxic band of freaks. The place was like a jungle full of dancing barbarians. The young woman squeezed through the swarm and half expected some deft hands to grope her, but none did.

"Belthar!" she called out once she reached the counter, "Where is Firfel?"

"What?" the half-orc yelled back.

"Firfel!" Ailis screamed over the relentless music as she leaned closer.

"Oh yeah…" Belthar said as he handed the mage a parchment.

Whatever the half-orc said afterwards Ailis couldn't hear. She just nodded as she read the note, more to the music than anything. It was catchy though she couldn't understand it, it made her want to get naked and bounce with the crowd.

The note read:

Hey Ailis,

Burn this after you read it. I have some business I need to take care of, but don't worry. I haven't forgotten about you. You need to meet with someone. I can't tell you who it will be, but you'll find out. Just follow the road north from the Spiral Decent and it will take you towards the Merchant District. Your travel will be dangerous, so use stealth spells if possible. You will know when you reach it. Once there, visit the Sword Swallower (catchy name eh?). It's a small bar a little down the right street from the district's entrance. The password is "Broken Tooth." From there on, how you handle the situation determines how you are welcomed in my world. Consider this job as "your first foot in the doorway." Impress "us" and more doorways will be open for you. One advice, you are a whole new person here. Take advantage of it.

Ailis crumbled the parchment as her hand wreathed into flames which consumed the note. What is this game he's playing, she asked herself. She became aware of a humanoid crow-like creature staring at her; whether from lusty interests or deadly intents she wasn't sure. Sparing it no other thought, she left the tavern and went her way in the night. She snuck into an alleyway and threw a spell of invisibility over herself.

The creature failed to pursue her and Ailis thought herself safe until something shot pass her, just inches away from her neck. What was it? Where was it from? Who was the culprit? Her concealment was still up, but that shot was obviously marked for her. Cautiously, the mage flattened herself against the corner of a wall and scanned around. If only she could spot where the shooter was, she thought. It was too dark to see. Right now, she felt like open target. She was getting worried, her heart was racing, and she wasn't sure what to do.

Another shot almost struck her, the bolt lodged itself into the wall, a finger's width too close. It was crossbow ammunition, and that meant the weapon needed time to be reloaded after each time it fired. Ailis took the opportunity to quickly run down the alleyway and into an abandoned hovel.

Peering through the little openings through a barred window she saw a roguish looking man with a crossbow standing on one of the rooftops sending silent signals. Hmph, more than one assassin. I certainly feel special. Ailis' hand gestured; her invisible cloak shed, and two magic missiles jet through open air, then burst against the assassin's leg, causing him to fall off the building. The sound of broken bone silenced the surprised scream. There, that's one less. This is kinda fun, Ailis giggled.

"You've got nowhere to run, give it up. We got you surrounded," a man's voice roughly called out.

Ailis quickly went to the opposite window, barred in the same fashion and saw no one in the little openings. She couldn't tell where the voice was from.

"Look, if you're working for Firfel, we're willing to talk," the man spoke again.

He was somewhere ground level, she knew.

"What's this? Shoot first and talk later? What a very charming approach. What's next, are you going to stab me, then hand me flowers?" Ailis asked.

"Okay, we came off on the wrong foot, but this can still go smoothly for all of us. Just come out."

He was around the area behind the hovel, which was not visible to her.

"No deal. It wouldn't be smart of me to risk myself upon your words. If you want to talk, show yourself, all of you. Come to the left side of the building, to the window, and keep your distance."

Four of them showed, all rugged looking thugs. Ailis knew there were more hiding, so the doorway never escaped her attention and her hands were summoning magic.

"Well then, tell me what it is that this is about."

"Let us know whether or not you're in league with Firfel," the leader said. He was a stocky man whose face was as bitter as his voice.

"Our relationship is shaky; I'm not even sure myself to tell you the truth."

"Stop playing fucken coy, are you one of his bitches?" he nearly yelled.

"Since you put it that way, it's a definite 'no.' Must I remind you of your endearing charisma? I'm sure your flying spittle adds much care to your words."

Some of the henchmen chuckled and the man's face turned a dark shade of red.

"Alright, since you got such a big fucking mouth. Firfel is sure to keep you around just for good dick sucking. And since….AHHHH!" The man collapsed to his knees clutching the melting flesh on one side of his face.

Ailis smiled wryly at his anguish. She had never tested her acid arrow spell on a living being before. Now that she saw how cruel its infliction could be, she took it delightfully. The thugs scattered and as the mage prepared to veil herself under invisibility an explosion knocked her to the ground.

A weasel of a man stepped through the large opening and through the cloud of dust. Ailis went back to preparing a spell, but the man aimed a wand and shot something at her. It was thick, blob-like and covered her face completely and tightly, suffocating her. She lost her vision, concentration and she couldn't' breathe. As she struggled, she heard the door break open accompanied by laughter which was instantly replaced by pain.

Fighting went about her as she was slowly losing her senses. Someone clutched her arm and swung her hard, then let go of her until she fell. She rolled along the ground until she struck a wall. She felt parts of her body bruise and scrape. A burning pain ran along one of her elbows. She had an idea. Her hand became a torch and when she held it close to the mask on her face, it loosened and slipped off her.

Relieved and becoming aware of her surrounding she saw blades flash against the moonlight in the darkness of the hovel in front of her. Quickly she cloaked herself invisible and fled from the scene. Whoever it was that saved her most likely knew of the risk it involved itself in, so good luck to that person, she thought. She couldn't waste anymore time dealing with this, she had a job to do and she didn't want to be late.

The Merchant District greeted her with guards, cobblestones and fine structures. As Ailis walked down the street she noticed how astute the layouts of the buildings were. There were shops for each specific type of trade goods. The shops were aligned in a way to compliment each other. She passed between two shops, one for ham and one for bread. And just across them were shops for cheese and wine. It seemed like most of the place was similarly designed. It was structured for convenience and easy flow of economy.

The young woman knew about it, but the order and cleanliness in this part of the city still surprised her. When she made it to the Sword Swallower, she dropped her invisibility before walking in. The lights were dim and the atmosphere, mellow. Nothing explicit as the name suggested was going on, only people relaxing and talking quietly. 

One of the serving wenches came to her and asked, "Hi, what is it that I can help you with? Will you prefer our cocktail bar or to lounge on our cushions? And would you prefer any company? Oh, I'm sorry, you must be new here. Should I fill you in on our rules?"

The offers were tempting to Ailis's sore body, but she said, "No, no," then whispered the password to the woman.

The waitress eyed her carefully then said, "Right this way please."

The mage followed the older woman into the wine cellar and behind a hidden pathway.

"What is this all about?" Ailis asked, before stepping through.

"Sorry, I don't know anything else. This was all I was told to do. Whatever it is, good luck," then she closed the door.

The whole thing was too clandestine for her own good, but Ailis really had no choice. In the short amount of time she was here, she had already made too many enemies to handle herself. She needed more power and allies, she decided as she continued down the long corridor.

When the mage reached the opposite end, she cast the last of her invisibility spell before stepping through. She found herself in another cellar with many crates. A commotion brought her upstairs and into the main hall of a large manor where she saw injured guards as captives to roguish men. Ailis followed them into a conference room with one large rectangular table in the center. Two men sat on opposite ends; one was a regal looking young man with long blond hair and the other one who was bound by magic was her grandfather.

She recognized him despite his bestial appearance. It was years ago; she only met him once and his looks was more human then, but her memory had served her well. Now he was a feral creature; a humanoid lion with bright red hair and muscles upon muscles on a robust body that would rival most men younger than him. And he was an ancient, probably in his nineties. Yet here he was, like a wild animal caged by the spells of an aging wizard looming over him.

Ailis was not sure if she could free her grandfather of the spell, it was too advanced for her. If she failed, her life would be at stake. How important was her grandfather to her, she wondered. She hardly knew him.

"Well, father. Since you refused my proposition, you put me in a very delicate situation. I'm very close to just outright kill you and claim your position, but something tells me maybe I can still persuade you," the blond man said as the guards were aligned along the long sides of the table. When the man made a gesture one guard was forced face down on the table and his head was quickly severed. The blond man continued, "…The only way I can."

Ailis saw her grandfather's eyes intensified in its fury and the hair on the back of her neck stood up. As for the man who claimed to be her grandfather's son, she'd never seen him before. He looked around her age, maybe a little younger. Her grandfather must have had another wife other than her blood grandmother, because no one in her family had blond hair. Her attention was brought back by the soldiers' cry of panic as another head was severed, then another. They began to plead to her grandfather for their lives.

After the third head was decapitated the blond man spoke again, "Well father, how important are your soldiers' lives? Will you give up the secrets to the Gate of Erueshnah or do you enjoy witnessing the rest of your loyal followers beheaded. Think of their family, dad. Menos, let him speak." The blond man gestured to the wizard.

Menos loosened his control of the Hold spell a little. This was a good chance for Ailis to interrupt the spell, but she was more curious about the Gate of Erueshnah. The young woman knew that Erueshnah was the Forsaken, a fallen angel of the Void. And to have the key to one of her hidden gates meant access to much ancient powers. Just the thought of it was seductive.

"Curse you to the abyss Jonal, you son-of-a-bitch!" Her grandfather's protest was cut short when the wizard returned his full control to the spell.

Jonal laughed and said, "I take it that's a no. Well, it seems that my father does not care for your lives. Well, today is your lucky day soldiers. Your lord has betrayed you, but I give you the opportunity to give your allegiance to me and your deaths will be spared."

Twenty more heads were severed and twelve loyalties were degenerated. The screams, mass execution and bloodshed did something to Ailis. It tore at her soul; she felt the pain of guilt, yet she was lost in awe. She could have done something to prevent this, but yet she couldn't. Like a dream within a dream within a dream; fighting futilely against something unseen, trying to reach a reality. She was petrified.

"Oh, and speaking of son-of-a-bitch, lets bring in that bitch," the young man said. The woman that was brought forth was a golden skinned and flaxen haired beauty. She retained her splendor in her thirties, but fear marred her graceful good looks.

"What is going on here? Jonal?" The woman's mouth quivered.

"Ask father, he's been keeping secrets from us," Jonal said.

"Dear Kalimas, please. What is this madness?"

Jonal made a gesture and the wizard loosened his control a bit. It was another chance Ailis didn't take. She wanted to see if her grandfather would let loose the secrets this time. She wanted that secret.

"You cannot do this boy. She is your mother!" yelled Kalimas.

Jonal rose, almost stood and said, "I am doing nothing! It's your stubbornness that will allow more atrocities to happen to the helpless. Are your secrets more important than your wife? This is my last trump card old man; do be careful of your decision."

Rage and shame simmered in those animal eyes. Kalimas said as calmly as he could, "Sharon, my love. You must understand that if I give him what he wants many more lives will suffer. I cannot live with myself for being part of that."

Jonal laughed, "You were once a feared mercenary lord. Hundred of lives fell because of you. Killing was how you made your living. They called you the "Red Lion" and now you become a saint?" 

"Please! Enough! All of you! Jonal, let me go, I want nothing to do with this," the woman cried.

"It is for that old man to decide."

"Ectho surma valien…." Kalimas chanted.

The room filled with dark sorcery and Ailis felt her blood running. Something echoed deep within her being. She wanted more, but in a fit of panic Jonal yelled and Menos quickly returned his control to silence Kalimas.

"Too close old man, that was daring of you. You have pushed me beyond my reasons. Soldiers, for your change of fealty I will show you my kindness as your master. Take your lust upon your former lady." 

Without hesitation the soldiers silenced Sharon's protest with a hard slap, then they proceed to tear off her clothes. They laid her back on top of the table as one middle aged guard climbed on the woman and entered her, never gently.

"Fair lady! Here's for all the times you looked down on me. Now I'm looking down on you," he said as he pumped in her quickly and carelessly like a horny dog.

As the woman cried and struggled futilely the other men gathered and brought out their cocks. They gaped and fondled all over her naked body. They took turns sucking her large breasts.

Kalimas was fuming and looked ready to burst, but Ailis was wide eyed with curiosity at the disgusting display. It felt so wrong to just stand still and watch the scene that she felt herself getting hot.

One rough man said, "I've been wanting to fuck this bitch for a long time. If working for you means I get pussies like this, I made the right choice. Hurry Chanlain, let me get a turn."

"Hold on!" The man exerted his utmost before he was spent, then his place was quickly replaced.

"Just serve me well, and you will be served well. I'm more generous than my father as you can see," Jonal said.

"Haha, I can see alright. I can feel it too. This cunt is nice. How you like me now bitch?" the rough man asked as he pounded himself heavily upon the lady.

"Hey, I think she's beginning to enjoy it," a fat man said.

"Of course she is, you fool. She's wet all over my cock."

"I want to fuck her mouth," said a greasy looking man, "but I'm afraid she might bite my dick off."

"Just threaten her with a knife under her throat, she's afraid of sharp objects," Jonal said.

The greasy man complied and then he rammed his cock in her mouth. "Damn, this is hot," he said.

A fat man fucked the jiggling breasts as the woman's pussy was replaced by another cock. All the while, others started rubbing their cocks on whatever part of the woman's body they could. Some were slapping their dicks against her face just to get a feel of that rich skin.

Jonal looked as if he was more savoring the anguish suffered by his father than being turned on by the scene. Ailis couldn't bother to comprehend how deep this father and son feud was, she was getting wet. She scared herself. She wanted to end this gang rape, but she hesitated. Maybe she didn't really want to.

Angri veladrois metajiri slamma ritit...

Something whispered from deep within her. Huh? Ailis asked silently as she watched the lady Sharon being turned over and fucked hard from behind by a broad build man. Her wide ass quivered and was lifted upward with each thrust. She had to stand on her toes. Her mouth was shoved down the cock of a bald man as he grasped her blond locks. Tears and sweat smeared her make-up.

Erueshnah!

The candles' fire started to flicker.

The deep feminine voice brought Ailis back to her childhood. A memory thought lost. Before Firfel, before her introduction to magic, and before the first time she met her grandfather she saw the Void; a lonely and desolate grey waste. The ruin of everything that once was; a place where even the gods feared to tread. It was the all consuming entropy. That was a past, no, that was a part of her that her parents did much to conceal.

When her vision returned to her, she saw the lady Sharon bruised and exhausted. She was subdued; both her pussy and asshole were filled with a cock, her hands and mouth were switching from one cock to the next; her body was flushed and messily stained with cum. She obeyed the men's cruel lusts, but her eyes were glazed.

Everyone and even herself was surprised when Ailis' voice shot through the room like lightning.

"Ectho surma valien angri veladrois metajiri slamma ritit Erueshnah!"

Thunder followed as the lights went out. Chaos went into motion; panic came with the shrieking blades, bodies collided and something slithered in. Death wailed; a lion's roar broke out, the floor rumbled and magic sparked as blood spurted. Ailis lighted the room with fireflies and she saw large black tentacles reached out of many swirling port-holes.
