 Ailis clutched at the neck of her travel cloak as she hopped off the carriage. The young woman's fresh face and bloomed figure would only attract unwanted attention, hence the need to conceal herself; especially in the free city Revela, where all sorts of unsavory characters made their livings. A place where monsters walked amongst humans. Anyone and anything were welcome to do business here, and that is exactly why Ailis is here. She knew though, that the opportunities were fraught with dangers, and she was prepared. She was afraid. She was excited.

After Ailis paid her fare and respect to the merchant, she turned to the bustling crowd of the flea market. She passed by a couple of brutish orcs browsing through several wicked looking blades hanging on display under a small tent. One of the pig faced creatures reared his ugly head and Ailis avoided eye contact. No need to get into a fight so soon, she thought. Though it was the first time she saw orcs in person, her studies taught her that these savage race were easily provoked. Even with just a curios look. And her near innocent appeal would only tempt those rapacious monsters more.

Ailis quickly turned a corner around a vending booth. Grease and broiling flesh assaulted her senses.

A green skinned hag that attended a cauldron asked her, "Yer looking lost lassie, need sumthin' to fill yer belly while ye try to get yer noggin straight? Just two silvers can get ye filled up nice…And then some. Heehehee! Here, have a taste. Ye'll be beggin' fer more."

Ailis wrinkled her small nose and said, "No thank you, but maybe you can tell me where I can find an elf called Firfel Gyssethym?"

"Ah! Now that's a familiar name. I hear lots 'er women drop their britches for him. Maybe ye are one? Lots of vengeful husbands are seeking his head too, so he has to be elusive. Now, where could the little devil be, hmmm…"

Ailis got the cue and handed over five gold coins. She needed to find her old lover; he was her only trustworthy source in this alien city. 

"Heh heh hee. Very nice my sweet, but like I said, 'he's very elusive and yer not the only one looking to ride that stallion."

She dropped a dozen more gold pieces into the witch's sickly hand. Ailis wasn't familiar with bribery, but if she had to give up all the money to find Firfel, so be it. He would have to compensate for her lost. 

"Ah! Now that's much better. Gold reveal secret pathways, and yer beginnin' to get the gist of a trade city. Now, as for that wild elf, he lives in the Temple of the Goddess of Magic and Death. It is located in the Graveyard District, but ye won't find him there. The lad really gets around; he's usually with some random merchant's wife somewhere or out killing something. So, my best bet would be fer ye to start asking around in the Spiral Decent. It is a tavern just further down the road, ye can't miss it. He's often seen there."

The ugly crone's dirty remarks on the elf's sexual exploits were really grating on Ailis, but nonetheless she thanked the old harpy and went her way. She knew how polygamous Firfel was, but she didn't appreciate it being rubbed in her face by a stranger. After passing through a swarm of buyers and sellers the young woman realized that her money pouch was missing. Great, just great, she thought. And she had no idea who stole it, until there was a commotion.

Obviously she wasn't the only victim of the pickpocket. The culprit she saw was a little green goblin who was being lifted off the ground by a triple horned ogre of massive size and muscle. Ailis felt really bad for the creature getting caught despite witnessing her pouch being confiscated by the ogre. Her fear was relieved when the goblin was dropped, but then it assaulted her in ten folds when the vile giant stomped on the goblin's head. There was a squashy sound accompanied by a heavy thump and the dirt ground was splattered with thick blood and brain pieces.

The only scream she heard was from her mouth. Multitudes of eyes were fixed on her immediately like she was the only strange one around. No one else seemed severely affected by the carnage; they just avoided the scene, and went about their affairs. The apathy astounded her, those dangerous stares alarmed her, and the vision of cruel death provoked her. Her screams fell into arcane incantations, the ether gathered around her palm in swirling dust of light, and she unleashed a bolt of lightning.

It raced across the air and burnt through the ogre. His bulk was sent crashing into a tent, taking it down with him. More energy surged within Ailis and like her anger, it want to be released. Those eyes, those monsters. They fled at her display of power, or at least most of them did. Four menacing creatures approached her; a giant snake with arms holding two swords, a centaur with a spear, and the couple of orcs from before.

"I knew she was fresh meat when I first saw her. So the cunt thinks she's tough eh? Let's see how tough she is," one of the orc spoke. Though the voice was guttural, it was clearly spoken for a monster.

Ailis felt cocky from the exhilaration, but she doubt she could take them all. Regardless, she began to prepare another spell. Before a word was formed, a dark figure stepped up besides her. He was fully suited in black armor that looked like it was from the far eastern continent, and his head was hidden behind a visored helmet. Ailis was not sure of the stranger's intent, but it wasn't until she heard his melodious voice did she smile.

"Hey, what the fuck do you assholes think you're doing? This chick can make you all en flambé with a snap of a finger. Such idiots! Haha. I love you guys, but I can't resist a fight when I see one. Bring it on!" Firfel unhooked his spear.

"Dammit Firfel, why do you always like to butt into our business?!" The half-man, half-horse yelled. The centaur looked furious.

"You know me buddy; I just can't keep my hands to myself."

"Lookiess Firfels, wees nots knows zee girl vas yours. Tis vas sa mistakes, it von't happen agains. Yous knows us, wees never touchs yours stuffs. Lets go guys," said the yuanti. The serpent creature shut the centaur up with a threatening glare and they all turned and quickly lost themselves in the crowd.

"Damn, I thought I was going to get a little exercise, but oh well," said Firfel. He turned to Ailis and gestured her to follow him. The couple got a good distance away from the flea market before he spoke again, "What the fuck are you doing here? You should know better than to pick a fight with those guys, they would rape you."

"I wouldn't let them touch me; I knew what I was doing. Beside, you're the one who told me to look you up after I reached my third tier of spells. So here I am."

"Yeah, but I didn't actually expect you to come…"

"What?! I left my school, my family, my friends and my home so I could be with you, and this is how you welcome me?"

"No, no. That's not what I…Bah! Forget it, but seriously why are you here? I know you don't miss me that much. Last time we were together, you were pretty happy I was leaving."

"That's because I was mad at you. What did you expect after I caught you in bed with my mom?"

"I expected you to join us. Hey, stop that! You're going to hurt yourself, this armor is strong. "

"Idiot!" Ailis rubbed her bruised fist.

"So, really. Why are you here?"

"Well, after I developed my lightning bolt spell, I was offered a place among the court mages. Good pay, huge resources, famous associates, but I declined. You know I can't stand that type of people and regulations. I remember what you told me about this city of sin. The only reason I progressed so far and so fast was so I could get started here. I have ambitions Firfel, I'm going to get far in this place."

"Heh, shit. Yeah, what are you now, twenty-two?"

"Twenty, it's been two years since we last seen each other. I was eighteen when you left, what's with you?"

"Oh yeah, haha. You know us elves, years pass by like seasons. So you don't like the upper crust socialites, you think these people are any better?"

"No, of course not. But, I'd feel more enriching dealing with them. Like when I blasted that ogre out of spite, it felt good. This city would allow me to be more radical."

"Heh, in that case then I think you found your right place. But let's not get ahead of yourself, you still got a lot to learn. Here we are, lets fill our appetites first."

The couple entered the Spiral Decent, inside were a variety of monstrosities. Apart from the regular goblins, orcs and trolls were other abominations Ailis could not be bothered to identify. They were drunk, rowdy and foul. There were a couple of curvy nude women dancing provocatively with one another on stage, accompanied by sensual music from a savage minstrel.

"Hey assholes, I'm back," Firfel said after he took off his helmet. 

He still had that otherworldly good looks and impish grin that Ailis loved so much. He looked like some sinister prince that stepped out of an ancient portrait. She missed his beautiful face, but most of the patrons gave him an annoying grunt.

"Don't worry, they still love me. That's just how they show it. Hey Belthar, give me a mug of Naga Frost. What do you want Ailis, something to eat?"

"No, can't stomach any substance after witnessing the gore. I'll have what you have I guess."

"You sure? It's really strong stuff. Want something lighter? Here, come sit next to me."

A gangly half-orc that looked only a few years younger than Ailis slid the drink to Firfel. The bartender asked, "What the fuck Firfel, don't you usually like your women drunk?"

"Belthar meet Ailis, Ailis meet Belthar. Don't worry; he's just bitter because he caught me fucking his mommy. Hey, see, you two have something in common."

"Fuck you Firfel. That's ancient history as far as I'm concerned, but you see Ailis, our friend Firfel here likes to gloat over the dead."

"Shit! She's dead? When? What happen?"

"Yeah, a couple days ago she accidentally teleported herself into the side of a mountain."

"Damn, there goes a nice piece of ass."

"Ahem! Fellas, I would like my drink now."

"Oh, sorry Ailis, what was it you want?" asked Belthar.

"The same thing he has." Ailis pulled down her hood and shook out her light brown tumble of hair after having felt more comfortable in the surrounding.

"Damn babe, I forgot how hot you were. Here, let me have a better look at how much you've grown." Firfel turned her to him and took her cloak off. "What? You're still all dressed up in your school outfit, but damn have your tits grown. Let me check that ass."

Ailis slapped his groping hands and said, "Stop that, we're in public you idiot!"

"So! There are naked women licking each other on stage. Who cares what I do to you?"

"I do. It's embarrassing." Alice noticed several lecherous eyes also staring at her. She couldn't help getting a little turned on from the elf's caress.

"Shit Firfel, save it for the bedroom. Here Ailis, your drink. And by the way, he's right. You are hot."

"Thank you," Ailis blushed. She took a sip, and the taste was vile. She felt like she was poisoned and almost threw it back up, but tried hard to maintain her composure. She didn't want Firfel or anyone to realize her weak constitution. In a place such as this, people eat the weak for breakfast.

"What's this? You trying to hit on my woman?

"Yeah, so what? Is the legendary womanizer getting jealous? This is rich."

"No, I'm just surprised. I thought you like dicks."

Ailis couldn't resist a little guilty chuckle. With determination, she continued to chug down some more of the liquor.

"Fuck you Firfel," changing the subject Belthar asked, "How's the drink Ailis?"

"It's great. I'm beginning to like this place more and more."

"Damn, I can't take it anymore babe. Let's go downstairs and fuck each other's brain out." 

Firfel took her arm and led her into his room, a cozy little place with clean looking sheets. The elf started removing his armors. Ailis downed more of the horrid alcohol, she got into the mood and the taste wasn't all that bothersome. The effect of the drink was slowly kicking in. She felt her body growing cold, but she was burning inside. She laid herself on the bed.

"Firfel. What's happening to me? Was the drink some sort of aphrodisiac?"

The sound of metal clanged against the wooden floor.

"No. That's just you getting horny. Heheh. The Naga Frost only cools down your body, demanding heat for an enhanced feeling. But, since you're already hot and bothered, you pretty much created aphrodisiac for yourself. Hehee."

"So that's why you were feeling me up, you devil."

"It's not my fault you're still sensitive to my touches. Haven't you been experimenting with others while we were separated? Like, to get even with me or something?"

Ailis began to undress herself as she spoke, "No, you know none of those people appeal to me. And besides, if I wanted to cheat on you I would have done it a long time ago. You've made it clear that you weren't monogamous even before you took my flower. I knew you were laying with most of my friends and colleagues, even my mentors and relatives. When you got my mother too, that's when you went too far. But I'm over it now, and after seeing a bit of how you and your associates live I kind of understand. I have to accept such dysfunctional behaviors because I plan to live here too. "

"I always knew you were a fast learner, which was what attracted me to you in the first place." Firfel held his palm as she was about to remove her blue skirt. She remembered how much he loved to fuck her with nothing but her long skirt on.

"Whatever. I was just another one of your many conquests. Your lies don't work anymore. I'm no longer a little girl."

When he removed his pelvis armor off, Ailis pulled him towards her as she sat down on the mattress. She licked her pouty lips as she removed his breeches. She missed his clean, hairless cock in her mouth. She pulled out his large manhood and started jerking the shaft, then tease the head with her tongue.

"Damn…That's good. So, ugh…Was there another reason why you were so anxious to come here?"

"Like what?" She asked, then began to suckle his pinkish tip.

"Oh I don't know. Maybe, since you never liked human men, that's why you're here. Ouch!"

She bit him some, just not enough to break the skin. "You think I come all the way here just to fuck monsters?!"

"No. But I know you're kinkier then you're letting on. Just like all those repressed mages at your school. And this city will dramatically affect you."

"Maybe," she smirked and then kissed his dick before sliding a good length of it into her saucy mouth. She was never able to take his whole length in, and his girth stretched her wide. She had to compensate with her hands running along half his pole, the other half reaching only the beginning of her throat as her other hand fondled his balls. Once in awhile she would switch her mouth to his nut-sack and massage his penis tip with her palm.

"Ahh! I just want to be straight with you, like I've always been. Oh yeah...If you want to fuck other people and or creatures, I don't mind. Just be careful though, many will stab your back regardless."

By then Firfel had already removed the rest of his armor and clothing. Ailis eyes roamed up to take in his slender and lean form. He had perfect abs and his muscles were ripped under that beautiful light brown skin that tinted with a bit of bright olive. Her sea-green eyes met his dark brown. He wore a smile that should have belonged to a dark jester.

"How kind of you to worry about me, but shouldn't your mind be all involved with me at this moment, instead of what I'm going to fuck later? Or have you also developed peculiar tastes?" Ailis chuckled after she slipped her mouth off his cock. She stood up on her feet, the top of her head only reaching his sharp nose as she was only five feet and four inches.

"Bullshit. You know I only fuck women, and I'm going to remind you why," Firfel said as he lifted her and they both fell onto the bed with laughter.

The elf's hard, yet smooth body against the human's soft and fair skin made for a sexy contrast. He pushed himself off the bed as he lifted her skirt above her waist and guided himself into her. The wet entrance was crowned with a tuft of light brown hair. The girl elicited a loud gasp in welcome. 

"Ah…Fucking moist," he said.

She splayed her legs outward in the air and let the wildling slowly slide in and out of her border. With each thrust he loosened her more, allowing her to encompass more of his length. Ailis cries grew louder as her nails tore Firfel's back.

"Because Pussies," he managed between grunts, "are more deadly than any weapon." His thrust became harder and sharper, "More powerful than any magic!" He filled her to the hilt and the heavy pounding caused her to sweat, "And can start or stop wars!"  


The elf pinned her thighs with his hands as he thrashed himself against her. His heavy balls slapped her butt, adding to the tingling sensation. Ailis could see his body straining and his eyes narrowing as he fucked her relentlessly. She was in pain, it really turned her on, her screams went wild and she came. Her body stiffened for a moment. Firfel still kept his pace and the girl just heaved under him. Every powerful thrust knocked her body senseless, causing her mind to ring.

She pulled his head down to her pert breasts and he began to lap and suck at her pink nipples. Her fingers dug into the wild crop of his midnight hair and played with the short ponytail. She began tonguing the tip of his ear and felt his body quake.

"Not yet," he heavily breathed out. His body relaxed and laid upon her with his rigid cock still deep inside.

"I know, but I already came. I just needed you to calm down so my body can rejuvenate for another round," Ailis said as she brought his sexy lips to hers.

Their tongues danced fervently with each other. Ailis wrapped her legs around him tightly and clutched his sleek butt with her hands. She relished him still inside her, but she also wanted to prevent him from working her insides too much.

Firfel's hands reached up to fondle her creamy breasts. He took both mounds in hand and rolled them along her chest. His rough manipulation of her ample tits caused her to moan in his mouth.

"Alright, ready?" Asked Firfel, after pulling from her mouth.

"Uh huh…But I'm kind of tired, make it quick."

"Alright, just lay on your front."

They untangled themselves with a wet sound as he pulled out. Ailis took a pillow and laid her pelvis on it, uplifting her ass. She knew he was going for anal. She didn't mind it. Sometimes she enjoyed it, so long as her pussy was also pleased. She was too tired at the moment, so she didn't bother and just laid there and rested her eyes.

She felt rough hands roam the smooth contour of her butt. A thumb rubbed against her bud. A finger penetrated her, then two. The sensation burned her, and she couldn't help as a sigh escape her. She yelped when a sharp pain stung her butt.

"Stop playing around, just cum and get it over with already!"

She heard him laughing and then he said, "But I really like how your ass jiggles."

"I don't care. I'm tired!"

"Alright, alright."

With that, the elf spread her tush and made a slow, but forceful entry all the way to his hilt. Ailis screamed through her teeth, her hands grasped the sheets. A tear drop forced itself out of her and she could feel her pussy getting moist again. She paid it no attention.

Firfel pulled himself out bit by bit as he ground himself against the girl. Her asshole clamped tightly around his cock like a rosy ring. He felt it swallowing him back in deeply every time he pulled out. The feeling was remarkable, which provoked him. The elf felt the urge to grab the girls long brown hair. He leaned forward and did so with a handful. Tilting her head slightly, he pulled her back a bit, so her back arched.
