 Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. (c) Etaski 2016.

This is the second of three "bonus" stories I will be releasing in December and January as I work on Chapter 39 of Surfacing. :) It can be read on its own, though readers of my Red Sister series will recognize these characters.

Please enjoy this story of Vian and her squad from "Surfacing." Thank you for reading! 

*****

Vian

She spoke voiceless into his ear, barely stirring the air. "Don't make a sound..."

She had her gloved hand pressed against his mouth, just in case. She inhaled the scent of his hair, banded into a queue reaching to his mid-back; she licked the edge of his ear. There was sweat, and dirt, and a hint of enemy blood.

"I watched you fight. Not bad. It turned me on."

A tremor passed through him and she stepped into deeper shadow, drawing him with her. They were on the back side of a storage shed. There were other Drow working about the grounds, a few guards loitering, watching as much for their Matron as they were for anything which didn't belong. There was some risk of being discovered.

"Is this your first time?" she whispered, her breath trembling as she reached around to the front to touch him, sliding her hand along a taut stomach protected only by a rough shirt, dipping further down to his sex.

He was hard. He shook his head slightly: No. 

She felt her gut tighten, her crotch surging with heat. Not a novice. 

"Is this your first time on a squad?"

He nodded, his breath catching as she gently bit his neck.

"Is this your first time being caught like this after surviving a fight?" she asked hotly, squeezing his erection. She heard a low, pleasured sound from deep in his throat as she rubbed her crotch up against his ass.

He nodded again.

"You hurt anywhere?"

He slowly lifted one hand to sign. *Left thigh. Salve and bandage.*

Perfect. 

Vian growled low and turned him eagerly around to face her, pressing her larger body against him, pinning him to the wall of the shed. The young male allowed her to step between his legs, forcing them wider, and line up their bellies. He was firm as a blade against her, and she could already feel his heat seeping in. She took one last glance around the corner to see if anyone had spotted them and already on their way over. 

The path was clear.

"Okay," she whispered, grasping his jaw in both hands and taking his mouth in a rough kiss, spearing her tongue between his lips to taste him.

Ah, there was that heady spice she loved! The only time she found it was right after a fight. It did not matter if one was victorious or not; the entire struggle was in the taste. And sometimes, like now, so was that familiar metallic flavor; he must have bitten the inside of his cheek because no one had punched him in the mouth.

"Push 'em down," she murmured wetly, helping herself to a few more sucks and nips on his neck and ears as he complied.

The breath of her newest acquisition was uneven and he shivered at least once, loosening the base leather protection of his leggings and slipping them down over his hips. The material stopped at mid-thigh, as far as his fingertips could reach without bending over. She glanced down and could see a hint of that bandage on his left thigh, his balls drawn up tight, his prick jutting out. The very tip of it was fragrant and damp.

"Hands up," she ordered, "above your head. Hold the edge."

She used several hidden spots where she liked to coax her conquests, but this particular shed was nice for possessing a strong relief between stone roof and stone wall; it made a great handle at about the right height. The fighter's body was stretched out as he complied, his arms still bent at the elbows and just helpless enough in front of a ranking female to suite her.

"Good. Don't let go until I've given the order. Nothing loud; bite your tongue if you have to."

She sank silently to one knee, caressing his back and waist beneath his shirt as he softly sucked in air. She opened her mouth and tasted the tip of his erection, swirling her tongue around and testing his willpower.

"Sarge...ah!" he gasped.

She lifted her mouth. "I said 'quiet.'"

Vian stood up with a smirk, amused and aroused just watching him as he stared at her opening her own trousers. The corners of his mouth twitched when he saw her white bush; he wanted to smile. 

Lolth damn them, but she loved it when a lowbie neither crumpled under her lust nor got on her nerves trying to bury his nose in her asshole afterward, as if her fucking them meant they were her special pet. She'd learned to wait until after a fight before choosing a new one; she knew what to look for now. This one wanted to dive into her cunt and get relief; he was excited to have survived the clash with the other House, excited to be chosen by a ranking female among the House Guard, but he wasn't plotting for "afterward" right-fucking-now like so many fecal heads.

He always could plot later, but that was when she really tested the fit with her as his new Sergeant.

Her pants were down to about the same level and she turned around, backing her bare ass cheeks up against him as she reached above her head to grip the edge as well, her hands just outside of his. She looked over her shoulder, her teasing smirk still in place.

"No hands, lowbie. You want to pierce my hole? You work with me, not against me."

His body heat had risen incredibly; he nodded and waited, held himself still and prepared as she worked her buttocks over him, parted her legs enough to allow his member between her thighs. Her netherlips were slathered in her own arousal, she coated him in only a prodding stroke or two.

Fffffuck, this is gonna feel good. 

Vian expected to tease him—and she did, drawing out the final penetration even though he'd attempted a good, patient aim more than a few times. He still wasn't working with her, he merely had some skill in rutting.

He impressed her when he figured out what she was hinting at. He backed off and teased her as well, moving his hips so carefully, nudging his toy playfully along her nub, poking at each hole in turn but clearly with no intention to thrust in.

"Ungh," she groaned, looking down to see the head of his penis nestled just visible in her bush; she tightened her thighs, the tingles and tightening of pleasure increasing with the pleasure. "Yeah...back and forth...only a fuckin' finger-width, understand? Keep it up and I'll cream all over you..."

He needed to catch his breath and adjust his grip on the shed but he worked with her. No doubt his arms were starting to burn like hers, but also like her, he could take it. He nudged back and forth, stimulating her pleasure spot, licking his lips, moaning softly. Waiting.

Vian's hips jerked at the moment of truth, her thighs squeezing him and grinding his shaft against her clit. She exhaled once before sucking in her breath and holding it, feeling the surge of pleasure roar up from her gut and overtake her entire body. Her muscled arms flexed as she held herself up solely by her grip on the shed. She never vocalized her pleasure, but the sweat and heat rising and her panting breath as she coasted down would be enough for anyone smart enough to pay attention.

"Sergeant," he whispered, sounding pleased but aching at the same time.

"Mmm," she sighed. "Very nice... Pick your hole, Eallo."

The melee fighter hesitated just a moment—understandably, he thought it could be a trick—but she was interested in his choice.

"Don't wait until the glow is gone, boy," she warned with a drunken chuckle.

His cock was drenched already; so much sweat and fluid and pre-cum between them. Eallo shifted his hips with deliberation, ended it by pressing his spongey cap against her puckered back hole, bracing his pole behind it. He paused, still asking.

Vian purred and relaxed her asshole, and the lowbie pushed the head in, stretching her open.  Oh, yes... 

She worked with him to slide it halfway inside before they had to stop and adjust. He withdrew partway but then thrust in deeper, nearly to his balls, their hands still clutched to the stonework above them.

"Fuck...!" she encouraged as he filled her, moving herself to stroke a few times in turn, massaging his cock for him as she enjoyed the sensations in her own back portal. She might not cum again before he did, but for certain she liked what he was doing.

He's fucking my ass like he can't get enough...! Oh, Goddess! 

"Cum inside me, lowbie," she whispered.

Eallo didn't take long; he had been teased more than enough already. Vian listened to his breath behind her as it changed, as the fucking got regular and faster; his air stuttered to a halt as he thrust between her cheeks one last time and held still. He might've even bit down on his tongue to keep that quiet. 

She focused on the subtle pulses of his cock wedged into her netherhole and laughed silently to herself, content to have the slimy essence spurted deep inside her bowels. Either hole was good; Vian wouldn't catch regardless where she took her subordinates' semen, but she wondered whether Eallo knew that? Maybe he just liked anal.

Given enough time, she'd find out. This one just might make a good fit in more ways than one.

*******

"Sergeant qe'Prohn."

"Grandmaster Matalai'ko."

Vian bowed her head to their ancient weapons instructor—and one of the single most important possessions the Matron had in maintaining the status of their House— reflecting how his solid blond queue actually coiled around itself several times on the ground whenever he sat down. 

What is Y'shir doing on the floor, anyway? 

"Grandmaster, do you need assistance to your feet?"

"No, Vian. I am well. I have not fallen, if that is what you wonder." 

A lot of fine lines showed in the old Drow's face when he smiled, around his eyes and mouth especially. The Sergeant grunted at that, taking it at face value and moving toward the crossbows for which she'd come.

"Have you made progress on your idea, Sergeant?" Y'shir asked mildly.

"Baby steps," she muttered, sorting through the ones better or worse for wear, checking the warmth-sensing crystal on each, pointing it unloaded in the Grandmaster's direction. He didn't seem to mind. "Still building my 'dream team.'"

"You've not presented it to the Matron, then."

"With all due respect, Grandmaster, I think I'll wait until Miz'ri has forgotten Izabal. The Matron's been in a decades-long foul mood since she disappeared. Besides," Sergeant Vian added, selecting three crossbows, shouldering two of them on each other and carrying the third in her hands. "I have time. And if I die, then I don't, and it won't matter."

Y'shir smiled at her with a warmth that had always been there, yet why was hard to pin down.

"Many talk about you, how often you trade or switch out your elite," he said a tone which held neither warning nor disapproval. It sounded like casual conversation. "They say your end-goal must be to sample the entire House army, though they are often much more crude than that."

She shrugged. "You know my elite have to be the right mindset, and no one can help me pick them, not even the Matron trying to give her grandchildren a boost under a competent lead. Gotta be my way or I'm doing nothing new."

The old fighter chuckled softly. "Yes, I know, Vian. You are wise for your age."

She smirked at him. "Had a decent teacher. He should get a hair trim, though, I heard he keeps tripping over his queue and sits on the floor until someone finds him."

"After long enough, one quits being in such a hurry."

"More action for me, then." 

She stopped just before leaving. No matter that Y'shir always said he was well, she hadn't seen him use any Blade Song in years. 

"I think the Matron is in a hurry, though. How long since your last apprentice?"

A somber air came over the old Drow; he shook his head. "A student is right, or a student is not, you know this. Miz'ri won't allow me to choose from another House yet, but she is receiving pressure from the other Matrons. They won't wait too much longer before possibly doing something drastic."

"Why we always have to be prepared," Vian said, looking to the side for a moment. "I'm sorry I wasn't 'right' as your apprentice, Y'shir."

He lifted his hand languidly, waving it off. "I'm proud of you, regardless, Vian. You are an inventor. You must take advantage of these times in which we can breathe. I commend you, and I will tell the Matron so."

The Sergeant smiled a bit, took a deep breath, and left.

******

Saida's eyes were covered tightly; she was bound immobile for the second time. 

This young battle mage wasn't quite as nervous as the time before; Vian even spied her bare ass pushing subtly back at Jahn's hand as he slid it to cup her sex from behind. Her legs were spread and held open with a matte black bar between her knees; she couldn't close them if she tried. The male mage pressed his palm firmly to her mound, letting his aura pop and waver in his rising excitement, making her squirm.

Vian and Eallo observed and kept look-out, keeping their distance as Jahn did as he would to the helpless female. The three of them were the only core part of the team in the last year or so; everyone else had been traded out.

Their newest battle mage would have difficulty defending herself if she felt threatened. Her mouth was gagged, her wrists bound with rope which also kept her arms against her torso. Her shoulders were on the ground with her face turned to the side. She couldn't see or speak, much less cast, strike out, or run. The only thing she had was a spell stick— something Jahn had given to her as a gift—which she clutched in her right fist. 

If she snapped the stick, a small burst of light would tell both Jahn and her Sergeant that Saida wanted the test to stop; she wanted to be released. If she did that, she would be traded to another fighting team before the week was out. This was not a punishment in itself, but a snapped stick simply meant it wouldn't work between them.

"Mmm," Saida moaned, flinching as Jahn leaned and ran the tip of his tongue across the sensitive flesh which formed her crack. He licked both sides, one at a time, about as close as he could get to her anus without using his hands to spread her or smothering his face between her cheeks. The light touch made her shiver.

"Trust him," Vian whispered, again glancing out to see whether anyone approached the small cave on the edge of the property. Clear for now. "We're here."

Jahn glanced at his Sergeant and smiled a bit then went back to concentrate on Saida's body, keeping one hand on her mons and the other roaming in ways which only made sense to him.

The male mage—considered "odd in the head" and "weak" by many—hardly spoke except to cast. Vian had trained him for a year, and discovered he was fast and observant and silent—but only under her lead. He liked her, admired her decisions under pressure. He had been the first battle mage who fit her needs. Jahn's own test—the "stick" that he couldn't snap without failing—had required far less restraint or persuasion and had been the catalyst for Vian to realize what a precious thing she could build within her Matron's House.

It had been Jahn's idea to wake up Eallo in the barracks one cycle by sucking his prick, but at least he had asked her for permission first. Vian had accepted, curious what would happen. 

Her Right Hand fighter had woken up groaning and close to spilling his load, grabbing hold of the hair as he was given head, and he almost didn't care whose. When he opened his eyes and saw Jahn sucking him, then saw the lust in his Sergeant's face as she watched them...there was a moment of confusion, perhaps, but Eallo relaxed quickly and enjoyed it. Her first male hadn't taken insult, and he had thrust up harder to spurt down Jahn's throat.

Eallo had read her, and trusted her to watch; he had not assumed first it was punishment or humiliation or even a prank. Even more, he'd not been gripped by fear or competitive anger. They trusted her...and each other, apparently. 

Yes. That was what she was looking for. Jahn was right; he was a keeper, and so was Eallo. 

Every test going forward would be different to keep the talk down, as all Drow at House D'Prohn told stories and gossip. From what Y'shir had heard and shared with her, most it was just described as "weird sex play" and any others who had added to Vian's core squad for a short time never knew they were being tested and then traded out when they failed an unseen test. 

Several more years had passed before the three had found their fourth, serious candidate in Saida.

Vian knew Jahn liked Saida's aura very much; they'd already fucked hard several times, Saida keeping tight control on him and on herself. Jahn had subtly chosen her for their "test" and Vian was willing to try. After what Vian had further learned about auras from the strangely quiet male, the truth here was that Saida couldn't fake anything in order to "pass" and stay with them. Jahn would know the truth; he would know her true response.

The young male mage relished manipulating the female's aura this way; he would go for whole marks in complete silence, feeling her body temperature change, her moisture rise, sensing every tremor or quiver. It required a lot of endurance on Saida's part, and she had to be helpless before a male mage—the real reason they were hiding while they figured out whether there could be true bonding here—but she had made it through the first sweat-breaking session without breaking the stick.

Saida was here willingly for a second turn now, holding that same stick as she relinquished all control to her squad.

Vian could feel some of what was happening: the two mages' auras would become very familiar with each other, they could even start to merge during the highest point of pleasure. That was only temporary, though. What Vian wanted to discover was whether auras could merge a little just by relaxing around or relying on each other. Could fighters in the same squad focus together, based on trust?

Every Drow in Vuthra'tern could use magic weapons and most could cast basic spells, but the fact with stronger, well-trained mages was that the aura-merging experience often could turn out badly. Something could happen that would cause Saida to force her magic closed against Jahn forever, and only an outright attack against her could overcome that. Jahn having previous experience with her, an attack might even work, permanently damaging the female mage's ability to cast. 

That had happened before between jilted and bitter former couples. Vian had witnessed it, just not in her own squad. It was a devastating vulnerability and exactly the reason the Matron-Priestesses never merged auras with any but their Draegloth, whose loyalty could be assured.

If Saida broke the stick this time, they were done trying. She'd be closed and they'd have to wait and watch for someone else. It could take decades.

Jahn breathed out through his nose, leaned to inhale her scent at the small of her back, his eyes sliding shut. He wavered as if he were drunk. His hand moved back a little from her mons, gliding his glowing fingers through her folds, two of them slowly disappearing as he eased them into her twitching cunt.

"Mmm...mmmMMM!"  Saida moaned through her gag, squeezing her eyes shut as well.

"Saida," he whispered.

Jahn finger-fucked her slowly and for some time, ignoring his own stiff erection as he explored her on multiple levels, simultaneously. She climaxed once, her toes curling, and she fought for breath afterward through her nose. Most female Drow Vian knew couldn't tolerate this even for a few ticks, much less whole marks, before wanting the control back. Jahn kept pushing her, and together their magic flared.
