 Author's note: I received an e-mail requesting that I write a story about aliens taking over humans and creating insatiable sexual desires. The person requesting this story had read another story on Literotica entitled Hosts. He was disappointed that the author of Hosts did not write any more chapters after the first submission, which is why he asked me to write about this topic. It is my first venture into this story category so let me know what you think. I will continue with story if the feedback in encouraging. Thank you!

INTRODUCTION

Four astronauts aboard the international space station are inhabited by alien hosts who use human sexual desires to re-populate their alien presence. The crew is returned to earth and after being briefed by the space agency they all return to their former lives. The alien's continue to use their human hosts to recruit other humans through the exploitation of sex. 

Chapter 01 -- The International Space Station

Chapter 02 -- Astronauts are debriefed and return to duty 

Chapter 03 -- Rachel returns to her family life

Chapter 04 -- Aaron meets his son's roommate

Chapter 05 -- Carl visits a gay bath house

Chapter 06 -- Sam resumes his private practice

Chapter 07 -- The alien population continues to grow using humans as hosts

CHAPTER 03 -- RACHEL RETURNS TO HER FAMILY LIFE

THE HOMECOMING

Rachel arrived home while her husband Ralph was still sat work and her 18 year old son Ricky was in school. Rachel was anxious to see them both since it had been months since she was home. Rachel also had that burning sensation in her pussy and she was anxious to make love with her husband as soon as he got home. She wondered what her husband would think of her new fit body and big firm tits. Rachel assumed that her husband would be anxious to have sex since Rachel had been gone so long. 

Ralph, however, had not been faithful while his wife was in space. He had started and affair with his secretary and at they very moment she was on her knees in his office sucking his cock. Ralph knew that he would have to cool it now that his astronaut wife was back home but he loved his secretary Betty's blow jobs, so he just had to have one more before he faced his wife. 

As Ralph was getting his pipes cleaned, his son Ricky was in his car making out with his high school sweet heart Cindy. Ricky had parked down the street from Cindy's house and they were kissing and petting before Cindy went into her house. By the time Cindy got out of the car Ricky was ready to cum in his pants. As he drove home his balls ached and he needed to jerk off as soon as he got in the house. Ricky and Cindy had not had sexual intercourse yet but they talked about it since had just turned 18 years old. They had experimented with mutual masturbation and Ricky loved the way Cindy jerked him off. Cindy also liked having her pussy fingered while Ricky sucked on her breasts. Ricky could hardly wait until they took it to the next step.

Ralph and Ricky arrived home about the same time and they were shocked when they saw Rachel. Ralph could not believe how good she looked and her figure was better than ever. Ricky stared at his mom as she had never looked hotter. Then alien inside of Rachel stared through her eyes at the two men and signaled Rachel to kiss them deeply.

"It's so good to see you both," Rachel said happily.

"It's good to see you too, you look great," Ralph replied.

"Yeah mom, you look great," Ricky agreed.

Rachel then embraced her husband and kissed him deeply driving her tongue into his mouth and releasing an alien substance into his mouth. Then Rachel turned and embraced her son and French kissed him depositing an alien form into his mouth. Ricky was shocked at his mother's behavior but he shrugged it off thinking that she was just so happy to see him. 

Ricky then excused himself and went up to his room. All of a sudden he felt very horny and he needed to jerk off. That session with Cindy had a bigger effect on him then he thought. Rachel took Ralph by the hand and led him to their bedroom and within minutes they were naked in bed together. Ralph felt a strange feeling run through his body and his cock ached as it began to stiffen. Ralph stared at his wife's hot body and firm big tits. It looked like she had gotten a boob job but he knew that was not possible. Something must have happened in space that changed her body for the better.

"I need you Ralph," Rachel cooed as she opened her legs to welcome him into her.

"I missed you baby," Ralph lied thinking about his secretary as he pushed his cock into his wife's pussy.

Ralph remembered how his wife only liked to fuck missionary style. She would ride him sometimes or let him fuck her doggy style but she never took it in the ass or sucked his cock. That's what he liked about Betty as she did it all. Of course Ralph had no idea how the time in space had changed his wife but he was about to find out.

Rachel had been dying to get a cock in her since the last time with her fellow astronauts. Now finally her husband was in her but she found that she missed the big cocks of her colleagues. Then she felt her husband's cock begin to swell in her pussy and rub against her clit. Ralph drove into her as he felt her pussy tighten around his cock. He never knew that she could be so tight. Ralph had no idea that the alien body had located itself in him and was causing his body to change. The two of them raced toward their orgasms and Ralph felt his ball sac tighten. He drilled his wife and unleashed a torrent of cum in her pussy. He couldn't believe that he could cum that much particularly after cumming in Betty's mouth earlier that day. What was even more remarkable was that he stayed hard and continued to fuck Rachel until she came and flooded her pussy with her female nectar. Ralph's cock was soaking in a pool of co-mingled love juices. 

Ricky had heard the noise in his parent's bedroom while he was jerking on his cock thinking of his girlfriend Cindy. As the alien form took over Ricky's body it directed Ricky to his parent's bedroom. Ricky stood at their door and watched his parents make love except that it was more raw sex than love. When his dad pulled out of his mother and rolled over on his back, Ricky stared at his father's huge cock. Ricky couldn't believe it as he knew that his father had a smaller cock than that. How could it look so large now? Then Ricky noticed his own cock growing in length and girth to a point where his hand could not wrap around it any longer.

Rachel mounted her husband's big dick and lowered her pussy onto it. Then they began to fuck like animals again. Ricky watched his parents fucking and then he decided that he just had to join in. He walked in the bedroom and with the alien's guidance he got on the bed behind his mother. He stared at her asshole as she humped her husband's cock and then Ricky scooped up her juices and rubbed them on his cock. Ricky used his mother's pussy juice to lubricate his cock and then her asshole.

Rachel felt her son's finger probe her anus and she looked over her shoulder and spoke, "That's it Ricky get my asshole wet. Get it ready for your cock."

Ralph couldn't believe his ears when he heard his wife. She was asking her son to fuck her in the ass. Ricky used his saliva along with her juices to get his cock slippery and then he eased it into her asshole. Rachel groaned with pleasure as the big cock slid into her rectum. Ralph and Ricky could feel each other's cocks through the thin membrane in Rachel's body which was an added turn on for them. The two of them established a rhythm and they skewered Rachel's body. 

Ricky was the first to cum this time and he flooded his mother's ass with his load. Ricky never in a million years would have thought that he would lose his virginity to his mother. He also would have never expected to fuck any girl in the ass much less his mother. Ricky stayed hard and kept pounding his mother's ass until his dad came again and his mother screamed with another orgasm. 

The three of them stayed in bed for hours sucking and fucking. They changed positions each time with the husband and son taking turns in Rachel's pussy, mouth and ass. Ralph couldn't believe the display of raw sex from his wife. He was also shocked that his son had taken her ass before he did. Hours later they finally stopped having sex and collapsed on the bed. The three of them lay there contemplating what had happened and how it would change their lives forever. The alien's inside their human hosts were pleased with what they had accomplished and they looked forward to recruiting more human hosts. 

THE DAY AFTER AT THE OFFICE AND AT SCHOOL

The next morning Rachel, Ralph and Ricky fucked like rabbits before Ralph went to work and Ricky went to school. Rachel spent the day resting and recollecting what had happened to her. Before the time of the space station she had been a conservative lover even with Sam her fellow astronaut. Whatever happened that day when Aaron and Carl joined in had changed her forever. It was as if she didn't have any control over her body any longer. She wondered how her fellow astronauts were doing.

Betty had been waiting for Ralph to arrive at work. She was sure that he had made love with his wife the night before and she wanted to refresh his memory as to who was the better sex partner. Betty noticed that Ralph had a few trivial meetings that morning so she cleared his calendar. She had worn his favorite outfit, a mini skirt and a tight fitting blouse. Ralph always liked to slide his hand up under her short skirt to squeezed her ass and play with her pussy.

When Ralph arrived Betty followed his into his office and closed and locked the door. Then she walked up to him and kissed him. The alien through Ralph's eyes studied the attractive Betty and decided that she would be a good recruit. Betty dropped to her knees and opened Ralph's pants and pulled them to his ankles. The she lowered his undershorts and watched in amazement as his huge 11 inch cock leaped out.

"Ralph, what happened? How is this possible?" Betty stammered as she looked at the big cock that had replaced his average size pecker.

"I don't know, just blow me," Ralph gasped.

Betty stared hungrily at his huge cock and then reached out with her hand to stroke it. She marveled at its size and wondered how she would ever handle it. Ralph sighed as she masturbated him. She leaned forward and her tongue snaked out and lapped at his ball sac lightly, then she gently licked up and down his shaft. Her tongue circled his cock head as she slowly took the head of his penis into her mouth. Her lips slid further down the shaft as she was able to take half of his cock in her mouth drawing a moan from him. Betty began to bob her head back and forth on his cock, sucking hard on his huge member and testing her gag line. She was able to get about seven of his eleven inches in her mouth. Betty slurped loudly on Ralph's dick as her soft lips glided smoothly up and down his long cock.

Ralph stood before the shapely Betty as she sucked ravenously on his oversized cock. Her hand cupped his balls and gently caressed them as her tongue licked at the head of his dick each time it came out of her mouth. Ralph placed his hands on the back of her head and guided her as she gave him an incredible blowjob. He loved the way she sucked his cock. She was so hot and he couldn't believe his good fortune as he held her hair back to watch her pretty face and sensuous mouth. Betty kept her eyes closed with her lips snugly wrapped around his shaft as she bobbed back and forth. She was still incredibly turned on and her panties were soaked. 

Ralph brought new excitement into her life with his renewed big cock and Betty realized that she was addicted to it. She was so enamored with his impressive cock; she found that she loved to suck on it. Betty was desperate to please him and to make him cum. She loved to swallow cum. Betty wanted this to be Ralph's best blow job ever and she put all her efforts into it even more so than she ever had with any other lovers. It did not take long to bring Ralph to the edge.

Ralph announced that he was cumming and Betty clamped down on his cock determined to swallow every drop of his seed. She could feel his cock jerk in her hand as volley after volley bounced off the back of her throat. Betty swallowed as quickly as she could and did not allow a drop to escape her mouth. She continued to suck on his cock milking it dry of his sperm. Then Betty took the cock from her mouth and Ralph watched as she squeezed more cum out the end of his dick. Betty then wrapped her lips around it and sucked his man juice dry. She nibbled on his dick head causing him to shiver and he pushed her away. Ralph's cock stayed hard and Betty marveled at the impressive organ before her.

Of course Betty had no way of knowing that an alien substance had entered her body and would soon take over. Betty cleaned off the top of the desk and lay on top of it. She pulled up her short displayed her beautiful neatly trimmed pussy to Ralph. She opened her legs and smiled at him. Ralph smiled too as it was clear that she had removed her panties earlier.

"Now do you have something for me?" she said as she opened her legs before him hiding nothing and leaving no doubt as to her desire.

Ralph stood before Betty at the end of the desk and kissed her from her knee up her soft thighs towards her womanhood. He took in the lovely smell of her as he kissed her smooth creamy white skin just beside her vagina. Betty was in a state of ecstasy and her heart pounded as she watched her boss lick her. Her cunt lips quivered as he teased them with his tongue and kissed her everywhere she desired. Ralph's tongue probed deep into the inner walls of her pussy.

Betty ran her hands over her body cupping her breasts and rolling her nipples between her fingertips. It was strange that she felt that her bra was almost too small for her. Her breast seemed confined all of a sudden and her nipples ached. Ralph sucked her cunt lips into his mouth as his tongue snaked around in her snatch. Ralph still had not made contact with her clit and Betty desperately needed his tongue or his cock to touch her clit. She moaned in pleasure and frustration as Ralph continued to tease her. He again wiggled his tongue deep within her pussy before finally nudging her clit. Betty jumped as a spark of pleasure shot through her body. Ralph slid his hands under her curvy ass and lovingly cupped her shapely ass cheeks. He sucked her clit into his mouth and held it between his lips as he ran his tongue over the hard little pearl. Betty arched her back as she felt her orgasm approach.

"Oh yes, oh my," she called out as the first wave rocked her body.

Betty grabbed Ralph's head with both hands and pulled his face harder into her crotch. She vigorously humped his face as his tongue danced over her super sensitive cit. Her thighs clamped around his head and her entire body trembled as she came again almost violently. Betty felt her pussy pulsating as she covered Ralph's face with her female juices. Finally she collapsed back on the desk releasing him in the process.

"Oh my God," Betty moaned.

Ralph got between her legs. His huge cock looked menacing as it hovered above her hips.

"Are you ready for this?" he asked smiling confidently.

"Oh yes, yes please, fuck me now," Betty pleaded. 

Ralph held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing her to moan in pleasure. Ralph would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally his entire cock was buried in her and Betty sighed feeling completely full almost afraid to move. This was a new sensation for her to be this full.

Ralph held himself inside her waiting for Betty to start fucking him. He looked down at her and smiled and then she pulled him down to her and they kissed deeply with their tongues playing with one another. Betty was ready to be fucked and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. She began to move and then Ralph fucked her using long slow hard strokes. Betty locked her legs around Ralph's ass and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was at the mercy of his gigantic organ as it pounded her pussy.

Betty was so hot and squeezed him with her tight pussy; she was really a good fuck. Ralph fucked through her one orgasm after another before he filled her pussy with cum. His orgasm was as intense as hers as their bodies ground together and they moaned and groaned loudly. Betty couldn't believe how much cum he shot into her pussy particularly since he had flooded her mouth earlier. This was a much different Ralph from yesterday.

Betty could feel his cock as it still filled her cunt. Ralph slowly moved himself away from her body and in so doing his thick cock slipped from her pussy. Betty felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her body and she gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacant pussy. Betty then could not stand the pressure on her breast any longer so she opened her blouse and unsnapped her bra. Both she and Ralph stared at her tits and nipples as they both had increased in sixe. Betty was lost for words and then she felt herself rolled over on her stomach. 

Ralph looked at Betty's ass and he could not resist running his hands over her shapely cheeks. Her ass was so amazing that he felt his loins stir with desire. He hard never seen such a perfect ass which is why he loved to fuck it. Ralph got behind Betty and kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks. He then began to kiss her cheeks and run his tongue lightly in the crack of her ass. Betty wiggled her ass feeling very wicked as he tongued and kissed her. Ralph pulled her by the hips so that her legs were on the floor and her ass was perched over the desk. Betty's head was still on the desktop and she turned it to one side and let out a gasp as Ralph's tongue licked close to her asshole. Ralph ran his tongue from her pussy to her ass causing Betty to tingle in anticipation of what might be next.

Ralph spread her ass cheeks with his hands and dipped his tongue into the crack locating her nether hole. His tongue slowly circled her anus and she flinched at the contact. He then pushed his tongue as far as he could into her asshole and he found herself wanting him to fuck her up the ass. She had been ass fucked enough in the past but this time she was worried about Ralph's size. He continued to ass fuck her with his tongue and she was at his mercy. Her desire grew as he worked her ass to the point that she really wanted more in her ass.

Ralph removed his tongue from her ass and ran his hard cock between her ass cheeks as he spoke to her, "I want to fuck you in the ass Betty. Do you want me to fuck your hot ass?"

"Oh yes Ralph, but you're so big now. You must use some cream," Betty replied to him with apprehension.

Ralph took the lubricant from his desk and moved back behind her. Betty arched her back and pointed her beautiful ass back at him. He coated her asshole with a generous amount of cream and slid his thick finger in her hole. He took his time preparing her ass relishing every moment. He then coated his entire cock with the cream and placed the head at the entrance to her anus. Ralph pushed forward and the thick cock head squeezed into her tight asshole. 

Betty winched in pain as her asshole was stretched wider than ever and she gasped, "Go slow let me get used to it."

Ralph withdrew his cock head and then pushed it back in this time causing more pleasure than pain. He pushed until a couple of inches were in Betty's ass. Betty found herself holding her breath and her body covered in goose bumps. He was so thick that her asshole stretched to new dimensions and held his cock in a vice like grip. Ralph slowly slid his dick in and out of her each time going a little deeper. The pain had subsided and was replaced with a feeling of fullness.
