 This is a rework of my original Vincent's future project, and hopefully a revival as well. I was unhappy with the way the story turned out originally and now that my skills have grown I hope to be able to give this project the quality it deserves. The original will remain up for those who wish to read it, but all future parts will be going off of this version.

Enjoy

The Gibbs

~~~

"This shouldn't hurt a little bit," The doctor said as he closed the door to the pod. Inside was a tall rather well built man, wearing nothing save for the apron he was given. The doctor began to type commands into the console attached to the pod. With a thumbs up and an enthusiastic smile the doctor pressed the final button, sending the man in the pod into a void of infinite black.

"We love you, don't worry about us."

"Why does daddy have to go?"

"Good luck kid, don't let the human race end here."

"You're one of the lucky ones, mister Dexter."

In the year 2082 an asteroid the size of Rhode Island was due to hit the earth, causing what most scientific experts believed to be the end of civilization on earth. The Deep Stasis Program was initiated to save those in power, or those with enough weight in their wallet. Shortly the program came to a grinding halt as it was discovered that only a small percentage of the population could survive deep stasis due to a rare genetic mutation. As such these people were asked, and in some cases forced, to join the D.S.P. in order to save the human race. There were members in the program from all walks of life: soldiers, doctors, writers, engineers, police officers.

"Cracking the pod in five... four... three... two... one."

The Deep Stasis pod opened with a loud hiss. The man inside stumbled out disoriented and coughing. He was quickly caught by a person wearing some form of hazmat suit and injected with some form of sedative. From there he was rushed to the nearest medical facility. 

Vincent Dexter awoke with a loud gasp. He was laid in what looked to be a hospital bed, though the machine that read out his vitals looked like something out of a science fiction movie. He wore only a hospital gown and a tag on his left wrist. He looked around to notice that not only did the machines look futuristic, the entire room did. It wasn't exactly what he expected when he had been put into Deep Stasis.

There was a quiet almost inaudible hiss as the door to the room slid to the side revealing a figure in what looked to be some form of science fiction space suit. It hugged the figure's body tightly as though it were only a second skin, the helmet of the suit had a clear visor revealing a smiling purple eyed, green haired woman. All things considered she was rather attractive, and she wore nothing over her suit making her figure painfully obvious as well as the eight inch cock that hung from her crotch. She carried a tablet as she entered the room, from what looked like an airlock to the room.

"Mister Dexter, it's good to see that you are awake," The woman said through her helmet. Her voice was smooth like silk. Her breasts jiggled and her cock swayed as she walked making it obvious that below them was not a pair of balls but a smooth pussy.

"Uh...." Was the only thing to leave Vincent's lips as he stared at the strange woman... hermaphrodite. She sat down on a wheeled stool next to the bed Vincent sat on.

"There's a lot that you need to be caught up on, Mister Dexter," The nurse said as she looked at her tablet. She began to explain how the asteroid had suddenly changed course and never hit the earth, yet several smaller ones had broken off from it and landed on the earth. These smaller asteroids carried with them a disease that caused the male birth rate to drop below one millionth of a percent. To combat the decreasing population a new gene was entered into the population that caused roughly half the population to change to hermaphrodites. The word Futanari had been adopted from Japanese to identify the new third gender. 

"Oh my!" The woman all but yelped as she noticed the tent in Vincent's pants. She giggled slightly at the attention causing Vincent to blush heavily. 

"Wow really smooth there," Vincent said to his own erect member earning him another giggle from the woman in the suit. Another quiet hiss signaled the door opening again, and another woman entered the room, though this one wore a white lab coat over her strange suit.

"Ah, you must be Mister Dexter. I'm Doctor Evanson," The newcomer said as she approached the bed and took the tablet from the other woman, "I hope nurse Jass has somewhat brought you up to speed on the basic history of the past two hundred years."

"Uh. Yeah," Vincent said.

"Very well, if you could please lie down," Doctor Evanson said motioning to the bed. With a shrug Vincent complied though this revealed his now half boner as his gown flipped back. Instinctively he went to cover his pole.

"Oh there's no need," The doctor said, "We need to update you on current inoculations, and rid you of some of the potential diseases of your time."

Restraints suddenly came from the bed and tied Vincent down to the bed, he struggled slightly against the straps, and though he was worried he remained calm and cool headed. The nurse turned to a nearby table and began to pick something up, though what it was Vincent couldn't see. As she did the doctor took a seat on another rolling stool and sat down next to Vincent. With a single hand she began to stroke his shrinking cock.

It was surprising, whatever this suit that she wore was made out of was incredibly smooth, and rather thin. The heat from the doctor's hand was easily transferred through it and onto Vincent's stiffening cock. Though slightly confused the pleasure of the rather skilled handjob quieted all questions in his mind.

Before long the expert handjob brought Vincent to full mast and precum began to leak from his tip. Shortly thereafter the nurse came back over with a rather large syringe. It looked more like a cooking syringe than a medical one, and the "needle" had a rounded tip rather than a pointed one. Inside of the syringe was a swirling purple and violet liquid that seemed to move of its own volition. The nurse handed the doctor the syringe which she then placed directly over Vincent's cock.

"Don't worry, I promise this will feel amazing," The Doctor said as she brought the rounded tip of the syringe directly to Vincent's urethral opening. Her intentions became apparent as she began to push the syringe into Vincent's cock, his own precum acting as lubrication. A small grunt escaped Vincent as the syringe was pushed inside his cock. It was surprising how good it felt to have this cold metal violating his hole. 

The doctor began to depress the plunger pushing the swirling liquid down into Vincent's cock. It was strange, like cumming in reverse, only the purple liquid was much thicker, almost the consistency of honey. It seemed to move of its own volition, pass thing through the bladder and down into his testicles. As the last of the liquid was forced into his cock it began to coalesce within his balls. For about two seconds it did nothing, then it hit him.

A fire began to burn inside Vincent's stuffed balls causing his cock to twitch in need. The liquid seemed to be making some form of change to his testicles as they began to increase in size. Noticeably his balls began to churn as the purple liquid performed its magic. After several minutes of growing his testicles stopped when each was about the size of a golf ball. 

His cock began to violently twitch. With each jerking motion it began to grow. Just barely each time, but it was definitely noticeable. Soon his expanding member reached its new full length, a sporting eight inches. As well it seemed thicker, roughly two and a half inches thick. His cock stood still as though proud of its new size.

This didn't last very long; however, as a large jet of cum flew from Vincent's cock. He let out a loud moan as the white cream flew more than a foot from his member into the air. A second load followed it, this one larger than the first. Each one almost as large as an entire load. A third one followed, this one reaching the ceiling of the room.

Vincent couldn't hold back his moans as his cock spewed cum like a fountain. It felt amazing, better than any orgasm he had experienced before. The pleasure was not just in his cock, but spread to his entire body. Even if he wanted to he could barely hold back his cries of pleasure as more cum launched from his rod.

After about twenty or so large shots his orgasm began to fade, and cum only dribbled out the tip, though it was still enough to coat his cock and balls liberally in his own seed. The doctor seemed to be taking notes on the tablet, while the nurse on the other hand was at full mast herself.

She was stroking her rather impressive seven inch member through the strange suit she wore. Without hesitation she climbed up onto the bed and positioned herself directly above Vincent's still hard cock. She slowly moved her hips down until his head was brushing the outside of her warm pussy. It was strange, considering the suit she wore covered her vagina, it made Vincent wonder what she was planning as penetration would be all but impossible. 

As it turns out he was wrong. The nurse began to lower herself onto Vincent's cock, and the fabric of her suit began to stretch into her pussy around his cock. Just like the suit the doctor wore it felt incredibly in, allowing him to feel every crevice and fold inside of the nurses tight cunt. A loud moan left her lips as she bottomed out on Vincent's cock. Her own cock twitched happily and began to blow its load, which began to collect in the front of the cocksleeve of her suit causing it to balloon with her cum.

Did she cum just from me putting it in? Vincent half thought as the nurse's pussy began to convulse on his member. Before her orgasm even had a chance to end, the slutty hermaphrodite nurse began to bounce up and down on Vincent. It was incredible how tight she was, almost like a vice around Vincent's raging member. It took all of his willpower not to blow his load right then and there. 

But no, he was not going to let his dick get the better of him. After all he was a man of morals, of honor, of stamina. He wasn't done until his partner was. As the nurse wildly rode his cock, Vincent tried to focus his mind on other things. That was difficult though, as the nurse suddenly began to orgasm once again. The balloon of cum at the end of her cock began to grow larger, until it reached the size of a grapefruit. The fabric of her suit had been stretched so thin that Vincent could see the cum sloshing about inside of it. How it hadn't broken already he couldn't imagine.

Unfortunately this second orgasm pushed Vincent over the edge. Thick creamy cum began to work its way up his shaft and explode out the tip. He could faintly imagine that the suit did much the same inside of the nurse as it did on the outside, acting as a condom to separate his cum from her insides. Not that he cared though. Once again His load seemed to be much larger than an average one, it didn't even seem to be less than the previous one.

The nurse didn't stop her bouncing even as Vincent's cock began to pump its warm load inside of her. Vincent's eyes rolled back as his body shuddered, his sensitive cock was being assaulted by the nurses tight hole. His mind went blank and he almost passed out from the sheer pleasure of his orgasm.

~

Vincent awoke with a loud gasp, cold sweat ran down his brow. That was an odd dream... or was it. Looking about he saw that he was laying in a hospital bed, though the room looked far more normal than the one he had been it. The machines that monitored his vitals still looked rather futuristic though. The door to his room opened, this time it was a normal swinging door that lead out into a normal looking hallway, unlike whatever room he had been in before.

The person who had entered appeared to be the same doctor as before. In the sexual haze of his memory Vincent couldn't quite remember her name though. This time her clothing also looked to be more normal, instead of the strange suit she wore before the doctor wore a simple set of scrubs underneath her white lab coat.

"Ah you're awake, mister Dexter," She said as she checked the machine that continued to monitor his vitals. She seemed to take some notes on the tablet she carried before turning to Vincent. "Well good news is that you are being released tomorrow."

"And the bad news?" Vincent asked sitting up in his bed.

"Yesterday wasn't a dream, and you are stuck in the future."

With a raised eyebrow Vincent turned to his crotch and flipped up his hospital gown. His cock lay there still a good six inches, despite its flaccid state. Well looks like that is not getting any smaller any time soon. A twinge of sadness overcame Vincent as he looked back up, and out the window of his room. His old life was gone, the world he knew now passed. His wife and daughters were most definitely dead by now. 

He didn't know how to feel. On one hand he was excited to be living in the future, on the other hand his life as it had been was gone now. A world populated almost entirely by females and hermaphrodites, but his family was dead. It was hard to process all of this information. I really hope they still have booze in the future, Vincent thought as he watched the flying cars zip by outside his window.