 Time went past and day darkened into night. Stars, one by one, emerged in the sky, filling up the sky with small shines. Three of which gleamed brighter than the rest, showing supremacy over the rest. The Moon had peaked out from the other side as well, lighting the world barely, but neatly.

Meanwhile, walking through the trees in the bare darkness, surrounded by chirps of insects was Vill in his fit body. He walked clam, appearing fearless and unworried of the darkness.

Suddenly he stopped his fearless steps and looked up at the sky. "The stars are up and running," he muttered, "Well then, let's see if I'm 'worthy'." 

Vill took out the four-headed, purple-colored fragment, which immediately brightened a few feet radius around him when taken out. "All right," he said, bringing the fragment toward his neck with his left hand. But just before his hand could reached his upper chest, a darkish red ball of flames struck his hand, flicking the fragment away, scorching his hand on fire.

"Aah!" Vill screamed. 

Vill's face contorted, depicting anguish; his sound dreaded and miserable. He then dropped to his knees, as he shook his hand violently. But despite his screams and attempts, the flame remained as it was, burning his hand.

Then a mid-teen boy appeared from the trees. The red-haired boy crouched and picked up the fragment. Then even more figures emerged behind. Mostly men of varying ages, dressed in red with an emblem of a flame embroidered on their cloths, and big wolves with dark red fur, vicious and hungry.

Vill raised his head, screaming, looking at a group of people. When his sight landed on the boy in lead, it stopped. 

"What?" said the boy, "This is what you get for courting what I seek... It hurts, right? Good thing is— to make it last longer, I set the damage to a minimum. It'll take hours for it to spread over your body roasting you layer by layer... You should thank me for letting you live that long."

In response, Vill gritted his teeth, repressing his pained screams. Bullets of sweat streamed down his face, his creamy white countenance, becoming paler and paler. 

"He's got spirit," said a skinny young man amongst the people. All the men in red watched as Vill suffered with smiles on their faces as if they were amused by the sight in front. 

Then a boy appeared on the other side of Vill. "The sick fucks practicing their sadistic doctrine," he said. 

The newly-emerged, aqua-haired boy, wore aqua-colored cloths with a water-splashing into ice emblem embroidered. Then behind him, more figures emerged, men clothed like him, and a few aqua-furred felines, big and mighty. 

"If you're gonna kill someone, just kill them. Sup with the sadistic play, man?" said the aqua-haired boy at the lead.

Vill attempted looking back at the newly emerged boy, when a ball of water condensed above the boy's palm, and when with a flick of his wrist, the ball projected hitting Vill's flaming hand. Water splashed around, dousing the flame out and revealing a charred black, left hand.

"Jack Flud!" cried the red-headed boy, "Don't meddle in my business unless you don't want to live no more."

"Your business is my business when it involves a ripe, unassessed, unowned, fragment freshly fallen from a star," replied Jack. 

"It's in my hand, so it's owned— owned by me, Ryne Fierr... property of Setta clan to be precise. Now leave... before I might wish to own your lives as well," said the redhead, "Besides, under the generally-accepted rule—first come first served— this belongs to me." 

"Really now?" said a girl, "Under that rule, wouldn't it belong to him instead." emerging from another side, her finger pointed at Vill, who had been relieved of pain. 

Like the two teen boys, behind the emerald-haired girl, more figures appeared. Men attired in green, and a few emerald-furred mammoths mounted by them. 

"Wow... The nature-loving wussies show up..." laughed Ryne, "Don't you have trees to rescue? Besides, he is out of the picture when I say first come first served... Since he's too small a figure to be considered in the big game... I can barely see him even. Ha-ha."

"Lily, babe, you look cute as always," said Jack, only to receive a sharp glare from the girl in return. 

"Young master," muttered a man beside Jack, "Master advised to avoid any injurious circumstances."

"Yea, I do recall father's repetitive reminders for the last ten years—" Jack muttered back, "Oh wait, my whole life damn actually."

Lily glanced at the pitiable Vill. "Go help him," Lily instructed.

Two emerald-attired men jumped off of their mammoths and landed beside Vill. They both then crouched and their hands held Vill, pulling him up. 

"What the hell do you think you're doing!" Ryne screamed as two redheads from his side kicked forward approaching Vill and the two emerald-heads.

The two emerald-heads reacted, releasing Vill, standing firm with eyes vigilant. The two redheads walked forward with malevolent smiles on faces and as they did their hands got smeared with dark red flames. In return, the two emerald-heads waved their hands and the field of grass near them started to grow in length rapidly, moving about depending on their hand motions. Vines of grass dangled around as if guarding the two emerald-heads.

Lily's eyes flashed with anger. "Hot head," she shouted, "You got what you came for, so just let him go... You've ruined him enough already." Her eyes saddened looking at Vill's burnt hand and his face, which now lacked emotion.

"Fuck you, bitch!" Ryne said, "His life is mine to take... Get in my way and yours is too."

"We'll see." Lily and her companions moved forward, stopping near Vill.

"We, indeed, will." Ryne and his followers moved in as well.

Meanwhile, at a side, Jack stood by looking at the conflict in front. Lily and her force of greenly-attired men with mammoths against the Ryne and his redheaded men with fierce wolves. Jack then focused on Lily when his eyes showed deep emotion and concern. 

"Young master, we should get going," whispered the man, in Jack's ear.

Jack sighed. "Argh... No, we aren't, not today," he replied. He then moved toward Lily's side. "Lily, my love, I propose a momentary truce among us, Tlatans, and you, Ju-ujans. Let's kick their Settan asses together."

"Young master—"

"Shut up."

Lily had no reaction to Jack's words besides a brief, cruel glare. As for Jack, he rolled his eyes, taking position amongst the Ju-ujans, Lily's. Jack's follower's, the Tlantans, came up and took places as well.

Ryne's face twisted, showing anger while his hands set aflame along with his hair. 

"We can't win against them two." muttered an older redhead, making Ryne's flames fiercer.

"Yes, yes. Pair up like the weaklings you are." Ryne sneered, "Only then does your weak kinds stand a chance. It's hard acknowledging the fact that we, Settans, are classed above pussies like you: literally and metaphorically. There is no competition." Ryne then turned away walking past his followers into the trees. The Settans followed behind with their wolves, faces fuming. 

Jack smirked and shouted, "You overesti—"

"Be quiet you, retard," Lily said, "Maybe you he an interest engaging in childish, pointless fights, but I don't, so spare me the troubles."

"Argh... you could try being nice to me for once. We are friends, or at least were friends, what is it that I did to deserve this." Jack refuted, "Plus, it was my intervention that 'spared you the troubles' in the first place. So how about a 'thank you'?" 

"How about not? You spared me the troubles only to bring it back sooner."

"Fucking hell, you are annoying." Jack faced away. 

Lily then crouched neared Vill, bringing everyone's attention back on Vill, who sat gazing at his charred left hand his face still devoid of emotion. "Are you OK?" she asked. 

Vill remained quiet still gazing at his hand. Then his finger's moved about, and his hand made a grabbing motion and then releasing motion. His finger then made complex movements. Though his hand looked horridly black and burned, it worked perfectly well. 

"I'm fine," Vill said, standing up.

VIll then scanned across the many figures around him, dressed in blue and green. The emblem of the Ju-uj clan were vines with leaves growing.

"Come with us we can help you," said Lily.

"Help me?" Vill looked at her delicate face, and said, "Can you fix this?" as he raised his hand.

"That? Umm... We can, with our medicines, heal your hand much faster."

"Can you fix the burned skin? Recover the skin like it had been?"

"No, we can't." Lily's face showed sorrow.

"Then you can't help me," Vill said, walking away and out of the crowd.

"Wow, Lily," Jack said, "it seems you aren't the only one with appreciation issues."

"Shut up," Lily said, "After today I fear he'd have more than just appreciation issues."

-- 

Under the moon's gentle light, Vill could be seen walking slow and weak. His head lowered, his arms hanging. His face dim and sad.

He suddenly stopped. "Fuck!" Vill screamed, gazing up at the sky.

Then he lunged at a tree and punched it with his bare hand in full force. And then began screaming between his punches, "I... Will... Fucking... Kill... That... Mother... Fucker..."

After that, he grasped for air. "It was my fucking fragment, I found it... I deserve it... I saved that random girl... It's rightfully mine..."

He began punching again, "Even... If... It... Means... Death... I... Will... Gut... You... Alive..."

Vill then stepped back from the tree, pointed at it with his face filled with fury, and said, "Wait for it, cunt, your days are numbered... in five-fucking-years I swear as fuck will end your pathetic life... along with your shitty clan that you're so proud of!"

He then walked away from the tree, but after walking only a few meters, he turned back at it and screamed, "You better remember me, fucker!".

As Vill walked away, the tree remained there probably wondering what it had done.