 Chapter 0 – World's History

Year 11573 — Newne, Lunara (The Moon Empire),

On the bed of the dimly lit room, lay a woman on a side with her eyes closed in sleep. Beside her, on her extended arm, lay a cute, little girl about five years old. Her dreamy, blue eyes wide and open, looking at the ceiling, seemingly bored. Moments later, she rolled to a side, facing the woman beside and just then, the sleeping lady's eyes opened wide.

"Mommy," whispered the girl, grinning awkwardly.

The lady frowned. "Didn't mommy ask Livia to sleep? It's almost midnight," she said.

"But Livia is not sleepy... So, Livia can't sleep..." the girl replied, "Livia wants to sleep, but Livia can't."

The lady blinked twice, glaring at Livia's innocent face. "Fine... Let's make a deal then... hmm... Mommy will tell Livia a story, and when it's over, Livia should go to sleep... OK?"

"Yes—yes, Livia will get sleepy by the time mommy finishes."

"Uh-huh," the lady jeered, "If Livia doesn't keep her promise, mommy will use mommy's power to make Livia fall asleep... forcefully."

"OK."

"The story mommy's about to tell is a true story, a story of the world's history. And even includes our ancestry. So, no interrupting... listen carefully."

Livia nodded, seemingly serious.

"Long, long ago, back when the world wasn't like now. Back when people had no magical powers like they do now. When the world was far simpler. The times when people died pointlessly with their excessive greed, and their endless wars."

"What changed it all was a miraculous thing that had ever happened to mankind ever before. Something no man ever believed could happen. Some may say, an act of God, or maybe gods, to end the world's suffering."

"Two fragments, one belonging to The Sun, the other to The Moon, fell on land, to the two sides of the world. Years later, the fragment of the sun, the sunstone, Sunnin, fell onto the hands of the fated man. He then received unforeseen power, from the sun itself, channeled into him through the fragment. He could emit light blinding enough to actually blind. He could scorch his foes, melting them into feeble ash. With his newly acquired power, there was no one who could question his supremacy. Fortunately for mankind, the fragment had chosen a good-hearted man as its bearer. He used his powers and united all of the western lands and brought peace upon half of the world."

"A few years later the moon's fragment, moonstone, Moonel, found its way to its fated woman as well, our ancestor. She attained control over the soothing moonlight and the dream world. With which, she would put her enemies to sleep and torment them in their own dreams, giving them nightmares. Later on using her illusive powers, she too unified the eastern lands and brought peace to the rest of the world."

"Years went by and the two ancestors mothered descendants, who could, too, draw power from the fragments. But none of the descendants had power near enough to the fragment bearer itself. Aside from that, their descendants had a unique skin tone, which illuminated under sun and moon's light, namely sheens. Later on, they realized that if a normal human were to touch a descendant, their sheens would disappear permanently."

"As the two clans rose in number with new generations of leaders bearing the fragments, their sheens became a token of grace, which made them feel supreme over the rest of the humans. And to keep them protected, they isolated themselves from the common folk, building The Sun Empire, Solena and The Moon Empire, Lunara. This act if their brought them scorn from the world, but for them, they were only protecting what they believed, what we believe, to be a gift from God."

"Hundreds of years later, more miracles rained on earth unpredictably. Fragments belonging to various stars started to descend on earth, bringing along all sorts of powers with them. Some humans took claim over these fragments and reigned superior over the rest becoming rulers in different comers of the world. Few primitive beasts stumbled upon a few attaining intelligence human-like reigning over terrains."

"Though star fragments on earth are innumerate and are still increasing, from it all, only three fragment bearers managed to surmount the rest and to stand out enough to be considered relevant. Setta, the red star of chaos, whose ancestor and his descendants manifest crimson flames of destruction. Tlata, the blue star of fluids and coldness, manipulating liquids and freezing them at will. Ju-uj, the green star of life, which manipulates plants and controls forestry. With their powers and tactics, those three forces founded their own colonies becoming only second to The Sun and The Moon Empires," the lady concluded, "All right, that's it... Time for Livia to sleep."

"Do clouds have fragments too?" Livia questioned.

"Ha-ha-ha. Livia... You, stupid little girl..." the lady laughed, stroking Livia's silver-haired head, "People who live high up in the mountains can touch clouds, but no one can touch The Sun, The Moon, or any of the stars, can they?"

"No..." Livia blushed embarrassedly.

"Sleep then." The lady closed her eyes.

Livia closed her eyes as well, though her eyelids kept quivering unsteadily. She rolled to the other side, and a few seconds later, she rolled again, and again.

"Livi—" the lady blurted.

"Please use mommy's power," Livia interrupted.

The lady sighed as she pulled Livia into her embrace, coiling her arms around Livia's petite figure. Her hands then gleamed in a dim, white light and with her fingers, she stroked Livia's head. The light faded into Livia's head and moments later, Livia's closed, quivering eyes eased up, her face relaxed.