 Chapter 3 - Daily Life

3 Years Later,

Year 11586 -- Guerdde, Belington,

The streets were filled with crowds swarming left and right; Buying and selling; Walking and talking.

Zooming through the window of a stone building, a young man could be seen lying on a bed holding in his arms a pretty young girl, both tucked under a bed sheet; naked and asleep. From a closer look the young, he identified as Vill, old and mature.

The girl yawned as she stretched her arms and leaned on the bedhead. Then she looked at the young man, smiling, and laying back on his arm again.

"Are you awake?" she said.

"Yea..." Vill whispered, his eyes still closed.

"Oh, Umm... I was wondering what your name was?" she said.

"Vill... just Vill."

"Vill... What a cool name," she said, her fingers stroking across Vill's chest. "I'm Jessica."

"..." Vill remained quiet.

"Last night was amazing, one of the best nights of my life," her hand reached down the sheet and held onto Vill's cock, "Was it the same for you?" she said.

"Sure," Vill said, his dick being stroked up and down.

"I thought I'd never fall in love again after the breakup with that bastard, but here I am... already in love... Isn't that amazing?"

"Is that a rhetorical question?"

"Ha-ha... You are so handsome, Vill, how are you even single?" she said.

"I never met the right girl."

Jessica blushed. "Oh, that's so sweet."

"..."

"What happened to your arm? It looks so painful," she said, her eyes on Vill's left hand rugged, with distorted surface.

"Argh... Here we fucking go..." he muttered. "I don't wanna talk about it," he said.

"Huh, why? Is it a bad memory?"

"Aha... Why? Because I'm fed up of answering it. Every single one of you asks me that question every fucking time. For the last three fucking years, I've probably been asked that question more than five fucking hundred times? That's fucking why..."

"What?" Jessica took her hand away, "Five hundred times? that means— that means you slept with five hundred girls... What?" she threw a slap at Vill's face, "You played with me!" she screamed.

With what seemed to be experience, Vill caught her arm by her wrist. "Played with you? You said you wanted to fuck so you'd forget your ex or some shit."

"No, you're a cheater just like that bastard." She tried punching with her left hand.

"The fuck?" Vill caught her left hand as well. "Take your stuff and leave before I lose anymore intelligence..."

"I hate you," Jessie said. wearing her clothes, barging out of the room, and closing the door shut.

"AH, fuck. what an annoying creature this one... Can't believe I slept with that... we met last night and already in love. Even if love was a real thing, I don't suppose it'd be that fucking fickle."

Vill then got off his bed naked and walked through another door carrying with him a towel. In the new room, he walked up to and laid in a tub, opening the tap and letting water stream in.

---

Vill now clothed and groomed, pulled out a backpack from behind the wardrobe. After placing the bag on a table, he took out a hard-covered, title-less book from within along with a pencil and an eraser.

Vill opened the book to a quarter of its pages, to a page which had numbers and letters written in pattern from the beginning to a half of the page. From 'Day 1056' to 'Day 1097' in order. He took the pencil and wrote 'Day 1098' right below 'Day 1097'.

"Hmm... Only two years remain..." he muttered.

Vill then stored the book and pencil in the bag and shoved the bag behind the wardrobe. Then, he crouched and reached under his bed and took out a sheathed, slim sword long in length. He held the hilt with his right hand and the sheath with his left hand, and with a start, he yanked both apart. With a metallic sound, a slender, straight blade appeared, gleaming under the window light.

"The only girl I can rely on," Vill said, "who I'd rather sleep with... but couldn't figure a way to... Hmm... I do have a way in mind, but I'd probably die by the time we done..."

"Fret not, it's not going to be too long before I bathe you in Ryne's blood... But you'd have to bathe in holy water afterward, otherwise, you'll be tainted for life..."

After sheathing the sword and fixing it by his belt, Vill walked out of his room and locked the door. He walked through a hallway, down a set of stairs into a hall designed like that of a tavern. Men, women, and children sat by eating meals at round tables.

Vill sat down at an empty table as well, and before much time passed a young girl in maid wear brought a plate with few slices of bread, butter jam, and an omelet.

"The usual," the waitress said.

"Thanks," Vill said, beginning to eat.

A little boy looked at Vill's sword and muttered, "Mommy, why does that man have a sword?"

"Oh, him? I don't know, maybe he wanted to join the patrol, but got rejected... or a army-reject..." said a woman.

"He's a weird one," an old man said, "Young men these days look for the perfect girl to spend their short lives with, but this chap carries a blade into the woods and swings it at trees: I've seen him go at it. I must say he would make a great performer with his fancy moves and play, but would those fancy moves help him in an actual sword fight? Not at all, of course..."

"Why should he look for a girl to spend his life with? In the ten days he had spent at this hotel, he brought eight, different girls in here... Can you do that, dad? He just needs to ask, and I'd join him for a night too," said a girl, chuckling.

"You better not, young girl," the man said.

"That was a joke, dad."

After finishing the food, Vill gulped down a glass of water, then left the hall into the crowded street. He walked on the stone-paved street past the stalls, the beggars, and the occasional patrolling soldiers and everything and anything else.

---

Vill walked out of a gate with 'Guerdde' written in capitals, out into an open field. At the distance, a forest could be seen, and he headed there.

---

Surrounded by trees, Vill reached for the hilt and drew the sword swiftly across his scope, slitting through a tree. The tree was left with a deep, clean cut straight and across.

Vill stepped to a side and waved the sword diagonally, leaving such a cut in another tree. He practiced stances, poses, and strikes one by one, ruining the trees around him.

While he engaged in this, the sun arched the sky, reaching right above the sky, brightening the world to its peak.

Vill saw this as he glanced up with his face was drooping wet. He then bowed toward the damaged trees. "As always, sorry for messing up your barks, and trunks, hope you don't feel offended by my ill-treatment," he said

Vill then sheathed the sword by his belt and strolled away.

---

Back on the bustling streets, Vill walked, catching the eyes of a few on his sword and sometimes on his burned hand. Though so, Vill didn't seem bothered.

"Don't get any closer!" a man's hurried voice sounded.

At the distance, a crowd had gathered, forming a circle around where the voice had come from.

"What's the fuss?" Vill said. He moved into the gathering and shoved through the crowd, halting at the inner side of the circle.

A man back facing Vill had a knife on a young woman's throat and five soldiers in front of the man with swords and spears drawn.

"Unhand the woman and surrender now, and I guarantee leniency in the trial," said the leading soldier.

"Like anyone would believe that," replied the culprit, "Only a kid would believe that a mere soldier like you could get a say in a trial."

"Please let me go..." cried the oppressed lady.

"You aren't going anywhere till these gentlemen want you to," the culprit pointed a finger at the diametric side the circle, "these gentlemen just need to go there and you're free, scotch free."

"Like hell, we are going," blurted a soldier.

"Yes... like hell, you are going." The culprit smirked, grazing the lady's nape with the blade. A tinge of blood peeked out drooping down her nape.

"Aah!" the lady cried.

"All right, all right." the soldier in lead lowered his sword, and looked at the rest, "Do as he says."

The soldiers, faces unhappy, moved to the side of the circle, their weapons lowered.

"Ha-ha, good boys..." The culprit then looked behind at the crowd gathered near Vill, "Open a path or she dies."

The crowd around Vill hastily split in two creating an opening in the circular crowd. Vill too moved, stopping at the edge of the opening.

"Heh." The culprit walked backward toward the opening, pulling the woman along. When few feet away, he said, "Fooled ya," as he jabbed the knife in the girl's nape. He immediately pushed her away and ran for the opening while she dropped down, blood oozing from the deep pierce.

The culprit ran grinning, but right, when he was out of the opening, out of nowhere a sheathed sword's hilt, stuck his face slamming him down on the floor.

Vill held his sword by the sheath. "I wasn't gonna bother, but then you did what you did, and I realized you deserve a bother, so here I am bothering," he said.

Blood leaked out of the culprit's nose. "I will kill—" Then two soldiers came up gripped him down.

Vill glanced at the girl, no longer moving, when his face flashed with emotion.

---

"What you did today was a heroic feat of great valor; a noble act worthy of praise and honor," said the leading soldier.

"I'm sure it was; so can I go now?" Vill said.

"Of course, of course, but can we discuss a few things over lunch, before you leave?"

"No thanks. I prefer to eat alone." Vill walked away.

"..." The soldiers and the crowd stared at Vill, speechless.

"What a weird young man," said the leading soldier.

---

Vill was back on his walk, but now bearing many more's attention. But ignoring all that, Vill entered the hotel filled with people having meals suiting lunch. He sat by at an empty table yet again and the waitress placed a meal on his table.

"The usual." she smiled.

"Thanks," Vill said, eating the rice and beef with a spoon and fork.

"Hey, guys, that weirdo who lives here knocked a freaking serial killer with a slam using his sword," a man shouted as he entered the hall, "it was so goddam cool, who would've thought a creep like him— like..." the man's eyes fell on Vill, who had his eyes on the man as well. "I didn't mean— mean that," the man uttered before running out the way he came.

Everyone else's eyes then fell on Vill, retracting when Vill looked back.

"Argh... Seems like I'd have to skip town sooner..." Vill mumbled.