 Kyrrash'areena moaned as Teryn rammed his cock into her over and over as she bent over the controls of her light freighter, Violet Fire, her lekku quivering in pleasure. Teryn ran his hands all along her body, her dark purple skin glistening with sweat. His hand reached up to caress her lekku. Upon feeling his touch, Kyrra spun around, slapped his hand away, and retreated a few feet.

"Don't touch those," she growled.

"What? Oh. I'm sorry, I though lekku were supposed to be erogenous zones. I didn't mean to hurt you." Teryn's confused face told her that he really hadn't known he was doing anything wrong. Kyrra instantly felt guilty for reacting the way she had. It hadn't hurt, yet she had hit him.

"You didn't," she assured, her lekku automatically twitching a negative that she instantly realized he couldn't possibly pick up on. Very few non Twi'leks could read the special body language that lekku afforded their owners. She shook her head in what would be familiar to him as a human gesture. She mentally berated herself for waiting too long o make the gesture, the movement was awkwardly out of sync with her words.

"It's an intimacy thing," she explained, "allowing another to caress and hold one's headtails is a symbol of an incredibly intimate relationship that doesn't quite match our casual fling."

"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't..."

"I know you didn't know," Kyrra cut in, "I'm sorry I reacted the way that I did, just imagine a human girl's reaction if you proposed to her during a one-night-stand." Teryn's eyes widened.

"Oh gods," he gasped, "did I just propose to you?"

"No, no!" Kyrra laughed, "but on an intimacy level it was pretty similar."

"I'm sorr..."

"Don't worry about it," Kyrra reassured him walking forward. She reached out and grasped his cock in her hand, stroking it back to its original erectness. "So now that we're clear, don't touch the headtails, make me scream." Teryn didn't need to be asked twice. He scooped Kyrra up with a raw power that terrified her for a split second. Kyrra wrapped her legs around his waist and he impaled her on his cock in the least gentle way possible. He slammed her roughly against the wall of the cockpit cabin. She smiled to herself; this was going to be good. Suspended in the air and sandwiched between the solid hull of her ship and his muscular body, she could do little to stop his relentless onslaught of her body even if she had wanted to. Somehow the absolute helplessness of her situation made Kyrra grow wetter and wetter around his cock.

Teryn began devouring her breasts lustfully kissing and licking them. She even felt his teeth graze and pinch her occasionally. Kyrra had never understood the human fascination with biting one's sexual partner until she had experienced it on Corellia. Now when she saw attractive humanoids of species with rows of sharp teeth, her mind instantly hosted a vast array of fantasies.

Suddenly Violet Fire lurched out of hyperspace above Dromund Kass, sending their entwined bodies flying to the floor. Teryn lay on his back as Kyrra sat atop him, his cock never having been removed from within her. Kyrra rocked back and forth, riding him with fervor as she tried desperately to cum before she was inevitably hailed by Kass City space control. Her efforts were in vain, she realized as she heard the familiar chirp of her ship's communicator. She reluctantly got up, groaning in disappointment as Teryn's cock slid out of her.

"Violet Fire this is Imperial Space Control, Dromund Kass. State your business and lower shields for cargo scan." The voice came over the air. Kyrra lowered her ship's shields.

"ISC tower this is Captain Shareena of the Violet Fire, requesting landing for supply, maintenance and leisure," Kyrra replied using the human equivalent of her clan name. Given the well known anti-alien sentiment within the Sith Empire, she found things always went smoother if she gave no indication of her Twi'lek origin.

"Stand by for cargo scan Violet Fire," control ordered.

"Affirmative. Standing by...oh!" Kyrra gasped as she felt Teryn enter her from behind. She looked over her shoulder to glare at him but he paid her no heed and began thrusting in and out of her.

"Violet Fire what was that last?"

"Nothing control just- ah!- a minor equipment malfunction. Nothing- mhm!- to be concerned with." Kyrra reached around and swatted Teryn's arm, but to no avail. He merely leaned forward to kiss her neck and caress and squeeze her breasts.

"Affirmative Violet Fire. Cargo scans negative for contraband, you are clear to land. Key autopilot to frequency, Aurek-357; we'll bring you in."

"Understood control; Violet fire out," Kyrra half moaned as Teryn's cock impaled her again and again. She keyed the flight path into her autopilot as instructed and nearly collapsed onto her control panel. "Teryn, I'm going to kill you," she attempted to growl, but it came out more like a breathy mewl.

"At least let me make you cum first, captain," he teased. Kyrra groaned in pleasure as he licked from the base of her neck to her earlobe.

"That sounds reasonable," she moaned. Teryn again picked her up and laid her on her back on the cold deck of the Violet Fire. Kyrra was so close to an orgasm she could feel her brain start to lose control. She struggled remembering to breathe. Her lekku began to spasm, one coiling around her neck, clearly not helping her breathing problem. Her back arched and she cried out as she came vibrations taking hold of her entire body. The sight of her in such orgasmic pleasure was the final straw for Teryn as he came deep within her. Teryn pulled away satisfied and watched with amusement as Kyrra lay motionless on the deck for several minutes as she regained control of her body. Finally she sat up, panting heavily, sweat pouring off her entirely hairless body.

"So do I die now?" Teryn asked, referring to her previous threat. Kyrra laughed.

"No. I think you pretty well earned your right to live," she said. Teryn Chuckled. He stood and returned to his quarters in the crew cabin to dress. Kyrra lay back down on the deck enjoying the feel of the cool metal on her hot skin. The Violet Fire chirped an alert that it was beginning final landing approach. Kyrra got up and slid her dark grey tunic over her body. It was a tight, but comfortable fit with some extra padding in the chest area to support her breasts. They were small by Twi'lek standards, something of an embarrassment to her in her teenage years, but were probably around average size for humans. She slipped on her black leather flight trousers that were similarly tightly comfortable. They were equipped with the standard silky webbing that protected her more sensitive areas from the rough leather.

She took control back from the autopilot for the last few minutes of the landing process, feeling the familiar touch and feedback of the Violet Fire to her control. She was a beautiful ship, probably better than a twenty-three year old Twi'lek raised in a tiny village and narrowly escaping Zygerrian slavers who had come to raid. At merely eight years of age she had managed to escape and stow away aboard the Violet Fire, at the time captained by Finn Golan, an offworld smuggler. She smiled in memory of him. For a common scoundrel, he had the biggest heart of anyone she'd ever known. He'd taken her under his wing and taught her everything she knew about the big wide galaxy out there. Eventually the ship had fallen into her possession at his untimely death at the hands of pirates who'd betrayed them during a business deal. She'd been fifteen, a mere child by any standards and completely alone in the galaxy at the mercy of a band of pirates. Her smile faded as she remembered his death. The brutal torture and execution that they'd forced her to watch him suffer. Kyrra froze as her mind raced to rebuild its psychological wall against the horrible memories that came crashing through. She came back to herself as the Violet Fire chirped a warning that she was deviating from ISC's approved flight path. Kyrra made the appropriate course corrections.

"What would I do without you, girl?" Kyrra asked her ship with a sad smile.

Within minutes Kyrra set the ship down at the designated landing site. She and Teryn walked down the ramp to the landing pad. It was a gloomy day out. Just as well, though; Kyrra always hated walking out of her relatively dark ship into blinding light. The dock technicians began waving her over to fill out the standard paperwork.

"I guess this is where we part ways then," Teryn said, "Thank you." He turned to leave, but Kyrra grabbed his wrist and spun him around. Teryn was smiling mischievously.

"Hey," Kyrra protested, "You gonna pay for the ride or what?" She realized the double meaning of her words too late to stop them and immediately grimaced in embarrassment.

"Seriously?" he teased, "I thought that was just because you were horny."

"Don't even act like that's what I meant," Kyrra growled, "you know very well..."

"Selling your body for credits Kyrra? Honestly?" he chided teasingly. Kyrra tried not to smile, but failed. In fact, she burst out laughing.

"Just pay me the fare you kriffing moron," she laughed. He smiled and gave her the credits she was owed.

"Seriously though," he said, "that was fun, we ought to do it again sometime."

"No arguments here."

"But maybe in a nice hotel or something next time," he suggested, "in a soft bed?"

"But Teryn," Kyrra fake pouted, "I've gotta be faithful to my lady." She leaned against the support strut between the Violet Fire and her ramp. She batted her eyes seductively and spun around the support like a dancer at a Nar Shadaa Gentlemen's club. Teryn laughed.

"Where did you learn that?" he asked.

"Wouldn't you like to know," she teased enigmatically.

"Take care of yourself Kyrra," he said, turning to walk away.

"You too," she called out, "and good luck finding a new ship, sorry about the old one. Maybe that'll teach you not to gamble with Zeltrons." Teryn made an obscene gesture at her without turning around and continued walking. Kyrra laughed and rested her cheek against the support strut. She then turned to go deal with the increasingly impatient dock workers as tiny rays of sunlight broke through the clouds to land on her cheek. She smiled and let the warming light fall over her body, the bad memories fading into the nether of her psyche.