 Chapter 5 - Friend & Family 

Newne, Lunara (The Moon Empire),

On the bed a girl of youth lay prone, her head held up by her hands and elbows, her slender legs bent up swaying back and forth. Her silver hair ponytailed with few strands freely hanging by her ears. Her sapphire eyes blinking gazing on an open book in front.

"The Neirreed Archipelago consists an astonishing value of almost three thousand islands varying in size. Each of which blessed with beautiful, coconut-palm beaches, reefs which are habitats to exquisite marine lives of multiple shapes and sizes," the girl read quotes from the book, "This is a sight only one can bear imagining. A sight of extreme awe—"

"Livia!" interrupted a feminine shout, "Your friend, Cassie, is here... I'm sending her up." 

"Yes, mom," Livia shouted back. 

Livia closed the book, got to the door, and opened it wide; but no one was at the door. Livia frowned as she looked around, but just then a girl jumped at her and hugged her tight.

"My bestest B-F-F, how have you been, girl?" said the curly-haired girl.

"Cassie..." Livia said, hugging back and smiling, "I'm doing fine..."

"It's been a month since we finished academy," Cassie said, "but you haven't visited me, not even once. You could've at least written to me..."

"I was going to write, but I forgot your gateway code." They both entered the room.

"You could've visited then."

"I could've, but you know I don't like going out." They both sat on the bed cross-legged.

"Yea right, I forgot..." Cassie said, "You don't like being ogled by guys..." her eyes moved across Livia's figure, "You, who'd rather keep her self protected and unused is gifted with such beauty while others who make use of their God-given faces and bodies to find a man aren't even near you on scale... It's sad really."

"I didn't ask to be beautiful... I sometimes wish I wasn't like this..."

"Now that sounds depressing..." Cassie sighed, "Everyone's getting married these days... Even my boyfriend might propose any day now... What about you? Are you gonna camp at home all your life? Don't you want to find yourself a caring young man?"

"I don't know..." Livia said.

"You perhaps like girls instead. Livia, are you gay?" Cassie smiled excitedly. 

"No, I'm not." Livia blurted. 

"You don't have to hide it from me."

"I'm not."

"Asexual?"

"No, I like boys!"

"Then why do you show no interest in 'boys'?"

"Coz they are boring, ignorant, and stupid..." 

"Not all are. Lucas, the mayor's son for instance... He is hot, smart, and intelligent. His grades were the highest in school... He even proposed to you."

"I don't like him... To me, he's only a pretentious egoist after me only for my looks. He doesn't care about me, not a bit. There's nothing not-boring about him. He's the same as everyone aside from his so-called handsomeness and his social status..."

"Well, that's the case for almost everyone..." Cassie sighed, "So, you've never met a boy toward whom you felt a sense of attraction? Not a single one?"

"..." Livia's eyes strayed as if lost in thought.

"Uh-hmm," Cassie coughed, "Who was it? Whom did you think of just now? Tell me— Tell me now."

"Umm— What are you talking about? I didn't think of anyone," Livia said, her face faintly red.

"Fine, don't tell me. But remember, you can't hide him forever." Cassie picked up the book on bed, "Oh... You've been reading about the outside world again... Didn't you say you didn't want to go out? Then you read this stuff," she pointed at a shelf filled with books.

"That 'out' and this 'out' are different... The 'out' I want is out of this empire; the rest of this world, different terrains: mountains, rivers, deserts, beaches, and every other exotic thing." Livia said, "Not out of this house which filled with building and nothing but people... boring people..."

"Well, let's not talk about your depressing dream... it's saddening," Cassie said, "What's not saddening is the Moon Ceremony that is only a few days away... Isn't that exciting?" 

"Yea, I guess..."

"I just can't believe it's being held in our small city. Such an honor for a city our size." Cassie said, "I just wish I could afford a ticket to the ceremony... but with people from all over the empire hoarding, that's just impossible—" she then saw Livia's bored face, "You don't even care, do you?"

"I just don't see how it matters to my puny self."

"Hmm... it's our empire's grandest occasion... Every single moon-man should be excited about it... Besides, it's your and my first time to witness the ceremony."

"Guess I'm not every moon-man..." Livia smashed her face into a pillow.

"Well, if you hate it here so much, why don't you run away. Newne is at an edge of the empire, and they haven't barricaded the region since it's a forest, you can easily run away like you did last time. I mean you've been there before..."

"Running away is stupid, and I stopped doing stupid things since that time... If I ran away, they'll find me eventually, and the consequences aren't pretty..." she said, pillow still in the face, "My parents and sister will face tribulations for my actions, how can I do that?"

"mmm—hmm— Oh, a projection globe," Cassie said as she took out a globe from inside a cupboard. "I wonder what's recorded in it," she said, placing the globe on the floor. 

Livia pulled her head up in a hurry and shouted, "No, don't—"

The globe emitted light on top and a figure of white light formed above. The shape twitched, deforming and twisting; in the end, stopped as Vill from three years ago, but translucent and made of light.

"It's not what you think," Livia uttered.

"Aha-ha-ha, the cat's out of the bag. So you do have a boyfriend... He's cute..." Cassie grin wide across, "But Umm... Isn't he a bit young though? You're eighteen and he looks fifteen at most... but that's kinda romantic too."

"It's not like that," Livia muttered, hugging the pillow covering her face. "He's the boy from three years ago... In case I might forget how he looked, I saved his image in it... Not for any other reason but to recognize him and repay him one day."

"Oh... He's the rude boy that saved your sister..." Cassie said, "He could be a star lord by now since he got the fragment from the lake... but even so, he wouldn't be of sky-origin, only his descendants will be considered sky-origin... which means his touch is still toxic to you... Argh, another depressing chapter from Livia's sad life... forbidden love sucks..."

Livia's eyes dimmed, her mood dropped. "It's not like that... I don't like him," she said.

"When you blush that hard no one will believe you."

"It's cuz I'm embarrassed..."

"Remember the times girls at class teased you about other boys? Then you were never embarrassed, annoyed at most."

"..."

"Well, he truly isn't as boring everyday guys we see... He even saved you from entering a cycle of self-blame slash self-loathe... I can see why you might come to like him; I can also see why you won't acknowledge your feelings..."

"Livia!" a man's shout sounded, "Linia! Come down, I have a surprise for you two girls!" 

"Yes, dad!" Livia replied.

Livia took the projection globe and kept it in the cupboard before leaving her room along with Cassie. Her face showed emotion which soon faded as she climbed down the stairs. 

A young girl exited another room, climbing down with Livia. "Sis and her pineapple-headed friend," 10-something- year-old Linia said, smirking, "I wonder what dad's got for us, sis."

"Hey, brat," Cassie said, pinching Linia's cheek. 

The three girls climbed downstairs to where a man sat beside a woman on a sofa. Livia and Cassie sat down on an adjacent sofa while Linia hopped into the man's embrace.

"Daddy," Linia smiled, "I missed you so much."

"I missed you too, my cute little girl," the man said, as he kissed Linia's cheek, "Look how your sister doesn't even give me a welcome hug anymore... Linia, will you forget your dad when you grow up too?"

"Never!"

"I missed you too, dad," Livia said, sounding sincere but weak in tone.

"That's not convincing enough," the man replied.

The woman beside the man pinched his belly. "She's an adult now. Why would she want to welcome-hug an old man like you?" she said. 

"Who's old? If I'm old, you're old too," the man said only to receive another pinch. He then looked at Cassie. "You're Livia's friend, Cay... zee...?"

"Cassie," Cassie said.

"Yea... Cayzee... So, everyone ready for the big surprise?"

"Yes— Yes," Linia urged.

The man reached into his trouser pocket and slammed three pieces of paper on the table. "Ta-da!"

Linia eyes focused on the silky, silver sheets, her eyes widening slowly. "Ahh... Tickets to the Moon Ceremony!" she screamed.

"..." Cassie's face showed surprise though she remained quiet. Livia, on the other hand, had almost no astonishment depicted on her face.

"How did you get these?" questioned the woman, "Three at that."

"Ms. Mayor gave them to me?"

"Why would she give something this coveted to someone as typical as you," the woman frowned, glaring at the man, "There are plenty others like you working in the city hall?".

"Honey, I honestly have no clue as to why she gave these to me... Why are you looking at me like that? I wouldn't do anything that may break your heart, you know that."

Meanwhile, Linia snatched the tickets. "Dad, there's only three," she said, "I'm going no matter what."

"Yes, one's for you, my cutest daughter; one's for Livia, my prettiest daughter; last but not least, one's for my lovely wife..." the man then kissed the woman's cheek. "The place will be filled with mostly women, I'd better stay home..."

Cassie leaned closer and whispered in Livia's ear, "I think it's Lucas trying to win your favour... Giving your household three tickets and entice you... he still hasn't given up on you apparently..." she sighed, "You get three tickets nonetheless. You don't even want to go, but you get to go... That's unfair on the quantum level." 

"..." Livia remained quiet; then said, "Dad, I don't want to go... Cassie can go in my stead."

Cassie face darkened. "Hey! I was kidding," she whispered.

"What? Why would you not want to go?" the man questioned.

"I'm not eager to attend the ceremony, but Cassie is; it's her one wish... So, it would be better if she went instead... It's the right thing to do in this sort of situation..."

"..." Everyone was left speechless.

"Livia, you haven't been out of this house for almost a month now..." the woman commanded, "You need to go no matter what!". 

"But Cassie—"

"You're only using your friend as an escape..." the woman said, "Fine then... Cassie can go, but in my stead instead."

The man held the woman's hand, "But honey, didn't you want to witness it with your own eyes for once, at least?"

"I did, I'm not of young and of this generation anymore. It is better to let the youngsters have all the fun... Besides, I wouldn't enjoy it as much without you..." the woman laughed, "Plus, if my absence helps me outsmart my daughter's 'devious' schemes, I'd be more than happy to not go."

Everyone laughed as Livia cowered into a corner of the sofa.

"But aunt, is that really OK?" Cassie said.

"I said it, so it's final," the woman concluded.