 Chapter 4 - Second Encounter

Moon peaked the sky, the streets no longer crowded.

Vill's room was lit by a small, white globe fixed in the wall. He sat at the table with a pencil in hand and a book in front. He shuffled through the pages of the book; some filled with names, some with drawn maps, and even plain text.

"Well, the plan is set..." Vill muttered, "Now I just need to do is— initiate it perfectly before the bastard becomes the next king of The Settan Country... which happens in about three months." 

Just then, sounds of knocking could be heard and Vill glanced at the door, frowning. 

"Huh," Vill said.

Vill placed everything back in the bag before shoving it behind the wardrobe. He then went up to the door carrying his sheathed sword and opened the door slowly just enough to peak his head out. At the door was a figure robed in green, face obscured by a hood.

"Umm... Hey..." Vill said.

"I can't believe it... It really is you," said the figure in a feminine voice.

Vill's frown deepened, clasping the hilt of his sword.

"Oh... I forgot..." the figure said, as she pulled off her hood, "It's me... the girl from three years ago... Lily Flore... remember?"

Vill scrutinized the emerald-haired girl's face. "You— how did you— what are you doing here?" he said hurriedly.

"Can I come in first?"

"Umm, sure..." Vill said, opening the door fully, "Umm... about that time, you know, me leaving like that without even thanking you for saving my life..."

"Don't worry about it. You couldn't have been rational then after what happened..." she said, walking inside, "Plus, I actually liked the way you just left. Like some may say, it was kind of 'badass'..."

"Great... So, how and why are you here?" Vill said, after shutting the door.

"Hmm..." Lily said, taking off her robe, "Even days after the incident, thoughts of you never left my mind... mostly due to the guilt... I couldn't help but visit the towns and cities near that place, I sent men looking for you, but no trace of you was found, aside from your name: 'Vill'."

"Yea..." Vill eyes scanned across Lily in a blouse, "I didn't wanna be a sitting duck; after all, I did somehow get on the nerves of a sadist who also happens to be the heir of the Settan throne."

"fair enough," Lily said, "So you practice the sword now?" looking at Vill's sword.

"Yea, it soothes me. Gives me closure in fear I may face 'such' a situation again... Ha-ha" Vill said. 

"I'm sorry about that, I still feel sad thinking about it..." she said, her eyes on Vill's burned hand, "We, three great stars, are the strongest besides The Sun and The Moon. There's nothing that can stand against us... But we are still human; we are never satisfied with what we have... In some cases, for self-security fearing that the others may surpass us, or in others cases, for sheer supremacy... So we always keep an eye out for new fallen fragments, and find them, so—"

"So you could hand it to a trust-worthy individual, not of sky-origin, and then they could be an extra source of power for your people, a guest of your clan as you might say; but if I might say, 'a servant'... I know how things work... I've done my homework." Vill said, "So, why are you here? And how did you find me?"

"Oh... Getting on peoples' nerves is an inbuilt trait of yours," Lily said, "This is honestly the first time someone not of sky-origin had been rude to me."

"But... unfortunately, this isn't the first time someone's said that to me," responded Vill.

"You know I could kill you without a single scratch on me, right?" Lily said, showing a palm, a tiny vine sprouted in the middle, dangling about.

"Heh." Vill drew his blade instantly, and the blade streaked, stopping right by Lily's throat. "I can do that too; it seems... I also know you wouldn't just kill someone for being rude..."

Lily stepped back, her face showing fear. "How did you— do that?" she uttered.

"You said it yourself only seconds ago," Vill lowered his blade. "You sky-origins sure do have powers that put you above the rest, but you are still human in flesh and blood; thus, you have the basic elements of a human being. You feel fear, you feel pain, and most of all you feel surprise. You, like the rest of us, can be surprised the shit out of... like what I just showed you..."

Lily's eyes fixed at Vill, unmoving. "I always knew you weren't just another guy victim of Ryne's abuse, even when tortured by him it didn't seem like you were afraid of him, rather just in great pain..."

"Umm, I guess..."

Lily sat down on the bed, as she took out a small pouch from her skirt's pocket. She then tossed the pouch at Vill. "This is why and how I came here," she said.

Vill brows raised as he opened the pouch, and just as he did, violet light escaped it, lighting up the whole room. Vill's face in disbelief took out the object inside: a four-headed, purple star.

"It's the same freaking one... How the hell did you get it?" Vill uttered.

"Well... After the Settans took it from you, they tried finding a worthy individual for it, but they never did manage to find one; the fragment accepted no one... With no choice left, they stored it in their treasury in case they find someone later... It was there until some foreigners living at the Settan Country heisted the treasury... That's how we believe it got out... Months later, I found it in a hotel I stayed in when I was in Kurrile, a kingdom near The Settan Country."

"..."

"They say this happens, though almost never, when the fragment is picky. Picky enough to not choose just anyone. It would only accept a certain someone with its preferred traits. They say in such cases; it finds its way to its master through destiny. These picky fragments are said to hold greater power and its lords will be superior to the norm."

"Are you saying it had chosen me as its master? How are you so certain?" Vill asked, his face still in surprise.

"It guided me here, that's how I found you," Lily said, "When I touched it, I felt a presence and I traveled toward it, which led me here... Someone with a sword never struck me as intimidating... you may be weaker than me by a large margin, but you could've killed me just then... You aren't as ordinary as you think you are..."

"I never thought of myself as ordinary... Hi-hi..." Vill said, "So this is mine now? You're just gonna give it to me, its rightful owner?"

"Of course, why else would I have taken a detour and come this far from The Ju-ujan Country?"

"Wow..." Vill breathed in hard, "This just seems too fantastical even for a reality like ours."

"I know..." Lily stood up and took the star fragment from Vill's hand. "You wouldn't want to integrate here, right? That'd wake everyone in the neighborhood," she said, placing the fragment back in its pouch.

"..."

She then squeezed the pouch in Vill's trouser pocket. "You know— I don't think it was a mere coincidence that I was the one to find the fragment and also the one to deliver it to you," she said, placing a palm on Vill's chest their faces inches away.

"Maybe it knew you'd be an honest girl and deliver it to its rightful owner," Vill replied smiling.

"Or maybe it was hinting something else entirely," Lily said, her face getting closer to Vill's, "Remember when I said I looked for you mostly by the guilt? Guilt was the most of it, the rest was something else..."

"Am I interpreting this wrong? Or are you seducing me?"

Lily chuckled. "Maybe I am..."

"All right then," Vill said, wrapping an arm around her waist and pulling her closer, their hips touching.

Vill then lowered his head, closing his eyes and locking his lips with Lily's creamy lips. Then, parting both their lips apart, they both sucked on each other's lips, their tongues touching one other. While kissing passionately, they both stepped toward the bed, him forward and her backward. 

Vill then pushed Lily, her body falling on the bed, her face blushed in an embarrassed smile. He got on the bed and crawled on top of her. Then, they began kissing, their tongues diving in each other mouths, exchanging saliva.

Their lips separated as Vill kissed his way down to her neck while his hand slid under her blouse peeling it off slowly. With her blouse now off, his lips moved further down passing her protruding collarbone, right between her cleavage from her white bra. He kissed their flanks, as his fingers crept under her bra and pulled it off, exposing round, white breasts with pink-tipped nipples.

Without wait, Vill held her right breast, fondling it as his lips clasped its tip, sucking and nibbling on it. Lily moaned upon so as her body jerked. In a few moments, Vill switched onto her left breast and fiddled its nipple with his tongue, licking it. 

After caressing her breasts, Vill leaned back, and pulled off Lily's skirt, revealing her broad hips, her slender, yet thick thighs and her panty-covered pussy. Vill then parted her legs with his hands while her face blushed. His fingers stroked her on her panties, already damn in state. Following, he took them off, revealing the pink slit underneath.

Vill played with the dangling flesh, before he lowered his head, kissing the wet ravine. Then, his tongue crept in and out, twisted and turned. He licked and then nibbled on Lily's clit fiddling it around. In response, Lily moaned out loud while biting the back of her hand, her limbs uneasy and her face distressed.

Vill leaned up, glancing at the naked figure as he took his shirt off. His masculine physique, fit but not muscular, appeared. He undid his belt and took off his trousers and at last, he took off his undershorts as well. His dick now out, up, and erect.

Vill then held Lily's dangling legs by their thighs and pulled her lying body closer to his. Standing on his knees, he held his cock and led its tip to her crevice opening. He inserted the tip, parting the lips, and yanked her hips closer, piercing it in whole. 

"Aah..." Lily wailed.

"Fuck... it's hella tight..." Vill said, placing one of her dangling legs on his shoulder. He then held her thigh as he pushed his hip back and forth. 

"Aah.. aah... aah..." Lily moaned, a hand clenching the sheets while the other rubbing her clit. Her breast jiggled back and forth as Vill's thrusts got quicker, and with the pace, her moans and her face went up gradually.

Time had passed, and Vill stopped thrusting. He then grabbed her hands and pulled her body up, his dick still in her. Him sitting knelt her sitting astride on his lap, their chests touching. His arms then held her hips pulling it up and down. Her emerald hair tossing up and down along with her breasts. Both their bodies sweating profusely. 

-- 

Lily crashed down on bed, and Vill crashed on her. 

"I never knew sex could be this delightful... this... blissful" Lily said.

"That was something else even for me..." Vill said, "You're really tight, is that common amongst your clan people, or just the sky-origins in general".

"I don't know, I never checked for such details...Hi-hi..." Lily said, "Vill, how about you join my clan as a guest star lord? If you join us, no one will dare bother you and you'll be quite safe... Even as an 'employee' or a 'servant' it'd be safer than a being a backing-less, 'free' star lord..."

"Umm... I don't know... I'll think about it..."

"Ok. How about we start dating? You'll be the boyfriend of the next Ju-ujan Queen, you'll be much safer too... I mean we can at least try, right? If it doesn't work out, we can always stop."

"You seem too concerned about my safety... Are you this concerned when it comes to others too?"

"Just the ones that give me an orgasm I'd never forget... Just kidding, I just don't want you to get hurt... I mean— if Ryne finds out that you have the fragment, he'd go mad..."

"True that, but I'm certain dating won't work out..."

"Oh, how are you certain?" Lily chuckled, "Ha-ha... Am I perhaps not up to your standards?" 

"To be frank, you aren't..."

"Oh... like the fragment, its master is picky as well," stated Lily. "So, what are your bottom-line standards?"

"Don't know... pretty high for sure... probably beyond this world..." Vill said, "All in all, I can't date you, but would fuck with you anytime..."

"Hmm... I like how you are, at least, honest about it unlike 'some' others," her face smoldered, "So tomorrow night we should go deep into some nearby woods to integrate you two..."

"Yea..." Vill said, smirking.

*****

Note from author... 

Was the erotic part good? Too elaborative? Or not enough? Tell me about it...