 [A continuation of my first story: Vines and Wine.]

Evelyn groaned. The silver-haired paladin groaned lightly as she shifted. Dawns light streamed into the tent from a crack in the flaps. It was long, long past dawn, and the longest she had slept in years. Her eyes opened slowly, noting with speed that this was not -her- tent. The color was all wrong. The second thing they noted, was that a thick, human arm was around her midsection. The third thing, was that she was presently nude.

The elfs cheeks turned a bright pink. ~Aa... Aaron? What in Ochannas name-~ She blinked... Wine. Lots and LOTS of wine had been had last night, after a full days ride into the deep forest. The memories came back to her, slowly at first, before sliding through her mind as a hurricane. The argument, the kissing. The binding of her hands... Then the stripping of her clothing, which was likely scattered near the rock at this point. And then... 

The elfs cheeks burned as she recalled the culmination of last nights activities. She could barely stand the very thought. Her, a paladin. Pure, virtuous, strong hearted and strong willed. Laid low to her own bodies base urges. She began to squirm. She had to get away and never think or talk of this again. 

"Mmrrrmmm...," came the soft grumble from her lover. His arm pulled her close. Despite her superior strength, the elfess found herself all but helpless. Shock more than physique allowed him to press her back against his chest. The same member that had sent her to the very peak of joy the night previous nestled nicely between her taut, toned cheeks. Despite herself, she ground, just a bit in memory of that glorious night. Her companion stirred and she froze.

"Mmf..." was the first thing from his lips. The second was his tongue, followed shortly by his teeth, right at the tip of her ear. "Good morning there Evey." 

An annoyed, but pleasured coo echoed from her lips "I said don't call me that... Let me go...!," She started, squirming to pull away. "Last night was a-a... An anomaly! N-Now release me Aaron!" 

The bard chuckled as she began to wriggle free of his grasp, only to slip and fall forward, her toned, perfect backside high in the air. Not a drop of seed showed on her sex or thighs, having soaked deeper into her depths overnight. 

"Stop your laughing, bard, before I break your jaw!" She snapped back at him, looking over her shoulder. Her soft, silver hair framed her face perfectly. 

A smirk lit the humans rough face as he sat up. "I don't think I will... And I don't think you're going anywhere this morning," he said, licking his lips and reaching up, grabbing her by the hips, "'Least... Not 'til we've had our fun."

The elfs eyes went wide, shaking her head "Y-You can't be serious Aaron! We've just awoken!" She said, her hands scrambling for purchase on the ground as he yanked her back towards him, grinding his thick member between her cheeks. 

Aaron reached forward, grasping one firm, full, heavy breast in his hand and giving it a deep, full squeeze, pinching her nipple and twisting it lightly, even as she clawed at the ground. Her lips parted as she froze, giving a deep, lustful moan. Her sex clenched around nothingness for a few moments. Her face blushed just as it had the last night as she looked back at him, full of fury and want. 

"Stop that you bastard!" she cried out, struggling against his firm grip on her hips.

"Not even close!" came the quick reply from the man. Another pinch, and another frozen moan from the elf. Her sex was quickly becoming wet, and her struggles were becoming more desperate. Slowly, she was gaining ground towards the exit. With a grunt, Aaron released her breast, giving her a brief moments respite, before stuffing his fingers into her sex. 

"Almos-Uuuughn!~" Came the cry from Evelyns lips, her legs snapping together and her head hanging forward "A-aaron! S-stop!" she whimpered out, looking back. Her lips and her voice begged for mercy. The look in her eyes however, begged for dominance.

Aaron chose the latter, and began pistoning his fingers in and out of her sex, rapidly twisting and pumping the elfs sex. His other hand held a firm grip on the elfs hip, keeping her steady and on her hands and knees. 

"Ah-Ah! Ahn... A-aaron.. Aa-Aaron! S-s-stooop!" begged Evelyn, though her hips began to buck against his ministrations. "Y-You've got t-to s-stop!" ~I... Oh Goddess his fingers are going so DEEP inside me... He... he has to stop soon or I'll...!~ 

"Well... I think you've had enough of that..." stated Aaron, matter-of-factly. 

The elf relaxed, her face dropping to the pillow beneath her, knocked around by her struggles. Her soft, pillowy breasts pressed to the bedroll as she slumped down "Oh thank the goddess.. A-Aaron I thought you were about t- HHHNNGUUGH!" Her panting exaltation of gratitude swiftly turned into the deep and surprised moan of unsuspected ecstasy.

Her protests stopped, and her head snapped forward, eyes going wide before starting to cross. "N-N... A-Ah!" Her voice sang out in pleasure as her bard lover began to thrust into her from behind. Both of his hands were on her hips, squeezing them, groping her firm flanks and pounding her with all he was worth. Grunts and groans echoed from his lips as she sank into the rhythm of his bucking. "A-ah. More. More A-Aaron more!" She cried, begged out for him.

Aaron was only too happy to oblige, leaning forward and nibbling the tip of her ear, which sent her into a blushing fit of babbling nothings. "Fffnzguhnmmm!" was the closest that could be called a 'word', as her fingers curled at the ground and bedspread beneath her, clawing at it needily. The clap of hip on hip and skin on skin echoed in the tent.

Evelyns moans became more and more rhythmic. Her soft, blue eyes rolled back, crossing "A-Aaron.. I'm gonna.. I'm g-gonna..!" ~Oh FUCK.. G-goddess... Oh he's so BIG inside me! Oh ff... he's doing it to me again! White... E-everything's going white again! I'm l-losing my mind!~ Her tongue rolled out to the side of her mouth, panting and drooling onto the floor as she bounced back against him, her cunt clenching hungrily around his cock. "A-AH.. AHH! F-F-FUCK! A-AARON! MMNGNHHGGNNFUUUCKME!" she cried out, and climax once more cascaded over her consciousness, eyes crossed and rolled up, tongue out and drooling, cumming herself stupid once more.

Aaron could never hold back against the elfs honey-slick pussy, and hammered home as he felt her clench and collapse around him. With a deep, sudden thrust he slammed into her sex, and roared near the elfs pointed ear "E-Evelyn!" He gasped out, before letting rope after rope of thick, warm, fertilizing baby batter fill her hungry snatch. More and more he stuffed his seed inside her. A hand on her shoulder shoved her down, forcing her face to the pillow beneath her as she drooled and moaned numbly, making certain the seed stayed inside her. ".. Damn, Evey."

Evelyns eye twitched and she babbled incoherently, aftershocks rolling through her body. "A-Aaron... Y-you bastard..." she managed after several minutes of having her ass in the air, shuddering. "S-stop calling me that..."

"Should I stop fucking you too from now on?" He retorted, a smirk on his face as he rubbed her tight backside.

".. If you do I'll kill you... Go get my clothes and armor from my tent... You fucked me so hard I can't move." She said with a blush, mumbling the last sentence

Aaron chuckled, shaking his head and laying down, pulling her down against him and stroking her hair. "Nope. We're going to waste the day like this."

".. You're trying to turn me into a harlot."

".. Is it working?"

Her only response? A deep crimson blush as she looked away.