 Author's note: I received an e-mail requesting that I write a story about aliens taking over humans and creating insatiable sexual desires. The person requesting this story had read another story on Literotica entitled Hosts. He was disappointed that the author of Hosts did not write any more chapters after the first submission, which is why he asked me to write about this topic. It is my first venture into this story category so let me know what you think. I will continue with story if the feedback in encouraging. Thank you!

INTRODUCTION

Four astronauts aboard the international space station are inhabited by alien hosts who use human sexual desires to re-populate their alien presence. The crew is returned to earth and after being briefed by the space agency they all return to their former lives. The alien's continue to use their human hosts to recruit other humans through the exploitation of sex. 

Chapter 01 – The International Space Station
Chapter 02 – Astronauts are debriefed and return to duty 
Chapter 03 – Rachel returns to her family life
Chapter 04 – Aaron meets his son's roommate
Chapter 05 – Carl visits a gay bath house
Chapter 06 – Sam resumes his private practice
Chapter 07 – The alien population continues to grow using humans as hosts

CHAPTER 4 – AARON MEETS HIS SON'S ROOMMATE

AARON CATCHES HIS SON IN THE ACT

Aaron had returned home from the NASA debriefing and his son Billy was home from college. Billy had brought his college roommate Butch home with him for a visit. That night the three of them sat around talking and Aaron described his experience on the space station but he did not tell the boys about all the sex. The three of them had a few beers while they talked and then it was time to turn in. 

The next morning Aaron was awake before the boys and he went down to the kitchen to make coffee. He wished that his ex-wife was still around as he was extremely horny and his dick had stayed hard all morning. His ex-wife Shelia had divorced him as she got tired of the life as an astronaut's wife. As the coffee was brewing he decided to check in on the boys. He went upstairs and was about to knock on his son's bedroom door when he heard Billy's voice. Aaron could hardly make it out through the closed door but he was sure that Billy was urging Butch to fuck him. This he had to see for himself. Aaron opened the door quietly and peeked through the crack. Sure enough Billy was on all fours and Butch was fucking him from behind. 

As Aaron watched the boys fuck he felt his own cock harden again in an instant. Aaron, with the alien's help at that moment, decided to fuck the two boys. He stripped off his shorts and his big eleven inch cock sprang to attention. Aaron entered the room quietly and walked around in front of Billy. Both Billy and Butch were shocked to see Aaron in Billy's room but they were even more shocked to see him naked with his big eleven inch cock fully erect. They stopped fucking and they both stared at his imposing cock.

"I thought that you two may like to have some company," Aaron said as he waved his big dick in front of Billy's face.

"Oh my God dad, we've never done it with anyone else," replied Billy in embarrassment. 

"Do it Billy, suck his cock. It's okay it's your dad. Let's make it a threesome," the always assertive Butch urged, "God look at the size of your dad's cock." 

Billy tentatively reached for his father's cock. He held the long thick cock in his hand briefly before he finally licked the head with his tongue. Billy couldn't believe the girth on Aaron's cock as he could not wrap his hand all the way around it. Billy opened his mouth and took the head into his mouth and he felt his jaw strain to accommodate his father's size. Billy only took about four inches of Aaron's cock into his mouth and began to suck on it. Butch resumed fucking his roommate as Billy sucked on his father's cock. The three of them were turned on and it didn't take long for Butch to cum and fill Billy's ass with his first massive load of the day. 

Aaron loved the blow job he was getting from his son as it was as good as any he ever had. Even though Billy was still adjusting to Aaron's size he did a good job sucking his cock. It had been a few days since Aaron had had sex so when he came he flooded Billy's mouth. Billy was taken back by the force and amount of cum that his father shot into his mouth. Billy had to pull off Aaron's cock to keep from gagging and the remainder of Aaron's cum splashed off of Billy's forehead and face. Butch emptied his balls into Billy's ass as he watched Aaron's massive load hit Billy's face. Billy wiped cum off his face and licked his fingers clean. As Billy swallowed his father's cum an alien substance made its way into Billy's system.

"I need to cum," Billy gasped.

Butch moved into position to be fucked and Billy got the lube and prepared Butch's ass. As Billy was fingering Butch's shapely ass Aaron decided that he would fuck his son. Aaron took the lube and fingered Billy's ass. Billy was leery of Aaron's big cock and he hoped that his father wouldn't try to fuck him. Billy slipped his cock into Butch's ass and began fucking him while Aaron continued to finger fuck Billy. Billy actually liked the anal penetration as he fucked his roommate and he wished that his father had a smaller cock so that his father could fuck him.

Aaron satisfied that Billy's ass was well lubed applied a generous amount of lube to his own cock. Aaron moved in behind Billy and pushed his cock into Billy's asshole. Billy panicked and pleaded with Aaron not to fuck him.

"Dad please no, you're too big, I can't take you in my ass," Billy begged.

"Nonsense, if Rachel, Sam and Carl could take my cock in their ass you certainly can. You just need to be broken in some more," Aaron replied. Billy then remembered that Rachel, Carl and Sam were astronauts on the space shuttle with his dad.

"Fuck him Aaron, fuck his ass just like he's fucking mine," Butch urged.

Billy's fate was sealed and Aaron eased more of his cock into Billy's ass. Aaron was gentle though relentless in his quest to fuck his son. Aaron would push in a little and stop allowing Billy to adjust along the way. Finally Aaron began a rocking motion and began fucking Billy slowly. Billy's ass had stretched enough now that he was comfortable with Aaron's cock in him and he resumed fucking Butch. As Billy picked up the pace fucking Butch in the ass he was pushing his own ass back onto Aaron's cock. Then something happened to Billy. Butch's ass was tightening around Billy's cock. Billy had never felt Butch tighten his anal passage as he was doing now as Billy's cock was being squeezed. 

"Holy shit Billy your cock is getting longer and thicker in my ass. What the hell is happening?" Butch yelled.

Billy then realized that his cock was growing in size in Butch's ass but how could that be happening? Aaron stopped moving as he didn't have to while Billy was fucking Butch. Billy would bury his cock in Butch and in the process his ass would slide along Aaron's cock. When Billy withdrew slightly from Butch's ass he impaled his ass on Aaron's cock. Aaron inched closer and closer as Billy seemed to be able to take more and more of his cock. Then Billy felt Aaron's pubic hair brush against his buttocks and he realized that Aaron was all the way in his ass. Billy couldn't believe that he had taken all of his father's big thick cock. Billy was proud of himself now and he picked up the pace fucking Butch and impaling himself of Aaron's cock.

Aaron came before Billy did but when Billy felt cum shoot into his ass he lost it. Billy's buttocks tightened as he plunged his cock all the way into Butch's ass and unleashed his first load of the day. Billy flooded his roommate's rectum with an enormous load one of the largest he could remember. As Billy's buttocks clenched and unclenched as he came in Butch's ass, he milked every drop of cum from Aaron's cock. Aaron caressed Billy's shapely ass as he let his cock be milked dry. Aaron liked looking at the tanned boys with their lily white asses. The fact that they had tan lines emphasized the shape of their curvy bottoms.

Butch was erect again after the fuck session and he stared in amazement as he watched his cock grow in front of his eyes. Butch too had been invaded by the alien who now took over his body. Butch felt the tremendous need to cum so he had Billy suck his cock. Aaron watched Billy suck his friend's cock and then he too got hard again. Billy was also hard again after sucking his friend and swallowing his load. This time Butch would take Aaron's cock in his ass as he sucked Billy's cock. The three of them fucked and sucked until they were drained and exhausted. 

Aaron, Butch and Billy finished their marathon fuck sessions. Aaron had fucked and cum in both Butch's ass and Billy's ass while the boys took turns sucking each other's cock. Then Aaron was blown by Billy as Butch fucked Billy in the ass. Then Butch had sucked Aaron's cock while Billy fucked Butch's ass. Aaron had cum four times, once in each of the boy's holes. They lay drained on the bed and then Aaron told the boy's of his plan for them to fuck Billy's mother. The boys listened intently and excitedly as Aaron told them about inviting Shelia over. Aaron lied to the boys when he told them that Billy's mother always had a secret desire to have sex with two or three men at the same time.

"Really she wants to have group sex?" asked Butch not hiding his excitement.

"Yes she does I can think of no better partners than you two. Just wait until she sees your big cocks and mine," Aaron told them.

The two boys looked at their renewed cocks and they were mystified how they had grown in just one day. Aaron knew something was awry because every time he had sex with a male their cocks got longer and thicker just like his. When he had sex with a woman her body changed for the better and she became insatiable. He also had the capacity for more sex than ever in his life. He knew that it had to have something to do with his time in space. He still remembered how insatiable he, Rachel, Sam and Carl had become in space. Now he was planning the seduction of his ex-wife with the help of his son and another boy.

"Fuck my own mother! No way I couldn't do that besides I have never fucked a pussy," Billy blurted out.

"You don't have to fuck her pussy, I'll do that. You guys can take her ass and her mouth. She loves it in the ass and she loves to suck cock," Aaron lied.

Then the assertive Butch spoke out, "Let's do it. Billy you fuck your mother in the ass and I'll fuck you in the ass. Then we will switch and I bet with a cock in our ass we can stay hard and fuck your mother."

"I don't know Butch, my Mom?" Dannie questioned.

"You heard Aaron, she loves it and she wants it. I say we do it," Butch affirmed.

Aaron left the two boys in his son's bed to call his ex-wife. 

SHELIA IS SEDUCED BY THE ALIEN POWER

Shelia took her ex-husband's phone call and took the bait that her son wanted to see her. Shelia made her way over to the house the next day but when she arrived, Aaron told her that Billy had stepped out for a moment. Aaron under the alien's power kissed Sheila deeply but she stepped back and slapped him. 

"What do you think you are doing?" she screamed at him.

"Sorry it's been so long and I am happy to see you," Aaron explained his action.

"That's no excuse, you know I am seeing Roy these days," she said sternly.

But the kiss had been just wet enough for an alien substance to transfer to Shelia and as it made its way through her body she felt the change in her. Aaron noticed the change too and he took her in his arms and kissed her again. This time she kissed him back and they began to rip off each other's clothes. Sheila's tits got bigger and firmer, her waist got narrower and her stomach tightened up. She stared at Aaron's cock and it was almost twice the size that she remembered. Aaron picked her up and carried her into his bedroom and she forgot all about her son for the moment. Aaron lay on his back as Shelia began a slow descent from his lips to his massive cock. Soon she had Aaron's rock hard cock in her mouth. Aaron turned around so that he could get to her pussy and he began to eat her as she sucked his cock.

"I can't believe that I am getting so hot," Shelia said, "I have to have your cock in me I am going to sit on your cock," she gasped.

Shelia straddled Aaron's body and lowered herself onto his cock. She moaned as it filled her pussy and then began to slowly rock back and forth. It was obvious that she wanted this fuck to last for awhile. Aaron cupped her ass as she rocked back and forth and then he began to play with her asshole. He grabbed the lotion near the bed and applied a generous amount to the crack in her buttocks. He pushed one then two fingers into her asshole as she continued to ride him. Aaron could feel his own cock in her vagina through the thin membrane. Shelia was going wild with the double penetration and she humped him faster and faster. 

"Oh this is going to be a big one, hold me hold me," she pleaded.

Aaron held her tightly as Shelia exploded with an intense orgasm. Shelia shook and moaned as she squirted her woman cum all over his cock. She collapsed on Aaron's body as he continued to fuck her slowly. Aaron looked over her shoulder and saw Billy and Butch standing there naked and both sporting huge erections. They must have come in the room while Shelia was cumming. Aaron smiled and motioned to Billy pointing to Shelia' ass. He nodded getting Aaron's meaning. Aaron nodded toward the lotion on the table and Billy picked it up. He lathered up his cock with the lotion and then he moved toward the bed. Aaron grabbed Shelia's buttocks and pulled them to the side putting her asshole on full display. She was starting to get aroused again so she resumed her movements on Aaron's cock. Billy knelt on the bed and aimed his dick at his mother's asshole.

She stiffened when she felt the intrusion. "What the," she exclaimed!

"It's okay it's Billy and his roommate Butch," Aaron assured her.

Billy eased his cock all the way into her ass and began fucking her. Soon the father and son had a good rhythm going and they could feel each other's cock through the thin membrane separating them. All of this was too much for Butch and he lubed his cock with the lotion and knelt behind Billy to fuck him in the ass.

"Billy you shouldn't being doing this! Where is your friend Butch?" Shelia questioned.

"Right now he is in Billy's ass fucking him as we fuck," Aaron replied.

"Sweet mother of God," she exclaimed somewhat in shock!

Their cocks were sliding in and out of Shelia in perfect harmony. As Aaron slid out of her cunt Billy filled her asshole. When Aaron filled her pussy Billy slid out of her ass and experienced Butch's cock penetrating his ass fully. Aaron had the best vantage point and he could see the looks of ecstasy on their faces. Shelia was moaning and trembling with the double penetration and Billy was in another world as he fucked and got fucked at the same time. Butch had a look of determination on his face as he pounded Billy's ass.

They kept on fucking one another and they were getting close to cumming when Billy called out, "Oh Butch, oh Butch."

Butch called back to him, "Its okay we are all cumming."

Butch yelled, "I'm going to shoot."

Aaron watched Butch stiffen and bury his cock deep in Billy's ass as he filled it with his man seed. This seemed to set Billy off as his body stiffened at first and then leaped several times like a coiled spring as he came in Shelia's ass. Shelia felt Aaron's cum fill her womb for the first time that day. It seemed that Aaron would not stop cumming as he fired streams of cum into her filling her pussy to overflowing. Shelia collapsed on top of Aaron crushing her larger firmer breasts into his chest as her hips gyrated out of control. Aaron could feel her juices soaking his cock once again. The looks on all the faces were ones of bewilderment and ecstasy.

They all lay still on top of one another as the three bodies had collapsed with Aaron on the bottom. Finally one by one they separated. Billy and Butch stood beside the bed and they all looked at one another somewhat in disbelief of what just happened. Shelia finally broke the silence. Shelia sheepishly got out of bed and ran into the bathroom. She was clearly embarrassed by what had happened but most of all she was embarrassed because she had enjoyed it so much.

Butch exclaimed, "Man that was the wildest sex I have ever been involved in."

Butch continued, "To see your mother being double fucked was unbelievable and I was so turned on I just had to join in and fuck Billy." 

"Yeah, it was pretty wild okay. I wasn't sure how she would react but she did seem to get into it," Aaron replied.

"She is probably thinking about it in the bathroom and trying to figure out what she will say to us," voiced Butch.

They continued a three way conversation about the sex act and replaying how they felt. As they talked Aaron noticed that Butch and Billy were getting hard again. The amazing recuperative powers triggered by the alien were at work once again. Then they started to play with each other's dick and soon they were ready for more action.

"This time I fuck you" Billy said to Butch.

Butch got up on all fours and arched his back wiggling his bubble butt at Billy. Billy slipped behind him and re-lubed his cock and Butch's asshole. Billy slid in easily to the well used ass and began to fuck Butch.

"Aaron, stick your cock in my mouth, please" Butch requested.

Billy then coaxed me, "Dad do it. I want to see him suck your big cock again while I fuck his ass."

Aaron moved over to Butch and presented him with his semi-erect cock. Butch took Aaron in his mouth and before long he had him rock hard. Butch was a very accomplished cocksucker and he knew just how to keep Aaron hard until he came. Billy was fucking Butch's ass as Butch was sucking Aaron's dick. Butch had a hard-on just from the action he was getting.

Aaron looked up to see the bathroom door open and saw Shelia standing there watching them suck and fuck. She dropped her towel and moved closer to them. She looked down at Butch's erection and then shocked everyone all by dropping to her knees and taking the cock in her mouth. Billy and Aaron smiled at each other as Butch gasped on Billy's cock when he felt Sheila's mouth envelop his dick. This act by Shelia set the guys all over the edge and all of them ejaculated into the accompanying receptacles. 

Aaron filled Butch's mouth with cum as Billy filled Butch's asshole with his seed. Butch moaned and groaned as he filled Billy's mother's mouth with his cum. Shelia continued to suck on Butch's cock until she had drained him of all his cum. Butch collapsed on the bed with Billy behind him. Aaron sat on the bed and Shelia sat next to him. Aaron lay on his back so that Shelia could straddle his cock as she did before. She slowly sank down burying Aaron's cock in her juicy cunt. Billy lubed up his cock and her ass and slid his dick into her bunghole. Butch presented her with his hard cock. Shelia started going wild humping two cocks and sucking another. Aaron could feel her squirting her pussy juice all over his cock. She was incredibly turned on.

Billy called out, "Butch switch with me."

Butch and Billy traded places as Billy presented his hard cock to his mother's mouth and Butch slid his huge erect dick into her ass. This was more of a turn-on then they expected and soon we were all cumming in Shelia's holes.

Butch strangely enough was the first to cum and screamed out, "Oh man, I'm cumming, I'm doing it, and I am cumming in your ass."

Billy came next flooding his mother's mouth as Aaron filled her womb with a generous amount of cum. Shelia shook with her own orgasm and collapsed on Aaron as Butch collapsed on her.
