 Chilani dug her nails into the zabrak man's chest as she rode his cock. Her light blue skin glistened with sweat. He took hold of the back of her legs and pulled down, pressing his cock even deeper inside her. Chilani moaned loudly, she needed this badly. It wasn't often she got around to treating herself to a good fuck, and she was certainly going to make the most of this one. The zabrak leaned forward and began to kiss her breasts, toying with her nipples with his teeth and tongue. She put her hand on the back of his head to keep him there, carefully avoiding the many two inch horns that crowned his skull. They were racing now, to see who would cum first. By the look on the man's face, Chilani could tell it would likely be him. Seconds later her suspicions were confirmed when she heard him gasp and felt him fill her with his hot sticky seed. 

Not for the first time she was thankful for the contraceptives she used. Rolling her eyes in frustration, she dismounted him and, took his cock in her hands and began to stroke it. She paused to lick the underside of his cock from base to tip, making him good and hard once more. She straddled him again and within moments had made up all the ground she'd lost by his untimely orgasm. His hands cupped her ass as she slammed herself onto him, their foreheads pressed together. She dug her fingertips into the back of his neck and her mouth dropped open in a silent scream of ecstasy as she felt herself approach the edge of an orgasm. Reacting to her pleasure, the zabrak sunk his teeth into the nape of her neck, just a hair less than gently. Chilani felt the dam within her burst and she rode wave after wave of orgasm until it left her panting and motionless with his cock still deep inside her. Finally she rolled off him onto her back staring in silence at the ceiling.

"Fuck that was good," she said, still panting slightly. The zabrak let out a low chuckle, and Chilani found herself smiling.

"Are all Chiss this good?" he asked, "you're the first I've been with."

"I imagine Dromund Kaas doesn't provide you with a surplus of nonhuman partners," She said.

"You have no idea," he replied somewhat sadly. As the center of the Sith Empire, Dromund Kaas wasn't exactly known as a welcoming place for alien species. Even while working for a prestigious Sith Lord, Chilani had gotten no shortage of snide remarks and disgusted looks. She couldn't wait to put this planet in the wake of her hyperdrive. With that in mind, she rolled out of the bed and began to strap on the durasteel plated body armor that had become like a second skin to her.

"You don't have to leave so soon you know," the zabrak said, watching her dress. Chilani smiled.

"Don't tell me I've made you feel sleazy," she teased, "that wouldn't be very professional of you." She tossed him the credit chip he was owed and he caught it in the air. "Besides, I paid for the night, not by the hour."

"Trust me honey," he laughed, "nothing you could do would make me feel sleazy, I've done it all. It's just most of my clients don't provide me with such a spectacular view."

"Flattery won't make me pay you better," Chilani said.

"But it's true," he protested, "those eyes of yours are just.. intoxicating." That was a surprise. Most non Chiss found her species glowing red eyes somewhat disturbing. Chilani allowed herself a smile at the zabrak's compliment, whether sincere or not.

"Pleasure doing business with you." She gave him a wink.

"Hey if you're ever in town again look me up," he said, "might give you a discount."

-------------------------

Chilani walked into the Kaas City cantina and walked up to the bar. Many eyes turned to her with looks ranging from disdain to outright hatred. The bartender took a quick look at her and scoffed.

"No nonhumans in the main dining room," he said, "you'll have to go around back if you want service." Chilani was burning with anger, but kept her cool.

"I'm not here to drink," she said, "I'm meeting a client."

"Like I said, no nonhumans in the main dining room," the bartender retorted, placing both hands on the bar and trying to look as big as possible. "Go around back you alien cu..."

"Enough," said a voice, soft but powerful. The entire cantina stilled.

"L-Lord Machivius," the bartender stammered, "it's an honor to have you here sir. I'll bring out my best Alderaanian wine for you my lord."

"No need," said the Sith, raising a hand as if to physically block the man's offer. "My business is with this woman and we require discretion.

"Yes my lord," the bartender said, eager to please. "Take any of the offices you like."

"Follow me hunter," the Sith commanded. Chilani did as she was told. Though she didn't normally like being ordered around, this man was her employer. As long as he was footing her bill, she was willing to take most commands from him. As they entered one of the second floor offices the Sith sat.

"The tests run on the body of the man you brought me do indeed verify his identity," he said, "as discussed upon your acceptance of this bounty I've waited until such confirmation came through to render your fee to you." From within his dark robes he produced a sizable stack of credit chips.

"It offends me you had any doubts of my success," Chilani said.

"The only real doubt in my mind was that you'd be stupid enough to try to trick me," he said, "however, if I didn't check, people might start to think they could pull a fast one on me couldn't they."

"I suppose that's true," admitted Chilani, "pleasure doing business."

Chilani walked down the stairs to the ground level of the cantina already considering how to put her fee to good use. The sum was substantial, but hardly a fortune. It would more than tide her over until her next job though. As she was halfway to the door she was stopped by a hand on her shoulder. She turned.

"Hey there pretty lady," an Imperial officer said giving her a strong whiff of alcohol off his breath, "that outfit you got looks quite uncomfortable. Come on back to my place an we'll get you out of it."

"Not tonight pal," Chilani scoffed. As she turned to walk away however, two burly sergeants blocked her path.

"It's cute she thinks I'm asking isn't it boys," the officer laughed, coming up behind her and stroking her face with one hand and grabbing her ass with the other. In an instant, Chilani flipped the officer over her shoulder and into the first sergeant and delivered a kick to the face of the second. An instant later, she had two dozen rifles and blaster pistols trained on her by every soldier in the room.

"Shit," she muttered under her breath.

"You'll pay for that alien scum," the officer seethed, brushing himself off. The soldiers started to close in and Chilani looked desperately for an out.

"You!" yelled a voice from the door. A purple skinned twi'lek girl walked confidently over to her.

"Don't interfere if you know what's good for you," the officer warned.

"You don't interfere if you know what's good for you," the twi'lek retorted, "there's a price on this one from Moff Diersek himself. Alive and unharmed." She seized Chilani's wrists and pulled them behind her back. Chilani didn't resist, she could easily fight off this scrawny bounty hunter once they were alone, though why an Imperial Moff had put a bounty on her was a bit more concerning. The twi'lek began to hurriedly walk her toward the door. Before Chilani could spring into action when they exited, the twi'lek spoke to her in a hushed tone.

"We have to hurry, those grunts won't fall for that ruse for long." Chilani smiled, but her glee at her escape and amusement at this girl's trick was cut short by shouts from the cantina behind them.

"Get those two!" yelled the officer, who had apparently discovered the deceit. Chilani and the twi'lek girl began to run. Chilani broke to her left, but the twi'lek grabbed her shoulder, jerking her to the right down an alley. They took a turn and the twi'lek mounted what apparently was her speeder bike. They took off, leaving an angry mob of soldiers behind them.

"Thanks," shouted Chilani over the rush of the wind, "but why are you helping me?"

"I... talk later," the twi'lek began, but stopped short as two imperial security speeders began to pursue them.

"Get me to landing pad Y7," Chilani said. The twi'lek gunned the engine of the bike and raced toward Kaas City's spaceport. As they approached the pad where her ship was docked, however, Chilani was dismayed to see it in flames. The soldiers had sent word in advance to prevent their escape.

"Looks like you're coming with me," the twi'lek said. They took a sharp turn and sped off toward another pad. As they approached they saw security officers setting up a heavy repeater blaster to take down the twi'lek's ship. Chilani didn't wait for the speeder bike to touch down. She jumped from several meters up and rolled. Before the security officers could react she both her blaster pistols to bear and mowed them down. She and the twi'lek sprinted toward the ship's boarding ramp.

"I'll hold them while you prime her for flight," Chilani shouted, "make it quick." She could already see more troops pouring onto the pad. She opened fire, preventing them from setting up any weapons large enough to threaten the ship at least. That didn't stop the small arms fire, however, and she took a couple hits. Her armor held, but it hurt like hell. The ship began to lift off and Chilani backed up the ramp through the entrance. Before she could close the hatch, however, she took a hit straight to the torso that knocked her flat. She struggled to her knees and barely managed to hit the hatch seal command before she passed out onto the deck.

-------------------------

Chilani woke to something cold on her forehead. Her eyes flew open and, through her hazy vision, she could make out a purple figure who's hand was in her face. She took a swing, but instead of her fist lashing out to connect with her target, she felt a searing pain.

"Stay still sweetie," said a voice that sounded somewhat familiar, "you'll hurt yourself." Chilani's vision slowly came into focus and she saw a beautiful purple skinned twi'lek over her, pressing a cold wet rag to her forehead. Chilani tried to sit up, but the twi'lek put a hand on her good shoulder to stop her. She grabbed the twi'lek's wrist, ready to fight. The twi'lek gave her a look of exasperation.

"You're hurt," she scolded, "will you let me help you please?" Chilani lay back in resignation.

"Why did you help me?" She asked.

"You looked in over your head," the twi'lek said, "We girls gotta stick together. Besides, that cantina lowballed me on a shipment of Mantellian whiskey. It was nice to rub it in the Empire's face."

"Thank you," Chilani said, allowing herself to relax slightly.

"Not a problem," the twi'lek assured, " Oh! Name's Kyrra by the way. Kyrrash'areena."

"Tachi'lan'iro," Chilani replied, "but most people call me Chilani."

"Well that's an interesting way to shorten a name," Kyrra said interestedly.

"It's the norm for my people," Chilani explained. Kyrra shifted a bit uncomfortably.

"Speaking of," she said cautiously, "No offense, but what species are you? You're clearly not a Duros, but I've never seen any other species with the blue skin and red eyes."

"I'm Chiss," Chilani explained, "my home planet is near the edges of uncharted space and most of my kind don't venture coreward."

"Well I must say," Kyrra said, "you're certainly better looking than a Duros." Chilani laughed and felt the pain from the hit she'd taken to her abdomen.

"That's not much of a compliment considering the Duros," she said, "but I'll take it." She leaned forward slightly to peer past her breasts (which she noted were the only part of her upper body that was covered) to look at the huge black bruise that covered the upper portion of her left ribs.

"None of them broke, surprisingly," Kyrra assured her, "that's lucky."

"That's Chiss durasteel," Chilani replied referencing her armor. She contemplated her rescuer momentarily. "It's not often you see a twi'lek with your coloration."

"No," Kyrra agreed, "purple skin is rare mutation among my people. You can imagine how valuable that makes me to certain individuals." Chilani shuddered at the thought.

"Were you ever a..." she began.

"A slave?" Kyrra finished, "Yes. I don't really feel like talking about it." There was an awkward silence for a while.

"I've got Kolto patches on your arm," Kyrra said finally, "but we're going to stop on Kashyyyk and get you some Bacta treatment."

Kyrra left Chilani's side so she could make the various course alterations that would lead them to the Kashyyyk system. Chilani relaxed and tried to sleep as much as possible, wanting to heal as much as possible on the way to Kashyyyk as she could. The less time she was suspended, helpless, in a vat of blue gel the better.

-------------------------

Kyrra sat in the medical bay reading the latest article about newly discovered hyperspace routes on her datapad. She looked up at Chilani who floated, unconscious, in a bacta tank that dwarfed her. The med bay had been designed to accommodate wookies. Kyrra turned to look at the door as it whisked open and Doctor Tovian strolled through flanked by two wookie orderlies. The human doctor was quite handsome and Kyrra's lips curled into a grin as he approached her.

"Your friend's treatment is proceeding slightly ahead of schedule," he assured. At this rate I'd expect her to regain consciousness in the next few hours.

"She does seem to be a tough one doesn't she?" Kyrra beamed. She stood and strode closer to Tovian. "And what of our other business?" she asked in a slightly hushed tone.

"Some of my wookie friends are loading the Violet Fire with medical supplies as we speak," he replied. "I've made arrangements for you to clear Republic customs out of Kashyyyk, but when you get to Nar Shadda you'll be on your own."

"Don't worry about Nar Shadda," Kyrra assured, "I've got things covered there."

"Be sure you do," he warned, "If the Hutts catch you providing aid to the refugees without going through their tariffs there'll be hell to pay." Kyrra smiled at him.

"I'm a big girl," she assured him with a flirtatious smile, "This isn't my first time you know." She stepped closer to him and stared into his eyes.

"Why do I get the feeling we aren't talking about my relief shipment anymore?' he asked with a sly smile.

"I never said relief was off the table," Kyrra teased.

"Ellookka, Malbaawa, go see if the crew needs any help loading" Tovian ordered. When the door closed behind the two wookies, Kyrra stepped closer to him, pressing her breasts up against his chest and looking up at him with her best innocent eyes. Tovian put his hand on the back of her neck and pulled her in for a rough kiss. As she battled his lips and tongue with her own, Kyrra reached down to unbuckle Tovian's belt. Breaking the kiss she dropped to her knees and unfastened the doctor's trousers, freeing his cock. Without hesitating she took him into her mouth and let him slide down her throat until her lips touched the base of his cock. She then pulled her head back until the head of his cock left her mouth with a pop as it passed her lips. Kyrra took hold of him with one hand and licked the underside of his shaft from base to tip. She stood and kissed him once more before turning and leading him by the cock to the nearest examination table. The door closed behind them and Tovian all but tore her clothing off of her. He pushed her to her knees and began to slide his cock between her breasts. Kyrra licked the head of his cock with every up thrust until the doctor took her by the chin and the back of her head and pulled her mouth down onto him. 

Kyrra reached down and began to rub her clit gently as Tovian held her head in place and began to fuck her throat, his balls slapping the underside of her chin. She felt him tense and heard him moan and seconds later felt his hot seed coat her throat. When he stopped cumming, she stood and pushed him on his back on the examination table. Kyrra positioned herself over his face and he pressed his tongue into her dripping wet pussy. Before long she was grinding on his face as he tasted her wetness. At last she couldn't take it anymore and had to have him inside her. She repositioned herself over his cock and placed the head against her pussy lips. She lowered herself slowly and began to rock back and forth on him. Kyrra slammed herself down on the doctor as hard and as fast as her body would allow, drawing closer and closer to orgasm. Tovian finished a second time and the sensation of his cum filling her finally took her over the edge. She screamed in ecstasy as a mind shattering orgasm washed over her entire body. She collapsed forward., his cock still buried inside her and fought to catch her breath.

-------------------------

Chilani opened her eyes surrounded by a blue haze. As she came to her senses she found herself submerged in a dense liquid. Her heart raced in panic for a moment and she attempted to swim desperately upward until she realized she was in a bacta tank on Kashyyyk. An oxygen mask covered her mouth and nose allowing her to breathe safely. Chilani peered out of the tank to see that the room was empty, save for a basic model medical droid monitoring her progress. She noted that the pain in her abdomen had all but disappeared and she had full range of motion in the arm that had been injured. She looked up just in time to see a human doctor enter the medical bay, followed closely by Kyrra who was hastily refastening her clothing with a mischievous and satisfied smile on her face. The doctor approached the diagnostic panel on the front of the tank. With a smile, he pressed a button and the bacta began to drain. When all the fluid had been evacuated from the tank, the doctor opened the hatch and Kyrra helped Chilani climb out.

"How was the Doctor?" Chilani asked smugly, expecting to see Kyrra flush with embarrassment. To her surprise, the purple skinned twi'lek answered with an unashamed pride.

"Ah," she said with a grin, "he was fantastic. You should give him a go."

"I think I'll pass," Chilani said as Kyrra wrapped a towel around her.

"As soon as the good Doc clears you, we can get out of here," Kyrra said with a smile.

"We?' Chilani asked, surprised, "how long are you planning on keeping me around?"

"As long as you like," Kyrra offered, "I sometimes deal in shipments that are... less than official and the extra muscle wouldn't hurt."

"You mean you're a smuggler. Any bounties out on you?" Chilani teased.

"That's for me to know," Kyrra said, "and my skills could also be of use to you on your various jobs."

"I suppose you have something in mind," Chilani guessed.

"Ever been to Nar Shadda?"

"I always have a good time on Nar Shadda."

"Then let's go."