 Author's note: I received an e-mail requesting that I write a story about aliens taking over humans and creating insatiable sexual desires. The person requesting this story had read another story on Literotica entitled Hosts. He was disappointed that the author of Hosts did not write any more chapters after the first submission, which is why he asked me to write about this topic. This is the final chapter in this series.

INTRODUCTION

Four astronauts aboard the international space station are inhabited by alien hosts who use human sexual desires to re-populate their alien presence. The crew is returned to earth and after being briefed by the space agency they all return to their former lives. The alien's continue to use their human hosts to recruit other humans through the exploitation of sex. 

Chapter 01 -- The International Space Station

Chapter 02 -- Astronauts are debriefed and return to duty 

Chapter 03 -- Rachel returns to her family life

Chapter 04 -- Aaron meets his son's roommate

Chapter 05 -- Carl visits a gay bath house

Chapter 06 -- Sam resumes his private practice

Chapter 07 -- The alien population continues to grow using humans as hosts

CHAPTER 05 - CARL'S FIRST VISIT A GAY BATHHOUSE

Carl had never been to a gay bathhouse but he had heard about them and he knew what went on there. The alien in his body picked up on Carl's thoughts and directed Carl to go to the bathhouse. That Friday evening Carl made his first ever trip to the bathhouse and it was a night for all to remember. When Carl entered he paid a fee for a locker opting not to take a room. He stripped off his clothes and walked brazenly around the bathhouse without wrapping the towel around his waist. Carl looked better than he ever had in his life since the alien took over his body. He was lean and trim and his cock was longer and thicker than it ever had been.

Carl noticed that there were men all ages, sizes and shapes at the bathhouse and that many eyes were focused on him. Carl walked into an area where a large number on men milled around playing with each other's cocks and asses. Within seconds there was a hand on Carl's cock and minutes later his cock was in the mouth of a middle aged man. As Carl was sucked off a younger man fairly well endowed stepped up behind Carl and slipped his well oiled cock into Carl's ass. At that point the alien in Carl's body took over and minutes later Carl was cumming in one man's mouth while his ass was filled with another man's cum.

The alien entered the two bodies attached to Carl, one through the mouth and the other through the penis. The two men immediately felt the change in them as the alien took over two other hosts. Carl moved on and he spotted a very shapely ass on a young man who had a less than average size cock. Carl moved in close and slipped his cock into the shapely ass. The young man groaned as his rectum was stuffed with Carl's big stiff cock. Carl fucked the young man hard and fast and then ejaculated into the tight asshole. The young man felt the large load fill his rectum and he groaned loudly. Carl held the young man to him tightly as he ejaculated and allowed the alien to enter the young man's body.

The young man felt his body change as Carl held him tight and filled the young man with semen. The young man could not believe the change in his body as he muscled up and his cock grew in size. The young man watched in amazement as his cock stiffened into an erection that was at least 9" long and 5" around. He could not believe that it was his cock attached to his body. Carl then released the young man and moved on to find other prey. The young man looked at Carl and noticed that Carl's cock didn't go soft. The other two men that had sex with Carl also maintained erections as they moved about the bathhouse.

Carl walked into the sauna area and within minutes he had a cock in his mouth and one in his ass while his cock was sucked by another young man. As Carl was occupied in the sauna the other three alien controlled men had entered the orgy room with their 9" erections and they were immediately set upon by a group of men. Back in the sauna the alien was passed from Carl's body to three other men. The four of them sucked and fucked for several minutes before they all ejaculated. Then the three other men sensed the change in their bodies and watched in amazement as their cocks stayed hard and grew in size.

By now there were at least eight men walking around with 9" cocks and Carl's reputation had spread throughout the bathhouse. Everyone who had come in contact with Carl experienced a change in their body. They all became thinner, fitter and well endowed. As the night wore on more and more men were infiltrated by the alien and became a host for the visitor. That night no one left the bathhouse as everyone stayed until the sun rose. By the time morning arrived everyone in the bathhouse had been changed forever. Even the attendants had gotten in on the action and they too had engaged in sex and had been taken over by the alien.

The news spread quickly among the gay population and soon they were all flocking to the bathhouse. Within weeks every gay person in town had become fitter and well endowed. Sex at the bathhouse became rampart and its reputation spread quickly. Soon other gays from nearby towns came to spend a night in the bathhouse. The orgies became notorious as more and more gays participated in them. Then they would return home and populate their local areas with the aliens.

As the word got out several agencies including the space agency began to investigate the strange phenomena. The space agency quickly recognized that the four astronauts were heavily involved in the phenomena and that they might even be responsible for it. The agency then decided to keep a close watch on the former astronauts in their public life. They had already summoned Carl back to headquarters where they planned to run some tests.

CHAPTER 06 -- SAM RETURNS TO PRIVATE PRACTICE

While the space agency was working on Carl's tests they also kept a close watch on Rachel, Aaron and Sam. The agency knew that Sam had returned to private practice so they observed his patient population. Sam had opened his office in his home town and soon had patients coming to see him for routine medical care. Just the presence of so many naked bodies both men and women were fertile hunting ground for the alien.

Sam hired a young attractive girl as his receptionist and another young woman as his nurse. Sam's first mission before he began to see patients was to seduce the two women and pass the alien on to new hosts. The receptionist was a pretty blonde 19 year girl named Pam. She had a nice figure at 34-23-35. She was about 5'7" tall and weighed a fit 105 pounds. The nurse named Melanie was a little shorter than Pam at 5'5" and she weighed in at 100 pounds. Melanie had bleached blonde hair and she had a cute 33-22-33 figure.

Sam driven by the alien was immediately attracted to both women and he was anxious to fuck them both. Melanie who was a single mom and needed the job was the most vulnerable and she seemed willing to do what ever it took to keep her job. One evening during the week that they were moving into the office, Sam asked Melanie to stay late and help him with some things. Sam purposely had Melanie put his medical books away and when Melanie stood on the ladder to reach the top shelf, Sam made his move. He smiled as she leaned forward and her white skirt rode up to just below her ass cheeks displaying her beautiful legs encased in the white hose. Sam closed and locked the office door behind him. He walked over to the ladder and gripped it with both hands. 

"I'll just steady this for you so you don't lose your balance," Sam startled her. 

"Oh I didn't hear you come in, I'm okay you don't have to hold the ladder," Melanie embarrassingly replied. 

"No problem at all," Sam said. 

He looked up the ladder following Melanie's shapely legs up to her panties visible under her short nurse's skirt. Melanie knew that he could see up her skirt and there was nothing she could do about it. She placed the last of the books on the shelf and began her descent down the ladder. As she descended rung by rung, Sam fixed his eyes on the gap between her legs and her panty covered pussy. Melanie was beat red and she gasped out loud when she felt Sam's hands on her legs. 

"I'll just steady you as you come down," Sam said as his hands slid up her calves. 

Melanie was trembling and as she stepped down Sam's hands continued to slide up her legs. Sam's hands had moved over her calves to the back of her knees and then up to her thighs to her bare skin. One more step and Sam's hands moved under her skirt and covered her panty covered ass.

"Please don't" Melanie weakly protested. 

She felt Sam slide his hand over her pussy mound and she trembled slightly. She realized that her panties were getting wet just as she heard Sam speak. 

"Your panties are very wet we should probably take them off so they don't get stained," he offered.

Sam peeled her panties off her ass cheeks revealing her beautiful ass. He then pulled them from between her thighs where her legs were pressed together and down to her ankles. Sam had her lift up one foot at a time so that he could remove her panties from her ankles. He slid his hands back up to her ass and massaged it gently complimenting her on the beauty of her legs and ass. Sam slowly turned Melanie around on the ladder so that she faced him. He guided her down a few more rungs pushing her skirt up and exposing her blonde pussy. Sam tenderly stroked Melanie's cunt and slipped a finger into her hole. He tweaked her clit and Melanie grasped the ladder to stabilize herself. Her cunt was soaking wet and she knew that she should call a stop to this but she was afraid it might cost her to lose her job. Melanie decided to let Sam have his way with her. 

Sam pulled her hips forward and kissed her abdomen. Melanie shivered and trembled as she locked her arms behind the ladder to maintain her balance. Sam kissed all around her pussy before licking her clit and inserting a finger into her cunt. Melanie was going wild as she humped Sam's face with her cunt and he ate her to multiple orgasms. Sam had both hands on her ass as he ate her pussy. The last orgasm caused Melanie to let go of the ladder and she found herself being carried to her desk. Sam laid her on her desk with her legs splayed wide. 

Melanie watched as he unbuckled his pants and pushed his pants and underwear down to his knees. His huge cock jumped out and Melanie gasped in surprise of its size. Sam lined up his impressive tool with Melanie's quivering twat and eased it in. Sam took his time and kept feeding her more and more of his cock as he fucked her slowly.

Melanie was beside herself as she felt her cunt being methodically stretched to accommodate his length and girth. There was no pain but Melanie had never felt fuller in her life. Sam continued to fuck her slowly and soon had the entire 9" buried in her pussy. He made sure to keep his cock in constant contact with her clit and kept her in a constant state of arousal. Melanie was thrashing all over the desk having multiple orgasms. She felt Sam tense up and bury his cock to the hilt in her pussy. He then fired a barrage of cum into her hot pussy and she could feel warm jets of cum hitting the walls of her cunt. 

The surge of his hot seed caused her to have yet another orgasm. Sam continued to fuck her slowly as they both recovered from their intense orgasms. He slipped his cock from her and remarkably he was still erect. Melanie felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her opening and she could feel his cum trickle down between her thighs. Then she also felt a strange sensation run through her body. Melanie was unaware that the alien had entered her body but she knew something was different. She suddenly felt younger and fitter and her tits strained against her small bra.

Sam turned Melanie around so that she was facing down on the desk with her feet on the floor. He eased his still erect cock back into her pussy and fucked her with long deep strokes. Sam pulled her blouse up and unsnapped her bra allowing her tits to spill out into his hands. He gently squeezed her now firm tits and played with her eraser sized hard nipples. 

"You have the neatest, hardest little nubs," he said as he rolled her nipples in his fingers. 

Melanie was getting turned on again as he fucked her and played with her. She was startled and her body went stiff when he inserted a well lubed finger in her asshole. Melanie thought to protest but thought better of it and after all it was just a finger. Sam's hands left her tits and he continued to finger fuck her ass as he fucked her pussy. With his other hand he began to tease her clit and soon had her on the verge of another orgasm. Melanie grunted and groaned as Sam fucked her with his big dick, tweaked her clit and reamed her asshole with his finger. She started bucking out of control while having her most intense orgasm ever. 

Sam took advantage of her orgasmic state and slipped his cock out of her cunt and re-positioned it in her ass. Melanie's thrusting and Sam's continued pressure allowed Sam's cock to enter her asshole. By the time Melanie realized what had happened, Sam had buried the entire 9" in her ass. Melanie was now impaled on his cock and for the first time in her life she was being fucked in the ass. She couldn't understand why she was receptive to such a taboo act but now that she was a host for the alien she had no control of her actions.

Melanie just felt full now as any initial pain had subsided. She tried to relax and let him has his way with her. Sam continued to diddle her clit with one hand and tweak her tit nipples with the other as he corn holed her gorgeous ass. Sam loved watching his huge meat slide in and out of her bung hole. He felt another orgasm on the way and buried his cock to the hilt. Melanie could feel his hot cum filling her anal canal to overflowing.

As Sam finished shooting his wad he let his softening cock slip out of her asshole. It left her ass with an audible pop and Melanie could feel the cool air enter her channel. She could also feel his cum leaving her asshole and trickling over her cunt lips. She had collapsed on the desk in front of her and was breathing deeply as Sam massaged her ass cheeks as he took in her beauty. Melanie's ass was still clenching as she worked her anal muscles involuntarily and subconsciously ejected his cum from her asshole. 

Melanie then suddenly wanted to be naked so she stripped off her nurse's uniform and stood naked in the office. Sam then stripped off all of his clothes and as he did Melanie checked out her body in the mirror. She liked what she saw although she did not know how or why her body had changed. Then she spread out over the desk again and beckoned Sam to her.

"Fuck me again," she pleaded this time.

"My pleasure," Sam said as he moved between her legs and slipped his still hard cock into her pussy.

PAM IS NEXT

Sam and Melanie fucked for hours that first time and since then Melanie seemed to be horny all the time. They would fuck each day after work and pleasure each other. Still, Sam was driven to seduce Pam and fuck the teenage receptionist. One day Sam invited Pam to dinner where he made sure that she had plenty of wine. After dinner Sam brought Pam back to his house to seduce her. Once in his home Sam led a tipsy Pam into his bedroom.

Sam led her over to the bed and hiked her dress up around her waist. He maneuvered her onto the bed and whispered in her ear that he was going to play with her ass. He then removed Pam's panties pulling them off her buttocks slowly as if he were unveiling an art masterpiece. He placed a pillow in front of Pam so that she could place her head on it and as she did she pushed her ass up and arched her back. The giddy Pam was now eager to be pleasured.

Before Sam began the seduction he stood behind Pam and took in her marvelous ass, so round, so shapely and so beautiful. Then as Sam knelt on the bed he noticed Pam's face aglow and her eyes wide in anticipation. Sam then began to explore her ass as he began to caress it, massage it and rub her cheeks. He pulled her cheeks apart slightly and revealed her sweet tight aperture. Then he ran a finger over her sensitive little bud and watched it quiver when he touched it. Sam then lowered his head and planted soft tender kisses all over her buttocks. Pam cooed aloud when she felt his lips on her backside.

Sam placed both hands on her ass and began to massage her buttocks again. Pam felt the tender but firm deep massage of his fingertips. Sam would push her ass cheeks together and then pull them apart to expose her sweet asshole each time. When he exposed her anus, Pam could feel the cool air on her rosebud. Sam again lowered his mouth to one of her buttocks and pressed his lips against it. Then he blew a steady breath onto Pam's anus and watched as goose bumps covered her skin. He took his time planting well placed kisses on her buttocks and then began a slow torturous journey toward the crack of her ass. Pam smelt so nice and so fresh. Sam's lips then came into contact with the crack in her ass and trailed a line of kisses down to her anus. Pam's body tensed as she was nervous, anxious and excited all at the same time.

Sam gently pried her cheeks apart wider exposing her nether hole even more. Then he lowered his lips to her anus and gently kissed it and caressed it with his lips. He repeated this act several times and Pam moaned aloud as her ass was pampered for the first time. Sam then moved lower and kissed the sensitive spot between her asshole and her pussy and Pam groaned again. He then extended his tongue and lightly licked the sensitive area as he continued the journey toward her pussy. Pam flinched at the first contact with her pussy as she was unprepared for that. Sam then began to lick a line from her pussy back to her asshole and then he flicked his tongue across her nether hole. Pam's body gave in to the incredible erotic sensations and craved more attention. 

Sam took his time and spent many minutes repeating the actions that seemed to turn Pam on. His hands continued to massage her fabulous globes while his lips and tongue explored her asshole. Pam realized how much she like to be kissed, licked and gently nibbled. Her body would twitch and flinch at the long strokes from his tongue and her buttocks would tighten when his tongue probed her anus.

Pam lay on the bed and she could feel her heart racing and her chest pounding. Sam then leaned over and whispered to her again and told her how beautiful she looked with her ass pushed up high in the air. Then he began to explore her with his fingers. He placed his index finger on her tailbone and slid it down ever so slowly toward her puckered asshole. He probed gently with the tip of his finger and it fit perfectly in the entrance of her tight hole.

Pam tensed up at first and tightened her ass but then she relaxed when she realized that he was going to be gentle. Sam pressed his finger in gently applying a little pressure as his finger entered the outer edge of her anus entering it just ever so slightly. Then he probed a little deeper and wiggled inside Pam's ass. He then removed his finger and Pam felt its absence. Then she felt a cool substance on her anus and she realized that Sam had applied some sort of lubricant to her ass. 

Pam felt Sam kiss her ass cheeks again and then his finger returned to her asshole and spread the lubricant around the entrance. Pam felt her asshole pucker up as it received the tip of Sam's finger and she wondered how it would feel when he finally put it in her. Her body ached with desire and she realized that she wanted more. She wanted to be touched, penetrated, and filled up and to be explored in her forbidden area. Sam's finger slid in deeper and Pam instinctively clamped her asshole around his finger. Sam held still in her and waited for her to relax before probing deeper. 
