 The rosy light of dusk shone through the pillars of the deserted temple of Hermes. I lay on a cushion and loosened the neckline of my dress until it exposed my breasts. The pallor of the marble pillars nearly matched my skin, and my nipples blushed like the clouds. I ran a slim finger from my underbust upwards and felt a perfectly smooth, soft line. I was certain yesterday that today I'd be dead, killed by a monster that even gods feared. Today, I was not only alive, but in a new body.

I smiled to myself, remembering an imitator I'd once seen do a pathetic impression of a woman by stuffing pillows down his shirt and gawking at them and caressing them. I'd asked him, snidely, how long the character he was portraying had been a woman. He said that she was an old matron, who had once been a young maid, and before that, a little girl, of course. At that I laughed - the way he was carrying on, you would have thought she'd acquired her breasts yesterday, overnight. I wondered how soon the novelty would wear off for me.

I lifted the finger that I was lazily trailing around my nipple. I wanted to drive myself to distraction, throw myself into the pleasures of my new life. Maybe then I could forget about the one I left behind. As a mortal man, I had married and fathered children. My wife and I had met as near-equals and charmed each other with our music. Sometimes we would spar, not with our bodies, but with sweet sounds and eloquent words. We would answer each other in song until one of us ensnared the others' mind. It didn't matter who won out. When we made love, my pleasure would reverberate in her mind, and hers in mine, until we were lost in bliss with each other.

The years we were together, the threat of the monster loomed like a shadow in the distance. I knew that if it managed to overthrow the gods, it would be the end of me, and all the comforts I had ever known. In this knowledge, I put aside my security and risked my life several times in my pressing need to research the monster. 

Each time I left the comforts of my wife's arms, I came back with knowledge and experience of things that she would never have even dreamed of, left to her own devices. Little by little, I became accustomed to her songs, while mine were always new to her. Instead of singing in return, my wife would sit motionless as a doll, entranced by my voice. It was a different kind of pleasure, to drink in her helpless form with my eyes until I was drunk on her beauty and my power over her. I would whisper my wishes in her ears, and she'd wake up thinking they were her own desires. In return, I would make sure to tell her of the most beautiful things I'd seen, leaving her happily dreaming of a world full of wonder.

When the road became rough on my journeys, I was consoled by the knowledge that a gorgeous woman waited for me at home. But the more powerful I became, the more I could see the fragility of my wife's mind. With her, the bulk of my power had to be held back, but an adventurer's heart longs for a test of skill. I should have seen earlier that my wife and I were drifting apart mentally as well as physically. It was only a matter of time before the differences between us became too great. At that point, I would leave and not return.

The last time I'd left, it was because I knew the monster was on the move. I saw it shrug off the attacks of each of the gods as if they were the scratches of particularly annoying cats. Their attacks rebuffed, the gods fled. Finally, Zeus alone remained, standing against the monster not with his fellow gods at his side, but with the most powerful of their mortal champions. I was one of them. Standing beside the monster like an ant beside a man, I threw my most powerful enchantment at it, knowing that I could buy Zeus some time while its mind was confused. Upon Zeus's victory, I was richly rewarded - where once I had the body of a mortal hero, now I had the body of a goddess. 

The point of no return had come - I was no longer the man my wife loved. I was a goddess, waiting in the temple of the god I had once served to show him my new form. Over the years, my services and donations to his temple had granted me his blessings. I hoped that with a bit of seduction, I could coax Hermes to grant me any wish as a reward for being his champion.

He entered swiftly; I didn't notice him until he was standing near me, a quizzical look on his boyish face. His muscles fit together like pieces of a puzzle, each one exactly right to create the picture of lithe gracefulness. I knew the part a clever woman must play with such a man. Like honey that lures and soothes a powerful beast, I would let him come to me and take what he wants, knowing that his desire for me would give me the upper hand.

"This isn't where you expected to see me next, my lord."

I moved the cloth of my garment just slightly, not quite enough to fully cover my breasts again. I rose to stand respectfully at attention, lifted my chest delicately, and extended my spine to show off the curve of my low back. Demurely, I cast my eyes toward the ground.

"Definitely not," Hermes said "I'm glad I'm seeing you here instead."

I looked up through my lashes to see his eyes trailing over my body, then quickly looked back down.

"I have a request to make of you, my lord," I said, not moving from my position.

"You may make your request, and I'll consider it," Hermes said.

I fell to my knees, letting the smooth curve of my bottom rest on my heels.

"Great one with the power to grant any favor, please promise me any one wish that I ask."

"You're brave as always," said Hermes, "but a request like that carries too much risk."

"Perhaps I could stay the night in the temple and think it over," I said, slowly arching my back upward to look at him with pleading eyes.

Hermes stepped forward until he loomed over my kneeling body. He brushed the hem of his tunic so that I caught a glimpse of his cock.

"You look like you're thinking of using that silver tongue of yours for something else," he said. 

Silver tongue...my mind fixated on those two words. I doubted that my mouth around his cock would be enough to persuade a god to change his mind. Still, my silver tongue had always been my greatest advantage. I might be able to lull him into a trance and open his mind to my suggestions. I touched my hand to his foot and let out an audible sigh.

"You like that?"

"Yes, my lord" I said, slowly running my hand up his leg "Your skin is silk to my fingers, covering muscles hard as bronze."

I placed a barely noticeable emphasis on the word hard. As I slowly trailed my hand up his leg to his cock, I continued to chant his praises. My hands worked skillfully on the tight sinews as my words worked likewise on his mind. My eyes wandered over his body, looking for signs that his guard was dropping. Slowly, I saw my god's shoulders begin to slump and his gaze fixate on me as if nothing else existed.

I moved my hand to his cock and looked into his eyes, hoping to discern the perfect moment to give my suggestion. His eyes were as blue as the sky, and I felt like I was floating into them. The enchantments I had cast on Hermes turned back on me full force before I had time to react. My words deserted me. In their place, Hermes filled my mouth with his cock. I gagged at the powerful thrust. As he pulled back, I felt the heat of his cock on my lips. My tongue lapped thirstily at him as he moved in and out of my face.

"Still such hubris," Hermes said, "To think you could deny me, ensorcell me, and receive a reward from it. You know you deserve to be punished. You actually want me to hurt you, don't you?"

I felt his words enter my mind, looking for a place to take hold. I had never been a masochist, and I feared the damage a god could do. I pictured my new, pristine body permanently disfigured. The thought allowed me to push his words out of my mind. I tried to form the word "no" around his cock it came out a small moan.

"If you don't want punishment, you'd better make a better offer."

The last word he'd said echoed in my mind and an idea suddenly occurred to me. I ran my tongue up from the base of his shaft to the tip as I pulled my head back.

"Perhaps my virginity would be an appropriate offering to the god." I slunk toward the altar on my hands and knees. My swaying hips were visible beneath my gown.

"I would accept that," he said.

Swift as the blink of an eye, he moved next to the altar. I began to stand.

"No," he growled, and I sank to my hands and knees again. Swaying like a snake winding through the grass, I crawled toward the altar and slipped out of my dress.

"Lay the sacrifice on the altar."

I rose delicately. The altar was large enough to accommodate my head and torso, but my legs hung off. I lay on the altar and spread my legs, revealing my new vulva. No sooner had I laid down on it, then the hands of the god were on my breasts. I arched my back to press them into his hands. Compared to the power and nimbleness of his fingers, the feeling of my own hands seemed a feeble imitation of pleasure. He removed his hands just as suddenly and moved them to my vulva. It ached with emptiness as he trailed a finger along the lips. Moisture clung to the finger as he removed it.

"Get used to this. You have a hole now, and it's going to yearn to be filled. This is your act of submission to me, and you can't help wanting it. But to ensure this offering is for my benefit and not yours, you're not going to be able to come until I tell you to."

The words sank in, so frustrating yet so reasonable. My hips writhed as if trying to move closer to the cock that they needed. He poised it at my entrance, then pulled back. I groaned in frustration, which turned to bliss when he thrust into me. The sensation of being filled was new, strange, and amazing. My hips continued to move greedily toward the source of it. I squeezed the muscles of my hole together, hoping to create more friction.

My hand moved to my clitoris. I watched Hermes's face in anticipation; would he allow it? His answer was a wry smile. I began to stroke, but it was to no avail. It was as if his words had entered me like his cock, and blocked me from making myself come. For far too long, he kept me suspended, the ecstasy of being on the edge mingling with the agony of not being able to push myself over. Finally the god's hips gave one last hard thrust toward mine. He buried himself deep inside me and brought his hands to my hips, locking us together.

"Come," he commanded.

The feeling of his quivering fingers on my hips became more intense. I felt the tingling in them as if they were my own. The feeling of his cock pulsing inside me and the feeling of my hole squeezing around it merged into an ecstatic harmony. Our minds locked together as our bodies had. All of me was filled with him. I was lost in sensation like a ship adrift at sea. The heat of his cock was my only anchor as I rode on wave after wave of pleasure.

Finally, awareness returned. I saw Hermes gasping for breath. I felt a swell of pride that he seemed as affected by me as I was by him. He met my eyes again. This time there was no spell between us, just simple understanding. I sat up, and felt his cum mingling with my blood on the altar. An offering had been made.

"I much enjoyed the contest of wills," said Hermes. "You've earned your wish, on the condition that you tell me what you want before I decide whether or not to grant it."

"But you refused, and I lost." I said.

"I had my eye on you when you were little more than an average mortal. I watched you grow from a promising young trickster to a powerful enchanter, to a muse to men and gods. I refused you your wish because I wanted you to fight for it, so that you could continue to grow. I'll consider it a mark of piety that you didn't try to beguile me until I gave you a hint."

I thought back to the way his words had taken hold of my mind, even when I thought I was going against his will. What I had thought were my ideas must have been his the whole time.

"Like a soldier sparring with his trainer. The trainer holds back to let the soldier learn."

"Yes. I know your strengths and weaknesses. I gave suggestions you would otherwise find unreasonable to test the strength of your will. I let you feel how powerful your charms were when I turned them back on you. You performed excellently. What do you ask as a reward?"

I could wish to know more spells, to be irresistible, to be stronger, but I knew that wishes like these were liable to go wrong. Besides, I knew that before anything else, my role as a goddess was to inspire mortals to grow, and to find new potential in their minds. There was one mortal I had always had the chance to do that with, but never acted on that chance. That mortal was probably on her way home now, where she would be told that her husband was dead.

"I wish for a magical disguise," I said, "one that looks exactly like my old form, so I can see my family again."

My night in the temple passed slowly. I learned that as an immortal, sleep was not strictly a necessity for me, nor would it come unbidden. The next day, in the guise of the mortal man I once was, I made my way back to my wife. I didn't know how long I would have with her, but I knew that I would spend our time together helping her realize her potential, as Hermes had always helped me.