 "Please place your selection on the screen below." The recorded voice was feminine, and sounded a touch mechanical as it emanated from the audio box in the booth. Niki sighed and wondered if this was such a good idea, but now that she was already here it seemed silly to leave without at least giving it a try.

Supposedly, this place was the newest fad in the age of sexual freedom. No commitment, no biological risk factors, and able to play out almost any fantasy. Glancing behind her, Niki wondered what it would feel like to slide her body into the gel contained in the small pool that took up most of the room in her booth. But before she could do that, she had to pick out what fantasy it would act out for her. Did she want sex with a hot celebrity? A robot or alien? Gang bang? Orgy? Some of the 'popular selections' scrolled across her screen in an effort to tantalize her into make a choice. Well, this was a place for fantasies, and she'd always wanted to try something a little...over the top.

Niki finished keying in her performance selection and moved on to the characters. That was much simpler, and she ended up just using the pre-made ones since her fantasy wasn't about anyone in particular. Plus, some of those guys were downright hot. She was anticipating this now, wondering if it would live up to the hype and really 'feel like the real thing -- or better!' as they advertised.

The screen asked for a confirmation, which she gave, and then it prompted her to follow the instructions displayed by the pool for how to enter the gel. First, she put on the slightly archaic looking helmet. It covered her nose and the back of her head completely and was totally dark inside until she clipped the last buckle. The final instructions played across the screen in the helmet as it displayed a digital view of the room she was still standing in. Visually, Niki was impressed. If she didn't feel the weight of the helmet on her shoulders, she wouldn't know that she was looking at a display. "Man they've really improved these things." Following the instructions, she removed the robe that was serving as her only piece of clothing, and inserted herself into the gel, helmet and all.

The words, 'Thank you' appeared across her screen in a reassuring manner.

Another recording sounded in her helmet. "Your selection will begin momentarily. This session has been pre-paid for one hour. Thank you for choosing Holo-Gel for your sexcapades."

It went dark for a second, and then Niki gasped as she was greeted by an entirely real looking den, with a crackling fireplace and a bear-rug carpet. She looked down at herself and saw her own body (as she'd selected) dressed in what could only be described as very immodest underwear. The nipples of her B-cups were clearly visible through the thin, red fabric, as were the folds of her genitals. A light drape made from the same material was wrapped over her shoulders, but the temperature was perfectly comfortable for wearing even less. "Which should be sometime soon," Niki thought to herself as she started a tour of the room.

She glanced over the shelves near the fireplace, curious as to what was on them. The room wasn't really decorated, besides the two key features she'd dismissed for the moment. And although she knew she was actually lying in that pool of gel in a slightly reclining position, the holo-view simulated her ability to walk very well. In a few strides, she was next to the shelves. Her eyes widened slightly as she took in the array of sex toys displayed across them. They ranged from several size dildos, to anal beads, a couple vibrators, and some more exotic items.

"Would you be more comfortable starting with one of those? I wouldn't mind watching."

Startled, Niki turned towards the source of the smooth, masculine voice and found one of the model's she'd viewed on the selection screen standing before her. He was naked, his bronze skin almost glowing faintly in the flicker of the firelight. "I..." she started, her eyes wandering over his body until she was staring at his cock. "..oh my..." The model smirked at her, and suddenly stepped closer. He reached out and wrapped one sculpted arm around her waist, forcing their bodies to come in contact. Niki gasped and tried to pull away, but he held her firmly in place. His other hand reached up to stroke her shoulder, as he leaned in and began lightly kissing her neck.

No longer resisting, Niki gave herself to the virtual experience. She let go of the knowledge that this wasn't really happening and submerged herself in the fantasy, letting it become as real as the designers had made it.

The model moved his lips to her mouth, and she tasted a husky scent as his tongue swept across her lips. Parting her lips slightly, she teased his tongue with hers and soon they were in a full kiss of pent up passion. He hadn't even touched any of her sensitive areas yet and already she was yearning for him. They had slowly migrated to the rug, and Niki found that it was just as soft as she'd imagined as he eased her down onto it. It enveloped them both in a sensual cocoon as she felt his hands begin to wander over her body. He touched everything lightly, passing over her breasts and down her stomach and across her thighs. Nothing lingered and she was starting to get impatient.

As though he could read her thoughts, she suddenly felt her breasts being released from their meager confines. While he pulled the straps away and tossed the bra into the distance, Niki looked over his body once more. Now his manhood was fully aroused, and she gaped at the size of it. "I had no idea..." she breathed, breathless from their kissing.

"Whatever you want, all you have to do is ask." His eyes sparked at her, and she knew he wasn't lying.

"Take off my panties and lick my pussy." She couldn't believe she was actually saying that, but she was so turned on right now it was easy to let go of all her prohibitions.

He smirked at her again. "With pleasure." After was seemed like an eternity while he ran his hands up from her ankles to the top of the thin red fabric, and an almost slower decent and he slid them down her legs, she was as naked as him. He kissed one thigh, then the other as he nestled himself between her legs and she relaxed herself back into the rug. Finally, he positioned his face over her feminine mound and tantalized her with a single flick of his tongue.

It was incredible. She wanted this so badly, and he was so good. His tongue ran along her labia, never going inside, but teasing just so. Then he began flicking his tongue on her clit. Slowly, gently he started, increasing his pace at a frustratingly slow rate. But finally, he hit her stride. It was only a matter of time before...

"Don't stop! I'm going to cum!" Keeping his pace even now, he rode it out with her. A few moments more was all it took, and she felt her orgasm shudder through her body. "Ohhh that was so good." But she didn't have any more breath to spare as she realized he hadn't stopped eating her pussy. Her mouth opened slightly as the sensations continued and brought her to the edge of another climax. "Again, mmmm, yes again..."

As she was about to cum a second time, he parted the lips of her vagina with his fingers. She felt him push one, no two fingers into her, timing his in-out thrusts with the massaging of his tongue. "Oh!" Her body shuddered, and she felt her pussy clamp around his fingers as she came. Again, he didn't stop, and rode out her climax for an indeterminable amount of time.

Finally it subsided, and he withdrew. "Would you like a moment?" he asked.

"Mmm, no, I just want more," Niki replied, still trembling slightly from the back to back orgasms.

"I think I'll join you this time." He ran his hands up the length of her body as he slid himself over her. When he was even with her breasts, he kissed the right nipple, then the left, and sucked on it slightly. She moaned in anticipation, and looked down as he positioned himself over her. His cock, easily the largest she'd seen, was positioned directly over her entrance.

Niki swished her hips back and forth in anticipation. She was wetter than she ever remembered from his earlier ministrations, and she wanted that hard, big cock to fill the empty void between her legs. She felt him ease down slowly, and as the tip of his penis came in contact with her, she thrust her hips up at him to give him easier entrance. Waiting, she looked up at his face to see why he hadn't entered her yet, but as they locked eyes she didn't have to wait any longer. In one smooth motion, his cock plunged into her, filling her in a way no other man had. She lost coherent thought as he began thrusting in and out, seeming to hit all her most sensitive spots all at once. Again, she felt another orgasm build, but he slowed down before she reached the point of no return. Disappointed, she thrust herself into him to encourage him to finish, but at that moment she heard another voice.

"I hope you don't mind us joining you."

Startled, Niki dropped back flat onto the rug and twisted her head to look up over her shoulder. She saw a man and a woman standing a few feet away, playing with each other as they watched the events on the rug. Both were intensely attractive, and Niki found herself enjoying the idea that her fun was turning them on. "I don't mind at all..."

At that moment, her partner began thrusting again in earnest. She turned her attention back to him, but found herself suddenly shy in front of their company. The orgasm that had been so close a moment ago retreated into the distance, and she wondered if this was such a good idea.

"Let us help." She turned and saw the woman kneeling next to her. "It sometimes takes a woman's touch to really bring out the heights of a good climax." Before Niki could object, the woman was tracing a hand down her stomach and between her legs, just above where her partner continued his re-energized motions. Niki gasped as those delicate fingers came in contact with her clit, and she felt her orgasm returning as the woman massaged her most sensitive part. "Oh wow," she gasped, ignoring the thought that this was too naughty to enjoy. Another minute, and her body was wracked by the most intense orgasm yet. Her partner apparently climaxed at the same time, as he grunted into her and she felt his cock pulse as his hot load exploded deep in her pussy, sending new sensations of pleasure through her.

He pulled out, panting from his efforts. But the woman continued lightly rubbing her clit, and Niki was finding herself getting more turned on and less satisfied. "Go ahead and take her, she's still aching for a man between her legs," the woman instructed her companion.

"As you wish," came the reply as the second man kneeled down by her feet.

"Wait, please," Niki pleaded. She didn't know what was going on with this couple, but it felt wrong to want this man. "I don't know if this -"

"Don't be silly," said the woman, "Enjoy him. He's very good."

"But -"

"Take her from the back if she's going to protest so much."

"What?!" Niki was startled as she found herself man-handled by the new man and her original partner into a position on her hands and knees. She momentarily tried to crawl away, but the three held her in place. "No, please..."

Whack! She felt a slight stinging across her ass cheeks as they were slapped by one of the people. "Be a good girl, you'll enjoy this." Niki felt a hard cock line up with her pussy once again and struggled to move herself away. But her ass was pointed up into the air, and her arms were being held down on the rug. There was nothing she could do as the second man entered her, in a very hard thrust, and taking advantage of her prostrate position.

"Please," Niki tried, but was greeted only by laughter. Where her original partner had been slow and steady, this man was hard and fast. He took her aggressively, shoving himself inside her with as much force as he could muster. His hands held her hips and drew her back to meet each thrust, and she felt her ass being pounded against his hips as he took her.

Despite her protests, Niki found herself enjoying it. She was feeling slightly used, but it was getting her off to know that this man desired her enough to almost force her into fucking him. 'It must take a lot to get him off', she thought to herself, as he showed no inclination to let up. Niki felt fingers on her clit again, and cried out into the fur of the rug as she felt an orgasm explode out of her. Still, the man did not slow down, and she gasped as her orgasm rode out over several minutes.

The fingers from her clit disappeared and she found herself looking around to find out what happened to her other partner and the woman. Her eyes were greeted by the sight of him eating out the other woman's pussy as he thrust the largest of the dildos on the shelves in and out of her. Imagining what that must feel like, Niki watched as the woman's eyes closed and a wordless "Oh!" sounded from her lips. Suddenly, the woman panted, "Harder, harder, oh, yes, like that! Oh!" Her orgasm must have been intense, since it caused her body to spasm and her back to arch against the floor. Niki couldn't help but be incredibly turned on and her body responded.

"Don't get too comfortable, I'm not done with you yet," the man behind her said and, impossible as it seemed, his thrusts got rougher. Niki was feeling very used but very turned on as she climaxed around him, her pussy clenching and unclenched repeatedly as the pleasure rolled over her in waves. But he still wasn't done.

"Let me have that dildo," he said to the other pair, who were now in a mirror position of Niki and her unexpected partner. The other woman tossed it to him and Niki found herself wondering what he was planning to do with it.

In answer, he said, "I'm going to stick this in your pussy and fuck you with it until you fall over. Then, when you don't think you can come any more, I'm going to shove my cock in your ass-hole and get my friend there to stick his down your throat. While we do that, Ally will keep fucking you with this dildo. Your cum is going to flow down your legs, and onto my cock, and you're going to love how we filled up all your holes. And finally, when me and him are completely satisfied, we're going to let Ally eat you out. She loves eating pussies filled with cum, and you're going to be drenched."

Gasping, Niki wondered what she got herself into, but at that moment the images froze, flickered, and disappeared. She wondered what was going on as she felt the helmet's auto release break its seal around her head. The lights in the booth were still dimmed to the same level they had been when she entered the pool, and she blinked in confusion. Then, she saw the blinking display across the room.

"Session complete. Have a wonderful and satisfying day!"