 Beth stared at Harley in the sterile gleaming white cabinet across the isle. It was identical to the one she would soon enter, standing beside her. Harley was already sealed inside his and the helmet was strapped on his head. With the face screen pulled down the only thing human that could be seen was his hands. Then the attendants pulled the gloves onto his hands and adjusted them. The gloves had thick cables protruding from the cuffs that disappeared into the cabinet. Almost every square inch of Harley's body was hidden from view now by the electronic sensory feedback devices. After a few moments the two attendants turned toward her.

This was the part of the preparations she hated. Exposing any part of her body to strangers didn't bother her, after all the current fashions exposed one breast and often part of the public area. That was why her public hair was shaved to form a perfect black arrow head pointing to the dark crevasse that split the pink mound between her legs. Never though, were all three of the sexual parts exposed at the same time. It was considered very distasteful, even obscene to most people. Just having both breasts bared at the same time was at the very least, embarrassing. 

Beth begin to feel much more at ease after the attendant fitted the first breast sensory feedback cup over her right breast. After the breast was completely sucked into the sensory cup, he fitted the other one. The sensory feedback cups would have looked like some kind of weird futuristic bra if it hadn't been for the thick cables sprouting from the nipple areas. . The warm soft plastic cups felt almost alive as they gently formed around her breasts, covering them like another skin, seeming to become a part of her. Even the thousands of tiny gold electronic contacts surrounding the nipple area didn't even spoil the sensation.

After the breast cups had completely formed themselves to her breasts she lay back on the bench and spread her legs to give the technician unobstructed access. She sucked in a deep breath and flinched somewhat when the clitoral sensory feedback cup was placed over her clitoris. 

Enjoy it rich bitch. Sammy, the younger attendant, smiled at the thought. He had selected the smaller size on purpose. The sensations were close to pain as the small cup sucked her clitoris out of it's hiding place and swallowed it deep inside as it formed around the totally exposed organ. Like with the breast cups the thousands of tiny gold electronic contacts weren't even noticeable. Even the cable hanging from the cup was unnoticeable

She tried to ignore the sensations as the technician inserted as a well lubricated gloved finger deep inside her to coat the insides. Then the cigar sized vaginal probe, covered with tiny gold electronic contacts slipped in without discomfort. His finger held the probe all the way in while it expanded. 

His closeness and his gloved finger pushing inside her as the probe expanded sent small shivers of excitement through her body. In other circumstances it could have been a very erotic sensation, but after all, he was just a paid attendant. 

The erotic feeling didn't completely leave as the invading finger was forced back out by the expanding probe. When every square centimeter of the inner vaginal lining was stretched tight enough to make the vaginal probe virtually impossible to remove, the expansion stopped leaving the attached cable hanging down from the almost obscenely stretched entrance between her legs.

The last thing to be attached directly to her body was the vulva pad, The cables from the vaginal probe and the clitoral cup were threaded through the two small holes in the pad and it was fitted into the vulva from the hairy black arrowhead to the anal opening. It seemed to bond to the supersensitive skin as the gold contacts found the nerve endings 

At last she was ready for the cabinet itself, The young attendant gathered up the cables from the sensory cups and probes and walked with her to the cabinet. Actually, maybe she hated this part the worst. She gritted her teeth as she eased her body down until she felt the greased sensory feedback anal probe slip between her lower cheeks. She moved slightly to the left and the probe slipped inside as she sat all the way down on the form fitting seat.

Sammy plugged in the sensor cables and wrapped a thick towel around her neck he guided her hands through the holes in the cabinet as he pushed the door shut. She felt a moment of panic when the cabinet clicked and she realized that her whole body was at the mercy of a machine while her hands and head were held immovable on the outside. The feeling of panic left as the form-fit lining expanded and snuggled tight against her naked body.

As soon as the cabinet lining had totally formed itself to her body a high pitched beep sounded and the technicians pulled the sensory gloves on her hands. Then he looked up with a smile and begin the final instructions. "Now, after I strap the helmet on, I'm going to run a few tests, then we'll go ahead with the reversal tape. Do you have any second thoughts?"

"Of course not, after all I'm not some damn little virgin school girl. Get on with it." She snapped. Then she bit her lip to subdue a groan as his finger appeared to accidentally brush a key on the keyboard and she felt what seemed to be a fence post push into her butt for a tiny moment. 

"OK," he said with just the hint of a smirk after he saw her flinch, "as I said, I'm going to run the test program to assure that everything is operating correctly." Sammy instructed. He adjusted the helmet over her head so the visuals were lined up with her eyes and pulled the face shield down over the lower part of her face.

"Go ahead if your are finished, I'm ready. Sorry, if I sounded cranky a while ago," she answered, wanting desperately to slap his smirking mouth, but knowing she would continued to loose in a sniping match with the man who held the controls. Instead she added, "I think I'm just nervous, I've never tried a reversal before."

"No problem, I understand completely." He said with an even bigger grin. "Now, you'll feel a series of sensations and I will have to ask what you are feeling. Please answer as specifically as you can, Here's the first one. Tell me which body areas are effected as the sensations change."

The fraction of a second of orgasm was so intense that more would have been painful, as each nerve in her clitoris was individually stimulated to the limit where any more would have caused a loss of sensation. "Something tickled my clit." She said.

"Now?'

"The left nipple that time." She volunteered as she felt a pair of hot lips suck it in and an even hotter tongue caress it lovingly. 

"Now?" He ask again.

"The right nipple now." She said in a milder voice as the lips sucked it in. Then the nipple slipped out as the mouth began to nibble it's way down to the soft skin under her full breast.

"It's going lower." She said in a breathless voice, as the sensations continued downward until someone was gently chewing and sucking her inner thighs, first one side and then the other until it finally stopped just touching the outer lips. Her hands began a mild trembling and her body begin experiencing miniature previews of the approaching orgasm when the voice broke through. 

"Now for the final test." He told her and placed the stereo phones over her ears.. 

As he spoke, she felt that mouth latch onto her clitoris and two others engulfed her breasts as many hands begin caressing the tender areas of her body. At the same time she felt two large penis' begin thrusting into her lower openings. Her hand clinched into fists and she gritted her teeth as she strained for release. Suddenly her mouth was covered by another one and a firm tongue forced it's way inside and pushed her over the edge. The intensity of the orgasm paralyzed her body completely as it strained against the restraint of the cabinet. It only lasted a second before he flipped the switch off. Any longer would have numbed the nerves enough to have made the rest of the program useless.

"You son of a bitch, you're gonna get us both fired if you don't quit screwing around with the customers while they're hooked up." Joe, the older man, said almost in a whisper as the Sammy pulled Beth's face screen back down.

"Don't' worry old man, she just needed a kiss to light the fire. Hell, she would probably pay me big bucks just for that kiss if she knew it was real instead of part of the program."

"Don't try to shit me, you know I'm talking about the total body stimulation you ass hole. Hell you could burn out her brain with that shit."

"Hey, I said don't worry, after the session she'll never remember the one second that happened before it. Anyway, we're going for the main event now" Sammy said as he selected the tape from the storage case.

"I said, are you all right Ms Jameson." Beth heard the voice through a fog with mewing sounds in the background. She could still feel the man's weight pressing her down against the bed and see his face above hers.

The rhythmic little mewing sounds were much slower now, as Beth open her eyes slightly, to find the handsome young man on top of her. Then she realized the sounds were coming from her own throat, keeping time with the young man's thrusts as he continued to hump her at the rate of about one every five seconds

"Wait a minute let me turn off the effects." He said and in a few seconds later she was sitting in the cabinet again.

"OK, I'm all right" she answered, "the machine still seems to be still functioning satisfactory."

"Are you ready for us to initiate the reversal now?" The man's voice came through the fog again.

"Sure, that's what I'm here for." She answered, getting somewhat brazen again. Beth could barely hear through the fog and the still throbbing penis buried deep within her, still had her mesmerized..

"You didn't turn off the damn tape , you just switched it to slow speed Sammy." Joe said as he reached over and flipped the master switch to off. 

Joe inserted the "Dawn" tape into the machine and flipped the master switch back on and to normal speed.

Beth was startled when she opened her eyes again and discovered the naked girl standing less then a meter in front of her. The long legged, blonde with the high full breasts reached out and caressed Beth's cheek. Beth felt a thrill run through her body and looked down in embarrassment. Her eyes fell on a slightly swollen mound lightly shadowed by tiny blonde curls at the top of the legs. The mound was split vertically and slightly opened.. A line of bright red was easily visible, running down and disappearing between the creamy white thighs. 

Beth couldn't resist as her hand reached out of it's own accord to fondle one of the firm yet soft breasts. The feel of the nipple hardening against her palm was almost electric and her other hand quickly found the blonde's other breast. She was fascinated by the erotic sensations caused by fondling another woman's breasts, but somewhat mystified by the throbbing pressure she felt as her own crotch pressed hard against the front of her jeans.

"I'm Dawn." The blonde said in a sensual whisper as she moved closer and stroked the lump in the front of Beth's jeans. "I hope we can become very close tonight." 

Dawn smiled as she pulled back and squatted down in front of Beth. She unfastened Beth's jeans and begin slowly sliding them down. Beth could feel the material lightly pulling the hairs on her legs as they slid down, then suddenly the pressure at her crotch was released. She looked down, beyond her now muscular hairy chest and flat belly, for the familiar mound with it's shallow cleft. She was startled, but at the same time thrilled, to see a large hard penis protruding from the thick clump of course curly hair that reached three quarters of the way up to her belly button. 

Beth couldn't believe her eyes and reached down to grasp the swollen penis. The feelings was delicious, both the feelings in the hand that was gripping the hot throbbing penis and the sensations coming from the penis itself as it was being squeezed and fondled.

Dawn watched a few minutes as Beth explored the penis, then reached out and pulled Beth's hand away before she leaned forward. Beth's whole lower body felt like it wanted to explode when the hot wet mouth engulfed her throbbing penis and an eager tongue begin tormenting the swollen head. She tried to hold back to enjoy the sensations longer, but the girl was skilled beyond her years and Beth's body strained forward as she felt the new sensation of fluid, out of control, forcing it's way from deep inside, through her organ to spew like a garden hose nozzle. Her lower body felt as if it was filled with hot coals and ice cubes that were being stirred by wave after wave of pleasure. 

For the first time in her life, her primary sex organ had been engulfed rather then filled to produce some of the most intense pleasure she could remember. 

Her organ had been totally surrounded by a hot wet sheath that sucked it in and tightly enfolded it, rather then having an aching empty space inside her being filled and stretched by an invading brute that often finished before she did.

Beth aroused slightly while Sammy was changing the tape "Your first blow job?" He ask with a giggle.

"You know it, buddy," she answered dreamily in a low pitched voice, still lost in the faint mists created by the illusion, "damn she's good, I just hope my cock still works after all that" 

Her hand was twitching inside the glove, trying to find her penis again when Sammy switched the machine back on.

Dawn stood up and pulled Beth over to the side of the bed in the corner. Then she lay back on the bed with her legs spread. Beth had never had a birds eye view of an open vagina before and she found it surprisingly erotic. Dawn motioned with her hands for Beth to come down on top of her. Beth was puzzled, but her swollen penis knew what to do and she quickly knelt on the bed between Dawn's legs. She loved the sensations created by the friction of her hard penis sliding down the length of Dawn's tight vagina. Her new body knew what to do and her hips begin the semi-automatic thrusting motion known by. all men's bodies since the beginning of time.

"Would you like to make an appointment today for your next adventure Ms Jameson?" Sammy ask after Beth had dressed again.

"What's the earliest one you have open?" She ask.

"Well, as you know, by federal law you have to wait at least 2 weeks between adventures to make sure your nerve centers don't burn out."

"Even for your best customers?"

"Especially, for our best customers. We sure don't want to loose them." 

"Damn," she muttered under her breath.

"Wait a minute Ms Jameson, I tell you what, 2 weeks from now would be on the twenty fifth. How about if I could work you in under a dummy name appointment on the twenty third. Sometime an operator sets up a dummy name appointment or two for customers who are especially nice to them."

"Well... Sammy, you have been more then just a technician to me and I've often wondered how I could show you how much I appreciate you. Do you, ah. . . have a private room here where a customer could show some appreciation to her favorite tech?"

THE END