 Chapter One: Jack

It had been there for almost a year. Virtual Sexuality was the latest in virtual reality arcades. According to their ads on the holotube, you could 'live out your deepest sexual fantasies' in a completely safe environment. It didn't matter how depraved or mundane they were, since you only interacted in a virtual reality matrix, you never did anything that was actually wrong. Our thought lives were not criminalized, yet. I had thought of trying them out, but wasn't sure what fantasies I wanted to explore, or even if I wanted to explore them at all.

So what had changed? Marcia dumped me. We had been going steady for almost three years. The sex was great, or at least I thought so. It's not even like I forgot anniversaries or birthdays or some such stupid act of insensitivity. Three weeks ago, she announced, out of the blue, that I wasn't meeting her needs. 

"What needs?" I had asked. 

"After three years, you should know what my needs are!" 

Good God, I'm not a mind reader, and if I was, I would have to wear a dampener. She could have at least said something like "I need more oral sex," or "A romantic dinner would be nice every once in a while," or "I like girls." I would have been able to deal with that. But no, I get that, "You should know," crap.

So here I am, three weeks of no sex, at least sex with someone else, and I'm going crazy. So, "Jack," I says to myself, "you should try out Virtual Sexuality. All the sex I want with none of the bullshit that seems to go with it." I mean, that's a fantasy, isn't it? A woman who will let me know what she wants and needs so that I can meet them? And it's only to tide me over until I get back on the dating thing again. After three years out of the loop, you get rusty.

Anyway, here I am, standing at the entrance to the place and thinking about going in. I'm not sure why I haven't yet. It seems like a big deal, for some reason. Some sort of Rubicon. Justin tells me that it is a wonderful experience, though he never describes what happens when he visits. I suppose there are some of my sexual fantasies that I would not want to share, either. I should at least figure out how the thing works. I have the feeling that it's not like a normal arcade. I mean, when you get into an Everest simulation, there's only so much that can happen. But sex? I've heard that there are no fantasies that can't be fulfilled.

Once I enter, the place looks so... normal. Almost like a spa or gym. There is someone at the front desk helping a couple. I can't help but overhear, given how excited and loud they are being.

"So, you want a private reality," the girl at the counter asks.

"Yes. No one else. Her dad insists we wait until we're married for real sex, but we can try out each other here."

"Will you be wanting any preliminary activities, dinner, movie, that kind of thing?"

The girl friend answered, "No, no. We just want to try out some sex, see if we're compatible."

"You do realize that our programming makes you compatible automatically?"

"How can a simulator make two people who might not be, actually seem compatible?" he asked.

"Our system is quite advanced. Unlike a sports VR, for example, that interacts with your external nervous system, our VR actually interacts with your subconscious, using feedback to determine what your desires are. Since any pair of people are compatible with each other at some basic level, the feedback between two people will enhance the things you like about each other and minimize the things you dislike."

The girl popped up with a, "Oh, we like everything about each other."

I could catch the hint of sarcasm when the reception lady continued with, "That will make it easier on the computer then. As I was saying, your VR selves will be a blend between what each of you wants most from themselves and in a partner. It makes for great sex, but for a poor compatibility test." The guy said, "I can live with great sex. How about you honey?"

"Yes. Great sex makes up for a lot."

"Very well. If you will sign these releases, We'll get you set up in VR room 27."

The couple signed the forms and another person came out from the back to lead them to room 27, wherever that was. I walked up to the counter and waited while she entered a few notations on her screen. Then she looked up.

"Welcome to Virtual Sexuality. How can I help you?"

"I was wanting to... I was hoping to try out... "

"First time?"

"No, I've had sex before. Just never in VR."

"That's what I meant. No one ever seems to know what to ask for on their first visit. We call them scenes. Do you want to engage in a scene?"

"I guess. How does it work?"

"You have several options. You didn't come in with anyone, so I assume you don't want a couple scene. You can engage a solitary scene. In a solitary, you are the only human in the VR simulation. Every one else you encounter is created from your own subconscious. You will have exactly the fantasy you want, perfectly. You could also enter the public matrix. There are currently, let's see now, 36 people in the matrix. You will interact with them on a variety of levels, depending on the desires of the others and yourself. The public matrix is out most popular option. We also have some specialty simulations that are preprogrammed to certain basic fantasies that come up a lot. These are less interactive than the public matrix or a solitary scene. There are currently 14 specialty matrices available, with simulations of things such as BDSM and rape."

"Rape?"

"Yes, rape fantasies are more popular than you would think. Our simulations let men and women explore those darker desires in a totally safe environment. Remember, rape fantasy is not the desire for real rape, just the desire to be forced in some way."

"I see." I didn't, but I wanted to move off this particular subject. "So, if I opt for a solitary scene, I will experience what I truly desire, perfectly."

"Yes. I should point out that what you truly desire may not be what you consciously desire. Our simulators interact with your subconscious mind. Many are shocked by their first solitary scene, at what their subconscious wants for them."

"I think I can handle it. I'll take a solitary scene. How does this all work?"

"You'll be placed under a standard looking VR hood and the remote contacts to your nervous system will link in. There will be the usual minute or two of disorientation and them you'll find yourself in your fantasy. You can do anything in the fantasy that you wish, and the feedback system will have the virtual players react exactly as you want them to."

"I see. How much is a scene?"

"$25 for a real time hour. Inside, that could be days or minutes, depending on how your fantasy plays out. You're aware of the small chances of damage from using virtual reality devices?"

"Yes." I did not consider the one in a million chance for brain damage to be worth worrying about. Even then, the damage usually results in nothing except the inability to interface with VR equipment again.

"If you'll sign this release, we'll have a tech get you started."

I signed the form while she pushed a button on the desk in front of her. A technician showed up and led me back to a room that had a dozen comfortable looking chairs, each with a VR hood. There were more wires than I was used to seeing.

"I thought your equipment was more advanced than normal. What's with all the extra wires?"

"Your subconscious has more to it than your external nervous system. We interact with both, so the increased number of wires. The information flow is too great to use wireless data systems. Now, you need an exit icon."

"Exit icon?"

"Yes. A word or symbol that will cause the matrix to eject you if you see, hear or say it. That way, you can exit the simulation before your hour is up if you wish. They are almost never used, but we like to have them available anyway."

"How about a urinal? Can you have the sight of a urinal send me out?"

"That should work. Our virtual selves almost never need to use the can, so seeking one out and seeing the urinal will make a good exit icon. I'll just program the sight of a urinal to exit you, and we'll be ready to start."

He placed the hood over my head after I was reclined on the chair. I relaxed and heard the familiar low hum of the virtual reality equipment. After a short tickling sensation at the base of my skull, there was a white flash of light that seemed to last for several minutes. When it cleared, I was lying in a bed between red satin sheets. The rustle of the sheets across my breasts made my pussy wet.

WHAT THE HELL! I threw the sheets off and saw the most gorgeous female body I could imagine. Just the sight of it would give me a hard on, if I had a cock. Clearly something had gone wrong with the programming. I was not going to spend an hour in a virtual reality simulation of being a girl. I got up and headed for the bathroom, only to realize that, since I was in a bedroom, the bathroom would not have a urinal. Mental note to self, use a spoken exit icon next time.

I needed to get out of where I was to a public venue where I could go into a men's room. The room was really quite beautiful. The furnishings were a taste of elegant antique. The vanity had a large mirror that I could see myself in. I seemed to be about 5 foot 5, maybe 120 pounds, not too thin, but not overweight (No one is overweight in their mind's eye). My breasts were somewhat small, about the size of a large orange and firm. They stood out without any support. This body would have no need for a bra.

The nipples were erect, sticking out almost painfully. The pussy was bare, no hair, and the lips were protruding and glistening with lubricant. I realized that I was incredibly horny. When I ran a finger across a nipple it was like a little electric spark ran through my body and my pussy quivered, almost as if to say, "Me too?" My other hand seemed to find the folds all by itself. The wetness there was very slick and I actually moaned as I made contact with myself. That was really good.

My God, what was I doing? I do not want to be a woman. I certainly don't want sex as a woman, do I? Of course, it would be kind of nice to know just what they felt when I was doing things. I was paying for the experience. But this was so wrong. I opened the drawers in the wardrobe and found a selection of garments. As I pulled things out, I realized I had no idea how to put most of these things on. It didn't help that everything seemed designed to maximize the sexual attractiveness of this body. Just what was my subconscious up to anyway?

The panties were easy. Underpants are underpants, no matter what your sex. My jockies never felt like this going on. The silk fabric of the panties I selected felt like I was slipping sex onto my body. When they reached my pussy, I shuddered. That was so incredible. I could feel the inside of the cunt spasm, little ripples of pleasure radiating out from my crotch. How in the world was I going to function in these? How did women function in things like this? Were they always this turned on?

I tried walking in them and found that wave after wave of pleasure rolled over my body. Not extremely strong waves, but constant. By the time I had circled the room once, the panties were soaked through. This was not going to work. Maybe if I climaxed, the sensitivity would die down. It was a better option than walking around town(?) in a constant state of high arousal. I took the panties off again, letting them drop to the floor. Sitting on the bed, I brought my fingers back to my pussy and began caressing it again.

If I wasn't so creeped out about being a woman in here, this would feel really good. I stuck three fingers inside of my pussy and started fucking it with them. My hand was getting real wet and fluid was dripping down the inside of my thighs. Having something inside of me felt so good. There was another... need is the best word, I guess, building. Just above my pussy was a... something, it's hard to describe, that made me feel more and more antsy. I used my other hand to feel around and there, under a flap of skin, was my cock, or at least it felt like a miniature cock.

It was erect, and when I touched it, I felt like bolts of lightning were running through me. Oh my God! This was so fantastic. Yeah, I know, I found my clit. I'm not a moron, just not used to being on the inside of a female body. No wonder women want us to play with this at some time, if not more often. Between my fingers plunging into my cunt and the other fingers rubbing my clit, I was starting to feel a pressure, a familiar pressure in my loins. There was an orgasm coming and I wanted it just as bad now as I wanted it when I had a cock.

I fucked myself faster and faster, the pressure to cum building to heights I didn't know were possible. It was like it took more to get there with women than it did with men. No wonder they're always bitching about us cumming too soon. Shit, it's not our fault, at least not entirely. It seems to be biological. The orgasm felt the same at first. An incredible explosion of pleasure radiated from my groin to encompass my whole body. But then, it didn't bounce back to my cock for the big finish and ejaculation. It sort of bounced all around inside until it lost its steam and I stopped shaking on the bed.

I lay there panting, soaking in a warm glowy feeling. It was like the arousal was slowly ebbing, like a light with a dimmer switch. It was kind of nice to lay there and just feel good. Everything smelled kind of nice too .I didn't notice the wetness underneath me for several minutes. It seemed to be cooling and getting a little uncomfortable. 

I stood up and discovered that my pussy, legs and hands were a mess. I went into the bathroom to try to clean up a little. When I tried to wash my pussy with a damp wash rag, I actually yelped. Good grief, I was still sensitive down there, especially my clit. It was like I was still horny on some level. What does it take to satiate this body with sex? With this level of sensitivity, I wasn't going to be able to take anything touching my pussy without walking myself into an orgasm. I was so not going to lose control like that in public.

It might be interesting to see just how insatiable this body was, but I wanted out of this matrix. I went back to the wardrobe and found some things that would work. I'd leave the panties off and where a skirt that would leave my pussy untouched. I put a shirt on as well. I guess it's called a blouse. Even without panties, this was going to be hard. the blouse was made of silk and rubbed deliciously over my nipples, bring them back to an erect state. And, like there was some sort of hotline between pussy and breast, my juices were beginning to flow. A bra wasn't going to help, given that they were all as frilly and sensuous feeling as the shirt was. Just what as my subconscious up to anyway?

Shoes. Where were the shoes? I found them in a closet and shit! High heels. All high heels. At least three inches of high heel each. I tried on the shortest that were there, stood up and promptly fell on my ass. At least the bed was under it. It's amazing how much your center of gravity changes in three measly inches. I took them off and practiced walking around the room on tip toes. I swore that I'd never ogle high heel wearers again. I could not believe how hard it was to walk in these blasted things. Once I had them back on, it was still hard, though the tip toe practice had helped a little. Even then, there were different muscles being used.

I must have spent half an hour getting used to the feel of being raised up like this. I have to admit, the woman staring back out of the mirror was sexier (so much for my promise to myself, I was ogling myself in high heels). Damn! They make you feel sexier too. It was like my pussy and breasts were being thrust forward more, calling attention to themselves. And you can't help but wiggle your ass when you walk raised up like that (at least I couldn't). Finally, I was satisfied that I could get from point A to point B without falling and breaking my neck. I opened the door and looked out of the bedroom.

The hardest part of virtual reality to get used to is the short cuts. No one in their right mind will build a bedroom that opens up directly onto main street. In VR that kind of thing happens all the time. There wasn't a lot of vehicle traffic, but there was lots of foot traffic. I looked around and saw an interesting collage of buildings. Two, no three motels, Five bars, four restaurants and a couple of movie theaters advertising porn. Well, this is a sexual virtual reality, so the preponderance of establishments that lent themselves to meeting sexual partners was not terribly surprising.

There was a restaurant next door, as good a place to find a urinal. I walked down the sidewalk, noticing that both men and women were eying me with lust openly displayed on their faces. Inside the restaurant, I made a bee line for the men's room, only to have my arm grabbed. I looked at its owner and saw this hunk of a man holding me.

"Miss, I think you wan that one there," he said, pointing to the lady's room.

"No," I said, my voice a sultry alto that sounded like it was desperate to be fucked. "I want this one."

"I'm sorry, lady, we don't allow that kind of thing here. That's what hotel rooms are for. If you can't follow the rules, You're going to have to leave."

Well, this was unexpected. The virtual people were preventing me from activating my exit icon. He was clearly not going to let me in the men's room.

"Very well, I'll use the women's room."

"He let me go and I walked into the correct bathroom and stood there for a minute to think. I wasn't panicking. The system would eject me in an hour anyway. I just wanted out now. Remaining idle wasn't a real option. VR systems speed up down time in the real world. A day or two of idleness would only take a minute or two. I needed to do things, things that would use up time. This being a sexual matrix, sex would be the fastest way to use up my hour.

Gee, what to do. Interminably long boredom, or experience sex as a woman. Not a hard choice. The masturbation was enjoyable, so real sex would be as well. After all, this is my private fantasy. I just did not appreciate what my mind wanted. I had my pick of people, seeing as everyone lusted after me (it wouldn't be much of a fantasy if they didn't). I figured the dual sex lusting was from me being a man in a woman's body. The body wanted men and the mind wanted women.

Deep breath and I walked back out. There were two guys standing there waiting for me. I looked them in the eye, one after the other, and asked, "What can I do for you boys?"

The left one, tall, blond, blue eyed, answered, "It's more of a question of what we can do for you."

"And what would that be?"

He moved up into my space. I couldn't move back because his friend, tall, black and brown eyed, had moved up against my back. His chest touched me breasts through the blouse and his hand brushed my cheek. His friend's hand felt along my ass through the skirt.

"Everyone here knows what you're looking for. We can smell it all over you." He leaned in to place his face next to mine. "You want to be fucked, hard, fast, and by as many men as possible. Admit it. Or tell me I'm wrong."

That sounded so fantastic! It's just what I wanted. I don't know where that want came from, but I wanted it and I wanted it now. My pussy was dripping so much you could almost here the drops hitting the floor below me.

"Yes! I want to be fucked. Take me and fuck me, please."

His mouth descended onto mine, his tongue forcing my lips apart. I was helpless against him as he grasped my arms and pulled me in, his tongue exploring my mouth, like it or not. And like it I did. I let him do as he wished, unable to understand what was happening. No matter what body, I was a guy and I was kissing a guy. Why did it feel so good? Those wonderful feelings were overwhelming me. His friend behind me had one hand on my ass, squeezing it and pressing my skirt up into the crack, while his other hand pressed the front of my skirt against me, rubbing my pussy with that silk against those incredibly sensitive folds of flesh.
