 Chapter Four

Steven

Life can be so damn confusing sometimes. You think you know someone and then they up and change on you. Now I have no idea just what to think about the whole thing. I suppose it sounds like I'm rambling. In fact, I am rambling. I suppose I should start at the beginning.

Jason is my best friend. I've known him for almost 15 years, since we were in high school. We've double dated on several occasions. There is nothing we wouldn't share with each other. Everything seemed to go crazy last week. Jason and I were at The Rack, a sports bar, watching the Kingfishers play the Giants on the big holo when he drops the bomb.

"Steve, I think I might be gay."

Everything else in the bar ceased to exist. There was just Jason and his words, hanging there like a cloud. I said the only thing that made sense to say. "You're kidding, right?"

"Please don't make light of this Steve. I really think I might be gay."

"Jason, I'm sorry. It's just that I've known you forever. You don't have a gay bone in your body. I mean, we lost our virginity on the same date, and if I recall, Jennifer Hastings was a gitl, not a guy. I know you've slept with lots of women. I think if you were interested in guys, I'd have noticed."

"I know. I know. It's just... lately women don't seem to do much for me. The last couple of times I've been with Becky, it was no go. I covered by eating her out. Other women don't do it either, at least not looking at them. I tried getting off on some of my home holos and nothing, at least not until a gay scene came on, then, instant hard on."

"You're serious. You think you've really changed somehow?"

"Changed, or realized what I've always been. I don't suppose it matters which. It's really confusing. I know I've liked, no loved, women in the past. Those were fantastic experiences. But now, I can't even get it up with them."

"Confusing. That's a good word for it. Have you tried to get it on with a guy?"

"No. It seems too much like accepting it."

"It's not like there's anything wrong with being gay. If you are, then you are."

"But, I'm not sure I want to be gay. And once I try it, if I like it too much, I will be."

"Jason. You can't fight what you are. You need to find out. The only way to find out is to try it... No, wait a minute. Have you thought of Virtual Sexuality?"

"That new virtual reality arcade? No. Have you ever been there?"

"No. I mean, I've never had any problem getting laid. But, they advertise that you can live your deepest fantasies in total safety. If you are really a homosexual at heart, that would be a way to find out. You can explore your desires, yet never really engage in any sex."

"That sounds perfect. Will you meet me there tomorrow?"

"Me? I don't need to go."

"Steve, I don't want to go alone. It would be too embarrassing."

"What's to be embarrassed about? They see people going in for virtual sex all the time. They won't think anything of it. Just go in and do it."

"Then what are you so resistant about?"

That was a damn good question that I did not want to think about, let alone answer. Our secret desires. Those are frightening things. I mean, I don't even know what my secret desires are. Once inside the VR matrix, I would know, whether I like it or not. But, if I refused, Jason would not go, I could tell. Then he would stay confused and uneasy. I couldn't do that to my friend.

"Nothing. Okay, I'll go with you. How about after work tomorrow?"

To this day, I can't remember who won the game on the holo.

The next day, work was over and we drove over to the Virtual Sexuality building. They had a small line at the front desk, both men and women. Most seemed to know what they wanted and were moved on very efficiently. Jason and I reached the counter.

"Welcome to Virtual Sexuality. How can I help you?"

Jason seemed to freeze. God damn, he was scared. I stepped up and spoke. "This is our first time. Could you explain just how everything works, what's possible?"

"Certainly. In many ways we are like any other virtual reality arcade. You take your place on the VR couch, plug into the matrix, and you experience the matrix in total safety. However, our system is far more advanced than the systems that other arcades. Our system actually interacts with your subconscious and, using feedback protocols, produces the sexual experience that you truly desire."

"Have you ever had someone frightened by their true desires?"

"Yes, that's why we have exit icons. Those are words or symbols that when spoken, heard or seen, eject you immediately from the matrix. Truth be told, I think everyone who has used an icon to escape something frightening, has returned later. It is their true desire after all. Some people just need a chance to get used to what they want."

"Your brochure indicated that there were several different types of matrices that we could chose from. Just what do you mean by types?"

"In general, there are three broad types. The most common is the public matrix. In there you interact with both simulations and other people's virtual selves. The feedback system affects how you perceive each other in the matrix, so two people won't notice each other sexually unless both truly want it. There are also private realities. In these, all the people you meet will be created directly from your subconscious, meeting the needs of your desires perfectly. The third type of matrix is the specialty matrix. These are set up with preprogrammed environments. We found that certain types of fantasies are very common. They are used by people who know what they want. Again, the feedback system gives you what you desire, within the pre-existing framework."

"I see. So for two guys who have never been here before, what would you suggest?"

"I recommend the public matrix for first timers. Most often, the encounters that frighten take place in the private realities. It seems like knowing that everything you encounter is a perfect desire for you makes what you desire more frightening."

"That sounds good. We'll take the public matrix. That work for you Jason?"

He nodded his head. I was not sure how this was going to work. Jason seemed terrified of the coming encounter. I would not be surprised if he used his exit icon within ten minutes of getting in the matrix. Maybe I had pushed him too fast. We paid our $50 and were led back to a large arcade room. There were three dozen VR couches in the room, half of them with people on them. It seemed a little strange that there were so many wires. 

"Uh... why so many wires? I thought VR was wireless these days."

The technician answered, "Since we access your subconscious, the vast quantity of information form each player would overload the wireless networks and the system would crash. It's perfectly safe. Now, what would you like your exit icon to be?"

"How about Cauliflower? If I see or say Cauliflower. Not if I hear it though."

That will work. How about you?"

Jason looked just as nervous as when we came in. He seemed to think for a moment and then said, "Make mine armageddon. If I say or hear that word I will be kicked out."

Got it. Are you ready?"

I said, "Yes," and Jason nodded his head. There was a bright flash of white that seemed to last for a minute and I found myself on a city street. There were quite a few people wondering about. But the first thing I noticed was that Jason was not next to me. I had not thought of that possibility. How do you find another person in a virtual reality matrix? I looked around and saw my reflection in the window behind me. It was me, but, even if I do say so myself, a better me. I had lost my paunch, I wasn't wearing glasses and could still see clearly, my hair was fuller and richer. And my cock. It was noticeable in my pants, erect and throbbing. Well, it is a sexual matrix, so I suppose I should be imagining myself in my 'perfect' sexual body.

"Hi. How are you?"

There was a woman behind me, a very good looking woman. "I'm fine. I lost my friend though."

"Oh, you came in with a partner?"

"No, it's not like that. He was nervous, so I came with him, encouragement. So, are you here alone?"

"Not any more. You want to get a room?"

"Yes, I would love to, but... never mind, let's go."

We walked over to the hotel next door and got a room. Once there, I cradled her head in my hands and kissed her, my own lips cracked enough for my tongue to caress her lips. They parted and I entered her mouth, tasting her. We both moaned as our hand roamed across our bodies, feeling each other through our clothes. Her sides seemed extremely sensitive as she jerked and groaned when I ran my fingers down from her armpits to her hips. I ran them back up and she shuddered.

"Oh yes, that's wonderful. A little harder," she whispered, her arms joining behind me.

She seemed on the edge of losing control. Her breathing was shallow and fast. She was tensed, bracing for something, I'm not sure what. Her eyes were closed and her head titled back. I pressed in with my fingers, feeling each rib as I slowly ran my fingers down her sides again. She cried out and I had trouble telling if it was in pain or from extreme pleasure. The only reason I kept it up was the cries included, "don't stop," at every third or fourth sound.

Once at her hips again, I pulled her blouse up and started up against her bare skin. She cried, "Oh God, yes!" and pulled me tight to her, as I pressed my fingers into each gap between every pair of ribs. Her blouse came up revealing more of her upper body, as I dragged it with my hands. I could detect her aroma, signaling that she had become wet in just the right way and place. When I reached her armpits again, I grasped the folds of her blouse and pulled it over her head, helped by the open buttons she had originally left to show herself off.

Her breasts were large, about the size of a grapefruit, with silver rings piercing them just below the nipples. I tipped her back down onto the bed, kneeling over her. Her skirt had bunched up some, showing a hint of uncovered pussy. Her bra clasped in the front and I released it, letting it fall to the sides. My hands returned to her side, pressing in on her sensitive ribs with my fingers. My thumbs reached over and pressed against the ribs hiding under the edges of her breasts. Her back arched up as she cried again.

I made another round trip and then brought her arms forward, leaving her hands on my belt, hinting, in a not so subtle way, what I wanted. She opened my pants, clumsily, since I was still pressing her ribs. Her hands found my cock and lightly began to caress it, bringing me to a series of moans and groans. I was throbbing in her hands, liberal amounts of precum leaking onto her. That pleasant pain of extreme sensitivity was coursing through me as her hands touched the head.

"Careful," I gasped, "I might cum to soon."

She backed her hands from the head, concentrating on the shaft, rubbing up and down a little at a time. I moved my hands to her breasts, pulling gently on the rings. She whimpered, lifting them up as I pulled.

"Oh God. It hurts." But when I let go, "No! Don't stop. Keep pulling. It's so hot."

I pulled again, a shudder running through her. Her hands left my cock (just as well or I would have cum in a few seconds) and grabbed my wrists, pushing them up, pulling on her breast rings even more. I could see her face contorted in pain as she whispered, "Yes, yes," over and over again.

She held the tension for almost a full minute, it seemed, then, with tears in her eyes, gasped, "Fuck me! Fuck me and pull on them, please."

Keeping hold on the rings, I slid my hips past hers, having to practically lie on top of her, and probed under her skirt with my cock. After a bit of probing, I felt her slit and slowly thrust myself inside. I gasped with her as I felt the warmth and moisture of her cunt caress my cock. I nearly came, shocks of pleasure, like lightning, coursed through me. I held still, letting the feeling back down a bit.. I could feel her pussy clenching against me a little and she was moaning in frustration at my inactivity.

"Please, fuck me. I need it so bad. Use them," she said, pinching my fingers holding onto her rings, "use them to thrust into me."

I didn't want to tear her up, so I grasped her whole breasts, my thumbs in the loops, and used her to pull myself forward with each thrust. I think she stopped talking directly to me, just crying out at the pain from the rings and the pleasure in her pussy. My cock felt like it was growing bigger and bigger, expanding to be the entirety of my body. I lost track of her, my entire being focused on the sensations that were growing in my cock and belly. 

I think I heard a scream from somewhere as her cunt started quivering, pulsing against my cock. I know I did, as I felt my gut well up and explode, semen forcing its way down my cock at far too fast a pace, emptying into her pussy I kept thrusting, the painfully sensitive head of my cock being eroded against the smooth and slick walls of her pussy.

After my third or fourth pulse (I think), I let go of her breasts and collapsed on her. Her arms enveloped me and her lips sought out mine for a gentle series of kisses and licks. I stayed in her, my cock softening, as we cuddled, letting the intensity die down slowly. 

"God, real people are so much better than the virtual ones."

I blinked. "How did you know I was real?"

"You didn't give me predictable. The virtual lovers give you exactly what you want and are predictable after a while. You had me guessing. If you want, I'm here every Tuesday at this time."

"I'll keep that in mind. I hope you don't mind, I really need to find my friend. He was practically terrified when we came in. I was supposed to be his support. Maybe I'll see you next Tuesday?"

"I'd like that. Go find your friend, if he hasn't bugged out."

I used the edge of the sheet to wipe myself off, pulled my pants back up and left the room, back onto the streets. I didn't have much hope of finding Jason, figuring that he had already left or had already made contact with some guy. So I was shocked to find him just outside the door of the hotel.

"Steve! Where were you?" He seemed terrified and horny and seemed to have been crying.

"Jason. What's wrong?"

"It's all so real. I see guys and I want to fuck them. I am gay, at least it seems that way."

"So you're gay." I wanted to reassure him, let him know that it was not the end of the world. "So go out and find someone who is as well, have an experience and see if you like it."

"I can't. I'm scared. I can't tell which people are real people and which are virtual people. God, Steve. I've exited and come back already. I'm so confused."

"Jason. Why does it matter who's real or not?"

"A real person might figure out who I am, know about me in the real world."

So, he was still having issues with becoming gay. I thought about just slapping him and reminding him that we are in the 21st century, not the 1st century. No one will care if he's gay or not. But, that seemed like a bad idea. Then it hit me. There was one person he might feel safe with having an experience.

"Jason, how about me?"

"What? You're gay too?"

"No, most definitely not. Out in the real world, I would never consider it. In here, it's not real and doesn't mean anything. So, I already know you think you're gay. If you fuck me, then there's no big secret that could get out. I'm not going to be worried about what it all means in here. I've already had my fantasy," I said with a leer and a wink.

"You'd do that for me?"

"You're my friend. And, no I wouldn't out in reality. In here, no problem. Come on, let's get a room."

I led off towards another hotel, not wanting the lady to wonder unnecessarily. He seemed to relax a bit. I guess having made a decision makes the tension go away, or at least lessen. In the room, I asked him, "Do you want to be the fucker or the fuckee?" I had no idea how two guys did anything. Never having had any interest, I had not even seen any erotica with guy on guy sex.

"Both eventually. But you just came, so I'll take you."

"Okay. You ever do anal with a girl?"

"A couple of times."

"So you know to go slow at first, use a lot of lube," holding up a tube that was in the nightstand drawer (virtual realities always have what you need). I tossed him the tube and started to take my clothes off.

Now, I was in school with him, so I know he's seen a guy strip naked in the locker room for gym class. So why was he just staring with his mouth hanging open? I guess it makes an incredible difference knowing that you're about to fuck the guy stripping in front of you. I know I felt super weird. I was naked, and he was still standing there. I walked over and started undressing him. Oddly enough, my cock was doing a half mast thing, trying to get erect.

He didn't resist my undressing, but he didn't help either. This was Supposed to be his fucking me, and I was doing all the work, feeling all the weird feelings. As I pulled his pants down, he was erect, so erect it looked painful.

"You need to do some of this, Jason. I can't fuck your cock for you." I turned around and lay on the bed, my hips over the side, presenting my ass for his use. "Now get over here, lube me up, and see if you like it."

"Oh God. You are so hot. I know I'm going to like it. Are you sure?"

"Yes, I'm sure. Just don't try this at home, kiddies," I said with a chuckle.

He picked up the tube off the bed and stepped behind me. I could feel him caress my ass, feeling down to where he could feel my balls. I don't care who you are, if anyone caresses your balls like that, you'll get hard, fast. I could feel a finger probe my hole, encountering resistance when he did. Then he rolled me over and knelt between my legs.

"I should try as much as possible. And you're ready for something," he commented.

With that, he took my cock into his mouth. There was nothing fancy, just bobbing up and down on me. In spite of that, I was groaning at the warm wet feeling engulfing me for the second time today. Yes, it felt incredible strange to see a guy's head sucking my cock, but, nothing in here is real, so I just rolled with it.

It always takes me a long time to have a second orgasm, when I could pull it off, at least in the real world. In here, I seemed to have much more stamina. I was fully erect after only a few minutes and by ten minutes, I came in his mouth (oops, I'm always forgetting to warn people). After my first pulse, he jerked back, spitting out onto the floor, as I shot a couple of ribbons into the air, also to fall on the floor.

"God! That's horrible! How can anyone stand that?"

"I don't know. About half my lovers react the same way. Don't worry about it." Actually, seeing someone react with disgust and retching is an incredible turnoff. But this was supposed to be for him. "If it's any consolation, women tell me that different guys taste different. I know women taste different from each other." I sat up and saw that his cock was even harder, and a deep shade of red. "Now, take my ass and see what it's like."

I rolled over and felt his hands on my ass again. At least this time, my cock was not doing it's impression of a sausage again. Something slick and wet touched me, his finger with lube on it. I tried to relax and let it happen, but your rectum is designed to push things out, not let them in. Eventually, after a lot of twisting and pushing, a finger managed to get in. Once in for the first time, each return trip was a little easier, whether from the additional lube of my relaxing, I can't be sure.

"Use more than one finger before fucking me," I called to him. I wanted to be used to as wide an intruder as I could before the big red one. He did as I asked, putting two fingers in for a while and then three. This was... different. I felt... full. I expected it to be incredibly painful, but after the initial penetration at each level, it was a pressure, not a pain. There were a few intense sensations, almost like pain, but different somehow, when he moved in and out or rotated his fingers, but no real pain.
