 The wind continued to buffet the windows just outside the den where Steve sat staring at his computer screen. Rain had begun to fall in heavy sheets slapping at the windows and sliding door with a gravel-tossed intensity that under normal circumstances, Steve would have found irritating. But not this time. Not at the moment anyway.

He had met a woman through the Internet several month's previous. They had exchanged emails, eventually a few photos. Over time, they had gotten more and more familiar with one another, discussing anything and everything. Eventually, "Chris" as she was called, had informed him that she had a web-cam, as he did. They began communicating back and forth with one another, enjoying the real-time images of one another, making their conversations all the more stimulating and exciting. Especially when on one particular night, Chris had teasingly revealed one of her beautiful full breasts to him on a whim. Something he had hoped eventually might happen, yet surprised when it had. Since that time, they had spent several evenings pleasuring themselves in front of one another. And though the distance between them was great, it was the next best thing to actually being there.

"Oh Chris," Steve typed. "I love it when you do that!"

Chris sat fingering her large extended nipples for him. Rock hard, excited as always, he could only imagine what it must feel like to actually touch them himself, wishing that he could as Chris continued to tease him unmercifully on her side of the world.

"I wish..." Chris stopped playing with her breasts long enough to answer back, "...that it was your hands and fingers touching them, and not my own!"

"Me too!" Steve replied, reaching down just long enough to give his hard stiff erection a few tantalizing up and down strokes before returning to the keyboard.

A peel of thunder shook the windows, as the intensifying storm approached. The flash of lightning outside giving berth to another, still closer roll of echoing thunder that once again shook the windows and door with ominous warning.

"Shit!" Steve typed.

"What?" Chris responded back a second later.

"Got quite a storm going on here," he told her. "Not sure how much longer I'm going to be able to stay on line. Getting a lot of lightning strikes here. Worried about frying my PC for one thing. Though most likely, I'll lose power before anything like happens."

Already the lights had flickered briefly once. Not enough to knock him off line, but serving as a warning that it was a distinct possibility.

"LOL", Chris typed. "It figures. I'm so damn horny, and sitting here on the edge. I'll probably be right in the middle of a really good orgasm when you lose power and miss everything!"

"Smiley", Steve inserted, watching the icon of a sun with a wicked gleam in its face pop up on screen. "Then we'd better hurry here," he began. "Because I'm pretty fucking close myself, and wouldn't mind shooting off a nice load for you right about now either!"

"I'd enjoy seeing that," Chris replied immediately. "Damn Steve, I wish you could touch me right now," she added as Steve watched her reaching down with one hand to insert a long delicate finger inside the wet glistening groove of her cunt.

"Oh fuck Chris!" Steve typed, reaching up to touch the screen as she zoomed in on her pussy, the folds of it so erotically displayed, her feminine juices pearly white, sticky and coating the neither flesh of her slit.

The second that he did, a blinding flash lit up the entire room. For a moment, Steve couldn't see anything but a bright white light. Seconds later, he still couldn't see, the feel of electricity coursing through his entire being, the hairs on his head standing straight up. Gradually his vision returned, fully expecting to see that the power had been knocked out, his connection with Chris severed. Instead, he was mildly surprised to see her image remained, though indeed the lights had appeared to be knocked out entirely, along with everything else...except his PC!

"What the fuck?" he asked himself. But it was the stunned, bewildered expression on Chris's face that alerted him more was going on than met the eye.

He typed, "Chris?"

For a moment or two, she merely sat there staring at him.

"Chris?" he typed again in capital letters, indicating he was worried about her.

She sat there, shook her head as though trying to clear it, then reached for the keypad and typed back a response.

"What the hell was that?" she asked.

For a second, Steve didn't know how to respond. He figured she must have seen the blinding white light on her end, somehow affecting her vision perhaps as weirdly as it had affected his own.

"I think...the house just got hit by a lightning strike," he told her.

"No, not that," Chris responded back immediately. "Something else...something really weird that I'm not sure I can explain."

"What do you mean?"

She laughed, "LOL, for a second there, I could have sworn I felt your finger slip inside my pussy," she told him. "Really, it felt just like someone had," she added still looking bewildered as she sat there typing to him.

"Don't I wish," he told her. "Odd though...all the lights are out, and even the clock on the VCR is off. Yet, my PC seems to still have juice. Pretty strange. I guess the lightning affected some things, and not others."

Steve took a moment to look about, perplexed as even the clock radio, which shared the same bank of electrical outlets, as his PC wasn't working at the moment either. He turned back to face his computer screen. Chris's wild-eyed expression still having not changed much.

"You think I'm crazy don't you?" she asked.

"About my finger? You feeling like someone...me, actually touched you?"

"Yes!"

Once again Steve typed. "I really wish I could touch you Chris, I'd give anything to actually be able to do that!"

"Tell me. What were you doing the second before the lightning hit?" she typed.

"Doing?" he asked himself leaning forward towards the keypad in response.

"LOL, I was touching the screen with my fingers, wishing that I could touch you," he told her.

Steve leaned back, Chris's expression curious as she sat there looking back at him, unmoving, obviously thinking.

"Touch it again," she typed. "But wait one...let me do something."

Steve sat there as Chris adjusted herself. He watched as Chris leaned towards the screen, one of her magnificent full breasts pressing against it tantalizingly. 

"Now, touch it again," she asked him.

Steve laughed to himself. Though the image of that taut hard nipple pressing against the screen was enough of a temptation to actually do so. As he did, he felt a prickle of electricity seize the tips of his fingers, not unlike the shock of static electricity after walking in stocking feet across the carpet.

"Shit!" Steve exclaimed to himself, yanking his hand away in abject surprise.

Chris moved away from the screen, typing.

"You said shit!" she said typing in capital letters. "I heard you say shit! But not only that...I felt your fingers on my nipple!" she exclaimed excitedly.

"Not possible!" Steve thought. "Not fucking possible!" Yet, he too had felt something beyond the electrical current. Only briefly before taking his hand away, but as he sat there, he could have sworn he had indeed touched flesh. Her flesh.

"Ok, this is weird," he typed back a moment later. "Not sure what I felt...electrical current I think," he stated trying to explain the unexplainable to himself.

"Weird isn't the word I'd use," Chris said. "And like I said, I heard you say shit too! You did didn't you?" she typed.

Steve wasn't sure. Wasn't sure if he'd actually said it out loud, or thought it. Either way, how could Chris know he had?

"Maybe you read my lips," he told her.

"How could I?" she replied. I wasn't looking at the computer screen. I had my tits pressed against it!" she reminded him.

He sat back thinking about that. She had a point. "How could she?" he asked himself.

"Ok, lets try it the other way around," he told her. "You try touching me."

Steve stood, his only semi-erect cock in hand as he moved forward, placing the tip of it against his screen. No longer able to see her as he stood, he closed his eyes, felt the tingle of electrical charge suddenly envelope him. And though it wasn't at all painful, it was mildly stinging, though that quickly went away. He stood...feeling a bit foolish until the sensation, or what felt like the sensation of someone's hand reaching to surround him brought him back to his senses. He nearly stepped away from the screen.

"Can you feel this?" he heard Chris asking.

Which is when Steve DID step away. He HAD heard her! Heard her distinctly, just as though talking to her on the phone...or even more so, in person!

Looking back at the screen, Chris was smiling in wild-eyed wonder.

Steve typed, "Did you ask me if I could feel that?"

Chris shook her head telling him not to do it that way. She reached up, her finger touching the screen, touching him from her end. He followed suit, doing the same, and though she sat away from him in her chair, it was enough to reach out as though he were touching her across the room. The electrical charge once again running up his fingers, but the feel of it quickly went away as he maintained his contact.

"Can you hear me?" Chris asked, without speaking, without moving her lips.

"YES!" Steve replied talking to her with his mind, hearing her as clearly had she been sitting in the room with him.

"What the hells going on?" he heard, sensed her asking him.

"I don't know, but whatever the hells happened, this is fucking great!"

Steve closed his eyes, felt the contact somehow sharpen, focus. In his minds eye, he could see her sitting there, he envisioned reaching towards one of her breasts, his finger landing lightly atop the exposed nipple, circling it tenderly. He felt the touch, felt the softness of her skin, and heard a clearly audible sigh of pleasure.

"Don't stop!" she whispered magically. "Oh fuck that feels nice!" Chris added.

Chris had gone from being near two dimensional, to three. But even stranger was the fact he could now see his own arm extending towards her as though actually being there in the room with her. It wasn't exactly of flesh and bone, yet the touch was as real as it could be. But his arm appeared to be glowing, somewhat translucent, shimmering yet firm. Looking down at himself as though he were there, he saw his entire body in the same golden glow, featured, as he knew his face must look had he actually been standing there.

"Close your eyes," he told her. "Focus on me, focus on the sense of touch, see me with your minds eye."

Chris did so.

"What do you see?" he asked. "Can you...see me?"

Her eyes popped back open. "You were glowing!" she told him. "As am I!"

"Close your eyes again, just focus on that...on us."

Steve felt Chris shiver. Felt the pleasured involuntary response as he leaned forward capturing one of her thick long nipples between his lips, sucking it.

"Oh my!" Chris moaned shaking once again. Steve felt the touch of her hands suddenly surrounding his neck, pressing him against her, toying with his hair as he continued to tease, manipulate, and caress that glorious nipple with his lips.

"What the fuck is happening?" he heard her asking.

"I don't know...but don't worry about it, just go with it. Whatever's happening, I want to enjoy it for as long as we possibly can!"

"Yes! Yes!" Chris agreed, "Then lick me Steven!" she said using his more formal name. "Lick my pussy while I can still feel you doing it!" she admonished him.

Steve could see himself sliding down before her, as though actually kneeling before her on the floor as she sat in her chair. She spread her legs obscenely for him, wantonly, lustfully her hands even going so far as to spread her pussy lips a part for him, revealing her hard swollen clitoris even more fully than he'd seen earlier.

Steve speared the outer folds of her tender slit. Felt the heat of her moisture, the slippery texture of her cream as it coated the tip of his tongue. He lingered there, allowing the dance of his tongue and lips to explore the fullness of her, feeling her shudder excitedly as he did.

"Oh fuck...fuck me!" Chris wailed uncontrollably.

"Not yet, but soon!" Steve responded back. "Before whatever this is goes away," he added. "But right now, I want to enjoy tasting you, licking you, sucking your clit!"

He continued to do so, though one hand now returning to her breast, the hardness of her nipple rolling between the tips of his fingers while he licked, sucked, and nibbled the folds of her flesh and the hard nubbin of her sex. Steve now used his remaining hand to slip first one, then two fingers inside her. He heard her gasp, heard her cry of pleasured acceptance as his fingers penetrated her fully, moving slowly in and out of her ever increasing moisture. Steve could even hear the slippery, mushy sounds as Chris's pussy began to froth in rapturous desire. The squish-squish-squish of her cunt singing to him as his fingers worked in and out of her tight, pulsating quim. His lips continuing to kiss, his tongue now rapidly fluttering against the tiny shaft of her female prick

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck Steve! Oh fuck...fuck...fuck!" Chris was near screaming now. He knew she was on the edge, purposely keeping her there, alternating the contact of tongue to clit, the force, pressure and speed so that she could not gage, nor coax him along to completion before he was willing to allow her to go there, and share it with her.

"Now...please now!" she begged deliriously. "Please Steve please! Make me come! Let me come!" she amended, knowing full well that he was indeed the one in charge of her ecstasy.

Steve slid both fingers inside Chris's cunt fully. Walking them gently against the upper edge of her super-sensitive fuck tunnel as though finding the very back of some mysterious cavern wall. He drew her clit upwards between his lips, holding it there, gently sucking it with a continued pressure, though somehow rubbing the surface of its tip with his tongue simultaneously.

Chris exploded. There was no other way to describe it. Like a chain reaction of atoms suddenly bouncing off one another, the near cataclysmic eruption of pleasure threatened to rob her of all sense of sanity, reality. And for a time...it had.

When she at last recovered, it was to the sensation of Steve's hands gently, softly caressing her flesh from head to toe. Every traced outline of his finger-tips however, leaving a lingering tingle of electricity that burned intimately, pleasurably for a moment before dissipating like the vapor trails of jet in flight.

"My turn!" Chris said wickedly.

Steve saw himself sitting back, somehow landing within the comfort of his own chair. Chris now on the floor before him, her hands already seeking him out, grasping his firmness as though to assure themselves that his touch was real, that his firmness was real and not simply some figment of her now heightened imagination.

Even the touch of her hands as they surrounded his shaft was exquisite. It had been too long already since he'd even been with a woman. But as pleasurable as her soft hands felt as they gently coaxed his super-sensitive skin up and down his shaft, was nothing in comparison to the overwhelming sensation as Chris's mouth suddenly and fully engulfed him.

"Sweet holy fucking shit!" Steve cried out gasping, his breath momentarily stolen from him as Chris peeled his prick like a monkey with a banana.

The expertise of her tongue, the pressure of her lips as she captured, then drew,, then released before recapturing the head of his prick again was beyond anything he had ever sensed or felt before.

He felt the softness of her hand as it palmed the firmness of his balls. Felt the gentle edge of her fingernail as it dragged daintily, across the opening of his ass, probing, not quite entering as she toyed with him there, all the while her lips playing the flute of his sex expertly in ways he had never imagined.

Chris sucked him, maddeningly so for a moment. Her lips and mouth furiously assaulting him until slowing, torturously as she drew him in and out of her lips, from the tip of his tiny-eye slitted crown to the base of his now swollen ball sack. Over and over again, changing the rapidity and motion, easing the pressure, and then increasing it either slowly or fast. Steve's mind went wild with the pleasure of it, her own expertise in dangling him above the precipice of orgasmic delight just as precariously as he'd done for her. Sure that at any moment he would involuntarily spill his seed, filling her mouth with his essence without the willpower or ability to stop himself from doing so.

"I need to fuck you!" he somehow managed to say. "Please Chris please! Before whatever this is goes away, or ends. I need to know what it's like to be inside you. I need to feel my cock inside your pussy!" he found himself begging her.

Reluctantly then, she released him. Crawling upwards into his lap, the magnificence of her breasts now well within easy reach of his lips. He took one. Placing his hand tenderly upon the other, tweaking her nipple, once again feeling her involuntary shudder just as she slid her hot swollen cunt over the length of his cock, impaling herself fully and completely.

They fucked. Moving together as one. Slowly at first, relishing in the exquisite indescribable sensations of passion driven lust that now consumed them both. The pearly coating of her cream washing his prick in abundance, the knob of his prick bubbling out its own lubrications to further coat and kiss the passage of her overheated desire. They moved as one, coming together, their tempo slowly, gradually increasing until the same sounds and pleasured music he had heard and made with his fingers earlier began to rise into a crescendo of symphonic harmony as Chris's pussy began to gush in pre-orgasmic release, the sounds of her wetness as well as his, now splattering against them both in a fine tiny spray of velveteen sweetness.

"Come! Come with me!" Steve urged, the feel of his pending explosion already pressurizing his prick to the point of boil over.

"Let it go!" Chris shot back immediately. "Fill my pussy with your cum baby! Squirt it in me, let me feel you spending that thick delicious cum juice inside my cunt!"

Steve felt Chris's cunt suddenly spasm. Felt it tighten around and about him like a vise as the pulsations of her climax began, causing his own to sky-rocket up the length of his shaft until he was filling her with his creamy nectar, her pussy continuing to milk each and every drop from him with each continued spastic contraction of her own. So much so, he felt their combined juices mingling, and then pouring forth from whatever avenue of escape they could find. Deliciously erotic, naughty, decadent noises that sounded almost embarrassing, yet continued to heighten their continued pleasures as his spunk and hers, now joined, flowed from the depths of her femininity, bathing them both.

Long before their breathing had returned to normal, Steve leaned over to kiss her deeply, lovingly. But before he could, before his lips came within a hairs breath of hers, the lights came back on. Vaporizing instantly, in the twinkling of an eye her golden shimmering form spun off into a million tiny sparkling motes of electricity. Steve sat there staring at his now vacant dark computer screen, the faint odor of burned boards and circuitry assailing his nostrils. He could only sit staring at his obviously destroyed computer, which was what he was still doing when the phone rang.

"Chris?" he answered questioning.

"Yes!" she replied excitedly. "By the way, my PC's toast," she told him.
