 We thought it was proper calling it the Mothership at the time. little did we know how prophetic that name would become. They arrived nearly two years ago today, from the Andromeda Galaxy they told us. Apparently they were a colony. After countless wars on their homeworld they left in the hopes of creating a better civilization, one of peace. Well, when the Mothers started to show up, not many found a reason to resist. At first they warmed the hearts of our females, they provided them a way to give birth to perfect human beings, free from any sort of disease or defect, the price? Well, let's just say the price was very easily paid by the more than willing husbands.

That's how it started. They were nannies at first, helping out here and there, providing nourishment to human babies with their fat burgeoning breasts, and every night the willing husbands would give them their own offerings to replenish the alien breed. You could see them on clear nights, the shuttles transporting the new Andromedans back to the Mother ship.

Two years went by of this peaceful coexistence until one day, myself and probably many others realized, they had become a bit more...insistent.

Single most of my life I went from one failed relationship to the next. I continued the vain attempts of convincing myself it was because of my shitty job, but in reality, I knew the truth. Born a scrawny and lanky child with asthma I never had the physique of my fellow classmates, even so, I did get lucky eventually, but it never did pan out. Oh it was always the usual, "it's me, not you," deal, I knew it was bullshit. There was one girl that truly loved me regardless of my body and in the end It was I that ended the relationship.

Well, like I mentioned before, things changed after the Mothership had been here for a while. 

After another boring and lifeless day at work I pulled into my duplex to find my lights were on. Assuming I had left them on I walked grudgingly up the walkway and made my way inside. The door was locked which was reassuring, however, what caught me by surprise was the pleasant smell of garlic and Italian sausage permeating the air. Everything in my apartment was cleaned and put away neatly. I had my hand on the cell phone in my pocket ready to call the police but I instantly froze when the invader in my home came into view. She was the most voluptuous and delightful example of feminine beauty I had ever seen in my entire life. 

I knew right away she was a 'Mother' but my cock didn't care. Standing almost two feet taller than me, her hair was a long, brown voluminous mane that ached for me to touch it. Her face was a picture of natural beauty that required no make-up and her eyes gleamed of motherly love and tenderness while her full lips exuded sexiness. Her breasts, full and wide, fought an honorable battle against her overly tight apron that revealed two dark patches of wetness where her fat nipples pressed against the fabric, like pyramids of dense turgid flesh. Her wide feminine hips were barely hidden by the fabric of her apron and as she moved they swayed hypnotically and I couldn't help but become enraptured by the pure sexuality and comeliness of her flesh, "dinner's ready honey." Even her voice carried the tone of a loving mother, the sights, sounds and smells of the whole experience had me in a daze and I felt myself drawn to the plate of home made spaghetti and sausage steaming on the table.

As I ate voraciously of the meal her gentle hand ran along my shoulders, as if rubbing away the stress of the day, "as soon as your done eating, honey, I hoped we could get to know each other, my name is Edora, I'm here to take care of you." I nodded dumbly as I shoved another piece of sausage into my mouth. 

As I ate she moved across from me and sat down to watch me eat. She supported her head with her well manicured hand and her eyes maintained that dreamy look of tenderness and love as if she received pleasure from simply watching me stuff my face with her home cooked meal. Experimentally I swallowed a large bite and moaned, "this is the best meal I've ever had, thank you." 

Her face flushed and she flipped her hair back behind her ear, "thanks, sweety, I worked on it for a long time to get it just right...for you." She accentuated the word you as if it was all that mattered to her.

As soon as I finished the last bite she rose quickly from the seat across from me and deposited my plate into the sink. Before I could get up, however, she deftly moved to my shoulders and began giving me a brain melting massage, "I hoped you didn't work too hard today hun, it pains me to see you uncomfortable, Mother will take care of you though."

I moved to protest but when I felt her hands grip the underside of my shirt and slowly pull it off any complaint was demolished at the sensation of her naked breasts on my back. Moving in front of me she placed her soft delicate hand on my shoulder and caressed my neck as she offered up her large leaking nipple. The sight of dribbling milk racing down the smooth slope of her breast and the look of lust on her face melted away my cares and I succumbed to her desires. I took her fat nipple into my mouth and drank greedily of the creamy delicious substance.

Wrapping her slim yet powerful arms around me she lifted me as if I were a babe and took me over to my couch. As I continued to drink her endless supply of milk she coddled me in her lap and continued to massage my body and caress my head, all the while she hummed unknown nursery rhymes and soothed me into a state of relaxation I had never known possible.

Laying me down gently on the couch she carefully removed my pants that concealed my straining cock, "time to do your chores, honey," she cooed. As my cock became exposed to the air and issued a tiny rivulet of precum she hummed that same odd nursery rhyme as she straddled me and thrust her breast into my face, "drink up, honey, growing boys need their nourishment." Taking her fat leaking nipple into my mouth I felt her dainty hands cover my cock in my precum before aiming it into her tight snatch. As she lowered herself onto me, I groaned into her breast. Her insides were like a rhythmic pulsing cavern that massaged my cock beyond anything I've felt before. Gyrating her large hips across mine she didn't even have to piston her hips and I felt like exploding. My hands pressed firmly into her huge soft breasts as I drank and drank of her endless bounty. I felt her large succulent lips kiss my forehead as her pussy massaged my cock, "good boy, your doing such a good job for Mother." Taking my hands in hers she placed them onto her wide hips. She pressed her hands hard into her large breasts causing a stream of milk to gush down my throat. When I nearly choked on the delicious nectar her spasming pussy constricted and began pistoning against my rod like a jackhammer. With a throaty groan I spit milk onto my cheeks and the onto the couch as I came powerfully into her. 

As she moaned and sat up she looked down at me with a playful stare of aggravation, "such a naughty boy, spilling milk on the couch." Pressing her large body against me, I felt her weight push me into the cushions as she began cleaning up the milk with her lips and tongue. Eventually they found their way to my cheek, than my mouth where they lingered. Before I could advance the kiss any further she pulled herself off of me. Her stomach, which already had a nice feminine paunch, soon began to grow as her pregnancy advanced through its stages rapidly. "Stay right here, honey, Mother will be right back to help get you cleaned and ready for bed." She then walked out of my field of vision. I heard the back door open and close as I lay there naked on the couch. Although the thought of moving and taking a shower crossed my mind, some internal thought insisted that I remain, since it was a natural thought I didn't think to question it, I even felt somehow elated that I obeyed the woman's wishes.

When she returned some time later, her belly had returned to the healthy curves of a mature woman and she was once again dressed in a simple apron. "Such a good boy you are, you didn't move a muscle, here, let Mother help you." She easily lifted my nude prostrate form in her arms and carried me into the bathroom, "you can move now honey, just be careful as I don't wish to drop you."

Something clicked in my head and I realized I had some limited control of my limbs. "Why me Edora? I thought you only helped wives and their husbands." 

She didn't answer right away as she laid me in the cool tub and began running the water, being sure to hold her hand under the faucet to ensure the temperature was right. "Just relax honey, Mother will take care of you." 

As I felt the warm water begin to fill the tub her hands began massaging my chest, stomach and arms. "Edora, you didn't answer my question."

She leaned over the tub, her breasts pressed against the edge and spilled out of her apron revealing her soft creamy flesh. After caressing my face with her delicate hands she gently pecked me on the forehead with her soft lips and whispered gently to me as her hands returned to their task of cleaning and massaging my body, "do you want me to leave honey?"

I was stunned at the question and my mind dwelled on what it meant as she continued to lovingly attend to my tired body, "n...no."

She smiled, a heavenly sight that made my heart nearly burst. Turning off the water she caressed my face with a gentle hand, moving my hair out of my eyes, "stand up honey." She stood and held out her hands to me. Taking them, she easily lifted me to my feet and in one swift movement she reached behind her and untied her apron, revealing her thick beautiful body. With a pleasant smile she dipped one of her feet into the tub, than the other. After a little splashing she lay in the water with her back resting against the back of the tub and her large breasts resting in her lap. Her large body filled the tub to capacity causing most of her smooth flesh to collect above her. Instinctively I knew what she wanted so I lay down in her lap and allowed her to shove her large nipple into my mouth.

When next I awoke I was in my bed and Edora was laying on top of me, milking my cock while her huge tits surrounded my face, "honey, oh, I'm so sorry for waking you, Mother will make it up to you I promise." 

I groaned as I felt her juices spill onto my cock as she came, I placed my hands on her pliant ass and squeezed the delightfully soft flesh, "it's ok Mother, I forgive you."

At the moment I called her Mother she tensed up and began to shake on top of me as she came more powerfully than she had before, her moans reverberated through my apartment as her pussy spasmed around my dick like a vice, "oh honey...thank you, thank you, that means so much to Mother." She used her hands to squeeze her tits against my face as my hands explored the immensity of her soft ass and hips as she rocked against me. I sensed her milk pooling around my neck as it leaked from her engorged tits and I came into her as I gasped beneath her weight, "so good...so good honey, thank you, thank you..."

As I lay there gasping for breath she rose up and changed the sheets around me. In doing so her belly soon began to form a dome of tight flesh as her new pregnancy progressed at inhuman speeds, "I'll be right back honey, good night." She tucked me in and kissed me softly on the lips. As soon as her lips left mine my vision grew fuzzy and I suddenly felt tired, yet incredibly comfortable.

When I awoke, the sun had not yet risen. Looking around my bed I saw that it was empty, "that was some hell of a dream." Looking at my alarm clock I saw that it was 5 minutes before it was set to go off. Turning it off I jumped from the bed. I jumped up and down a few times to let my body wake up. I must have fallen asleep early, I felt fantastic. 

After clicking on the light and throwing on my work clothes I heard a voice from the kitchen, "breakfast is ready hun, time to get up." I froze as I was tying my last shoe, was it really a dream? Or am I still dreaming?

After getting ready I peaked my head out of my bedroom door to see the same beautiful voluptuous lady getting the table ready, there was only a setting for me. I must have looked surprised as I walked out of my room for she chuckled at me, "it wasn't a dream honey, come, eat, eat." She pulled out the chair for me to sit.

The breakfast was my favorite combination, bacon, two eggs medium and toast. The coffee was made fresh and already had cream in it. When I tasted it I recognized the flavor immediately. When I looked to her I saw she had a different style of apron on yet it still had the noticeable dark stains where her nipples leaked into the fabric. She was looking at me expectantly, "its delicious Mother thank you."

She beamed in happiness and cupped her blushing cheeks with her palms, "thank you so much honey that means a lot to me, do...do you need help?"

Although I knew I could eat on my own I thought her enthusiasm was cute, "umm, sure." Taking an extra chair she moved it beside me and sat down. Taking the fork and knife from me she quickly cut the eggs and bacon into neat portions and gently fed them to me, all the while she draped her arm over my shoulder and massaged me here and there, I felt like royalty. 

As soon as I finished eating she pulled the plate away and put my thermos in my hand, "better get going honey, you wouldn't want to be late." 

I took the thermos and gathered my things, I almost reached the door when I heard her voice, "almost forgetting something hon?" I thought for a moment before realizing what she meant, running back to her I went to kiss her on the lips but she gently cradled my face in her hands and pressed her lips to my forehead. I don't know why but I blushed at that gesture of affection and even during the entire drive to work I could still feel the sensation of her lips on my skin.

Where normally the workplace was incredibly boring and at other times stressful, somehow, nothing got to me. I worked harder than I ever had and people who normally gave me a hard time avoided me during the entire day. Even on my drive home I still felt as energetic as I was when I arrived.

Just like the previous night, I arrived to find a hot dinner waiting for me on the table and Mother was sitting opposite waiting patiently. This time it was a simple dinner of roasted chicken with corn, mash potatoes and a dinner roll. As I was eating I realized that I haven't seen her eating or drinking anything since she's been here, "do you eat anything?"

She waggled her finger at me, "shu shu shu, honey, its rude to talk before you've finished eating," I was going to respond to her behavior but oddly I felt myself becoming compliant to her commands. 

After I finished eating I rose from the table, not allowing her to assist me, "ok, I really do appreciate the way you've been treating me but I need you to be honest with me."

Her smile faded a tiny bit but picked right up when a ding issued from my oven. Putting on mits she opened it up and immediately the kitchen was consumed in the pleasing smell of freshly baked cookies, I found myself returning to my seat as I saw the delicious hot morsels resting on the pan, "those smell delicious, Mother."

She beamed in happiness as she placed them on the table and began to fan them with her delicate hands, after a moment she carefully lifted one up and offered it up to my lips. Tentatively I tasted the warm offering until I was finally able to take the entire cookie into my mouth, although the taste was somewhat unrecognizable I couldn't help but fall in love at the flavor and texture. When I moaned in appreciation her smile widened and she began to deposit them on a clean plate, "eat as many as you like, honey."

I didn't argue as I continued to eat the delicious cookies. When I was on my fifth I felt my eyes get a little fuzzy, "ooh I think I ate too many."

She gazed at me lovingly as she removed her apron, revealing her full leaking breasts. Pulling up an extra chair she carefully lifted my body and placed it within her lap. I lay there smiling as a comfortably fuzzy sensation enveloped my body, her dripping nipples made my mouth water and hang open which caused her to make cooing noises as she caressed my face, "here you go honey, this will help you." She hefted one of her huge tits and pressed one of her leaking nipples to my mouth. Wrapping my lips around the large swollen teat I sucked her sweet cream as I lay there helpless in her arms. My thoughts jumbled around in my head, unfocused and foggy, am I drugged? What is she doing to me? Those cookies, so tasty, her milk, I love it, I love her...Mother...I love Mother.

She looked down at me as I smiled up at her. Whenever milk would leak from my lips she would tenderly wipe it with the cloth of her apron and stroke my head, "you're doing so good honey, drink, drink." My eyes rolled around in my head and gurgling sounds came from my mouth. "You're drinking so much honey, you did such a good job, here, let Mother reward you." Tenderly she lifted me from the chair and carried me to my bedroom. She laid me down on the bed and I could only stare helplessly as she undressed me. My body was paralyzed but I could feel everything, any touch on my body from her was like the softest cotton. I watched as her beautiful naked body climbed easily onto the bed. Leaning forwards she placed her hands under my armpits and lifted me up, placing me gently upon her body. All I could feel was the warmth and softness of her flesh as she squirmed about. Using her hands she guided me to one of her breasts that lay heavily on her stomach. Latching on to her squirting nipple she than lifted up my hips and guided my stiff cock into her moist waiting pussy. Moaning into her leaking teat I humped into her weakly as her pussy milked my cock. As I rested my hands on the vast slopes of her plump breasts I felt her hands on my hips begin to assist my thrusts. In my mind I felt like I was being used like a toy for her pleasure but, somehow, I knew it was all for me. Even as her stomach bulged as I came again and again, it was all for me, because she loved me. Laying me down softly onto the bed she caressed my cheek and made cooing noises as she walked out of the room. At the edge of my vision I could see the smooth skin of her belly begin to grow as new life was created within her.

Returning to the bedroom she lifted me up and cradled me in her arms while she leaned back against the headboard, "Mother," I said weakly. Smiling tenderly and gazing at me with those loving eyes she pressed her nipple into my mouth and I drank. "It's ok honey, Mother is here for you." I smiled contentedly as I drank of her sweet bounty and drifted off to sleep.

When the morning came I knew I had awoken at the same time as the previous day for I lay in my bed in thought as the five minutes ticked by and the alarm began blaring. As I got dressed for the day I didn't question whether or not Edora was outside in the kitchen. I thought it strange that she didn't badger me about getting ready, but than again, felt a distant sense of relief that I still had some semblance of control in my life.

When I entered my living room I could smell the pleasant scent of breakfast but Mother wasn't at the table waiting for me. Instead she was sitting on the couch, watching me demurely. Even as I sat and ate the biscuits and gravy she didn't leave her seat. Gathering my things I nearly opened the door when I turned to look at her. Her eyes were on the floor and her hands were clasped at her waist. I walked slowly over to her and knelt by her feet.

I placed my hand gently on her thigh, "is this about last night?" She nodded slowly but her eyes never left her feet. Lifting her chin I brought her eyes up so that they were forced to see me. Gently I kissed her on her cheek, "I don't want you to leave Mother, I just want to talk."
