 After we came back inside, Caitlyn and I sat at the table for a while enjoying a cup of hot chocolate. We continued talking about our different experiences with our mothers until the hour grew late. "It's a shame you have work tomorrow, Cat, I'd love to spend more time with you."

She yawned and got up from her chair. She kissed me gently on the lips and ran her hand across my chest, "me too, Eric, but I gotta go, at least work has been easier lately."

I chuckled and stood up to escort her out, "yeah, it's been a bit easier for me too, I think mother has something to do with it."

"Ready to go little one?" We turned to see Caitlyn's mother Ellora waiting impatiently by the doorway, her keys jingled noisily in her hand.

Caitlyn smirked and kissed me again, "I'll call you when I get off, love you, Eric."

I gripped her hand tightly and pulled her back for a deep kiss, "love you too Cat."

I stood by the doorway and watched as Caitlyn's mother helped her into the passenger seat of her coup, moved around the car and jumped in the driver side. After the two left I continued to stand by the open doorway watching the street lamps and occasional flashes of lights in the sky revealing the tiny egg ships destined towards the Mothership.

I felt mother's hands gently massage my shoulders as she pressed her lovely body against my back, "she is such a lovely young lady, you're quite lucky to have someone like that, honey."

I turned around to see mother wearing a fresh new apron, "I'm lucky to have you too mother, I wouldn't have Caitlyn in my life again if it weren't for you."

She blushed and gently pinched my cheek, "that's flattery young man."

We both shared a light chuckle as I closed the door and we went into the living room. After all the mess we made the place looked as neat as ever. "You've got a lot of work to do tomorrow as well don't you, honey?"

I yawned as I sat down roughly on the couch, "yeah, I just don't want this evening to end, I've had such a great time."

Mother sat down next to me and pulled my head down into her lap. I made myself comfortable and nuzzled my head into her soft flesh, "you're going to have an important visitor tomorrow, honey."

I laid my hands on her thigh as she ran her fingers through my hair, "oh? Can I ask who it is?"

She hummed a beautiful song as her hands began to rub across my shoulders and chest, "what you did today was quite special, it hasn't happened in some time, it made a lot of us very happy, especially my mother."

My ears perked up, "your mother?"

She laughed innocently as she patted my rear, "yes hon, my mother, she was one of the last of us that could reproduce but she has long passed her cycle and can no longer breed."

She must have sensed my troubled thoughts because she caressed my cheek reassuringly, "I'm a clone of her, but only in the physical sense, I am my own mind, just as any human like you would be. I was made for this role in order to save my species. Do you understand, honey?"

I nodded and squeezed her thigh gently, "is that why the mothers look very similar to each other?"

She placed her hand over mine and held it gently, "that's right honey, you see why we need your help. With so few of us, our ability to create varied offspring is limited. We have already experienced the affects of inbreeding through artificial insemination, that's why we were so surprised to learn that humans could create offspring that could allow us to reproduce properly again."

I lay there in her lap, struggling to process what she told me while keeping my eyelids open, "is she a nice lady, mother?"

She paused for a moment, "hmm? Oh, oh yes she is, I was hoping that she could wait until both you and Caitlyn had time off of work to see her but she insisted on seeing you as soon as possible, so she's going to arrive tomorrow afternoon."

I tried to ask another question but the only thing that came out of my mouth was another yawn, "alright honey, time for bed." Shifting her body around she shoved her arms under me and lifted me up gently against her bosom. As I felt secure in her arms and comforted by the soft flesh of her huge breasts I began to nod off.

I awoke sometime in the night cradled in mother's arms. She must have removed our clothes for I felt myself pulled close to her naked breasts and I could feel her thick nipple pressing against me. She was gently rocking back and forth and humming her hypnotic rhyme, "thirsty honey?" She whispered. I nodded and she gently pulled her nipple from between us and offered it to me. It took a moment of me gently sucking and licking the tasty thick flesh before milk began to seep and than flow into my mouth.

When I awoke in the morning I felt myself wrapped in a soft blanket while being rocked back and forth in mother's arms. We were in the living room on the recliner, she was gently snoozing as she held me tightly to her body. She had taken the blanket from my bed and wrapped it so tightly around me that I couldn't move. She must have felt me squirming because I felt her brush my hair out of my eyes when she awoke, "it was chilly last night sweety, I didn't want you to catch a cold."

I smiled up at her while she began to unwrap me from the blanket, "considering how much you changed me, mother, I don't think I'll catch a cold ever again." When I saw her grin and her eyes twinkled I knew exactly what she was going to say so I said it myself, "it doesn't matter does it?" She laughed cheerily as she lifted me off of her lap and let me stand up on the floor. The sun was just peeking into the windows and I could hear the morning birds singing their beautiful songs.

Mother slowly stood up and went into the kitchen, "I'll get breakfast ready sweety, go ahead and get dressed."

I picked up the blanket and folded it, "yes, mother." As I crossed the threshold of my bedroom I was suddenly surprised at what I had said but I realized I had truly meant it, to be subservient to her like that is something I've come to enjoy, it feels natural to me now. Even though she might have done something to cause that what does it matter when I'm happy. I'm back with my old girlfriend that I never really got over. I'm healthier than I've ever been in my life, work isn't hell anymore and I've stopped feeling sorry for myself.

As I set my blanket back on my bed tears of joy began falling down my cheeks, "honey what's wrong?"

I felt her gentle loving hands wrap around my body, I turned towards her and cried in her arms, "I'm so happy mother, I never imagined I could be so happy. I love you so much."

I heard her sniffle as she lifted me and pulled me close, "I love you too honey, mother is here for you always." I was soon bawling in her arms as she gently rocked me back and forth. "Breakfast is almost ready sweetheart, I made you a special treat, hurry up and get dressed." As she gently lowered me to my feet I sniffled a few times and wiped the remaining tears from my eyes, "yes mother, I'll be right there."

As I got dressed I assessed the changes she had made to my body over the last number of days, along with the disappearance of my asthma my skinny-fat frame was now accentuated my blossoming packs of well defined muscle and all the aches and pains from sitting at a desk for hours at a time vanished. My cock, which used to be a whopping five inches now hung at what I guessed was a modest six and a half. I felt better over all and I figured if I decided to enter a marathon right now I could actually have a shot at winning. "Sweetheart, are you almost ready?"

I cringed and began getting dressed quickly, "yes mother, just a moment!" I tied up my work shoes and pulled my wide brim hat out of my closet, I noticed on the racks were a few of her clothes that were freshly cleaned and pressed, ready to be worn. I ran out into the kitchen to find her standing by the table patiently, with her hands clasped together in front of her. Sitting before me was a bowl of steaming oatmeal. The sweet smell of cinnamon, spiced apples and milk wafted from the creamy meal, "this smells wonderful, mother, thank you."

She didn't say a word, she just gazed at me lovingly while I gobbled up the delicious breakfast, the taste of it was wonderful, yet, as I neared the last bite I tasted something familiar; a slight after taste. As realization hit me I felt my cock throbbing powerfully in my pants as a strong fuzziness enveloped my nervous system, "ooh...mother..." I felt her gentle hands hold me steady as my eyes rolled into the back of my head. As my limbs drooped she thrust her spurting nipple into my mouth. 

I began to shake in her grasp as pleasure I've never before experienced crashed through my body like a tidal wave. I could distantly tell that I was continuously cumming and cumming into my pants but It was a paltry sensation compared to the all encompassing pleasure of her milk. As my eyes closed I saw images of her large naked body on top of me. Her fat wine cork nipples were spraying her bounty onto my body like hoses, my cock was in a constant state of climax, continuously erupting into her moist velvet embrace.

The next vision I had was in a vast room full of soft, flesh colored cushions that moved about as if the were alive. When I moved they all arose and were mirror images of mother. All the large soft bodies of mother crowded around me and covered me in kisses and light caresses, the whole time professing their undying love for me. I felt completely smothered by their heavy bodies and at any one time I had at least three leaking nipples spraying their glorious abundance down my throat. My cock was spewing its contents endlessly into the countless moist pussies that surrounded me.

Again the visions changed. I was in a cathedral, Caitlyn was beside me and she was absolutely stunning in her wedding gown, I said my vows to her and tears began streaming down her face as she gave her life to me, and I to her, she threw herself in my arms and kissed me with more passion and love than I've ever felt.

My vision shifted again, I was on a large bed surrounded by multiple copies of mother and Caitlyn. I had no limbs and I could only lay helpless on the bed as the countless beautiful women covered me with passionate kisses. They rubbed their breasts along my skin sensually and I struggled to taste them with my lips. Leaning over me was the smiling face of mother, "I'll always love you, honey, you're my sweetheart, I'll take such good care of you." She than thrust a massive swollen nipple into my mouth and milk gushed down my throat and into my belly. Looking down at my body I saw that I had at least twenty stiff cocks that were all being kissed, licked and sucked by eager mouths. I groaned helplessly as one by one my dicks began to eject their essence into hungry slurping lips. Just as one cock would cease its release another would begin, making the pleasure endless, when the last would stop another cock would grow from my torso and begin spewing its pleasure. Always the leaking teat of my mothers abundance delivered her love to me in the form of delicious milk.

Whether the whole experience lasted seconds, minutes or hours I couldn't say. When I awoke I was in the bath tub being tenderly massaged and cleaned by mothers delicate hands, "did you enjoy that special treat, honey?"

All I could do was nod dumbly as she washed me, I could still sense a lingering fuzziness in my head from whatever she put in the oatmeal, "it was...amazing mother." I was going to ask her why she did it, but I knew it didn't matter.

Getting up, she pulled a towel off the rack, "I'm sorry for making your morning short, but I wanted that to be a surprise, I'll help you with your yard work after my mother leaves." Draping the large towel over her arm she held out her hands and I took them eagerly, lifting me up quickly she wrapped me in the warm towel before I could get cold from the air on my wet skin. As I stood there she used the towel to massage my body and dry my hair. 

After removing the towel she took a moment to appreciate my body. Before she could react I thrust my lips against hers and invaded her mouth with my tongue. She encircled me with her arms and pulled me against her huge breasts. I reached my arms behind her and gently squeezed the soft flesh of her ass. When I released her I could see that her cheeks were flushed and her breathing quickened. "Alright...alright sweety, let's get some clothes on you..."

She didn't move though, she just stood there and continued to stare at me longingly while my cock throbbed in the air. I reached out and gently pinched her two exposed nipples causing her to moan and grip my wrists tightly. Without pulling off my hands she backed out of the bathroom and into the living room in an attempt to get me into the bedroom. When I released her nipples they began to leak in streams down her breasts. "We...(gasp) have to get ready...any minute now..." Getting down on my knees I gently licked her swollen labia and traced my tongue up to her clit. She screamed in pleasure and nearly crushed me with her large body as she collapsed to the floor. 

I continued to pleasure her as she squirmed on the carpet. Her delicious nectar coated my lips and tongue while I forced orgasm after orgasm onto her, "please," she cried, "I need you inside of me." I laid myself atop her large body and slowly inserted my rigid cock into her leaking pussy. When she tried to grip my hips I took her hands and placed them on her fat leaking tits. I began to piston myself into her as she moaned and gasped on the floor. When I felt her fluids gush out onto my crotch she squeezed her tits roughly and screamed as milk squirted out of her nipples like tiny jets.

Her voice devolved into Incoherent moans as I gave her all I was worth, "you gave me this body mother and I intend for it to bring you pleasure."

As I shoved my cock into her to the hilt I pulled her squirting nipple into my mouth and gently bit down with my teeth. Her huge body thrashed about beneath me, nearly sending me to the floor as she cried in pleasure, "oh sweety, sweetheart, honey, please!" She bit her lip as I rutted into her with everything I had, her juicy spasming cunt was like a vacuum as it massaged and sucked at my cock like a sentient creature.

Grinning I began to gently squeeze the smooth soft flesh of her belly, "mother, you're going to get so big aren't you, so full of new life you'll almost explode," I squeezed the flesh of her belly roughly, "your skin will get so tight you'll feel ready to burst."

She wailed as she orgasmed again and against my invading cock, "what...what are you, oh dear....dear, whatever it is....oh I can feel it..." I came with a roar into her sopping pussy and it gobbled up my offer voraciously, her keening wails pierced the air and her back arched. When I was spent I pulled out of her slowly and pulled a cushion off of the couch.

I watched as her stomach began to bulge and rise like bread dough in the oven. Larger and larger it swelled until its immensity nearly reached my waist in height. I gently caressed her tight skin and it was like touching the skin of a drum, "oh sweety, never so big before, so much...so much..." 

When I started to actually become afraid that she would burst I saw eggs began to pop out of her pussy in quick order, each time she would moan in lust and fluids from her pussy would spray out and coat the surface of the egg with her essence. I watched amazed as egg after egg emerged. I felt a large, soft gentle hand on my shoulder but It didn't really register until the eggs finally stopped coming. When I looked up to mother's face she was unconscious but breathing normally.

"I've never seen my daughters get so large, you are certainly amazing Mr. Eric." I turned to see a goddess of a woman standing over me, towering over me, she had to bend her knees and slightly bend over to stand in the living room. Her body was a veritable temple of womanly grace and beauty. Beside her were two more impressive women, but where mother was an example of motherly thickness and health, these were amazons of densely packed muscle and oozing of confidence.

I stood quickly and lowered my gaze, "forgive my appearance, I uhh..."

I felt her large yet delicate hand grip my shoulder in reassurance, "it's quite alright Mr. Eric, this is as good an introduction as any, you may know me as Edora's mother, but I am called Merathora." She turned to one of her escorts and whispered into her ear. Holding out her impressive hand to me I placed my hand in it, my entire hand fit inside her delicate palm, "my companions here will assist my daughter," she gestured to the front door, "shall we?"

I hesitated when I realized I was naked, "umm, I need some clothes."

She smiled at me, "that won't be necessary."

Watching her leave through the front door was quite interesting. She had to drop nearly to her knees and even then she had to lower her head to move through the short and narrow opening. 

When she led me into my front yard I quickly realized what she meant, my house was surrounded by Amazonian guards. Hovering over the street was a large sleek vessel and protruding from its side were glowing steps that led to its interior.

When we made it inside I was impressed by the luxury of it, "please Mr. Eric have a seat." I sat down nervously, not only did I feel naked because of my lack of clothes but I felt naked without mother nearby. She looked at me curiously, but also with a sense of understanding. "You're a very interesting individual, Mr. Eric, I must say that my Daughter, Edora, is very luck to have met you."

I nodded and blushed at her praise, "I feel lucky to have met her as well, she is a very delightful woman, I love her very much."

She smiled and patted the seat next to her wide posterior. I nervously got up and took the seat beside her, "I know you might not want to hear this Mr. Eric but Edora has dealt with many other creatures, like you. She wasn't a mother to just you." I lowered my head and frowned, I felt her large delicate hand touch my chin lightly and bring it up to see her eyes, "she is one of my first daughters and has been around for quite a long time, but I speak the truth to you when I say that I have never seen her this happy before. She loves you dearly, far beyond what's required, you may know that some feelings are instinctive for my daughters, but this goes beyond that, for her it feels real because it is real."

She sighed, "I can't explain it very well Mr. Eric because things like this don't happen very often, not only have you made my daughter incredibly happy, you have given me children that can breed within my own species, I was the last of this colony that could do such a thing. So you see Mr. Eric, I'm very torn right now. If I take you away from her to breed with other humans it would break her heart, but if I let things go as they are, I'll still be forced to mingle on this world for years as we struggle to restore our population and rebuild our civilization." She gently took my hand in hers, "you have given me this chance and I don't want to risk losing it, however, you love my daughter as much as she loves you, I can feel it."

She stood up slowly and as she did the exit stairs illuminated and dropped back to the street. I smiled broadly as mother came into the ship and took me into her arms, she kissed me tenderly on my forehead and presented me proudly to her mother. One of the Amazonian guards came on-board and whispered into Mera's ear, her eyes brightened. She smiled proudly at mother, and caressed her face lovingly with large but gentle hands, "12 eggs, that's the most any have ever given, I'm very proud of you my daughter."

Mother hugged me to her tightly and gazed up at Mera with love and respect, "it's all because of my sweetheart, he's so special."
