 I awoke that morning pressed firmly into the mattress by Tama's heavy body. Her arms were wrapped tightly around me and her legs were squeezing mine together. It felt like I was a teddy bear being hugged tightly. When she awoke she looked down at me. Her eyes were shining bright from the morning sunlight pouring into the room. I moved my head forward to kiss her but she grinned and moved her face away. As I struggled to get closer she would move farther away. With an exasperated sigh I let my head fall back to the pillow. She giggled as she leaned forward and pressed her lips to mine. It was a simple kiss, but the warmth behind her eyes and her smile spoke volumes. Whether she realized it or not, I was gaining ground.

"Sweety!" I heard Mother yell, "time to get up, you're going to be late!"

My eyes flew open at Mother's words. Tama nearly leapt off of me as she hastily got dressed. I jumped from the bed naked and ran into the living room. Julia was standing at the threshold of my door. Her Mother was putting the finishing touches of make-up on her face. Julia blushed when she saw my naked body. I tried to stutter a hello, good morning, anything but I heard Mother's dainty foot stamp down on the carpet, "Eric Dean Haster!" My body tensed up at those words and I rushed quickly into my bedroom. Clothes and shoes were laid out for me. I heard Mother step into the room and she released a frustrated sigh. "I was hoping you would have time to take a shower this morning, Tama kept you up didn't she?" 

Her hands were resting firmly on her naked hips barely covered by her apron. Even when she was angry with me she seemed impossibly sexy and wholesome, "no, Mother, I just overslept."

Her face softened and her posture became more welcoming, "well, I was hoping to make you some breakfast but I'm afraid we don't have the time." She pulled off her apron, revealing her swollen delicious tits. Her milk leaked in small streams down the ivory skin of her breasts leaving tiny dark stains on the carpet as the drops fell. I felt myself drawn to her arms and she pulled me tight against her body. Her moist nipple slipped easily into my mouth and I drank greedily of her nutritious milk. When my belly became full I let the nipple fall from my mouth and licked my lips, "thank you, Mother, that was delicious."

She smirked and rolled her eyes before waggling a finger at me, "compliments won't help you this time, Sweety, I promised Ms. Julia I would have you to work on time." She pinched my stomach, making me squirm and retreat from her hands, "make it up to me tonight, hurry up and get ready, Honey, I'll have your coffee ready for you in a minute."

I smiled at her, "yes, Mother."

She stood there a moment watching me as I dressed as if ensuring herself that I would be as hasty as possible before she nodded with approval and left. As I got dressed I could hear Mother giving the same earful to Tama. It never ceased to amaze me how soft, timid and subservient she became around Mother.

When I finished getting dressed I rushed out into the living room to find Mother standing with her arms crossed around her soft breasts and my thermos in her hand. She was tapping her foot impatiently, "well, its about time, Sweety, here." She handed me the thermos and patted my rear, "out, out, out. I've got work I need to do and I can't do it with you dawdling. If you're late to work I'll never hear the end of it."

My hand was on the door knob and I froze, I turned back around and ran into Mother's arms. I managed to reach up and gently kiss her cheek, making her blush, "I love you, Mother, I'll see you later."

She returned the kiss and ran her fingers through my hair, "I love you too, Sweety," she pinched my cheek and turned my shoulder towards the door, "now get going!"

I arrived in the carport to find the car running and Tama waiting impatiently in the passenger seat. I got in quickly and began the trip to work. As we drove down the highway I turned to see Tama staring out the window. Her arms were crossed under her tits and the seat belt was stretched tightly across her cleavage. "Tama, can I ask you something?"

She turned to me smiling mischievously, "only if you answer one of my questions. Promise me."

I cringed and returned my eyes to the road, "alright fine. I promise."

She giggled and ran her fingers through my hair, "ok, what do you want to know?"

My eyes darted to her and back to the road. "What did you think of me when we first met?"

Her eyes flashed and she seemed suddenly nervous. Her vision returned to the cars passing around us. "I...I thought you would be something more. With all of the talk around you I expected you to be more...impressive. With your little body and soft hands, I couldn't understand why anyone would be so infatuated with you."

I grinned and turned to face her, "and now?"

Her sly smirk returned, "no, Eric, It's my turn." I rolled my eyes and glanced at her expectantly, her expression had become frighteningly serious, "what did Mother Merathora really tell you last night?" My eyes became frozen on the road before me, "Eric, you promised."

I ran a hand through my hair and gripped the steering wheel tightly, "the day I met her and impregnated her, she used this device on me. It switched my mind with one of the Servants." I turned to Tama with a hopeful expression, "I want us to use it. If you switch with a Mother or...maybe Caitlyn, I can impregnate you."

Her face was a mix of surprise, love and fear. Her eyes turned back towards her window and she was silent. Her lips pursed and she turned to face me, "Eric, why go through so much trouble, why am I so important to you?" Her eyes were glistening with tears.

I smiled at her and placed my hand upon hers, "it's my turn to ask the question, isn't it?"

Her eyes narrowed and she flipped her hand to squeeze mine tightly. I had just pulled off of my exit and was not far from my building, "Eric..." I caressed her hand with my free thumb reassuringly, "Eric...," She wiped the tears from her face as she ran her hand through her long black hair, "I've been a Guardian for a long time, twice as long as you've been alive and longer still. I've watched over many people, many creatures. I've never..." 

She hesitated for a moment, "nobody, nothing has made me feel the way I feel about you, I've always just been a thing, a purpose, but you...you make me feel like...I don't know...like I'm something beyond this body." I was going to interrupt her but she continued, "you're fearless, confident, soft, strong, weak." She groaned in frustration, "you make no sense, but, you make me feel like I belong, like this body isn't a curse." She took my hand and pressed it gently to her cheek. I could feel her tears on my fingers as she sighed. At that moment we pulled into the parking lot of my office building.

I grabbed my thermos and checked myself in the mirror, "I'll see you inside, Tam."

She nodded but didn't release my hand. I tried pulling but her grip was strong. She pulled me forcefully into her arms and kissed me deeply and passionately. Her free hand ran over my body and squeezed me here and there. Not enough to cause any pain, but only enough to cause awareness of the power in her arms. "I love you, Eric."

She released me and I fell gasping in my seat. Tama ran her hand through my hair to straighten it and laughed lightly. I turned to her and smiled, "I love you too, Tama." As I left the car and began to walk to the building I turned to see Tama smiling at me.

The moment I sat down at my desk I took a few deep breaths and reviewed the accounts I was working on, Mother wouldn't want me daydreaming at work. As lunch time approached I heard my work phone ringing, "Mr. Haster," I heard my boss say from the other line, "come to my office please."

I cringed, "yes ma'am, right away."

On my way to Julia's office I passed by Tama's post. She was bantering with one of the buildings security guards. As I walked by she looked up and greeted me with a smile. Not enough to seem like we knew each other, but enough to show that she enjoyed seeing me.

Julia's secretary, Laura, didn't say anything, she simply waved at me as I approached and continued through the door. Julia was standing in front of her large window gazing out at the city. She was dressed in a simple business suit that revealed a tasteful amount of her bodies curvature and I remembered how her Mother helped her getting ready when I surprised her with my morning wood. She turned to me smiling, "Mr. Haster, would you like to join me for lunch?"

I heard the door close behind me and gentle hands grasped my shoulders. I was turned around to see the tender face of Julia's Mother smiling down at me. She was noticeably taller than Edora and Ellora but she still had the wide pleasing hips and generous breasts. Her skin was of a tanned amber color and her hair was like honey as it spilled across her shoulders. It draped over the slopes of her tits like silk. Her facial features were almost a mirror image of the other Mothers but her color gave her an exotic look that sent my blood surging. She looked up at Julia as she held my shoulders firmly, "come here, Baby, aren't you going to introduce me?"

She sound of Julia's heels thumped lightly on the carpet of her office as she nearly ran to her Mother's side. Standing side by side, I was amazed at the size difference between Julia and her Mother. Julia wrapped her arms around her Mother's waist and smiled at me, "Mother, this is Eric Haster." The Mother's large delicate hand went from my shoulder to my hand in one smooth motion and squeezed it gently, "Eric, err," Julia shook her head lightly, "Mr. Haster, this is Bena, my Mother."

Bena released me and brought her hand up to Julia's cheek to pinch it lightly, "it's ok if you call him Eric, nobody judges you here." She giggled and patted her ass, "go fetch the basket will you, Baby?"

Julia blushed, "yes, Mother." She ran to the other side of the room and disappeared in a closet.

"So," I heard Bena say, bringing my attention back to her, "that was quite a display you gave us this morning, if I wasn't here, my Baby wouldn't have gotten any work done with that memory playing in her head." She leaned over revealing her deep, generous cleavage and poked my chest with her finger, "I don't care who you are outside of this office. In here you follow my rules, is that clear, mister?"

I nodded and backed away from her prodding finger, "y-yes ma'am."

She placed her hands on her hips and smiled, "good, help my Baby set up our lunch, I'll get the drinks and desert ready."

As I turned I saw Julia carrying a large picnic basket and a blanket. I took the basket from her as she laid out the blanket on the carpet. We were right next to the large window and had a grand view of the city beneath us. As we opened the basket Bena returned with two glasses of sweat tea. She sat down on her legs as she watched Julia reach into the basket and pull out large sandwiches. They were juicy Italian subs with fresh banana peppers and spicy meats. "So m...umm...Eric, how are things going with those accounts?"

I smiled at her as I swallowed a large bite, "I'm doing well, ma'am."

Before I could continue Bena poked Julia in her ribs, "ah um, you can call me Julia, Eric, it's fine."

"Well," I continued, "I should be done by Thursday evening. It depends on whether or not they get their tax issues sorted out in time, I've been trying to get in touch with their office but they've been blowing me off."

Julia chuckled as Italian dressing dripped down her chin. Bena reached over with a napkin and gingerly wiped it up. "Their office can be a pain in the ass, I'll make sure it gets taken care of. I'm sure they'll be more open to your inputs should you need to call again."

I smiled as I crumpled up the wrapper of my sandwich, "thank you, Julia."

Her eyes flashed when I used her first name but they quickly glanced at her Mother and she seemed to calm. We continued to talk about the accounts while Bena went back to Julia's small break room. She returned with two white bowls and silver spoons. She laid them out in front of us revealing vanilla Ice cream sundaes.

As we ate the delicious sweet desert our eyes never left each other. I could see Bena undressing beside us but anything other than Julia's face seemed out of focus and unimportant. She stared at me as well as spoonful after spoonful filled her mouth. Drips of melted ice cream dribbled down her chin to fall on the blanket. As I ate the final spoonful of my ice cream the bowl fell from my hands and my arms fell limp to my sides. While we sat there staring stupidly at each other Bena worked to clean the blanket around us and set everything aside. Her thick juicy ass waving in my face made my mouth water, but only when she blocked my vision of Julia's body.

Bena laid down in front of us so that we were each presented with stiff erect nipple. Her milk leaked down the amber skin of her tits to soak into the blanket. She made a sound with her mouth, like a click and I was drawn to her huge full breasts. I mashed my face into them and sucked her leaking nipple into my mouth. I placed my hands around them as I lay my head on her belly and drank of her milk. As I lay there consuming her sweet nectar her hand worked to undo my pants. "Sit up, Baby." I heard her say, but I knew the command wasn't for me, I simply continued to drink and drink her creamy milk. It flowed across my tongue like silk and no matter how much I drank I simply couldn't have enough. "Sit up, Eric." Her command was like a sharp whistle in my ears that made me obey immediately. She reached over and pulled off my shirt. 

Once I was completely naked she sat up and pulled Julia onto her body. Julia seemed like a zombie as she stared at me. Her limbs hung lifelessly and her lips quivered when she saw me. When Julia was laying down on her back on top of Bena's body I heard her commanding voice again. "Stand up and move in front of me Eric, between my legs." I did as I was told like it was ingrained in my being. Before me was Julia's body laying on her back on top of Bena's huge golden body. She was nuzzling her Mother's huge tits that lay next to her head. Bena pushed one of her tits up, her thick nipple pointed directly at me. "Lay down and join Julia on top of me, Eric." 

I mindlessly crawled onto Julia's body. The moment we made contact with each other her skin sent sparks of lightning through my brain and I shook against her. I could hear Julia's moans through my ears as she squirmed beneath me. Bena thrust her nipple into my mouth and gripped my hips tightly. "So good..." Julia moaned, "you feel so good...Mother...I feel..."

Bena stroked Julia's brown hair softly, "I know, Baby, I know, I need you to help him now, can you do that for me?"

She nodded dumbly as she reached down and tenderly wrapped her fingers around the end of my rigid cock. Pre-cum had been leaking from the tip and helped her fingers glide over my dick. When she pressed me to her entrance the weight of my body followed through to the inside of her deepest warmth. Her arms wrapped around me and she cried in passion. Bena covered her mouth gently, "you need to be quiet, Baby." She slowly removed her hand from Julia's mouth and lowered them to grip my hips tightly. She carefully began working my hips up and down against Julia's body causing my cock to experience incredible pleasure as it raked against her swollen clit. Julia was moaning through her clenched teeth as her nails raked across my back like talons. The whole time Bena's wonderful milk was flowing past my slurping lips in copious amounts and I was having difficulty drinking it all. "Alright, Eric, I need you to cum for me, can you do that?"

I groaned as my cock erupted with such force that it nearly pushed me out of Julia's pussy but Bena had her hands pressed tightly against my ass keeping me buried inside of Julia. As milk spilled down my gasping throat my cock continued to deliver its endless payload. I could feel my hot jizz running down my balls as I filled up Julia as much as she could hold. Even as Bena gripped my cock lightly as she guided me out of Julia I continued to cum onto her hand. She gasped when she plunged my spewing cock into her own slick depths and with her hands now free she pushed her tits together forcing her hot milk rocketing into my belly. 

The intense pleasure of my endlessly spurting dick and the taste of Bena's milk sent shockwaves of electricity through my nervous system and I shook helplessly upon the two bodies of Julia and Bena. The sweet creamy milk of Bena's breasts soon filled my belly and I heard Bena giggling sweetly as gurgling noises issued from my lips. As I fell from their bodies Bena's nipple popped from my mouth and my still leaking dick spit out its last spurts of cum onto my stomach as I was left gasping on the blanket.

I looked over to see Bena supporting Julia's belly as she began to grow. Inch by inch her skin stretched until her huge belly dominated her torso. As soon as her first light blue egg dropped out of her gaping pussy her body began to lift up from the force of Bena's own growing expanse. I watched amazed on the blanket while the two of them released egg after egg from their gasping and squirming bodies. Bena's own belly had become so impossibly huge that she had to gently lift Julia's body and lay her down beside her even while she continued to give birth to her light blue orbs. They would fall down occasionally to the blanket with a gentle thud and the glistening juices that remained on their slick surfaces reflected the sunlight that shown through the window. Their hands would occasionally switch from holding each other, to gently caressing their tight, swollen bellies. They both released sighs of contentment and pleasure as their bodies released the last of their eggs and they simply lay there and gazed lovingly at each other. 

I remained exhausted on the blanket as Bena slowly stood and cleaned up the mess. She picked up the eggs gently and took them into the closet. When she returned to me she knelt down and tenderly kissed my forehead, "thank you for taking care of my, Baby, she really is precious once you get to know her." Bena lowered her head to my stomach and licked up the remaining jizz from my abs. She stood up and giggled at me and Julia. "Get yourself presentable, Eric, I'll take care of my Baby. She's going to send the official notice that she has me taking care of her so we'll tell everyone that Tama is here on her behalf. On your way out let Laura know to hold all calls for a little while, she'll understand."

I stood up groggily and began to dress myself, "yes, ma'am." I did my best to regain my composure and fix my appearance before I left. I looked back to see Julia asleep in Bena's arms as she sat on the blanket. She was whispering into her ear and gently caressing Julia's face. I saw her lips speak the words "I love you," a number of times as Bena rocked her back and forth.

When I left the office Laura smiled at me knowingly, "shall I hold all calls for Ms. Lothrup?" 

I nodded to her as I made my way back to my desk. Sitting upon my keyboard was a slip of paper. It read. "Tesra is going to go home with you today, Caitlyn called and asked me to help her with something so I'll be with her tonight." I scratched my chin and sat up to get a peek across the room. I saw a crown of fiery red hair where Tama used to be. (I wonder if Tesra knows what I look like?) I felt a buzzing from my phone and when I checked my messages I saw one from a number I didn't recognize, "pull off on exit 38, there's a parking lot not far. I'll pick you up there." I looked at the message curiously, I figured it was from Merathora but I didn't know how they would be able to text me. I guess their advanced technology allows them to integrate pretty easily with our own.
