 Before we get started I feel there is something I must clarify. The use of Eric's abilities by the Mother's to impregnate hosts does not have to directly include him. Through the use of their tongues and milk they are able to 'harvest' his essence for use with their own human wards. This partly frees up Eric to enjoy other parts of his strange new life. Included in the tags are Amazonian women who enjoy using their muscles, reproduction, and of course, Mother/Son/Daughter relationships with oodles of lactation.

This chapter is 9 sections long. I apologize if this it too lengthy but I don't have a habit of writing this with Literotica in mind. I do my best to edit it to conform to the websites requirements. I hope that having it split into the nine sections helps the reader in keeping their place and providing a break. Thank you for reading.

Continuing where we left off: Edora was helping Eric get ready for a dinner party with Mother Merathora as well as other guests. Meanwhile, Eric has been doing his best to cope with Tesra's state and the rings on their fingers.

*****

When I opened the back door I was floored by what I saw. Soft lamps shone upon a long white table bearing all sorts of food and drink. Sitting at the head of the table was Merathora. To her left sat Caitlyn and Ellora. Two empty chairs were set to Mera's right for Mother and I. Further down the table sat Julia and her Mother, Bena. Across from them were Tama and Tesra. Everyone was dressed in fine evening wear. They watched as me and Mother approached the table. To everyone's surprise Mera stood and held her hand out to me, "Eric, would you please join us?"

I nervously set my hand in hers and let her guide me to my seat. The table was formed to be comfortable for all of us to a certain extent. I noticed the chairs for me, Caitlyn, and Julia stood a little taller than the others so we could reach the table. Everybody was staring at me expectantly as I sat. "Thank you, everybody. I uhh, well...this is a little unexpected."

Mera chuckled and pat me gently on the back, "I offered to eat inside as you usually would but my daughters wouldn't hear it."

My eyes drifted to Caitlyn and I was left breathless by her beauty. She wore an elegant dress of light blue that flowed about her body like running water. She had just the right amount of make up to accentuate her features. Her deep brown eyes sparkled in the soft lighting. I ached to reach across the table and kiss her, throwing all social grace to the wind. "Caitlyn, you...you look beautiful."

She blushed and pulled at the cloth, "Mother made it for me. Do you like it?"

I realized the table was wide enough for us to hold hands briefly so I stretched it across. She took my hand lightly and squeezed. Her smile melted my heart and I had to take a breath as all air escaped my lungs at the sight of her. "Eric," Mera whispered, "they're waiting for you to say something."

Looking at her nervously I found myself fidgeting with the silverware, "what should I say..." Looking at everyone's smiling and pleasant faces calmed me, yet somehow made me anxious. Everyone expects so much of me, yet so little. What is my worth compared to the beauty and power of this alien species? They are far more intelligent and long lived than I. Tama and Tesra surpass any living human in terms of speed, strength and agility. The Mothers, their love, compassion and beauty are like a drug that never seems to lose its strength. My eyes turned to Mera, the Mother and keeper of her colony. Her wisdom and strength helped me find the confidence I didn't know I had. What am I to them? I used to think I was just a cock, a male for them to give a boost to their population. What changed? Has anything changed?

Standing up I took the shining crystal glass in my hand. "Although I've only known most of you for less than two weeks I feel that I've known you my entire life." I took the glass and gazed at the faces reflected in the facets. "It's hard sometimes for me to imagine having come to this point. One day, being a desk jockey, a grunt with soft hands pecking away at a computer. Now, to this." I sighed and lowered my glass. "Everyone depends on me now, I used to think it was because of my body," my eyes turned to Mera, "because of what I can give you." I stared at her eyes with intensity, "but you know that's not true anymore, is it?" I looked over to Caitlyn, "of all the things I've been gifted with these last few weeks, the gift I treasure most is the rekindling of a relationship that shouldn't have ended. Caitlyn, you look absolutely splendid tonight."

I raised my glass to her and continued, "anyone else could have gotten riches, women, pleasure unending for what I can do for the Andromedans but Caitlyn, all I ever wanted was you." My eyes fell to Mother and I set my free hand on her shoulder, "Mother, I'll never forget the day I met you. You were nervous and knew so little about me, for a while, I thought you were tailored for me. Now, I believe that isn't quite true. You've brought me out of bleakness and given me light. At first, you were supposed to love me and I've come to terms with that, but now, I can't imagine being without you." I tried to stifle a chuckle, "who knows how my laundry would get done." Everyone laughed as Mother gave me a playful pinch.

When everyone calmed down I looked to Tama, she was dressed in a fine military dress. I noticed she had quite a few awards on her breast, "Tama, you've given me a confidence and strength that goes beyond the limitations of my body. Of all things I never expected from you the thing that surprised me the most was to learn of your respect towards me. I'm intimidated by your strength and beauty everyday." I grinned, "I always tell you that I'll win, that I'll beat you." I raised my glass to her, "I won long ago, Tama, your heart is mine." She tensed up, surprisingly Tesra pulled her into her arms.

Turning to Ellora I giggled, "you'll never be my second Mother Ellora, you're too good for that." I sighed and smiled brightly, "Your kind heartedness and humor always blows away the aches and pains of my day. Your beauty and tenderness is like a breath of fresh air and when I'm in your arms, its like a home away from home."

I raised my glass to her before turning to Julia, she looked at me nervously. "Julia, I won't go into any detail about our past relationship, as Mother would say, it doesn't matter." She seemed to calm and smile, "Julia, what I will say, is that working with you is a real pleasure, I look forward to coming to work now in the hopes that you'll call me into your office."

My eyes moved to Julia's Mother Bena in mock nervousness, "Umm...Bena, you didn't make the beverage tonight...did you?"

Everyone giggled except her, she had a stern gaze fixated on me, "just for that little joke you'll get an extra helping come tomorrow."

Everyone laughed, including me. I turned to Tesra, she seemed somewhat nervous. Her mind was clouded. Her thoughts were drifting between the different people in her life, Caitlyn, Tama, and me. "Tesra, over these last few weeks I had the chance to start many things over. Including starting over with you. I have feelings for you, Tesra. Believe it or not you're attractive not just because of your body," I grinned deviously, "though I admit..." My eyes slowly roamed her features, her military dress was less flamboyant than Tama's but it still accentuated the sexiness of her muscular form. Her red hair was done up in a bun, revealing her neck. Her neckline revealed just the right amount of bulging breasts and her arms were barely contained by the sleeves of her uniform. She gasped and bit her lip, "Tesra, your body turns me on, I won't apologize for what I do to you when I stare. I do it to Tama all the time but she can't feel what I feel." I went to raise the glass but I hesitated, my thoughts rolled through all the memories of her and how I feel, "Tesra," I raised my glass, "I want you to be happy, that's all I want. If you want to have a relationship with me beyond this," I raised the ring on my hand, "than that would make me happy too."

"Everyone," they all raised their glasses, "to being happy!"

We all cheered as we filled our glasses and began to drink. I immediately knew that Bena made the drink as it tasted slightly of alcohol and chocolate. Even the three Mothers that were present sipped the drink. As me, Caitlyn and Julia began eating the delicious salad and Steak dinner I turned to Mother, "I thought you didn't need to eat or drink?"

She sighed and rolled her eyes, "well, sweety, we don't need to eat or drink as you do." She hefted her huge breasts lightly, "just as you get sustenance from us, so do we. Anything else we require, we get it from you." She pressed her finger lightly to my chest.

I looked at her curiously, "me? What have you gotten from...oh."

She giggled sweetly, "your dinners getting cold, honey, eat up."

Taking another bite of the steak my eyes fluttered at the taste, there is just something about a medium rare sirloin. "Eric," I heard Mera say, her voice carried a serious tone, "no human has been this adaptive and accommodating towards us." Her eyes glanced at our duplex than back to me, "you and Caitlyn are the first to have their house fitted for my children's comfort, we...I thought you would rebel at that, but you accepted the changes, almost immediately. Nearly every one of my children have to use their," she hesitated, "gifts, to make significant changes to their lives. You, however, and Caitlyn as well, accept everything willingly and without argument." She sighed and leaned back in her chair. She took a sip of her drink before continuing, "you're an enigma to me Eric. I've tested you many times, experimented on your samples aboard my ship, you're human, just human."

I looked upon her carefully as she seemed to ponder my existence, she was dressed simply. She never seemed to wear anything but her shining white robes. She is a queen, of that I am sure. I could see how this species may have been warlike. At times she is overconfident and demanding, yet at other times she can be emotional. "We are more alike than you think, Mera." She scrunched her brow at my comment for a moment, "when I first saw you, I thought you were perfect, like a goddess, that's not the case though I think."

Her brow furrowed, "its very confident of you to say something like that."

"And yet it's something you expect of me isn't it? Not many creatures have been this bold with you or your children have they?"

She chuckled and crossed her arms, "no, Eric, what are you getting at with this? Or do you usually insult your guests in this manner?"

I smiled at her reassuringly, "I apologize if what I said came off that way. There is a saying we have, 'to err is human' it means none of us are perfect, we all make mistakes. But I believe there is a hidden meaning. That we all aspire to perfection and it makes us inherently better for it. In that manner, Merathora, I believe you are perfect." I leaned forward and palmed my drink, "why me, Mera, why was I chosen?"

She sighed, "you were single. You had a past relationship that we could exploit if we healed you." She closed her eyes for a moment, "you were a single child, you lost your true Mother at a young age. There are many aspects of your life that narrowed us down to you, there are others too, that were similar to you. If you weren't receptive to us than it would be a waste of our time and resources. We had no idea that you would become the most valuable asset towards colonization. We were prepared to remain here for generations, over a hundred of your years. Now, I don't know. Like I said, Eric, you changed everything." She looked at me with her beaming eyes, "you said I wasn't perfect Eric, did you mean I am human because I am not perfect?"

I lost myself in her eyes for a moment before I replied, "not exactly, if you truly were perfect I wouldn't have been confident enough to speak with you this way. Honestly, you're probably just as strange to me as I am to you. I believe your kind has flaws just as we humans do, although it makes you more human it doesn't make you human. It's a way of being. To have morality, kindness, compassion, hope, and yes, even flaws. It makes us who we are, all of us." I turned to Mother, "Mother is an excellent cook, but can she make drinks as tasty as Bena?"

Mother giggled and shook her head, "no, sweety, mine don't taste as good."

My eyes drifted across the table, everyone was staring at me, they all had been listening. "Mera, our flaws make us unique. Even your clones are unique in their own ways. Although you are the only original example of your species that I know of, I know for sure that you are unique as well, and that part of you interests me. I want to find out what makes you unique, your talents, your flaws, everything."

She hummed for a moment as she stared at me. "Although I'm flattered at your interest in me, you should know that I can never become attached to you Eric." Her eyes glimmered of sadness, "although I do enjoy the fun we sometimes experience together, I am bound to my mission." She gestured towards everyone at the table, "as these are my children, they all bare some aspects of my character and personality. When you spend time with them, you are learning more about me. You'll have plenty of opportunities to visit my other children, I've already had visits scheduled for you, of course, you have the freedom to refuse."

She took a long draw from her drink and eyed Tesra curiously. "Tesra."

Tesra jumped at her name and nearly ran to Mera's side, "yes, Mother?"

When Tesra kneeled before Mera, she lifted her up gently by the chin. Their eyes locked for a few brief moments. After the awkward exchange, Mera turned to me. "Wednesdays you will spend your lunch break with Julia and Bena, I've arranged visitations during the other workdays. If you are unable to make it for whatever reason, all I ask is you find the time to visit after work, is that alright Eric?"

"I suppose. The only problem though is finding the time during my lunch break."

Mera seemed to dwell on that before turning to Julia, "Julia, it seems Eric might need extended lunch breaks on certain days. Bena will be able to warn you ahead of time depending on where Eric needs to go. Is this acceptable for you?"

Julia seemed a bit surprised at the question, only with prodding from Bena did she speak up. "Y-yea, err...yes, ma'am."

The stern features of Mera's elegant face lightened into a calm smile. She gestured to Tesra to return to her seat before standing. "While I am here, I ask that all of you please treat me as one of you. You've been instrumental in my mission to restore our race, and as such all of you may address me as you do one another." Her eyes scanned the table for a moment, "I have enough power in your world to where I can make you live in near luxury, for the rest of your lives. Yet, I cannot in good mind change your existence so drastically. For a moment, I was concerned that I nearly reached the limit of my influence but instead of rejection, you all have embraced the needs of my children. For that you have my great thanks. If there is anything you need, or want, you need only make the request and I shall do whatever is in my power to bring it to you." She smiled, "limitations withstanding of course."

At this Caitlyn raised her hand meekly, "um, I actually have a request."

Mera raised a curious eye, "oh?"

Caitlyn looked around the table nervously. Mera, taking the hint, reached over and pulled Caitlyn's chair closer so they could whisper to each other. Caitlyn blushed and giggled as hushed words passed between them. Mother poked me in the ribs and whispered to me, "what's something you would want, sweety?"

I sighed as I looked around the table at all the smiling faces. Craning my neck I looked at the house. It's really all I needed to be comfortable. I've never held money to a certain value, I simply appreciated what I had. Now that I was more fit, I realized I could take a trip across the country. Yet, if money wasn't an issue anymore, I could take a trip to another country. The last thing I wanted to do though, was leave this life behind. I would have time in the future to see the world.

I remembered the strange heaviness of the silver ring on my finger and twisted it about. My vision became downcast and I sighed in frustration. "What I want, Mother, is something I don't think Mera is ready to give me."

She gently lifted my chin and gave me her signature smile, "that's one thing Mother Merathora has kept from me, honey. I don't know when or how she plans to speak with you about it, or free you. When she is ready to release the both of you, she will." Mother kissed me gently on the forehead and sighed deeply, as if trying to absorb the frustration in my heart, "I want her to be free too, sweety, but we must obey the wishes of my Mother."

When Edora saw her words had no effect on me she draped her arm over me and squeezed me tightly against her body. Although it was comforting, I still couldn't get the thought of Tesra's imprisonment out of my head. My eyes drifted to her. She was chatting with Tama, but, in some way I knew she was reserved. I could sense it in her thoughts. In her relaxed state she was completely open to me. Her thoughts drifted in and out of different areas. She thought of Tama, of Caitlyn, and me. She still didn't hold me as high as Caitlyn or her sister, of that I could tell. Even with how she has acted, who could say how she would behave at her full potential? Would anything change? Would she still hold me at a pleasant position in her heart? Perhaps she controls her thoughts to accelerate her freedom? Would Mera notice?

"Do you trust her?" My eyes turned to Mera, who was staring at me intently. "I can't see her thoughts as easily as you, Eric. After speaking with you, I know more goes on in your brain than I once gave you credit for. So tell me. Do you trust her?"

I sighed and leaned back in the chair. I knew the table overheard her words and Tesra was surely watching me. Waiting for what I would say. "Yes, Mera. With my life. I trust her."

Her eyes narrowed and she leaned over the table. Her appearance was intimidating. "If she didn't have your well being impressed upon her with the Servants Ring would you still be able to tell me that?"

I closed my eyes tightly. "If you've never given me time to experience who she truly is than I can't tell you that. Take away these rings, than I'll tell you. That's my request."

She sighed in frustration and stood up. "I can't do that Eric. Anything you want, money, cars, luxury, servants..."

In my frustration and anger I interrupted her, "I don't need any of that crap! I need to see who Tesra really is! Not this!"

The force of her hand slapping the table made everyone jump back, "she had her chance Eric! Don't think for the tiniest moment that anything you say can change what I've set in motion! Don't forget who I am or what I'm capable of!"

I roared in frustration and jumped off my chair. As I stormed off towards the house I heard Mera's frightening voice behind me, "don't you dare turn your back on me, Eric!"

Strange electrical impulses sparked through my skin and I felt myself turning. She was controlling me with her voice. I shook and trembled as I tried to break her hold over me. "Merathora...you.." I gasped as her hold on me strengthened.

"Return to your seat, Eric, we're not finished."

My right foot raised slightly, it took all of my willpower to freeze myself yet still speak at the same time through gritted teeth. "M...Mera, you asked (gasp) you asked me once, to...to show you my love for...those...for those close to me...this is it...Mera...this is it."
