 I woke that morning a little sore, but still energized and cheerful. Mother was in the kitchen putting a sandwich and fruit into a paper bag, "good morning honey, breakfast is on the table." I smiled at her and sat down in front of a bowl of oatmeal. When mother caught me looking nervously at her she laughed, "don't worry sweetheart it's fine, eat, eat."

When I finished I sat up and patted my stomach, "that was delicious mother, thank you."

She smiled brightly and handed me my thermos of hot coffee and a bag lunch, "take care sweetheart and work hard for mother o.k.?"

I pressed my body into her and kissed her cheek, making her blush, "I will mother, I love you."

She pat me gently on the behind, "I love you too, sweety, now get going, I won't have you being late for work after missing a day being sick" She giggled when I blushed. She waved her hands in a shooing gesture and I got the message.

I walked briskly outside and saw Tama standing by my car with her arms crossed over her tits. She looked impatient and a little pissed off, "how the hell do you expect me to follow you in this?"

I rolled my eyes and moved the seat back. I heard a frustrated sigh as she crammed her massive body in my tiny coup. The weight of her body made the car lean over to the passenger side and she had to hold her legs to her chest to fit. "Sorry Tama, you could always stay at home."

She turned to me with a cold expression, "not a chance Eric."

She squirmed about while I drove and constantly groaned and complained, "look, I'm sorry my car is too small for you, if I had more money I might get a bigger one for mother and you but until than we're stuck with this so deal with it."

She glared at me and turned her gaze to the scenery, which was pretty much nothing as we were driving down the crowded highway. When we arrived Tama entered the building separately so I wouldn't get a lot of attention.

Even though I was a bit tired and sore, work was generally pleasant. My coworkers reacted a little strangely towards the huge Amazonian woman that now stood guard on the building. I decided to intervene before things got out of control so I decided to talk to my boss, Julia Lothrup, about why she was here.

When I walked up to her secretaries desk, Laura smiled up at me, "Mr. Haster, I was told you might be seeing Ms. Lothrup today. She doesn't have any clients with her so go right in."

She gestured towards the door, I looked to her than to my boss' door nervously but her cheerful demeanor didn't change and I couldn't sense anything other than honesty in her face. I slowly entered the large office to find my boss smiling at her computer and sipping coffee from a large grey thermos. (She was smiling?) When she heard me open the door fully she looked up from her desk and waved at me with her face beaming, "Mr. Haster, please come in."

Her eyes went back to her glowing screen as I shut the door and took a seat across from her. This gave me a chance to gauge her appearance. She used to be quite a piece of work but now? Being in her forties she put her life into her work and it made her hard and calculating, she never really gave me any problems because I always did what was asked of me, she never seemed this happy, or beautiful for that matter. 

Her hair, normally in a tight bun, now fell to her shoulders in full curls. Her eyes were gleaming and hopeful behind her glasses and her happiness eventually affected me. I found myself grinning at her as she finished her work. I watched as she grabbed her computer screen gently and turned it towards me. 

I saw our yearly records that were just released. I recognized many names and mine was at the top, the revenue from my clients never stopped growing as long as I worked there. This didn't surprise me as I worked harder and later than anyone else on the floor, but this was the first time my boss thought to bring it up, "you've been doing very well Mr. Haster," she gestured to my work during the last week, my progress took an obvious though not an unrealistic increase, "even more so recently. Laura also tells me that you've been more up-beat and personable, what happened Mr. Haster?"

I looked at her knowing gaze curiously. Knowing her history of how she treated her subordinates and how she used to dress I realized that she was enjoying a similar experience that I am, I wondered if it was coincidence. I felt confidence rising in me as I smiled, "you look very pretty today Ms. Lothrup, I've never seen you drink coffee either." I looked at her playfully, "how long? A week? Longer?"

She relaxed in her chair and held her hands up to her chin in a calculating manner as she grinned at me, "two weeks." I watched as she leaned forward and tapped her long manicured nails onto the desk, "don't expect me to let up on you, Eric. I've come to expect the best from you." 

She stood up and walked around her desk to stare at me with a soft smile, "I'm happier now, I know you can tell. There are...personal reasons for it that will always remain a mystery to you, I'm trying hard to change, however, I will not let mine, nor anyone else's work fall to complacency, are we clear, Mr. Haster?"

I stood and nodded, "yes ma'am." I felt a smile creeping into my features, "mother wouldn't allow it anyways."

Her posture became relaxed and she chuckled at me, "I know what you mean, Eric," she shook her head sending her brown curly hair flowing around her shoulders, "Mr. Haster, I know we share something special in common, and my...mother, told me to expect our new guardian, however, in the presence of your coworkers you are not to tell anyone about what we spoke of today, as far as anyone should be concerned she is here to learn about human behavior."

I nodded, "of course."

She stood there for a moment, squinting her eyes and tapping her fingers to her thigh as she usually does when she's in deep thought, "I know you're scheduled for the promotion board next month. I was going to hold you back so that you can finish the Ardvire accounts, but now I think I'll just push the board meeting back another week. Finish those accounts Mr. Haster. You're dismissed."

Before I made it to the door I heard her call for me, "oh, and Mr. Haster, see if you can get your friend into my office so we can talk, I need to know what to expect from her."

I smiled at her, "yes ma'am."

When I left the office I smiled at Laura and made my way into the cubicle farm. I could see Tama's black hair above the walls. As I approached I saw she was bantering with two young interns so I stopped at the water cooler and watched. After a while they left and I took the opportunity to talk with her, her face brightened when she saw me. 

I looked around to make sure nobody was watching before I approached her. "This place is so boring," she said as she turned to me and gave me an evil glare, "I swear if these idiots keep hitting on me I'll make sure they're limping back to their desks."

I rolled my eyes at her, "my boss wanted to have a word with you in her office, her secretary should let you in."

She eyed the opposite wall curiously, "Julia Lothrup."

My eyes opened wide in surprise, "yeah, I guess you know about her already?"

She smiled at me, "In a manner of speaking. We are aware of all those who help us in some way. We don't want to...as you say...step on each other's toes. With that said I'll speak to her, but I must speak with her mother directly before I decide to" she grinned diviously, "interact beyond introductions."

I chuckled at her word choice and realized that if I lingered any further people might get curious, or jealous, "well, if her mother doesn't have a problem with it than you have my consent, just don't do anything to make her backlash come my way."

She grinned at me deviously, "I'll make sure that won't be the case."

A few moments after I returned to my desk I could see the jet black crown of Tama's head walking passed the isles towards Julia's office.

As I continued working on the Ardvire accounts I sensed my cell phone buzz in my pocket. When I looked at it I saw Caitlyn had texted me, "hey Eric, sorry I missed u last night, they had me working late to get ready for the grand opening of their new store, lets hook up tonight, I heard u were feeling better."

I smiled and texted her back, "sure thing babe, want to catch the poetry reading tonight?"

After a few moments she replied, "that sounds great, I'm getting out early today because of last night, I'll see u when u get here."

I was anxious and excited the entire ride home. It had been a few days since me and Cat were able to spend some time alone together and now that I was out of my funk I was hoping I could make it up to her. I realized Tama was being awfully quiet next to me. "What did my boss say?"

Tama turned to me, her lips curled into a sly grin, "oh, she wants me to have dinner with her and her mother."

I took my hand off the steering wheel and rubbed my eyes, "I hope she knows what she's getting into."

Tama chuckled, "actually, I think she'll fare better than you, she can be a cold bitch, breaking her won't be easy."

I snickered, "well, don't go getting me fired because of your antics." She raised her eyebrow at me and moved her large hand over my thigh. Almost her entire hand fit around it and she began to squeeze. "Tama," I gasped, "I'm driving." She used her powerful hand on my leg to control the gas and used her free hand to grip the steering wheel tightly.

When I took my hands off of the steering wheel she squeezed my leg powerfully, making me groan in pain and put them back. "Who's my little plaything, Eric?"

I didn't answer her as she leaned over and attempted to lick my cheek. I avoided her slick organ as I struggled to regain control of the vehicle. She kept her eyes on the road and controlled the car through me as she began to run her large hand up my thigh. Her hand on the steering wheel moved to cover my own and she put pressure on it. "Tama..." I groaned.

She dug her nails into my thigh causing me to gasp. She used my moment of weakness to thrust her tongue against my cheek and lick me in languid strokes, tasting my skin. "Mmm...Eric...you taste so good." Her tongue began to run over the sensitive skin of my neck as she massaged my tender thigh rhythmically. Her hand left mine from the steering wheel and gently pushed my left cheek, forcing me to face her. 

As soon as her lips touched mine I temporarily lost my self control and let her manipulate me. "Who's my plaything?" Her hand left my thigh and gripped my short hair tightly. Her tongue thrust into my mouth and dominated my own. I tried to reach out for her breast but she reacted quickly and gripped my hand tightly. When I struggled she would squeeze, grinding my knuckles together. I yelped in pain but the sound was muffled by her lips.

My other hand left the steering wheel and she didn't hesitate in trapping it in her powerful grip. In a last ditch effort I pulled myself away from her but she was ready. In a blur of movement she wrapped her arms around me and pulled me against her body. In the cramped car I was imprisoned by her powerful arms. She squeezed me tightly against her body, forcing the air from my lungs. When I would gasp for air she would release me and allow me to catch my breath. Laughing, she unzipped her body armor revealing her huge smooth tits and she thrust my face against them. 

Her nipple was jammed against my eye and her smooth flesh prevented me from breathing. When I struggled against her she pulled my head away allowing me a moment of rest. Again she pressed my face to her tit. She did this a number of times until eventually her nipple passed my lips and I could taste the dense swollen flesh on my tongue. I was going to bite down but somehow she realized the danger and pulled me away again. "Who's my plaything?"

I groaned and struggled as she held me tight. Her face was flushed and she was grinning stupidly, I could smell the scent of her inflamed lusts within the tight confines of the vehicle. She was winning and she knew it. "I'll win eventually, Tama."

She laughed and pressed her large hand to my crotch. I gasped as she began to squeeze and release...squeeze and release...again and again and again. My arms fell helplessly to my sides as she used me. "Eric...say it..."

She used her free hand and wrapped it around my neck. She squeezed that too, in the same releasing and compressing rhythm. When I gasped for breath she would squeeze my cock through my pants, "Tama (ACK) Ta...(ACK)...I...Erk..."

She pulled me closer to her, "what's that, Eric?"

My body shook as she squeezed me faster and faster, "AGH...I...I'm...your..HNNGG...your plaything..."

She deftly undid my zipper and pulled my pants and boxers down to my knees. My cock throbbed into the air and had become slick from the pre-cum oozing from the tip, "you like it when I beat you don't you Eric? That's why you lose isn't it?" She moved forward and let her hot breath flow over my enraged cock, "I'll win every time and you'll love me for it, you're my plaything Eric...my little toy..." She extended her long tongue and let it pass over the tight skin of my hardness, her free hand wrapped around my length completely and began to gently squeeze it.

Just when I reached the point of no return she released me completely and I fell down against her body, never reaching the orgasm denied to me. The car door opened and I looked up groggily to find us resting in a vast white room. A tall slender woman had her hand open in a welcoming gesture, "welcome, Mr. Eric, to the Mothership."

When the beautiful woman helped me out of Tama's grasp and into the strange room, I stumbled, my body still a little weak. The woman giggled innocently, "we'll have some help for you in a moment, until then please relax and make yourself welcome, there are many who would love to meet you." I looked up through clearing vision and took a good look at her. She looked eerily similar to the mothers and guardians but she seemed somewhat...normal, if such a thing could be said about the clones. 

She had long blonde hair that flowed in waves down to her ass and though she wore a flowing white robe I could see the silhouette of her curves beneath it. She wore no make-up but would not have needed it. She had the same natural elegance and beauty like all the others. She looked down at me and smiled, "I imagined you would be curious about me. Not many humans have seen my model. I am a Servant, my name is Andra. Myself and others like me maintain the ships navigation, equipment and personnel. I'm to assist you during your stay."

I took a deep breath and managed to stand up straight. My body already recuperating after it's ordeal. I turned around to see Tama standing outside of my car, staring at me. "Why am I here?"

The woman pressed her hand to my shoulder gently, "Mother Merathora wishes to see you, I know not why, but I obey all the same."

I scratched my chin, (was this about what happened last time on board her ship?). I looked around the large room. With my vision cleared I realized it was a large bay for accepting aircraft and such. Everything seemed immaculate. "Why is everything so clean on your ships?"

She smiled at me, "we must maintain cleanliness for our operations to succeed. Contamination during the cloning process could be disastrous."

As I thought on what she said I saw another servant woman, a carbon copy of the one before me, arrive with a glass of a milky colored substance. Andra, the one I was speaking to took it off of the tray and handed it to me. "This will rejuvenate you."

I looked at her and the glass questioningly but eventually I sipped the cool drink. It was like mother's milk but...plain. In any case it worked as advertised. I felt refreshed and energized. When I finished she gently took the glass from me and placed it on the tray. The other woman bowed subserviently and walked back from where she came. "Now," Andra said, "let us go, Mother is waiting."

She held my hand snugly as we walked through the halls. They were all built for the tall stature of the alien women. When we would pass by voluptuous mothers or the muscular guardians they would all stare at me longingly. "All those who serve know you, they are not jealous, but they long for you." She looked down at me with a deep smile, "they would have you if you let them."

I watched as we passed by and I saw that she was right. It wasn't jealousy or envy just...need. I looked up at my guide. "And you?"

She smiled, "no, not me Mr. Eric. I find pleasure in service."

I looked at her beautiful elegant body and felt myself stir, "but you're so beautiful."

She smiled and blushed, "my purpose is to serve you, your pleasure is mine while you are here. It is my task."

I frowned, "and if I am sad?"

Her face softened, "than I am sad." She looked up at a large door that swished open quickly, "she waits for you inside. My task is done."

I turned to thank her but quickly realized what she meant before. She was on her knees and gasping for breath. Her long well manicured fingers were plunging into her pussy. "Please Mr. Eric," she gasped, "don't keep her waiting."

I walked into the large room and it quickly reminded me of a palace. Large pillows adorned every corner and although the light was synthetic it cast soothing tones across the plain white walls. 

I saw Merathora laying upon the pillows, naked in her massive glory. Her hand was gently gliding over her moist lower lips and she stared at me longingly. The door closed automatically behind me and she beckoned me to her with her eyes. They bore into me like hot daggers of lust. Her body was coated in a sheen of sweat and her free hand was pinching and pulling her large nipple roughly. "Eric..." As she stood to her full glory I fell to my knees.

From behind a wall another tall beautiful servant entered the room. Her expression was blank, almost robotic. Atop her head was a strange silver diadem with a glowing jewel at its center. When my eyes lowered I was stunned to see a huge cock thrusting from the clone's crotch, "please understand, (gasp) Eric...you could never satisfy me...the way you are...I need your...pleasure...I need your love."

Mera picked up a similar crown but in a smaller design and carried it over to me. I was helplessly entranced by Mera's size and beauty as she placed the smaller crown atop my head. As soon as she slipped it on, my body collapsed. She picked me up tenderly and carried me to the cushions of her throne.

I felt a faint buzzing sensation in my brain and in my skin. My vision grew dark...

I awoke standing up and looking upon Mera, she wasn't quite as tall as I remembered. My eyes shot open when I saw my human body sleeping on the cushions. It was then I sensed the all encompassing need of my huge cock. 

As control over this new body increased so did the feelings of pleasure and lust. My hands pressed to my huge tits and I gasped at the sensation and fell to my knees. Mera walked over to me and picked me up easily as I caressed my new body. My huge, nearly two foot long cock rested against my smooth feminine stomach and twitched occasionally as I pinched my large sensitive nipples.

Mera laid me down on the soft pillows and straddled me. I gasped and moaned as she ground her sopping twat against my massive dick. "Eric..." She was facing my prostrate body as she rubbed her swollen clit against my cock. Even as her fluids gushed against me her eyes never left my human body. "Though...(gasp)...though I may not be able to...enjoy you fully...at least you can enjoy me." She lowered her torso down and draped her colossal tits across my head. I felt her hands carefully wrap around my engorged rod and press it to her moist cave. Ever so slowly she lowered herself, "yes...Eric...show me your love...show me what my daughter feels..."
