 Lust swelled within Father Jerom Noeb. He thought he was beyond such earthly feelings; prided himself on being chaste with even the most attractive women from the church. He hadn't dwelt on thoughts of sex in several years and certainly hadn't lusted for a woman in even longer. 

Now that unfamiliar burn threatened to consume him. He looked at the woman standing in the doorway and melted into her big brown eyes. It was her eyes. Evil incarnate floated just below the surface. Lust, desire, and sex swirled in a maelstrom of sin. He pulled his gaze from those smoldering eyes and let it drift down. If only he could avoid those eyes. No, it was more than just her eyes; it was everything about her. The simple cotton blouse she wore, black with red lace tucked into an equally simple black pair of cotton slacks; her long black hair; the fullness of her lips, everything about her exuded demure sex.

Glasya Suden smiled at him, looking down quickly when she caught his gaze, then rolling her eyes up to look at him again. That simple look, so innocent yet seductive, set his heart quivering. His words, rehearsed so many times, caught in his throat preventing him from speaking.

"Father, is there something I can do for you?" Her voice carried a sultry tone that stole the breath from his lungs.

He stood shaking for a long moment. She waited, her body swaying back and forth like a serpent being charmed. Finally, his training rescued him and he managed to repeat the Lord's Prayer silently several times restoring his composure. 

Forcing a weak smile onto his face, he spoke, "I'm here.... I mean.... I came by to see you." The words were wrong and he felt the heat rise in his cheeks. Her eyes held his, keeping him from looking away. He took a deep breath and started again. "You came to our parish this past Sunday. I got your name and address from our visitors role." It came out too fast, and again he blushed.

"Very nice of you to come by." Her smile calmed him, soothing his shaking nerves. "Please come in. Can I get you a coke?" The soft lilt of her smooth south Texas accent drew him through the doorway into her apartment.

"I won't take up much of your time."

"Oh don't be silly. Actually, I'm new in town and feeling a little homesick. Maybe a friendly visit is just what I need." She touched his hand, leading him across dark carpet to the black leather couch.

"If you're sure I'm not intruding." 

He looked around at the odd furnishings in the room. It was clear, even to him, that the room was coordinated, but the designer must have been depressed. Or psychotic. All the furniture was black, painted steel and leather. A darkly enticing abstract painting hung on one wall and, unable to resist, he moved over to study it. 

"Do you like it?" Her voice was soft and so close that he started. Turning quickly, he found himself too close to her warm curves. 

She didn't step back, just stood, with lips slightly parted, waiting for his answer.

"It's... disturbing. Who painted it?"

She smiled at his discomfort and lifted a glass filled with a dark fizzing liquid to him. "I did, years ago."

"Oh." He took the glass as the painting recaptured his attention. 

Its lines seemed to draw him in, red and black swirling together, sucking his soul away. Erotic shapes, hinted at in the abstract pattern, floated and weaved their way into his mind. For just a moment the painting seemed to come alive. New shapes formed and moved together in a sensuous dance that was obscenely thrilling.

He closed his eyes, forcing his mind away from the painting. Taking a sip from his drink, he found himself relieved it was only coke, and he let his mind concentrate on the cold sweetness for a moment. Finally, he lowered the glass and felt his arm brush the soft roundness of her breast. Electric fire shot through his mind and he nearly dropped his drink. Looking down at her, he found her face still upturned. 

The clinking of ice told him that he was trembling. How could he be feeling like this? He was a man of God. But his body betrayed his pious thoughts. Instinct told him he needed to get out of the house, but he didn't want to leave. He stepped back, increasing the distance between them slightly. If only she weren't so sexual. If only he could concentrate. He forced himself to take a deep breath.

"Are, are you looking to join our church?" He asked, fumbling for some way to salvage his dignity.

"Hmmm," it was an erotic moan. She turned to face him, moving close again. "Do you think I'd fit?"

Her breasts touched his chest and her hand slid down his arm. Fingers, icy tendrils on his hot flesh, touched his skin, burning in his mind like brimstone.

"You, you'll find we are a friendly congregation. We have many single activities." He stepped back feeling the hot steel of the low coffee table press against his calves.

"Seemed a little cool when I was there. Perhaps they don't have my," she paused dragging one finger up his chest, circling the buttons on his shirt, "passion for life." She spun and walked away from him. Her tight leather pants drew his eyes to the exciting curve of her ass.

Jerom shook his head, feeling confused and lightheaded. She hadn't been wearing leather before, had she? Must have been. Her clothes fit the room perfectly, almost as if her clothes and the furniture were an expression of her mood. 

"I'm sorry, I've been a terrible hostess. Would you like to sit?" She sat on the couch and patted the seat next to her.

"I, I really should be getting back." He looked around, his head in a confused fog. The door wasn't where he remembered it. He searched. There it was, on the other side of the room. He would have to pass the painting. He hesitated, then started toward it but only took two steps before her voice stopped him.

"Oh, I was hoping you would stay, for a little while." Her voice was soft, warm, and inviting.

He stopped and turned back to her. The leather clothes were gone. Back was the simple cotton. The couch, which had been something from a Marquis de Sade garage sale, was now contemporary, still black, but soft and inviting. He blinked and shook his head, something was wrong here but she seemed so nice and he had a duty to the church, especially in these days of declining attendance. 

He managed a smile. "If you're sure I'm not disturbing you?"

"Not at all. Please sit." 

He sat beside her, two feet of couch separating them. A small drop of perspiration dripped into his eye making him blink. The room wasn't hot, but his brow was wet with sweat. There was something about this woman, this room. He lifted his drink to his lips and let the cool liquid fill his mouth, savoring its sweet flavor, using it to help him relax.

"So tell me about the singles groups in your church."

"Well two Saturdays of each month we get together and go out for pizza. It's really a fun time."

"Mmm, sounds lovely," she yawned. "Do you go on all these little outings?" 

"Not all, but I'm usually there."

"At least all that pizza hasn't hurt you. You must work out regularly." She put her hand on his leg, just above the knee. 

She hadn't moved and neither had he, but now they were sitting very close to each other, their legs almost touching. What was happening? Was it him? Was he imagining all this? Perhaps a dream or maybe fever. He could feel the heat of her hand through his slacks, almost burning him, flooding his body with desire. God help him, he wanted this woman. It must be guilt for his wicked feelings making him hallucinate, he decided, but right then it didn't matter. 

Her hand slid up his leg, touching his thigh. "Mmm, yes your muscles are nice and firm." Taking his drink, she sat it on the table. Turning her head, she leaned into him until their lips met.

All thoughts of church and duty fled his mind. Desire and lust filled his mind, spirit, and soul. He kissed her, lifting his arm around her and drawing her tight into him. Opening his mouth, he felt her tongue slip between his lips, warm, sensuous, and wet. Tongues entwining and lips pressed passionately together, she leaned forward forcing him back onto the wide bed. Her bare breasts hung above him bringing the realization that he too was nude.

"Do you want me?" Her voice had lost all its Texas accent, sounding like a purring cat.

He looked up at her. Black hair flowed out from her beautiful face as if a fan were in front of her, and small delicate horns had sprouted just above her forehead. Her skin gleamed in the smoky red light of the bedroom and he knew without a doubt his soul was in peril. He put his hands on her bare shoulders, feeling her heat nearly scorch him. He needed to push her away, needed to close his eyes. He reached deep into himself for the strength to refuse, but it was not there. Collapsing under her, tears flowed from his eyes.

"Yes, I want you. I need you." Raspy and harsh his voice surprised him, but he knew it was the truth.

"Will you give your soul to have me?"

His eyes widened and he knew what she was. "No, God help me, I can't," he wept.

"Yes, call to your God. He cannot help you now. I can give you what you need. I can give you eternity."

"No, please, no." His voice was losing its power, whispering out between his lips like a dying breath.

"Would you rather serve in heaven or rule for all eternity?"

"I, I can't."

"Take me. Here and now, you want me and you want what I alone can give."

He looked into her face, so beautiful. He wanted her, needed her, needed what she offered. "Yes! God in heaven help me. Yes!"

She smiled and leaned down over him giving his lips a quick sharp bite. 

"He will never help you again, but you will have power and pleasure you never dreamed possible."

Raising back up, she sat on him, sliding his cock into her wet pussy. She ground down on his hard shaft, pulling almost off and then driving down again. Above him she laughed, long and full, a joyous cruel sound. His eyes were drawn to her mouth, long sharp teeth flashed behind soft lips. She smiled down at him.

"I will give you carnal delights you have never known. And when we are done, you will take your pleasure where you want. This world will be your playground."

A new set of hands touched him and he looked to the side. Another woman, red skinned but beautiful in naked splendor, smiled and leaned forward. Her long forked tongue flicked out and danced over his nipple causing him to gasp from the intense sensation. Moving like a feline she slid forward dragging her full soft breast over his lips. He tasted her nipple; its salty softness surprised him. Drawing it into his mouth, he let his teeth gently bite it as his tongue explored the texture. 

She pulled back, stretching her breast until he released it. Licking down his chest over his stomach, she worked her mouth down toward his cock, sliding in and out of Glasya's fevered sex. The red-skinned woman's long tongue stretched out, flicking over his shaft as Glasya lifted up, dancing over her clit as she came down again.

Another tongue touched his other nipple and he spun his head around. A black skinned woman crouched by his side, smiling at him, her face full of sex and cruelty. She turned her attention back to his chest, her impossibly long tongue caressing his sensitive skin as her fiery fingernails scratched delicate lines up his stomach. Focusing on the nasty erotic pleasure of the orgy, he shut his eyes and softly moaned. 

One of the women straddled his face, lowering her shaven pussy down onto his mouth. The sweet musky scent of her sex filled his nostrils as he tasted her nectar. His hands moved of their own volition, sliding up her legs and onto the firm curves of her perfect ass. Sliding his tongue deep into her wet hole he drank her juice, sharp and pungent but immensely desirable. He opened his eyes, seeing only soft red skin. The small puckered hole of the woman's ass beckoned to him, and he slid his tongue back, letting it skirt her dark circle before plunging up into her. 

Above him, she hissed, a sound like two snakes fighting. He moved a finger to press against her dark hole, pushing it in slowly. A second finger slid inside her, eliciting a wail of sexual desire. His tongue slid back down over her wet pussy. Juice poured from her slit, covering his chin and dripping down his neck. She leaned forward bringing her swollen clit within reach of his lips and he took it. Sucking it into his mouth, he bit gently, rapidly flicking his tongue across the burning nub. 

Both women on him increased their tempo, keeping time with each other. Glasya bounced on his cock in frenzied abandon and the red-skinned woman ground her pussy down on his face in perfect, furious rhythm. Struggling to stay with them, he pounded his fingers into the red-skinned woman's ass, showing no mercy and knowing she wanted none. 

The black woman sucked his nipple into her mouth, biting it and using her long tongue to give him new delight. Her hot hands slid over his body, stimulating him with each light stroke. He slid one hand down her body, cupping her heavy breast in his hand. She growled into his chest and bit him harder, causing a sharp, pleasurable pain. 

He knew he was near climax and held back, wanting the orgy to last forever. The three women gave him no rest. Riding his cock, Glasya contracted her pussy around him, massaging his shaft with her powerful muscles and pushing him over the edge. He came deep into her and felt the red-skinned woman explode in her own orgasm, drenching his face with her fluids. He thrust upward and felt another spasm rock his body, then he collapsed and rested. Tears for what he had lost poured from his eyes, but his mind wondered at what he had gained.

**********

Father Jerom Noeb watched the young woman slip from the congregation and down to the altar. His soulless eyes drank in her innocent beauty and his lips curled into an evil sneer as he made his way to her. Kneeling beside the weeping woman, he put his arm around her in false consolation.

"Father, I am so ashamed. I have sinned, had terrible thoughts."

"It will be all right my child. Come to my office and we'll discuss your sins."