 Continuing where we left off in Chapter Five. Eric has become Edora's biological son and Tama's sister, resulting in various changes to their bodies.

In the previous chapter I introduced a particular change to Tama's body that some might consider to be Futanari. It wasn't my intention to have it be construed as a true penis. I tried to have it seem to be a tentacle-like tongue, much like the ones from their mouths only a bit less nimble due to its thickness and density. She doesn't create 'cum' as it were, but a similar juice that comes from their tongues. I chose not to add Futanari as a tag for this reason. If you are easily confused, or disgusted by anything that even barely resembles a cock thrusting from a woman's vagina, than consider this a warning. 

-----------

"We've got about 10 minutes Eric," her eyes glinted of mischief and desire, "that's all the time I need."

"Oh god..." I tried to struggle out of her grasp but she held me tightly to her taut abdomen and squished tits. She began to laugh as she started to squeeze harder and harder. I could feel her pussy-tongue through her shorts wriggling about. I looked down, and to my horror...and excitement I saw her two foot length push itself out of her tight black shorts and shove them down her legs. Though not as dexterous as the tongue in her mouth, this one had just enough maneuverability to bypass Tama's clothing.

She smiled with confidence as she set me down on the pavement and moved back a few steps. My eyes were locked onto her pussy-tongue. Its pink engorged length dripped her juice onto the concrete and the scent of it steadily worked its way into my head and addled my brain. The moment I fell to my knees and let my drooling mouth hang open she moved closer and let her writhing muscle lick about my face, smearing it with her juice. The smell was so unbelievably pungent and exquisite I let my new longer tongue flow from my mouth and wrap around her organ. 

My hands began to desperately stroke my cock through my pants as the taste and scent of her fluid made me helplessly aroused, yet submissive to her two foot length. It slowly wrapped itself around my neck and managed to constrict itself around me, controlling my breaths. 

When her tongue slicked off my neck like an oiled snake I felt another body next to me and saw slender feminine hands begin to stroke Tama's thick tentacle. I knew I should be concerned, but Tama's body and writhing muscle dominated my thoughts. With the strange woman's help we knelt on either side of Tama's twitching organ and started to frantically pleasure it every way we could imagine. It tasted so good!

Through the sound of slurping lips and pleasured moans I heard Tama groan as her pink, thick tentacle throbbed against our faces and began to erupt her sweet narcotic fluids all over the parking lot. We looked down at the young woman apologetically but she was still too far gone and lost in her own pleasure to register the fact we were still there. Through the fog in my head I heard Tama's voice. "We...we need to go..." Tama gripped my shoulder firmly and began to pull me towards the elevator. I noticed her pussy-tongue pull itself back into it's moist lair before she pulled her black shorts up. Just as we made it to the elevator we turned back and to our astonishment we saw more women of varying ages and ethnicities arrive and start to lick up Tama's juice.

After a few moments in the silent elevator I finally spoke, "holy shit, Tama we need to be more careful."

We locked eyes for a few moments until we both started to chuckle which soon developed into full blown guffaws. When the elevator neared our floor we slowly calmed ourselves and smoothed out the wrinkles in our clothes and hair. When the elevator dinged for my floor I reached up and twisted her nipple roughly causing her to squeal seconds before the doors opened revealing a multitude of faces waiting for the elevator. I didn't wait to see how she would react when she followed me. That's not quite true really, I didn't WANT to see her reaction. I knew her expression would most likely scare me half to death.

The moment I sat down at my desk the phone rang. I heard the stern voice of Julia on the other end. [Mr. Haster, see me in my office please.] I suddenly shivered when I realized she might know what happened in the parking lot. (Shit, I'm in trouble) I nervously got up and headed towards Julia's office. When I passed by Tama I noticed her angry glare burning down on me.

Laura, Julia's secretary, smiled sweetly at me as I made my way inside. I entered with the thought of being in trouble for what Tama and I did, but my fears dissolved when I saw Julia sitting comfortably in her Mother Bena's lap while she pecked away at the keyboard. She was giving me her bright smile and gestured towards the chair in front of her desk.

"Eric," Bena said sternly, "I know what happened downstairs." When Julia looked up curiously from her monitor Bena caressed her cheek and turned her vision back to the screen. "We haven't received any calls, complaints or anything. Once your," she giggled to herself, "once your mess was cleaned up they simply walked away and seemed to have no idea what had happened, including your new friend." This made me chuckle.

Julia turned her head and I saw a jealous glare in her eyes, "who?" Bena smiled tenderly while she tickled Julia's sensitive ribs. "Nobody, Baby, don't worry about it." 

Julia was squirming and giggling while trying to force Bena's tickling fingers away, "oh (haha) Momma (heehee) not in front of Eric!"

Bena stopped tickling her and glared at her, "excuse me?" 

This appeared to bring Julia down a notch and she seemed to shrink in Bena's arms. "Please, Mother..." 

Bena's face returned to her loving tender expression as she pulled Julia tightly against her soft breasts. "That's better, Baby." Julia sighed and let herself be cradled in Bena's arms. 

"Mother?" Bena leaned over to listen to Julia's whispers. 

Soon, Bena smiled and let Julia sit up on her lap and go back to the computer, after a moment Julia turned to me with a smile. "Eric, please get a box from the supply cabinet and get your stuff together." This statement frightened me for a moment. "Once you have everything, Laura will show you your new office." 

Julia's statement seemed to surprise Bena, "Baby? What's going on?" Julia looked over at me and snickered at my stunned expression.

"Well," Julia said smoothly, "I talked with the board about you and they said waiting for the meeting next month isn't necessary. They were quite impressed with your work on the Ardvire accounts and we hoped you can work directly under me by monitoring all the accounts and directing quality control. Congratulations, Eric, you've been promoted." She stifled a giggle as I ran my fingers through my hair and tried to absorb what she said. "Let me know when your office is set up, I plan on taking off after lunch and you're more than welcome to join me. Mr. Assistant Director."

I felt slender fingers on my shoulder and turned to see Laura's smiling face. "I'll show you your new office."

"Uhh..." She didn't wait for a coherent reply, she just pulled me out of the office by my hand. Once we were back into the cubicle farm, I followed Laura only a few doors down to a newly refurbished office. My name was already on the door on an embossed plate. Mr. E. Haster. Assistant Director.

Laura opened the door for me and gestured inside. When I walked inside I heard Laura close the door behind me. "We've already got your computer accounts and relevant data on storage for when you login. You'll find supplies you might need underneath the coffee station." She walked to the back and pulled back the blinds, revealing a view of the city below. "On the desk there is a folder, it contains whatever information you might need. Contact information and so on. I believe Ms. Lothrup is going to go over the details of your promotion this afternoon."

I nodded, still unable to fully grasp everything that's happening. "Yeah, uhh, that's right."

She chuckled sweetly and moved to exit before turning around. "Oh and, Eric."

"Yea?" I was just checking out the desk chair and searching the drawers. 

When I looked up at her she had approached the desk and set her hands on the edge. She was leaning over which gave me a view of her moderate cleavage through her blouse. I've never considered my acquaintance with Laura as anything close to sexual. Though she is a cute, short haired brunette with a pleasing smile, her position close to my boss meant she was always off limits to employees. Not that I'd have a chance either way, she was always out of my league. "Can I ask you something, Eric?"

I sat down on the chair and admired its comfort. "Sure, Laura, go ahead."

To my surprise she moved behind the desk with a confident air and sat down on my lap. She leaned back and let her arm drape over my shoulders while she pressed her pleasing chest to mine. "Why are you trying to keep you and Tama a secret, almost the whole building knows about you."

I cringed and placed my hands on her hips to lift her up but when I did she shifted her body and straddled me. "I've seen what you can do to Julia, Eric."

My eyes raised to hers, "and I suppose you want me to do that to you?"

She giggled sweetly and let her cheek press into mine. I could smell her fruity perfume and conditioner. "Apparently you want to, so what's stopping you?"

I realized what she meant when her hand grazed my hardness through my pants. "Yea, I do, but I can't do it here. What about Julia?"

Laura grinned. "She didn't tell you? Bena's been pumping me full of eggs in her office during my break times." At that her pleasing lips pressed against mine and lingered there for some time. 

Just when I tried to grasp her body and advance the experience further she broke away and got off my lap. I had to laugh as I rolled my eyes at her. "I knew you were a tease with the way you smile at me everyday."

Her eyes flickered of mischief and she smoothed her blouse and skirt. "I've seen the way you look at me when you think I won't catch you." She let her eyes roll over my body, covering me with her gaze like a curtain. "I've looked at you too, your Mother made you hot." 

I felt bite of anger hit me and I gestured towards the door, "thanks Laura, its good to know that's all that mattered to you." 

That seemed to hurt her feelings. "You know I could never get involved with you or anyone else on the floor. Before Julia met Bena all I could do is look but not touch. You know how frustrating it is to see you everyday, smiling at me and being a gentleman when all I could do is nod and wave?"

"You wouldn't have bothered with me anyways, not the way I was." 

She crossed her arms and glared at me. "How do you know that Mr. Assistant Director Smart Ass?"

Though her comment angered me at first, I eventually caught on to her tone and the devious smirk on her lips. She was right. Since I could never give it a shot, there was no telling what might have happened. I sat back in the chair and raised my eye at her. "So you're saying that if I asked you out you would have said yes, no question? You'd have gone on a date with your scrawny and hopeless coworker."

I watched as she walked back to the desk and sat on the edge, giving me a hint of the firm ass hidden within her skirt. "Maybe, depends on how you asked me. You were always real sweet to me, who knows?" She shrugged theatrically and before I could say another word she was up from the desk and out the door.

Sitting there at that new desk with nothing to do until next week made me exceedingly bored. I got up and left the office to go to the bathroom when I saw a strange sight. A whole bunch of the female employees were entering the bathroom, including Julia and Laura. My eyes drifted over the cubicles and I saw the other men working diligently as if nothing strange was happening at all. It was then I smelled it. The unmistakable scent of Tama's narcotic juice. I turned back to Julia's office and saw Bena peaking through the window with a curious expression.

After almost fifteen minutes I was going to peak in there but I soon saw women leaving the bathroom with happy smiles plastered on their faces. Some were licking their lips and others were straitening their clothes and hair. After five more minutes or so and no more ladies leaving the bathroom I saw Tama stumbling out. Her hair had come undone and a light sheen of sweat was on her face. She made it to her station and leaned against the wall. When I approached her she eyed me with a worried, yet contented expression. "I don't know what happened, Eric, I..." She blushed, "I was thinking about this morning, and I let my mind wander. I tried to calm down but..." Tama's eyes lowered to her crotch, "my new friend here decided it was time for a little fun."

I chuckled, "so you masturbated in the ladies room?"

She stifled a laugh and rolled her eyes, "yea. I didn't realize it was occupied though. I guess they can smell it. They came in there and...helped." She shivered lightly and closed her eyes. She hunched her body over a little bit and took slow controlled breaths. "Eric, I need to practice with this thing...If I don't get it under control I could get us in trouble. I know all those women don't remember but you'll never know."

I nodded and pat her shoulder, "if you need to relax you're welcome to sit in my office, Laura told me everyone knows about us, but I won't exactly announce it either."

She smiled and smoothed out her hair, "thanks, Eric, would it be alright if I take a break in there now? Just seeing you and all these woman that just...I need to sit down for a while."

"Alright, any time, just come right in." She smiled at me as I turned to walk away. As I went back to my office I heard her station phone ringing. Before I could open the door I heard Tama's heavy footsteps behind me. She looked at me worriedly before heading into Julia's office. 

I was in my office messing around with the settings on my new desktop when I heard the phone ring. I heard Bena's voice [come (gasp) come here...ooohhh....Eric, come to Julia's....(KACHUNK)] she slammed the phone down.

When I opened the door to Julia's office I felt resistance in the door and I quickly realized why. Tama's scent permeated the air. Before I got a good look at what was going on I quickly closed the door and put the towels back. I was completely unprepared for what I saw when I scanned the room. Tama had Bena leaning over the desk and was, well, for lack of better terminology, fucking the shit out of her. Her powerful hands were squeezing Bena's plush behind roughly while her thrusts were causing undulations in her soft flesh. Bena's huge tits were resting on Julia's desk, causing her milk to spit out of her nipples and cover its surface.

I saw Julia and Laura on the floor in a sixty nine position. Not far from them was a large pile of glistening white eggs. Just when I thought I could hold off on my instincts I heard Tama groan loudly and shove herself into Julia's Mother as far as she could go. She bit her lip and shook for a good solid minute until her juices sprayed out of Bena's clenching pussy. Once her fresh juice spilled out of her the scent of it hit me like a cresting wave. Before she could even pull out of her I was on my knees and licking up the sweet nectar leaking from Bena's pussy.

Shoulders bumped into me and I realized Julia and Laura had joined me in laving up Tama's essence. I let my new enhanced tongue flow out of my mouth and plunge into Bena's warmth. I could immediately taste Tama's deliciousness within so I began to suck it up with my tongue. As my wriggling muscle squirmed and sucked inside of Bena's body I saw Tama's powerful arms wrap Laura firmly within her grasp and drag her away from the treasure.

I was lost in the taste for a long while until Bena's walls collapsed on my invading tongue and held me tight. I tried to pull it back but it didn't budge. "Beba et e go, mph mpphh!" I pressed my hands against her huge soft ass and tried to pull myself out but all I managed to do was sink my hands into her soft flesh and make Bena squirm. With surprising swiftness and strength she grabbed my hands and pulled me tightly against her body. My face was mashed into her wet embrace. I could hear Laura screaming in pleasure, but the sounds were muffled by Bena's soft thighs surrounding my face. 

"There's only one way I'm going to release you, Eric"

The pressure in my gut changed when I realized what she wanted. I could feel my tongue throb and convulse as my core began pumping my juices into Bena's body. Though her pussy unclenched around my tongue I let it remain there while I pumped copious amounts of my fluid into her hot embrace. Just as I had begun to rub my hardness through my pants I sensed something hard pushing against my tongue. It soon turned into many hard things and they had started pressing forcefully against my invading muscle. I stopped pumping my fluids but the pressure exerted on my tongue didn't relent. I could feel one of the hard slick things pressing further and further back onto my tongue until I could actually see the white surface of a large egg spreading Bena's pussy. I quickly realized what was happening and managed to catch the egg before it fell. Just as I set it down on the carpet another one began to slip through and I was able to catch that one as well. I wanted to pull my tongue out to better help her but the hard eggs still had me trapped within her as they jostled about.

Bena's voice cracked and her constant moans organized into words. "oooh...Eric...you made me so big....I'm worried Julia's desk..." Just as she finished saying that I heard the snapping sound of wood as the feet of Julia's desk broke and fell a few inches to the floor. "Oh...Baby...Tama...we need to stop..."

The last of her eggs fell from her body and her pussy released me. I pulled my tongue into my mouth and calmed myself. Tama however, was still busily plunging her pussy-tongue into Laura. I found with some intense concentration I was able to shut out Tama's scent. "Tama, that's enough."

She shut her eyes and groaned, yet didn't relent. Laura was delirious with pleasure. All I could see were the whites of her eyes. "Tama!" I shouted, "that's enough!" My vision faded for a brief second and a sense of vertigo made my knees week. Tama suddenly tensed up and released Laura. I rushed over to her and helped guide her unconscious body to the floor. Tama stood there nervously. Her slick pink organ slurped back into her body slowly, as if fighting against it's imprisonment.

Tama fell to her knees and groaned in frustration, "Eric I...I couldn't control it...forgive me."

"That's alright, help Bena, I'll take care of Laura." She shook her head lightly before standing up. In a short amount of time we managed to get everyone cleaned up. Julia was snoozing at her desk and Laura was on a cot nearby. 

Bena was kneeling by Laura, stroking her hair softly. "Eric." I moved over to her and knelt down. "It was good that you stopped Tama when you did. I didn't have time to put protections for Laura in place. The pleasure and exertion could have killed her." She frowned as she caressed Laura's gently sleeping form. "I lost control too, Eric." She slowly stood and placed her hand on my shoulder, it's weight was reassuring. "I instigated this encounter without knowing what Tama could do, so I'm partly to blame. Even so, I need you to help Tama get a handle on her talents." She snickered, "you do to, what you did to stop her was quite unexpected. Mother Merathora may want to talk to you about it."

My thoughts momentarily dwelled on what exactly I did. I told her to stop, but, was that it? I looked up to her tender smiling face. "I'm sorry, Mother, it won't happen again."
