 -Author's note- I'd like to apologize for my absence. I've had financial difficulties as well as a few difficulties in my writing. I'm having a hard time coming up with a meaningful conclusion to this story. I'd like to say that the story shouldn't end, but at this point I'm worried it might grow stale. Because it's the first story I've felt confident enough to post on Literotica, I don't want to leave the story on a cliffhanger or without an ending, but I also don't want to continue writing it if it isn't going to be up to my standard. I appreciate the support and I must admit, it's one of the reasons I wish to complete this story. If I can't end the story with a conclusion that I at least would like to leave it open.

When last we joined Eric in his strange new life with the Andromedans, he was enjoying the pleasures provided by the biological changes to his new family and himself. What do these new abilities mean for the Andromedan's mission? Will Merathora intervene and try to change him to suite her goals? How far will Eric go to keep his new family and what are the lengths Merathora will go to preserve her race? How much does Eric really know about the Andromedan's mission? As time moves forward, Eric must come to terms with the changes in his life. He must make a choice. Give himself over completely to Merathora's will and experience unending bliss, or live in peace and happiness with his new family.

--- 

Gentle loving kisses brought my consciousness back to the world. I awoke to Mother's lovely tender eyes gazing upon me like I was her most valuable possession in the universe. 

She was covering me with her body so that her breasts barely revealed my head and my entire torso was trapped under her soft, luxurious body. She squeezed her soft pillows against me, occasionally trapping my face in her warmth. "Good morning, Sweety." She giggled at my surprised expression. "That's the longest you've gone in one go, Honey. I'm proud of you." She pressed her smooth cheek to mine and sighed in happiness. "You're such a sweetheart."

I realized I was still exhausted from the previous night and tried to close my eyes for more sleep but I felt Mother's breasts press against my face again. "Shu shu shu, Sweety, It's time to get up."

"But Mother, it's Saturday..." I pressed my face against her breast and sighed at the sensation.

She chuckled and shook her body, causing her soft skin to slide against me. "I know, Sweety, but the grass isn't going to mow itself."

As I groaned in complaint I heard heavy footsteps coming into the room and Tama's face appeared above me. "Hey sleepyhead."

I realized she must have just woken up because her hair was a mess. "Let some crows make a nest on your head last night, Sister?" I laughed.

"Time to get up!" She mashed her lips to mine and flooded my mouth with her tart juice. I had no choice but to swallow and when I did I felt my body get charged with energy, like I had just drank a concentrated energy drink. "There," she laughed, "no more sleep for you."

Mother chuckled and started to raise herself off of me. The sudden rush of cool morning air made me shiver and I tried to wrap my arms around her to pull her back but she was too strong. "Ah, ah, ah, Sweety, you heard your sister, rise and shine." She got up to her knees and pulled me into a sitting position. She didn't stop there however for I quickly found myself pulled against the soft immensity of her warm breasts. It only took a second of exploration before I found her stiff nipple and pulled it into my mouth. As I drank of her love and warmth I felt the mattress sink down and saw Tama latch on to her other nipple. "Oh...my Sweethearts, I love you..." We both moaned in reply as we suckled of her delicious cream.

To our dismay the flow of her milk stopped and she caressed our heads lovingly. "Get ready for some work you two. Ill get some breakfast ready." She chuckled, "and no treats until after you're finished with the yard."

As we released her nipples I could hear Mother issue a soft sigh of complaint having lost the intimate touch. I looked to Tama and grinned before looking back at Mother. "One more taste Mother? Please?" I gave her my best puppy dog eyes and was rewarded with a soft sigh and her tender smile. Her rosy cheeks blushed as her loving brown eyes gazed at us warmly.

"Alright, Sweety," she waggled her finger at me, "just a little bit, than we need to get started." When she hefted her huge breast I could see milk begin to trickle from her soft nipple to run down her silky skin. I wrapped my lips around it and surrounded her breast with my arms. Before she could react I impaled her breast with my tongue and began to pump my fluid inside of it. 

Tama immediately caught on to what I was doing by Mother's reaction and attacked her other breast. "Oh, my Sweethearts...what...what are you...OOOHH!!" She fell back onto the mattress, pulling us with her. She began to cry out in pleasure as her breasts begin to slowly grow and cover her upper body. Not only was her milk production ramped up due to our fluids, but it was unable to escape and continued to fill up her reservoirs. I could feel her skin stretching through my fingers and slowly push against my body.

We released Mother's huge tits which now dominated her body. They would cover her head had she not held them onto her body with her hands. "Please...oh it's so much..." Her tongue poured from her mouth and covered her nipple. She began to drink from her own breasts in an effort to relieve the great pressure.

Tama run her large hand over my hair. "I'm gonna get ready, Eric, see you in a minute." 

I turned to Tama with a grin. "Me too, I'll help Mother when she's ready."

Once Tama left I went into the bathroom to get cleaned up and ready for some yard work. I thought it was strange that I didn't have to 'use' the bathroom, but I attributed it to one of the changes made to my body and decided not to dwell on it. When I went back into the bedroom I saw that mother was relaxing after her ordeal and was trying to catch her breath. I went into the closet and found one of her aprons. She was just getting off the bed when I left the closet. "That was a naughty trick, Sweety..." I felt a pang of remorse but it was soon dispelled when she gently pinched my cheek and kissed my brow, "I'll have to get you back later for it, for now, hurry up and get ready."

Having dressed in my work clothes I left the bedroom to see Caitlyn and Ellora at the table. The scent of fresh coffee tickled my senses and I noticed a cup waiting for me at the table. Ellora must have heard me because she nudged Caitlyn and gestured towards me. She hopped off of Ellora's lap and gave me a strong hug. The feel of her large breasts pressing into my chest made me swoon and when she tried to let me go I pulled her tighter to me. "Morning Cat, I'm glad to see you."

She gave me a soft peck on the lips when I released her. "It's good to see you too, Ellora told me we'd be busy today. Just like old times." Memories flooded back of us doing yard work together during the short time we lived together. She must have seen something in my eyes for she gave me another powerful hug. "Sorry, Cat..." I grasped her shoulders to stop the hug. "We'll make some new memories today."

Her smile brightened me up nicely and I found myself drawn to the steaming mug off coffee. As I sipped the coffee I heard a groan of complaint as Tama stepped out of her room. She was dressed in denim overalls and a tight t-shirt. "Mother...I can't wear this!"

"Sure you can, Sweety, I made sure it would fit you." I heard Mother say as she came into view. Her eyes lit up when she saw Caitlyn and Ellora. "Hey you two! How nice to see you!"

Tama groaned. "That's not what I meant, Mother, I look ridiculous!"

Mother turned around and waggled her finger at her. I'd begun to fear that little gesture. "I don't want your other clothes getting filthy, that's what you're wearing and that's final."

That seemed to straighten Tama up so she went back to getting ready. I remember seeing a sour look on her face as she disappeared back into her room.

"So," Mother said, "where were we? Oh yes, breakfast!"

As Mother worked on making something for us to eat Caitlyn returned to Ellora's lap as we talked about our plans for the day. "You don't have to do all the flowerbeds Cat, let me help you."

She waved her hand dismissively, "I'll have help, don't worry about it."

"Who, Tesra?"

Caitlyn grinned and shook her head. "You'll see."

I rolled my eyes, "what about you Ellora?"

She smiled at me as she pulled Caitlyn against her body. "I've got a few errands to run, umm." She seemed to hesitate for a moment. "After last night, you gave me more than I need. I'm going to a few homes to share with the other Mothers."

"Oh? Hmm." I thought for a brief moment, "can't you use it on yourself?"

She shook her head. "Not really, I couldn't concentrate while creating the eggs. The pleasure is too great." She chuckled to herself and let a twinkle glimmer in her eye. "You made Emena positively enormous last night. I've never seen someone give so many eggs at once. It was quite a sight."

"How many?" I asked.

"To be honest we lost count." She laughed as she reminisced. "There were just too many to keep track and they were coming so fast we didn't have time to count. For a moment there I thought she would surely burst." We all shared a laugh.

I saw Tama walk into the kitchen with a pouty look on her face. She had her long black hair done up in a ponytail and tied it up with bands down it's length so that it was one long rope of hair that reached her calves. I heard Mother's voice behind me, "you can give me that look all you want, I'm not changing my mind." Tama rolled her eyes when Mother wasn't looking and lowered her head onto the table.

"You don't look that bad," Caitlyn said, "I think you look cute."

Tama groaned. "I'm not supposed to look cute..." She flexed her arm, causing her muscles to nearly tear the white t-shirt, "I'm supposed to intimidate my enemies, not make them laugh." Ellora covered her mouth with her hand as her large body shook. I could tell she was trying hard not to laugh. "See, even Ellora can't stop laughing."

"Eric isn't laughing at you, Sweety." Mother said supportively.

I could see Tama's eyes drift to me and she smirked. "Eric's too afraid to laugh, he knows what would happen."

"Now, now," Mother said as she set plates of food in front of me and Caitlyn, "Behave while you're at the table."

"Yes, Mother," we both said.

Before me sat a plate of bacon, toast, and biscuit with gravy. Mother pat my shoulder gently so I got up and let her sit down so I could take my place on her comfortable lap. We enjoyed the food while Tama had her usual breakfast shake. The fourth seat seemed to be empty and there was a shake sitting there too. Just as I became curious I heard the back door open and turned to see Tima walking in, dressed in an old faded uniform. "Sorry I'm late, I wanted to finish my morning patrol before Tesra arrived." When she saw me smiling at her she brightened up. "Eric, I'm glad to see you again so soon."

"Yea, this is a pleasant surprise."

"Oh?" Her brow scrunched as she looked at Caitlyn, who was making an obvious attempt at looking innocent.

"Tesra asked me to keep it a secret." When Caitlyn said that even Tama looked curious. 

"Well," Mother interrupted, "make yourself at home, dear, I've made an extra drink for you." She gestured to the extra seat.

Tima cringed and shook her head. "I'm sorry ma'am, but I've already had breakfast." 

Mother merely smiled, "you'll need it dear."

With a slight blush and a bow, Tima sat down and began to drink her beverage. Even though she apparently had something already she moaned at the taste and took a few more urgent gulps. I felt Mother wrap her arm around me and pull me tightly against her soft belly as she fed me a piece of toast. "I'll be joining Ellora today on her errands, so I'll be leaving Eric in charge. We'll be back before dinner." She wagged the fork at us, "if I don't see the yard looking nice when we get back there won't be any treats for you come dinner time."

I don't know about anyone else but her threat worked on me. Though, to be honest it would be hard to work being distracted, not only by Tama and Caitlyn working with me but Tima as well. My eyes drifted to her as I thought about her and suddenly realized she had been watching me too. The relationship we had was strange. With so many people in my life that I had feelings for, would I be able to give my love to her as I had the others?

When my plate was empty Mother shifted about as she placed her arms around me. I didn't complain when she pulled me tightly against her soft bosom to stand up and set me on the ground. "Alright, you four behave yourselves and get the yard cleaned up." She leaned down and pulled me into her arms for a kiss. "I love you, Sweety, be good for Mother."

"I will, I love you too, Mother."

She gave the same treatment to Tama. Even though she was still miffed about her outfit she didn't hesitate in enjoying Mother's loving embrace. Once Mother had shared hugs and kisses with everyone, Ellora did the same. We watched them leave through the back door and we knew they had been teleported when blue light flashed around the door frame.

We got our things ready for the yard and before I left the house I noticed Tama was still wearing the outfit Mother had chosen for her. "Why don't you change?"

She looked down at me and pulled at her overalls. "Mother would know." When she saw my strange look she gave me a halfhearted smile. "She wouldn't punish me for it, but it wouldn't make her happy to know I went against her wishes like that. I don't like it, but if it makes her happy, Ill do it."

I smiled in understanding. "Ok, Sister, oh, before I forget..." I looked around nervously before I whispered to her, "we need to tell Caitlyn and Tima about our plans for Mother's Day."

"I've already told Caitlyn, that just leaves Tima, Ill bring it up to her while we work on the weeds."

She walked off to join Caitlyn at the flowerbed while I pulled on my gloves and got the mower started. I love the smell of cut grass and it somehow brightened my mood after seeing Mother leave. A slight breeze was keeping everyone cool as we worked and it was turning it to such a beautiful day. When I made it to the backyard I had to breath a sigh of relief as I hadn't done too well on the front yard. Seeing the three girls kneeling over and pulling weeds made me lose track of what I was doing. When I next came around the house I saw Caitlyn and Tama had moved to her side of the duplex and Tima was trying to start the edger. She had it in her lap and was inspecting the parts. "That thing hasn't worked for years."

With a sigh she put the gas cap back on and started to carry it back to the storage shed. "Can't you just make a new one or something?" I asked.

She turned to me and pat the dirt off her knees. "Edora could, but I don't have clearance. Isn't there a repair place we can take it to?"

I shrugged. "I guess I could do that, but I don't fell like dealing with it today, let's just get done what we can." She nodded and set the edger down. 

After we swept all the clippings from the mowing and weed eating we bagged the waste and set it by the road. It was about two o'clock by the time we finished and the yard looked immaculate, other than the needed edging of course. Me and Tima lay on the hammock together while Tama and Caitlyn took a nap on the large lawn chair.

I snuggled up to Tima and sighed as she squeezed me against her firmly. When I looked up at her I saw her bright blue eyes were staring at me longingly. "I'm going to take a shower." I said. "No sense in spending the afternoon sweaty and filthy." Tima helped me as I got up and followed me as I went into the house.

As soon as I heard the door close behind me I turned around just in time for Tima to scoop me up in her arms and pull me into a strong embrace. As our lips met in a passionate connection she effortlessly carried me into the bathroom. I had to catch my breath and steady myself when she set me down. When I pulled off my shirt I was greeted by the sight of Tima on her knees gazing at me with a look of need and excitement that I've yet to see on her beautiful face. Her quick breaths made her chest heave and her eyes never left me. "I've been waiting for this, Eric..."

I moved closer and began to undo the buttons on her faded and dirty uniform. "Me too." As I pulled her shirt off I let my cheek graze hers and I took in her scent. Though she smelled slightly musky from the work we did today I could also smell the subtle perfume she had worn in anticipation of our day together.

While I slowly removed her pants I could see her arms twitch and her hands clench into tight fists. I was surprised to see that she had not worn any underwear under her uniform. The scent of her lusts hit me like a blast of hot air. As a dazed look crossed my features she took control and let her fingers slip under the waistband of my shorts. She pulled them down slowly to reveal my quickly thickening cock. She released a light gasp as I stepped out of my shorts and let my hands rest on her arms. I could see the sweat glistening off her body from the lights of the bathroom and her muscles visibly twitched in anticipation.

Just like that her bright blue eyes glimmered and she stood to her full height. Her arms fell across my body and she pulled me tightly against her, at her height my face was pressed tightly against her firm tits. "Eric...I've wanted this...you have no idea..." I could feel the heat of her sex against me as she held me tightly. She leaned over slightly and picked me up. When I wrapped my arms around her neck she sighed and pulled me tighter. She carefully carried me into the tub and turned on the water. As the warm water washed over us she set me down and began to cover my body with light kisses. She fell to her knees and rest her hands on my hips. Her face was now level with mine and neither of us advanced the touch further. 

Finally I moved forward and pressed my lips to hers. I filled my mouth with my fluid and fed it to her causing her to squeeze me tightly and moan through our joined lips. She wrapped her arms around me and let us fall backwards so that the spray of the water was now on my back. Her long blonde hair flowed about in the running water and made her appear as if she was the sun, shining its bright aura into the emptiness of space. I felt her powerful legs wrap around my waist and pull me tightly against her. 

She released my lips, "more...please...don't stop..." I fed more and more fluid through her soft lips which she eagerly drank. Her hot treasure was twitching against my cock, as if begging for me to give it the pleasure it so desired. Taking the initiative, she lowered her hand and oh so gently coaxed me inside of her tight embrace. I moaned into her mouth as my fluids pulsed into her. She was incredibly tight, but where Tesra and Tama are forceful and relentless, Tima was slow and comforting. It was like being hugged by tight comforting flesh. Using a firm grip on my hips she ever so slowly pulled and pushed me in and out of her. Each time she pulled me tightly against her clit she would scream and flood her mouth with her own juices. "Please..." she gasped, "drink from me...fuck me...fill me"

I felt her hot tongue flow into my mouth and deliver her sweet juice. It charged me with energy and I felt my muscles twitch. The more I drank the stronger I felt. I was soon able to take control and grip her hands firmly. Returning the favor, I thrust my tongue into her mouth and let it fill her. Her eyes clenched and she moaned in pleasure as my fluids pumped into her. Gripping her muscular thighs firmly I pulled myself out of her and began to make slow measured thrusts. Though her tightness brought me maddening pleasure, I was able bring us to a smooth pace which brought her to her first orgasm. Her pussy clenched with incredible force, keeping me imprisoned within her and she screamed through my tongue. (Had she been that muscular before?) Her firm tits where tight on her chest and her pink nipples were like missiles aimed at the sky. I pumped more fluid into her and saw it, her chest tightened, her abs rippled, I was making her bigger. Whenever she opened her eyes they would flutter about and soon clench once more.
