 Chapter 3 -- Wedding Proposal

That night, I stayed in the pool house with Michael. We didn't do anything but snuggle all night. All he seemed to want to do was hold me. I can only imagine what he was going through. His whole world must feel like it fell apart. I know mine did when my parents were killed. When morning came I went with him to see his mother. She was a wreck and heavily sedated. They had us sitting in some patio chairs around a table with an umbrella to keep the sun off, in a glass enclosed deck with lots of beautiful plants, trees, and flowers surrounding a cycling waterfall.

"Hi mom. How are they treating you? Do you have everything you need?" Michael said to his mother in a very non-enthusiastic voice.

"I'm fine. They are treating me much better than I deserve. I murdered your father. I can't believe you are here. Why would you want to be around me? You should hate me." Mrs. Angel wept franticly.

"It was self defense mother. He could have killed you or stuck you in the hospital again. This is why I intervened so much. I tried to prevent this from happening, but neither of you would listen. I love you mom. I loved dad too. WHY COULDN'T YOU HAVE LISTENED TO ME when he was still alive? I'm sorry. I shouldn't have yelled at you like that just now. As I said, I loved you both. You focus on getting better. By the way, this is Ellen, the girl I have been telling you and dad about that dad kept saying wasn't real that I was just making her up." he told her as he put my hand in his and his other arm around my shoulders pulling me closer. "I'm thinking of asking her to marry me, with yours and her blessing mother."

"Oh Michael. My boy. I'm so proud of you. She would be a fool to say no. You'll say yes won't you dear?"

"Michael, I didn't know you felt this strongly. I had no idea. I'm not ready to get married yet. Don't take this as a no though. I want to get to know you before I rush into marriage. We haven't even dated yet. I do love you very much. Please don't be mad at me. I'm sorry, Mrs. Angel, I must be fool, I can't marry him right now. Maybe later, if you are willing to wait Michael." Was my answer. "Excuse me. I need to go. I have somewhere I need to be. You go ahead and spend some more time with your mother, Michael. She needs you." I immediately got up and went out and called myself a taxi. I was so embarrassed. I didn't want to face him after that. I knew I would have too when he got back to the house that night. At least that is what I thought.



Michael never did come home that night. Instead, he called me and told me he was going to stay at his parents house, and keep the place up till his mother could get out of the hospital. I knew that I must have hurt him real bad, or maybe he was just as embarrassed as I was. I went upstairs to the bathroom, took all my cloths, and crawled into a sudsy hot bath.





The next morning was a beautiful clear day. I decided to work in the small vegetable garden that Michael planted right beside my house, just before you start off for the pool house, which was only about 10 yards or more away from the house. I walked through the rows and pulled the weeds out of the rows. After I was finished, I placed the water sprinkler out to water the garden. Just as I was finishing, Michael drove up on his bike.

"I said I was going to stay at my parents. I didn't think you would fire me already."

"You aren't fired. I'm not even angry with you for wanting to stay at your parents' house. I figured you were angry with me for telling you "No" to your marriage proposal."

"No. I don't know what I was thinking. I care about you. I don't want you to feel rushed into."

"I didn't mean to embarrass you in front of your mother."

"No, no. You didn't embarrass me. I embarrassed me. Mom set me straight though. She told me that you are quite a catch, that you did say that you weren't exactly saying no, and that you will eventually say yes, as long as I don't make the same mistakes as my father. She said if I learned anything from her and dad, that she hopes that I learned how not to treat a woman. She said, that I need to learn patience. She also told me she wished she had learned to listen to the advice I had given before everything fell apart." Michael told me as he began looking at the ground appearing very thoughtful. "So did Vladimir try and pull off another appearance last night?"

"Nope."

"Good, because stealing these good looks is a crime."

"Oh.... so you think you are hot huh."

"Well, I don't know about hot. But I am dam good looking."

"Really... How good looking do you think you are?"

"Good enough that you gave your virginity to a ghost that you thought was me."

"I am so going to kick Vladimir's ass. Stealing your good looks wasn't the crime. The crime was taking what was originally meant for you."

"Oh, so you admit it. If he hadn't tricked you into giving it to him, you would have given it to me."

I turned so red as he flirted with me about my embarrassing mistake of identities and at how gorgeous Michael was "I admit that I wanted to have sex with you so bad that I wanted to give it to you that night. I love you with all my heart Michael, and I hate Vladimir for his deceit."

"So what do you say we make amends. Maybe you would like to come into the pool house with me"

"I have a better idea. Why don't you play tag with me?"

"What?"

"This entire estate is completely fenced in. No one is going to see us out here. If you can catch me you can have me."

"I have a better idea."

"Oh, what is that?"

"Let's go swimming. To tell the truth, I'm not an athlete by any means. I just look cool on a bike. I'm actually a flawless nerd who rides a motorcycle with dreadful bit of asthma. I would loose this race fast."

"Are you suggesting skinny dipping?"

"Yes, Yes, yes..."he repeated looking a bit like a goofy clown and a child about to unwrap a candy bar all rolled into one.

"I want to know. Have you ever been with anyone else."

"No."

"That explains the little boy getting his candy-bar look just ten seconds ago I guess." I told him.

"Ok, but I want you to pretend you are that it is my first time and take everything slow please."

I raced up the steps leading to the pool, took off my cloths at the showers that was placed next to the pool itself so we could rinse the chlorine off before putting back on our cloths. I took off my cloths rinsed off the dirt and then dove into the pool absolutely naked from head to toe. "Well, are you coming in, or are you going to stare at the pool and me all day."

"I'm coming. How do you know that I am really Michael and not Vladimir?" he teased.

"I don't, but there is no fog yet, so I'm willing to risk it."

"You could regret that."

"Why??? You aren't, are you???"

"No, but I made you think didn't I?"

"Scare the shit out of me why don't you!!!" I screamed at him just as he was ripping off his pants at the edge of the pool next to the shower were I left mine. "You know what? I changed my mind."

"What." He says in amazement.

"You heard correctly. That wasn't a good joke."

"No, please no."

"Look, you pointed it out, and I have no interest in getting screwed again by that jackal."

"Really.... I'm sorry...."he stammered. "I'm not Vladimir. Please let me do this. Please let us do this."

"Ok, but don't try that one again." With that he jumped into the water totally butt naked, swam up to me kissed me gently and said "Thank you. You won't be sorry."

"If you turn into Vladimir at any point and time, I'm calling an exorcist or something."

"I promise. I won't turn into him. I'm not Vladimir. It was just a bad joke." I rolled my eyes and let a light growl come out. "A very, very bad joke that I will make amends any way that I can."

"Mmmmm... you sure will." I told him as I kissed him repeatedly back. My left hand running through his hair and my right hand ran up and down his back as we sat on the steps that gently glide out of the pool so that we wouldn't drowned when we start getting a little excited. His tongue filled the entirety of my mouth. That wasn't all he was filling. He wasn't nearly as big as Vladimir was, which I was thankful for.

The feeling of the water splashing against my skin and against the crevices of my lower half made it feel like heaven. Michael was gentler than Vladimir. I knew for certain with who I was with this time. There was no question in my mind. Michael rubbed my breasts gently as he made love to me so very passionately, never missing a beat almost as if he wasn't the virgin he made himself out to be. After he finished making love to me in the pool, I asked him, "I thought you said you were a virgin."

"I was, but I heard a lot of stories, seen a few magazines, watched a few movies....It feels good to do more than just dream about it. You feel good." He told me as he lifted me out of the water and carried me clumsily into the house as he fumbled with the door.

"You could have just put me down when we got to the door or even asked me to open it, instead of fumbling as much as you did." I teased him.

"And what fun would that have been. Besides, I had it all planned out in my head."

"Did it look as funny in your head as it did in real life?"

"No, and for that, I think I will have to summon the tickle monster." He teasingly sneared back at me after he carried me up stairs that lead up to my bedroom and threw me on my bed, preparing to pounce.

We made love all night long. I was terrified when he was missing in the morning. "Oh no, Vladimir didn't trick me again did he?" I said as I rushed downstairs to see if he was there. He wasn't there. I found my cloths on one of the barstools surrounding the counter where the stove was. I quickly put them on and rushed to find Michael. I didn't have to go far. He was tending the garden.

"You creep. You could have left me a note."

"What. What are you talking about?"

"We had .... It was you wasn't it?" I questioned him, at a loss for words. All that came was obscenities. I was so angry at the thought that Vladimir had tricked me yet again.

"Relax. We did. It was us, together. I was goofing. I'm sorry. I'm a jerk. I wouldn't be surprised if you never want to see me again." He soothingly comforted me.

"No, I love you, but you can't make such jokes. They aren't funny."

"I know. I promise. No more jokes. I guess part of me is just angry that he got you first. We could have both enjoyed our first time together. Instead, he ruined it for both of us." He explained as he held me tight. "I'm going to the library to a wiccan's shop that lives in town. We might be able to get some help getting rid of this creature there."

"Do you really think that they could help us?" Not sounding to confident that anyone could possibly help us.

"Yes, and if they can't maybe a priest or something." He reassured me.

"I'm in."

Michael and I went to the pool house and hopped on his bike. I hope this works was what I told myself.