 CHAPTER 2

FORGIVEN

The sun shone brightly through the large windows leading out over the garden and pool. Last night, Danyelle poured her heart and soul to her two masters and both welcomed her even more - now into their own bed. Never had Danyelle known such warmth and love. Danyelle entered the couple's bath and relieved the previous night's wine and champagne. Then, she entered the large shower and began to bath when her master entered the room with her. The hot water steamed the windows so he must have thought it was his lover in the shower because he began to speak to her. 

"Can I bring you anything, more towels, or some breakfast, perhaps?" 

Danyelle froze, daunted, she replied, "No." 

The master opened the door of the shower and peered at her through handsome green eyes. His shirt removed, he glistened with the sweat of physical labor. "Are you sure, if you don't need anything, I'll join you." 

Danyelle drew him into the shower with her; attacking him. Clawing at his strong arms and back, biting his neck and shoulders. She unzipped his jeans and thrust her hand into his pants, releasing his member. The master reached below her legs and pressed on her soft mound pressing his fingers inside her. Roughly, he squeezed both butt cheeks before bending her over the marble seat. Danyelle drew a deep breath knowing her master was a powerful lover, capable of both fierce and gentle strokes. The master removed his soggy jeans throwing them aside. Erect, the master inserted his member into the young woman. Deeply, the master penetrated her removing any remnants of virginity her ass retained. 

Danyelle knew that refusing any part of her body would mean punishment, and punishment meant banishment. Danyelle loved her master, and therefore; would not refuse any request, no matter how painful. Except with him, despite the size, the master penetrated deeper than anyone else had, and Danyelle loved the feeling. The sensation grew inside her pulsating down her back and into her lust. Danyelle exhaled and breathed deeper this time as the master pushed in deep and held himself. Danyelle knew from the first night together that the master would only cum where he was given permission and Danyelle knew his favorite places to cum. Danyelle knew how to push his buttons, how to drive him to ecstasy, how to force him to explode. 

"Lover, will you cum there?" 

She began to rub her smooth clit, reaching underneath, and rubbed his smooth balls as he stroked into her ass. 

Their sex lives together were short, but the young woman knew how to please him. He wanted to explode inside her but he was not ready. The previous night the young girl called her ex-boyfriend and he called back. She should be shown now who the master was. He pulled her to him wrapping his arms around her. Danyelle arched her back and accepted the master's mighty thrusts deeper into her ass. Powerfully, he pumped his hips and squeezed the young girl. Then, he shoved her down onto the shower floor and faced her. Danyelle accepted the throbbing penis into her mouth. 

He must want to punish me for calling my ex, she thought as she swallowed his member. Danyelle was adept at deepthroating, but the master's throbbing cock was more than she ever took. Danyelle pulled back working her long young tongue around the shaft, taking a moment to breathe deeply before the master punished her throat again. But this time, the master entered her slowly allowing her to breath. He looked deeply into the girls blue eyes. The master pulled Danyelle to her feet and placed her straddling his lap as he sat on the marble seat. With hot water running down her back, steam billowing across the glass and stone of the marble shower, Danyelle began to pace her movements with her master's movements. She rocked and swirled arching her back in rhythm to his. Danyelle could feel the long shaft of his manhood deep within her and could feel the shaft rubbing gently across her clitoris as she stroked back and forth. The master rubber her smooth back gently caressing her shoulders and neck. She kissed her lover, running her tongue across his lips and around his ears. Biting down hard as tears began to well in her eyes, Danyelle cried out for joy, pain, and love. All of her demons leaving her she reached climax. Looking deep into her master's eyes as she reached her highest point, Danyelle could see the love and forgiveness in her master. She knew the anal pounding came from her disobedience, but the incredible climax came from a deep love that only forgiveness can bring. 

Danyelle stepped down from her master, still holding his gaze. Knelling before him, she took him once more in her mouth. The taste of her lust drove Danyelle to the edge again. Reaching between her legs, she inserted one finger, then two, as she stroked her master with the other hand. Moaning and stroking, Danyelle drew deeper upon her master's member taking him fully into her mouth. Sucking tightly on the head and licking the shaft, she could feel the master's own lust growing. Danyelle knew that she would swallow him, again. This time, she would not share it with his wife. This load would be hers. Stroking faster and working harder, Danyelle accepted the juice from her master's member as he groaned and shook, erupting volumes of love into her mouth. The salty juice mixed with hers bringing Danyelle to another orgasm. Sensing her actions, the master lifted her onto his still erect cock and penetrated her ass again, penetrating her just as she reached climax again. The couple kissed, sharing saliva and semen, probing each other's mouths for the first time. Danyelle realized this was the first truly deep kiss she shared with her new master. 

Danyelle dried off and exited the shower turning to dry her master. The room was damp from the long, steamy shower and the two added their towels to the mess of clothes on the floor. The two, now dry, lay across the bed to rest after their long session of lovemaking. Danyelle curled up onto her master's chest and rested her eyes hoping she would dream of a place of no demons and praying that her mistress would not be too upset that Danyelle took her place in his bed.

DEMON'S LOST

"I'm sorry to wake you miss," said the young housekeeper. "I have to clean in here today." Danyelle stirred, and read the clock. 

"It's no problem. I should be out of bed by 10 o'clock anyway. Has the rest of the house been up long?" 

Danyelle looked at the young housekeeper. She must have only graduated from school this year. Her master was such a great man to give young people a chance. 

"They've been up since the sun came up, always do," she replied. 

Danyelle realized the girl had a great presence about her. As if she were somehow older than she looked. Danyelle slipped out of bed trying to remain covered as much as she could. The girl, busying herself with the room, appeared not to notice. Danyelle let the covers drop and walked into the bathroom. The girl, unbeknown to Danyelle, watcher her naked rear walk away.

"I can get you some towels if you like, ma'am," called out the girl. 

Danyelle ignored her and started her shower. The girl brought the towels and slowly entered the bathroom, Danyelle waited for her. "Just put them over here," she replied as the girl now viewed Danyelle's naked form. Danyelle approached the girl, looking into her eyes. 

"You're very beautiful. How old are you?", she asked. 

The girl, afraid, looked down and replied, "I'm 18." Danyelle eyed the girl. Her lips were full and naturally red. No doubt, the boys pestered her for oral sex, and probably more. Then, Danyelle had a question.

"Do you sleep with him?" 

Surprised the girl stepped back and left the room. Danyelle watched her walk away. Tall, fair complexion, full bosom, great mouth. Danyelle looked at her reflection in the mirror and could see a resemblance to the girl. 

"Sweetheart, what is your name," called Danyelle after her. 

The girl stopped picking up the clothes and looked at Danyelle, "I don't want any trouble. I need this job. My mama doesn't help out any, and they are very good to me here." 

Danyelle could see the tears swelling up in her eyes, and stepped toward her embracing the young girl. 

"I won't get you in trouble, dear, tell me your name."

"Monica." 

Danyelle stood naked listening to young Monica talk about her childhood, how she met her master, and about Monica's relationship with the mistress. Monica's figure was similar to Danyelle's. Tall, slender, hard, yet soft. Her bosom was larger than Danyelle's but fit her body well. Monica's mother was a drunk and the master took her daughter in and cared for her. In exchange for a yearly salary that provided for Monica and her sisters, Monica worked at the estate whenever she was not in school, which was more often now that she finished. 

Danyelle stood and watched the girl staring at her breasts. Monica raised her eyes from Danyelle's breasts and looked deeply into her eyes. 

"You don't sleep with him do you, but you enjoy his wife."

Monica hesitated but did not answer; her secret intact, and began cleaning again.

Danyelle took the shower she attempted earlier but continued to ponder the girl cleaning her room. Something about her intimidated Danyelle. She obviously loved the couple, but her loyalties were stronger to the mistress than the master was. Danyelle shaved her legs, pubic area, and washed her body with lovely lavender soap, the memory of yesterday's lovemaking session with the master still fresh in her memory. Her butt was a little sore from the session as well. Anal was not her favorite, but she felt she deserved the punishment for betraying her new family. Monica was someone she would find more about. Maybe her master would be weak after a long day and susceptible to her questioning. 

Monica thought about the beautiful new houseguest. Eventually, they would find a way to be together. Monica had a way with women. Her mistress taught her well. Monica looked into the shower and watched the new girl shave her long legs. After watching the couple enjoy Danyelle on the pool deck two nights ago, she was eager to taste Danyelle for herself. The way she could take the master's long cock excited Monica. Even though she herself never enjoyed him, the many times she witnessed his nude body brought her excitement. He knew about Monica and the mistress. Of course, he was too great a man to mention it to her. She hoped that on her birthday, he would come to her, but so far she had not been visited by him. Now, she feared she would never enjoy him. Only recently did she taste him whenever the mistress saved his load for her. Monica was due any minute with her mistress. Maybe there was a fresh cream pie waiting for her when she arrived in her mistress' room today. 

Monica finished cleaning the room and hurried down the hall. Her mistress expected her at 1 o'clock, and she was already very late in completing her chores. Monica entered the mistress's private study expecting to find her alone waiting on Monica, but today there was a visitor. 

As usual, Monica wore blue jeans and sneakers with a tank or halter top. Today, she wore a blue, V-neck t-shirt that fit tightly across her bosom. The male visitor noticed her immediately and grinned. No doubt, he expects to be treated to one of the master's many women. Too bad for him, Monica was not part of that. She belonged to the master's wife. The man was shabby, and wore old jeans and a rustled shirt.

"Monica, this is Mr. Dawson. He is Danyelle's pimp," said the mistress. 

Monica nearly fainted. Danyelle was a whore.

"It's nice to meet you Mr. Dawson." It was not, thought Monica. There could only be one explanation for Mr. Dawson's presence in this study, in this house, on this estate.

He was a dead man. 

Danyelle arrived as summoned by the mistress as soon as she could be dried off. She slipped into her robe, naked and smooth, hoping to enjoy Monica and the mistress. When she arrived at the study, she nearly fainted. There, in the study, stood her ex-boyfriend, looking as if he came to claim a prize. Danyelle tightened her grip on the gown and turned to plead with the mistress. This must be her punishment. She was banished. The mistress rose and walked across the room, her beauty, and grace undaunted by the presence of the pimp. Monica moved to Danyelle's side and helped her sit on the couch. The mistress opened the interior door leading into the master's study. 

"Would you step in here," spoke the mistress. 

The master stood and walked into the study. His large body stopped next to the pimp, a tiny man in stature and significance. 

"You've called this house after being asked to stop. You've come onto our property despite being asked to leave and never return," shouted the master. Creases formed running from the points of his eyes. Evil.

The pimp looked as if he may protest, but the master continued to shout. 

"The women in this house look to me for security. I cannot let your presence in my house go unanswered." 

"You listen here, that bitch is mine," pointed the pimp weakly, realizing that his voice was miniature compared to the master. 

Danyelle rose to protest, to tell her master that she was committed to him and him alone and that she would never contact him again, but before she could speak Monica grabbed her and pulled her down again placing her arms around her and whispered, "Be quiet." 

The master picked up a rod from the fireplace and struck the man repeatedly. 

Monica watched as two men from the outside crew escorted Mr. Dawson out of the house and then drove him away. Monica did not know where. If he never returned and never attempted to contact Danyelle again, he would live. Danyelle stood and rushed to her master, crying.

"I'm sorry...," and then she collapsed, the experience too great to bear as the thought of banishment came crushing down around her. 

The master caught Danyelle, picking her up and carrying her into the his study, and placed her on the couch. The mistress pointed for Monica to leave. Her date with the mistress was no doubt canceled. Returning to her chores, she decided tonight would be a good time to see if Danyelle would like to visit the lake for a moon light swim. Naked, of course. 

Danyelle awoke in her master's lap. He brushed her hair and played with the long blonde strands. "You saved me from him," she said. 

"Yes, but he will be back, I am afraid. He thinks you belong to him." 

Danyelle held back more tears. "Why didn't you give me to him?" 

"Because you belong to me and you belong here with us." 

Danyelle sensed the master's loins stirring. She looked into the deep green eyes that looked back full of mystery and power. She turned and stretched her naked body the length of the couch so she could lie on her stomach. She unzipped her master's pants and probed his erect penis from its frustrated trap. The first few licks brought him fully hard and Danyelle seized his cock like a hungry bird to a worm. She slowly took him deep into her mouth careful not to make offending gagging sounds. His breathing increased and Danyelle knew that he was ready, and close. The master pulled her silk gown up and began massaging her butt and legs. Her rhythm increased and she began to take the master deeper, building up hot saliva along the shaft. The master began to finger her butt and Danyelle spread her legs to give him more access. He drove his finger deep and pulled it back slowly causing Danyelle to squirm, the sensation along her back forcing her to take him even deeper. His breathing increased and Danyelle began to work her tongue and mouth quicker knowing he would soon release into her mouth. When he finally erupted, it was too much to swallow at once and some ran out. She continued to suck and savor the salty juice as the master violated her anus with is strong finger. Danyelle exploded from the sensation as she licked cum from his shaft bucking violently against his finger. She orgasmed throughout her whole body. Danyelle stopped and looked at the mess. The master stood and Danyelle knelt before him and cleaned the remaining cum from his shaft and balls. 

"Thank you for saving me," she said as she wiped cum from her lips. 

"I will not let anyone take you from me," spoke the master. 

"I have questions," said Danyelle. 

The master took her in his arms and held her there for a long time. 

Then finally, "I have answers."