 CHAPTER 1

DANYELLE JOINS THE MASTER

Danyelle knew the decision to stay would mean that she could never truly feel the love of another man. She now belonged to her master and his love was all she would ever know. The sacrifice to commit to him was her decision and not one she took lightly. Their relationship grew out of necessity. She wanted to belong to someone and to feel a part of something more than just the life she left behind. However, she never knew the man would welcome her into his life and his home. Danyelle never could have expected his wife, the beautiful brown-haired woman with the dark eyes and wide mouth, to welcome her as well. The man, of course, would enjoy her firm body nightly, but the woman wanted her as an equal. This was now her duty, to serve his sexual desires until she earned the power. Never before had Danyelle exposed her body, mind, and soul so intently, so passionately, and so void of concern as now. This would become her awakening. From now on, she would serve the master.

Danyelle stood in her new room peering into the full-length mirror. The room was decorated exactly as she asked in a pale blue with white trim outlining hardwood floors of oak, or teak, or some other expensive wood. Her master was nothing if not rich -- a mixture of new money with old-world greed. The mistress allowed her to pick her own linens and accessories and Danyelle did not waste the opportunity outfitting her new room in extravagant charm. Adjoined to her room is a full bath complete with stone shower with glass doors and a large garden tube with jets. Large windows peeked over the South garden where workers were busy building an apartment. In front of the garden and apartment spread the large pool. Danyelle stared at her reflection. The reflection staring back at her showed a young woman. Blonde hair fell straight down covering her breasts but exposing her sharp nipples. Flawless skin, milky white, and smooth covered her toned body. Cold blue eyes scanned her body now for marks or bruises. During her growth period, Danyelle would be careful to avoid bruising. A mark now would last forever. Satisfying the thong onto her hips, Danyelle turned to pick up her dress and again noticed the reflection in the mirror. Her butt was round and solid like a teenaged volleyball player and the thong sat perfectly on her apple bottom. She admired the muscled tone in her legs and stomach then she stepped into her dress. Danyelle thanked God the drugs never took away her youthful looks. Her master must never know about her past drug use and the men and women she satisfied to earn her vice. There was no doubt the new dress and shoes cost more than any amount of clothes Danyelle ever owned before, and Danyelle did not want to lose this opportunity at a better life. 

Hair pulled back tightly into a long ponytail, Danyelle slipped into the elegantly strapped high-heel shoes. The black dress fit expertly against her long slender frame; stopping just above the ankle. The neckline exposed part of her modest cleavage and the white gold pendent of her master's family crest. For a moment, she felt as beautiful as her master's wife. The mixture of pale skin and blonde hair against the deep silky texture of the black dress created a glowing effect. There was no doubt her master intended to create this effect when picking her outfit. Earlier in the day, a woman from town came to the house to prepare Danyelle's makeup and to give her both a manicure and pedicure. There was no need for the women to prepare her long blonde hair in an elaborate arraignment; the master preferred her long ponytail. Now, she fussed over her makeup a bit, dabbed on a bit of perfume and waited for a knock at the door. He always knocked. Danyelle though it was silly for him to knock on his slaves door. The act endured her to him even more. The man who rescued her from the vicious world she once lived. Maybe I am not a slave, she thought. The idea was absurd, of course. Danyelle was a slave but at least she was his slave. 

The master knocked sharply at 8 o'clock -- just as he said he would. Tall, beautiful, and kind, the master waited for Danyelle to open her door. In a courteous way, that Danyelle thought was unnecessary, he stood waiting patiently for her. Danyelle stood on the inside of the door smiling. Her prince charming, her savior, stood knocking at her door. The man who took her into his home and shared his life, his love, and his bed with her now stood waiting for her to invite him in. Danyelle could not contain her excitement any longer. She threw open the door and peered at her lover. The master smiled. Then, reaching out, he kindly took Danyelle by her arm to escort her downstairs. His suit cut was from the finest Italian cloth, deep blue in color almost black except in good light. Danyelle was pleased to be escorted by such a fine man. She would have been happy to walk behind him, but, of course, he was too much of a gentleman to carry on in such a way. They reached the door and waited for the wife to appear. The mistress would always make a grand entrance when the opportunity presented. Danyelle stole a look at her master's beautiful face just as his wife appeared on the stairway wearing a long red silk dress with white heels and accented with pearls around her neck. Her brown hair pulled up onto her head exposing her ample neck and bosom. Her earrings dangled below her cheekbones and reminded Danyelle that she forgot her own earrings. The wife's lips were painted in a deep red matching her dress. With each step, the high split exposed the wife's long tan legs.

"You've forgotten your earrings. Christian, go and retrieve them from her room," the mistress said as she reached the couple. 

The master spun quickly and bound the stairs in a few quick leaps. The master's wife looked at the beautiful blonde and spoke softly, "you look beautiful." 

"Thank you, Samara," Danyelle replied.

The earrings were diamond, of course, and dangled only a few inches below the ear. Surrounded by white gold, the two caret diamonds must have cost plenty, Danyelle thought as she hurriedly inserted them into their holes. Samara watched the young woman as she walked down the steps toward their vehicle. Memories of the long legs wrapped tightly around her waist gave Samara cause to gasp. The power within the girl was strong; Samara hid her desire and entered the front of the vehicle.

Inside the SUV, Danyelle relaxed. The master drove even though he could afford to be driven. The large SUV could carry six large adult men. This left Danyelle feeling small in the big back seat. She wished the master could have ridden in the back with her, or even better if she could have ridden in the front with him. The party they were attending was sure to contain many well-known people, people that Danyelle certainly did not know, but was excited to meet. She knew her role. Tonight, she would escort her master and his wife around the party and keep his wife company while he attended business. Danyelle and her mistress stepped out of the big SUV and were escorted to the front of the large home by two men in suits. Danyelle noticed that her mistress teased her escort as she slid out of the seat by exposing more leg than was required. A quick glance to her mistress' face revealed the woman was enjoying the attention. Danyelle looked around for her master and saw the valet otherwise preoccupied him. She breathed a sigh of relief and walked with her escort to the door. As the door opened, Danyelle saw the quests were all dressed similarly and were sitting and standing around a finely furnished room. The entryway was only a small area with marble floors furnished with racks for coats against the wall and an antique umbrella stand made of copper and cypress. A small wooden table held a picture frame of the Governor and his wife. Danyelle realized she stood in the Governor's mansion, escorted by one of the state's wealthiest men and his young wife. Danyelle wondered briefly if her roll was now to seduce the governor or someone close to him. Surely not, thought Danyelle. The dress, earrings, shoes, and not to mention the time and cost to have someone come out to the house to apply her makeup and other wonderful things were all too much just to seduce the Governor. Danyelle could do that in the backseat of the SUV in her blue jeans. No, Danyelle was here for another reason. 

"Lover," spoke the master. "Please take Danyelle to meet everyone while I attend to some business with the Governor. I will join you at dinner." 

Danyelle followed her mistress around the room meeting everyone. The small talk about her inclusion in the family, and how they met was short as if no one really cared. The mistress introduced Danyelle to the Governor's wife. A gracious host who offered Danyelle champagne and hors d'oeuvres, the Governor's wife was a tall thin woman of remarkable beauty, even at her age. She wore a long white formal gown with a conservative neckline. Her olive complexion accented the bright gown and contrasted remarkably to Danyelle and her mistress' beauty. Immediately, Danyelle sensed the woman knew her master intimately. The butler called dinner before Danyelle's jealousy could build and show on her face. She wondered if her mistress knew. The thought of her master pleasing another woman made Danyelle want to vomit. The champagne soured where before it was fruity and sparkly. Only the sight of her master calmed her down enough to eat. Danyelle sat across from the governor's wife, but avoided her gaze. The woman starred at her master throughout dinner.

The governor's wife chose her words and spoke to Christian. "So, Christian. How long has Danyelle been with you and Samara?" 

The visitors all looked at Christian, as if something wrong had been committed. Danyelle blushed. Everyone noticed. Her pale skin quickly turned red from the embarrassment. Everyone must know she was his whore, she thought. Samara touched her lover's leg reassuringly under the table and the girl's mood slowly changed. 

Christian looked at the group and then at the Governor and his wife. "As you may remember, we spoke briefly last week about Danyelle's arrival to our estate. She works for our company now. Danyelle's responsibilities include public relations."

"Among other things, I'm sure," spoke the Governor, a wry smile creasing his face just under the eyes. 

Danyelle looked at the dreadful man. His nearly bald dome and fat belly made him look like a poor Santa impersonator. Danyelle's anger grew and she bit hard on her bottom lip. Samara touched her hand and caressed her arm spiking energy through the young girl's body.

Christian smiled. Forever in control of his emotions, he spoke directly to the Governor, "Correct, she does have other duties. She will be responsible for ensuring the natural gas project has approval from the southern parishes of Louisiana. Danyelle has a gift at getting her way." Then, throwing a final dagger into the conversation, "And of course her youth and beauty make her impossible to say no to." Christian said this as he looked directly at the governor's wife. The woman understood that this young lover could take control of her husband whenever she wanted.

"Christian, you must forgive me. I did not mean to intrude. She is a lovely girl and I am sure she will make a wonderful addition to your company. How many people are you employing now?"

The witch conceded, thought Christian, for now. "Just over 600,000." 

Christian's private wealth had grown substantially during the last half century. His family owned gold mines and bought gold on the open markets for centuries. Christian's private companies owned most of the large private land tracts in the southern states as well as vast land holdings in Europe and the Middle East. Christian's fortune and the survival of his family rested on the young blond sitting across from governor's witch.

"Once the Southern Natural Gas Act gets passed and we begin extraction my company will employ nearly 10,000 new workers. As you know, your state will receive a large cash payment in royalties each year. Dividends will be double what Alaskans receive per year. Our solar power division supports 200,000 jobs in 12 states. The potential benefits of solar power far outweigh the loss in revenue from taxes on oil and petroleum based products."

Samara held Danyelle's hand and concentrated tightly on the witch across from them. The woman gave into her desire and gazed upon Samara's long neck and slim jaw line. Her large lips and wide mouth teased the older woman drawing her into the vixen's spell. Slowly, others began to discuss the plans along the southern states and the potential earnings from opening up natural gas extraction to Christian's company. The dinner party slowly began to relax and enjoy their meals. After dinner, the trio excused themselves. The long ride back to the desert oasis would take a while and Christian professed more tired than usual. As they left, the witch watched from the study. 

Danyelle considered her new position as girlfriend and slave to a wealthy man and his wife. Her ex-boyfriend would be surprised. Maybe she would call him one day soon to give him the news. He would be sour that she belonged to a rich man that treated her well and did not make her fuck other men for money.

The ride back lasted longer than Danyelle remembered, partly because of her sour mood. The governor and his wife were no friend to her or her lover and she was determined to never see them again. Secretly, Danyelle hoped she would not be needed tonight; she had a phone call to make. 

At home, the couple mentioned nothing of needing Danyelle further so she went to her room to wait until everyone was asleep, then she would call her ex and tell him her good fortune. She wanted to tell him about meeting the governor and her new rich master. As Danyelle undressed, she felt a light sensation move across her body. She could feel a slight power within her. Noises from outside brought Danyelle's attention to the window where below her masters were entering the pool -- naked. 

Danyelle suddenly longed to feel the touch of her master. The desire burned inside her and lust steadily grew within her loins. Quickly, Danyelle undressed and hurried downstairs hoping no one would catch her slipping into the study to use the phone. Just a brief call to tell him her good fortune and then she would banish him from her life forever. Only a few people stayed overnight at the estate, so the house was nearly empty. The housekeeper being the main person Danyelle feared would catch her; she quickly dialed her ex-boyfriend's cell number keeping an ear tuned for footsteps in the long hallway. After 10 rings, Danyelle hung up. She quickly left the study when suddenly the phone rang - Danyelle paused. Silence. Still naked, she crept back into the study and picked up the phone placing her hand over the receiver. She could hear her ex talking like the drunk he is and the young housekeeper assuring him no one called him. She stood listening to the horrible man curse at the young girl and then the soft reply that he must never call here again. She covered her body as if the man could somehow imagine her nakedness. Danyelle quietly replaced the phone's receiver and ran through the home, escaping her past and dove into the large swimming pool. Years of swimming lessons and trips to the coast conditioned her body for rigorous swimming and now she swam as if her demons were catching up to her. Immediately, she knew what she had to do.

"I've made a mistake," said Danyelle splashing through the water and gulping in air. The couple, previously engaged in embrace paused to revere the naked beauty crashing through the shallow end of the pool as if someone chased her. Calmly, the master took the young girl in his arms, kissed her passionately on the lips, and reassuringly cupped her face in his hands. Danyelle melted under his embrace the feeling of power tingling within her. The master knew what troubled her.

The mistress took her now, stroked the hair out of her eyes, and wiped away chlorine and tears. "Tell us," she said. "Tell us everything."

Danyelle, naked and shivering, told the two masters everything - the drug use, the prostitution, the ex boyfriend who beat her and pimped her out to strangers, and finally about calling him tonight. In the end, Danyelle felt liberated.

Christian took a moment and then said, "Tomorrow, I will deal with the ex-boyfriend, but you must decide now if you want to be here with us, or there with him. If you choose to be here with us, then you must never contact him again. Do you understand? You are very special to us, but this man could harm us." 

His large hands held hers. Her long, white fingers pale against his tan skin. The man was large and muscular with a square jaw and large mouth with thick red lips. His eyes were grey - blue, and showed little sympathy for those who crossed him. As a lover and husband, Danyelle knew no one better, but she knew his temper was furious and feared his anger.

Danyelle nodded. She chose to be with her master and his beautiful wife. Contacting him would endanger the family. Her actions could harm her master, his wife, or any of the people he protected. Danyelle cried as the lovers touched her body. The thought of anyone harming her masters greatly affected her mood and Samara immediately felt the girl's emotions. There was no way anyone would ever harm them as long as she could defend them, she thought. 

Christian led the young blonde from the pool and walked toward the cabana, their naked bodies dripping water along the stone patio. At first Danyelle feared the big man. His ability to control Danyelle worried her. The powerful muscles were no match for her slender body and she feared her call might have triggered his rage. Behind her, the beautiful mistress climbed from the pool, her naked and smooth body glistening in the moon light. The look of lust burning in her eyes, Samara watched as the big man lifted Danyelle onto the bar. 

Christian began caressing her thighs and back, and then kissed along her elegant neck. Her smooth skin made him erect for the passion she contained. Samara slowly kissed the girls neck and chest leading down to the girl's soft mound. 

"Danyelle, you are so beautiful. We are so happy to have you here with us," said Samara as she kissed and nibbled on Danyelle's stomach and hips. 

Samara kissed and caressed the young girl's body as Christian lowered his head between her legs. Samara kissed her husband, tasting the other girl's flavor. Danyelle relaxed her mind enjoying the passion the two lovers gave. Christian's golden tongue slowly caressed the outside of Danyelle's smoothly shaved mound. She could feel stubble from his afternoon beard against her thighs. As if perfectly timed, both lovers began to swirl their tongues -- Samara slowly around her nipples and Christian expertly against her moist folds. 

Tears welled in Danyelle's eyes as her master and his lovely wife caressed and kissed her body. She knew the danger and disappointment the lovers must feel at her betrayal. Danyelle knew she must offer herself to them. Only as their slave could she mend the broken trust. 

Samara sensed her morose mood and acted quickly upon the young girl. The mistress kissed the girl's full lips biting gently on her lower lip and tugging outward. Her breath smelled like warm vanilla and her saliva tasted sweet like fresh honey. Samara peered deeply into her lover's eyes. The cold blue reflections of the night showed her mood. Samara began to kiss her more deeply, pulling herself onto the bar with her lover.

Christian watched as his wife straddled his lover. The two girls were close, and soon Danyelle's mood would change. He quickened his paced and pushed deeper with his tongue as the girl began to move her hips. Danyelle sighed. Soon.
