 Viviana swung her legs off of the stale, straw mattress and set her feet on the cold, wooden floor. The inn was austere, but the room served its purpose, and it was all she could afford. She rose cautiously, anticipating the bone-deep pain that was becoming all too familiar, and peeked around the window curtain to see the horizon beginning to glow with the breaking dawn. 

It was time for her to leave. 

Still too dark in the room to see clearly, she lit the bedside candle, illuminating the relaxed features of the young man reposed in the bed. She knew that neither the light nor her movements would wake him. His deep, healing sleep would last a few hours yet. 

Viviana carried the candle to the small desk, furnished with quill pen, inkpot and paper. Under the glow of the candlelight, she wrote her note to the blind young man, smiling at the irony. 

It's true that before she had taken him to bed that night, before she had taken him into herself, he had been blind. An affliction in childhood had stolen his sight, leaving him with little hope of a life other than begging in the street. But she also knew that when he opened his eyes in a few hours, he would blink in amazement at the light not seen in so many years. 

He would also find her gone. She had bestowed the divine gift, and now her task was done. 

Her note was simple: "Dearest Rello, The gods have restored your sight. Give thanks and forever cherish this gift." She knew it was likely that he hadn't learned to read before his blindness struck, but she had little doubt he would find someone to read it to him. 

Viviana set the note on the nightstand and began dressing, wincing from the throbbing in her bones and grating in her joints. She was only twenty-six years old and all outward appearances would indicate that she was a healthy young woman. But inside she suffered the terrible toll that bestowing her gift took on her. 

When it all began three years ago, she had felt no ill effects, and revelled in being chosen by the gods as a conduit for their gift of healing. And the sex ... well, that she enjoyed a great deal as well. 

But in the past half a year, something had changed. Now, with each healing gift bestowed, she felt the sickness within herself deepen. Yet the gods continued to impel her on to the next chosen recipient of their gift, deaf to her prayers of respite and heedless of her own suffering. 

Nevertheless, it was not her place to question the gods or their use of their chosen ones. Besides, even if it meant her death, she would still gladly give one more person the gift of healing. To suffer for the good of others is to live a worthy life, no matter how short. She believed that through to her core. 

Viviana gazed one last time on the young man, recalling with warmth how aroused and grateful he had been to be taken to bed by a woman, in all likelihood his first. 

Men liked to look. Deprived of sight, this young man had done his looking with his hands. The memory of his hungry palms and fingers exploring her body and the reverence in his touch would not soon be forgotten. She grinned, remembering how much attention he had given her ample breasts, caressing and squeezing them, tweaking and licking her hardened nipples, grasping the soft flesh firmly as he climaxed within her at the moment of her own orgasm. No question, young Rello was a boob man. 

"'Tis a shame I cannot show you with your new eyes what you surveyed so well with your tender hands," she said aloud as she buttoned her dress over her cleavage. She took one of those tender hands to her lips for a kiss, then laid it back across his chest. "Farewell, sweet Rello." 

Viviana took her leave of the sleeping man. 

********** 

Two weeks. A mere two weeks was all she was given to regain her strength. The gods demand much of those who carried their gifts. 

The morning she left Rello still asleep in the inn, she had purchased passage with a caravan that took her several towns away. It would never do to have one of her beneficiaries find her afterwards, mistaking her gift for personal love. With lives restored, they were meant to move on, to build upon the new opportunity the gods had given them, not to fixate on the instrument of their healing. 

Every day on the road and at every temple along the way, Viviana prayed, giving thanks for the honour and privilege of her role in healing others while at the same time humbly asking for healing for herself. 

The gods had remained silent, and her body continued to ache and burn inside, as if filled with the toxins of the afflictions she saw removed from others in the moment she infused them with her blessed orgasm. 

Now the gods had finally spoken, but it was not to respond to her pleas. Her dream the night before had been of a man, just past his thirtieth year. He was a man of status and means and she saw that he lay in his bed all night and through every day. But it was not sloth or privilege that kept him in his bed, but paraplegia. A fall from horseback six months ago had broken his back, and ensuing circumstances had broken his spirit. The gods had chosen their next child whom they wished to make whole, and were once again calling upon their healing instrument. 

That morning Viviana raised her aching body with resolve and caught a coach to the neighbouring town. 

********** 

"Viviana!" 

Responding to the summons, Viviana scurried into the spacious bedchamber. "Yes, my lord?" 

"Did I ask for a cold drink?" the man in the bed demanded. 

"No, my lord, you asked for your night tea. Hot tea, I assumed, as usual before you go to sleep." 

"Then why do you bring me tea that it would be generous to call warm?" 

Viviana remained silent, recognizing another irrational rebuke. 

"Do you know how to boil water, girl?" 

"I do, my lord." 

"Then take this away and bring me a proper cup of tea!" 

Viviana gathered the tray and left the room to prepare another cup of tea for her employer, practiced in her movements to conceal any signs of the pain that relentlessly shot through her limbs, not that the self-absorbed lord would notice anyone else's suffering. 

After arriving in town three weeks ago, it had taken Viviana just one day to gain employment in the wealthy man's household. Few servants stayed long, abused by their employer's capriciousness and frequent reprimands. But Viviana knew the man's tyrannical manner was merely a symptom of the pain he felt in spirit after suffering the damage to his body. She knew he was simply a man in need of healing, and that's why the gods had brought her here. All that remained was for her to complete her seduction and deliver her healing gift. 

Lord Elwin was his name. And he had lost more than the use of his legs. He had lost his fiancée in the bargain. Viviana learned this from the other servants and quickly deduced that it was the source of his deeper pain, and the reason for his lashing out. He must have truly loved her. 

Returning with newly steeped tea at a scalding temperature, she set the tray by his bedside, then sat on the edge of the mattress. Lord Elwin looked up at her, startled by her presumptuousness. 

"Did I invite you to sit?" 

"Tell me, my lord," Viviana said, ignoring his irascibility, "the photo you keep in your bedside drawer, the one I have seen you looking at, is that your fiancée?" 

He glared at her. "You are very bold for a servant." 

"So you have already told me. Is that who she is?" 

After several more seconds of a reproachful stare, Lord Elwin said, "former fiancée." 

Viviana nodded sympathetically. "I see. So after you were injured, she left?" 

His eyes flashed and he snapped, "He took her!" Then, composing himself, he said more calmly, "She did not leave. Her father took her." 

Viviana sat silently watching the lord, letting him come to it on his own. 

"Once her father learned that I had been rendered ... unfit, he cancelled the engagement and took his daughter away. Rightly so, it might be said." 

"Might it be?" Viviana challenged. "You mean she didn't love you?" 

"She loved me deeply, and I her," he stated defiantly. 

"Then why didn't you go after her?" 

Again his anger surged. "I feel nothing from the waist down, girl! How can I go after her with legs that are dead? And what if I did? How can I give her children with a cock that is dead?" 

"My lord, you tell me that this woman's father took her away, deeming you to be unfit to wed his daughter. And you tell me that without the use of your lower body, you have also decided that you are unfit to wed this woman because you cannot make her a mother. My lord, has anyone asked this woman what she wants?" 

Lord Elwin's jaw slackened and he looked away. 

"There are many ways for two people who love each other ... to love each other," Viviana said. 

"You mock me." 

"My lord, I do not." 

"Leave me," he said simply. 

Viviana rose and moved to the door. There she turned back to the bedridden man. "Even after being sedentary for these many months, I find you to be very fit, my lord." 

Once again he shot a startled look at his audacious servant as she exited his bedchamber. 

********** 

In the days that followed Viviana's insubordination, she noticed a difference in her employer. While his words we no less harsh than they had been, he was less inclined to order her out of his room, and on occasion he even spoke to her with civility. Though he stopped short of opening up personally any further than he had, it was obvious Viviana had succeeded in striking her first crack in his defensive wall. 

When Viviana wore a plunging dress that revealed her cleavage, Lord Elwin no longer protested. Nor did he seem to mind any longer when his servant reached over him instead of walking around to the other side of the bed, resulting in a breast being pressed against his chest or even his cheek. At such times, Viviana distinctly heard his inhalation in pursuit of her scent. 

The time was ripe. 

Carrying the tray with her lord's bedtime tea, she ensured today that the drink was merely lukewarm. Upon entering the bedchamber, she said cheerfully, "Your night tea, my lord, as scalding hot as the kettle itself, just the way you like it." 

Rounding the bed, she feigned a stumble, letting the tea spill down her front. With a sharp inhalation (dispensing with a scream that would draw the attention of other staff) she dropped the tray and clutched at her dress. 

Lord Elwin pushed himself upright and exclaimed, "Are you all right?" 

Today Viviana had worn a dress that buttoned up the front. The buttons flew off as she tore the tea-soaked dress open and let it fall to the floor. Beneath it she wore nothing. The gentle flickering of the lamplight in the darkened room danced over her wet skin. 

Still bracing himself on quivering arms, Lord Elwin stared fixedly at Viviana's large breasts for a few moments before letting his gaze slide down her body, eyes widening at the groomed triangle of her exposed pubic hair before continuing down her lithe legs, then back up again to her face. 

"A-Are you all right?" he repeated meekly. 

Viviana snatched up her dress off the floor and held it in front of her in mock modesty. "Forgive me, my lord. The tea was hot." 

"Are you burned?" he asked, sounding sincerely concerned. 

"No, the clothes prevented it reaching my skin," she answered. "I must go get another dress. I will return to clean this up." 

At the door, she glanced over her shoulder, satisfied to note his stare locked on her naked bottom as she glided out of the room. 

********** 

Lord Elwin's expression upon Viviana's return was of a very different nature than his usual simmering scowl. His lips hung loosely apart instead of being pressed into a perpetual frown, and instead of being knit together, his eyebrows hovered high over widened eyes as he watched the young woman cleaning up the shattered teacup and spilled liquid. 

Viviana made a point to not look at the man laying in the bed, the man who was finally yielding to her allure. She wanted to let him stare at her, to look through her dress as if it was not there, remembering what he had seen, and to desire it. That desire was blessed by the gods and would lead to his healing. 

The replacement dress she chose was no more than a simple shift, loose and formless, but also thin with a generously open neckline. As she moved around the floor on hands and knees, taking her time with the cleaning, she made sure to offer her admirer unobstructed views down her open top where her hanging boobs swayed and jiggled with her efforts. And she also turned her bottom his way, where her shapely ass was well defined through the thin material. 

Her ailing body protested the position on the hard floor and her joints cried out, but she made sure to hide it. She was determined to accomplish her mission, even if the gods refused her own healing. 

When she finally rose to face her employer, his eyes were glazed with wonder and he said, "You are very beautiful." 

Since she wore the plainest of shapeless dresses, she had a pretty good idea that he was talking about something else. 

"Thank you, my lord." 

"You do not wear underclothes," he said next, and then she was certain what he was talking about. 

"My lord, I do not," she replied. 

Blinking as if breaking from a trance, Lord Elwin turned away. "I'm not a fool. I can see you are trying to seduce me, thought that only makes you the fool. You know very well my condition." 

Viviana stepped closer to her master's bedside and took his hand, lifting it gently to one breast. He turned his face away, but he did not resist her directing of his hand. 

"There are many ways to give pleasure and to receive pleasure," she said, and she felt the slightest squeeze of his hand on her soft mound. 

"I have nothing to give you," he said dejectedly and tried to pull his hand away, but Viviana held it fast. 

"But my lord," she said, "I have something to give you." 

Viviana released his hand, letting it slide off her breast, and moved away. Crossing the room to the door, she turned the lock, then returned to Lord Elwin's bedside. In one smooth motion she pulled the shift over her head, revealing the full glory of her nakedness. She ran her fingers through her long, thick black hair and shook it out over her shoulders. Taking one step closer to the bed, she looked the wounded man in the eyes and said, "Will you receive my gift?" 

Lord Elwin nodded once slowly. 

"Then let's try this again," Viviana said, taking his hand once more and placing it on her breast, this time flesh to flesh. She felt an acceptance in his touch and this time his squeeze was firmer. 

Viviana took a deep, fortifying breath, bracing herself for the toll of what was to come. As much as she knew she would enjoy this, as she always did, she also knew there was no way around it — this would need to be a two-step healing. Two orgasms. That meant twice the draw on her mystical energy. Climbing onto the bed and straddling her master's abdomen, she pushed the negative thoughts from her mind, embracing instead the pleasure she was about to receive as well as to give. 

Lord Elwin stared openly at her boobs, but made no move to reconnect with his hands. Viviana leaned slightly forward and wriggled her shoulders to swing her hanging tits from side to side. She said, "My lord, please enjoy." 

He needed no further prompting. In an instant his hands were clasping her boobs, cupping them to feel their weight, squeezing the soft flesh. She let him delight in his play for a few moments, then gently drew his hands away and leaned forward until her boobs hung over his face, one nipple grazing his lips. 

First his tongue slid forth to find her nipple, flicking and swirling around it, making it hard. Then he wrapped his mouth around it for a full taste, sending a jolt of pleasure through her. As she pressed her boob into his face she was pleased to feel that he displayed admirable skill with his tongue. 

Drawing back, Viviana lifted her master's nightshirt off, then stood up on the mattress, one foot planted on each side of his bare ribcage. His startled gaze went straight to the erotic valley of desire laid open by her spread legs. 

"You said you have nothing to give me," Viviana said in mock rebuke. "Foolish man." 

Languidly she sank to her knees astride his face. When she felt the first drag of his tongue along her soft cleft, she closed her eyes, moaned with pleasure and spread her knees wider to press herself against his mouth. 

Whatever finesse he may have displayed with her nipple was abandoned under the force of sheer sexual hunger. Digging his fingers into her ass cheeks, he attacked her pussy like a starving animal. With his mouth spread wide over her labia, he shoved his tongue into her hole with vigour, as if he was trying to lick her very womb. She could feel his teeth marking her soft flesh and the sensation of the hard bone pressing against her clit thrilled her. 

"Oh yes, my lord, taste my juices," Viviana breathed heavily. Encouraged, her master's tongue began a rapid snaking from her vagina to her clit, back up into her hole, and back again to her pleasure bud. Faster and faster he went, eating her and grunting with satisfaction. Viviana felt her orgasm rising. "I'm coming! Show me, my lord, show me how much you like the taste of my pussy! Drink my nectar!" 

Her orgasm exploded over her and she pressed down on his face. His tongue never stopped moving and her hips bucked and jerked as he sucked at her noisily, lapping her healing juices. 

When her hips stopped quivering she allowed him a last few licks, satisfied at the sounds of his swallowing. She wriggled down alongside him on the bed, laying her head on his shoulder. Gently she ran her finger across his lips and chin, glistening with the fluids from her blessed vagina. 

When his heavy breathing calmed, Lord Elwin looked into Viviana's eyes. "I feel like I have drunk the finest wine straight from the gods." 

"How beautifully put, my lord. But I hope my wine has not made you too drowsy." 

"Drowsy!" he exclaimed. "I suppose I should be after such excitement, but no, I am not. Not at all. It's strange. I don't know what you are made of, sweet girl, but I could lick you all day and never grow tired. I haven't felt this good in such a long —" 

At his abrupt silence, Viviana asked if something was wrong. He lifted his head and stared down his body, whispering in awe, "How can this be?" 

Viviana followed his startled gaze to what had suddenly drawn his attention. It now also drew hers. An impressive bulge was tenting his loose cotton pants quite aggressively. 

"How can this be?" he repeated. "I haven't had ... I ... I can't believe it. Since the accident, I haven't been able to ... to ..." 

"Well, are we going to just lie here marvelling at this rather substantial miracle?" Viviana asked, slipping her hand into his pants and wrapping her hand around the thick shaft, feeling it's urgent throbbing. "Or are we going to do something with it?" 

Viviana worked his bed pants off his hips and down his still unresponsive legs, revealing a solid tower of an erection rising from a tuft of black curly hair. Step one of this mission achieved, she thought, with some satisfaction. She would enjoy taking him inside her, all the better to bring on her second orgasm and deliver her full gift, a sacred purpose she was committed to fulfilling despite her pervading pains. 

Already she felt the effects of the first healing orgasm's drain on her system. A deep, weakening ache weighed on her joints, threatening to bring her down, but she refused to let it. Mustering her strength and boosting it with her own genuine desires, she straddled her stunned master's hips and grinned at him as she pressed her hot, soaked crotch against his erection. 
