 Lahri had been in the Royal Castle for perhaps two days when she realized she wasn't exactly loved by the other women in the place. Concerning women, the king had a wife, two daughters, two sisters, and two sister-in-laws in the castle. The older women had the decency to at least pretend they appreciated Lahri's existence. As for the two daughters, Prince Vansoth's sisters, they tended to give her the most unpleasant looks. Lahri didn't say anything about it. She didn't think she could do anything about it. 

But on the morning after the second day, she found out that all of her gowns had been cut to shreds, cleanly cut, as if someone had used a pair of satisfyingly useful scissors. 

Tarabell pitied her and gave her a gown. "Never you worry, Sister," she said to Lahri, patting her shoulder, "I'll report this to the queen." 

"We don't know who did this," Lahri countered. 

"Is that so?" Tarabell put her fingers over Lahri's destroyed clothing and pinched up a few strands of black hair. "Both of the king's daughters have black hair, Sister." 

Tugging on one of her fingers, Lahri said to Tarabell with a hushed tone, "The queen herself could have done this." 

"Nonsense!" Tarabell said as she started combing her hair. 

Later, just when all the women had finished eating breakfast, and when all the dirty dishes had been handed to the centaur servants, Queen Chiana Lenzyn Geitana told all the women to remain at the table. The centaurs on the other side peered at the women with pitying eyes. Lahri held her baby closer to her body. Her teeth gnashed. What in the world was this powerful woman going to do?! 

The queen very elegantly rose from her cushion on the floor. Her face was seemingly blank, but Lahri thought she detected some vexation in her eyes. Her bare feet pressed on the lavish mats as she quickly went to the open walls. She closed all of them, hiding everyone from the men. Then she closed locks over the tight gaps. 

Her skirt and sleeves fluttered as she whipped around. 

Then she shuffled right between her two daughters, knelt down, and put her clawed fingers and stiff palms on the backs of their heads. 

And she rammed their faces right onto the dining table. The thick, painful noises had everyone else gasping and quivering. There was blood! 

Then the queen literally threw her daughters into a wall and told one of her husband's sisters to, "get the cane." 

The queen had never needed a cane for walking ... so ... 

Lahri got to her feet and backed away, gently rocking her screaming baby. Her sight was fuzzy, but she could tell that nobody was doing anything to stop the violence. 

She reached behind herself and blindly searched for a groove in a wall so she could open it. Victory was found. She pulled the wall, retreated into another area, and closed the wall. 

Perhaps half an hour later, during which there was a great deal of screaming, Lahri found out that not only were the young princesses beaten, but they were also expected to compensate their brother's favorite maiden. Expensive, colorful silks and the like would be taken from the royal treasury, where many other rare and costly items were stored. Then, with their aunts taking turns to supervise them, the princesses would use these fabrics to sew together replacement clothing. Each finished garment would be inspected by the aunts, then by Prince Vansoth, and then the queen herself. 

Well, of course the young princesses had to be given enough time to recuperate from their injuries, but as soon as they were able they would sew. They wouldn't be allowed to socialize with any men. They wouldn't even be allowed to show their faces to them. There would be no other pleasurable activities, either. No walking in the gardens. No dancing. No singing. No playing music. No reading. No writing. None of that until all the clothing was finished. 

There were even temporary restrictions placed on their diets. No desserts, of course. Nothing particularly spicy either. And no meat nor fish. Their new "punishment diet" would consist of foods such as plain gruel, plain boiled eggs, raw cabbage and sprouts, boiled pasta with no sauce nor seasonings, dry lentils, and whole nuts. 

A few more minutes after the beating, Queen Chiana sought Lahri out, tapped her shoulder with a perfectly manicured hand, and gave her a calm yet somehow intimidating smile. All Lahri could think about at that time was how violent the woman could be. She trembled under the queen's gaze and shielded baby Meia's head with her hand. 

Prince Vansoth's mother was such a tall woman too! 

"Come, Little Darling," the queen said. "We'll have a journey in the gardens." 

Lahri forced a biting grin. 

She watched the queen tie a pair of bright stockings on her legs. Then she put on a set of pliable shoes. Lahri was already wearing footwear even though all the other women thought that was a strange thing to do in this weather while indoors. 

The queen led her to an exit door. That door led to a smooth, shiny pathway of clean stone. The pathway was kept under a tall tunnel of openwork metal. Essentially, it was a long cage with an arched roof. There was enough width in the path for three average women to stand side-by-side. 

And there were plants, of course, right outside the cage. Trees, bushes, flower beds, all with an astounding variety, and flowers weren't the only pretty things. Fruits, vegetables, nuts, and herbs were available for admiration. Lahri remained a few steps behind the queen as they walked down the path, and she listened to the regal, frightening woman speak about the previous events. 

"I am highly embarrassed, Lady Lahri. My daughters seemed to have assumed you were not worthy of their brother's attention because you are not a native." Her well adorned yet mature hairstyle shimmered in the daylight as she looked back at Lahri with a rather ... knowing smile. Her black eyes were not very loving. "Such useless and unjustified haughtiness is unwelcome in this family." 

With a bow, Lahri said very seriously, "Yes, Your Majesty." She stroked her child's head. Meia was strapped to her again. 

"I should apologize to you," the queen said as she halted to look at a pretty blue flower. "I imagine I was not a good mother to my daughters, and that is why they became so disagreeable." 

Shaking her head, Lahri said, "I must respectfully object. I believe that even a flawless parent could have a disobedient child, and I'm certain that your daughters have learned their lesson very well." Meia made a particularly funny gurgle. Lahri smiled at her, but the smile died quickly. "In fact ... " She looked back up to the queen. " ... oh, I'm concerned that Her Majesty would be angry with me." 

Queen Chiana's eyes slid in her direction, but her head didn't move. "Speak to me, Darling." 

Lahri swallowed nothing. Then she said, "I was imagining that Her Majesty might be so kind as to put a drop of leniency towards her daughters. Perhaps ... they could be allowed to eat meat and fish?" 

The queen's eyes went back to the flower. Her voice was so cold that Lahri wouldn't have been to surprised if a layer of frost killed the delicate plants. "You wouldn't question my judgment, would you?" 

Immediately, Lahri blurted out, "Oh, no! No, Your Majesty! I ... I suppose I felt some pity for your daughters. To go on without meat and fish when you've been raised with it seems very harsh to me." Actually, the physical punishment was what seemed harsh to her, but she wasn't about to give an opinion on that matter. This suggestion concerning the food was only an attempt at making the princess' situation less severe. 

Queen Chiana turned to face Lahri. There was a smile on her face, but Lahri didn't trust it. "Darling ... you should braid your hair." She stepped closer to the younger woman, and to Lahri's discomfort, the queen put her fingertips under her chin as if she wanted to look at the redhead's face much more clearly. Her smooth fingers were warm. "A bit of rouge on your lips would enhance your eyes." 

Lahri turned her eyes away. The queen's dark stare was both judgmental and frightening. 

The queen moved away. "And you should try to smile more often. You have a pretty smile." 

As Lahri watched the queen walk away, she exhaled and wondered how strict this woman could be. 

*** 

Concerning the recent misbehavior of the two young princesses, Vansoth agreed with his father, brothers, and uncles. It was shameful. Vansoth did pity his sisters, however, when he learned that their noses were broken. He couldn't ever remember those girls ever having a broken ... well ... anything. His mother must have been furious. 

But, at least, he understood why she was furious. 

There wasn't much to be done for it, though. Those princesses had disgraced themselves and their family, especially their mother. The rest of their punishment seemed reasonable to him. Certainly, they should make new clothing for Lady Lahri. Of course they would be confined and have restricted diets. Even a caning on their backsides seemed fine to Vansoth. 

But broken noses? 

Oddly, it had him thinking of miserable war scenes he had experienced, but he told himself not to worry, and everything was actually moving along the way he wanted. 

On the afternoon after the beating incident, Lady Lahri watched from her kneeling position in the women's quarters as the queen played a flute for everyone's pleasure. The men watched from their space, of course. 

Lahri looked different, but still beautiful. Vansoth's chests tingled and swelled as his eyes cherished her appearance. Her red hair was set in four looped braids, two crossed and looped on each side of her face. There weren't any ribbons or precious materials in her hair, only wooden clasps; it was very plain. It was also lovely, framing her innocent face and enhancing her features. 

Still, he was planning on giving her some hair ornaments. 

Her lips seemed pinker than normal. Was that some rouge? How adorable! 

Some time later in the day, Vansoth asked Lahri for a private moment with her. She bowed and looked for a certain long handle of wood. Then she clicked this handle inside a hole in her baby's box bed so she could pull the bed along. Little wheels had recently been attached the the box's bottom. 

When the couple had found a quiet, empty area, they both rolled and locked walls to keep them separated. Then, with baby Meia a few inches away from her mother, the couple started a pleasant little chat. Vansoth gave her his gift a few minutes in the conversation. It was a lacquered case that contained gold wires, a tortoise shell comb, a thin pair of pliers, and shiny gemstone beads, violet and blue spheres that any princess would love to have. 

Lahri's cheeks flushed every bit as pink as her lips, and she turned her head to look down at the wiggling little Meia. "Oh, Your Highness, I'm so humbled." 

Vansoth was still holding the opened case out to her. "I'd be honored, My Lady, if you would place these ornaments in your beautiful hair." 

Meia made a happy little squeal as her mother stroked her tiny lips with her fingertip. "I suppose it would be unmannered to refuse you." 

His tail perked up as a bit of creativity sparked in his brain. "I'd love to assist you. I could thread the jewels and put the wires in your hair." 

Lahri's eyebrows rose. "Could that be done well?" 

Vansoth nodded and snorted. "Yes, My Lady. However, I'd need to loosen your braids and comb your hair." 

"Hmmm ... " Lahri fluffed up her baby's red hair. "Very well. That would be nice." She turned around and knelt on a cushion so he could reach all of her pretty hair. 

She smelled so pure and clear! 

He had to stomp on the dirt and pat his own cheek to calm himself down. 

Attentive, meticulous, Vansoth took the soft braids into his long fingers. He removed the clasps and unwound the plaits. Her natural scents burst into all his lungs. Vansoth had to remind himself that a child was nearby, and he had to keep his reactions restrained. 

"Is it common for the men here to style a woman's hair?" Lahri asked. 

As he was combing the hair, Vansoth was imagining something with smaller, thinner braids on top of a smooth coiffure. "I believe that depends on the family. I have combed and braided my sisters' hair on occasion, but they normally style their hair on their own. Artistic expressions, including hair arrangement, are treasured by higher class women because they are normally kept indoors." 

"Oh," she said, "so, the women need something to do, otherwise they'll become insane." 

Vansoth laughed at that, dropping her hair and putting a hand to his first chest. "You'll have me forgetting every sad thought I've ever had. You're such an amusing spoonful of pudding." He took a few more breaths ... still inhaling the woman's sweetness ... and he started threading the gemstones with the gold wires. "Have you learned the Peeking Game yet?" 

"I've certainly watched the performances." 

He was using the pliers to bend, twist, and curl the gold wires at certain points in her hair. "I'd love to play the game with you." 

Her nape was so soft! He wanted to nibble on her right there!! 

"Well ... I could make an effort." 

He looked forward to that. 

When Lahri's hair was finally finished, Vansoth put his materials down, clapped his hands together, and said, "There, your hair is dressed. Some might call this style masculine, but it doesn't matter." 

Most of the hair on her scalp was as smooth as curly hair could be, meaning that it wasn't braided or weaved. There were some thin braids in even rows on top, however, with golden wires spiraled around each one. At her nape, her hair was bound by a tight coil of more gold with more decorative wires in long strands, with the gemstones threaded in alternating colors. There were thick knots at the ends of these wires to keep the stones in place. These long strings of beads were loosely hanging around the rest of the hair, which was in a final plait. 

He was proud of himself. 

Vansoth asked her to go to a mirror to examine his work. She got up, turned around, and bowed to him. Then she rolled her baby with herself as she moved walls and went off to the nearest mirror. Vansoth impatiently pawed for the next few moments, but he was soon comforted by Lahri's return. She had her baby again, and she closed the walls again. 

And she was smiling. 

"It's glorious, Your Highness!" 

Vansoth grinned as he pushed the case of materials off to one side. "I'm relieved, My Lady. Do you believe you could replicate the style on your own?" 

"I imagine so." She went down to her cushion and scooted a an inch or so closer to him. Then, as she looked away, she held out her palm. 

Vansoth put his hand over hers and closed his fingers, holding her gently, loving the soft heat. 

"Your Highness ... I ... " There were small, worried lines under Lahri's green eyes. "I must confess that I have more concerns in this place." 

"Oh?" He held her hand closer to his face, and then he kissed her the fragile underside of her wrist. It was just as wonderful as a flower petal. "Please explain." 

"I'm wondering what could happen if I were to offend the queen. I wouldn't purposely do so, but I know it would likely be inevitable." 

Vansoth lowered her hand and released it. He then drummed his fingertips on her little shoulder. "You would certainly offend her at least once, but you shouldn't be afraid of her. You aren't the sort to, for example, purposely destroy another's property." His fingers went up to her earlobe. There was a small piercing there. "I should give you some earrings." 

Lahri's eyes were still troubled when she looked up at him. "What if there's a misunderstanding? If we marry ...?" 

Vansoth tapped his lips with a single finger. "If we marry, you will be the bearer of future heirs, her grandchildren. She'll be required to protect you and see to your health, and she takes pride in fulfilling her duties. Your nose won't be broken by her. I promise." 

She sighed. Her voice wilted. "But ... what if she does hurt me?" 

He hugged her then, tight and happy. Disgusting images danced in his brain, memories of war, and his own imaginings of Lahri being assaulted. But he forced his misery down his throat and ignored it. He smiled into Lahri's skin. Then he murmured to her, "I'll personally carry you to another section of the women's quarters, and I'll be certain that you have locks to keep yourself away from her. Still, I don't believe she would harm you. She knows you're courteous." 

Apparently soothed, Lahri relaxed in his arms. 

Vansoth loved her scent! 

"I'd never question your motherly skills, but I do wonder if little Meia could benefit from some minutes of privacy?" 

Lahri let her fingernails lightly graze his cheek as she slowly left him to move the baby away. Her hips moved in an enchanting way under her pretty, if borrowed, gown. She put Meia's bed, with Meia in it, in a little area a reasonable distance away and closed walls to give the child that privacy she would certainly benefit from. Then Lahri's footsteps turned rapid as she hurried back to Vansoth. 

Her palms went up to his first chest. Her cheek went there too. Of course, he reacted. He ran his hands over every part he could reach, kissing her hairline. Then he touched under her chin to put her painted lips to his. He sucked that pink rouge right off. It tasted like clay and flowers. 

There was a pulsing in Vansoth's body. Both penises were trying to peek out. The first one was digging in his tunic, and into the sweet woman's belly. He knew it would have been rude to ask for intercourse, but he could ask for something else, and he did so with fire in his words. 

"Would you let me taste you? A part of you that's not your mouth?" 

Lahri's lips parted, but she didn't seem angry. "Do you ... want to taste my fingers?" 

Not grinning was difficult for him. "Eventually, but I want something else now." 

Grinning was easy for her. She beamed up at him. "My toes?" 

Vansoth's eyes widened and he took a quick breath. Heat coated him from his scalp to his tail. "Ah, certainly, but perhaps on another day." 

Making light and happy mewls, Lahri nuzzled his bosom. But her voice became husky. "Then show me what you want to taste." 

That was when Vansoth reached around, tugging on the string laces at her back. He untied the knot and put a more natural looseness in the top of her gown. Lahri let her pretty pale eyelashes hide her eyes, but she didn't protest at all. The neckline fell down her shoulders, then lower, and lower, until it was right under her bosom. Her chemise was still there, but that wasn't a problem. He pushed that down too. 

A beautiful pair of plump breasts. 

His arm hooked under her bottom. The other supported her back. He lifted her so he could wind his tongue around and around one of her nipples. Lahri's back curled and she wailed out, "Ohhhhh, please!! I'm too sensitive!!" 

Well, that meant he had to do something more, didn't it? 

Vansoth closed his lips around the areola, then tightened the pressure, letting his tongue flick at the extended nipple. The taste was as grand as all the most wonderful things. 

Lahri flailed and jerked against him. She was madly begging for him to stop, but she was also clinging to his shoulders and pushing herself as closely as she could. Vansoth wondered how mad she could become with her pussy quivering under his tongue. As he drew on her, he vaguely imagined that he was tasting her clitoris, and he couldn't help but hum into her flesh. 

"Ah!! Ah!! Your ... Highness ... It's ... oh!!" 

Hm ... a new taste, cucumbers and honey and something else. 

Oh. 

Vansoth realized that he had accidentally taken a bit of milk, but only a little. He removed his mouth and put the woman back to her feet, but he didn't quite let her go. He wanted to make sure she was stable, and she didn't really look stable. However, she was giggling. 
