 Author's Note: You know back in Chapter 3 when I said it would probably be the longest? Yeah, I lied, this beats that out by a good thousand words and I doubt these chapters are gonna get shorter any time soon. Also, apologies for any errors since I probably missed several. 

*

Emily stretched, waking from her wonderful sleep. At her side, Rebecca slept her hand splayed across Emily's large bust, while her other hand rested on the satisfied cock between Emily's thighs. The futa sighed happily, her body more relaxed then it had been in a long time, as her mind replayed the previous night of enjoyment with Rebecca. They hadn't done anything different, though Emily had gone nearly all night before going completely soft, but the sense of elation Emily had felt after winning once again made the act all the more enjoyable. It was less like a master-servant relationship and more like the two were real lovers.

Carefully, so as not to wake the sleeping beauty that was her servant, Emily got up. The floor was still hidden beneath an inch thick layer of cum from their activities, the jelly like fluid squelching noisily under her feet. She wiggled her toes, finding the sensation of thick cum between her little digits to be quite pleasing, before moving quietly to the door. She was naked as anyone could be, but given how intimate she was with Rebecca the nudity didn't bother her. Though what did was the two feet of flaccid cock dragging through the cum. She soon found her mat, as untouched by cum as before, and replaced the card with the usual creature. She breathed a small moan of relief and continued down the stairs, smiling happily.

That is, until she came down the stairs and saw Alice soundly on the couch. Emily rushed back up the stairs, though still taking care not to wake the other girls. Back in the master bedroom, she leaned against the door and breathed deeply. She had been so caught up in the afterglow of fucking Rebecca last night that she had almost completely forgotten about Alice. Knowing that the girl had a past with sexual violence, Emily began to get dressed, taking great care not to drop her clothes in the cum. With her cock in the way, Emily simply pulled on a pair of sweatpants and left the room.

As she came down the stairs once again, Alice began to squirm. Emily went up to her and shook her lightly, waking the German girl completely. As expected her eyes went wide with shock at seeing Emily, but memories flooded back quickly and she calmed down. Alice looked at Emily who waited patiently for the girl to speak.

"What's up, Mistress?" She asked, a small smile appearing on her lips.

"You don't have to call me mistress if you don't want to." Emily replied, also smiling slightly. She was relieved that Alice didn't seem to bitter about losing and thus having her life completely turned around.

"I know, but it feels like, you know?"

"Well, if you want to, then that's fine. How we make some breakfast?" To Emily's surprise, the German girl was on her feet in an instant.

"Sure! What about Rebecca?" She asked.

"Trust me, she won't be getting up for a while." Emily giggled, Alice, catching on quickly joined in, the act causing her breasts to quiver, something Emily noticed and quickly averted her eyes, "Uh, but first, don't you want to put some clothes on, and maybe shower?" Alice looked and realised she was naked, her body covered in dried cum, a fierce blush spread across her face.

"Uh, yeah, do you have anything I can wear?" Emily directed her to the master bedroom, telling her that she could use her own, since she and Emily were similarly proportioned. With a quick peck on the cheek, Alice left to shower and dress, while went to the kitchen to prepare breakfast. It was nothing special, just scrambled eggs, with toast and bacon, though Emily had been struck by a new idea, one that both repulsed and enticed her. Checking to make sure she was alone, she had pulled down her pants and began to jerk her thick meat, reaching her full eleven inches in no time. She thought of the previous day and her battle with Alice, the memories causing her to cum quickly, while holding a large container in front of her cock, catching the massive amounts of thick ejaculate. After that she began to pour it lightly over the breakfast as one would with ketchup.

Just as she was cleaning up the surprisingly large amount of cum that had overflowed from the container, Alice and Rebecca came down. Rebecca had clearly only dressed at Alice's behest, as she was wearing a tight tank top and slightly tattered sweatpants, she was still covered in dried cum unlike Alice who was obviously fresh from the shower.

"Glad you're up." Emily greeted Rebecca, before pulling the Brit in for a lustful kiss, while Alice looked on trying desperately not to get turned on by the sight, but failing miserably. When she pulled back, Emily was lightly panting, while Rebecca was openly moaning for more. Emily then pulled Alice in and repeated the action, leaving the German also moaning. Emily didn't explain why, instead she simply instructed them to grab and plate get some breakfast. The two girls nodded mutely and did as she ordered.

As they ate, Alice and Rebecca's faces lit up as they immediately recognised the taste. Emily smirked as they suddenly began to dig in ravenously, almost like they hadn't eaten anything for days, though Rebecca had ingested more than her fair share of Emily's cum last night. They ate in relative silence, the two slaves simply enjoying the company of their mistress, while eating her wonderful cooking. As they finished up Emily remembered the issue of her clothing.

With her cock as big as it was, even when flaccid, she would need a wardrobe. She only had a couple of dresses, and even then they weren't very long and she certainly didn't have any underwear that could contain it without being extremely uncomfortable if she got an erection.

"Hey, girls," Alice and Rebecca looked at her immediately, "I need some new clothes, feel like going to a mall or something?"

"Sure. I know a couple of places, and I've been dying to do that again." Rebecca said, winking at Emily who groaned, knowing what she was talking about. Alice took a second to think of what she meant, and soon remembered the restaurant, blushing fiercely.

"I've also been meaning to get some new clothes, so this works out great." Alice said, though she was still flushed from both the earlier kiss and the memory of their first real meeting.

"Great!" Emily said, "Rebecca and I'll shower and then we can go." Rebecca's face lit up, while Emily's cock gave a small twitch in excitement. Alice on the other hand was slightly annoyed at having showered earlier, since she could guess what the two would be doing.

Over and hour later Emily and Rebecca came downstairs. Alice had been correct in her assumptions, the two no doubt having to wash themselves several times over before calming down enough. Emily noticed the way she looked at them and promised herself she could make it up to the German girl. Rebecca led them outside and to a large garage, opening the door revealed a large amount of cars all lined up in perfect rows.

"Since when did you have cars?" Emily asked, shocked and amazed by the sight before her.

"Since forever ago." Rebecca replied, almost as though it were obvious.

"But then, why did we take a limo to the restaurant?"

"Because I don't have a license and I forgot to ask if you did."

"Wait, then why do you have all of these?"

"Well, these aren't mine technically, they're my dad's, he just keeps them here since he knows I can't drive yet."

"So why are you showing us this?" Emily asked, trying to figure just why Rebecca was doing this, the Brit glanced about wildly, trying to think of something.

"I have a license." Alice said, "Though I only just got it a couple of weeks ago." Rebecca laughed and hugged the German.

"I knew it! A working girl like you, of course you'd have one." The way Rebecca spoke, made it obvious she had just wanted to show off the impressive car collection, but didn't want to seem like. Emily smiled all the same, knowing Rebecca probably did this more often than not.

"Well then, Alice since you're driving; pick any car you want." Emily said, Rebecca was about to pipe up, but stopped knowing she didn't have any right to be picky. The three walked into the large garage, lights flickering on automatically. Out of the three though, Rebecca was the only one who knew anything about cars; she would point out different details about each one, though the information clearly went over Emily's and Alice's heads. Finally they stopped at one that Alice liked the look of, though Rebecca was clearly not satisfied with.

"Really, this thing? But, what the Bugatti or maybe the Lamborghini or-" Alice cut her off,

"I don't like those kinds of cars; they make the drive seem obnoxious and they can't hold a tank of fuel to save their asses." Despite having only a limited knowledge of cars, Alice had clearly done some research since getting her license. Rebecca looked like she wanted to argue further, but Emily had already found the keys and tossed them to Alice, who quickly got into the driver's seat. Begrudgingly, Rebecca got into the back seat behind Emily and began muttering about how much cooler the other cars were.

The car was an everyday model that one sees almost everyone driving. The only difference being that it had better maintenance than other cars. Soon enough they were heading out into the city, with Rebecca telling Alice where to go. Emily began to worry, as they were directed away from where the malls were and into a seedy looking area, she looked back at Rebecca who simply waved away her concerns, saying that she knew people here. Alice parked just outside a rundown looking store and Rebecca told them to get out.

The millionaire led them into the store. Emily was prepared to be met with a smell of smoked nicotine or the sight of drug addicts, but instead the interior was perfectly maintained, though there was a problem she had with it.

"Rebecca," She started, pulling on the Brit's shoulder and turning her around, "What the fuck is this place?"

"It's a clothes shop," The look in Emily's eyes didn't dissipate, "Okay, it's more of a fetish/sex shop, but trust me they have really nice clothes here... uh, normal clothes as well." She added, which seemed to calm Emily down slightly. Alice meanwhile was taking it all in with barely contained excitement.

On the walls, various leather and latex outfits were displayed. She had only worn latex once, and that was during her battle against Emily, but that seemed to have awakened a new desire within her.

"Mistress?" She asked shyly. Emily turned to face her, seeing the blush on her face.

"What's up? Is this making you uncomfortable?" Emily asked, worried for the girl.

"Uh, no, it's not that... It's just, if it's all right with you; I'd like to get my clothes from here." Emily looked at her in surprise, but given all that had happened this was hardly world ending news to her.

"If it's what you want. Just make sure you let me see before you buy them." Emily said, winking, before asking Rebecca to show her the 'normal' clothes, leaving Alice to pick out her own outfit. Rebecca led her mistress through a door, revealing a wide array of, admittedly revealing, normal clothes. Emily picked up a plain black tank top, though she quickly realised it was a belly shirt. While she had never been interested in these types of shirts before, she found that it was incredibly tempting to get it. Rebecca seemed to approve, knowing the store very well.

Trying it on, Emily found that it was an incredibly snug fit. Were she not wearing a bra, her nipples, even when she wasn't aroused, would be on full display. Even so, she liked the material and it was in her size so it would do. She went around trying on various shirts and pants, all varying in how much skin they showed off. A pair of distressed hot pants she found, the maker of which had clearly gone overboard, as they would give any who even glanced her way a clear look at her panties, though she couldn't wear any of these with her cock in the way. She found a pair of loose jeans that would show only the slightest bulge.

As she was about to go and find Alice, she a pair of pants caught her eye. It seemed like some of the latex pants from the shop had been left in the 'normal' section. The thought of wearing them shot through Emily's mind, of walking around in public, her flaccid cock bulging obscenely through the jeans, everyone would stare at her. She remembered the effect of the card she had used, how her mere presence could arouse people. If she went into public no one would think she was a freak.

Acting on impulse, Emily decided to get them. As she was picking them up, she only just then noticed the price tag, her eyes bulging from her head. Rebecca noticed something was wrong, putting down the low cut top she was looking at and headed over to Emily.

"What's the problem, Mistress?" She asked.

"Have you seen how much these are?" Emily said in disbelief, pointing at the price on the jeans she was holding.

"No worries. I shop here all the time, and remember," Rebecca reaching into her back pocket, pulling out her wallet, "I've got more than enough money to pay for it."

"You really don't have to, you know." Emily said, unsure of whether to take advantage of Rebecca's generosity or not.

"I know, but if I didn't I wouldn't be much of a slave would I, Mistress?" As Rebecca spoke, she reached down and lightly stroked Emily's cock, causing Emily to freeze up and let out a small moan of appreciation.

"I... suppose you're right." She moaned out, before swatting Rebecca's hand away. No longer worried about the price, Emily carried her clothes back into the main store to find Alice.

"Oh, Mistress!" Alice said when Emily tapped on her shoulder.

"Hey there. Find anything you like?"

"Well..." Alice nodded to a small pile by her side, "I found a few." Emily giggled at that. She looked to Rebecca and told her to pay for their clothes, while she helped Alice try on the clothes. Rebecca caught on quickly and winked at the two before doing as she was told, taking Emily's new clothes and heading to the checkout.

Alice picked up the clothes she had chosen and followed Emily to a changing room. It was surprisingly spacious, something that caused Emily to suspect customers did this often. Almost as soon as the door was locked, Alice was taking off her clothes, Emily assisting as best she could. Soon the German stood naked in front of Emily, something she felt no shame about. She began to put on one of the many leather and latex outfits.

When she was done, Alice stood tall and looked at Emily shyly.

"So, uh, how does it look?" Emily looked the girl up and down; the 'clothes' were little more than a bikini, with a latex bra that barely contained Alice's D cups, with straps running down over her stomach and back, connecting to a skirt of the same material. Emily told her to turn around, giving her a good look at how tightly the material hugged Alice's rear. On her legs fishnet stockings acted as the only form of covering. As she turned back around to face Emily, her Mistress noticed the collar around her neck, straps connecting it to the bra. On the collar was a plate of blank aluminium, clearly meant to be engraved with something.

"Do you like it?" Alice asked, her voice slightly husky as Emily's gaze ran over and her body. After a moment of silence, Emily nodded. As Alice beamed with delight she took it off, intending to put on another, but Emily had a different idea. The moment Alice was naked once more, Emily walked up to her, pulling the surprised girl in for a kiss. As Emily's tongue wrestled with Alice's, Emily was running her hands across the German girl's body hungrily, almost like a blind man trying to memorise a person's body. Emily pulled back, letting her and Alice breathe a few lustful breaths, all the while Emily caressed and groped Alice's D cups, occasionally pinching the nipple. As both of their lusts rose, Emily leaned back in and continued the kiss.

As her cock began to grow, her loose pants struggling to keep it contained, Emily pulled back. With a display of supernatural strength, all thanks to the card she had played, Emily was soon naked, standing opposite Alice, her cock hard as steel. Neither moved for what felt like hours, but in reality was only a second, before Emily had Alice on the floor, her legs spread and her pussy stretching wide around Emily's massive cock. It was exquisite, despite her being much smaller than the first time they had fucked, the pleasure was still unbelievable. The sensation of those tight walls clenching around her length, while her tip crashed into Alice's cervix, the pain of which causing the penetrated girl to cum after only a few thrusts. Alice began to cry out in pain tainted orgasm, something Emily quickly dealt with as she leaned down to roughly kiss her sex slave.

After the initial excitement wore down slightly, Emily began to move slower. She knew they were in a public place, that it was possible security cameras were on watching them right now, but none of that mattered. She had neglected Alice that morning, and she needed to make up for it. Despite her wish to keep going, Emily felt her orgasm coming much soon than she had expected. Her moans rose in volume and pitch even as she passionately kissed Alice, her thrusts turning wild and increasing in strength, finally smashing through the obstructing cervix. With a cry of ecstasy, Emily's cock throbbed powerfully, before flooding Alice's womb with cum. In very little time, Alice's stomach began to show how prolific Emily was.

As she began to look almost five months pregnant, Emily's orgasm ran out. The futa pulled out, her thick cum, dripping from her cock while streaming from Alice's slightly gaping pussy. Emily let Alice lie there, while she picked up another outfit and began to dress Alice in it. It was far more revealing than the other one. The top half was a leather bra that only consisted of two triangular pieces covering Alice's nipples, with thin straps criss-crossing down her back and connected with the leather thong. The outfit also came with a collar, but it served no real purpose. Looking around, Emily noticed her phone lying just a few feet away, thankfully undamaged despite being thrown to the floor.

"Say cheese." Emily said and took a picture. Alice was still struggling to control her breathing after experiencing so many orgasms, and hardly responded, though she saw the approving look on Emily's face and smiled happily. The thin strip of material that covered Alice's pussy was evidently not enough to keep the cum from overflowing, the sight of which caused Emily to flood with desire. Alice saw this and moaned, knowing what was coming. Emily quickly took the unpaid for clothes off and threw them to the side, before lining her cock up with Alice's drooling cunt. The German simply cried out as she was penetrated again.

The amount of cum that had leaked out of her had shrunk her belly, making it seem like she was only just beginning to show. Emily was more than eager to change that. She rutted into the eager slut wildly, enjoying the squelching sound as she thrust in and out, the warmth of her cum mixed with Alice's own bathing her dick in pleasure. As Alice felt her mind going blank from the pleasure, Emily came, sinking in to the hilt. The cum once again filled Alice's womb, causing her to appear to be in her last trimester of pregnancy. Emily repeated the process again and again.

She would dress Alice in one of the outfits she had picked out. The sight always arousing her, causing her to take the slightly cum stained clothes off and once more fuck Alice. As the German was about ready to pass out she was brought back by a sudden new sensation, one she had not felt before, even in the past. Fully conscious, she found that her Mistress had placed her on all fours, some part of her subconscious working to keep her up, though even then she felt the cum soaked floor on her stomach. Leaning her head as far forward as she could, Alice stared in amazement at her massive stomach.
