 Their courtship had been unusually short, no doubt, but Vansoth was pleased. He played the Peeking Game with his new wife. He watched his new daughter wiggle about. He gave both females more gifts, necklaces and rings, coral teething toys (for the future, of course) and a rattle made of smooth wood. He had pleasant, if often banal, conversations. Everything was delightful. 

One night, Lahri murmured to him from behind a wall that she was curious about her new, hand painted wooden shoes. She had some from her previous home, but now she had several more. Vansoth said through the cracks between the panels that he would love for her to try wearing them. 

Lahri opened the walls then. She tucked her sleeves into the belt at her hips. Then she put a pinched section of her skirt up into that same belt, exposing her chemise. His hearts slowly becoming more and more crazed, Vansoth watched as she untied her shoes and stockings, putting those things in a loose pile on the mats. 

For a quick moment, just before that chemise flopped down, Vansoth saw the scars on her legs in the candlelight. 

He looked in the storage space that was under the women's quarters. Among the crates and boxes, there were quite a few colorful shoes. Lahri's shoes had her name carved on their bottoms. Vansoth carefully picked a blue pair with pink painted roses. He helped Lahri slip her bare feet into these shoes. And then, he helped her down to the men's side. 

Little steps, cautious steps, the new princess took a short tour. "Oh, this is where I sleep," said the prince. "This is where I keep my books. That's my desk. Over there is my favorite tapestry. And right here, that's where my pretty wife is meant to lie down for me." 

That was essentially a table that was tall enough for a centaur to reach very well, but it had a cushy mattress and some pillows on the tabletop, all made of the finest silks and feathers. It could also be called a bed for certain, possibly obvious reasons. 

Lahri looked up at the piece of furniture. "Is there a way for me to reach the top?" 

"I could find a small ladder for you," Vansoth said at first, but then he seized Lahri's slim waist, chuckled at her excited squealing, and whispered into her hair, "But you could always use my services." He placed her backside onto the table, close to the edge so her little feet could dangle. Then, after a smacking kiss on Lahri's cheek, Vansoth let his fingernails slide down her body. He pulled her clogs off and put them in a safe place. 

And finally, after what had felt like years, Vansoth had her feet in his hands. He folded his legs and put one of those smooth human toes to his lips. An innocent kiss, a mindful kiss, right on the big toe's tip. Lahri's pleased giggle rained down on his head, practically trickling through his long plait. 

One of his thumbs dug into her arch as she sighed and wiggled her toes. Vansoth smiled down at the sight. Then he popped some of the smaller toes past his lips. 

"Ah!! Husband!!" 

That had him groaning as he licked at the soft bottoms of the toes. 

Her free leg kicked up a bit. Her skirts flapped air onto his body. "It tickles! Please!" 

Very well, mercy was perfectly fine for now. Vansoth lapped at her toes once more and then left her foot alone. Then he used his legs to push himself back up. He clasped her shoulders and kissed her. 

It was time, wasn't it? She could always refuse him if she didn't care for what was about to happen. 

Vansoth tugged, untied, and unclasped every part of her clothing he could reach. Lahri didn't resist in any way. When her clothing and jewelry were in a neat stack on a shelf, her marked form glowing in the firelight, her fingers went to his own apparel. 

Soon they were bare. Soon they had their arms around each other. Flesh against flesh. 

One of his palms pressed over a scar on her belly that looked like it came from a scalding. Poor thing. 

Wait, what was that tightness?! 

He looked down. 

Well ... she had found the first penis, curled her fingers around it as if she wanted to twist it off. She didn't, though. She only stroked him up and down. 

His breath hissed between his teeth. His blood sizzled in his first cock while the one in the back hummed. His legs tingled and his testicles whined. "Damn ... Lahri!" 

"I ... I think it's grown much bigger!" 

Why did she have to say that?! It only made things worse for him! 

And her hand was heating him into a barely manageable state! 

"That's enough, Pudding. Set me free." 

Lahri made a swirling, quivering sort of noise, but she complied. Vansoth put gentle, repeating nudges on her arms, signaling that he'd like for her put her back to the mattress. Lahri nodded and lied down, moving her braided hair out from under herself. 

So many scars! 

But there was no more room for pity. This woman was in an excellent position. No man would ever touch her again without her approval. 

Her overall shape was still lovely, however. Plump breasts, slender waist, flared hips, a healthy shape, a curvy shape. Vansoth caressed one of her legs as he rested it against his torso. As he looked down at the red curls between her thighs, he lightly squeezed her foot with his hand. Then he reached down to let his fingers ruffle the pubic hair. 

Lahri's belly seemed to ripple. "Hnnnnnn!" 

Vansoth licked his teeth. 

He sought out the velvety lips bordering her slit, petting them with his fingers. Then he inserted his middle finger, listening to her melting coos, feeling her muscles constrict, touching a spot that seemed to be very excitable. The foot that was near his first shoulder had curling toes. 

"Ha ... Va ... please!!" Her voice was breaking and it was divine. 

Wet and pulsing ... 

He let his words seep into the air. "My dear little pudding is nice and soft for me." 

"Hmmmmmmm!!" 

What a sweet voice she had! 

Vansoth slipped his finger out, but then he carefully tapped the exposed little clitoris. 

Some of the pillows fell off the table. Lahri's leg bounced on him. Her foot stretched. Her head moved back and she screamed. 

He could smell the heady muskiness leaking out of her body. 

Oh yes. 

Vansoth's fingers, even the wet ones, took her thighs, and he pulled her right to him ... right over him ... 

His eyes shut and he nearly bit his own tongue. 

He was inside! 

Lahri's foot wrenched away and her leg lowered off of him. "Ohhhhhh ... Vansoth ... " 

Yes ... please! 

Rocking her back and forth, blood rushing as fiercely as rivers, snug and moist. 

Vansoth twitched, then shivered. His head shook as if he had a problem in his brain. He coughed. He snorted. He sped up. 

"Lahri!!" 

"Ah!! I can't ... Van ... Van ...!!" 

She was suddenly so tight around his cock that he briefly and stupidly thought she could pull it off of him. 

Vansoth spat out, "Damn it, Woman!" 

"Vansoth!!" 

His brain was almost frozen. All he could understand was the burning jets of pleasure coming out of him, draining him. 

But his brain thawed a little, and he wondered if his wife was faring well. 

Right after he took his wet and softening member out of her, Lahri sat up and put her arms around him, sighing and rubbing her cheek into his first chest. 

She was dreamy. 

Perfect. 

*** 

Close to the end of autumn, the couple agreed that they would be happy as husband and wife. So, a priest was summoned to the Royal Castle. He wrote the couple's names on a scroll. Then he made a clay tablet to be kept in the castle. After that, he made few blessings for the royal family and went back to the temple he came from. 

Count Arkson and his family were alerted so they could take part in the celebrations. First, on one day, there would be a short ceremony with many noble guests to witness. Count Arkson would be given his new title; the king himself would tap his first shoulders with his scepter. Then there would be a fairly short but pleasant feast. The guests would all stay the night, not only because they all lived far away from the Royal Castle, but also because the following morning would have an even greater celebration. 

On that morning, in the huge throne room, on the dirt floor, all the centaur guests and several attendants waited. In one section of the women's quarters, a part that was perpendicular to where the queen would eventually be revealed, many female guests knelt down and watched as their male family members did. 

Close to the colorful panels that hid the queen, there was a huge blanket made with plush fabric and metallic embroidery. This blanket covered the freshest and sweetest pile of straw. Horns and drums were played for a moment. Then someone announced the arrival of the king. Then said king slowly marched into the area. 

A few brightly dressed attendants were following him. They held important violet colored pillows with even more important objects on top. As for the king himself, he was wearing all his favorite golden charms that dangled like wind chimes. A thick and heavily encrusted crown was on his head. Various chains of more precious metals and gemstones draped from his first shoulders to his first chest. His pale tail was braided with even more jewelry weaved in the locks. One of his hands held his scepter. 

The king rested his likely aching bones on the blanket and straw, but he did so with a solemn countenance and almost mechanically smooth movements. One who was unaware of the king's health would assume there was nothing wrong at all. 

Everyone bowed in greeting. 

Another announcement, signaling the arrival of the queen, and then the walls behind the king were opened. The queen was sitting on a throne instead of kneeling on a cushion. It was an elegant thing made of lacquered wood with decorations of gold and mother of pearl. The queen's head bore a crown every bit as opulent as her husband's. A scepter similar to her husband's was carefully held in her groomed fingers. 

Again, everyone bowed. 

The king drew a horizontal line in the air with the sparkling orb at the top of his scepter. "Collect the heir to my kingdom!" 

An attendant trotted off to look for Prince Vansoth, who was certainly nearby. It didn't take long for that prince to appear and slowly march between the men and women, his charms ringing, his silk clothing bright, his crown a prominent contrast against his black hair. He stopped before his father and he knelt down. The king told him to rise and stand near him. Vansoth obeyed. Then, the king drew another line with his scepter and said, "Alert my heir's bride!" 

Another attendant went up to a spot that was to the queen's right, the audience's left, and he knocked on one of the painted wall panels. "Your Highness? Princess Lahri?" Two soft knocks were heard from behind the wall. The attendant nodded and hurried back to his place among the men. 

There was a short moment, and Princess Lahri was in view, slowly stepping towards the queen, holding baby Meia in her arms. That child was wearing an unusually formal gown for an infant. The skirt was at least twice as long as it needed to be, dangling down like a loose curtain. The garment was a rich, emerald green color with a silver pattern of leaves and berries. 

As for the mother, Lahri was in a black dress with so many layers in the sleeves that one might wonder how she could even move her arms. There were multiple colors in the layers too, greens and pinks, blues and oranges, even purple. The gown's neckline was very, very low, leaving room for her newest necklace to rest against her brimming chest. Thick chains of silver and gold with a rainbow's amount of colors in the gemstones, it was essentially another work of art for the woman to admire in her spare time ... but she was also meant to show it off whenever she pleased. 

Lahri bowed to the queen, and then she carefully went to the edge of the women's floor, got to her knees, and bowed towards the king. The king turned to look at her. Then he held one of his hands out, pointing his fingers in some unknown direction. His attendants, the ones with pillows, formed a line, and each one would offer their precious item to the king. The king would take each item and give it either to Lahri or Meia, depending on what it was. 

A small circlet of a single delicate wire, gold with a tiny pearl in the center. That was gently put on Meia's soft head. 

A braided belt of silk with a small bronze pendant was lightly tied around Meia's waist. 

One of Lahri's fingers had a new golden ring placed on it. The Royal Emblem was carved and painted in it. 

On Lahri's head, a new crown was placed. It had a good deal of openwork, but there were still plenty of jewels. 

The king put his scepter down and lightly tapped one of Lahri's sleeves with his fingertips. Then he whispered up to her, "I believe this might be the first time I've spoken to you." 

The new princess shuddered as she did everything she could to keep her face serious. "Ye ... Yes, Your Majesty." They had seen each other, but they hadn't really had a conversation. It was almost depressing. 

With a grin, the king held out his palms. "May I please hold the child?" 

Nodding, Lahri carefully put the oblivious little girl into the centaur's arms. The man's aged face turned mild and tender. He turned to the audience and he proclaimed, "This is the child of my child, the child of my heir, and one day she will become the queen regent! This is Princess Meia Geitana!" 

More bowing, but this time everyone answered in unison, "Yes, Your Majesty!" 

The king returned the baby to her mother. Then he pointed a set of closed fingers up towards Lahri and declared to everyone, "This is my heir's bride, his princess consort, Princess Lahri Geitana!" 

"Yes, Your Majesty," repeated the audience members. 

The king bent down to take his scepter, and he tapped the earth floor with the dull end of the handle. "It is done! The claims have been written and spoken! Now, let us feast and dance! Let us enjoy our prosperity!" 

It certainly was done. 

So much applause! 

Then music, bagpipes and flutes, stringed instruments and drums. Dancing, a variety of it. Sophisticated foods were passed out, custards and pies, venison and fowl, with sugars and spices that were often worth more than gold. The new couple was given the most expensive treats available. They even had dishes flavored with saffron, nutmeg, and raw sugar cane. 

There was revelry throughout the day and long into the night, but they all had to rest eventually. 

But a few days after all that, when all the guests were gone, a messenger arrived with a very important piece of information. He was taken right to the king himself, and he whispered into his ear. The king nodded, told him to keep this a secret, and went to ask for his queen. When the queen received the secret, she also nodded. 

"We'll have to prepare for theses new guests," she told her husband, "but we must not tell anyone who the guests are. It would be best to keep our new daughter-in-law happy for as long as possible." 

In Breden, it was generally believed that if a wife was miserable, then the husband would be at least twice as miserable, and the king and queen wanted to keep their eldest son in the best mood. They'd have to give him the secret, though, since he had helped plan out their strategy. 

*** 

There were certainly rumors going around, and everyone who wasn't in the loop was asking all the important questions. There were never any important answers, however. That only aggravated the curiosity. 

One evening, as Lahri was helping her daughter to exercise her tiny limbs, she spoke to her husband from behind a wall that was mostly closed. There was a thin opening for Vansoth to look through, though. 

"Husband, I know you know the guest's identity." 

"Yes, I know." His tone was impatient but he was smiling. 

Meia made little bubbles with her spit, and she laughed as Lahri wiped her mouth. "Why won't you tell me?" 

"Because it's a secret." Why did he sound excited, as if he was planning on finding a new present for her? 

"Your family's so odd to me, keeping such vital information away from most of the castle's occupants." Lahri kept her tone civil and light. "Is this behavior normal?" 

"Oh no, it's not normal." He was tapping one of the walls with his fingernails. They were thick and penetrating little noises. "But this is necessary." 

"I have no choice but to believe you," Lahri said as she gently took Meia's wrists and stretched her little arms. "There we are, a nice stretch. Would you fancy another?" There was another little stretch. "Was that nice? A sweet little cabbage roll should be unwound now and again." 

"Lahri? Would you let me hold her?" 

A pause. Lahri blinked down at Meia. "Oh ... you haven't held your new daughter yet. Please forgive my hardheartedness." She looked up to Vansoth, her eyes sad. "I've been such a cruel woman." She picked up the child and stepped to the hole between the walls. Then she nudged a wall away with her body and put Meia into Vansoth's waiting arms. 

His eyes were gentle as he gazed down at Meia's plump face. "Hello, Little Bear. Will you be sleepy soon?" Meia kicked her legs under her plain gray dress as she looked up at him with wide eyes. "Oh, those were fine kicks. You should practice every day so you can become strong." 

Thick, well muscled arms, carefully and lovingly holding a baby girl ... 

Lahri's fingers twitched and her heart sped up. The image before her was so adorable, and it appealed to her basic instincts. She believed that a typical woman would desire a man who showed compassion and softness, especially towards children. Aggressive and dominant behavior would be also be desired, but that was only on a short term basis. Long term, the sweetness was best. A man would need to be strong, but if he didn't know how to be kind then he simply wouldn't do as a mate. 

And cruelty was out of the question. A cruel man should be rejected. 

She was so content. She had chosen a good man who had nothing cruel about him. 

She was absolutely certain of that. 

*** 

Lahri tasted and smelled blood when she woke up on the morning that the guest arrived. The blood on her pillow and on her face was a little bit alarming, but she figured out that she only had a minor nosebleed. Still, she thought it was an omen. She wasn't sure why. Her life had been so merry lately. Why would there be any sort of warning? 

But ... just as she was getting dressed, watching one of her husband's aunts make silly faces at the baby, the queen herself entered the room. That regal woman was completely dressed, head to toe, crown and all. Her gown's fabric looked like liquid gold with the Royal Emblem somehow embroidered in black and silver on the long skirt. Black and purple layers were in her flowing sleeves. 

The queen made a slow gesture towards Lahri, one of her sleeves dragging on the mats. "Darling Lahri, would you please hurry to dress yourself? And be certain to wear your fine crown. A servant should hand it to you." 

Was Lahri meant to greet the guest? How important was this guest? She wasn't supposed to wear her fancy crown for just anybody. 

She put on a dress that was mostly silver with gold and even bits of purple embroidery in shapes of flowers and fruits. Then she put on a few decorative brooches with the Royal Emblem carved in. More jewelry, because why in the world not? Then she heard a knock from the men's side. She opened a wall and took an important box from a centaur servant. Lahri's crown was inside. She put it on her head and put the box away. 

Lahri made sure that Meia was safe with her aunts and then she waited for instructions. 

A servant knocked and asked her to make an appearance beside the queen. 
