 Yami groaned as she sat up. However, upon recalling her dream, she grinned widely. She, and eleven others, had been gathered by Sors Nepellus, a goddess of unimaginable power, all to participate in a tournament unlike any other. At least, that's what the goddess told them, Yami thought and stood, heading to her bookshelf, where her deck sat alongside her mat. Through her eyes she could see the aura of power radiating from them, each one now imbued with the strength of the Goddess, if only an insignificant fraction. Yami reached up and lifted her deck, her grin widening further in anticipation, only to shrink at the sight of her top card; an average looking, American woman. She had expected a highly sexualised appearance, given Sors Nepellus's direct involvement.

"That's easily changed though." She giggled aloud, unlike her, as she was usually calm and calculating, however the event had her in a good mood. As Yami began to speak once more, a flash of light stopped her. Once she could see again, Yami spied a letter on her game mat, the paper glowing faintly with the Goddess's power. She put her deck back and checked it, reading with a disdainful look on her face. Would you like to be separate from your creature? Yes or No? It asked, to which Yami sighed.

She circled the yes option, upon which the letter vanished. You've really gotten soft, Sors Nepellus, Yami thought before continuing with her original intention, once again lifting her deck. Almost as soon as she held it, Yami began to mutter words, unlike anything written, spoken or heard by the human race, as she did so, the streaks of colour in her hair began to glow, brighter and brighter until it outmatched the sun shining behind her curtains. When the glow faded, Yami sighed happily as she looked at the card, now depicting a voluptuous young woman, with breasts as big as her head and an ass to die for. Pleased, Yami laid out her mat and chose a card from her deck, instantly feeling the transformation take hold.

Yami felt her oversized, white shirt tighten around her chest. The cloth was long enough on her thin frame that it could act as a skirt, however, as her breasts grew and she widened, the shirt soon revealed her smooth stomach. Next her tight jeans soon became uncomfortable, almost painful, as her rear expanded as well, her hips widening in sync with her other growths. A mild burning sensation hit her face as she felt her Asian features being altered, something she forgot about and quickly spoke once more in the unknown language, the changes to her nationality halting, however her skin quickly became smooth and her eyes framed by thick lashes. Her hair remained the same as always; a curtain of black with locks of various colours running through it.

When the transformation was done, Yami felt her pussy boiling with desire. Not that she minded at all, as she let her hands traverse her new body, feeling her naked, baby smooth skin against her fingers. She ran her hands across her new ass, her jeans having been forced off, and moaned at the sensation of her fingers sinking into the soft expanse, the flesh firm yet soft, like a mix of solid muscle and jelly. While it wasn't as large as the first card she had seen, it was a vast improvement over her previous size, same to her breasts and hips. Yami knew better than to choose a card with the otherworldly endowments she had granted them, lest she be caught by Sors, and thus she had left one card free of change; the only one with a figure any model would die for. Yami couldn't help her vanity as she strolled out of her room to the family's bathroom.

At least, they thought she was their family. The two who owned the house, and their real daughter were all under a spell cast by Yami, believing the Japanese girl to be of their flesh and blood, even now, if they saw her new form, they wouldn't think anything of it, thinking that it was how she had always been since turning eighteen. Yami pouted her new, full lips at herself in the mirror, knowing any straight man, or lesbian, who saw her would lust after her. She even took off her shirt, now several sizes too small on her longer torso and much larger breasts, now G cups, and pushed her tits together. They were perfect, soft to the touch, but firm to the appearance while standing proud on her chest. Yami couldn't hold back the grin on her face as she put the too small shirt back on.

It had been a long time since she had possessed such a figure. Having indulged herself long enough, Yami returned to her room, bumping into her 'younger sister' who grinned stupidly having felt her 'siblings' large breast on her arm. Yami gave her a slight grin as normal, and went back to her room. Once there she locked the door and reached to the top of the bookshelf, finding her spare deck and playmat. She had been preparing for this tournament a long time, mastering the game and waiting for when this day came, fulling intending to master her new deck. Before she began, Yami read each ability carefully, making sure they remained ingrained in her memory, before beginning. Her cards, though uninteresting in appearance, compared to what she had expected, were armed with high power levels and strong abilities. A fair trade, but Yami didn't care about fairness.

When she had altered the card appearances, she had also powered them up. Each card retained the same skull count however, despite their overpowered abilities, each card with a count of 6 or lower more than powerful enough to be considered an ace card. She placed each mat against the other, and began. Yami had no friends, and she couldn't risk asking her 'sister' to play against her, since the constant transformations Yami would no doubt go through, might weaken, or even break, the spell she had crafted. As such, she played against herself. It was perfectly fair, since Voluptus Ludum didn't make the contents of a player's hand such a valuable thing to know, as it didn't change the play style, though it would allow those who saw it to formulate counter strategies. Yami's deck however, was centred on this, with her card effects focusing on forcing her opponent to discard cards of her choosing. They were often allowed to draw to replace it, but that was of no concern.

Yami began to play, bracing herself for the first transformation. She played her first creature, one far more endowed in the chest area than her current form, and had to bite her lip to prevent her moan of pleasure from escaping. She felt her shirt rise higher as her chest pushed it up and out, until the cloth couldn't even cover the bottoms of her breasts. Her rear expanded as well, however the change was minimal and would have gone unnoticed, were it not for her pants, already at their limit, beginning to tear loudly. Yami sighed in discomfort, pleasure and frustration all at once, standing and stripping herself of her clothing, revealing her body to any who could see, though no one but she could. Now free of her constricting clothes, Yami returned her attention to the game.

As she continued however, and played creature upon creature, Yami could hardly control herself. Her pussy was aflame, her juices running down her thighs or dripping to the floor. She adjusted her position in an attempt to fend off the encroaching lust, but it did nothing, if anything the actions made it worse, as her always voluptuous breasts bounced around, the air alone enough to stimulate her. Yami, despite her power, knew she couldn't alter the cards any further, for fear Sors Nepellus would discover her. She continued to play, her hands shaking with the need to sate her building desire, her mind constantly imagining how it would feel to have her cards come to life and pleasure her. Eventually it became too much.

Yami let herself lay back down. Her breath coming in deep pants as her hands ran over her current form, hefting her large, heavy breasts in her hands and finding her erect nipples, pulling on them with her thumb and forefinger. Her moans came in low, sounding half hearted. Her mind refused to fully give into her own lust, however her hands moved on, running over her taut stomach and to her pussy, the lips engorged and moist with arousal. Yami was unable to hold back a loud moan as she pressed against her clit, the nub poking a full inch from its hood, twitching in desire, something Yami couldn't resist. Her left hand returned to her breast, groping herself and stimulating her large nipples, while her right stayed at her pussy.

With her lust raging out of control, Yami finally gave in. She let her body do as it desired, her right hands fingers lightly digging into her dripping pussy, the thumb remaining free as it all but latched onto her clit, rubbing the sensitive button with lustful abandon. As she closed her eyes to let the pleasure roll over her, Yami felt something wet on her other hand, the fluid warm and sticky. She looked down in surprise and saw milk leaking from her nipples, the liquid thick enough to resemble cream. She didn't question it however, and simply let her body do as it needed, pinching on the lactating nipple to release a powerful spray, launching her milk into the air to fall on her. Yami unconsciously let her mouth open as a drop landed in it, her moans increasing at the taste.

As she tried to taste more, she felt her body heating up further. It wasn't the same as the build up to an orgasm, however it was similar, as if her body was becoming more and more sensitive in its need to cum. Yami grinned through her pleasure, noting the potential weapon she possessed, before crying out suddenly as she gave a particularly strong tug on her nipple, the other now throbbing with need. She switched her hands around, using her right to milk her much fuller breast, while the other, still coated in her milk, forced three of her digits into her pussy, while her thumb and forefinger reached to her clit, treating it as she would her nipples. Yami felt the pressure building within her body, her juices flowing fast and heavy from her pussy.

Like a crescendo, Yami's pleasure continued to rise. Both of her breasts expressed milk constantly, though the unattended left tit only leaked an unending stream, while her right gushed powerfully, dousing herself and her floor in the cream. She had abandoned her clit, now seeking to stretch her tight hole, adding a fourth finger to her cunt, the thumb soon joining it with ease. Yami had made her pussy perfect a long time ago, making it able to stretch however much was necessary, but remain tight as if it belonged to a nun. This showed as she struggled to push her fist inside, followed by the wrist, her walls clenching tight around the invader. As the pleasure increased, Yami's moans turned to cries.

She was certain the family could hear her, however that was far from her main concern. Even if the neighbours, or Sors Nepellus heard her, she wouldn't stop. Lust and desire dominated her mind, pushing her body to greater levels of pleasure as her orgasm rapidly approached. Yami's hips began thrusting against her hand, treating it like a cock or dildo, seeking to derive even greater ecstasy from it and succeeding as her orgasm crashed into her. Her body seized, her hips in mid air as she panted rapidly, like an animal in heat, before letting out a silent cry of bliss as her climax forced her eyes to roll back into her head. Her pussy squirted around her wrist, juices landing on her floor or the playmats, while milk exploded from her breasts in twin streams. Yami babbled to herself throughout, having gone so long without such pleasure that she soon passed out from it.

She came back to reality from as series of knocks at her door. As she sat up, Yami felt warmth run down her chest, her breasts continuing to lactate while she was unconscious. She wiped away some from her mouth and walked over to the door, uncaring that she was naked, nor that her body was coated in fresh and dried milk. Yami opened the door to see her 'sister', smiling happily even as she appraised her.

"Hi there, Yami. Dad wanted to know if you wanted to go see a movie with us. You'd have to get dressed though." Hiroko Itsuka said, pouting at the last part. To her, Yami's nudity was as endearing as it was sexy, the Japanese girl housing incestuous desires for her elder sister.

"Sorry, Hiroko. I'm kind of busy, see." Yami said, her tone as nonchalant as if she were talking about the weather, even when she gestured to her constantly lactating breasts. Hiroko unconsciously licked her lips, something Yami caught and smiled at. The younger girl blushed and looked away.

"Oh, uh, that's too bad. Well, see ya." She said and left. Yami almost wished she wasn't deceiving the family sometimes. They were kind, as evidenced by how she was able to get close enough to cast her power over them. Yami had to be in contact with what she wanted to alter, though she could do it without from any distance, however it could require vast amounts of energy, enough to put her in a coma like state for days. The Itsuka family had let her into their home, believing her story that she was homeless and in desperate need of food, which they were happy enough to help with. If it weren't for her life up to that point, Yami might have felt remorse for what she was doing.

"Hey, Hiroko," The girl stopped and turned back to her sister, "If you're up for it later, maybe you could help me." Yami offered, interested in seeing what her body was like with a partner, while simultaneously getting used to how the battles would be fought when they came. Hiroko's face lit up in delight and she nodded eagerly, before going off to her parents. Yami smiled, glad that she was giving something back to the family, even if it was just to their eighteen year old daughter. She returned to her room and sat back at her mats, the one imbued with Sors Nepellus's power remained clean, even with the massive pool around it. Her normal one however was soaked, though the cards had been mostly spared.

Hours passed, with Yami trying, and failing, to keep in control of herself. She didn't stop playing against herself, having every intention of using every type of deck she owned as practice, however her time was used heavily by her constant masturbation sessions. Yami was able to manage a dozen turns before she lost it, however, as she came again and again, her will power was already crumbling. She found herself wanting to transform more, even when she was using a powerful creature, just to give herself an excuse to masturbate. Knowing she was losing control, Yami called it a day and returned to her bed, where she pondered who her first opponent might be, while hoping to ignore the constant throb of desire in her empty pussy. As she sat there, a series of knocks came at her door.

"Hey, Yami. I came to help." Hiroko said through the door, her voice wavering in uncertainty. Yami stood and opened the door, her pussy already growing wet once again in anticipation, before grinning lightly at the sight of her 'sister', naked as the day she was born. Hiroko let out a moan mixed with a gasp at seeing her sister, her voluptuous form coated in layer upon layer of dried milk, with fresh streams always running down her mountainous bosom. As before, Hiroko licked her lips in want. Yami grinned at her and wiped some of her fresh milk onto her finger, offering it to the girl, who looked between the digit and Yami's face, a smile on which encouraged her to accept the offer. Hiroko licked the milk from Yami's finger, almost immediately moaning in satisfaction and desire.

Yami walked back to her bed, Hiroko following close behind. Both took care not to mess up Yami's cards, almost a dozen decks lined up in a perfect row on her playmats. Yami had put back the card she'd taken the form of during her first masturbation session, so as not to further weaken the spell on Hiroko, who's mind expected to see Yami as she was now. The two sat on the bed, with neither saying a word, nor making any movement, until Yami smirked and leaned towards Hiroko. She let her elder sister do as she wished, even puckering her lips as Yami's came closer, only for nothing to happen. She looked at Yami with questioning eyes, but her sister said nothing.

She stood and brought Hiroko with her. The younger girl looked down as she saw Yami's eyes run over her form, taking in her modest bust, each nipple hard as bullets, while her slim waist and ever so slightly pudgy stomach flared into her motherly hips. Her legs were long and luscious, especially her thighs, thick and toned from her regular walks. Yami turned her around, taking hold of her arm and twirling it as though they were dancing, giving her a good look at her 'sister's' ass, the cheeks jiggling slightly as she tried to to steady herself. Yami grinned at her, Hiroko returning the gesture only to gasp in shock as she was grabbed by Yami, pulling her in close. Her eyes went wide as she felt Yami's soft, full lips on her's.

Even in her wildest dreams, Hiroko had never thought she would feel this. Yami was forceful, barely giving her a chance to think, as her lips were conquered by her voluptuous sister, who only pulled her closer, pressing her massive bust against Hiroko's comparatively meagre mounds. Both let out muffled moans as their nipples found the other's, the sensitive tips grinding against each other to both of their delight. Hiroko recovered from the surprise, and let her eyes fall closed, giving herself over to Yami completely. Only to cry out in shock as she felt a finger slide down her pants, before finding her already moist pussy, the digit rubbing along the lips. She tried to pull back, but Yami held firm.

Hiroko moaned involuntarily as the finger dipped into her wet heat. She wasn't ready for this, she thought, she wanted this to be special, for her and Yami to give each other the same sweet pleasure. Yet she couldn't find the will to stop Yami, who's lips remained conformed to Hiroko's, the elder sibling's tongue entering her mouth and subduing her tongue. Hiroko couldn't hope to resist, her fantasies had all been the opposite of this moment, however, she was simply too happy that Yami was also interested in her. The transformed girl grinned inwardly, knowing Hiroko was more or less her's, now and forever.

She wasn't sure exactly what the cause was. Whether, Hiroko had harboured feelings towards her, or if the aphrodisiac laden milk was also comprised of overwhelming pheromones, either way she was going to enjoy this moment. Yami pulled back, lightly panting, while Hiroko gasped for air as she looked at Yami, as if in need of direction. The elder sibling simply smiled and glanced down at her breasts, the massive mounds leaking milk rapidly, Hiroko's shirt now soaked in the delicious fluid. When the inexperienced girl simply looked down, confused, Yami lightly gripped her head and brought it to her breast. Hiroko quickly understood and immediately began drinking.

The reaction was instant. Yami was even taken aback by the force of it, as Hiroko suddenly began pushing against her, forcing her to the bed, where she could get a better angle, actually grabbing Yami's free breast and pushing it into her mouth, the flow increasing to the point where the milk began to leak from her lips. Yami didn't stop her, the pleasure partly responsible, but also because she was curious to see the effects her enhanced milk would have in larger doses. Hiroko continued to drink and drink, her pudgy stomach actually expanding from the sheer amount, and yet she showed no signs of stopping, nor did Yami, who's breasts continued to supply the, apparently, addictive fluid. Only when Yami felt skin that wasn't there before, did she force Hiroko to stop.

The younger girl fought back, however the creature Yami embodied had enhanced strength, far beyond that of any star athlete. She took hold of Hiroko's wrists, forcing them over her head, while Yami used her legs to keep her sister's from thrashing about.
