 Vsrstrm snored quietly where he'd fallen asleep. The grin of simple delight still stretched his lips. He dreamed of the long yellow hair encircling him and her warm wet pussy sliding over his crotch.

"Get up! Get up, now!"

Something struck Vsrtrm on the head. He jumped up quickly and shielded himself from the blows scattered across his upper body. Suddenly, he realized that the strikes weren't very effective. He stood up straight for the first time in his life and glared down at the bald thin velpen female. She responded with obvious fear but continued to strike him.

"How dare you rise, male. Report to the Mistress Srvntm, now!"

"Yes, mistress." Vsr didn't mean it, but he knew all was recorded for later use.

As he strode confidently out of the room, he noted the strength he felt. Had the ancestral female given him some of her strength? He had seen that she slept peacefully on top of his clothes. He smiled contentedly at the remembrance of her taste on his tongue. He felt the sting of a metal rod across his lower back as he was ushered toward the mistress's rooms. He bowed as was expected of him and looked directly into the colony leader's nearly white eyes.

"I have only just been informed of your behavior with the ancestral. Know that you will be neurologically modified at the most opportune time. There is no reason to remove such stock from the line. Assume the position."

Vsr showed his curiosity and roughly dropped onto his back on her bed. She touched his cock and it rose without his thought. The need to thrust deep inside tensed his thighs before she even touched him.

"What has happened to you?"

"My lady?" He made sure he projected apathy though he was grinning inside at the sight of his own standing cock.

"She has changed you. How am I to fit on that thing? Stop it, now."

"I can not, my lady. It does not work that way. At least, I don't think it will."

Mistress Srvntm grasped his penis roughly, which made it harden in her hand. She growled and gripped his testicles next. He gasped at the added pleasure. She dropped her hands away and struck him across the face. He stopped repressing his smile and rose up to look her in the eye.

"I will help you mount, if you can not do so yourself." The force of her blow to his ear only broadened his smile. The mistress forced him down and moved above him with her hands on his throat.

"What reason do I have to spare your life?"

He massaged her sides and gently raised her to kneel over him.

"Try me, my lady. You may like me this way."

She balanced above him as he felt her opening. She breathed heavily as he explored her inside with a finger. He massaged at her flat chest and licked at her neck. Her taste and smell wasn't as pleasing as the ancestress but it would do. He positioned her over his prick and eased her over his sensitive glans. She moaned and shuddered at just the tip being inside her. Her hand loosened on his throat and she slid herself over him. She rode him awkwardly until she developed her own pace. He allowed her to grind herself all over him as he watched his cock appear and disappear between them. Vsr smiled at her closed eyes and clinched teeth. She wouldn't be able to deny that she was deriving pleasure from this. When she slowed down from fatigue, he took over by forcing her hips down toward his up pushing member. She let out an inarticulate cry as he increased his speed into her. The pressure in his balls told him that it would be soon emptied into her deep insides. She seemed to feel it as well, because she dug her nails into his flesh and held him close. When he spent his seed, she moaned and bucked above him. The sperm seemed to strike her repeatedly inside, because she hopped ever so slightly above him. He drifted into a half slumber as the mistress got off of him. He looked up absently toward her and she looked back. She shivered slightly and went into her bath area.

After a long sleep, Vsr woke up to find the mistress gone. He scratched the stubble on the top of his head and went to relieve himself. He dragged his feet until he got a glimpse of himself in the mirror. He'd never noticed how much more muscular he was to the females. He could have forced his will at any time. He contracted his pectoral muscles and stood up straight. The little pale strands of hair weren't that bad, were they? Remembering his bladder, he quickly let go in the receptacle.

When he tried the exterior door, it was locked. He called for help. The response was a very dry,- -The mistress will be notified of your request.- -

She'd been happy with him. Vsr had given her pleasure, he was sure. It was not wrong to make some one feel good, was it? He ran a finger over his belly. Nothing felt the same. His skin was taught and sensitive to the touch. His senses felt heightened by many fold. He heard them coming for him, before the com beeped. He didn't cower in fear as the group of women came in. Mistress Srvntm stood in the lead position as always, but a strange blush crossed her face at his eyes on her.

"Vsrtrm of the plan 3," a young velpin leader struck him with her volume. "You are to be confined to this station for the remainder of your natural life. Any females you have come in contact with will also be quarantined. As such, you no longer have the status of breeder and will be corrected at the time equipment is shipped to this station. Do you have any thing to say on your behalf?"

"Is my mistress confined as well?"

"Srvntm," the velpen glared in her direction, "is no longer colony leader. She will be confined as well. Upon arrival of the sterilizers, you will be removed from quarantine and placed in support positions around the station. Upon satisfactory duty, you may be offered a secondary life with accompanying gonads. Any abhorrent behavior on either of your parts will not be tolerated."

Vsr looked at Srvntm and smiled, "That should give us two years or so."

She returned his smile and blushed even redder.

"You choose to die, then," the new leader snapped. "Your secondary organs will be destroyed." She gave them another hard glance and left with her group of officials.

"I couldn't say that you were damaged, Vsr," Mistress Srvntm sighed. "They wanted to kill you. I couldn't let that happen. Not when you felt so good."

"You know my name?"

"I always know the high level breeders' names. Just as you knew every woman that you've been with," she murmured as she ran her hands over his chest.

***

They were just in the middle of a good sweaty ride when the guards arrived to move them to another more secure enclosure. Vsr was surprised that he became immediately flaccid and followed passively. When they were left to themselves, Srav pressed her body against him and moaned softly. He caressed her face and took a look around. There was a main corridor with a series of rooms off of it. 

- -Please be advised. This is a temporary situation. The female has been sedated to ease your transition.- -

Vsr turned around to see Srvntm flat across the floor with a dart hanging from her thigh. He looked around again. He didn't see the weapon.

- -Please move to the back of the cell for transition.- -

Vsr backed to the farthest place he could get to. He heard a violent struggle and something heavy dropping to the floor.

"Get off of me! Let me the fuck out of here! Damn it, this has gone far enough!"

He heard the high pitched hiss of an air syringe and the yelling stopped.

- -Transition completed. Please allow thirty seconds before regain of consciousness.- -

Vsrtrm quietly walked back in to the main entrance. There on the floor next to Srvntm was the ancestress. He knelt down and touched her skin. She was paler, but they hadn't sheared off the flowing yellow hair like they did the sleeper females. Her roundness drew his fingers up and over her hips. She woke quickly and slapped away his hands.

"Bitch," she named him. "What the hell is going on here?"

"My name is Vsrtrm. I'm sorry I got you into this."

"Viz, huh?"

"Most people call me Vsr. They think that I am defective and wish to isolate me."

She gave him a puzzled look then said, "I made you show how you feel and they think it's contagious?"

"That is why you are here. Srav is here, because I showed her what you showed me. Is there more pleasure you can share?" He paused to allow her to say her name.

"You got around for a little bitch, didn't you, Viz? I'm Greta."

She offered her hand and he took it. "Well, you're not the biggest I've had, but you're willing to learn. I like that. Is she willing to learn, too?"

Srav shook the last of the dart off and pulled it out of her leg. "Willing to learn what?"

"For people that walk around naked, you sure don't know anything about sex."

She stood over Srav and put a hand on her chest, "Pretty flat, aren't we?" Srav looked down at the massaging fingers and then back up at the strange hairy female. "We'll fix this really quickly. You guys come with nothing at all on your bodies, huh?"

Vsr shook his head and frowned. Greta beckoned him in and he caressed her warm full breasts. She purred softly, "No, her. I want to see you with her. Let's see what you can do with your own thoughts."

She stepped away and sat carefully on a nearby bench.

Vsr kissed Srav tentatively and she backed away. He looked over at Greta and was encouraged.

"She doesn't need a kiss. Get her horny, bitch."

Vsr dropped to his knees and gripped the thin woman's waist. She looked down at him with the unfeeling mask of her fear. He placed his lips to her unformed nipples and licked in circles. She stifled a moan as he felt the little bumps rise on the sensitive flesh. Greta sucked on her teeth and shook her head from her seat.

"You people don't have much fun do you?"

She stretched her way off of the bench and ran her hand over his head. He looked up and was struck by the view of her looming breasts. Without thinking about it, Vsr moved away from Srav and placed his face into the crease under the weighty sacks. He purred in pleasure as the full weight of them pressed his eyes shut. He heard Srav speaking softly and Greta's vibrating throaty reply as he smoothed his hands up to her already hardened nipples. He massaged her with his entire face and hands, only briefly coming up for air. He felt her pull away when he started to suck forcefully on the side of her breast. She raised the darkening spot for an inspection and smirked down at him. She dropped down and licked at his throat. The shock pulsed through him as she started to suck and lick his neck. It almost hurt the way she drew the blood into his skin. When she'd finished she showed Srav how to do it on the other side. The fearful sucking made him even more excited. He was allowed to nurse on Greta's nipples as he was lulled into pleasurable complacence. He didn't mind the sudden removal of the breast from his mouth and was waiting calmly with his eyes shut for the next part of this adventure when a pussy was its replacement. He licked happily at the narrow hole as his arms were held down by Srav. It had to be Srav, because he felt hairs on his chin. He searched for Greta's clit ring and worked purposefully at the point that made her spasm until he felt something wrap around his cock. Greta moaned above him in protest, and he remembered his duty. He then noticed the wetness around his penis as the thing slid up and down then around him. He trembled when something raked across the bottom of his glans. He found it hard to concentrate on stimulating the mistress Greta as the joy of a release was beginning to be close. Suddenly the wetness disappeared. He groaned into Greta's hole as the frustration took hold. He wanted to let go of the sperm that was just at the gates of his testicles. 

"You want to come, don't you, bitch? Well, I don't want that yet. You're gonna be deep, deep in my control when that happens."

She slid away from his trembling body and kissed his lips. Greta guided Srav over and whispered in her ear. Srav gave the bigger woman a curious look and kissed Vsr's lips. He responded with his tongue against her shut lips. He pressed firmly at her lips and such at her now pliant lips. She sighed softly into his mouth and he squeezed her bottom. She pulled away and gave Greta a less enthusiastic kiss.

"That's better," Greta breathed. "Now, lay down and my bitch will bring you off."

Vsr looked up with puzzlement.

"Go taste her pussy, bitch. You know you've been dying to do it."

He pulled Srvntm close and spread her legs. She let out a small gasp as he kissed and licked at her opening. He could smell himself on her private parts. He wondered if that taste was also him. He gripped her thighs and relished the flavor that coursed through his brain. Greta positioned herself over Srav and lowered her crotch to just inches from her mouth. The bald woman couldn't keep her mouth shut when Vsr shoved his tongue deep into the warm recesses of her vagina. Greta took advantage of the opportunity and gave Srav her first taste of vagina. Srav gasped and sputtered as Vsr worked at her clit with his lips and tongue. She shrieked and thrashed so forcefully that he nearly took a bite out of her. He reached up and massaged a nipple and she settled down slightly. When he looked up at Greta, she was spreading her pussy so that Srav's light pink tongue could reach more places. Something about that soft tongue darting in and out of Greta made him tremble. He felt moisture on his thigh where his cock was throbbing. He slurped up Greta's nipple and nursed on her until she started to convulse in her orgasm. He was rewarded with multiple kisses over his face as she fingered his cock. Before he knew what was happening, he was thrusting forcefully into Srvntm's hot tight little hole. She moaned under him as Greta nursed on his lips and tongue.

"Fuck her good and harder, bitch," Greta whispered in his ear. "You're gonna come really hard, aren't you?"

Vsr nodded.

"You're gonna pump her belly full of your sperm. And then you'll get it up for me, won't you?"

He could only respond with a grunt. She struck him lightly on the cheek and he looked into her bright blue eyes.

"You'd better get it up for me, or I'll do it for you."

Vsr continued to pump into Srav as he was held by Greta's gaze. "Harder," she growled. He shoved as hard as he thought Srav would take.

"No, harder. Make her shout!"

Vsr complied with the request and drove deeper into Srav with every stroke. He listened in a detached way as Srav moaned below him. He felt the build up in his balls and stopped deep inside. He watched Greta as she realized he was coming. He balanced ever so slightly forward on his arms as Srav bucked under him. He felt the pressure as his semen filled every gap inside her. Greta kissed Srav's face and shoved Vsr off. He wasn't sure how to feel. He'd done what she wanted. Greta raised Srvntm's legs to her chest and licked the leaking opening where he'd just been. He enjoyed the brief respite it gave to him. When Greta was finished, she licked her lips and crawled over.

"Are you ready?"

He looked down at his happily spent cock and apologetically smiled up at her. She shoved him down and inspected the still partially hard cock. Not to be stopped that easily, Greta engulfed his entire cock with her mouth and sucked harshly. Vsr stifled a groan and sat up on his elbows, as he watched his penis slide between her lips. She looked up at him and a surprising sensation occurred when she started to hum. He jumped as the back of her throat closed around him. She moved her throat slightly to force his length farther down. He jerked his hips and pulled in his breath. Her nails raked over his thighs and then massaged his testicles with the slow deliberate firmness that he knew was effective. The tingling in his stomach started to grow as he felt the confines of her throat become tighter. She pulled up and he let out a yelp. His hard cock came free from her lips with a wet slurp and she lifted it to inspect her work. His cock seemed bruised and sensitive as she rolled it in her palms.

"Better," she purred as she ran her body over his. "See, it's nothing to get a little blood flowing when you know how."

She dropped herself on top of him and ground the painfully stiff cock into his abdomen.

"You better have saved a lot of energy, or I won't be satisfied. You think you can fuck me as hard as you can?"

Vsr nodded and gripped her ass. She sat back and spread herself, so that he could see the pink recesses of her opening. She spread her vulva so that he could see the shining gold of the ring in her clit.

"Get in here, bitch."

He moved above her with soar thighs. He opened his mouth and she stopped him from speaking.

"Save the energy. Now, remember, as hard as you can, or I'll be angry."

He positioned himself and gave her a forceful thrust. She smiled and gripped his arms with her nails. The over stimulation made him tremble. He tried to think of other things, but parted lips just a breath away made him think of what it felt inside them. He thrashed within her and shoved her down. She protested, but his hands held her firmly to the ground as he forced himself as far inside as he would go. She held his gaze and smiled subtly as he slowly lost himself. The slapping of his balls across her ass started to hurt in a good sort of way as he shook her with every thrust. He grunted and moaned in her ear as she wrapped her legs around his waist. He trembled as he felt his dick swell for the last push. She flowed under him as he felt the milking of his cock take the first few spurts gently. She relaxed in his grip as she closed her eyes and gasped. He dropped to hold her in his arms. She shoved him away and gave him a slap across his chest.

"Hell, that's more like it," she said and moved to sleep in the nearest bunk without even acknowledging him further.

Spent, he settled Srav into a bunk and held her close. He'd hoped that he hadn't hurt her when he followed Greta's commands, but he was sure she'd let him do it again. 

End