 "What a spry young velpen you are, Vsrtrm. I've watched you in the traditional sports demonstration. I thought you'd never be assigned here. Assume the position."

The tall one lay down on the soft bed and rested his arms over his chest.

"Good," the female smiled. "Help me up."

"Of course, Mistress. Should I put on the cuff?"

She snarled down at him, "You shouldn't require one at your age. I just touch you here..." She cupped his smooth testicles and his penis responded quickly. "...like this. Insert yourself."

"Uh," he blushed, "I wasn't taught where, Lady Kira."

"You idiot. You were supposed to be a smart one. Didn't you read the instructions?"

"I have, mistress," he responded to her anger. There were no pictures or holographs..."

"Here, mmm," she groaned as she shoved him inside her and ground into his pelvis.

She rode forcefully on his confused body until she could stand no more. She then reached under the bed and pulled out a small thin metal rod. She felt along his testicles as she lifted slightly off of him and touched the rod to a specific point.

"Relax yourself or it won't work properly."

The coldness of the rod was making him slacken. He obediently nodded anyway. He didn't understand why he was chosen for this experiment anyway. Then, he felt a jolt of electricity sear into his testicles and his cock jerk violently up into his mistress. He had gasped at the odd sensation and she rewarded him with a sharp slap across his cheek.

"You are not to make any noise in my presence which is not requested." She gripped his testicles with her fingers roughly as they settled back to their original status.

She quickly pulled off of him and he felt the wetness flow down his penis and over his balls.

"That will do for now. Report to the lab in two days for an extraction. Reproduction is never fun, so do not think that it should be. The pleasure you seemed to have taken in the rod means that you are well suited for your chosen occupation. A flaw it may be, but we need every male to offer of himself for the good of the colony."

"Yes, my lady," Vsrtrm slid from the bed and walked as submissively as he possibly could back to his cell of rooms.

***

After months of the same humiliating treatment, Vsrtrm was summoned to the council room. His cowed stance before the leaders was taxing on his back and he'd hoped they would be done with the formal introductions and state business before his legs started to tremble. As trained, he rolled forward his shoulders even further when his name was called.

"As the report states," the official looked Vsrtrm in the eye, "your sperm count is very high. The fault must lie with Lady Kira. As per your parent's request, you are to be sent to the ancestral colonies as a part of the research teams."

"And my lady?" Vsr really didn't need to know, but felt some curiosity because he'd been inside her more than once. "Will she be reassigned as well?"

"She is nonproductive. She will be harvested and terminated. An ancestral donor will easily produce where she has not."

With that , Vsr was ushered quickly through his cell and placed in his launching position onboard the ship.

****

The trip through space had taken it's toll on his health and he had to be placed in sleep for most of the two year trip. There were a lot of females of high rank who deigned to examine his penis and attempt to mount his flaccid cock as he slept. When he awoke, they questioned him about his gray eyes and the small amount of pale hair on the crown of his head. He responded that he was an artificial insemination like everyone else, but his father was partly of ancestral decent. They frowned at him and sucked on their teeth in disapproval. He kept to himself after that. He shaved what little he had to fit in with the others. The arrival was anticlimactic really. He was shown a room and given his instructions for the lab. He would see what the ancestor's reaction to them would be. He was to insert sensors and get them to talk long enough for the translation programs to pick up the language requirements. At first, he thought it would be easy. Every male or female responded to a naked velpen in almost the same way. They backed away and began to scream incoherently. The females would grasp their fleshy chests and gesture at his crotch. After a quick check of the surface dwellers from orbit, it was determined that clothing would be the best way to proceed.

When he first saw the new arrivals, he noticed her bright eyes. He'd never seen anything like it. He'd been so used to the dark browns in the others that he didn't notice the difference in variation. Her blue eyes searched through the crowd calmly as she was moved to an individual cell. He nearly jumped with enthusiasm at the chance to get her to talk. He pulled on the trousers and loose fitting top from the special box they came in and went directly to his superior.

"Madam, I request permission..."

"The blue one, right?" She nearly yawned. "Go on and try out your `clothes' on her."

He suppressed a smile as he jogged to the cell. He opened the door and stepped in. She lounged casually on the cot as if it was a bed. She looked up at him and smiled broadly.

"I thought you'd come."

The dialect was very close to basic. He responded in basic, "Me?"

"Yes, I figured this was some sort of a fetish club the way that we were all taken and stripped. I figure you for a submissive, so I thought you'd take the initiative and offer yourself to your superior."

She tossed her leonine blond hair and moved too close to him. He ducked away from her solid stare. She moved his face toward her and pressed her lips to his. Vsr reacted with a muted gasp and tried not to give way to her. She ran her tongue over his firmly closed lips and smiled, "I know you can do better than that."

"I beg your pardon?" Vsr backed away and pulled his palm unit between him and her oddly vibrating chest. "We are conducting a survey..."

"Save it, bitch. You will do for me what I want done, right?"

"I don't know what you want. I'm not like you..."

"I can see by the way that you stand that you're more scared than anything, so maybe we should start a little slower. Show me what you have to offer me, slave."

The numbers on his palm unit told him that she was the most calm subject they'd ever found. He felt this odd sensation in his crotch when she'd touched him with her tongue. He wanted to do what she wanted, but he didn't know the language.

"Take off your clothes slave."

He dropped the palm and carefully removed the shirt and pants that he'd had reproduced. She watched with her hands on her hips as he completed his utilitarian strip.

"Good, bitch. Now, let's see all of you. Turn around slowly. That's great. You shave. That's good."

Vsr blushed involuntarily at the mention of his lack of hair. All velpen had none. He was unfortunate to have what little hair he had on his head. He felt oddly cold and covered his chest with his arms. She put one hand over his crossed arms and one hand on his testicles. Her warm fingers ran over the folds and wrinkles of the flesh.

"How do you get your balls so smooth?"

"My balls?"

"Yeah, these." She gave them a squeeze. "Your mother must have kept you wrapped up tight."

"They come that way, mistress."

"Ooh, you're a quick responder, that's good."

She moved her hand to stroke his penis in a mock of the reproduction rite. He shivered as he tried not to show the joy at such pleasure. She stroked harder.

"Oh, you were taught badly. You need to show me your pleasure, or I might stop," she sighed as she dropped his cock and moved away.

"I can not, mistress."

"Why not?"

"It is frowned upon here."

"Fuck that." She grabbed his arms and whipped her hair across his face. He gasped as the silken strands rubbed across his nipples and then back up to his chin. She then rubbed her fleshiness across his folded arms. A strange tightness overtook his thighs.

"Yeah, you like that. You do what I want without thinking. You live to please me, get it?"

"Of course, mistress. Would you enjoy stimulation before the reproductive rite?"

"Stimulation?" She looked him square in the eye and smiled, "I should hope so."

Vsr dropped to his knees and licked at her nipples. The flesh responded in ripples as he enjoyed the warmth of her on his face. She hummed softly as she caressed his smooth head and squeezed her breast into his open mouth. By instinct, his tongue wrapped around the hardened nub as he sucked gently. Her casual hum changed to a determined moan as she rubbed his bare scalp and fondled his ears. Her affection sent tingles into his spine and he clutched her waist.

"That's a good little boy. Let's lay down and see how well you can satisfy momma."

`Momma?' He'd never heard that word before. He'd have to look it up when he got a chance. His mind quickly returned to his welcoming partner. As she spread herself seductively on the floor, she beckoned him with her fingers.

Unsure of what to do, the attendants all turned away from the observation screens. They refused to show each other their shock and dismay.

Vsr touched his lips and tongue to places he'd never tasted before. She let out giggles when he bristled at the feel of her hair in his teeth. She pushed him away gently and redirected him downward to her breasts again. He gripped her legs for leverage.

"That's a good boy," she panted as she stung his back with her finger nails. "Taste me. Go on. Go all the way down. I know you want to."

He looked down at the patch of hair that hid the one thing that he'd never been allowed to touch let alone taste. She motion for his head to be down there. She opened her legs wide to show the shining flesh inside. His trembling fingers itched at the idea of spreading her thighs farther to get an even better view. She obliged with her knees up toward her shoulders.

"Smell it, bitch. Lick it."

He dropped down to a mere inch from the bush and inhaled. The heady odor made him shake convulsively. All curiosity had been dissolved by this drive he couldn't understand.

"Don't be shy on my account. Lick it. I'll let you know if you go wrong."

He gave a tentative lick and tangy sting shot through him. He licked again. He felt his thighs tighten again. He wanted to bury his face into her. She pushed at his head to move away.

"Gentler. And higher," she panted as she twisted her left nipple idly.

He moved his tongue up into the hidden recesses in the hair and met with an obstruction to the smoothness of her labia. She pulled in her breath and ground the cold hardness into his lips. He fastened his lips around it and realized that this roundness didn't belong to her. As he licked around the hard ring, he encountered a firm ridge of flesh it was connected to. She jumped under him and sighed, "Right there, boy. Lick my clit. Suck on the ring, harder. Yeah, like that."

Her rocking hips made it hard to concentrate on just the right place. He settled into a slow rhythm which she responded to with sighs and moans. He twisted the little piercing with the tip of his tongue and teased the little knob of tissue as it became firmer and warmer under his tongue. Vsr couldn't understand the many different ways her body responded to this simple stimulation. When she screamed and bucked he jumped away. At first, he thought he'd done something wrong. She howled so passionately, he thought he might need to call in a doctor. But, the apparent seizure subsided and she looked up at him with a smile.

"What a good bitch you are. Come and fuck me while I still have the glow."

"Mistress?" He didn't try to hide his confusion and curiosity from her.

She got up and pushed him to lie on his back. Her skin seemed to be on fire until he felt the coolness of the floor on his back. She looked down at his penis and he followed her gaze. It stood up against his stomach fully erect. He'd never seen it so full of blood. When she took it into her hand, he grinned with the pleasure and closed his eyes. She stroked at him forcefully and kissed him in pleased command. He felt his hips rise off of the floor in unison with her determined stroking. She then slid her wet pussy over his more than ready cock. His eyes flew open to meet her sharp blue orbs just inches from his. He let out a grunt as she slowly raised and lowered herself on him. She straightened up and let out soft breathes of sound as he watched her nipples bob pleasantly before his face. He arched his back and captured the closest one in his lips.

She cooed, "Mmm. Yeah. You're learning quickly."

He moaned around her breast as she shoved herself completely onto his rod. Vsrtrm felt his thighs tingling with the effort to not move. For years it was his job not to thrust back and wait for the rod to give him release. Oh, the feelings in his body as he felt a strange build up in his lower abdomen. She ground into him and let out another startling series of short screams. She slumped down over him with her hair in his face. She nibbled at his throat as he felt it. She wasn't moving but he felt her insides sliding against him. It forced his hips into an awkward thrust. She moaned louder next to his ear and he moved deeper. She began to grind into him again with the strange flowing of her inner flesh to urge him on. He needed to keep thrusting. He knew he'd be in trouble, but he had to. The desire flowed through his veins and came out of his hips. Then he felt the shock of ejaculation run through him and his continued pumping made the sensation even better than he'd ever imagined. She raised to put her hands on his chest. He wondered at the connection between their two bodies. She caressed him lightly and slid off.

"Next time, You get to choose what you want."

Next time. His body sang at the thought of another chance to feel this joy.

End....