 The wind blew crisply across the dunes, grains of sand dancing along in the wake of it's passing. 

Galen hunched his shoulders tighter in the battered leather jacket, feeling the comfortable weight of the shoulder rig across his shoulders. The Detonics Combatmasters nestled there like a part of him. The wind invaded the warmth of his body as though punishing him for his being there, but some things are worth the punishment.

"Five years," he thought. "five years and I still come here, hoping to find her again."

His hands moved up to adjust his sunglasses, the lenses momentarily fogging from the warmth of his hands. Reaching into his jacket, he took a cigarette from the pack in his shirt pocket, his free hand going into his trouser pocket, pulling out the beaten and worn Zippo lighter he'd had since South America. Running his thumb over the crest embossed on it he flipped back the cowling. Inhaling, he savored the slight tightness in his chest as the smoke wound its way into his lungs. His memories going back to that night five years ago.....

"C'mon Galen, have a beer man," Buzz called, leaning onto the tap of the keg. "It's party time!!!!"

"No thanks," Galen said, a tight grin crossing his lips. " you guys seem to be doing fine just the same. I'm going for a stroll." He said walking away from the bonfire towards the surf.

The sounds of the party fading behind him, Galen walked along the shoreline, the surf splashing against his feet and ankles. Little flecks of foam dotted the water, the moon shimmering in the sky above casting a pale pallor over the meeting of sand and water. The crashing of the waves all but obscuring the raucous beach party he had just left. Moving away from the water he headed towards an open gazebo marking the southern tip of the island. As he got closer he noticed a woman leaning against one of the supports, her arms closed around it.

"Hello," she said, as he plodded up the dune and mounted the steps leading into the gazebo's common area. 

"Umm Hi," Galen said nervously, looking at her now.

Maybe 5 foot tall, dark hair, thick, wavy, an impish grin crossing her lips. Not too muscular but he could tell she took care of herself.

She moved towards him, taking his hands in hers. "Come here," she said, placing his hands on her hips. Pulling him over to the railing, she hopped up onto it, wrapping her legs around his waist.

"Kiss me," she breathed softly into his ear, her lips moving against him.

Moving one hand away from her, touching at her face, raising it up to meet his. He bent down and touched his lips to hers, feeling them part under the pressure. Her hands moved over his face and neck, reaching down his body to grasp his waist, pulling him harder against her. Legs raising, she drew him closer to her body. 

Breaking the kiss, Galen moved his hands up her back feeling the muscles of her back undulate as she worked to get his shirt off. Leaning back, her legs grasping at him tighter now he allowed her to pull his shirt up over his head. His fingers finding the straps of the cotton shift she was wearing, hooking under them, drawing them down. Exposing her breasts, her back arching towards him.

Slowly he rubbed a palm over them, feeling her nipples stiffen under his caress. He bent down and took one in his mouth, his hand running down her side, encircling her waist, pulling her body against him. Her hands running through his hair and lightly scratching his scalp. She reached down and pulled his face to hers, small whimpers coming from her throat as she crushed her mouth to his. 

Galen felt her tongue enter into his mouth, probing, tasting. He luxuriated in her taste, the smells and heat coming off her body. Quickly he pulled her cotton dress over her head letting it fall. Gathering her in his arms, picking her up off the railing and gently placing her on the wooden floor of the gazebo. Standing over her he drew his shorts from his body, letting them fall to the ground beside her.

He slowly moved his lips to her ears, biting there lightly, feeling the small shivers it brought from her body. Letting his tongue slide down to the nape of her neck, tasting the saltiness of her sweat and the perfume of her body on this night.

Her hands in his hair he moved lower, coming into the valley formed by her breasts. Sliding his hands under her, he raised her back, arching her into him. His mouth hungrily finding one of her nipples, he tongued at it eliciting small gasps from her. Taking small nips at her body, moving lower, lingering at her navel. Tongue dipping into this small niche he let one of his hands loose from her back to reach down. Teasing, finding her, the moist warmth of her.

As his fingers traced her lips, she clutched at his shoulders. Small pants coming from her mouth, echoing in the structure around them.

Slowly he eased his fingertips inside of her, feeling the wetness of her arousal. Bringing his tongue down onto the smooth hairless mound of her, he let his teeth trace her outer lips, licking at the hollows of her thighs. Moving in to taste at her, the slight tartness of her juices slightly tingling on his tongue, he pressed his mouth to her.

Her hands clenching and unclenching at his hair, the fingernails raking his scalp. She let out a small scream, more like a yelp really. Urging him on, head lolling from side to side. 

Flicking his tongue up her lips he located her clitoris, half hidden under the folds of flesh topping her opening. Licking up under it's hood, he brought his tongue down on it teasing it to further arousal. Poking up like one of her nipples, he suckled it letting his tongue rub across the top.

"OH GOD YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" She wailed, arching her hips into his mouth. Clenching his head closer into her. Breath coming in gasps, she cried out her orgasm racking the timbers above their heads.

Slowly she came back from her rapture. The little grin coming to her lips once again. "My turn," she smiled.

Galen felt himself being turned on to his back, her strength belying her small frame. She licked at his face, tasting her juices as she stared at him, her dark eyes glittering like obsidian. Moving her body down his, stopping to play with the stud in his left nipple. His body torquing upwards, clasping her head to his chest, his cock jerking in arousal. A throaty chuckle coming from her, she let her lips trail down his body. Fingernails raking over the sensitive tip of his cock, she lay across his legs.

Looking up at him, she let her lips slowly cover the head of his penis, tongue flicking out to taste the pre-cum forming there. Opening her mouth wider she let his body fill her mouth, not stopping until she reached the base of him. He moaned as he felt the muscles of her throat, tense up and then release his glans, like a small fist.

Slowly she began to move her head up and down his shaft. Looking at him, watching his body tense and jerk from her ministrations. Feeling the muscles in his legs tense and release under her body. His hands moving through her hair, feeling the texture of her hair in his fingers. Not directing her, just guiding.

She watched him bite down onto his bottom lip and knew it would be soon. Feeling the steady swelling of his cock sliding in her mouth. Reaching down her body feeling her own wetness there between her legs. Pressing one finger against her clitoris she hunched her hips slowly up and down in time with her mouth on his cock.

Galen looked down the length of his body, watched her as she took him into her mouth. Felt her hand rub at the stud in his nipple, then he felt it. That tingle along his spine, signaling an impending orgasm. "I'm gonna cum," he told her. 

Moaning around his cock she smiled. "That's it baby, come on, I want to taste you." She rasped as she began to jerk at him. 

"Oh God, Oh shit, Oh Jesus, Oh, here it comes." Galen gasped as the first shock of his orgasm ripped through him.

Bending down, she trapped the head of his cock in her mouth feeling the head swell and the first blast of cum shooting from him. She swallowed greedily, smiling all the same. Pulling her head back she felt another jet splash against her lips, opened her mouth and caught the last of his cum, letting it slide down her throat.

Rising up onto all fours she crept up his body, Galen thinking she looked like some taut animal hunting for prey. She kissed him, letting him taste himself, tasting herself at the same time. His hands running over her body once more, she straddled him. Reaching between them she took his cock, now semi-hard, and began to rub her pussy over it, grabbing at the stud in his chest. His hands going to her breasts, fingers tightening on the nipples, her mouth making a little "o" of pleasure, mouth twisting into a grin.

She felt his cock, pulsing against her clitoris, and began to slide back and forth over it. Reaching down between them she raised her hips and took him into her. Sighing she began to lower herself on him, getting used to his length inside of her. 

Galen felt the warm wet heat of her pussy on his cock, her inner muscles grabbing at him, and hunched his hips up into her, eliciting a cry of pleasure from her lips. His hands on her hips he forced her down onto his cock time and again, feeling her shudder against him as her clit rubbed against his pelvis. Watching her face for the first trembling in her eyes signaling her orgasm. 

She reached down to him and placed her hands on his chest, using them to steady herself as she rode him ,feeling him rubbing against her insides, clenching at him with her muscles. Then she felt it like a dam welling up inside of her, her eyes widened as she began her orgasm.

Galen, seeing this, flipped her onto her back and raised her legs up onto his shoulders allowing his cock to graze her clitoris as he stroked himself into her.

"AAAHH!! That's it, I'm gonna cum!!" She shrieked as her nails raked against his flesh opening furrows there. 

The shock of the pain and the grasping of her pussy at his cock sent Galen into orgasm, groaning, he shoved his cock as deep as it would go as he felt her juices runover. His come jetting out from his cock flooding her womb. 

Slowly they came to rest against each other, him still laying atop her, his cock nestled in her pussy, the two of them caressing the other's bodies. 

Lying back he pulled her close into his arms feeling her hands touching at his face, feeling her breath against his throat. Hearing her say "I'm sorry." Then feeling the twin points of fire at his neck, passing out.

Galen started at the pain in his hand, looking down, he saw the cigarette burning his fingers. Throwing the ash to the ground he reached up to his neck feeling the twin scars there.

Thinking to himself , "I never told anyone what happened, they would've called me crazy. Locked me up." 

Just then his C-phone trilled from his jacket pocket, checking the number, he answered it, " Yeah. Is the warrant signed? Very well, >sighs< I'll be there in half an hour." Placing the phone back into his pocket he walked down from the gazebo to where he parked his bike. 

As he started the Triumph Sprint ST, he wondered to himself, " I wonder what I'll do if I ever see her again?" He put the bike into gear and headed down the beach access, towards the station. As he hit the tarmac he passed a Mercedes limousine, the windows mirror-tinted. 

Inside, in the darkness. A small dark-haired woman, older than she appeared, says "Maybe you'll love her?"

_________________________________________________ 

Thanks for reading it. Let me know what you think.

~Bushido71XS 