 Author's Note:  

After several months of work reworking both Halfbreed and A Catian's Dream, I'm finally re-releasing both on Lit! A Catian's Dream is set 2,500 years or so before the events of Halfbreed. It follows the journey of the first Human-Catian pryde that developed in the aftermath of First Contact. Unlike that more serious story, this is happy, silly, sexy fun, and I hope you enjoy it! 

This story will end up being much longer than the original, with a fleshed out world and more character interactions than ever before! Hope you enjoy! 

- Hooky 

* * * 

Jon had never known what it meant to be in love. 

He thought he had known what it was like once: several times, actually. But a pair of college flings and a few, abortive dating experiments while he was busy working for the NAA's diplomatic corps were not love. They were affection, lust disguised as true emotional connection. It paled in comparison to the kind of serene intimacy he now felt with Felicia. 

This was love. This was romantic obsession; passion for another to the extent that the very idea of leaving them, even for a moment, seemed unbearable. Felicia's smile made his head turn into a fireworks show, made his heart skip a beat, made his spine tremble with fear and electric anticipation. 

The alien from another world seemed to feel the same for him as well. He'd never seen the Catian manage to tear herself away from her fellow pryde members for so long before. She slept in Jon's bed, stayed with him when he decided to forego the business of the day, laughed as they talked idly about their youths and their future dreams while tangled together in the nude. 

As they talked they ran their hands up and down each other's naked bodies, to remember the feel of one another. When Jon leaned close, she put her head against his shoulder; when Felicia curled up against his side, he put an arm around her and stroked her hair. 

And when they both gave in to the rising want to be with one another, they made love for the second time. Her red tail wrapped around him like a belt against his waist, urging him deeper within her as they moved as one atop the bed. When he came within her, his lips were at her neck while hers nibbled at his ear, Felicia's voice breathing out his name with heavy, labored whispers "Jon." 

They spent the next day together in the room. Felicia took a cat nap while Jon ducked out for a short time to bring them food, but mercifully he did not run into any of her pryde along the way to the kitchen. He just managed to extricate himself from their shared living space in time to see Sereana walking through the back door, on her daily guard rounds. 

Hustling back to his sanctum, he found the redhead lounging stomach-down atop the bed, her legs curled back towards her plump rump as she stared coyly back at him, a sly smile upon her face. After another long, slow experience where Jon took her from behind yet again, the two shared an unclothed meal together on his private veranda. Felicia lounged atop him on the lone recliner as he idly fed food from the plate into both of their mouths. 

He felt the curve of her spine, the ticklish way she responded to his hands. Her tail was like a traitorous informant to her wants and desires: sweeping and twitching to the feel of his body. Already Jon was starting to learn things about how she felt, what she liked, and what made her gasp from the simple reactions of her furry appendage. When he kissed her, he felt the little licks from her tongue as though she were lapping at him, and in the heavy setting sun of the Catian system's largest blue star, it was all cast in the heady sapphire glow of an evening's end. 

At the end of that second, blissful night, Jon sat on the bed cross legged, his head lowered as he stared at the frilled sheets. Felicia lounged upon the bed, curling her stomach around his back protectively as she stared up at him from his right, her hand upon her chin and her golden eyes lost in thought. 

"You're wonderful, you know." She purred, her face serious but her voice warm and loving. "You've got nothing to be afraid of, telling the rest of the pryde." 

Jon shook his head, a feeling welling up deep within him as he turned to look at the precious thing that seemed so content to be within his presence. His hand went to her shoulder, rubbing the smooth skin as he worked the kinks from her back. She hummed and leaned her lips against his leg. "It's not fear, Kitten. It's..." 

His thoughts drifted to the space station hanging far above their heads. How was he supposed to tell his superiors what had just transpired? The magnitude of the first interspecies romance for humans in the galaxy, and the potential consequences of his own, compromised objectivity on the subject? He had no idea where he stood anymore, neither with his government, nor with the Catians. 

Jon chuckled to himself, "I guess it's a little bit of fear." He let out a thick sigh of emotion. "I'm... I've never felt this way about someone before, Felicia." 

She smiled, flashing her fangs at him as her tail curled above her prone body. "I've only felt it about five times in my life. But you're the first male, which is saying something." 

Jon snorted, mussing her hair so that she let out a squeak of indignance. "Way to make me feel special, Kitten." He looked at the floor, his face going solemn, "Does it- do you have to be with the same person as them? Can't we... I don't know-" 

She bared her teeth as she grinned, her laughter as light and carefree as a feather. "You humans and your 'rules,' Jon. They're my blood, my life-partners. As surely as you are. What kind of pryde-sister would I be if I didn't share you with them? And they with you?" 

He felt the warmth of her skin surrounding him and it only made Jon feel more conflicted. He leaned down and kissed the top of her head. "I just don't want this to end between us." He whispered, and she let out a low moan. 

"It won't." She breathed, her voice as quiet as the daylight's death. They were now enshrouded in the darkness. "I'm still me, Jon, and you're still you." Her finger traced his thigh, "...There's just a few other people to consider." 

Once again Jon didn't know how to respond, so he leaned down into her, kissing the Catian gently on the lips for another long moment. "But it's you who's done this to me, Kitten." 

Felicia blew a lock of red hair out of her way. "You make a pryde sound so much more complicated than it is, love." She said, her finger swirling playfully around his kneecap as he sat. "Hmm... you know, now that I've caught you in our collective web, I get first dibs on monikers. What should your nickname be?" 

"The Last Human on Catia." He joked. She let out a lilting laugh. 

"The biggest cock on Catia." She replied, leaning forward over the curve of his thigh and licking along the flaccid length of his penis. She kissed the base of his navel, just above his slowly growing erection before leaning back to her original spot. "But that would just go to your head, wouldn't it?" 

"Both, actually." he retorted, smiling back at her. 

They dozed off in each other's arms, the night swallowing the lovers in its gentle touch. Jon slept more soundly than he had ever done since he'd first left the surface of Earth, soothed into slumber by the soft purring of the creature whose head leaned against his chest. 

That night he dreamed: a hazy, conflicted memory of past events and dead faces, jumbled together into an unintelligible mess of confusion, uncertainty, and a deep-seated sorrow that had dogged Jon in the recent years of his life. He awoke to the gentle push of a hand against his shoulder, his body caked in sweat and his tongue dry in his mouth. 

"Jon." She said, like a lyrical sound in his ear. He opened his eyes and looked at Felicia, her irises shimmering like gold coins in the light. "Jon, wake up." 

"Mmh, what is it, Kitten?" He groaned, quietly relieved to be free of the uneasy nightmare. 

"Are you okay?" She asked, touching his face, her fingers running through his brown hair. "You've been tossing and turning." 

"I'm fine." He lied, propping himself up on his elbows. He wiped the cold sweat from his brow and tried to steady his heartbeat. Jon flashed her a diplomat's smile. 

Her eyes said she didn't believe his shaky excuse, but Felicia simply nodded and smiled at him. "Come on," She said changing the subject. "Let's go for a walk." 

"To where?" Jon asked, quirking an eyebrow. 

"You'll find out soon enough." She whispered in his ear, kneeling up off the bed and slipping free from the covers. Jon twisted in place and reached out to stop her from leaving his side. 

"Hey, where are you going?" He said, as the nude Catian pulled free from his grasp and slinked towards the veranda. She crooked a finger in his direction and grinned. 

"Come on." She said, her voice low and husky. 

"At this time of night?" Jon asked, bemused. He was now fully awake, and half erect to boot. 

"It's a surprise." She replied, disappearing behind the door. 

Jon liked surprises. With a deep sigh he threw aside the covers to his bed and stood up off the ground, stretching for a long moment before he loped along after her, drawn ever onwards in pursuit of his Catian prey. He walked out into the moonlight of the veranda, delighting in the cool air that surrounded them after the stuffiness of his room. 

His Catian was standing at the edge of the secluded veranda, looking out across the long expanse of grass between the back porch and the large, natural pond that lay at the back of the property. Across the pond, on the other side of the shore, the open jungle of Catia called to them. 

Jon walked up behind Felicia, pulling her back against his chest as he breathed in the scent of her hair. She smiled and swayed in his grasp, their hips moving in sequence together as they stared out at the placid water. 

"Join me for a swim?" She piped up. 

Jon blinked, not comprehending her words at first. "...What?" 

"You're covered in sweat. I guess your dream got a bit hotter than you expected?" She tilted her head back to look at him, her eyebrow quirking. "The water is wonderful this time of night." 

Jon laughed, "Seriously?" 

She smirked, pulling away from his grasp and boldly stepping beyond the veranda. 

Her bare feet moved across the open grass of the backyard with a graceful, Catian gait. Her hips swayed back and forth as she darted forward, moving in a direct path towards the waterline. Jon watched her from the doorway, awestruck at her fearlessness. Her tail was held high, her bare skin silhouetted in the bright light of the moon cast upon the earth. 

Halfway across the field, a fully nude Felicia tilted her head back and smiled at Jon, beckoning him onward. Despite his better judgement, the Human followed, shivering in the night air as he cast worried glances back at the house. Thankfully, it was the dead of night. All the lights were out. 

Jon watched as Felicia dipped her toe daintily into the water. She let out a sigh, stepping in and wading forth into the cool, black spring up to her waist. She twisted her spine back to look at him, her face shrouded in darkness and her body silhouetted by the moon behind her. 

Jon followed, called onward by this dreamlike vision of a feminine being waiting for him in the water. He took a ginger step into the shallows and felt the cool touch of it lapping against his skin. He took another step, then another. Felicia turned to face him, her ears perked up and her tail twirling gently in the water behind. She extended her arms, and he walked into them, circling her waist with his hands. 

"Isn't this nice?" She whispered, pivoting on her heel so that he had to slowly orbit her to keep his grasp on her hips. The moonlight hit her face, and Jon could see her golden eyes staring back at him, a sensual smile gracing her lips. 

"There's better words to describe it." Jon replied, leaning in and capturing her mouth with his. 

She moaned, her body pressing tight to him as her breasts pushed against his chest. "Show me then." She whispered. 

His hands trailed to her back, his fingers sliding down her narrow shoulders. She was fascinating to touch, her slender form so familiar, yet strangely alien to him. Jon felt Felicia's small claws crawl down his back with the barest hint of pressure. 

"Careful, Kitten." He said, grinning at her mischievous smile. 

"Why?" She asked, her tone playful, "Afraid I might hurt you?" 

"Afraid you might make me do something about it." He replied, reaching up to grab her by the back of the head and pull her into another kiss, deeper this time. The two held the connection for a long moment before she pulled away. 

Felicia smirked. "You're still sweaty." She licked her lips, taking him by the shoulders as a wicked grin grew on her face. "I can fix that." 

Felicia leapt forward, leaning her weight into his chest. Before he could do much as utter a complaint, he pitched back headfirst into the water. 

Jon felt the lake engulf him as the weight of the Catian brought him down to the shallow bottom. Felicia squirmed in his grasp, her hands running up and down his chest before surreptitiously reaching down to grope his genitals. 

Jon game up for air spluttering, tossing his damp hair around his head to clear his vision. Felicia appeared in front of him moments later like a shark surfacing, her hair stuck to her head and shrouding her eyes with its thick strands. Her hand was on his thigh, and her face remained beneath the water up to her nose. 

He scowled at her, and she giggled, bubbles rising up from beneath the water. The time for vengeance was nigh. He lurched forward to grab at her, but Felicia was too quick for him. She danced back, lifting her head out of the lake and squirting a line of water from her mouth into his face. Jon spluttered again and Felicia started laughing. 

"You little brat!" He exclaimed. The Catian grinned, flashing her fangs at him. 

"You needed a bath, anyway." She joked. Out of patience for her antics, Jon surged forward and caught her in his arms. She let out a squeal but pulled tighter to him, looking up at him from beneath her wet, red bangs with lidded eyes. "See? Now you're perfect." She breathed. 

Jon growled, pulling her into another deep kiss, his hand reaching down to roughly knead her ass. "Careful, Kitten." He said again, planting a purple hickey against her neck. She let out a gasp and ran her nails down his bare chest as he claimed her as his own. 

"Hnnnh! C-careful of what?" She said, trying her best to keep her fiendishly innocent tone. Felicia made an attempt to shy away from him again, but he trapped her in his arms. Her hands slid down to grasp Jon's erection, tugging at him as her eyes lidded low, like the cat who'd caught the cream. 

Jon pulled her right against his chest, and she melted in his grasp. He twisted her hips, spinning her around so that her back was to him. She did not resist, giggling at the feel of his strong hands pulling her flanks hard against his groin. She grinded up and down along the length of his cock, bending forward so that he could see the full line of her spine and shoulder blades as she placed her hands on the tops of her thighs. 

Taking her signal, Jon positioned himself, angling against her folds even as his lover let out another heady moan. He entered her, the gentle lapping of the cool water at his thighs contrasting in a wonderful way with the distinct heat of her interior. Felicia gasped, her spine rippling as her wet tail curled up against his stomach and chest. 

"Jon." She said, rocking her hips back against him to take the full of his length inside her. He thrust forward, and she shuddered, moaning as he slid home. Taking her hips in his hands, he steadied them both as the two began a slow, methodical sex session beneath the glowing moon of the alien world. 

Things took on a heated, dreamlike quality again. Jon grunted as he thrust hard against his Catian lover, pressing ever deeper into her pussy as he rolled his hips forward. Her gasping shudders were timed like an immaculate drum beat, her insides clenching against him as she humped in tune to his touch. 

Their pace quickened. Jon reached forward, pulling her up into his arms so that her back was flush with his chest. She moaned and tilted her head back, kissing his shoulder as he held her tight against him, changing the angle of the thrust and eliciting still more cries of pleasure from her. 

He stuck his thumb into her mouth and she began to eagerly suck at it, nipping on his fingertips with her fangs when they came too close, before gasping again when he hit a particularly sensitive spot inside her. 

Smack. Felicia's flailing tail slapped against Jon's cheek, momentarily blinding him from the shock of the unexpected impact. He grunted and hooked his right arm under her hips to steady himself, then used his left hand to grab her tail at the base for levera- 

"Aaaaugh!" Felecia screamed, her body going rigid as Jon's fingers pressed down at the base of the spine where her tail was. Jon faltered mid-stroke, frightened for a moment that he might have hurt her. He was about to sheepishly apologize when Felicia turned her head back to look at him. It was a red mess, pure lust mixed with tingling pleasure of a kind he had never seen on a woman before. She let out a low, feminine growl, flashing her fangs in a wide, dopey smile. 

Emboldened, Jon pressed his fingers down upon the trigger point again. Felicia shuddered and moaned. Smiling to himself, Jon resumed his thrusting, driving deeper this time, doing everything he could to make his mate scream with pleasure. It did not take long for Felicia to orgasm, her mewls reaching a high crescendo as she twitched in his grasp. 

"Oh, Jon!" She shouted, loud enough that Jon cast a momentary, worried glance in the direction of the villa. The hard clench of her insides against his cock brought him back to the heat of the moment, and he continued to press into the sucking sensation, the wet slaps of their bodies together growing ever louder and increasing in pace. 

He did not let up on her, intent as he was to pay Felicia back for her mischievous antics. Taking her by the hips, he pounded into her, the budding orgasm rising like a tide within his chest. His breath came in and out of his nose in short, heavy bursts as his balls clenched and his spine went taut. Crushing her against his hips, Jon erupted, his cockhead swelling as he came within her. Felicia screamed, clenching against him as she orgasmed yet again. She pushed her rump hard back against his crotch as together they rode out the storm. 

They both panted as they held there, breathless from the rush of sexual pleasure. Felicia started to laugh, an honest, melodic joy in the aftermath. Despite his own exhaustion, Jon found himself joining in with her. The troubles of his recent nightmares and the memories of the past fell away, and for a moment the only thing that existed in the world was himself, his Catian, and the moonlit paradise they found themselves in. 

They held together for another long moment, before finally he pulled free. Felicia pivoted on her heel and threw her arms around him, kissing him deeply as they rocked in place. 

"Mmmh." She moaned, vocalizing her feelings in a contented breath. 

"I warned you, Kitten." Jon said when they at last broke contact, staring deep into one another's eyes. He reached up to scratch her behind the ear. 

Felicia cooed at the touch and leaned into his hand. "You did." She whispered, almost shy in the afterglow. 
