 Walker trudged his way closer to the small city through the howling wind and the driving snow, his long gray hair whipping out behind him. He still wore only his thin denim jacket because cold never touched him; Walker burned with a raging internal heat unknown to any mere human.

As he did, Walker approached a house in which some repairs were being considered for the spring. Brittany and her husband had lived in the small, bungalow-style home for only a few years but she was already growing tired of its appearance. She wanted -- no, needed -- something different, something new, something with a little more flair and a little more spark than her current dull surroundings.

Unfortunately, Brittany admitted to herself with a deep sigh that it was not merely her house that needed a new spark but indeed the totality of her life, especially her sex life. Brittany was a timid 23-year-old who was exceedingly attractive yet who hid her beauty behind plain clothes and drab hair styles, due largely to the preference of her husband. She had married her high school sweetheart immediately after graduation because he was safe, predictable, a known quantity. Her husband had proven to be everything she expected him to be -- habitual, dull, and boring. 

He worked hard, but even though he was only one year older than she he had already developed those concrete habits that reminded Brittany of an old man. He awoke at precisely the same time everyday, followed the exact same daily pattern, arrived home and went to bed at the exact same time every night after having again followed a known pattern. He liked meatloaf on Tuesdays and wore tan pajamas to bed.

And there, in bed, is where Brittany had found him to be the most horribly lacking. When they were in high school Brittany had been caught up in the forbidden delights of sneaking around to fuck her boyfriend, so she thought their sex life was incredible. Besides, they were only able to have sex everyone once in a great while, so every time they fucked it was explosive. But once they got married Brittany realized the reason her husband had been fine only having sex once a month was because he only wanted it once a month, and there was nothing she could do to encourage him to be more virile.

But that wasn't even the worst of it for Brittany. On the rare occasions they did actually fuck, her husband would again follow a predictable pattern: Roll on his side, kiss her for about a minute, mount her, fuck her for about another minute, cum with a whimper, then roll off and immediately go to sleep. Brittany would lay there in the dark listening to him snore, thinking this is what the next 60 years of her life had to offer and feeling more and more desperate with every passing month.

Brittany was beyond dissatisfied with her sex life and she desperately needed a real man who would fuck her properly. She often thought of what that would be like and would usually masturbate briefly, then let her thoughts go as foolish dreaming. Today, however, as the snow whirled and the wind howled around a lone walker making his way past her house, she suddenly felt almost ravenous, mad with lust, a sex-crazed beast whose panties were already saturated with overflowing pussy juices. She imagined a real man fucking her the way a woman was meant to be fucked, and she wished longingly for a man who would allow her to explore her naughty side. 

Because more than perhaps anything else, more than just be handled and used by a man who could please her sexually, more than being deftly employed as a device for his pleasure, what Brittany desperately wanted was to be butt fucked hard. Her life, especially her sex life, was more than merely vanilla; it was vanilla with all the flavor drained out. She so wanted to feel dirty, to be naughty, to connect with her sexual side and to explore the darker, more forbidden and taboo aspects of sex. Brittany thought having a thick hard cock sliding slowly into her well-lubed ass was a delightful place to begin.

Mike had just pulled up to the house that was to be his first inspection and estimate for the day, a small and dull looking bungalow; considering the weather it would also likely be his last. The amount of work planned to be done come spring was rather extensive, so his boss -- the owner of the whole contracting business and the only other one working on this foul day -- was planning on joining him there shortly to help out and get the estimate right.

Mike had the chiseled good looks and hard body that was often attached to men who worked hard with their hands. His body was thin and muscular, his face angular, clean shaven and handsome, and his jet black hair was tossed back in a foppish, Elvis-like tassel. Between his looks, his wit and his charm, Mike had never had any trouble attracting the company of ladies and had certainly always pleased those whom he chose to bring home to his bed.

But ever since getting caught playing with himself at just the moment of orgasm when he was about 13, Mike had always been tremendously turned on at the thought of fucking in places and situations in which there was the chance of being seen, or even better, having an authority figure of some kind walk in on him while having illicit sex. He had tried with many of his numerous sex partners in the past, but they were either too nervous to do it, too scared to finish, or too intimidated to really open up the way he needed them to. Despite years of successful sexual experiences, Mike had just never been able to pull this one off for some reason.

He had been thinking languidly about this fantasy as he drove along the snowy roads today, more of a pleasant distraction on a cold day than a serious plan of action. But as he pulled in front of the house, Mike suddenly felt overwhelmed by powerful sexual energy, felt like stripping himself naked right there in the bitter cold so everyone could see him, so anyone who wanted to could view his sexual prowess and his considerable endowments; his cock became so thick and hard that it nearly burst through his work pants. He wanted to run the risk of being seen, and it was onto this thought that his mind latched as he knocked on the front door of the little bungalow.

As soon as Brittany swung the door open and the pair caught each other's eye, it was if they knew what the other needed. Brittany and Mike immediately embraced passionately, their kisses ranging all over the other's lips, face, and neck. The pair stumbled into Brittany's living room and onto her couch, but Mike very deliberately left the front door wide open. He wanted anyone who might happen to drive by to be able to see them fuck -- or even better, to have his boss see them as soon as he walked in. Mike partially guided and partially pushed Brittany back to the couch as they kissed wildly, where he then gently shoved her down onto it. She had never been so handled so magnificently, never used by a man -- a real man -- who clearly had so much confidence and skill to fuck her properly. Her pussy felt like it was on fire and thought she might already cum, even though they had as of yet only kissed.

She was seated on the couch in a controlled fall, Mike then kneeling in front of her. The pair continued to kiss with a frenzied passion, each enthralled by their own fantasy, each finding in the other the answer to something desperately needed. Mike pulled off Brittany's sweatshirt and undid her beige bra, revealing her large, soft breasts. He immediately began to massage and knead them, gently pinching and rolling the nipples in his fingers as he did so, as he slowly began to kiss and nibble his way down Brittany's neck and towards her tits. Brittany now knew she was close to cumming, so amazed was she at the touch of a true man with actual skill. She squeezed Mike's head to her chest and ran her fingers through his thick black hair, trying to get him as close to her -- indeed, inside of her -- as possible. 

Mike furiously licked his way down to her breasts, finally arriving at her nipples. As he gently licked and sucked on first one thick pink nipple and then the next, he pulled off his shirt, and then stood to pull off his pants as well. He revealed to Brittany his almost perfectly developed body and his thick, deeply curved cock. Kneeling back in front of her, Mike licked her nipples gently like a kid eating a lollipop, and then sucked the entirety of it into his mouth, finally pulling on it with his teeth with just enough force to send shivers through her body yet gently enough not to hurt her sensitive flesh. At the same time, Mike continued to squeeze and massage Brittany's ample tits. The feeling was so amazing, so extraordinary, so like nothing she had ever experienced before, that Brittany did finally orgasm just from her having her breasts stimulated, making a delicious mess in her already soaked panties.

Mike now roughly pulled off her jeans and wet panties, spreading her legs wide to reveal a deliciously wet and glistening pink pussy before him. As much as Mike enjoyed the physical sensations of kissing and licking this beautiful woman, he found himself most turned on by the thought that his boss could walk in at any moment and see him fucking a potential customer. Every time the cold wind blew along his balls, Mike was reminded how deliciously exposed he was. Aroused now almost to the point of exploding, Mike pounced on this lovely pussy before him like he was attacking it with his mouth rather than merely licking it.

Brittany sucked in her breath harshly at the first thrilling touch of Mike's tongue to her pussy, already feeling her next orgasm build. She felt so alive, so wonderfully satisfied by having a man touch her in all the right ways and with such wanton connection to his own lust. She grabbed his hair hard and pushed his face tighter and tighter into her pussy, trying somehow to make him become one with her. The feel of his talented tongue licking all along her pussy lips was more than she could have imagined possible, but it became even better when Mike started to suck on her clit and use his finger to stimulate her G-spot. Again pressing his head into her, she could feel the suction on her clit grow and grow until she once again enjoyed a thunderous orgasm.

Mike's cock was now aching for some attention. He now stood in front of Brittany, his cock perfectly poised to enter her mouth. She looked hungrily at the delicious treat before her, and then up into his eyes as she stroked it with both hands; as she did, Mike grabbed her long auburn hair and pulled her head towards him, sliding his cock into her mouth as she guided it in. Remaining like that, Brittany stayed still and instead let Mike use her as a device with which to suck his cock. She loved the fact that he was using her so deftly, twisting her to his will so aptly; he loved the fact that he stood before this open door, knowing anyone at any time could see them there as this lovely woman sucked his engorged cock. Mike felt so exposed, so bared, so vulnerable, and was wildly excited by having that sense of tender openness.

But for as much as Mike loved a good blow job, he had something else in mind entirely. He loved the risk that he took by being so bold, but he wanted to do something even more outrageous that, if caught, would only add to the delightful sense of the forbidden. Mike pulled out of Brittany, practically lifted her as he pulled her off the couch, turned her around and bent her over. Her gorgeous curved ass arced deliciously into the air, and Mike gently placed his spit-slicked cock against the puckered rim of her asshole. 

As soon as Brittany felt the tip of his cock gently nudge its way into her ass, she felt a chill race along her body and let out a long, happy moan. She shuddered with delight as his cock slowly, slowly, slowly forced its way deeper and deeper into her ass, making her feel fuller and more complete than ever before. Brittany never knew there could be such pleasure associated with sex and had never felt so filled by her husband, and let loose yet another riotous orgasm before Mike's cock was fully engulfed by her ass.

Mike loved the tight, cloying feel of her ass as it slowly expanded and then clamped around his cock again. Once he hit bottom, Mike stopped for a moment, then began to pump Brittany's ass slowly at first. Grabbing her hips, he now remained still and guided her back slowly onto the full depth of his cock, spearing her ass with it, and then pushed her gently away. He stood still, again using her like a tool of his own satisfaction, a fact that turned Brittany on exceedingly.

Mike continued to move Brittany back and forth along his cock, almost as if her ass and her entire body were just extensions of his own masturbatory action, as if she only was there to serve his sexual needs. But as the swelling need with him to cum grew larger and larger and as his balls grew tighter, Mike began to slowly increase the speed with which he fucked Brittany's ass. His pendulous balls had at first flew forward with each thrust and gently slapped her pussy, but they now began to prepare a massive squirt. Mike's tempo increased continually until he was at last fucking her like a beast, ramming his thick cock into her ass with all his considerable force.

Brittany made a constant yet delighted whimpering sound, overcome with such raw sexual pleasure. She never felt so full, so perfectly contented. The feeling of having this deliciously thick hard cock in her ass was intoxicating, now made only more so by the way in which Mike slammed it into her roughly. Her ass felt like it was on fire, but it was a fire of pleasure and perfectly debauched bliss. Brittany could actually feel Mike's cock swell within her as he approached orgasm, and knew she was soon to get a creamy treat. 

Mike threw his head back and wailed an unearthly shriek as the first squirt of thick, creamy cum shot into Brittany's ass, followed by another and another. He kept pumping furiously, so that her ass was soon filled with cum that was slowly oozing out and down along her pussy. Mike finally stopped cumming, then playfully smacked Brittany's ass with the wonderfully contented joy that comes from finally fulfilling a deep-seated fantasy...

Some miles down the snowy road, Walker smiles devilishly to himself because he knows what these two just accomplished and can feel the burning heat of their passion. As he walked further into the small city, Walker passed an insurance office in which only two employees made it to work that day.

Michelle stood at the large window of the office, looking out at the city as the snow slowly buried it. She sometimes wished she didn't live close enough to work that she could walk to the office, but at least her day had been quiet. This, she knew, would not be the case tomorrow as the claims and calls from all of today's accidents stated pouring in, but at least today it was just her and Cal, the branch manager.

As she stood there watching the snow gently fall to the ground, Michelle couldn't help but have her mind return to the same thought: Her deep desire to be spanked, to be viciously punished, and for it to be done in the hardest way possible. Although she had never been overly attracted to Cal, being the only one with him at work today brought back memories of a vicious spanking she received one time while at the all-girl's middle school she attended. Although the principal -- a Mr. Scott, if she recalled correctly -- did not intend her punishment for being caught with "perverted" magazines to be a sexual experience, it certainly had been for Michelle. 

Mr. Scott had asked her teachers to leave his office, and then explained what her punishment was to be. He seemed so powerful, so in control, so manly as he dictated to her what her own punishment was to be. Michelle had felt small and alone when it was just Mr. Scott and her in his office, yet also wonderfully protected as well. As he leaned her across his knee and his large, strong hand cracked against her taut little ass, Michelle realized the more it stung the wetter her pussy became. Although he had only smacked her perhaps five times, Michelle felt like her pussy would soon explode; as soon as she could she slipped away to the bathroom to feverishly massage her clit to orgasm. 

Which is why, despite the fact that she had never really been attracted to Cal before, her mind had been on that first delicious spanking she received and now dreamed of getting another, far more intense and painful one than ever before. Her mind always turned to these thoughts when she was alone with a man in a position of authority, but had yet to ever act upon them. As she stood there at the window, watching a lone man in black denim make his way through this storm, Michelle suddenly felt overwhelmed with lust and the need to have her ass punished unmercifully.

At that exact moment in the office behind her, Cal, a serious business man with a mind usually only given towards profit generation and liability protection, suddenly found himself completely unable to follow the course of the conversation he was having with an investor on the phone. As the man's voice turned into an inarticulate buzz in Cal's ear, his thoughts were suddenly and wholly given over towards recollections of what had been a long repressed fantasy: To hurt, to punish, to cause extreme pain on a submissive lover who would only beg him for more.

Cal had never known why he wanted to hurt others, why he was so turned on by the thought of inflicting pain and humiliation on others, why the thought of a woman's cry of painful pleasure made him so ravenously horny. All he knew was that he desperately wanted to indulge in this desire, yet his strong desire to succeed in business made him wary of engaging in such activities should his proclivities ever be discovered. So, rather than channel that energy elsewhere, rather than try to moderate it or mitigate it to some degree, rather than give into it in a safe environment, Cal chose instead to stuff it entirely and focus on his career, thereby making himself dour, serious, and sexless as a monk.

But today he suddenly found himself being ravaged by thoughts and images he had thought were locked in a tiny box in the deepest recesses of his mind. Flooded by these graphic images and deliciously twisted thoughts, Cal abruptly excused himself from the investor's call and used the intercom to call for Micelle, saying he needed her in his office immediately.

As he did, something told Michelle in exactly what manner and for what purpose Cal needed her.

She walked into his office, eyes downcast. She gloried in the sense of having been naughty, having done something horribly wrong and needed to be punished for it. She thought for a moment that perhaps she should apologize for what she had done, but glancing at Cal as he slowly slid the belt out from his pants and unbuttoned his shirt told her she had best stay quiet. 

Cal glared at Michelle with utter contempt, the way one might a bug just before crushing it. He had never had any animosity towards this office worker, had in fact always liked her, but right now he only wanted to punish her, cause her pain, humiliate and hurt her all he could. Cal knew his options were limited here in his office, so he would have to rely on the old stand by and spank her ass raw.

Michelle stood before Cal, eyes downcast, hands clasped before her, looking very much like a contrite Catholic about to make confession. She suddenly felt so excited, so sexually charged, Michelle realized as she stood there that she was trembling slightly in anticipation of the spanking she hoped she would get. Cal stood close to her for a moment and could actually see her shaking; he hoped it was in fear of the beating she knew was coming. Cal grabbed her roughly and spun her around, shoving her down over his desk so that he ass was bent over the edge. He pulled up her short skirt brutishly, and then literally ripped her skimpy panties off her until her soft sweet ass was exposed. 
