 Walker slowly approached town. 

He walked in his steady gait down the country road leading to town, still several miles out. His black cowboy boots made an audible click off the pavement with every step he took, echoing slightly in the thick woods the road cut through. He looked as he always did: Black jeans, black shirt, and black denim jacket carried over his shoulder. For as long as he has walked the roads of this world, Walker has always looked much the same.

And as always happens when Walker is around, people begin to act strangely.

As Walker strode towards town he passed Vivian, whose car had broken down on the side of the road. She sat in the driver's seat, turned so her feet rested on the road, her head supported by her hands. Vivian was both angry and depressed because her cell phone couldn't find a tower in this spot and she had been waiting for hours for someone to come by to help her. She had missed her college cheerleading photos that day because of her car, so there she sat, looking like the unhappiest cheerleader ever.

Yet as Walker passed, her unhappy thoughts suddenly turned decidedly erotic; in fact, they became quite graphically sexual, and she felt a sudden chill race through her body as her clit grew fat, her nipples hardened, and her pussy became wet. Vivian suddenly saw the most deliciously decadent images in her head, images of her being taken by the entire football team, images of her fucking her two hottest professors, images of her being taken rough, hard, treated like the whore she was. Vivian's greatest fantasy, her secret perversion, was to be used as a sexual object, to be taken by force and made to serve a man's -- or several men's -- sexual needs. She desperately wanted to be willingly raped, but had never known how to broach the subject with her many boyfriends.

At just that moment two young men from town pulled up in their motorcycles. Both Jimmy and Paul were decent young men; they had graduated high school together, worked for the same landscaping crew together, and spent much of their free time together. They were honest, hard-working young men trying to find a spot in the world, and had only been thinking of helping a distressed motorist when they had pulled off the side of the road and stopped in front of Vivian. But as they passed Walker, their thoughts changed drastically.

Paul suddenly saw images of his most ardent desire, that to humiliate and dominate a woman, making his cock grow thick and hard in an instant. He had always wanted to be in absolute command in the bed room, to take complete control, to be the Dom he knew he already was on this inside. His most heart-felt wish was to be the Master to a sex slave, a woman he keeps on hand only to service his numerous sexual needs. He had awkwardly discussed the subject with his wife, but his wishes were quickly and quite thoroughly shot down, and so he had desired silently and desperately since then.

Jimmy, meanwhile, had always wanted to be in threesome with his best friend Paul, and it was images of this that now made his long cock become hard like steel. Jimmy was heterosexual, but he'd always had a secret desire for Paul and would love the opportunity to take another woman with him. Although he had no desire to touch, suck, or fuck Paul at all, the thought of watching his best friend's taunt, tanned body work sexual delight, of seeing Paul's muscles flex and squeeze beneath his dark skin, of watching the sweat trickle down his body, was a huge turn on to Jimmy. Paul, unfortunately, was married to utter Puritan who blanched at the mere thought of sex, so Jimmy had always known better to even mention it to him for fear of causing unwanted trouble.

But now, both men looked at Vivian and saw in her the answer to their fondest wishes, the final piece to their unfinished fantasy puzzles. Vivian looked back at the two well-built young men with wild desire in her eyes, feeling that they, too, were exactly what she had always been looking for. Without a word, almost as if knowing what the others thought, wanted, and would do, the three started to walk deeper into the humid woods, peeling off clothes as they did. The trio left a trail of cheerleading and motorcycle clothing leading deeper and deeper into the woods as they did so, until they finally came to a small clearing, now all completely naked. 

They stopped there a moment, to gaze lustfully at each other's naked bodies -- Jimmy looking at Paul as much as he looked at Vivian. She was as pale as the men were tanned, her long strawberry blonde hair now freed from her cheer pony tail and tumbling down across her shoulders. Her breasts were large and firm, her nipples hard and almost aching to be sucked. She was thin and well toned, and her pussy entirely shaved, save for a thin strip of blonde hair in the middle. The men were both darkly tanned and muscular from so many hours spent landscaping, their bodies hard, chiseled examples of male perfection. The two appeared similar, with clean-shaved faces and thick, wavy hair; the only difference being that Paul's hair was dark whereas Jimmy's was blondish. It was really only in their cocks that the friends really appeared different: Paul's cock was of average length but uncommonly thick, whereas Jimmy's was both exceedingly long and thick.

Paul was the first to move after the brief interlude to enjoy each other's nude images. He quickly strode forward to Vivian, grabbed her long hair in his fist and pulled hard, snapping her head back as he did so. She let out a surprised but ecstatic yelp, and looked into his dark eyes for a moment before he kissed her passionately, roughly. With his free hand, Paul massaged Vivian's perfect breasts, not with the tender touch of a lover but rather with a rough and desperate grope, the way a man does when he uses a woman strictly for his own pleasure. He pinched and pulled on her erect nipples hard, making her gasp from the pleasurable pain; he even slapped her face and tits hard a few times, telling Vivian what a dirty whore she was the whole time he did so. 

This was exactly what she had always wanted, always needed. To be used, to be desired, to be forced to comply. Her pussy now grew so wet she felt a trickle of pussy juice slide slowly down her leg. As for Paul, he at last felt in control, totally dominant, and this woman was his to use as he wished -- and at the moment, he wished to use her to fuck himself and his friend.

As Paul was kissing Vivian roughly, Jimmy had walked behind her and was now kissing and nibbling her ass as he also roughly rubbed her clit. From this position he was easily able to watch Paul take control of this woman, something he found amazingly sexy. He would smack her ass hard from time to time based upon Paul's actions, which she seemed to enjoy. Jimmy pulled her ass cheeks apart and gently began to flick her asshole with his tongue, all the while drinking in the image of his best friend using this woman. Tired of kissing and needing something more gratifying, and seeing his friend's actions, Paul now twisted Vivian's hair even more tightly in his fist and pulled her head to his hard cock, and ordered her to suck it. Vivian happily complied, forgoing any playful teasing and rather sucking in the whole length of Paul's cock deep into her mouth. As soon as she sucked it deep into her mouth, Paul grabbed her head with both hands and began to forcefully face fuck Vivian. From this position Jimmy was easily able to lick her ass even as he still rubbed her clit, and the combined sensations of having her throat so viciously fucked, her clit rubbed and her ass licked -- as well as having her fantasy fulfilled -- made her orgasm with a shudder and a shiver.

Paul was harshly slamming his cock into Vivian's face, loving the sense of dominating and controlling her; Jimmy was having trouble seeing his friend and knew Paul's body would be like poetry in motion as he face fucked Vivian, so he now stood and shoved his long cock deep into her lick-lubed asshole. Vivian didn't expect this hole to be plugged, especially by a cock so long and so very hard, and so she let out a shriek of surprise, pain, and pleasure as Jimmy did so. Paul grabbed her face roughly, and ordered her to take his friend's big cock with no complaint. Jimmy, meanwhile, now thrust his cock as hard and rough into Vivian's ass as Paul was into her throat. The two men slammed their cocks into her with all the force their muscular bodies could create, timing their thrusts to compliment each other's and to meet in the middle. 

Each member of the trio was in fantastic sexual delight, having their most ardent and deep-seated wishes fulfilled. Vivian was unable to resist the sexual satisfaction, and came numerous times from the rough fucking she was getting from these well-built men. Paul loved the sense of humiliating and dominating this woman, while Jimmy grew only more excited as he watched his friend take complete control of her. Each man grew more aroused as their fantasies were fulfilled, making them fuck all the harder, which in turn fed into Vivian's own fantasy.

As the men grew closer and closer to cumming, Paul now ordered Vivian to turn around so each could have a chance to fuck her ass. He also ordered her to suck his friend's cock even though it had just been deep in her ass, which she also did happily. The men slipped their cocks into her at almost the same moment, making her gasp in thrilled delight and having another hard orgasm. Vivian loved the humiliation and degradation of sucking a man's cock that had just been in her ass and further loved that this particular gigantic cock made her gag with every forceful thrust. The pair resumed their frenetic pace once again, each fucking her with as much force as they could muster.

They maintained this pace for as long as they could, but unable to stand the pleasure any longer they both came within seconds of each other, Jimmy holding his cock deep in Vivian's throat to shoot his massive load of cum straight down it, while Paul continued to fuck her wildly as he came, filling her ass with his hot cum.

The three were indeed well satisfied...and as Walker strode now into town itself, he sniffed the humid summer air and smirked to himself, knowing that three more sexual fantasies had been fulfilled, three more needs met.

As he walked into town, Walker passed the office of Dr. McNair, the avuncular medical professional to a large portion of this small community. Dr. McNair had worked here in private practice for nearly 30 years, and was now seeing pediatric patients of people he had seen while they were themselves children. McNair was a giant within this small community and had the physical stature to match his reputation: He stood over six feet tall, had the perfectly aged face of a distinguished rather than merely old man, and a thick mane of silvery salt-and-pepper hair. He had treated people for literally their whole lives, always providing nothing but the most compassionate, loving, and professional care he possibly could.

Yet now he couldn't help but feel overwhelmed with images of his most cherished yet perverted sexual fantasy: To fuck one of his own patients.

McNair had always prided himself on his professional detachment, his medical view of the human body as primarily a wondrous machine that needed constant upkeep and occasional repairs. He had seen more than half the town naked by this point in his career, and had viewed gorgeous hard bodies, flabby obese bodies, elderly wrinkled ones, and even filthy unwashed ones. Yet through all of it, McNair was able to look at the body presented before him for his medical attention as just a body, a machine, essentially a cadaver waiting to happen.

But not today. Not with the body before him now. His patient was Jennifer, a patient he had been treating since she was a little girl who was now a healthy, well built 28-year-old teacher here for her yearly physical. Raven-haired and buxom, McNair was struggling with the desire to ravage Jennifer as she lay before him, clad in only a thin medical dressing gown, legs spread wide as she awaited her internal exam.

What McNair didn't know was that the glistening wetness now covering Jennifer's soft pink pussy lips was being caused by the sudden, unexpected need for McNair to fuck her as she had never been fucked before. Jennifer's father had died when she was a young girl and she had always grieved the absence of a strong, older man in her life. Since she first became sexually aware Jennifer had always been attracted to older men, and her greatest fantasy was to be fucked by such a man, a man who would claim her as his own little girl and to be her sex Daddy for all time. However, growing up and living in such a small town, as well as being an elementary school teacher, did not lend itself well to finding such a gentleman, and so Jennifer had largely abandoned such wishes as foolish -- until now.

McNair sat on his doctor's stool, staring with growing desire at Jennifer's perfect pink pussy, the wetness making it appear to almost shimmer in the light. He licked his lips like a hungry animal, his already hard cock growing even larger as he now smelled her musky odor. He sat there fighting with himself, sexual urge struggling with professional ethics, as Jennifer gave into her own desire and began to slowly grind her hips in order to self-stimulate. She moaned softly, finding her throbbing clit too much to ignore anymore as she slipped her hands down to her pussy; with one hand she rubbed her clit aggressively while with the other she began fucking her wet pussy. McNair found this simply too much, and jettisoned professional ethics as he pulled away her hands, leaned into her pussy, and licked.

On his stool McNair was perfectly positioned to eat Jennifer's pussy, which he did with absolute delight. As soon as his tongue gave her pussy lips a long, deep lick, Jennifer sucked her breath in suddenly and let in out in a long, happy moan. McNair never recalled tasting such a delicious pussy, and licked the lips of her pussy slowly and sensually, like someone luxuriating over a particularly tasty ice cream cone. He placed his tongue at the bottom of her pussy, slowly slid his tongue upwards along Jennifer's pussy lips, then gave her clit a final flick as he reached the top; along the way he allowed his tongue to slip in deeply into her pussy, thereby teasing her internally was well.

McNair had always enjoyed eating a woman's pussy and he now felt like he was in cunnilingus heaven. Jennifer's sable pussy hair was well trimmed, her clit hard and fat, and her pussy lips soft pink. McNair licked the lips happily for quite a while, slowly teasing Jennifer towards an awesome orgasm but not quite allowing her to get there. He then suddenly changed maneuvers, sucking hard on her clit while he slid one finger deep inside her pussy, alternating between giving her a deep finger fuck and twisting it around to stimulate her G-spot. McNair did not need to wait long before Jennifer exploded into an ecstatic orgasm howling in wild pleasure. McNair continued to lick her for several more minutes, giving her a string of almost unbroken orgasms and turning Jennifer into a deeply satisfied, sexually exhausted rag doll.

He now stood at last and quickly stripped off all his clothing, revealing to Jennifer his rock-hard cock. He leaned into her and literally ripped the dressing down the middle, exposing her very large and round breasts to his view; he stood for a moment, taking in the image of her lying naked on his examining table, begging him to fuck her. Leaning forward, McNair sucked first one then the other nipple before finally grabbing her hips and pulling her ass off the edge of the table so he could slide his cock into her. Jennifer was reveling in the Daddy fuck she was finally receiving; she felt loved and cared for like no man had ever been able to before, feeling protected by her Daddy's very touch.

Having positioned her on the table so he was able to fuck her, McNair rubbed the head of his cock against her wet pussy lips for a moment, and then slowly slid his cock into her tight wet pussy. Jennifer shuddered happily from the chill that raced along her spine when McNair's cock reached into the very depths of her pussy, and she again never felt as complete as she did then being fucked by Daddy. Jennifer moaned, feeling yet another orgasm building; McNair, meanwhile, was able to use all of this strength from his standing position to ram his cock deeply into Jennifer, and did so now with increasing speed and intensity. He wrapped his arms around her up held legs closely, holding her legs to him tightly, making her feel safe and warm. 

McNair slowed down to prevent cumming before he wanted, and took to opportunity to lean forward to suck and lick Jennifer's huge breasts. When he felt the moment had passed, McNair decided he needed to look at Jennifer's sweet ass as he fucked her, so ne now rolled her over and bent her down onto the table, taking her pussy from behind. Standing behind her and being able to literally lean all of his weight into her, McNair was able to bury his cock deep inside Jennifer's pussy, filling her up in a way she had never felt before. He was amazed by the sight of her perfectly toned ass, and couldn't resist the temptation to smack it hard as he fucked her. Jennifer liked this as well, knowing that she had been a very naughty girl and needed Daddy to punish her even as he fucked her. 

McNair's pumping became harder and harder, his cock swelling as he felt the cum begin to build deep within him. Jennifer meekly asked for Daddy to cum all over her tits, and McNair certainly saw no reason to not comply with such a simple request. At the very last moment he pulled his cock out of Jennifer's pussy as she whirled around and knelt down, just in a time to catch the first thick, white threads of cum as they shot out of his cock. McNair had not had sex in a long time, and had never had such deliciously forbidden and satisfying sex, so this orgasm was like an explosion of cum, one that simply didn't want to end. Ribbon after ribbon of hot cum squirted out of his cock, landing all over Jennifer's tits, painting her chest in cum. After he had finally finished cumming, Jennifer scooped up as much as she could with her fingers and sucked McNair's cum into her mouth, rubbing the remnants onto her tits...

And Walker walked on, taking a convoluted course through town that brought him now into the more residential part of town. There he took a small back alley, one that separated the back lawns of Jordan's and Marissa's property. It was a scorching hot, humid day, and Marissa had been lounging in her bikini poolside all day, working on her already impressive tan. She did this most Saturdays as her work-addicted and status-conscious husband sequestered himself in his office to work on yet more legal briefs, arguments, and other pending cases. She couldn't remember the last time they had enjoyed a weekend together, and knew it had even been longer since his hands roamed over her trim body lustfully as they once did; she would now spend as much time as possible out by her pool, dreaming of getting fucked by some man in her own house while her husband toiled away in his office.

These were her typical thoughts as she lay there by the pool on any given Saturday. Today, however, these thoughts suddenly seemed to be well-nigh overpowering. The combined effects of her naughty images, the sensation of the sun beating down on her sweat-slicked skin, and touching her hot skin every time she applied more sun tan lotion had worked Marissa into a sexual frenzy that needed satisfaction.

Jordan, meanwhile, had long gazed at Marissa while she sun bathed. He could count on her being there by her pool almost every Saturday, just lounging in her very skimpy bikini, looking utterly delicious. Despite that fact that he had lived there for over 3 years, Jordan had never spoken to Marissa, didn't even know her name, and knew nothing about her at all other that she sun bathed by her pool once a week. Jordan had adopted the habit of finding yard work to do on Saturdays so he could stare lustfully at her luscious body; he would then go back inside his house and masturbate to thoughts of his greatest fantasy, that of having a completely anonymous fuck with a woman he didn't know at all.
