 This is an original work by Zeb_Carter and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.Com and any submission to any other site has not been authorized by the Author.

*****

I was walking my dog slowly down the street on a calm winter evening just after the New Year. I remember because the weather was exceptionally nice. The night was clear and the air was cool, it was quiet, as we strolled along.

Suddenly...I was holding a rifle. Explosions were going off left and right. The sights of my rifle lined up on a soldier about thirty meters away. He was shooting in my general direction and bullets were whizzing past my head. In fright, I squeezed the trigger, the rifle kicked my shoulder, the soldiers head disappeared in a cloud of red haze. I shook my head to clear it of that image.

Standing up I rushed forward ten meters and flopped down on the ground behind a log. It was as if I did not have control of my body. Looking around, the men on either side of me were doing the same. Looking out over the landscape in front of me, I picked out an enemy target and lined him up in my sights. My finger squeezed the trigger. The enemy soldier fell, blood spurting, in an arc from his neck.

I yelled in pain as an enemy bullet slammed into my leg. The force of the bullet flipped me onto my back. I was screaming up at the dark grey clouds above me. A medic was by my side in an instant. He applied pressure to my wound.

"You're gonna be fine buddy, just relax," he said as he pressed on my leg.

I stumbled as the dog pulled on the lead. I shook my head to clear it of the daze. I looked around and saw I was back. Where I had went, I do not know. The dog tugged on her leash again. I took a step forward, then another and another. I stayed, the dog walking ahead of me.

As we walked, I thought about what I had done and where I had went. What I had done was not that amazing to me. I had been a warrior in the past and the two people I had killed were, I assume, enemy combatants, they were, had been, trying to kill me or those on my side of the conflict. 

I was lying in a hospital bed. I could see several IV bottles with clear plastic tubes running down to my left arm. There were nurses and doctors hustling this way and that, yelling orders or words of encouragement to each other. My vision was fuzzy and I had a headache. Suddenly there was a nurse by my side.

"Just relax soldier you're going to be fine," she said as she grabbed my wrist to take my pulse.

"Do I know you Ma'am?" I asked. She looked like someone I knew. She was short of stature, thin in a healthy way, long dark, curly hair pulled back to keep it out of her face. Her brown eyes set her pretty face off. When she smiled, my heart melted.

"I don't think so soldier. Now you just relax and I'll be back in a short while."

She turned and walked across the room to check on another patient. 

The dog pulling on the lead again jerked my arm. I was short of breath and my knees were weak. I squatted down where I was to think and clear my mind. Jaz, my dog, came over and started to lick my face. She must have sensed something was wrong.

Rising slowly, I started for home. Jaz followed, not bothering to stop and sniff at almost everything as she usually does. She could tell I was anxious and wanted to get home as quick as possible.

We were home and I disconnected the lead from her collar. She went running off to other parts of the house. I turned...I was lying in bed looking up at the ceiling. It was quiet. A soft glow was coming from the doorway to my room.

As I watched, a shadow filled the door. She walked in slowly and quietly. She came over to my bed and gently took my wrist in her hand. She smiled down at me when she realized I was awake. Once she finished taking my pulse, she wrapped a blood pressure cuff around my upper arm.

I carefully watched her face as she watched the gauge on the cuff and listened to my blood flow through my arm. She was so familiar. Then she looked at me as she took the cuff off. Bam, I knew where I knew her from.

"Doctor Bajek?" Her eyes widened at my query. "Doctor Susan Bajek?" Her mouth opened in amazement.

"I don't know you soldier," she stated flatly.

"I know you, Susan. You are my doctor."

"I'm not a doctor...yet, and it's Captain Bajek, sergeant. Now keep your voice down or you'll wake the others. I'll be back in a minute, now keep quiet."

"No..." was all I could say, before she turned and went across the room to check on the other patients.

I rose up on my elbow and watched her afraid if I lost sight of her either she or I would be gone. She checked the other three soldiers in the room, all of whom were asleep. She then came back just as she said she would.

"How do you know my name...Sergeant? And why do you think I'm a doctor?"

"I know you in another life. A life where there is no war, where you have become a Doctor, where you care for me and my family, where you are married and have several children."

"Good lord, what kind of nonsense are you talking about soldier?"

"It's not nonsense. It's the truth. In another life, you are my doctor. What year is it here?"

"Year? It's nineteen-forty-two."

"Nineteen-forty-two? In my other life it's two-thousand-nine."

"Two-thousand-nine? Now I know you're a section eight soldier."

"No, no, I'm quite sane, I assure you. Quite sane."

"What's your name in two-thousand and nine?"

"John Abernathy. Why, what's my name here?"

"Let's see," Nurse Susan replied, picking up his chart, "Sergeant William Jennings, do you know him?"

"No, name doesn't ring a bell. However, like I said I have been transported or something to here and now in his body or not. Why? I don't have the slightest. But your name is Susan M. Bajek isn't it?" 

"Yes and I would still like to know how you know that?"

"I told you. In my time, you are my doctor. Do you know a John Abernathy?"

"No. And what do you do in your time Mister Abernathy?"

"Among other things I program computers. But I also study Time Dilation Theory."

"I'm not even going to ask what you're talking about. Now go to sleep, I have a lot to do before the end of my shift." 

I plopped back onto his bed as Susan left the ward. I lay there a long time, deep in thought before I finally fell asleep.

 * * * * * * * *