 I'm such an idiot, forgetting to run a chapter through spell-check, as was the case with the first chapter of this story. I'm good with my spell-check, and the only explanation I can offer is that I was working on several projects at the same time, and I spell-checked the others and must have thought that I also did this one. So my apologies to anyone who read the first chapter soon after it was posted. I have since re-uploaded it after running it through spell-check, and promise to be much more diligent about it in the future! :P I hope y'all enjoy this chapter.

o0o

Naija shifted around on the couch with her tablet, feeling horny. Earlier today, she'd taken a nice, long walk with Marcus, and he'd treated them to coffee and pastries at a Starbucks a couple of miles away. It'd been invigorating, but now she was more aroused than the night before. She'd masturbated several times, eventually using porn as aid. Watching the cocks get crammed into pussies made her think of Marcus, and she imagined herself and him in place of the people she saw in the videos.

It was almost ridiculous how horny she'd become, and she'd have been more concerned if it wasn't for Marcus's warning about certain bodily responses to changes effected by the serum. At least my lady parts are working, she mused with a small smile. Among other things, she added. It was nice to have the health and energy to enjoy something that so many people took for granted. But when you were terminally ill, sometimes taking care of yourself, even for something as seemingly simple as masturbation, could be daunting when one only had so much pep to muster.

"I guess that walk took more out of me than I thought it did," Naija commented cheerfully as she rose from the couch. "I'll take a nap now, and be down in time for dinner."

"Sure, sounds good to me." He glanced at her with a friendly smile before returning his attention to the laptop, and she retreated from the room.

Although she'd been living in Marcus's bedroom for a week now, she'd done her best to keep the chamber to his standards of neatness. It was his room, after all, so she kept her things in her bag or tucked in the drawers of the nightstand he'd offered for her use. As she thought about the porn she'd be watching, she wished she had the use of something other than her hand. But she wasn't going to ask Marcus to drive her to her apartment or the adult store.

Just a couple of days, she told herself. Besides, compared to how she'd been before, she couldn't complain. She would be patient and respectful to him. She leaned down to pull the drawer open, expecting to find her tablet and toiletries, along with half a bag of oyster crackers she'd occasionally snacked from. Now a box sat amidst her contents, not much smaller than a shoebox.

There could only have been one person who put it there, and she pulled it out, wondering at its contents. When she lifted the lid, she was met with the sight of two things that made her wonder for a moment if Marcus had read her mind. Still within their plastic clam-shell packages was a dark purple dildo, and a blue vibrator that could be plugged into the wall with a cord instead of requiring batteries. There was a note in Marcus's small, neat handwriting.

-I remember very well what it was like at this stage in treatment. I hope this helps. Don't feel afraid to ask for anything else.

Well, damn. She blushed a little, imagining what it might have felt for him to shop for her, and leaving these items for her. The dildo was almost eight inches in length, and the vibrator was nearly the same size. The dildo was firm but flexible silicon, while the vibrator was shiny and smooth like a bullet.

She might have been too embarrassed to ask Marcus to drive her to her place for her toys, and he'd gone out and bought her new ones! Well, she wouldn't waste this opportunity.

She cracked them both from the plastic, and inspected them further before deciding on the dildo first. After removing her pajama bottoms, she leaned back against the pillows and slid the dildo along her inner thighs, closing her eyes as she felt the toy take on some warmth from her skin.

The toy moved to her outer lips, which were already seeping moisture. It did not take much effort to slide the head past, and she let out a slow sigh at the burgeoning fullness as she continued to push the dildo forward.

o0o

When she'd claimed to need a nap, Marcus had not missed the rosy blush in her cheeks, and after several minutes, went upstairs, padding silently until he came to a stop, hearing the distinct crack of plastic being forced open. Listening to her the night before had been a guilty pleasure. He knew that listening to someone was wrong, hell, there were laws against voyeurism. Yet, the sounds she'd made had given him more pleasure than the porn he'd watched.

He'd changed into more comfortable clothing after their excursion today, and was clad in a pair of comfortable black sweatpants, which now sported the beginning of a tent. Reaching inside his pants, he started stroking himself slowly, massaging along the length with his thumb as he imagined what she would be doing with the toy. A sigh of pleasure met his ears, and he bit back a groan.

Was he going to limit himself to this? Jacking off while he listened to his crush masturbate? With determination, he reached out and quietly turned the knob.

The shades were drawn, casting the bedroom in afternoon shadow. He could see most of her, up to her shoulder, but her head remained cut off by the door. With the greatest of care, he shifted several centimeters to the left, now able to see most of her face as well as other parts.

Dusky thighs gave way to dark curls, and a brightly-colored toy sliding inside and out. Her toes curled against the sheets, and her muddle finger worked against her clit as a moan burst from her lips. He stared at the toy she was manipulating, imagining his own cock in its place, sliding within her heated depths.

She started to thrust the toy more deeply, gasping softly and arching as she did so, stopping to grind the phallus within her at times, slamming her palm against the base of the toy. She gritted her teeth as she started to wiggle and pump it within herself harder and faster, squirming around as she furiously rubbed her clit. He picked up the scent of her arousal, and felt himself hardening even further.

Fuck, yes, he mused as he stared at her. He reached down to fondle himself through the cotton, staring as her breaths became sharper, her breasts jiggling a bit as she did so.

He bit back a moan as he fondled himself more aggressively, imagining the things he could do to her. Sweat beaded on his forehead as the confines of his sweatpants felt all too restrictive. His heart raced as he took note of the signs of her impeding orgasm. A sharp, keening sound burst from Naija's throat for a moment before she slumped back on the bed, still panting and squirming as she continued her ministrations. He imagined her slim but strong hand around his cock, pumping him at that same furious pace with which she was pleasuring herself.

That's it, cum for me, he mouthed silently as he rubbed his hand firmly along his length. He longed to see her cum, to hear her moan, and to watch her legs quiver in her climax. While he'd much rather be the cause of it, this was incredible all the same.

Finally, she orgasmed, and Marcus flinched in shock when she hissed out his name. She continued to pump the toy, moaning as she rubbed her clit with her free hand. her legs quivering as she lay there, panting slowly, collecting herself as she continued to pump the dildo slowly, enjoying its pleasurable aftershocks.

Slowing his hand, he took the time to admire her in her post-orgasm bliss. He smiled, shifting his wrist around, ever aware of the mad throbbing within his pants. She was beautiful, sexy... oh, how he wanted to be in there.

He stood in the semidarkness as she slowly pulled the dildo out, its surface glistening with her juices, and she set the toy aside on the sheet. She rolled over onto her side, and gasped as she faced the door. He tried to retreat, but he heard her snap his name.

He lingered in the hallway for a moment, unsure of exactly what to do. His cock was telling him one thing, his brain wasn't so sure. Finally, he stepped forward, folding his hands in front of himself, trying to look casual while covering up his erection.

They stared at one another for several moments as she pulled herself up to sitting. Would she demand he leave, or threaten to take him to the law, or...

"So. Um. I take it you enjoyed the show?" she asked casually. He blinked before nodding.

"That is quite the understatement there," he decided to reply just as calmly. She didn't seem angry, that was a good thing, right?

She smirked faintly. Feeling bold now, he approached, and she made no move to stop him. She nodded and patted the bed, and he lowered himself onto it, now mere inches away from her leg.

"You know, you can put your hands down. It's not as if I don't know what's there." She paused. "I've heard of various drugs and treatments interfering with sex drive. But this was just.. wow."

He chuckled softly at that. "Been there, done that, trust me. It gets easier after a few days, but you still will have a pretty healthy sex drive."

"That's not necessarily a bad thing." As she sat up, the hem of her sweatshirt shadowed her privates, but he still had a nice view of her thighs. He moved his hands, and her eyes moved down to his groin.

"It felt really nice to play with myself. Best sex I've had in a while, to be honest. Any kind of sex," she added with a small chuckle. "So thanks for the toys."

So far, so good, he thought. He'd been worried that her initial calm was the calm before a storm, but so far, she didn't seem to mind the fact that a guy was sitting next to her with a boner after watching her masturbate.

"Well..." he smiled, glancing down to the bed, "it wasn't entirely selfless. I mean, I was hoping for the chance to watch. Can you blame me? You're gorgeous, horny, and I'm not blind."

She gave out a small snort at that. "You really think I'm that hot? And that was quite the risk you took, you know."

"I honestly do," he chuckled, blushing slightly. "And I'm glad you're not storming out. I was worried that's what would happen if I got caught. This... is a nice surprise."

"I never took you to be a gambling man, Marcus. You've always been so... uptight and everything, I never thought you'd take such a risk. But then you took a pretty bold risk, testing that serum on yourself when any of a number of things could have gone horribly wrong. So..." She paused and glanced down at the bulge again.

"When it comes to science, sometimes you have to take big risks. There have been lots of experiments that could have caused awful things to happen. But they were done anyway." He followed her gaze down to his lap before shifting around, offering her a better view.

She lifted her hand, reaching over to him, raising her eyes to meet his for a moment before looking back down, grabbing the band of his sweatpants. With a firm tug, she pulled it down, freeing his erection from its confines, where it immediately stood to attention.

"Well, you're smart, handsome, and well-endowed. Why aren't you married?" she teased. "I'd wonder if you were gay, but gay men don't jack off to women masturbating," she said with a small smile.

"Is it too cliche to say I'm married to the job?" he asked with a soft chuckle, "That could be it. Or I just haven't found the right person."

"Given how crappy some of the marriages I've seen be, being married to your job is not necessarily the worst thing," she said with a small laugh. "Especially when you get such good results." She reached down to stroke him gently, running her nails along the side of his cock. His head lolled back as his cock twitched under her attentions. This was literally a dream come true, at least one of them.

"Mmm," he whispered, bracing himself against the sheets with one hand.

"You really have a very nice cock. Nicest one I've seen, in fact." Her caresses transitioned into firm stroking and pumping, and he hissed out her name. He opened his eyes to see her hand working up and down his cock with confident pumps, fingers squeezing around the part of him that ached for her. When he looked at her face, he saw her regard him with open lust.

Suddenly, she lowered her head, and he groaned as he felt lips wrap around him, her tongue swirling around the tip of his manhood.

Ah, fuck, YES, Marcus breathed as he rested his other hand on her back, tangling several locks of her hair around his fingers.

"Naija... damnit... yes," he hissed as her head started bobbing up and down. His hand moved to her head, and he wiggled his hips a bit, lost in the pleasure of a blowjob.

"If you keep that up, I'm going to..." he figured the least he could do was warn her, and his grip in her hair tightened as she started sucking harder, her hand now massaging his balls. "Fuck it, Naija."

A hum vibrated from the back of her throat, and his eyes rolled back in his head as he felt the pent-up tension release itself into her waiting mouth. He felt her stiffen for a moment, but her rhythm resumed as she rubbed her tongue along his crown, sucking up what he had to offer her. Their eyes met as she lifted her head, running her tongue along the side one last time.

"Mmm. You taste good."

At her compliment he grinned before reaching out and stroking her cheek.

"You're amazing," he whispered. "Now, how should I go about showing my gratitude...?"

She raised an eyebrow, looking at him with a grin. "Well now, I'm sure you'll be able to figure something out. How are you with that tongue of yours?"

"Why don't you lay down and let me show you?" he growled the words eagerly, pushing Naija onto her back. He moved fast, sliding down her body and quickly pushing his head between her legs. Slick from her previous orgasm, his fingers found easy admission within her, and she wiggled as he curled his fingers upward.

He sucked at her labia and clit, flicking the nub gently but swiftly with his tongue. His fingers went deep inside her, as he looked up, gauging her responses as he sought her most sensitive places.

"Mmm," he murmured against her. "So damn good. You don't need to warn me," he smiled. "Just cum all over my mouth."

"This is much more fun than that dildo. Not that I'm complaining about the dildo, mind you," she said with a giggle as she ran her fingers through his hair, as he pleasured her.

o0o

Naija arched and cried out as he explored her thoroughly, feeling his tongue and fingers prod and stroke her with increasing ease and skill as he familiarized herself with her. Like before, her breathing became sharper as she approached climax, and she arched off the bed and into his face, as he growled into her, working his tongue over her with gusto. She screamed his name as her thighs pressed around his face, and when he lifted his head after she was done, she gave him a deep, fierce kiss.

He returned the kiss in kind, climbing over her, his tongue dancing against hers and allowing her to taste of herself. He took hold of his cock, guiding it forward, teasing it against the lips of her pussy. He rubbed along them, a deep, rumbling moan rising in his throat. 

He felt her stiffen before she placed her hand on his chest, giving him a gentle but firm push. Breaking the kiss for air, he looked into her eyes.

"Much as I am enjoying this, I don't think we should rush things." After two orgasms, she was feeling a bit more calm and collected. "Not that I don't want to, but I think I need a little more time to get used to this, hmm? This is a little overwhelming and all." She lightly raked her nails along his bare stomach to reassure him that she still found him desirable.

He was silent before he nodded slowly. "Yeah. Something like this shouldn't be rushed. Besides, we'll be seeing more of each other," he said with a lighter tone. "After all, I'm still your doctor."

"If that treatment includes more dildos, I'm all for it," she shot back playfully as she let him pull back. She lay there on the bed, nothing on the lower half of her body, knowing she was quite the sight for him. He lay down beside her, running his fingertips softly and slowly over her exposed body.

"I think that's a distinct possibility. You know," he added, "we have to use the dildos. For science."

She let out a small laugh at that. "And you'll be sitting there, watching me, taking notes, scribbling them into your little notepad while I'm cramming phallic objects into my snatch. Good times, good times."

"Well, I will certainly be studying you intently, that's for sure," he quipped. His hand continued to move over her, rubbing and massaging, caressing smooth flesh. "You've said before how you feel bad about me sleeping in the den. But now, after we've done this, do you mind if I spend the night?"

"I think it's about damn time. This bed is so big and I feel so small in it," she replied with a playful pout. She rose from the bed to pull her pajama bottoms back on, but he noticed she hadn't put her panties back on. Taking her cue, he righted his sweatpants as he watched her rear end wiggle before she pulled the pants all the way up.

"Spoon with me?" She rolled over onto her side.

He chuckled as he settled next to her. "Then that's settled." His fingers massaged at her hairline, Marcus leaning over and kissing where her shoulder met her neck.

"Mmm." She let out a small sigh and leaned her head to the side, to give him easier access to her neck. "So how long have you been crushing on me? Because I could tell that you were making your dreams come true just now." she said with a small smile, remembering all the times in the past she'd interacted with Marcus.

"A few years, to be honest. Before, I never thought I had a chance with you. What can I say," he nipped at her neck between words. "You're beautiful. Even when you were sick. It hurt me to see you suffering, sappy as that sounds."

"Well, I've never really dated the nerdy, geeky types before. I usually went for the jocks and athletes and all but then I was a cheerleader and played volleyball. If I knew geeks were more fun I'd have went with the those a long time ago." she sad with a grin, and a purr at the kisses.

"I'll definitely have to surprise you more then. Show you just how much fun a guy like me can be."

"That's something I can deal with." She ran her nails lightly along his arms and shoulders, noting it was something he seemed to enjoy rather much, and she liked the feel of his skin and muscles under her fingers. "You know, I'm still horny." She grabbed his hand, guiding it to her groin. As he wiggled his fingers, she ground against him.

"So you want to have some more fun with this nerd?" he asked lightly.

"Only if you let me touch you, too," she shot back.

"It's a deal." He nibbled along the side of her neck, and she gave out a heated groan. His hand cupped her more closely as he pressed his wrist against her, applying careful pressure to her clit. Not surprisingly, she fund herself on the way to another orgasm.

He hooked his other arm around her, and she wrapped her own around his shoulders as he buried his face against her neck, breathing hotly against it and pressing kisses against her dusky skin, his hand continuing its work. He'd started out slowly, teasing her with incrementally upping the pressure he exerted on her with a gentle massage, but now he was rubbing her firmly. The thin fabric of her pajamas offered little resistance to his ministrations, and she squeezed her thighs around his hand as he wiggled his fingers near the bottom of her vagina, as if he were scratching an itch.
