 2 - The Rich Woman

Sabrina stood before the grand wooden doors of the mansion. She pushed a light-golden lock of hair behind her ear and, rather self consciously, began to straighten out her skirt. 

It was the same translucent little pink skirt Paul had worn while they stayed at his parents' house. Her expression softened - he certainly had looked cute in it when she'd bent him over his childhood bed. She firmed up again as she remembered to mind her thoughts. It was time to move on from what they'd had... and that was precisely why she'd come to that house.

It was also precisely the thing that had had her out of her element the previous night, crashing a fancy party in her hotel's function room. It was getting to the point where she would no longer be able to afford her accommodations, so it seemed at the time that the correct thing to do was to meet new people. Specifically, new people with money.

She rang the doorbell and resumed fidgeting with her skirt. With it hovering around her hips over her tight black leggings its cute drapery was sufficient to hide her bulging gifts from prying eyes, as long as they didn't linger. Prying eyes weren't likely to, as the sight of her overgrown breasts squeezed high on her chest in a low cut sports bra provided the perfect jiggly distraction. No bystanders could be spared the sight for her continual growth had her jean jacket buttons recently no longer meeting when she attempted to cover up. In the sunlight her pale cleavage was almost blinding. 

Impatient, she sighed.

That previous night she'd gone down to the party in a sleek black cocktail dress, with her hair piled high. Any man alive would have been tempted by the sight of her, yet she hadn't lasted long enough to catch one, for after a few champagnes her composure had begun to fade. She was losing control of herself, which was something that dress had no hope of hiding. With her purse clutched to her lap she'd ran back to the elevators.

Despite her rush Sabrina had met, or rather was accosted by, a certain woman on her way out. That lovely and outgoing woman had been very eager to meet her the next day... and so there she was, standing at her front door.

After a few moments the door opened. "Hiii! Sabrina. So glad you came," the woman said. She stepped out of the way, "please do come in!"

"Thank you, Miss Swanson," Sabrina said.

"Please, sweetie, call me Monica."

Sabrina nodded and smiled placidly at the older woman. By the looks of her she must have been a total knockout when in her prime, but now Monica Swanson was nearing her fifties. Her glory days were behind her but as Sabrina had learned at the party the previous night, there still was no shortage of life in the woman. With her hazel and blonde highlighted hair, her perfect tan upon a yoga-tightened body and the mature blessings of her voluptuous features, she was without a doubt the consumate milf. She had her hair up in a bun and was dressed for comfort in yoga pants and a plain white t-shirt, and the sight of nipples upon large breasts poking unguarded into thin fabric tempted Sabrina's eye.

"My, just look at you," Monica said, eyeing Sabrina up and down. She reached out to trace a finger along the faint crease of muscle on her bare stomach. "Just as delicious as last night."

Sabrina smiled, "thank you Monica." She looked around herself, taking in the fabulous sights of the opulent mansion. "You have an amazing home!"

"It's something isn't it? Yeah. My Harvey did fine for himself. May he rest in peace. Can I get you anything? Tea? Wine? A ...cocktail?"

"Oh no, I'm fine."

"Suit yourself. Why don't you follow me."

She'd never known it to take so long to walk from someone's doorway to their living room, but then Sabrina had never been to a house quite like Monica's. It was astounding. Sabrina simply couldn't fathom how much money it all must have been worth, nor how a single person could have so much. Making friends with Monica Swanson would be a very smart move indeed.

When they finally reached the living room Monica plomped down into a couch. Sabrina did the same on the other side of the room, though more slowly as she traced her hands along her bum, keeping the pink frills of her skirt close for decency. Monica noted the action, her tongue tracing subtly along her lower lip. 

"You were in such a hurry to leave last night, I could barely get a word in," she said. "So, tell me about yourself."

"Okay," Sabrina said. "Um... my name is Sabrina, I'm, ah.. twenty years old, and... "

"And...?"

Sabrina gave a perky little shrug, smiling sheepishly.

"Family?"

"Oh, my family, that's... not important."

"Where are you from?"

"I grew up in Arizona. I was born there."

"Oh, how nice," Monica said. "I lived there for a few years. It's hot. You know, they're starting to grow great wines out in Arizona... in fact, I have a couple bottles left of an excellent vintage... you just sit tight while I grab a bottle, okay sweetie?"

Sabrina noddled and watched Monica go. Amidst the faint sounds of shuffling in the kitchen she looked around, simply taking in her rich surroundings once more. She noticed over the fireplace a huge photoprint of Monica, looking like it had to be from a professional photoshoot decades in the past. It was an image fit for a gentleman's magazine, with her stretched out in the sand in a green bikini that barely covered anything at all. It was... quite an arresting sight, to say the least.

Foom, went the sound of a bottle uncorked. Sabrina snapped out of her spell and shifted uncomfortably in her seat. In her prime Monica had been spectacular.

She returned to the living room, with two glasses of white wine in hand and the bottle tucked under her arm against her chest. She set it all down on the coffee table and sat, this time on the same couch as Sabrina, snuggling herself up close enough that the sides of their legs pressed together. She stretched her arm out and put it around Sabrina's shoulder. "Do you have any questions about me?"

"Oh sure," Sabrina said, reaching out to take her glass. "Tons. Tell me all about yourself."

Monica's nose wrinkled. "You... haven't heard of me?"

Sabrina shook her head, then began to sip her drink.

"I suppose it's a bit before your time, yeah. But I retired when I turned thirty, after I married Harvey, and up until then I was basically the most famous glamour model in the world."

Sabrina seemed to swoon at learning that, if only to please the older woman. "Wow! That's amazing! I can see why you were, too..."

Monica smiled proudly at that and glanced at her photo as she took a large sip from her glass. "The photoshoot that print is from was the moment my career really took off. Playboy, nineteen ninety-three."

"So what happened to your husband?"

"Colo-rectal cancer, sadly. He fought hard but eventually... my old Harvey left this world."

Sabrina pouted at that. "Oh. I'm sorry." She shifted closer, making Monica's arm hanging across her shoulder fall into more of an embrace.

"It's fine. I've mourned him. Now I just do as I please."

"That's... good," Sabrina said, the tiniest knowing smile creeping across her pretty face.

"Yes. Which leads me to why I thought you should come over this afternoon. You see, I saw something last night, something about you that caught my interest."

Sabrina blinked for a moment, taken by her sudden directness. Changing gears, she slammed back what was left in her wine glass and set it on the coffee table. "What did you see?"

"Well, I've heard about your type. It's kind of an urban legend, but people are saying it's true. And you...you fit the bill," Monica said, her tongue tracing along her lower lip again, "...just perfectly."

"My type?"

"Yeah." Monica put her hand over the closer of Sabrina's thighs. "You've got something I want."

Sabrina turned and pointed her chest towards her, and Monica was beholden to a vertigo inducing display of pale young cleavage. "You mean this?" 

"No, not that, as impressive as it is. Everyone had their eyes on that... but I saw something else, also."

Sabrina took a deep breath, already feeling a swell of excitement as the older woman's hand sat over her thigh. It was slowly sliding up into her skirt, toward her secret. Her touch seemed possessive, reminding her of her old days at the lab. She looked at her, just waiting for the word.

"Can I have it?"

"Yes," Sabrina whispered. 

Monica's touch quickened further up, and as she came upon that secret surprise Sabrina began to shimmy out of her jean jacket. The motion had her breasts sloshing back and forth in her sports bra before Monica's eyes. The woman just watched in awe, her jaw hanging as she grasped the warm, rounded mound packed against Sabrina's lap. She gently squeezed, her fingertips testing the softness like a ripe fruit. "God, look at you. You're like a hundred wet dreams at once. Jee-zus, what's in there!"

Once her jacket was off Sabrina tossed it aside and lunged in, and their lips came crashing together. Clumsily, breathily, they kissed, with Sabrina half hovering over the older woman. It was clear what Monica wanted the most, as her other hand joined the first in massaging the growing mass in Sabrina's leggings. Eventually beneath tight black material there was the slipping sound of fabric releasing, and a pile of compressed flesh became like a snake uncurling as Sabrina's panties let go of her quickly swelling tool. 

With a gasp Monica pulled back to look down at what has happening inside Sabrina's leggings. She saw the fat, elongating tube uncurling itself to sit pressed against her leg. "H-holy shit, that's massive."

"It's still going to get bigger."

Monica grabbed Sabrina's hips and wrestled her back onto the couch, and in an instant was straddling her lap. Desperately she came in to repeat their kiss, all the while gravidly grinding against Sabrina's semi-erection. She was mad with lust, whimpering and sighing as she felt monstrous growth beneath her, so starkly contrasted to the delicate lips and tongue she embraced.

When their lips parted Sabrina giggled softly. She slid her hands up Monica's shirt to hold her breasts and tease the nipples that had taunted her so. The woman chuckled in return, her eyes wild as she ground her experienced sex against hardening wood. Sabrina guided the shirt off of her and gave another little giggle, followed by a complimentary coo as she took in Monica's upper body. Her breasts were large, round and perfect, while for the rest of herself, the woman obviously took fantastic care.

"Mhmm. World famous," Monica said. She slid away from Sabrina a bit and looked down, and again she was amazed: "oh... shit!" The end of her massive rod had snagged her leggings and pulled them down her legs slightly. Through the translucent pink of her little skirt Monica was now staring at the base of her naked shaft as it projected out of the side of her panties. She practically fell off of Sabrina's lap to kneel before her and stare, and in doing so bonked the end of her cock, for it was projecting further out than she could ever expect. "Sorry," she said, seeing the girl wince in pain. 

"It's okay." Sabrina pinched the edges of her skirt and lifted them in a sort of curtsy, "do you like it?"

"Girl..." Monica's head was tilting up and down as her gaze repeatedly traversed the length of Sabrina's hard, half revealed endowment. With it well surpassing her right knee it looked as if Sabrina were smuggling a fat baseball bat in her leggings, which clung like shrinkwrap to her every throbbing feature. "They said it would be big, but this..." Monica began to gesticulate with her hands, at a loss for words. "You, you're like, a horse. Sabrina, you're literally hung like a horse!"

She pouted, "yes. I know it's a lot. I hope you don't mind."

"Mind? I... love it. You're the hottest thing I've ever seen!"

Sabrina started to giggle again, wringing her hands together under her chin. 

"Stand up! Let me see you better!" 

"I... I can't."

"Oh, yes, of course. Sorry." In a hurry Monica pulled at Sabrina's leggings. Down her legs they went, and up her cock shot, rigid and swaying. "Haaa~! It's like two feet long!"

Sabrina giggled some more. "It's getting there." She shimmied forward in her seat, and the massive thing swooped around in the vicinity of Monica's face. 

The woman caught her in both hands and, wide eyed, lightly stroked her up and down, just staring at the veiny giant she held. Slowly she was bringing the end of it in line with her mouth, and once staring down that flesh cannon opened wide to take the pinkened head between her lips. She fought to jam the whole thing in, her tongue lolling across sensitive skin, while her hands tightened and quickened around Sabrina's shaft.

"Ooooh!"

"Mmm~"

Monica's movements were quickly ramping up, and soon with full pivots of her elbows she was working Sabrina's entire length while slurping noisily at the tip. Eventually, realizing she was getting so carried away, she stopped and rose to her feet. Sabrina looked up at her, wondering what was next. 

"Go upstairs, to the sixth room on the left, and take off your clothes. ...Leave on the pink skirt-thing."

Sabrina smiled softly, her cheeks starting to turn red. "Okay." She got up.

Monica just watched, in amazement again as the slender yet incredibly stacked blonde bent down to pick up her stockings and leave the room. She was enthralled by her every motion, especially those of the cock that kissed her nose as she bent and waved around before her as she sashayed away. Not only was it without question the biggest she'd ever seen, it was also the most beautiful - an aesthetically perfect pillar of sexual power.

Once out of view Sabrina grabbed hold of her cock and held it close - it was much easier to move that way. Up the stairs she went. The second floor was just as incredible as the first, and as she counted the passing doorways she smiled inwardly. She'd bagged a good one this time. She opened the sixth door and stepped into a beautiful bedroom, with afternoon sunlight spilling in through lacy white curtains. 

The bed was huge. She sat on the edge of it and pointed her lovely legs out, then began to shimmy her panties off of her hips and send them on their way down her three appendages. She then lifted her sports bra off and tossed it to sit with the panties. Now wearing only her little pink frill of a skirt she moved to the centre of the bed and laid there on her side, facing the doorway. With one hand holding the base of her shaft she slowly stroked a few inches, keeping herself hard for her new lover.

It took a while, but eventually in walked Monica. "Oh, baby," she said huskily as she stood posing in the doorway. She'd let her hair down, and traded her casual clothes for a green bikini... the same one, Sabrina quickly realized, she'd worn in her most famous photoshoot more than two decades ago. She still wore it well.

Sabrina giggled and stroked herself more broadly and slowly, putting on a show for her. "You look just like in your photo," she said generously.

"And I wish I could take a photo of you, wow." The woman chuckled as with a model's professional poise she stepped closer. "If I did I wouldn't share it. Your secret can be safe with me." She got onto the bed and crawled over Sabrina, pressing her massive cock between their bodies while coming in for a kiss. 

Her hands moved to cup Sabrina's fair head, to feel her soft light blonde locks spill out between her fingers. She was amazed how everything about her was sweet and feminine, except for of course one thing, the throbbing tip of which was screaming for attention as it pressed hot against her jaw while their lips and tongues entwined. 

Monica's attention shifted in that direction, and she made the very slight shift of position to make out, perhaps even more eagerly, with Sabrina's dick. The girl giggled and resumed to work her lower inches, watching in amusement as the older woman again began to lose control.

"Mmmh, I taste it," Monica said. "I've tasted it!"

Sabrina nodded, looking up glassy-eyed at her. Indeed, she could see the glint of her precum on Monica's lips. Was it really such a big deal?

"Unff, incredible," Monica said. She sat up, and on her knees over Sabrina began to peel off her bikini top. Sabrina, wanting to see what her famous tits could do for her, pushed her cock vertical and it slapped into place against Monica's chest.

The woman instead took hold of her and rose off her haunches to wantonly rub her bikini bottoms against Sabrina's mid-shaft. "Oh yes, god I love this huge dick. I want to see it blow all over me. Want you to cum on me... I bet you cum huge, don't you sweetie?"

"Yes," Sabrina said softly, sitting up. She had her eyes on Monica's chest, and eventually the woman got the picture. They were double-Ds at the very least, and Monica demonstrated that they were almost enough to wrap around her pole. The end of which of course, ended up back in her mouth. 

"Ohh, I do like the taste of it," she purred between slurps, "your precum is sweet... and there's really so much. You like it when I use my tits on you, eh?"

"Uh huh. That's one of my favourite things."

"This is the first time I haven't been able to make a dick disappear between them. Say, you must do this to yourself sometimes, don't you?"

"Uh huh," Sabrina said, smiling slightly. "That's another of my favourite things."

Monica let go and sat back. "Show me."

Sabrina laid herself down again, and naturally her cock snapped back to lie against her chest, straight as an arrow. She lifted her round, gorgeous pillows and wrapped them around it. Hers were enough to completely envelop its girth. 

"Oh..."

Keeping eye contact with Monica she started to work her tits around her upper shaft. It was almost an involuntary reflex for herself to follow that by tucking the fat, eager head into her mouth, and her tongue and lips did their work. As all this happened she giggled and wiggled about, ever playful.

"God... damn!" Monica sprung forward, and lying over Sabrina resumed their kissing pose... only this time the end of that massive dick was in the way. At once their mouths played against each face of the throbbing pink head, and its steady output of transparent precum drool was Monica's to slurp up. She stroked the lower shaft over Sabrina's stomach, eager to milk out more, to see what further madness a gifted body such as hers would produce.

Eventually she shifted lower, dragging her lips along heated hardness all the way. Her breasts, once having travelled enough to plummet down from their perch upon Sabrina's, fell to hang around some of her shaft, so with an arm she hugged them around it and began to work them around her lower extents. Sabrina, with her mouth full of her own dick, purred with delight at the sensation of two sets of tits working her hardness.

Monica took Sabrina's hip and tilted so they'd both lie on their sides. That freed up her other arm, which began to explore her fat laden sac, hefting each ball up, feeling Sabrina's scale. Behind that her fingertips met moisture, so she probed further. "Oh, wow. You have a pussy, too?!"

"Nhghh," Sabrina replied. She was passing the point where she could give a coherent response. Her hips curled forward, urging Monica's touch further down there and as well pushing her dick deeper into her own mouth.

"Alright then," Monica said. She slipped two fingers inside and curled them upward. "Do you like this?"

"Nghhh~!" The girl's back arched, her body tense. Her hips began to shake, moving against the touch of fingers inside, shallowly fucking her own mouth. Monica moved to lie level with Sabrina, and though that removed her breasts from her shaft her fingers still rubbed and pushed against her g-spot. 
