 The time was many years into a liberal future, a future where sex wasn't such a big deal.

Doug was a middle-aged man who had been on vacation to Hollywood with his wife and two teenaged children. The high point of their trip was when they got tickets to go on to their favorite TV show as part of the guest audience. There were only about one hundred people in the guest audience so this made it even more of a coup for the family. The name of the show was "Who Wants To Have Sex With A Movie Star", and it was the highest rated show on the air.

Doug was completely surprised when he was one of only three men selected at random from the guest audience to go up on stage and compete for the final prize. And he was even more surprised when Angie (the movie star) called out his name as the winner of the half-hour contest.

The master of ceremony led Doug out from the little podium he had stood behind for the contest and out to center stage. He shook hands with Doug and gave him a confident pat on the back. The audience was cheering loudly and Doug waved out into the audience to his wife and two daughters. Next Angie came out from behind the partition that had hidden her from the three contestants during the first half of the show.

Angie was on a popular television show that Doug and his whole family enjoyed watching every week. She played the college-aged daughter in the sitcom entitled My Perfect Family. Her character was sweet, innocent, young and proper who always had the right thing to say to her on air siblings or friends when a new weekly crisis came up on the show. She was the girl next-door type, but considerably better looking. 

Recently, however, Angie had acknowledged to the media that she wanted to leave her weekly TV show and shake off the wholesome image the creators of the show had cast her in. She wanted to do feature motion pictures that turned into Hollywood blockbusters and insured her a permanent star in Tinsel Town. She had a body built for sex and seduction, and now those were the type of roles her agents were seeking out for her. Having sex on live television before thirty million home viewers would be a good first step in recreating her image with the public, and that is exactly the reason Angie had agreed to do Who Wants To Have Sex With A Movie Star.

Doug found Angie to be even more breathe taking in person than he remembered her on his television screen. She was wearing a blue colored mini skirt of very light, flimsy material, and a white top that clung tightly over her firm young breasts. She marched out onto the stage and was greeted with a huge round of applause from the audience and more than a few loud catcalls. Her high heels clicked across the brightly polished stage and she strode straight up to Doug and the master of ceremony.

Flashing through Doug's mind then was how he always used Angie as a role model example when he would have talks with his two teen-aged daughters. "What would Angie do in that same situation?" He would always ask his two girls whenever they would meet any trouble at their high school and come to ask dad's advice. Now here he was up on the same stage with Angie and with the two girls and his wife sitting and watching him not more than fifty feet away.

"Welcome to our show, Angie," greeted the MC as he shook hands with the young starlit. "You are looking lovely tonight," he complimented her as he bent to give her a peck on the cheek. "Thanks again for coming onto Who Wants To Have Sex With A Movie Star, Angie."

"Well thanks for asking me to come on, Hal. You don't know how nervous I've been all week thinking about this very moment."

"Yes, and now here it finally is," Hal the MC, said into his microphone, turning to bring Doug into the picture. "Now I know you are dying to meet our winner from tonight's contest. So without further ado – Angie meet Doug. Doug meet Angie."

Angie stuck out a friendly hand and gave Doug a big, white teeth smile. Doug felt his hands were shaking a little and his palms were sweaty, but he reached out and took Angie's proffered hand in his and gave it a light squeeze.

"Nice to meet you, Doug," Angie said and gave an embarrassed little giggle that made her seem like a much younger girl.

"Thanks," was all Doug could stammer.

"Nervous?" The MC asked Angie sticking the microphone back up to her naturally pouting lips.

"Well you know I was until just now when I walked out here. But then with this wonderful reception from your audience, and meeting Doug and seeing what a nice man he is, all that nervousness just went right away. I think we're going to have ourselves a lovely time tonight." She said this last with a wink at Doug.

"Doug how about you? Nervous?"

"Yes. A little," Doug lied because he was a lot nervous.

"Now Angie I've got to ask you – and I know you've been asked this a million times – but what made you decide to come on Who Wants To Have Sex With A Movie Star?"

"Well Hal I was flattered and frankly a little bit scared when your producers asked me to be on the show. But I just saw it as an opportunity to do something really fun and different, and to kind of explore a different side of myself."

The MC turned to Doug with a big grin on his face. "Doug have you got anyone in the audience rooting for you?"

"Yes. My wife Gale and our two daughters Becky and Barb," Doug said pointing to the third row where his family set watching. He also saw a camera sweep over to get a good shot of them, and there was some more applause from the audience.

"Wonderful," the MC said turning away from Doug and looking out into the main center stage camera. "We're going to take a break now. When we come back it will be time for Angie and Doug's big moment, so stick around." Theme music played, and a sign off stage was held up for audience applause. Everyone applauded wildly, and the studio cameras moved around to their fade out positions.

Soon the studio lights went low and the music abruptly cut off. Off stage the director gave the cut sign, and the MC relaxed some and turned around to face Angie and Doug.

"Ok guys we'll be back in two minutes. You both ready?"

Angie took Doug's hand in hers and smiled over at the MC with the perfect white teeth again. "We're all set, Hal."

Hal put an arm around both of them, gathering them into a little huddle on the stage. "Angie has been through the script and knows what to do. Doug just relax and have fun, and let Angie take over as soon as we come back on air. There isn't sound on the bedroom stage so you can talk to each other there. If you need to give each other a little guidance that'll work out fine."

Angie took Doug's other hand in hers and looked up at him. Doug had the feeling that she had never really seen him before when the cameras were rolling and that now she was looking him over for the first time.

"No erectile dysfunctions?" Angie asked him. He shook his head dumbly, having not the first clue how to respond. "How about premature?" she asked.

"Premature?" he repeated her question not understanding.

"How quick do you come?" she prodded in a business like fashion.

"I don't know," he answered vaguely.

"Try and last as long as you can. In most of the positions we'll be using I'll be able to control everything. So if you feel like you're getting ready to come let me know and I'll be able to hold you back for a little while."

"All right," Doug said, and he could feel his heart starting to beat very fast.

The lights were slowly starting to come back up and the theme music had started playing in the background. The director came out from behind the stage and motioned to Angie and Doug to follow him. One of the big walls of the sound stage was revolving around on its axis and an enormous round bed with black satin sheets was contained on this set. Mirrors were set up on each side of the set, and some fake candle light was flickering to the side of the bed. This was the bedroom set and it turned around to the audience and Angie and Doug were led up a couple of stairs and out onto the set. 

"I want you to both take your shoes off and Doug you also take off your socks," the director ordered them. "Then climb into the bed and position yourself right up there in the middle. When you get in position I want you to put your arm around Angie's shoulder Doug. We've got cameras positioned at three hundred and sixty degrees so don't worry about angles. We're on in twenty seconds."

Angie stepped out of her high heels and hopped up onto the big round bed, getting positioned in the center as per instruction. Doug had no trouble slipping off his loafers, but his shaking hands gave him a hard time when he set on the edge of the bed to take off his socks. He finally got the socks off and threw them to the side of the stage. An assistant director rushed over and took their shoes and socks off stage. Doug hurriedly crawled up over the bed and to Angie with two seconds to spare. He sat there in a daze and Angie picked up his hand and placed it around her shoulder. He could smell her expensive perfume and it was really very nice. She was already wearing her big white stage smile and didn't really see Doug anymore.

"Welcome back to Who Wants To Have Sex With A Movie Star." The MC spoke into the camera with a friendly smile on his face. The audience had again been queued for applause and they were giving it loudly. "This is the big moment that America has been waiting for. Angie and Doug are already in our bedroom set, and already in bed…" There was a loud and accusing ooooooohhhhhhhhh from the audience. "The wait is finally over. Here are Angie and Doug!"

The lights went down very low, and the MC stepped out of the picture. There was expectant applause from the audience and then a heavy silence as the cameras zeroed in on the round bed and onto Angie and Doug.

Angie put her arms around Doug and brought him in for a passionate kiss full on the mouth. His other arm came up and circled around her, and he opened his mouth to receive her tongue on top of his. Her breath was so pure and fresh. He breathed her into his open mouth and explored her mouth with his own tongue. His hands began to massage her back as their embrace lasted for a good minute. He felt beneath the light fabric of her top and could tell she was not wearing a bra.

She kissed around his neck and nibbled on his right ear lobe. Doug thought how soft she was and sure in her movements. He knew he was just a prop to her and this sex just another scene, but he didn't care. He had been the winner of the contest and this was his prize. Suddenly he lost all his previous nervousness and became assertive. He wanted to take his prize.

"Take my top off me, Doug," Angie whispered breathlessly in his ear.

Doug ran his hands down to the small of her back and was quick to comply. He moved up under her shirt with his hands, feeling her soft flesh for the first time. Lifting her shirt up across her chest she raised her arms in the air and he brought the top off of her. Her naked chest made Doug's heart skip a beat. Her breasts, which had probably been the beneficiaries of much cosmetic work, were perfect. They weren't huge, but were so firm that they had practically no give to them. Her nipples were a dark red and protruded straight out from the fleshy mounds with pride. Her chest and stomach were nicely tanned and complemented the long blonde hair that fell over her slender shoulders.

Doug didn't even move for a moment he just took in the sight of her.

"Touch my breasts honey and them put my nipples in your mouth," she commanded him in a gentle whisper.

Doug obeyed, bringing up a hand to feel the left mound. It was hard, but the skin surrounding it was soft and tanned. He felt her nipples. They stuck out an inch from the center of each breast. For a glorious moment he had a hand massaging each of her breasts. Then she repositioned herself on the bed and brought his head down to suckle them.

His mouth greedily went over each breast, wetting them with his saliva. He was a little embarrassed, but he was actually drooling on her. He licked her nipples with his tongue, and then closed his lips over one of them and sucked it full into his mouth. His arms went around her back and he held her breast to his mouth, sucking and sucking harder. He kissed up her chest and her neck, wetting her cheeks with kisses. Then he looked her in the eye.

"How am I doing?" He asked her as he squeezed a breast in his free hand.

"You're doing great," she said, and Doug thought she really meant this. "You can hold me tighter, baby. I won't break."

This encouragement was all he needed to return to her nipples and take them back in his mouth. He sucked on them with a strength that surprised him. She had put perfume all over her body and her fragrance alone was enough to send him off on a one-way course to orgasmic pleasure.

She had his head cradled in her arms and was brushing back his hair as he sucked on her nipples. "Now it's time for you to take my skirt off."

Doug reluctantly pulled himself away from those two perfect mounds. But then when he looked down at the lower half of her body he thought there were probably many delights in store down there, too. He slid his hands slowly down her sides and her hips and reached for the top of her skirt, still playing kisses around her left breast.

"It just pulls down. Put your hands inside it and pull it down to my ankles," she instructed him.

Just as he was told to do Doug reached inside the skirt and began to lower it down her legs. To get a better grip his right hand moved around behind her and he felt her ass cheeks. They were smooth and soft. She was wiggling her tight little ass as he took off her final garment and her graceful little movements made his already stiff penis throb against the inside of his pants.

Her pubic mound was shaved clean. No under garments protected her after the skirt was pulled down. Her vaginal lips were parted and visible between her legs. He pulled the skirt down past her knees and then her ankles and feet. He pulled it away from her and Doug had his very own naked nineteen-year-old movie star lying on the bed next to him.

He ran lusty hands quickly up and down her thin and long legs, admiring the almost brown tan. His hands ran along her hips and one went behind to her ass and found a firm little cheek to touch and squeeze. He could smell what he assumed must be vaginal lubricant in her pussy, and looking between her slightly parted legs he could see moistness glistening from the stage lighting.

She gave her million dollar white toothed smile to him.

"Now you eat me out," Angie said quoting from the script she remembered in her mind. "I put cherry flavored lube in me so you should like the taste." And saying this she leaned back all the way on the bed, swung her pelvis around to him and spread her legs wide. "Have fun, sweetheart," she told him.

Doug was quickly and urgently between those two accommodating young legs. He didn't want to waste a second of this reward. First he inserted his index finger inside her to get the feel of her. She was almost too slippery with all of the lube, but at least penetration wouldn't be a problem. He ran a couple of fingers around her outer lips, tracing their route around the tiny hole. With his other hand her gently stroked her inner thigh, amazed to see that even down here she was just as tanned as everywhere else.

When he moved his head down to her pubic area he was overcome with a powerful scent coming out of her. It did smell faintly like cherries, and he wondered what it would taste like. She was so wet with the clear liquid that it was even glistening off her inner thighs.

Attentively he stuck his tongue out and gave a lick of her vaginal lips. This was a cherry taste, and it did taste pretty damn good. He began to lick her as if her vagina was a lollypop. Then he began to slurp, the cherry flavored lube coming into his mouth and down his throat. The taste of it and the aroma between her legs became so strong he thought he might pass out at one point.

Doug's tongue found her clit and worked on bringing it out and into his mouth, the dainty little fold feeling warm and gooey inside his mouth. She kept her legs spread for him and let him go exploring her nether region for two minutes. Then the script called for them to move on.

Angie pushed him away, closed her legs and set up next to him on the bed. "Time for me to undress you now, hon," she told him.

Obediently he allowed her to unbutton his shirt. She kissed her way down his chest as she did so. She slid the shirt off his shoulder and spent a few seconds playing with his nipples and stroking the hair on his chest. Then she kissed a line down his belly and her tongue came out and traced around his navel. 

She unbuckled his belt and pulled his pants and shorts down in a long and graceful motion that exposed his seven-inch, fully erect penis to national television. She carefully laid his penis down across his belly and finished pulling off his pants and underwear. Then she crawled up his body seductively, letting both their nude forms scrap against each other.

She soon arrived back at his cock head and brought it up in her palm. Her tongue came out of her mouth and darted along the top, licking it. Then she moved it up and licked along the bottom, her tongue making it all the way to the base, into his black pubic hair and out across his tightly scrunched balls.

With one hand she gently cupped his balls. With the other she held the base of his cock. She looked up at him and had a serious face as she met his eye. "Can you take head for a minute and a half with out ejaculating?" she asked, her husky voice resonating against the underside of his penis.

"No… I don't think I can..." was his breathless and honest reply.

"No problem sweetie. I'm just going to deep throat you a couple of times, but we've got some more to do, and I don't want you to come yet." Saying this she sucked his penis fully into her mouth and pushed down to the base, slowing taking every inch of him inside her warm mouth with those big pouting lips.

She took his cock out of her mouth and looked back up at him. "Still doing okay?"

"This is great Angie… You're great. But honestly I can't last much longer. I'm just about ready to blow."

She gave his penis a couple of more playful little licks with her tongue. "Have you ever jacked off when you were thinking about me, Doug?" she asked.

"Oh yeah."

"Did you imagine yourself having intercourse with me?"

"I did."

She moved her naked body across him and kissed him on the lips. "Your dreams about to come true honey."

Angie scooted back up on the bed and motioned for Doug to follow her. Doug got up on his knees, holding his engorged penis in his hand. Angie laid back on a group of satin pillows bringing up her knees and looking at Doug to give him her final instructions. 

"This is it, honey. Try and stay inside me for at least a minute, but it's not a big deal if you can't. The important thing is not to come inside of me. When you feel yourself getting ready to come pull out of me and move up to my face. I'll open my mouth and I want you to aim for the back of my throat. Again, it's not a big deal if you miss and hit my face or some other part. The important thing is to pull out before you climax so that the audience can see you coming on me. All right?"

Doug's heart was about to pound out of his chest now. All of his nervousness had suddenly returned and for a horrible moment he was afraid he might loose his erection and had to let the underside of his cock rest against her knee to put some feeling back into it. He nodded at her that he understood what he was supposed to do.

Angie spread her legs. Doug got between her outstretched legs and slowly lowered himself down to her. He was holding his penis out before him. After he was almost there Angie took the cock out of his hands and guided it towards her waiting vagina. She inserted his tip inside her and let him pump once to get penetration.
