 1 - The Break Up

Sabrina twisted to stick her legs out from under the blankets and sat up upon the hotel room bed, then yanked the covers off of herself. She couldn't sleep. 

She preferred Paul's bed.

It was her first night on her own after a year out in the world, a year she'd spent by his side. Simply by the nature of their relationship they were bound to split eventually. He was, after all, only human. She hadn't realized when she visited him that day in the hospital that it would be their last.

"It just can't continue between us," he'd said. "Look at me. Look at what we've done."

To any outsider they looked like an unlikely pairing. She, a gorgeous and bodaciously figured blonde haired babe was crying as she stood by a completely average looking young man, who in his white smock laid before her in a stretcher. She slumped over his body and continued to sob, and the young man winced in pain.

What in the world could cause such an unexceptional guy to break up with a knockout like Sabrina? Things were much more complicated than they looked.

There was one thing about Paul that wasn't, or rather hadn't, been so average. With Sabrina's help, he'd developed an incredible talent for making sixteen inches of girldick disappear into his tight boyhole. And for a year, they'd loved it. He was her perfect little boytoy.

The inhuman gifts of a creature like Sabrina could only be withstood for so long. She had literally broken him.

Between sobs as she laid over his tired body she whispered, "did you tell them about me?"

"No," Paul had said, his voice gravelly and tired. "But it looks like... we can't continue. The doctor says my ass can't handle any more." 

Back to the dark hotel room, Sabrina pouted as she remembered those words. Whose ass could? She could feel the hot weight of her massive endowment as it draped semi erect over one of her thighs. With it having been days since she'd emptied herself into her ex-boyfriend it was begging for attention at the merest thought of his sweet behind, even if those thoughts regarded its recent destruction. She flicked on the bedside lamp, then watched as she ran one of her pretty hands along her pale python. With the other she grabbed at the collar of her oversized t-shirt, which once had been his, and clutched it to her nose, desperate to smell any remnant scent of him the fabric could still hold. The shirt was the only thing she'd worn to bed.

They were playing god when they created her. In a secret lab human and goddess genes had been haphazardly combined to create the most absurdly oversexed being possible, a being that could more than satisfy any of the goddesses without any risk of pregnancy - a sort of 'mule'. There were no trial runs, she was the one and only version of what she was. No one could predict what her raging mixture of hormones and doctored genetics would do with time.

She was a bigger girl now. Four inches taller, she was no longer quite 'petite' and was now at an average height. That was the only average thing about her though - for starters her already quite large chest had ballooned several cup sizes bigger. There was now simply no way to diminish the spectacle of her breasts as they jiggled and swayed high against her slim body. It was getting very hard to hide her cock, too, for it had grown as well.

The hand that sat against it moved to slide past her two heavily laden peach sized balls, her elbow tapping against one of her great breasts as she did so. Her sex was wet with desire. She began to tease her clit, and watched as the heavenly sensations that produced took effect.

Her cock was growing stiff, extending and rising off of her thigh... filling out to a length beyond her knees. Grasping it at its base she hefted it up, and it lazily swung vertical and tapped against her lips. Her hold moved north upon her heated pole and she began to stroke, while applying a few sucks to the pink head.

She could feel it stiffening with the touch of her tongue, reaching that final stage of rock hardness. To do this she didn't have to change her posture at all anymore - simply pointing her hard cock up was enough to put what was now passing nineteen inches level with her pretty little mouth. That was the only convenient thing about her massive dick.

It really was no surprise at all that she'd broken Paul.

"Mmmh," she purred. She was going to have to finish the job if ever she wished to sleep. With her free hand she fumbled about on the bedside table, finding a small vibrating dildo. She quickly slid it inside her hungry little crease and activated it. "Ohhh!"

She wrung both hands up and down her massive rod now. Precum was starting to run, thin, slick and plentiful, against her tongue. She let the seal of her lips against flesh loosen, and the stuff dripped down, giving her strokes a slipperier surface to work against.

Harder it throbbed. She gulped down some of that pre, savouring the sweet yet salty taste of her lust as she fought to pleasure every blessed inch of herself. If she wanted she could let herself go right then and there, but there were better ways to proceed.

She continued, expertly keeping her climax at bay, feeling the pressure of her eventual release slowly increase with each passing moment. She ground herself against the dildo, searching for the perfect position to have it sit and vibrate against her most sensitive inner region. Eventually finding it, she pushed hard.

"Gnnhhh~!" 

It was time for her favourite thing! As she felt her insides tighten she ramped up her sucks and strokes to the max. She released the tension that held her cum at bay, and just as climax arrived upon that vibrating dildo her cock began to seize.

She cried out in joyful agony and fell back against the bed. "I'm s-so sorry Paul!" She held her cock away from herself at a roughly forty five degree angle, and her body became completely stiff as shots of thick cum erupted out, issuing several feet from their source to patter heavily against the wall behind her... again, and again and again. She shuddered and seized as undescribable pleasure exploded within her from both her pussy and her gargantuan member. 

As greater levels of release opened to her she began writhing uncontrollably, painting a chaotic Jackson Pollock piece on the wall as the motions that had so permanently damaged poor Paul repeated themselves.

"Hooo, god," she moaned. Regaining control of her body, she became still and wrung her hands up and down her throbbing giant a few more times. Her shots of cum had slowed, so she directed the end of her cock back to her mouth and patiently, blissfully drank down the final moments of her release. 

It brought her such trouble, yet it made her feel so good. She loved her massive dick.

Sated, she relaxed, and lying like that on the bed closed her eyes to fall asleep in her mess.

Tomorrow was going to be a big day for her. Ready or not, she was going to take the world on on her own terms.