 Chapter 1 was submitted to a category it doesn't quite fit in - Literotica admins suggested "sci fi / fantasy" in an email, so I will submit the rest of the chapters to that category. If a better category is suggested, I will keep it in mind.)

Story features a trans man (ftm) as the main character. He is gay, and only m/m pairings will be featured.

*****

I don't know when I wake up. Things get blurry, as if I'm dreaming in a lucid haze, my mouth opening and legs spreading in an automatic response to touch.

At first, things burn so much I wonder if my ass has been double stuffed, a cock beside the plug, but then I realize the man holding my legs up is balls-deep in my front hole. 

My legs burn in this position, a throbbing ache from the uncomfortable position that honestly makes me much wetter. I reach up to touch him, finally getting an eye on him in the dim room.

The sight of his defined muscles and thick hair pulls a soft moan out of me. After rubbing his abs, I grab the backs of my knees to open my legs wider. 

He shakes his head, flashing a grin as he pushes them back together, making me tighter for his harsh thrusts. "You want more of this alpha cock? Wanna spread those legs to fit more?"

I gasp, nodding, then begging, "Yes, please, yes!"

With a grunt, he pushes my legs further above my head, holding my ankles far apart. Looking down, I can see him pumping into me, my own cock hard and desperate for contact. 

"Gonna breed you," he pants, hips grinding down roughly. "You want to be swollen with cum?"

A shudder goes down my spine and I wish I could open myself more. He needs no answer when he finally slows down, groans, and empties himself into me. The heat pools inside me, flushing into my cheeks as he lays down on top of me, our chests pressing together. He hasn't put my legs back down, but his soft cock is still halfway inside me with his cum leaking out around it.

My hips are starting to throb in this position. Ignoring my discomfort, I throw my arms around his neck and give his jaw a kiss. He smiles softly, returning the gesture, then nipping at my neck.

Reaching down but never breaking eye contact, he finds the plug in my ass and yanks it out. Flinching, my look turns to one of shock as he lines his already-stiff cock against my tender asshole. 

"Don't worry," he says, easing the head in. "I'll go slow."

It feels like eons pass before even half of it gets in, and something in my stomach feels weird at the new sensation. Dripping from my cunt, his cum spills down between my ass cheeks, slicking him up even more as he pulls out and thrusts back in.

He speeds up almost immediately. A low moan cracks from my throat, my breathing staccato and the sound of skin slapping skin echoing in the small room. Static floods my brain. The bed creaks, frame smacking the wall. When he stiffens, I feel it immediately - cum unloading into my ass, painting the inner walls white. I back into it, wanting his load emptied deeper. 

With a slap to my ass, he pulls out, cum leaking out behind him. It coats my stretched asshole, running down between my legs. He looks around beside us before showing me the plug and pushing it back in me. 

Spanking me again, he says, "Hope you're full," and winks, standing up to pull his suit back on and leave. I lay panting in sweat, lube, and cum, aching. My legs are finally back down, sore from being held up so long. I can barely imagine working in a wall or a fountain, what with my legs spread that far for hours at a time.

It takes a few minutes for me to stand up, wobbling. I opt for a fishnet tank top over my orange shorts, making sure to grab lube before I head out the door. 

Several men have their cocks shoved in my neighbors' door gloryholes, and many in my neighbors, hanging from walls or bent over in the street. Moans echo underneath the casual conversation of those wandering through, and sweat hangs in the air with the stench of sex. I make my way to the bathhouse with only a few squeezes to my ass.

Through the steam, I find my way to an empty corner, taking soap from the wall and lathering myself. I work over each muscle slowly, enjoying the way hot water runs over me and soothes my aches. Until he coughs, I barely notice that someone else has joined me.

Glancing up, I see a man almost my height, with soft muscles and a shy smile. His curly hair is heavy with water.

I apologize to him, then ask, "Can I help you?" I wink as I tug down my shorts, showing him the barcode. He's paid to come, and I'm already paid to be there. 

He laughs, his face red. "I, uh- I was wondering, could I suck you off?"

Eyebrows raised, I pull my shorts down further. I bite my lips to keep from begging. 

He dropped to his knees, eyes locked with mine as he takes me in his mouth. I grab his hair, pushing him against my cock. His tongue laps at my front hole, dipping its way inside, but barely enough. I need it deeper, swirling at every inch as my legs shake.

He dips his tongue further, grabbing my hips to turn me and bury his face in my ass. The writhing tip of his tongue finds my hole, and he pushes it all the way in. A louder moan tears from my throat. Licking up from my dripping cunt to my tight ass, he thoroughly cleans me up beyond what the shower can do.

When my orgasm tears through me, it's a brief flash of light and ecstasy. I nearly fall onto the man's face, but manage to balance, pulling myself off his tongue and staring at him in awe.

"Love doing that," he says, standing. "Need some help?"

Gently, he works soap through my hair and washes me, covering every strand.