 The ruby glowed in the stores fluorescent lights of the old thrift shop, shooting beams of red against the countertop as James walked by. The glint of light catching his eye as he passed, drawn into its radiance he reached out and gasped at it.

"Excuse me?" he asked the woman texting behind the counter, "How much is this?"

The girl unenthused by her annoying customer responded without even looking up, "Twenty bucks, anything on top of the glass is twenty, under it the prices are listed."

 The girl behind the counter was cute in a way, but her attitude decimates that aspect once she opens her mouth to speak. Her petite figure hugged by tight clothes, yoga pants and knock off designer boots screamed look at me, and she knows it. She didn't care about her attitude guys would want her no matter what she said or how she said it. 

 James annoyed by her response carefully takes the chain off the display and holds the gem in his hands. The red glow now bathing his palm in the light. He keeps staring at the gem thinking if his girlfriend will like it, being larger than her normal choices in jewelry.

 "I wish you'd make up your mind already, we are about to close." The girl spat as she adjusted her seat.

 James grumbled beneath his breath, but biting his tongue and being at least polite to the girl. It was retail work, and it sucks so maybe that explained her behavior to him. Grasping the gem in hand he takes his purchase to where she sat. She crept from her chair and started ringing up his transaction. 

 "Are you a Tranny?" She said to James in a snide tone.

 "What?" James was taken back by her question, he wasn't sure if he heard her right.

 "I said are you a tranny? I only see Trannies and gay guys who are way too hot buying this lame jewelry and you're not that hot. So i'm guessing you're a tranny."

 James jaw dropped as if to respond, but out of sheer awkwardness he couldn't speak. He just handed her the money he pulled from his wallet.

 "Yep, you're a total tranny. Do you get fucked by guys or are you into girls?" She said as she handed him his change and receipt. "I wish you'd tell me, I'm so fucking curious."

 James gripped the gem and his money looked her dead in the eyes, "Yeah well, I wish you'd go and fuck yourself like the bimbo you are..." He glanced at her cleavage where her name badge sat her tits on obvious display, "Jasmine, then when you're done come find me so I can show you how wrong you are. Get the fuck over yourself."

 Jasmine's face was in sheer shock. No one speaks to her that way, but before she got a word out James was already out of the door. 

 Alone in the store, she felt angry still. Fired up to the point of where she felt warm. He face flushed, she needed to cool off. She went to the door and locked it, flipping the open to closed sign. She needed to relax and there was one sure way to do that.

 Entering the ladies room, she was feeling hot, she needed to take these clothes off of her. Not even in the stall yet, she was already pulling off her shirt. She quickly pulled her yoga pants and thong down to an awaiting wet slit. She began to play with the wet folds, teasing it slightly. Her other hand freed her breasts from their restraints and she felt the need to fondle them. 

 She began to finger herself, starting with one finger then another and soon she had all four fingers ramming into her. The warmth growing from her and radiating into her pussy. This wasn't just to relax now, it was a need. She moaned and it echoed in the vacant bathroom, making her feel hotter and wanting it faster. 

 She thought to herself, "It never feels this good when I masturbate, but I'm not complaining."

 Her hand begins to furiously pound her, she moans louder and louder. Her own amazing orgasm about to crash down upon her. The sound of her wet pussy driving her closer and closer to cumming. She desperately grasps at her breast and begins to pinch her nipple, and that slight twinge of pain shoots her over the edge. 

 Her orgasm spasming her body, it causes her to clench down on her own hand. After a few moments of basking in the glow. She tries to pull her fingers out.

 "God, I'm tight." As her fingers begin to exit her, she's shot with a wave of pleasure. But not from her pussy like normal. It was too much, more than she's had without a guy. She tries moving her hand out more, and another wave hits her unexpectedly causing her to go deeper in. She hits the into her pussy again and again making more waves crash over her body. Her pussy wanting it more and more as the waves now hit from both sides.

 She can't stop, she won't stop now. She starts back up again this time her hand now like a battering ram. Each thrust making her eyes roll into the back of her head. Several thrusts in and her pace begins to quicken, her moans start becoming louder and louder. Soon Jasmine feels another orgasm crash on her from her pussy, but her hand doesn't stop going like normal. A few more deep thrusts and her third and most powerful orgasm rocks into her body. Her full pussy dripping with her own juices onto the toilet seat.

 Exhausted from the multiple orgasms, she closes her eyes and passes out.

 A half hour later, Jasmine wakes up from her blissful rest. Only to realize she's still at work and naked in the bathroom. Looking down at her pussy, which throbbed from her assault on it, she saw she was still inside herself. Pulling her fingers out, they felt weird but not numb. Quite the opposite in fact. As her wrist freed its motion, she gasped in horror at the sight of what her hand has become.

 Starting at her palm her fingers fused together into a single large cock. Flaccid in its current state but six inches from the top of her palm. Instantly she grabs it with her other normal hand it make sure it's real. She feels the warmth flowing through it, as she squeezes it she feels the pressure it made. She's had her fair share of cock before but this one was different, it was her own. 

 In a flurry of motions she grabs her clothes and quickly get dressed only to realize it's very difficult with only one hand and her thumb. But with a little more work, she throws her clothes on and readily locking up the store to leave. On her way to the door, she grabs an oven mitt off the shelf and throws it over her now deformed hand.

 Within moments, she's in her car engine turned on, and radio blasting music. She's about to put her car in reverse as she realizes the oven mitt. Throwing it off onto the seat beside her, she stares at her cock once more. Curious to see it erect, or even how to make it erect she licks the base of the tip.  

 A chill runs up her spine, challenging her to do it again. So she does, this time licking up but ending with her lips surrounding it. She feels the pressure building, she feels it slowly growing, and not just in her hand but in her mouth. Wanting more, she begins to rock her hand back and forth. Plunging deeper into her throat, and now growing hornier as to make her free hand wander down to her once again moistening pussy. 

 She couldn't get enough as she begins to suck faster and fuck her mouth harder. Her free hand now showing her desperation for release. When she moaned, it was muffled by her cock, but it also sent a stronger wave down her hand which then caused her to moan louder feeding into the cycle. Soon she was nearly screaming, she couldn't suck on it more, she needed to fuck. 

 Pulling the hard member from her lips she sees it in it's glory and she wants it inside of her. A solid nine and a half inches long, it pulsed with her heart. Pausing with her other hand she pulls that free to hold her waist band away just enough to angle her cock in. With one solid motion she rams her pussy once again to feel the amazing crash of pleasure and its impending orgasm. 

 Fucking herself, she felt the pleasure from before but this time knowing why it felt so good. It turned her on more, increasing her pace. She wanted to cum again. But more importantly she wanted to taste it. 

 Her pace redoubled, as beads of sweat began to form on her brow and cleavage. Moaning over the music in the empty parking as her first orgasm crashed down on her. Her pussy came, just like she knows. But like before her hand feeling the change goes deeper. It now wants to cum, and she knows how to do it. She clenches her pussy onto it and forces it deep as it tries to keep pace. Within mere moments she feels the orgasm build like before, and with one motion pulls out from her clenched pussy and into her awaiting mouth to be greeted with sprays of cum against the back of her throat.

 With a big gulp, "Like, a girl can get used to this..."

She pulled the car away, unknowingly heading in the direction away from home.