 James tried to brush the bitch from the store out of her mind, he was pissed but went a bit harsh on her. He was still fuming from the invasive questioning. The gem still bagged and sitting in the seat next to him, he knew his girlfriend would like it. He drove the short trip home to his apartment they shared. Nothing fancy, but quaint for this part of town. 

He saw her car parked in the lot, and began to get excited to give her the gift he chose. Parking the car, he gathered his items and almost trotted to the door with anticipation only to fumble his keys onto the awaiting welcome mat. 

"Shit." He grabbed the keys, threw it into the lock and walked into the doorway to smell dinner being made. "Amy, I'm home! Got something for you!"

"Oh, what is it?" Amy yelled from within the adjacent kitchen. Cooking with her PJ's on, a tank top and cartoon character boxers, her tank top let her B cup breasts poke the fabric. 

"Oh nothing." James walked up behind her and with a fluid motion wrapped the necklace on her, resting the gem onto her cleavage.

"That's such a beautiful ruby!" She said staring into its glow.

"Yeah, I saw it at the store and thought you deserved it for putting up with me. Huh, that's weird. It kinda looks black to me. Must be the lighting in here"

"Must be, because it's definitely red to me." She said wrapping her arms around James. "How about after dinner, I properly thank you for this."

James gave her a smirk as he grabbed at the plates, "I'll rack em', you stack em'?"

Dinner passed, but the cleanup was certainly delayed as the couple made it's way into the bedroom. Clothes being torn off like a trail of breadcrumbs. The couple's hands were furious at work grabbing fondling and stripping one another. 

Amy pushed him onto the bed, straddling James as she leans in. The gem dangling over the couple of them as she kisses his neck and begins to work her way down. Reaching his hard throbbing cock, she gasps it in hand and stares intently at him. 

"Now for that thank you." Barely finishing the sentence she wraps her lips around the head. 

"I love it when you suck my cock, but it's never as good as your pussy is." James said struggling to find words as his mind loses logic.

"God I wish it was just as good for both of us, if not better." She said removing his dick from her lips but for a moment.

As soon as the last word was muttered, Amy's gem glowed red, then dimmed into black. A warmth from where the gem dangled began to spread from Amy's chest. It radiated throughout her body, growing stronger. Amy's pace began to quicken a bit as she began to get hornier. She never would normally, but didn't think anything of it. 

James notices her pace and grabs the back of her head, holding her hair back as she moved quickly. He closed his eyes and began to become lost with her sucking as a warm grew from her motions.

Amy was now moaning around his cock, as her face began to become coated in her own spit. She feels like she's making love with James only they weren't yet. Her hand now holding the base of his member, while her free hand begins to play with her dripping wet pussy. She was becoming lost to the motions and the pleasure of it all. 

James began to tense up, he felt his orgasm coming soon, Amy sensing this, drives her into overdrive wanting to cum herself. She furiously fingers her pussy, making it seem like she's going to cum on both ends. Adjusting her grip her nipples begin to rub of James' legs, adding to her already overwhelming pleasure, sending her over. James seeing his girlfriend orgasming for the first time from him getting a blowjob, instantly started to cum into her wanting mouth as she held firm wrapped around it. James lets go of her hair, and lets his body fall flat as Amy sucks the last drop from him.

As she reaches the tip she finds it hard to move her lips, or be able to close her jaw, She starts to get worried as the cum begins to dribble down her chin and onto her breasts. Reaching up, she touches her mouth, but unable to find a mouth. In it's place was a sensitive, and cum covered vagina. She mumbles, but unable to form words easily, a tongue slapping against the walls of her newly formed vagina. 

Her attempts to speak cause shivers down her spine as the tongue explores the new orifice, accidentally pleasuring herself with an already sensitive pussy. She's now beginning to panic and attempting to get James' attention but between each word was a moan. Panic was quickly causing more juices to flow down her chin and also now her thigh. She grabs at James and when he sees his panicked girlfriend he becomes instantly alert only to change his tune when he notices her change.

Neatly formed where the mouth should be and stopping with the tip of her nose, there was a vagina. James in disbelief just stared as he sees her tongue resting inside of it, Amy actively trying not to make herself worse as tears began to appear in her eyes.

"How did...what...mouth..." James couldn't find the right words. His gaze unable to break from hers, and more importantly her mouth.

Amy knew she couldn't make words in this state, she needed to calm down. Maybe attempting to play charades for speech, or getting a pen to write things down on a pad would work until they can figure out what happened. As she began to look around the bed for something anything as a quick grab item to get answers, she notices James now flaccid penis. James' member now looked nearly double in size, but it was still soft. Her eyes go wide when she realizes this and James still staring at her didn't know. 

She grasps at James' hair and aims his head down to look at himself. Now split between himself and her, he keeps looking back and forth. 

Amy forgetting she couldn't speak, started to talk only to send shivers up her spine and a soft moan to escape instead of James' name. More and more she kept getting caught up with how good it felt moving her tongue around and forgetting her current problem. 

James was hearing her moan, seeing her pleasure but was still unable to draw his attention away from her new pussy. But his improved member noticed too and began to engorge. Snaking it's way up his leg, and beginning to stand at attention again. James wanted to taste her new mouth, he wanted to hear her moan more. He grabs her gently to calm her down, looks into her eyes, then leans in to kiss her. 

When his mouth touches her new mouth, she moans again. Starting a fire in James, where he begins to explore what's new with his tongue. Her tongue following suit, causing her to moan louder and longer. Her body now filling with lust, she leans back towards him as he grasps at her hips and wants to guide her onto his cock.

The pleasure was almost too much already two tongues on one pussy, now a cock ramming into her causing her to nearly orgasm just from him sliding her down onto it. Amy is quickly becoming lost in herself as she starts to feel wave after wave of pleasure building into orgasms. Unable to think beyond her own orgasms, her own hands wrap around James.

James feeling her want more, gives it to her. He plays with her breasts as she rides his cock. Their tongues entwined as soft moans escape Amy every few moments. Within a few minutes the first orgasm crashes on Amy, coming from her pussy that is being rammed into by James' member. Feeling her tighten around his dick, it squeezes an orgasm out of him, the cum rocketing into her forcing her other pussy to explode in pleasure with an orgasm. 

The couple collapses atop each other in a sweaty, lovers embrace, only to hear the doorbell chime. Amy nearly jumps when she realizes she can't go out to get the door.

James panting, looks at Amy, "Stay here, I'll get it. It's probably our neighbors complaining about the noise." he said the last bit with a chuckle in his voice. James wraps himself up with his bathrobe and rushes to the door.

Glancing out the peephole he sees a woman pacing. Probably Mrs. Curtis next door but he couldn't tell. Undoing the lock and opening the doorway, he instantly realizes who it is.

"Uh...hi." James said to Jasmine the store clerk's confused look.