 The age of castles and knights are long since past but we hear of strange happenings occurring in and around the ruins the dot the landscape in Wales. On our fifth day the weather was a bit overcast and we decided to visit a monument nearby. There were signs along the roadways directing us to this historical site and it did seem to be quite well known.

It was described in pamphlets as a burial chamber. Neither Kelly or I really knew what to expect as we drove the extremely narrow lanes following the signs to this site. At one point we had to pull over tight against the hedgerow to allow another vehicle to go by. The roads were only 10 feet wide from one steep walled side to the other.

Finally we arrived at a small widened area and found the final sign telling of this ancient burial chamber.

A narrow pathway led us by a field of cattle and sheep to what was to be our first encounter with the spiritual side of Wales.

The chamber, now a memorial, stood overlooking a lush valley. A small river could been seen in the distance and there were hills in all directions. If I was going to be buried anywhere this would be an ideal peaceful site.

There were long stones, maybe 12 feet tall, standing upright with a large slab of stone sitting on top. Three upright stones supporting one massive slab. Sort of like a mini Stonehenge. It seemed to be beckoning us to find shelter under the massive stone lid.

My skin was feeling a bit tingly as we approached the monument. It was like being in a cemetery but more eerie. Kelly and I now stood under the stone lid and suddenly we heard voices. I looked at her and she returned my gaze.

The rain had turned to a drizzle and about 20 feet away a womans voice called out.

"I will have you now my dear." the radiant woman spoke

I am not too keen of suspenseful situations and now I was beginning to get frightened. Kelly touched my shoulder and I almost jumped out of my skin.

Look she said whispering softly.

In the mist I could make out a figure. It seemed to be a young man. He was dressed very odd. His clothing was ancient looking. His movements were smooth and quiet.

The womans voice called out again, she seemed to be calling for him.

He spoke up and asked her to show herself.

From behind a large bush a vision of beauty emerged with swirling mist and light.

Her body shone like these solar lights we all have in our gardens. Her hair was blond and flowing around her head in the light wind. She wore no clothing to cover her flawless body.

We were awestruck by what we were seeing. Kelly and I seemed to have entered a dimension of time of long ago while we stood under the chamber stones.

The man moved towards the woman and slowly began to disrobe himself of the tunic and pants that he wore.

Kelly's eyes were filled with awe as he turned to face us and she saw his long thick man sword hanging between his legs. The woman reached out and caressed the mans' shoulders and back with her slender hands.

We could sense the familiarity with which they now embraced each other. A secret tryst was taking place before us and it seemed as if they could not sense our presence.

We watched as they lowered themselves to the soft mossy ground in front of the chamber. Their kisses were passionate but gentle. They touched and stroked each other as if they were glass. Her body began to glow more and his body began to respond to the hands which fondled his manhood.

She laid back and spread herself to the sky. Her legs slightly bent and her arms outstretched to either side. Her breasts heaved and her nipples, engorged now, pointed to the heavens. I could feel my own cock straining in my shorts at this gorgeous sight before me.

Kelly whispered at me to sit down so we did. Holding each other as we watched the couple before us make love.

The man stood over the woman and with one hand he stroked his now rock hard cock while the other hand fondled his ball sac. There was a steady drip of fluid coming out of the 10 inch cock that he held.

He stroked long and firm as he looked down at his lover on the ground below him. She had spread her pussy open for him to see and her fingers pulled at her own small cock-like clit. Both of them were now moaning and breathing heavily as their bodies surged with erotic tension. 

She was first. Her orgasm came from deep within her body and erupted from her like a torrent. She screamed and thrashed her body as the powerful muscle contractions took over her. He smiled as he watched. His hand was busy jerking off a mighty cock and with a squeeze to his balls a stream of cum was unloaded onto the blond haired beauty laying on the grass. 

I have never seen this type of sex before and I was horny as a teen peeping in the girls shower room.

Kelly had a lustful look in her eyes as well. 

We could smell the sweet scent of body fluids from the couple we watched.

The man now lifted the woman onto her knees and her mouth opened up to devour his still hard cock deep into her face. I could see the thick cock as it was plunged in her throat. She had no problem thrusting the ancient sword down. Her hands squeezed his ass and held him deep.

His knees looked to be buckling and as she flexed her throat his cock throbbed and throbbed as it unloaded another course of cum.

She held him upright and removed his cock from her mouth. She turned and on her knees offered her juicy engorged pussy to the man now standing behind her. He spread her legs a small amount more and her womanly garden opened for his pleasure.

He touched the head of his cock to her opening and I could see her cunt contract open and close in anticipation. The lips of her swollen cunt seemed to reach out and grasp his cock. In one smooth movement he drove all of his love missile into her waiting love silo.

I watched intently. Kelly was breathing rapidly.

The couple fucked and fucked again. They seemed to have no end to their orgasms.

He was now rolling her over and lifting her legs to his shoulders. Her ass rose and her pussy pulsed with every heartbeat. Her puckered anus quivered and opened for his next target.

Slowly but with force he sank all 10 inches into her. Her body orgasmed and the muscles around his cock tightened their grip. I could tell his balls were touching her ass and I could see them squeeze tighter as they unloaded another course of cum into her ass.

When it seemed to be over, they moved slowly together and caressed each others bodies. Sweat covered them both. We could hear their breathing begin to slow. The aura of light around them began to soften.

The soft drizzle of rain was ending as we watched this couple shower each other with love. 

In a moment of sunshine breaking through the clouds in the heavens above the grass upon which they had laid was empty. There was only an impression in the soft mossy turf as evidence of their existence. 

The sun began to shine more brightly and in the distance Kelly and I could hear the sound of laughter. We looked at each other and hugged. The burial chamber had become a bed chamber for ancient souls to entertain themselves and reach the height of love in a world unseen.

Kelly and I embraced and held each other as we tried to fathom what we had just experienced.

Our vacation to Wales has had some exciting times so far and now this voyeuristic experience. We walked slowly back to our car hearts still beating a bit fast. Maybe from the sex scene or maybe from the close encounter with an ancient world.