 /*

Note: it may be a good idea to read Warlock's Tower chapter one to get to know characters, but it's not necessary. 

Happy reading!

-Xanach

*/

The warlock Grimbriar stood naked in his room. Jet black hair with streaks of sliver ran down his back. His face was hard like sculpted granite, and gray eyes set deep in his skull pierced anyone who looked him the face. His arms and chest were muscular, with magical runes tattooed sparsely in dark green ink. His penis, proud and sculpted like the rest of his body stood semi-erect despite being recently sucked dry by his newest concubine. 

His newest concubine, Bree, was sitting on the floor in front of him being attended to by another of his favorite girls, Maddy. The two girls were almost complete opposites of one another in terms of looks. Maddy was deliciously plump, with full breasts that hung higher on her chest. Her face was heart shaped and her skin was the color of milk. Long blonde hair fell halfway down her back, the same hue as summer hay.

Bree, by comparison was razor thin with tanned brown skin. Her breasts clung to her slender form like ripe pears on a tree. Dark areolae looked like circles of black ink on her body. Bree had a look of exhaustion on her face. She was slowly panting, causing her crown of raven black hair to bob up and down her shoulders. Maddy placed an arm around her, cradling the young woman as she fed her a greenish liquid from a clay cylix. 

"It's yarla tonic, sweetie," Maddy said. "It'll clam your nerves and restore some energy. It's a tea master Grimbriar makes from some of the ferns around here."

Bree nodded, and sipped the liquid slowly. As she did, Grimbriar saw some color return to her face and eyes light up. She looked so innocent, almost girlish lying in Maddy's arms. Just a few days ago, she had been living in a brothel, performing fellatio on sailors for mere coppers. But Grimbriar saw potential in her and negotiated Bree's purchase, very much against the girl's will. Grimbriar felt a twinge of guilt. In his heart, Grimbriar knew he took this girl form the only family she ever knew into a world she'd struggle to understand. People judge witches and warlocks so harshly, never for a second thinking of anything beyond their perception. 

Slowly, Grimbriar felt the guilt melt away. He had worked and studied hard to obtain the power he had. Why shouldn't he use it? Both Maddy and Kimmy were reluctant at first, but when they realized who he was, and what he was capable of doing for them, they accepted him. He knew Bree would feel same in time. 

Grimbriar's cock began to harden, as he set an erotic scene in his mind. "Maddy," he said in a deep baritone. "Why don't get up on the bed Bree? She looks much pinker after the tonic."

Maddy nodded and smiled slowly. She moved from behind Bree, helping the her to her feet. Bree wobbled on her legs for a minute, but with Maddy's help she was able to get up on the plush bed. Maddy laid Bree down in the crimson sheets.

"Straddle her." Grimbriar commanded, folding his arms across his chest. His penis was completely erect at this point, standing proudly and pointing toward the bed. 

Maddy kneeled on the bed at Bree's feet and slowly parted her legs, gently exposing her copper pussy to Grimbriar. Kneeling between Bree's knees, she slowly lowered her upper body until her hanging breasts meant with Bree's. She supported her weight on her elbows, taking pressure off the slim girl underneath her in a classic doggy position. She looked back toward Grimbriar and pouted while cooing. "We're ready for you, master."

Climbing onto the bed, Grimbriar planted and bent his legs between Maddy's and Bree's open thighs. In this position, he could fuck either girl's pussy just by moving his penis up and down and adjusting his weight slightly. Smiling, he began stroking Maddy's plush ass cheeks slowly. They felt as soft as cotton as smooth carved marble in his hands. Her perfect, creamy skin reflecting the room's candle light. "Oh, that feels good Grim." Maddy began to moan, and Grimbriar could see stubby pink tentacles begin to squirm their way out of Maddy's squeezed oozing cunt. Maddy began to pant, and bent her head down to kiss Bree fully on the mouth. Bree looked surprised at first, but slowly a look of satisfaction crept up her face. 

Grimbriar felt it was time, and aligned his throbbing penis with Maddy's opening. Pushing his hips forward, he slowly penetrated the pink pussy in front of him. He could hear Maddy cry out as she and Bree kissed passionately. Grim started to rock his hips, letting his cock rub against the walls of Maddy's vagina. In this position, she was tighter normal, and Grim could penetrate the entirety of his length. His entire cock felt like it was surrounded in squishy, pulsing flesh. 

Maddy broke off her kiss with Bree and began to cry out. "Oh, Master! It feels so good! Fuck my pussy, master Grimbriar! Fuck it deep and fast!" The blonde girl turned to Bree's face, panting and flushed. "Suck my tits, baby. Suck them like you would a cock." Bree had a look of blank disbelief on her face, but slid down the bed slightly to take one of Maddy's dangling nipples into her mouth. Maddy cried in pleasure. 

Grimbriar hastened his pace slightly, the sensitive underside of his cock rubbing against Maddy's entrance with each stroke. As he pushed in, he could feel one of Maddy's tentacles teasing the head of his dick. The feeling was incredible. Pushing all the way in, he felt one tentacle encircle his length, as a second managed to squirm out and tease his full testicles. Grimbriar never knew how Maddy was able to fit so many appendages inside such a tight pussy, be he didn't care. 

Maddy was panting hard now, her face completely red as Bree licked her breasts quickly and delicately. Her body bobbed back and forth with Grim's thrusts as she shouted in glee. Grimbriar seized Maddy's hips with his hard hands. He pumped faster, his dick sliding in and out as Maddy's juices spilled out staining the sheets below. The walls of her pussy contracted and relaxed, forming waves of sensation along Grimbriar's penis. He felt the tip of the tentacle in Maddy's pussy tickle him faster. Between his balls, he felt another tentacle rubbing and pushing on his sack. 

"Oh, god! Grim, I'm, I'm going to. I'm going to. OH GOD!"

Grim felt Maddy's orgasm as her vaginal muscles clenched and relaxed along his dick. The tentacles whipped and massaged the entire length of his penis. The feeling was almost too much, but he held on as Maddy came and screamed. 

The tentacles around Grimbriar's dick relaxed as Maddy's cries softened. He withdrew his swollen cock from the girl's pussy, his tip an angry red from the blood and pressure. He let the cool air touch it, calming his nerves and forcing him back to earth.  

"You're a lucky woman." Maddy panted at Bree. "Master Grim is, he's amazing." Grimbriar had already lowered his swollen penis toward Bree's virgin opening. Placing the palm of his hand on Bree's pubic mound, he messaged her labia with his thumb. 

"Oh! My god! No!" Bree screamed as Grim massaged her sensitive vulva. She squirmed and tried to shimmy away, but Grim increased the pressure on Bree's crotch and stopped her. "The time has come my dear. You will become mine." 

Bree tried to kick and flail her arms in escape, but she was still weak from earlier and her resistance was easily stymied by Grimbriar's strong hands. Maddy looked at the girl, placing her arms around her neck. "It'll be okay sweetie, hold onto to me if you want." Maddy lowered her upper body, letting her head fall on Bree's shoulder. Bree's slender tanned arms encircled Maddy's pale body, as resignation began to fall across her face. 

Grimbriar withdrew his thumb and positioned his cock head at Bree's entrance. Slowly, he leaned in, inexorably pushing past Bree's resistance. The tip slid in as Bree began to scream "Ah! Ah! It's! It's hurting!" Her brown eyes grew to the size of coins as she cried out. Grim leaned in further, slowly pushing his dick into Bree. The sensation was incredible. Bree's canal was tiny and untouched, he felt the muscles inside her confused as they twitched around his penis in every possible position. Bree was panting hard as Grimbriar finished buried his entire length into her, taking her virginity.

Grim paused for a minute, feeling the warmth and snugness of his new girl as she panted and dug her fingernails into Maddy's back. Maddy was whispering encouragements into Bree's ear, but Grimbriar didn't think she was listening. Slowly, he eased his cock back. Bree screamed as he moved.

"Grim! I! Ah AH!" Bree was panting and yelling in pain as Grim rocked back and forth. He began to feel sorry for Bree. His penis was severely engorged from fucking Maddy earlier. He could imagine Bree felt like she was being torn apart. Still, it was bound to happen sooner or later. Both Kimmy and Maddy had been through the same ordeal. 

Maddy's her plump ass was near Grimbriar's hands, so he grabbed the blonde girls hips and began to pump Bree deeper with increased leverage. Bree cried out at the increase in speed. Maddy continued to feed Bree words of encouragement. "That's it, dear. Hold on. Relax your muscles." Maddy took her left hand and began to softly touch and caress Bree's cheek, pink with stress and excitement. Kissing Bree's forehead, Maddy began to shake her ass under Grim's grip.

Knowing what Maddy was asking, Grim raised her pelvis with his hands. He lifted it to his chin, Maddy's leg's extending into glorious pillars of skin and sinew around Grim. He took his mouth and began to suck on Maddy's soaking vagina, slurping and licking greedily as he penetrated the girl beneath her. 

Maddy started to moan deep in her throat as Grimbriar sucked and kissed. She began to kiss Bree again, full on the lips closing her eyes in ecstasy. Bree closed her eye and slowed her breathing, but her muscles were still tensed in discomfort. The intense sensation of fucking his new virgin gave Grimbriar a surge of energy, and he ravished Maddy's pussy like a starved hound. The taste was exquisite, sweet and with a touch of salt from his own penis. At the same time, Bree's vagina was pushing and pulling his dick in twenty different directions a second. Grimbriar hadn't felt a virgin pussy in so long. He forgot how unique it was. Bree's vagina was burning hot, and the walls twitched and closed randomly. Each inch of his penis felt a different sensation on each thrust, confusing his mind and pushing pleasure up and down his body. 

Forcing his tongue rapidly across Maddy's clitoris, he saw the blonde woman break off her kiss and scream in orgasm. At the same time, he could feel his penis enlarge inside Bree. But Bree's walls were rigid and not accustomed to relaxing as Grim grew inside her. The force completely encircled his cock, making his spine ignite in sensation. He felt Bree's vagina tighten extra hard, and new this was it. 

Feeling a tingling in his balls, Grimbriar pushed as deep as he could. Bree shouted at the sudden intrusion, then cried out again as Grim's penis began to pulse hard "Oh! Ah! Ohhh!" 

Grimbriar's growl drowned out Bree's screeching as his cock began to come, pushing load after load of semen into Bree's virgin pussy. He felt his balls tingle as their load of cum was spent into a fresh vagina. More and more Grim came, until finally his penis began to deflate and slide out of Bree's pussy. Maddy rolled off the newly de-flowered Bree, and started to stroke her stomach. 

Dull gray semen and a trace of bright red blood pulsed out of Bree's vagina as Grimbriar looked down on her. Her eyes were slowly closing as she breathed heavily, a look of exhaustion and satisfaction written on her face. Maddy tenderly kissed the girl on the cheek. "You did excellent, sweetie. Master Grim was very pleased."

Grimbriar nodded and nudged Maddy to one side. He lied down between his two lovers, naked and glowing with sweat. Softly, he took Bree in one arm and rotated her sleeping form to lie on his chest. Maddy curled up to Grimbriar's free side, and soon the three entered a black satisfied sleep.