 The young mage sat by the campfire in her thin, white shift running her fingers over the intricate words in her spell book. The night air was crisp and tossed the long blonde hair that draped over her shoulders. The routine was calming to her. She found that it helped her mind release the haunting images she carried within her. She mumbled a word and delicately waved her hand practicing her art. Dirt crunched nearby signaling approaching footsteps. She broke her eyes from the lines and gazed upward and saw him standing close to her. He wore a loose white tunic dirtied from years of use and tight brown breeches that shaped his legs nicely. He shifted his weight anxiously. 

"I guess I don't really know how to ask you this," he sighed. She stood up, dropping the tome beside her.

"Ask me what? You're sweating! Are you alright?" She stared at him, confused. He wiped the glistening sweat from his brow, his hands folding over one another.

He chuckled shyly. "Yes...no...I mean...I'm fine. I just..." again he sighed. "You'd think this would be easier." He suddenly smiled brightening up his face, his blue eyes sparkling. His voice steadied finding a small ounce of confidence. "Every time I'm around you I feel like my head's going to explode, I can't think straight."

"I hope you mean that in a good way," she smiled trying to hide her anticipation and doubt.

"Hah. Yes...of course." He glanced down suddenly embarrassed by his awkwardness. He swallowed and once again gazed into her green eyes. "Being near you drives me crazy, but I can't imagine being without you. Not...ever. I don't know how to say this any other way. I want...I want to spend the night with you. Here in camp." He looked to the ground. "Maybe this is too fast, I don't know, but I know how I feel." His eyes held a vicious intensity she had never seen before. It took her breath away.

"I wanted to wait," he continued, "for the perfect time, the perfect place, but when will it be perfect? If things had been we wouldn't have even met." He boldly stepped forward closing the gap between them. "We sort of stumbled into each other and despite this being the least perfect time, I still found myself, falling for you. I don't want to wait anymore. I've...I've never done anything like this before you know that." 

She nodded, "I know, neither have I." He grabbed her chin with a single finger, his grin growing wider.

"I remember." His smile dimmed slightly. "I was just thinking, what if something were to happen to one of us, or both of us. I'd like to be able to say that I threw caution to the wind at least once in my life." She grabbed his hand and pulled it around her waist. She kissed him lightly, with unexpected audacity.

"I suppose that's a yes, then," he grinned. She smiled back.

"Yes."

Taking her hand the two walked over to her tent and pealed back the flap. The fire outside created a soft orange glow inside. Both their bodies were fraught with excitement. He cupped her face and leaned down to kiss her. Her unruly body drew closer, her hands tenderly placed on his chest. He released his hands from her face and slid them gently down her neck and over her shoulders. The loose shift gave way without complaint, sliding down her slim body exposing her fully. He stood back taking in her naked beauty.

"Maker, but you're beautiful," he smiled, his breath becoming heavy. His eyes focused on her young, supple breasts and he reached for them. He cupped one in each hand. Without hesitation he lunged for them, his mouth consuming the soft skin ravishingly. She gasped and smiled in delight feeling his touch on her. Her stomach jumped feeling a rising need inside her and a dampness between her legs. He licked her breast up to her neck kissing it passionately. He hugged her tightly bringing her body firmly against his. She moaned and let her fingers grab his hair. 

She reached down and tugged at his tunic and snuck her hands underneath feeling the beat of his heart in a furious rampage. He helped her pull the shirt over his head and threw it negligently to the ground. She looked down and saw the bulge in his pants. She swallowed down her apprehensiveness and reached for the leather strings that held the material together. His hot breath hit the back of her neck raising all the little hairs to attention. His hands reached for her head and he let his fingers entangle in her hair. Her inexperienced fingers fumbled feeling the pressure of his cock against them. After several fruitless attempts she finally loosened the strings, allowing the breeches to slide off. His smallclothes had been unable to fully restrain his growing manhood, its head peaking out over the waist band. She quickly slid off the waste of cloth freeing his erection fully. 

A hard quiver shook her body. She returned her eyes to her lover's face his eyes penetrating deep inside of her. He brought her face to his and kissed her hard. She grabbed the skin at his side, his muscles clenching, his cock pressing hard against her abdomen. He forced himself to let go and the two knelt to the ground.

She shuffled back onto her bed roll as he crawled on top of her, his eyes never wavering in intensity. She spread her legs and lay down her head his hand behind her. He maneuvered himself settling down just outside her throbbing slit. The head of his cock tickled her clitoris making her shiver. He grinned at her delight. He put his weight onto one side using his free hand to help guide him into her. He moaned as he slowly pushed into her depths, the warm slick skin of her cunt inviting. He pushed till he felt a slight resistance. She arched and moaned her body becoming uncontrollable. He returned her moan with a sigh, his eyes fluttering.

She grabbed his arms, her nails digging into his biceps. He rocked back and forth his cock almost slipping out, his moans growing louder till they become screams. She instinctively wrapped her legs around his waist. His momentum increased and his thrusts becoming harder. She screamed feeling a sharp pain stab through her. She rolled her head back grinding her teeth. Through the pain she could feel a heat rising. She had felt a similar wave on the few occasions that lent her the opportunity to touch herself, but as he pummeled inside she felt an intensity she had never known. The pain eased becoming a distant thing and she moaned again. Her hands gripped harder turning his skin red and blistered. He bent down to his elbows and let his hot body, slippery with sweat, smother her. 

Her eyes shot open as her insides burst and pulsated. Her breath became uneven with panic and pleasure. This was the satisfaction that she had always wanted, but could never find by herself. She screamed and her body convulsed becoming a disconnected being. He matched her scream and shouted her name the orgasm violently taking over his body. He sucked in air through his teeth and moaned again feeling the last drop of his seed spill out of body, painting the walls of her cunt and leaking out onto her thighs.

He crumbled to her side leaving a weary arm around her waist. They turned to stare at each other, their faces calm and still. After a long stretch of silence he chuckled.

"What?" She asked catching his laugh.

"According to all the sisters in the monastery I should have been struck down by lightening by now."

"Lightening...hmm?"

"Although," he stroked her cheek, "if you are to get struck afterwards, I don't see it as much of a deterrent." She could do nothing but giggle. He kissed her again and nuzzled her cheek. Her eyes closed, drifting off to sleep. He lifted himself onto an elbow watching over her as she dreamed. He stared enchanted by the rise and fall of her chest until he too could no longer resist slumber's call.