 Note: Thanks to all for the comments and words of encouragement! Once again, I'd suggest reading chapters 1 and 2 first. 

Please comment and vote if you please!

-Xanach



Kimmy sat on her bed bored. Her feet were flat on the deep crimson sheets, her legs bent upward supporting a leather bound book. The book was a collection of bawdy poems about of siren and a fisherman that Kimmy had found somewhere deep in one of Grimbriar's library. It had been translated by some long dead warlock, and not very well for that matter. To her right was a nightstand supporting a candelabra carved into the gaudy form of a naked woman, and a quarter full bottle of bloodwine. 

Kimmy reached over for the bottle and took a swig of the bloodwine. It had a tangy, fruity taste to it, and it made your mouth tingle and snap not unlike sparkling wine. She set the bottle back down and looked at the label. Grimbriar had bottled this particular batch five years ago. Kimmy knew it was made from some kind of berries that grew in the forest; she didn't think it actually contained blood. "Although," Kimmy thought. "The liquor is thick and bright red and even smells a little like blood."

Setting the bottle down, Kimmy looked around the room. The bed she was in was a large four poster, with sheets dyed deep crimson and large pillows coal black. The curtains around it were made from silk satin, and likewise dyed a dark red. It would provide Kimmy with a great amount of privacy, if she ever cared to use them. Her room was similarly designed, with red and black striped wallpaper and blue carpet so dark it may have been black. The room was large, and adorned with hardwood wardrobes, silver mirrors and gold gilded trunks.

Kimmy looked down at her book and sighed. It really was boring, even for a book of dirty poems. She was kind of mad Grimbriar had ran off with his new girl without inviting her. What was her name? Brigid Betsy? Either way, Kimmy was pissed. What did Grimbriar mean she came off as aggressive? She was a woman with a healthy sex drive that found both men and women attractive. It wasn't her fault Grim had bought some prude from butt-fuck nowhere.

Grimbriar had told her to find Mel instead of traumatizing the new girl. Easier said than done, Kimmy had spent almost three hours tearing through the tower's rooms looking for Mel without success. She was the kind of girl who could stay hidden if she really wanted to. 

Kimmy sighed and got out of bed, stretching her tall slender form. She knelt over one of her chests to find something to wear. Rummaging through, Kimmy found a black corset with matching satin panties cut just above her butt. They pinched her hips together and pushed her ass cheeks out scandalously. Moving to another chest, Kimmy began to sort through her footwear. She finally settled on a pair of sparkling silver high heeled boots that ran all the way up her thighs. Lacing them up, she thought about the new girl and how Grimbriar had probably deflowered her by now, maybe sucking up some of the girl's shyness at the same time. Finishing with the boots, Kimmy stood up and looked herself over in a nearby mirror. 

"I look hot." She thought. The corset pinched her hips concave, bending her curves almost impossibly. Her breasts jutted out like torpedoes, and her cleavage plunged inward threatening to swallow anything that came too close. Kimmy's legs were long and shapely inside the boots, the lacing and heels tensing her muscles and elongating her thighs. Already, she was feeling better. She walked out of her room, hoping to find Mel or possibly another book to read. 

Kimmy began to wander the hallways of the tower. They were long, twisty and all identical. Deep violet carpet covered the floor, and the walls were dim gray stone adorned periodically by gold candles. Plain wooden doors were spaced along the walls. Kimmy knew they were decoy doors. They had been enchanted by Grimbriar such that they would only lead back to the same identical hallways. It was a trick designed to confuse intruders, but Kimmy wasn't sure who the intruders would be. In her five years of living here, she had never even so much as a lost hunter show up at the tower. 

Just as Kimmy thought that, she heard a door close behind her. Spinning around surprised, Kimmy saw Grimbriar's new girl looking around the hall. She had wrapped herself in a white sheet, but was otherwise barefoot and naked. Kimmy looked at her closely. She was gorgeous, with copper colored skin and hair black as a crow feathers. Her breasts just slightly pushed the sheet wrapped around her naked form, and shapely smooth legs with toned calves jutted from the bottom of the sheet. She almost looked like an ancient goddess wrapped in a robe. The girl noticed Kimmy.

"Oh, thank god. I'm so lost. Each door I go through just leads to another hallway like all the others! Do you know how to get out of her?"

Kimmy looked at the girl, laughing inside. "Are you trying to escape?" she asked mockingly. The girl started to pout with a sullen look on her face. 

"Yes," she said quietly staring at her feet for a minute. "I. I miss my home and sisters."

Kimmy stood for a minute. This girl was clearly confused and scared. It would be easy to take advantage of that. Kimmy put her arm around the girl.

"You're probably freezing in that sheet. Would you like something warmer to wear? Miss?"

"Bree." The girl said. "Yes that would be nice, Kimmy? It's cold in this tower!"

"Kimmy. That's right." Kimmy said. "Walk with me, we'll find you a nice dress."

Kimmy took Bree by the hand and walked her through the twisting hallways, peering to her side occasionally to get a good look at Bree's face and figure. She was gorgeous, and Kimmy knew she had to have her. Kimmy felt through her hair, trying to locate a certain pin she always had to keep her hair in place. Feeling it, she smiled and looked over toward Bree. She was keeping an arm across her chest to keep the sheet in place, but was otherwise focused on the hallway.

"Poor girl doesn't know what she's gotten into." Kimmy thought. After a few minutes, she recognized one of the doors. 

"This must be a closet." Kimmy said, looking at the handle.

"But it looks like all of the other doors." Bree replied, staring at the handle as well.

"They're magic, remember?" Kimmy said. "Once you know the tower, or more accurately once the tower knows you, you can find your way really easy. Remember when you were trying to find a way out earlier and the hallway kept twisting on itself?"

Bree nodded, and her face gained a tint of red. Kimmy could tell she was still embarrassed. 

"The tower is enchanted. If you're an intruder, you'll just wander around forever. But if you belong in the tower, it will make sure you find the correct door." Kimmy turned the doorknob, and led Bree through. 

"But how does the tower know if you belong?" Bree asked. The room was dark and musty smelling. Kimmy fumbled for a gas lamp on the wall. She turned the wick upward and let it burn, and the room began to fill with light. 

"It's complicated," Kimmy said. "Ask Grimbriar or Mel sometime."

Kimmy looked around the room as the lamp lit it up. It wasn't so much a room as a giant closet. The side walls were lined with racks of dresses, blouses, skirts, robes and pretty much anything a girl could wear. Shelves on top of the rack were filled with every kind of shoe boot and slipper you could imagine. Chests on the floor were overflowing with hosiery, brassieres and panties. 

Bree looked around, her jaw completely agape. "Wow! What is this place?"

Kimmy walked around, admiring the gowns of silk, cotton, linen and every other fabric on earth. "It's our wardrobe, honey. Probably a little bigger than yours at the brothel?" 

Bree nodded, still taking in the closet. "I had three gowns I shared with the other girls my size. But this. Is it all for us?"

"Yep," Kimmy said. She sat down nearby plush chair adjacent to a liquor bar. "See if you can find something you like. Grimbriar's been collecting this stuff for a hundred years, there's bound to be something for you."

Bree began to pace up and down the long closet, picking up and putting back all of the gowns and dresses within. Kimmy searched bar and poured herself a glass of honey scotch. It was sweet and smoky, and the taste of the liquor made Kimmy's mind float on and relax. She was dimly aware of Bree grabbing various garments and running to the far end of the room where the wall was covered in a giant mirror, and changing into them behind a privacy screen. 

Kimmy's head was heavy with the scotch when Bree finally walked over. "How do I look?" She asked cheerfully.

Kimmy could see why Grimbriar liked her. She looked gorgeous in a teal blue gown which sparkled slightly in the dim lamplight of the closet. The dress was cut just above her knees, showing off her bare shapely legs. The top of her breasts and shoulders poked through the top of the dress. Kimmy felt her heart race and heat flood to her face. 

"You look hot, girl. Grimbriar is a lucky guy." Kimmy said. 

Bree smiled and picked up the nearby bottle. "What is this?" she asked. 

"Honey scotch," Kimmy said. She took the bottle from Bree's hands and poured two glasses. "Strong stuff, but smooth." So strong in fact, you couldn't tell if your drink had something special in it. 

Bree picked up the glass and took a sip. She retched and coughed at the strong drink, spraying some amber liquor on the table. Kimmy put a bare arm around her, picking up the glass with the other hand. "Go slow, honey. It's powerful stuff." She tilted the scotch into Bree's mouth. She swallowed uncomfortably. 

Bree's face began to flush, and beads of sweat started to gleam on the top of her breasts. Kimmy felt her crotch stir at the sight of Bree's tanned chest. She coughed daintily, lifting her delicate hands to her tiny pink lips. Kimmy's nipples began to harden uncomfortably beneath her corset. 

"How do you drink this stuff?" Bree spat. "It's like swallowing fire."

"Never had whiskey, girl?" Kimmy asked while standing up. She stood behind Bree and reached for the bottle. Pouring Bree another glass, she lowered her head onto Bree's shoulder, so their cheeks were almost touching. Using her left hand, Kimmy pulled the pin from her hair. She plucked the solid green head of the pin off the shaft, and quickly dropped into in Bree's drink. The pinhead dissolved in seconds in the golden liquid. Her brown hair tangled in Bree's black mane, Kimmy raised the glass to Bree's lips. 

"Inhale as you sip, and exhale as you swallow." Kimmy brought the glass up to Bree's lips, and gently tipped the honey scotch into Bree's mouth. Bree's eyes widened as she swallowed, and tears began to dribble down her face. 

"All done!" Kimmy squealed, setting the glass down on the table. Bree's breasts were heaving beneath her teal dress. The pinhead was doing it's trick. Of course, it wasn't a pinhead at all. It was a bit of nightleaf, crushed and dried for maximum potency. Too much of it could put Bree out for days, but the little bit Kimmy added to the scotch would only be enough to weaken Bree. Significantly. Kimmy poured herself a second glass, and began to speak softly into Bree's ear.

"I wasn't lying when I said that dress looked hot on you. You turn me on Bree. I can't stop thinking about tearing off that brand-new teal fabric and sucking on your tits all night."

Bree shifted her head slowly to look at Kimmy. She was breathing heavily, and her eye lids were growing heavy. 

"Too much to drink, Bree?" Kimmy said with a laugh. Nobody could drink that much honey scotch her first time and hope to control their body. And with the nightleaf? Game over. Even Maddy would have passed out from two glasses of the stuff. "It's okay, baby. I'll take you someplace where you can sleep it off. Of course, I think I'll have my way with you first."

"Nooo." Bree slurred and tried to stand up. Her long legs wobbled underneath her, and she began to list over as Kimmy stood up and caught her in her long arms. Bree spun in mid-fall, and her tits brushed against Kimmy's. Kimmy kept Bree from toppling over, but not before her face planted between Kimmy's cleavage. 

"Oh, that's it girl." Kimmy said raising her head. She wrapped her hands around the back of Bree's head and pushed it into her breasts. "Oh, we're going to have so much fun tonight."

Bree hardly responded. She could have suffocated there between Kimmy's tits had Kimmy not scooped Bree up into a bridal carry. Kimmy could feel wetness oozing out of her panties and down her thighs as she carried a semi-conscious Bree from the closet and into the hall. Kimmy was so horny she didn't care where she was going. She opened the first door she could find, daintily turning the handle while supporting Bree and kicking open the door to find...

...A reading room! Tall skinny bookshelves lined the walls, along with one or two small study desks between them. And in the center of the room was just was Kimmy needed. A nice big floral print couch. Perfect for fucking! Kimmy walked over and dropped Bree on the couch. The poor girl was still panting and tossing her head side to side. 

"So lover, where should we start?" Kimmy cooed as she began to undo her corset. Pulling the black string in back her giant chest began to push the tight leather forward, until it all fell from her body like rain from a rooftop. She pulled down her underwear, now dark with moisture. The boots stayed on though, tensing her muscular calves and pushing her exposed ass high.

Bree lifted her head up. She was still weak, but Kimmy could see her body was fighting off the nightleaf. She was tough. "Please. Kimmy. Let me go. Grim will be upset if."

"Grimbriar has already fucked you senseless." Kimmy said. "He has your virginity. Oh, I may get chewed out for this. I get chewed out a lot," Kimmy walked over to the couch and straddled Bree, her dripping pussy dangling over Bree's delicate neck. "But we're doing this. Now, lick it."

Bree's eyes were still looked mostly vacant, but Kimmy could see the resistance in them. "I'm sure you've serviced women before in your old job." Kimmy said. Bree nodded slowly. "Only a few times though. I never. I never thought I was that good at it."

"Good at it?" Kimmy thought to herself. She was so horny a stable boy who'd never seen a tit in his life could have gotten her off at this point. Why is this whore so shy? "Lick it." she said to Bree.

When Bree shook her head, Kimmy had enough. "I said lick it, whore!" She grabbed Bree's hair with both of her hands and shoved her head into her labia. Bree squirmed, but the nightleaf and honey scotch still had her weakened, and she couldn't get away from Kimmy grasp. Finally, Kimmy felt a soft wet probing at her entrance. She sighed and relaxed her back, letting the sensations travel up her spine. "Oh, there you go girl." She cooed at Bree. 

Bree kept lapping at Kimmy's cunt. Slowly at first, but gradually building speed as her pink tongue probed each of Kimmy's folds. Kimmy felt amazing. The sensations washed over her igniting her skin and tits. She felt Bree begin to struggle, and Kimmy relaxed her grip. Bree's head shot back, and she started to pant for breath. 

"What do you mean you're no good at it?" Kimmy bent down toward Bree's face. She could see her vaginal juices covering it like a coating of glaze on a pot. "I dare say you are a natural, Bree!" Kimmy scooched further up so her cooter was level with Bree's mouth. Shifting her body upright, she lowered herself onto Bree's face.

"Oh, baby that's it." Kimmy moaned. Her hands creeped up her sides to her breasts, and she began tweaking her nipples and groping her flesh as Bree's tongue slid across her pussy. Bree didn't seem to need to much encouragement in this position. Her tongue probed and licked each nerve on Kimmy's labia. She was certainly inexperienced, but Kimmy's pussy never knew what to expect. Kimmy began to grind back and forth on Bree's face, her toned leg muscles tensing and relaxing under the silver fabric of her boots. Her breasts heaved as Kimmy bent forward, letting them dangle and swell with blood like ripe fruits on a tree. Her pussy was on fire now, and leaking enough fluid to begin staining the couch. 

Kimmy pushed her thighs up slightly to give Bree some air. "Bree. I. Want." Kimmy started to pant. "You to lick. My clit. You. Know. Where to. Find it. Right?" Bree didn't answer, she just stuck her tongue out to the apex of Kimmy's pussy and started licking slowly. Kimmy screamed in pleasure. The nerves on her clitoris fired all at once, sending shock waves up and down her slender body. Sweat poured down her pale skin and grapefruit shaped tits. "Oh, god!" Kimmy screamed. "That's, it Bree."

Kimmy felt her clit growing. First slowly, just as the blood began to pulse. But it sped up. The harder and faster Bree licked the harder and faster Kimmy rocked her pelvis back and forth, slowly raising her hips as the top of her pussy grew. It stretched out 4, 5, 6 inches until finally.

"Oh my God! What the fuck is that!" Bree screamed. Kimmy looked down as the skin began to harden at a 9 inch penis hanging where her pussy was. The transformation ceased with a satisfying plop as two engorged testicles squeezed out her vagina. "You like it?" Kimmy asked, waving it in front of Bree's face. "Master Grimbriar gave it to me as a gift for loyal service." She waved the phallus in front of Bree, whose wide brown eyes instinctively followed the angry red head of the cock. 

Kimmy stood up, her long legs stretching as her cock shot straight up. It rubbed against her taut tummy, ending just below the bottom of her tits. "Now," Kimmy said, bending her face over to Bree's "You're going to suck it."

Bree didn't say anything, just sat up and shook her head. She tried to run from the couch, but her legs wouldn't work and Kimmy easily pushed her back down from her shoulders. Bree was now sitting on the edge of the couch, Kimmy's hands pinning her down by her shoulders. Kimmy moved her cock up to Bree's lips, it's angry red head rubbing against Bree's pink lips. 

"Suck my cock, whore!" Kimmy yelled. When Bree opened her mouth to protest, Kimmy jammed her dick in, pushing past Bree's resistances until the tip of her penis met the back of Bree's throat. Bree's eyes opened wide at the invasion, She tried to scream, but couldn't get any sound past Kimmy's invading dick. Kimmy grabbed the back of Bree's head with her hands. "I'll face fuck you if I have to, slut. I know you've sucked dick before, and I'm sure you've had some nastier than mine," Kimmy slid her penis out a little bit, and Bree sucked in a bit of air. "Why don't you go along with it Bree? Make this easy on you."

Bree didn't answer, she just began darting her tongue along Kimmy's cock, just as she was taught to do. "Oh, that's it bitch." Kimmy moaned. "Lick my giant girl cock. I'll fill your stomach with cum."

Bree moved her lips up and down Kimmy's shaft, making sure her tongue rubbed each bump and vein of the penis. Kimmy felt her cock ignite. Bree was soft and methodical. She sucked all the right points and licked the entire surface dutifully. Heat and pressure enveloped Kimmy's dick. She could feel the cum churning in her balls, aching to explode. Bree increased her pace slightly, and slowly cupped Kimmy's massive balls with her small hand. "You are on good cocksucker, Bree!" Kimmy said. Her dick was getting slimy and slippery with all of Bree's spit covering it. Bree slowly pulled her head back and Kimmy's glistening cock popped out touching the cool air. 

Bree sat back on the couch, her copper tits heaving under the blue fabric and she panted. "I hope I'm pleasing you, mas- mistress." She said tripping over the syllables. 
