 A rusty cart creaks it's way through the forest, pulled by a worn out mule. It slowly creeps through twisted and knobby trees, the only sound interrupting the squeaking of the rust wheels is the quiet sobbing of it's passenger. She's in the pack of the cart, softly crying into her knees as she sits on the rough wooden floor of the cart. Iron bars line all four sides and support a black roof surrounding the purchased slave. An old man leading the mule smiles under his hood. His hands are wrinkled and spotted, but adorned with rings of emerald and garnet. He carries a walking stick in one, stabilizing the limp in his exhausted knees. Breath comes and goes in rasps and wheezes during the trek. 

The old man looks back at the girl he's purchased, and thinks back to two days ago when he first saw her in Cunport's red light center. She was sitting by the window, wearing a white bustier and a simple ocean blue silk skirt. Her skin was flawless, and tanned slightly. She looked at the passersby with eyes shaped like almonds containing pools of dark brown. Lips pouting and plumped with rosy lipstick indicated she was for hire for oral only, and a virgin. 

She had caught the old man's eye as he was in town stocking up on supplies for the quickly approaching winter. He had thought she would make a fine gift for his son, who had been doing well recently and deserved something his hard work. At least, that's what the man told the madame of the brothel. At first she was hesitant. Bree was a very talented girl and was earning the shop a fair bit of coin, but once the man gave the madame two small vials containing a thick purple fluid with the promise of four more, she decided Bree was much more expendable. 

"Something you learn early as a warlock, " the old man thought as he continued to pace along the cart. "Money isn't everything to some people." The sky was getting darker as the pathway through the woods began to narrow and the trees started to grow thicker. They were almost home now. Bree's sobbing began to grow louder. The old man stopped the cart and walked back to the girl.

"My dear, why are you crying? Can't you see I'm taking you to my home? That you will be well fed and cared for?"

Bree looked up from her slouch. Her beautiful eyes were puffy from crying, and she wore a simple white cotton dress the brothel had given her, keeping the rest of her fine clothes. "You. You took me from my home. My friends. Please, let me go back, mister, mister?"

"Grimbriar at your service." The old man took a bow, letting sliver hair fall from his hood. "And I assure you, sweet Bree that you will make many friends at my home. My house staff will treat you like royalty. Surely it can't be worse than a brothel girl?"

Bree posted a mask of defiance on her face. "I may have been a whore, Grimbriar, but I had my freedom! Freedom to talk all night with the other girls, to take my customers on walks by the docks at night, to flirt with the sailors who came in to town." She kicked the bars of the cage. "Maybe I couldn't leave the city, but I'll take it's stone bricks to your gilded cage." She sat back down on the cart, folding her arms across her chest. She started to shiver as more tears fell down her cheek. 

"Give me your hand, child." Grimbriar said reaching between the bars. Reluctantly, Bree stuck a hand out and Grimbriar grabbed it. Muttering some words under his breath, he send a jolt of warmth into Bree's blood. She gave a startled look, but stopped shivering. "We will be home soon." 

After another hour of traveling the light had completely drained from the forest. Grimbriar and Bree stopped at the front door of a decaying circular stone tower. The roof was badly damaged with entire rows of shingles stripped bare. Ivy and moss climbed the black bricks all the way to the top. Grimbriar unlocked the gate. "We're here my love." he said, reaching his hand out. 

Bree looked apprehensive, like she was deciding whether or not to make a run for it. It didn't look like Grimbriar could even catch her at his age. "Where would yo go dear?" He asked, as if hearing the conflict in her head. A wolf's howl pierced the night. Reluctantly, Bree got up and took Grimbriar's hand. The couple made there way to the front door. 

"What about the mule?" Bree asked. "Surely, it needs to be stabled?" 

Grimbriar looked around. "He'll figure it out," He said, while opening the plain front door to the tower. "He's smarter than he looks."

Bree looked back at the old thing. "Certainly doesn't look like it."

"I hope he didn't hear you say that. That mule has one short temper." He led Bree into the tower, which opened into a very comfy looking parlor. Red carpets lined the floor and dark maroon and red tapestries hung from the stone walls. Hundreds of candles hung from the ceiling chandeliers and walls, giving the parlor a welcoming glow of warmth and comfort. A suit of armor stood at the base of a wide carpeted staircase, which led higher up the tower. 

Grimbriar removed his hood, revealing a bald head speckled with liver spots and circled with long white hair hung down below his shoulders. He shook his head and shuddered. Slowly, the long strands of white hair thickened and darkened. New follicles of hair sprouted from his bald crown as spots and warts vanished. Grimbriar's wrinkled skin began to tighten into a luminescent ivory. His fingers straightened and the stoop in his back straightened. 

"Much better," Grimbriar said in a deep baritone. He looked easily fifty years younger now, with midnight black hair and dark, foreboding eyes. Large biceps were visible through the sleeveless black undershirt her wore. "These disguises are a necessary, but inconvenient encumbrance when you're in my profession."

Bree stood with her mouth open and eyes wide open. "You're... you're..."

"A warlock my dear," Grimbriar finished for her. Bree's expression didn't change, but Grimbriar sensed a feeling of horror in the girls young mind. "I assume they told you all sorts of vile things about us in your village?"

Bree tried to speak, but couldn't find the words. She finally managed, "They. They. They say you cavort with daemons! And, and sacrifice children! You can control savage beasts and warp the minds of people!" She began to back away from Grimbriar toward the door, horror in her voice. 

Grimbriar placed his strong hands on the girls shoulder's, looking into her eyes of swirling brown. "I assure you milady, those are falsehoods. I am no different from a cobbler, blacksmith or street whore. We all have our duties, and our desires." With that, he planted a strong kiss on Bree, plumbing his tongue deep into her gaping mouth. Passion flowed from his lips as Bree silently cooed, her legs starting to sway under her. Grimbriar felt her heart accelerate, and placed his arms around her shoulders. He drew her close, comforting her in his strong arms. He felt Bree tremble under his grasp as a shrill voice broke their kiss.

"Grimmy!" Grimbriar turned around to see two beautiful young women bounding down the stairs. The lead girl was a brunette with ample, globular breasts pushing out her blood red robe. She had bright blue eyes, and long slender legs. Following her was a girl slightly plumper than the brunette, but she had golden blonde hair and an angelic face. Her round tits rested high on her chest, seductively pushing out the snow white robe she wore around her body. 

Grimbriar opened his arms as the two gorgeous women ran toward him. "Kim! Maddy! How marvelous to see you!" The two girls nearly knocked Grim over as they approached either side of him. They began to kiss all up and down his body, gyrating their curves up and down his arms and legs. He felt the blonde's tongue drill into his ear, sending sparks down his back. 

"Girls! Girls!" He said. "Show some manners, and say hello to our new resident." The two girls stopped their assault on the warlock long enough to cast glances at the now confused looking Bree. 

"I'm Maddy!" The blonde said, bouncing on the balls of her feet, her breasts shaking in her robe.

"And I'm Kim," The Brunette purred. She lowered her gaze slightly staring right into Bree. "Cat got your tongue?" 

"Uh, I'm Bree," Bree said, shaking her head. Kim and Maddy moved to either side of her, she spun her head around trying to keep track of the two. "What exactly do you two do here?" 

"We see to master Grimbriar's needs." Kim said, as she inspected the rear of Bree. "And provide companionship," Maddy added, putting her hands on Bree's shoulders and looking her in the eyes. "It appears Kim," Maddy said. "That master Grim has provided us with a pet." She winked at Kim.

Kim grasped the back of Bree's dress, and in one swift motion ripped the cloth from her body. Bree squealed as her tan body was exposed. Her firm, apple sized breasts began to flush red as her nipples stiffened with the cold air. She desperately attempted to cover her groin with her hands. 

"Ha! A shy hooker! This is a first." Kim laughed. Maddy kneeled down to take a close look at her pussy. "She's shaved clean, boss! Can I have a taste?" 

Grimbriar looked at the scene, three gorgeous women ready to ravish on another. He could already feel his erection tenting against his trousers. "Ladies, Bree and I have had a long day," He turned to Kim. "Kim, why don't you go see what Mel is up to? I haven't heard from her since I left."

Kim pouted. "Aw, she's no fun! I wanna play with the new girl!" She gave Bree a firm smack on her right ass cheek, causing Bree to scream and a dull red mark to form. 

Grimbriar looked at Kim. "You can play with her later, right now, I think Mel would enjoy you more." Kim looked a little big dejected, but obediently left the parlor through a side door. 

Grim turned to Maddy. "Why don't we retire to my bedchambers, and the three of us can kiss each other goodnight? I know Bree would be very excited to get to know you." 

Maddy smiled warmly, and grabbed Bree's arm. She began to drag Bree up the stairs, following Grim and whispering in Bree's ear as they walked. 

At last, the threesome came to a plain door which opened into Grimbriar's chambers. A large four post bed covered in crimson silk sheets dominated the center of the room, with long exotic tapestries lining the walls. Mirrors covered the entire ceiling, which reflected the dim light at many odd angles. Maddy walked to the left corner of the bed, and began to remove her robe. 

Grimbriar's erection poked hard on his trousers as he took in the two beauties. Maddy was like a fertility goddess come to life in his room, with a heart shaped face and full shapely hips. Her breasts were enormous, each easily the size of a ripe melon, but perked high on her chest by some unnatural force. Maddy had blue eyes which reflected the soft light of the room at odd angles, shimmering like miniature sapphires. Bree was almost the complete opposite. Shorter than Maddy, she had a certain girlish innocence to her that had attracted Grim. Even her breasts looked like they were still growing, though their handful size certainly went well with Bree's slender figure. Bree had chocolate colored eyes and caramel hued skin. He knew he had made a wise purchase. 

Maddy shimmied over to Bree and began to rub her naked body. She turned her head to Grimbriar and bit her lower lip. "So, Grimbriar. How do you want us?" she purred. 

Grim removed his shirt, letting his muscular chest hit the cool air. He pulled his pants down, and his erect cock bounced free tasting the sweet air. "Why don't you two come down here and suck me off? Little Bree has quiet the reputation as a cocksucker." 

Bree stood in the corner of the room, staring at her feet motionless. Maddy left Bree's side and walked over to Grimbriar. 

"Grimbriar, maybe you should give us girls a few minutes. Bree's spent her life in a whorehouse, she'll probably open up to another girl."

Grimbriar nodded, his cock bouncing slightly. Maddy walked back to Bree, and began to whisper to her. 

At first, Bree didn't change her expression, but slowly Grimbriar saw a smile begin to crack along her face. In a few minutes, she and Maddy began to giggle at small jokes. Grimbriar sat on the bed, watching the two ladies chat on the other side of the room. He knew Maddy's sweet nature would help ease Bree into the household. He once again thanked himself for having the foresight to send Kim away. She was a little bit... aggressive. 

After almost a half hour of discussion, Bree began to walk slowly toward Grim and kneeled in front of him. Blood rushed to Grimbriar's cock as Maddy's sweet face looked up at him with wide eyes.

"Master Grimbriar, Maddy has told me that you are kind and generous to your servants. She told me how you rescued her," Grimbriar looked over at Maddy, who had a concerned look on her face. Bree continued. "She told me you've given her many gifts for her loyal service. And how you were always kind to her."

Bree stopped talking and stared directly into Grimbriar's eyes. He felt her small hands envelop the head of his dick, and Bree shyly began to stroke up and down. She looked up at Grim with pleading eyes, the gentle tugging on his member making Grim sigh with pleasure. He stood up on his feet, towering over the petite girl working his cock. It was familiar territory for Bree, what she had done in the brothel for years and likely what her mother had done. Still, she was well trained. 

Maddy began to slowly crawl toward Grim and Bree in a zigzag, careful to shake her ass each time it turned to face Grimbriar. She oozed sex as her curvy form found it's way next to Bree between Grimbriar's legs. Bree was still stroking, although her pace had quickened and her face had taken on a pout, almost asking for Grim to ejaculate over her entire body. Maddy took a kneeling position, and grabbed the base of Grimbriar's cock with her left hand.

"I think it's time you show your new master what you can do." Maddy said softly looking at Bree. Sheepishly, Bree opened her gorgeous mouth and wrapped her pink lips around the head of Grim's dick. Grim moaned in passion, feeling Bree lightly suck at his most sensitive spot. A shy tongue darted around the underside of Grim's penis, making him rock his hips involuntarily. Slowly, Bree slid her mouth down his member. Grimbriar felt inch by agonizing inch disappear into Bree's silky, hot throat. His balls felt ready to explode, but he held back. Bree continued by bobbing her head seductively, making sure to drag her tongue along the entire length of Grim's penis with each motion. 

Maddy knelt down and began to finger her pussy with her other hand. Grimbriar could see fluid leaking out as Maddy's fingers made sloshing sounds as they moved in and out. She quickened her pace, and soon two pink, thin, appendages began to emerge from her cunt. They were about as big around as a pinky finger, and darted in the air back in forth like tiny hummingbirds. As they snaked their way up from Maddy's pussy they stood straight up in the air, with rounded tips bent downward slightly so they looked like long earthworms. The pussy tentacles snaked their way up towards Bree's face as if they had a mind of their own. 

Bree screamed when she saw the odd pinkish staring her in the face, forcing Grim's cock to hit the cool air with a bounce. "Maddy, you didn't, you didn't tell me. What's happened to you? What are those?" Bree shouted.

Maddy reclined backward, releasing Grim's cock and supporting her weight on her hands while exposing her groin to the air. The tentacles were fully outstretched now, and each one was nearly 3 feet long. They swished and wiggled in the air like a vine caught in a stiff wind. "Mmm. It's a gift from master Grimbriar. See, my little pussy has a bit of a mind of it's own. I can change the feeling, tightness or texture of it anytime I wish. But sometimes, if I get really turned on, well, even I'm not totally sure what she'll conjure up!"

Grimbriar saw Bree staring at the appendages, her mouth half open. "They seem to like you!" Maddy said cheerfully. "Sometime I'll let you lick my pussy, I'm sure she'll like that as well," As if it was agreeing, Maddy's labia flexed in an out. "But now I think I have other plans." With that, the two tentacles darted toward Grim's engorged cock, and wrapped themselves around like a spring coil. "Mmmm. Master Grim your dick feel good on my pussy-probes." She turned to Bree "Ooooohhhh, they're 10 time as sensitive as my clitoris. Suck your master's dick, Bree. Someday he may bestow such a gift on you." Maddy straightened herself up, and gently guided Bree's open mouth back to Grimbriar's tool. 

Bree looked a little spooked, but accepted Grimbriar's cock deep into her throat. He felt her throat relax as the entire length of his penis disappeared into her throat. Bree didn't gag, she was a professional at this. She moved her tongue lazily along Grimbriar's full member, warm saliva sticking to it. Gently, Bree sucked and released causing Grimbriar's nerves to pulse. 

"Aw, now that's nice." Grimbriar moaned, putting his hands behind his head. Bree was working her head up and down his cock, a little faster than before and with slightly more urgency. Maddy's tentacles constricted and relaxed along the length of his dick, sending sparks up his spine. All the nerves on his penis were on fire, and the frightened look in Bree's eyes as she frantically moved her head up and down made it more powerful. He felt something smooth move across his balls. Looking down he saw Maddy licking his testicles slowly, savoring each taste of his sack. She moaned as her tongue slowly worked each ball, as well as probing the space between them. "Ohh, Grim. I can feel you cock on my pussy tentacles. I feel little Bree sucking on them, and moving her tongue along their sensitive surface." She began to pant as she resumed licking his testicles fervently. 

Grim couldn't take it anymore. He grabbed Bree's head and pushed it so his cock went deep into her throat and started cumming like a hose. Maddy's tentacles squeezed his dick every time it contracted, pumping cum out of him like a milker. He felt spurt after spurt of sticky ejaculate force his way from his dick and deep into Bree's little throat. She was a pro, and at first was able to swallow the torrent of cum. But eventually, it started to build up in her throat, forcing her to release Grim's penis. A ball of spit and cum clung to her chin as more cum from Grim's massive dick showered onto her face. She closed her eyes' right as another wad landed on her forehead. The cum out of Grimbriar's dick weakened to a small drizzle as he looked at Bree's beautiful humiliated form. 

Maddy uncoiled the tentacles from her pussy and moved them over to Bree's face, where she began to gently lick and suck off the remains of Grimbriar's money shot. She moved behind Bree and began to massage her shoulder's gently. "You shouldn't have been so rough with her," Maddy said. She wrapped her arms around Bree in a sisterly hug. "She's had a rough day." Maddy's tentacles finished cleaning off Bree's face, and began to slowly withdraw back into her cunt. 

Grimbriar looked around the room. "I wasn't the one that bared her sentient pussy." He looked down at Bree who hadn't said anything yet. She looked used and dejected, and a steady mark of disbelief covered her face. "Maddy, thank you for your tenderness," she flicked a tear off of her cheek. "But I'm not prepared for what is going on here. Master Grimbriar, would you please return me to Cunport and my sisters?" 

"Maddy, why don't you get Bree some Yarla tonic?" Grimbriar said. Maddy stood up. She walked to the other side of the room and opened a large cabinet. 

Grimbriar got down on the floor and embraced Bree. "I'm afraid I can't do that Bree. I paid handsomely for your virginity, and I plan on collecting on it. I told you you will like it here, you just need to give it some time. I know things are... different than you expect, you just need to adapt."
