 Slipping in and out of warp three times rapidly in a single minute, it was said, could create an intense emotional response in humans. There was a whole lot of scientific "evidence" to support the theory but no one had really debunked this particular myth. Lyn and Jon were prepared to do just that. As freelance galactic reporters they often researched and debunked myths about travel in space, different species or anything else that frightened humans. After all, their stories always sold copies because humans loved to be frightened and loved to laugh at others for being frightened. 

Whatever the cause, they had researched the records, spoken with doctors and even talked to several experienced space travelers and found that there is really no basis for this particular myth. So here they were sitting in a rented Ford "Pterodactyl". This hot machine was the space travel equivalent of a convertible with a clear dome and an engine that could outrun most security forces. They strapped themselves in, turned on the cameras and recorders and prepared to debunk another myth. They only hoped they could make it exciting enough to sell copy. 

Jon winked at the camera as he narrated the myth, what they were about to do and revved up the engines. The simulated noise of an engine filled the air. After all, in space there was not really any sound but for some reason humans would not buy a quiet engine in a speedster. So for this vehicle the dry sound of the computer saying "hyper drive preparation commencing" had been replaced with a revving sound recorded from an ancient engine called a V-9 or something like that, Jon did not remember his history all that well. He only knew that the sound meant they were about ready to go hyper drive. 

He found himself getting a little nervous and excited even though he knew the myth was just a bunch of crap spewed about the galaxy to scare everyone. Still, he had heard it so often that deep inside him a part believed. He only hoped that belief would show in the cameras. 

They were off. As they sped up to warp speed they felt the familiar tingle like a mild electric shack as they passed into the warp stream. The dizzying colors filled the canopy as the brakes were applied and they dropped back out of the stream then the tingle as they bumped in again. Jon could swear the second time was a little more intense feeling than the first; it had almost hurt. 

As they dropped back out of the warp stream the second time the colors seemed more intense and he felt a little queasy. Before he could focus again they were back accelerating into the stream. He managed to look over at Lyn; she seemed a little upset by something but before he could think about it any more they were accelerating for the last time. 

As they entered the warp stream the third time, the electric shock he had felt before jolted him into numbness. The colors of the warp stream had changed. The intense colors that had seen every other time were almost solid and seemed to be wrapped around the ship. Instead of the deceleration, Jon expected what he saw made his mouth drop in disbelief. 

Lyn was getting up out of her chair and her clothes at the same time. It was almost as if her spirit was leaving her body but it was solid and looked like her skin even if it did have a funny glow around it. She floated up and turned to face him. She was totally nude and floating in front of him. Her nipples were hard he gazed in wonder at her freshly shaved lips glistening in excitement. 

She floated in front of him and lowered herself to just above his lap. Still numb and unable to move from the last warp entry Jon could only watch in wonder and growing excitement. Lyn reached toward his lap and parted his clothes like they not real. She simply peeled his clothes away from his body like an orange. Each place they separated glowed like the weird glow around her body. 

He noticed the glow right before she bent down and put him fully into her mouth. At which point he could think of nothing else but the incredible sensations she was giving him. His cock felt like it had never felt before. Her hot mouth engulfed his manhood with an electric tingling sensation together with the feeling of her tongue and lips and hands all rubbing him into a frenzy of sex. Soon he was moaning but no sound came from his still immobile body. 

She began to suck him harder while her hands massaged his balls with the same electricity that her mouth had. The sensation was overwhelming as he began to feel the orgasm quickly building inside him. She sucked him still harder as one hand wormed its way between his legs and a finger began to probe his ass. The electric feeling entered him without pain but the pleasure it made was almost too much to take. She touched her finger to inside him leaving the electric feeling there while her other hand stroked and her mouth sucked. All the sensations were too much and he began to cum shooting stream after stream into her mouth. She drank it all down, smiled up at him and closed his pants back around his now flaccid cock. His pants sealed where they had split and left no indication they had ever separated. Lyn floated back over to her chair and sat back in her body. 

From Lyn's perspective the third entry was different.

As soon as they entered the warp stream the third time, Lyn felt the electricity cover her body and she was instantly unable to move. She could still see Jon and could tell that he too was immobile. Then she saw him get up from his body. His naked chest was first to show from his body followed by the rest of his body. She gazed at his form as he turned and floated towards her. His cock stood straight out from his body, rock hard. His whole body seemed to be covered with a strange glow. 

As she watched him hover closer to her, she began to feel excited. He quickly lowered himself between her legs and began to peel her clothes away from her body. He lifted her numb legs and positioned them up and spread wide apart. Soon her opening was completely exposed to him. He lowered his face and began to lick her. Each touch of his tongue brought an electric shock to her that was filled with sexual energy. Soon she was moaning in pleasure as he licked her slit up and down with his electric tongue. 

He pushed a finger of one hand inside her and the electric sensation filled her with pleasure. Then he sucked her clit into his mouth and she exploded in orgasm. Still he licked and sucked and ran his finger in and out of her. She came again and still he would not stop. His electric mouth shot wave after wave of pleasure through her clit exploding inside her body as she coated his finger with her cum. 

Finally he stopped and put her clothes back together. Then he floated back into his body. 

They decelerated after being in the warp stream only a few seconds the cameras would later show. Obviously the myth that humans would get an emotional response from three times in a warp stream was total bunk. Jon smiled to himself as he finished his declaration for the cameras and posted the story off to the editor. Then got up and looked at Lyn longingly as they walked out of the studio. The cum drying on his legs was a reminder to himself of something but who would believe it?