 You wake at the sound of sandaled feet on stone. The sun enters the Warmaster's chambers through large windows and splashes across the bed of furs.

"Good morning kajira."

You hear the voice of the woman who instructed you to obey the Warmaster. A smile crosses her face, but the envy is still obvious in her eyes. A young woman is at her side holding a purple robe.

"Come, we must prepare you for his return and your marking."

With that, the woman pulls back the furs and exposes you, before pulling you to stand. You feel a small trickle escape your asshole and too late remember your instruction. You hear the woman utter a tut as she inspects the furs.

"I fear the marking may be a harder experience than was intended."

Suddenly she slaps your ass and you lose your control. More of the Warmaster's cum drips from your ass. The woman cackles and runs her finger along your asshole before taking her finger in her mouth. The young woman then dresses you in the robe and guides you through a hidden door into a dark corridor.

You emerge from the corridor into a luxurious bath house, steam billowing throughout the room. You can make out the vague shapes of figures moving in the room. Your robe is pulled from your shoulders and you stand naked in the room. Two naked women take your hands and guide you to a bath, aiding you into the hot, rose scented water. A tray of fruits is laid at the side of the bath and the women retire. You relax back after taking a handful of delicious juicy fruit.

Your mind drifts to the harsh journey from your village; the cramped conditions in the carriage; the harsh pushing and pulling by the warriors. The hot water relaxes the muscles made taught from the uncomfortable stone and straw floor in the cells of the castle. You remember being made to put on the red dress, seeing the different colours and not knowing the meaning.

The meaning still escapes you except that the women in grey were older or had children. The girls in white had all been very young. However the females in red were young, ripe women. Your thoughts turn to the Warmaster with his scarred and muscled body, his powerful lustful eyes... you feel warmth flutter in your loins.

The padding of feet breaks your daydream. Hands usher you out of the bath towards a table surrounded by four naked women and numerous bottles of liquid. You are laid on the table, naked and exposed. Through the steam you swear you could see a familiar stern face but put it down to fatigue and the heat.

"Just relax," suggests one of the women.

Two women work at your hair, brushing it, washing it, oiling it, adding fragrance to it. As they massage your scalp you begin to feel at ease. Another woman cleans and massages your hands and arms. The last woman massages your feet and works up your legs. You notice all the women are wearing necklaces of the same design; a hammer with the shaft hanging low between their pert breasts. You recognise it as the same hammer wielded by the Warmaster. The phallic appearance of the shaft causes your mind to flash back to his body and the feeling of his hard cock filling you. You let out a moan and notice that the women's hands are exploring your body now; oiled hands sliding over your breasts and up your inner thighs. You open your eyes, searching for the fourth woman. You catch a glimpse of her and she looks to be talking to someone. As you try to focus on the person a sudden delicious jolt runs through your body as a woman's fingers dance over your clit. You try to pull away but are held fast against the finger. You feel your pussy lips parted, your inner folds glistening with your juices. Mouths close on your nipples sending shocks to your clit and a moan escapes your lips.

"You are the Warmaster's kajira and we must prepare you. Relax and enjoy the tender touch. His can be anything but..." the fourth woman whispers in your ear before kissing you tenderly on the lips, her tongue exploring mouth. As her kiss deepens you feel something cold and metal slide inside you and a tongue teasing your clit.

Exquisite sensations flood through your body making your fingers tingle. Hands exploring your skin, metal probing your pussy, a warm wet tongue in your mouth, all are coming together to drive you towards a climatic goal.

You are shocked at yourself. The idea of being with a woman is abhorrent to you yet you surrender to these four willingly. You feel cared for, as their caress is gentle and knowledgeable. So different from the Warmaster's rough, animalistic, controlling sex, yet part of you yearns for his harsh touch and control.

Your hips are grinding against the tongue and metal, striving to reach your explosive end, when you look down and see that it is the woman's necklace that is probing inside you while her mouth excites your clit. 

"It's ok to cum here, he allows it. We are your assistants. As you live to serve and obey him, we do also by serving you, preparing you for him. Surrender to him again and cum for us!"

With that permission your orgasm builds and explodes from you unbidden, in a loud cry and powerful convulsions.

"Good, come we haven't much time before the marking."

Still recovering from your orgasm you are dressed in a bright red silk dress. Black undergarments cover your breasts and encase your still wet and engorged pussy.

"Just do as instructed when told. Do not hesitate or question. A fate of a lifetime of pleasure or a short, painful death hangs in the balance. Any who have been gifted with the Warmaster's cum either serve or die."

With that, the young woman kisses your lips and places a black hood over your head. Metal bells hang at the ears, so both hearing and vision is impaired. Two hands guide you through a maze of corridors before releasing you, leaving you standing alone. The bells have stopped as your movement stops. You hear the crackling of several fires and smell sweet sweat mixed with the aroma of hot metal.

"OBSERVE! This is my kajira! I claim her as my own and pain of death awaits any who touch her without my consent! She shall be marked as mine."

The Warmaster's voice awakens your clit and strikes fear and anticipation in your body. The hood is pulled from your head and you feel eyes upon you. You see the Warmaster standing by the fire holding a collar and an iron. He pulls the iron from the fire, glowing red, and he approaches you.

"Kneel. Bind her hands."

Two of your servers help you kneel and bind your hands to a metal hoop in the floor. They lift your dress to expose your thigh. The Warmaster bends and kisses you softly on the mouth.

"Do you surrender to be my kajira?"

You ponder your answer. Death or servitude. Pain and pleasure or just pain.

"I know you wasted my cum and I will enjoy your punishment. You will have more to hold next time."

The thought of his cum throws your mind back to the night before. Your clit dances and aches for attention. You can see the Warmaster's scarred muscled legs, see the bulge in his trousers, the outline of the cock that drove you to new heights of pleasure. Without knowing, you begin to nod at the Warmaster. A feral grin crosses his face exposing his canines. A sudden sharp pain strikes your thigh as the iron is placed against your flesh. The Warmaster casts the iron aside and grabs a handful of your hair, pulling your head up and exposing your neck. A woman rushes forward with a necklace bearing a hammer and hoop on it and places it on your neck before the Warmaster locks the leather collar around your throat.

"Welcome Kajira. Now... PRESENT!"

The bark of the order shocks you into action. Your face hits the floor and your ass rises into the air. A tearing of material exposes your ass and your already engorged pussy to all in the room. The embarrassment somehow only adds to the excitement.

A harsh slap strikes your ass. Another quickly follows, but this one lingers to gather some of your wet pussy juice, before running up over you asshole. Cheers from the crowd of people sound like waves on rocks. The Warmaster's hands grab your ankles and spread them, binding them with harsh rope to more metal hoops.

"Lift your head Kajira."

You lift your head to see the Warmaster's naked body in front of you, his cock already hard and inches from your face. You risk a glance at his blue eyes. They stare back and silently discipline you. His hand reaches behind your head and guides your mouth to his cock. You suck and lick, acutely aware of the cheering audience. He pulls his cock out leaving saliva pouring from your mouth, unable to wipe it away. A light slap on your pussy sends jolts through your body, then a finger plunges inside you. You try to hide your pleasure at being finger fucked but fail, amusing the crowd. Some men are massaging their cocks, some women sucking others. An orgy is occurring with you at centre stage.

Your breathing becomes more rapid. Suddenly the finger is withdrawn and you feel something hard and wet sliding along your pussy lips, pausing at the entrance then sliding down to your clit. You look between your arms down your body and see the Warmaster kneeling behind you. A sharp tug at your hair brings your head up, your stiff nipples dragging against the floor. The Warmaster positions his cock at the entrance to your pussy and pauses.

"Be a good kajira and fuck your masters cock, accept the gift, but don't you DARE cum!" You pause, transfixed. A hard slap against your ass startles you into motion and you buck against his cock, letting it fill you. You slide your pussy back and forth on his cock as he fondles your breasts. You can see women in the crowd masturbating as they watch, lustful envy in their eyes. You begin to feel a sense of pride and start to fuck the Warmaster with abandon. Knowing that you are making the crowd jealous, causing this mass of sexual energy, urges you on as you thrust your body back to meet the Warmaster's thick cock. Men begin to cum, women joining them. The Warmaster outlasts them all. Your own orgasm is held at bay only by a desire not to disobey.

The Warmaster, close to his own peak, grasps your hips and pulls you onto his cock.

"You can cum now kajira."

His words are like a dam breaking. You convulse and waves of pleasure pulse from your clit, your pussy spasming around the Warmaster's cock still buried deep inside you. Your binds focus the intense waves on your pussy. As your orgasm begins to subside the Warmaster pulls out and grabs your hair.

"SUCK! And don't spill a drop!"

With that he plunges his cock into your mouth and you suck hard. Within seconds his cock starts throbbing and you taste the heady taste of his cum mixed with the taste of your wet pussy. Once you have milked his cock of the last drop of cum he slides it out of your mouth.

"Swallow," he orders, and you gulp back his hot load.

"Good. Now you will await your punishment in my chambers. Only when you are trained will you be allowed to stay near me."

The Warmaster turns and leaves, throwing his robe on as the warrior audience parts for him. Your servers undo your limbs and guide you out of the hall, your cunt still throbbing with excitement...