 If you're just stumbling onto the Warlock's Tower series, please go back and read chapters 1 2 and 3 to get an idea of the characters. 

I plan on picking up the writing of this series now that I'm done moving and things have settled down. Grimbirar, Maddy, Bree, Kimmy and Melody have many nights of debauchery left. Thanks again for all the feedback and encouragement. I appreciate it! 

-Xanach



Kimmy was standing inside one of her master warlock's reading room. Tall hardwood shelves of books lined the walls, written in ancient scripts and arcane runes. It was dimly lit by candelabras hung around the perimeter. Kimmy hadn't noticed much of the room when she came in, what with being horny as all hell.

Any man would kill for Kimmy. She was tall and slender, with sharply curved hips and tanned toned legs. Her breasts were large and spherical, and clung to her chest giving her a deep canyon of cleavage. Straight Brunette hair dangled just below her shoulders, waving curving slightly as it fell. 

The one thing Kimmy had many women did not, was a giant, fat, cock. It dangled between her legs where a normal woman might have a vagina, in fact, the penis rested inside her vagina when it was flaccid. Currently, it was slowly retracting back inside at the moment, having just been expertly sucked dry by the tower's newest resident.

Bree was sitting on a couch behind Kimmy. She was still panting slightly from the brutal deep throating Kimmy had just subjected her too. Kimmy found her completely stunning. Her skin was tanned to dull copper, and her brown eyes were impossibly wide and round. Apple sized breasts clung to her tiny frame, with oak brown areolae forming perfect circles in the center. She was the warlock's new girl, just brought home this evening.

Standing on the other side of Kimmy was Mel, A willowy tall and thin girl with long, silky brown hair running down to her lower back. She wore a dress of deep blue, which shimmered in the dim candlelight of the reading room. Kimmy could see she was barefoot underneath the dress, and as she walked toward Bree on the loveseat she seemed to float through the room. 

Mel reached out a hand to Bree sitting on the couch. "You must be Grimbriar's new toy," Bree sheepishly reached out to grab Mel's outstretched hand, which Mel brought to her mouth to kiss. "May I introduce myself? Melody, at your service." Melody's voice was like a symphony. Multiple pitches and timbres echoed through the small library as she talked. Kimmy felt her mind begin to float, and saw Bree's gaze become empty and distant.

"Nice of you to spy on us, Mel." Kimmy said annoyed. The last thing she needed now was Mel lurking around. Why was she always around when it was inconvenient? "But, I think Bree is tired from a long night, and we should really get to..."

"Was I talking to you?" Mel shot her head towards Kimmy, her eyes burning red with fury. Her voice cracked like a timpani in the air. Kimmy backed up instinctively. "It seems to me," Mel said, her voice calming into a soft harmony. "That Kimmy has used up poor Bree without Grimbriar's consent. Is that true Bree?"

Bree nodded slowly. "Fuck." Kimmy thought. This was going from bad to worse. She thought about making a break for the door, but that wouldn't work. Mel would certainly catch her. Her best bet was to try and talk Bree over to her side. "I was just showing Bree around! We were bonding." She sat next to Bree on the couch and put her arm around her. "We're like sisters, you know!"

Bree wasn't playing along. "Mel," she said. "Are you one of Grimbriar's girls? Do you know a way out of here?"

Melody laughed harmoniously. It sounded like chimes and church bells all at once. "No, my dear I am not one of Grimbriar's pets as you are. However, I'm afraid I cannot help you escape." Melody removed the shoulder straps of her dress. She began to step out revealing her naked body, so white it was ghostly. "I can however, teach miss Kimmy a lesson about borrowing other people's toys."

Kimmy panicked. She pushed off Bree, and tried to run for the other side of the room. But Mel was too quick. Her eyes flashed purple briefly and Kimmy felt herself flung back to the couch. She smacked into the cushions as her head whip lashed back, and stars danced around her vision. She saw Mel lording over her, her skin pale as ivory and delicate mosquito bite breasts tower above her. Kimmy tried to get up, but found she could only move her head, being pressed into the cushions by some unseen force.

"Now," Melody said. Her voice had changed again. It was now commanding and full, like a cello part of a concerto. "I imagine Miss Kimmy has very sensitive breasts, what with all that size." She sat next to the motionless Kimmy, so Kimmy had Bree on one side and Mel on the other. "Do you like sucking on girls' tits, Bree?"

Bree smiled and blushed a bit. "Well, yes. My. My sister's and I at the cathouse would do that often, when we weren't working."

Mel smiled. "I imagined you might," She leaned her head in close to Kimmy's ample breast. "Why don't you take one, and I'll have the other?"

"Oh shit," Kimmy thought. She had been in these situations with Mel before, and they weren't good. The woman was crazy in all the wrong ways. Kimmy began to pant in panic, her heavy jugs heaving up and down. She felt a warm circle close around her right breast, and then the left as Mel and Kimmy began to suck. 

"Oh, god..." Kimmy began to moan. Her body was held, in place, but Kimmy could still feel tendrils of pleasure rising from her breasts. She tossed her head back involuntary. Mel worked on her right tit harshly. She sucked and bit, taking the soft flesh into her mouth and gnawing and kneading with her tongue. Bree, on the other hand gently licked at her left breast. Her tongue was dragging slowly across the bumpy flesh of Kimmy's nipple, sending chills up the pinned brunette's spine. It was heavenly. Kimmy felt her cock swell slowly between her legs, starting a long climb up between the two ladies pleasuring her mounds. Kimmy tried moving her arms, tried to grasp the sensitive penis but couldn't move a muscle. 

"Fu. Fuck." Kimmy panted. Bree's touch became lighter, she was barely scraping the skin now with her long, wet licks. By contrast Mel had gotten rougher, manhandling her tit with rough hands and shoving the nipple and areola into her gaping mouth. Mel began sucking hard, making slurping sounds which vibrated the pliant flesh of Kimmy's chest. She felt warmth and tingles creeping through her breasts, and sharp jolts of pleasure shot through her whenever Bree's expert tongue contacted her nipple. 

Then there was her cock. It wasn't being complacent during this assault on her body. It was standing proudly; swelling with each suck and lick of her sensitive tits. The veins on the sides began to bulge and the bulbous head started to darken with blood. Kimmy's testicles began to sink further, filling up with thick cum. She tried with all her strength to reach her hands down and grasp it, but she was powerless against the force bearing down on her. 

Kimmy screamed. Her tight stomach was heaving as beads of sweat poured onto her tanned skin. She looked down to see Bree's shining raven hair as her tongue flicked across her nipple, and Mel's shimmering brown, which would shift between dark blonde and auburn as the woman worked her jaw around Kimmy's tit. Kimmy's assailants were split by her raging boner, which leaked pre cum down the proud shaft. 

Mel reached down with one of her hands toward Kimmy's balls. She began to gently stroke them up and down, churning the load of semen they held. Kimmy yelled in surprise and pleasure as she felt sparks jolt into her testicles. Mel was massaging her balls, forcing them to swell with even more cum. Kimmy couldn't take much more pleasure. She felt a twitch at the base of her penis and new she was going to cum soon. 

But she didn't. Despite the arcs of pleasure emanating from her tits and balls, she couldn't get over the edge. She felt her dick harden and continue to grow under the women's assault. Kimmy screamed as she felt pressure building at the base of her cock. Melody's grip on her chest relax as she pulled her head away. 

"How are we feeling, Miss Kimmy?" Mel asked. She looked up at Kimmy with her soft brown eyes which shifted to hazel and back as fast as Kimmy could process. Since Mel had removed her deathgrip on her tit, Kimmy began to come down a little bit. But she still felt Mel's delicate fingers working through the folds of her scrotum and around her balls. "You, you fuck. fucking bitch." Kimmy managed to pant out.

"That was kind of mean." Melody said. She pushed her fingers up between Kimmy's testicles sharply. Kimmy screamed in pain as Melody twisted into her soft flesh, pushing up against the unbearable pressure in the base of her cock. Bree had paused her licking to wipe some spit off her chin. "Mel, are you a. A?"

"Witch?" Mel finished, releasing Kimmy's scrotum as she said it. She scooted down the couch to kneel on the floor, and turned toward Bree. "You would be correct about that. I reside in this tower to be of service to the warlock Grimbriar," Mel's voice chimed and rung as she spoke. "However, the nature of my service is different than that of yours or dear Kimmy's. I am not a."

"Concubine?" Bree ventured. She scooted down the couch herself, leaving Kimmy pinned to the cursed thing all alone. Mel laughed in a harmonious arpeggio. "I suppose so," she continued. "Vanity is Grimbriar's weakness. I think he keeps you girls around more to boost his ego than empty his balls. Speaking of which," Mel turned around to Kimmy. "I think it's time we finished teaching Kimmy a lesson about stealing Grim's girls." 

"No!" Kimmy screamed. "Please, let me. Let me go!" Kimmy's penis ached with sensation. It stood pulsing in the air, desperate to be massaged into ejaculating. Kimmy tried lifting her arms to grip it, but it was no good. She couldn't even sway her hips, Mel's spell was so strong. 

Mel giggled and stood up on the couch, her legs on either side of Kimmy. "That meat you're carrying looks pretty tasty Kimmy." Mel bent her toned thighs down, aligning her cunt with Kimmy's giant tool. "I think I should have a taste." She gently held the tip of Kimmy's cock in her hand, and slowly guided it into her.

Kimmy's eyes went wide as her dick slowly disappeared into Mel's wetness. Her pussy was super tight, and Kimmy wanted to cum right then. But the force holding her orgasm back still gripped the base of her cock. Mel continued to bend her legs down, slowly taking in each agonizing inch of

Kimmy's member. She threw her head back and sighed. "Oh, I see you've sprouted a big one tonight Kimmy!" 

Kimmy couldn't speak as Mel bottomed out, somehow taking in all 12 inches of Kimmy's massively enlarged man meat. She felt the pressure at the base of her dick hammer her with each heartbeat, while the nerves on her shaft shot pleasure each time Mel's pussy contracted around her. Her head was level with Mel's tiny, almost invisible tits. They had cute little pink nipples pointing straight forward, hard enough to cut glass. Mel began to pump her legs up and down, sliding her pussy across Kimmy's giant phallus. 

"Oh, yeah," Kimmy shouted. "Fuck me harder!" Her penis was singing with pleasure as Mel's tight canal worked each inch of it. She was tighter than Kimmy could imagine, clamping down on each stroke, trying to suck the cum which was being held up inside her balls. Mel's wetness was beginning to pool on the floor. She began to cry in pleasure as she hastened her up and down motion on Kimmy. "Bree," She said between moans. "Why don't you make sure Kimmy's balls are getting the attention they deserve?" 

Bree nodded coyly, and crawled the edge of the sofa to where Kimmy's impossibly swollen balls were hanging. She daintily began to lick the potato-sized testicles, slowly and dutifully like a child eating an ice cream cone. "No, no not that!" Kimmy screamed. Her body was on fire with lust and sensation. She wanted nothing more to grab Mel's hips and pump into her until she came enough to impregnate the witch's granddaughters, but it was no use. Not a single muscle in her body would obey her, not even the one deep in her cock which was screaming to ejaculate. 

Mel cooed in pleasure as she rode the defenseless Kimmy. She wrapped her arms around Kimmy's neck, and buried her face in Kimmy's ample tit flesh. Humming and growling, she shook her head back and forth in the soft canyon, damp with perspiration. Kimmy sighed again, feeling Mel's cool soft face on her sensitive breast flesh. She wanted to grab Mel's head, suffocate that bitch right then and there but she was helpless. Bree continued to lick her balls ferociously. With all of this sensation and no release, they kept enlarging to the size of small coconuts. 

Mel released Kimmy's tits and threw her head back, letting her light brown hair flow down her body. "Ohhh. Kimmy." She said. "I'm going to, I'm going to...."

"NOOOO!" Kimmy screamed as Mel came. She felt the walls of her pussy clench and release her a thousand times a second. Kimmy knew Mel's cunt was trying to suck up her semen, trying to coax the giant phallus wedged inside to give up it's treasure. But it was no good, the dam above her balls was refusing to give, and Kimmy's dick grew even further. She should have split Mel open with a cock of this size, but Melody's pussy had no trouble accommodating it. 

Melody began to sigh as she slowly withdrew herself from Kimmy's impossible dick. As the head popped out with a plop, Kimmy saw the angry red head of her penis had grown to the diameter of a small dinner plate. She groaned as Melody slid her way down next to Bree licking Kimmy's balls. She looked up at Kimmy with begging eyes. 

"You certainly have an impressive cock Kimmy." Kimmy looked down at her dick. It resembled a tree trunk by now, passing 15 inches long and thick as a prizefighters arm. She could most likely tit-fuck herself with it, well she could if she could move at all. Mel added her wet tongue to Bree's on Kimmy's testicles, sending the sperm inside her swimming. "I wonder if you can give just as impressive ejaculation?" 

Mel gave a lick, and suddenly Kimmy felt the force at the base of her dick disappear. She grunted and lurched upright, attempting to bring her hands around her giant cock. She succeeded just as the first blob of ejaculate was forcing it's way out of her engorged head. It shot like a cannon directly upward, hitting the ceiling with a satisfied splat. 

Kimmy pumped her hands up and down frantically as the semen poured out. It shot up in thick white streams, sometimes hitting the ceiling and bouncing down onto Kimmy's face. But mostly it poured onto the heads of the two girls still licking her balls. Bree's black hair captured large blobs of the gooey ejaculate, and long rivers of semen flowed down the ivory skin of Melody's back. Kimmy pumped faster as Bree and Mel threw their heads back, letting the sticky hot cum pour on their face like a rainstorm. Kimmy's hips bucked and her balls sang as they pumped out load after load on the willing girls. 

It got to be too much for Kimmy and she collapsed on the couch, losing the grip on her penis as it continued to pump more semen onto her navel and between her tits. She couldn't stop it. She didn't want to stop it. The relief felt amazing and her cum was hot smooth on her toned skin. 

After an eternity to Kimmy, the flood reduced to a trickle and her monstrous cock and balls began to shrink and recede back inside her. She looked over to see Bree and Melody standing over her. Bree's head was completely covered in her cum. Large blobs of it clung to her chin, cheeks and hair like she had just been in sticky snowball fight. By contrast, Mel's face had an all over sheen from where Kimmy had completely glazed her. 

"Well Bree," Melody said. "I think we were able to get back at little Kimmy, don't you think?" Bree began to giggle, bringing her hand to her cute mouth, a large ball of cum clinging to her ring finger.

"You. You fucking bitch." Was all Kimmy managed to say between breaths. She felt the world spin and the room darken as she blacked out.