 You look around and see some familiar faces from your village, but most you don't recognise. Girls and young women - the older ones dressed in revealing grey silk, the youngest in white. Your dress is red. The tight mass of young bodies is being ushered through a dark corridor towards two large doors. A voice yells and all the girls stop.

"When you enter, keep your eyes low. Get into lines and await instruction. When ordered you will drop to your hands and knees. Good luck." 

You cant see who spoke it but it was a voice not to be ignored.

The doors begin to open and you are blinded by light. Whips cracking, the bodies begin to move and before long you find yourself in a line. A girl in white cries next to you and a woman in grey holds her head high in defiance.

A woman in a gold dress appears and walks along each line, placing a flower in the hands of several girls in white who are ushered away. The rest of the girls in white are hauled to a door at the back of the hall you are in. Now only grey and red fill the room. A door opens and a clatter of metal on metal sounds. The guards around the room drop to their knees as a figure enters.

You can hear loud footfalls and the gentle clank of metal chains. The large fire to the right of the hall pushes out an intense heat, making beads of sweat gather on your skin. The firelight reflecting off the moist bodies of the women surrounding you. Shadows exaggerating their curves. You risk a glance up. The hall is long and the end is in darkness, but you can just make out the shape of a figure. 

You hear hushed whispers followed by a loud shout,

"Bow down!"

All the women drop to the floor on all fours, except one woman in grey. A few seconds pass before she is dragged from the hall. You are isolated, feeling so alone now there is no-one beside you. As you start to breathe faster, your panic is arrested by the sound of heavy footfalls getting closer. You hear women being told to stand, the jangle of metal coins, followed by the patter of bare feet in different directions. Some of the women are sobbing, others giving sighs of relief or disbelief. One by one the lines disappear in time with the thump of the feet. 

You are no stranger to feeling alone having been sold to your village when only six. You inherited the land of your owners and were always an outsider. Your mind wanders to your village and how it looked before the war came, before your people had been 'freed' by the warriors who now displayed you as a slave. Your day dream is shattered when you realise the feet have stopped in front of you.

You stare at the booted feet in front of you. You realise you are holding your breath, but cant let it go. Suddenly the head of a huge hammer slams down beside the right foot, making you gasp. The feet move round you, then you hear a sword drawn. There's a tug at the material of your dress before the blade cuts a slit at the back, exposing you. You feel the tip of the sword tap between your shoulders, then gentle pressure. You lower your head to the stone floor, raising your hips up. 

"This one will be my retainer. Ensure it is ready in an hour in my quarters. I will be in the war room."

You are pulled to standing and turned round, your head lifted to display. The man standing in front of you sports a shaved head, blue cold eyes, and harsh stubble. His broad shoulders are clad in a cloak and armour, showing powerful arms. The man is short but has a commanding stature, accentuated by thick muscled legs under heavy trousers. A dangerous attraction stirs your primal loins at the sight. 

You are pulled from the hall, thrust at a group of women and guided to a bathhouse where they attend to you. All are silent but have eyes filled with envy. You are cleaned and your pussy shaved and balmed. What awaits you? Finally you are dressed in the finest gold trimmed purple silk, your nipples visible and pressing through the material. 

"The Warmaster will have fun with you and you will enjoy every inch of him inside you. Just always obey him and you will be rewarded with pleasure beyond words," says one attendant. 

The doors are opened by two naked women and you walk into the room. A fire dominates one wall, while a great bed covered with furs fills the rest of the room. A giant chair near the fire is occupied by the naked but robed figure of the Warmaster. Scars are visible on his chest and legs. 

"Come and present yourself."

You approach the chair and stand infront of the fire, the heat burning your barely covered bottom, eyes lowered.

"I..."

"I SAID PRESENT! NOT SPEAK!" The sudden flash of anger makes you jump.

"Sorry I..."

In a flash you feel a hand around your throat and feel breath against your ear.

"Present yourself and pray that I do not regret my decision to make you mine and that I may forget your insolence. Now."

Without further instruction you drop to all fours. You feel the heat of the fire against your pussy, which to your surprise is wet. A fact you cannot hide from the Warmaster.

"Indeed I do not regret my decision. Fine breasts, a very fine butt and a juicy, eager cunt." 

As he talks you feel a rough finger press against your pussy drawing a moan from you.

"Stand. Now."

You do so and see the Warmaster's robe cast on the floor. His naked form silhouetted by the fire, his manhood visible in the shadow pointing up.

Suddenly you feel hands gripping your dress followed by the sound of tearing material. The dress falls, sliding over your nipples making them stand on end. You are stood naked before the Warmaster, your pussy now throbbing.

You feel the Warmaster's body press against your back as his hands grab your exposed breasts. You can feel his stiff cock against your buttocks.

"On your knees, push your butt out and open your mouth."

You obey, feeling hands on your head and then the tip of his cock against your lips, before your head is pulled onto his cock. You start to rhythmically suck, the salty taste of precum causing a tingle in your clit.

"That's good. With your right hand play with my balls, your left should be inside your cunt preparing it for me."

The mix of the Warmaster's throbbing cock in your mouth, fondling full balls in your hand and a finger on your clit proves too much and you start to cum.

"WHO TOLD YOU TO CUM!?"

Too lost in your own orgasm to answer you just shudder and moan. You feel yourself lifted and carried to the bed of furs and placed on your front.

"PRESENT! Give me that desperate unruly cunt. I shall teach it!"

You lift your hips just in time to feel the powerful thrust of his cock, plunging deep inside you and making you gasp. He pulls back and just before he drives into you again you feel a hard slap against your butt. He thrusts into your wet cunt, grunting, his rough hands rubbing your breasts and clit. His cock swells, but he pulls out. He slides two fingers inside your dripping pussy then rubs them on your forbidden hole. You feel the tip of his swollen cock against your ass. 

"Fuck it! NOW!"

You push back on his cock, taking it all. His hand furiously plays with your clit. 

"CUM NOW!"

At the sound of his voice you start to cum harder than ever before. Your ass squeezes his cock as he thrusts into you again and again. You feel his cock swell and start to throb as he cums deep inside your ass. His orgasm seems to last for ages, prolonging yours, as his cock twitches and spasms. Finally he pulls out.

"You have much to learn but I can see you have potential. I shall keep you on the condition you improve and serve me better each day whenever I desire. You may sleep here. Enjoy this last night before your life as my personal woman slave begins. Many women vie for this position, but few ever attain it. You will know safety, comfort and pleasure beyond your wildest imaginings and all you must do is offer and surrender yourself to me for whatever I desire. Few have taken my flesh, fewer have tasted it. My gift to you. Your life as my kajira starts now."

The animalistic look on his face was leashed and replaced with a warm but calculating one of amusement and respect.

"Don't waste that cum. I shall check the furs in the morning. If I see any the punishment will be severe!"

He turns and leaves. Your hand drifts to your loins and you touch your clit sending shudders through your body. You feel warm cum running down your pussy. Gathering it on your fingers you taste primal, animalistic sex and start to cum again...