 Your servers guide you through the corridors, your feet slapping against the cold stone. A palpable sense of excitement accompanies the smell of sex among your servers, two of whom are looking flushed with ruffled dresses. You become aware of the cool air as you are taken further from the hall, the sounds of the orgy still building. Such is your arousal you yearn to be among it. 

You are ushered through a barred and guarded door. Four guards, all female, tall and slender, each carrying a pair of blades stand at attention are decked in gold, figure-hugging armour, which would easily distract any man who dared cross them.

"The Sisters they guard the female sanctum. None may enter save the Warmaster and even he refuses to. Each Sister must face him in combat. Only those that survive can be trusted," one of your servers explains.

Thoughts of the deadly and ruthless Warmaster send a shiver down your spine and a strange warmth spreads from your sex. The danger of being such a figure's slave intoxicates you with desire.

You find yourself back in the bath house, ushered into orange scented water. The mark on your thigh stings as you lower into the water. Two of your servers enter the bath with you.

"I am Ana and this is Aine. We are your senior servers and we will see that you are prepared well for the Warmaster and all his desires. Oife and Olive are your junior servers and will ensure you have all you need for your service. Now, we understand you are to endure a punishment; the Warmaster's deadliness and lust is matched only by his ire. His punishments can be cruel and harsh and are rarely swift. You need to rest and relax. We shall prepare you as best we can, but know that your punishment starts with us as instructed by the Warmaster. Know that we take little pleasure in aiding the punishment, but while we serve you, we are bound to the Warmaster." 

Ana's words reassure but frighten you. The fear obviously displayed on your face as you feel Ana embrace you and pull your head to rest on her pert breasts as she removes the hard collar from your neck.

"The hard collar is to be worn in his chambers and when out with him; the necklace must never be removed save by his hand."

Ana and Aine begin helping you wash. Ana massages your shoulders and neck and head, while Aine works over your legs, feet and hands. You recognise Ana as the young woman who kissed you and Aine as the one who elicited such delicious sensations from you with her hammer necklace before the marking. Ana moves around you and straddles you, still massaging your neck. You feel her breasts on yours making your nipples harden. You see her red lips grow darker and fuller as she plants light kisses on your neck. You find your shoulders relax with each kiss. Aine's hands massage your thighs and then your loins before gently stroking your sex. Ana kisses your lips, her fingers grasping your nipples. She lets out a gasp, as she grinds against you, while Aine's gentle, slow touch between your legs deliciously tortures you. You feel an orgasm building, but the feathery caresses prevent you achieving your release. You try to move your hips, but Ana straddling you prevents you from moving. 

Ana rocks faster, kissing you hard, then one hand leaves your breast so she can tease her own. She leans back and you notice Aine's phallic necklace between Ana's legs, the sight of which brings back floods of memories of the expert way Aine used it on you and the incredible sensations the cool metal neck piece brought about in your body. You find yourself yearning to feel it inside you again, as the slow, gentle stroking of your sex is frustratingly too slow to bring about the orgasm your body craves. Ana starts to moan, then convulse as Aine brings her to orgasm just inches from you. How you wish Aine to plunge the hammer inside you. 

As Ana recovers from her orgasm she kisses you again then grabs your hands and lifts them over your head where they are clasped in cuffs by Olive. Ana steps out of the bath and aids you to do the same. Olive and Oife approach with towels and rub you dry, then guide you to a collection of cushions on the ground. They lay you down and bind your hands above your head, stretching your body. As you look around, you see a vague outline of a person larger than your servers, but the body is just out of your view.

"What's going on?" you ask.

"As we said, your punishment begins with us," replies Aine, her voice thick with an accent of unknown origin. With that she crawls over you and settles with her face near your sex and her pussy inches from your face. She lowers her mouth to your already throbbing cunt and kisses it delicately, before running her tongue along the lips and settling over your engorged clit. Her tongue dances over your clit agonisingly slowly, not allowing your orgasm to build. Her hand reaches back and she spreads her pussy lips, playing with herself. Her body jerks and twitches with pleasure, but her tongue maintains it's slow and steady movements over your clit. You notice Ana approaching Aine from behind, then kneeling behind her. In her hands she holds a larger version of the hammer necklace. She steadies the phallic shaft against Aine's pussy, who begins to fuck the the instrument. She keeps the torturously slow pace on your clit, as she thrusts back against the hammer shaft faster and faster. Her moaning adds to the sensations on your crotch, but it's still not enough for you to climax. You cry out and beg for release. This draws giggles from the servers and Ana says: 

"Though we deeply desire to let you cum, the Warmaster instructed us not to. You wouldn't want to disappoint him would you?"

Aine bucks harder against the hammer, then loudly starts to cum. You can see her cunt contract around the hard, metal shaft and remember what it was like cumming on the Warmaster's cock. The image, combined with the tongue at your clit and the smell of sex nearly tips you over. Before you manage to slip to orgasm though, your hands are unbound and Aine leaps off you, legs quivering and unsteady on her landing. You are pulled to your feet and quickly glance around for the figure you seen earlier, but see only swirling steam.

Your servers begin to dress you in a tight corset of whalebone. It pushes up your breasts but does not cover your still hard nipples. A tight belt is wrapped around your waist and a strip of leather passed between your legs. The leather has a slit down the centre and squeezes your pussy lips together giving you delightful sensations with every movement. At the rear the leather creates a thong, in turn putting pressure on your forbidden hole. A dress is lowered over your head and the hem rests just below your buttocks, so that every time you bend your ass is exposed. Your hair is brushed and fragrance applied. Finally Ana approaches holding the hard collar with a ring in it and places it around your throat, before kissing you on the lips.

"Do exactly as you are told, no hesitation. If you are told to stay, you stay no matter what. His punishments are fitting to the crime and wasting his cum is serious. He will dominate you, embarrass you and frighten you. I cannot promise you there is no danger, but trust him and the punishment will be brief. Remember, pain and pleasure are just different names. Sometimes you must endure one to experience the other. Good luck."

The servers escort you to a large, dark wooden door. Four huge warriors clad in armour each armed with a halberd and a sword longer than your legs, guard the door. Eyes hidden behind helmets scrutinise you. Ana exposes your marked thigh and the guards move aside to allow you to pass. You feel the eyes of the guards watch you, sensing their lust for you. They all seem dangerous but somehow less dangerous than the Warmaster. You imagine he could smite them all with his hammer and emerge unscathed. The thought of the hammer pushes your mind back to the bath house and seeing Aine's cunt clenching on the large hammer. It seems only right that such a potent symbol of masculinity be wielded by such a warrior as the Warmaster. The large doors open and you are greeted by the aroma of freshly cut pine, the scent of hot metal and the sight of a large anvil, behind which stands a large cross with metal hoops and ropes hanging from various points. The furs still adorn the bed and you can see the matted fur where you leaked the Warmaster's cum previously. The windows overlook a wide vista with a lake running through it, mountains either side. The sun setting low casts an orange glow over the landscape while the first few stars are visible in the dark upper sky. The fire burning and the crackles of wood push out a delightful warmth. A jug and three goblets are on a silver tray.

"Welcome Kajira. Pour three goblets from the jug and take one." 

The Warmaster's voice makes you jump as you look round. Unable to find the origin, you approach the tray and pour the thick dark red wine into the goblets. You pick one up and stand ready.

"Stand in front of and face the fire."

You do so and find your breathing coming more rapidly.

"I see your servers do you proud. You present well for your punishment. Drink, slowly".

You take a slow drink from the goblet. The intense fruity taste is delicious, the alcohol warming you as you swallow. The heat from the fire starts to make you sweat and you become aware that the oils your servers applied make your skin seem slick. The period of silence is agonising. Completely unsure what to expect, your body is like a coiled spring. Your sex betrays you by throbbing with excitement at being near the Warmaster again.

"Finish the wine and refill your goblet. Approach the fire and place the goblet on the floor. Do not bend your knees!"

You refill your goblet, already aware of the effects of the potent drink. You approach the fire and bend slowly at the hips, feeling the dress lift over your buttocks as you place the goblet on the floor. You go to rise.

"STAY where you are. I wish to look upon the prize of my Kajira."

You hear the loud footfalls of the Warmaster approach you from behind. You hear a loud clunk and see the large hammer land behind your feet.

"This is Forgebreaker. My hammer. All I know, it will know. It never leaves my side. Never. It ALWAYS obeys. As such I treat it with respect. I wish you to treat it with respect now and allow it to know you, just a little."

You wait, unsure of what to do you deduce it is better to be still.

"YOU DARE DISRESPECT US!?" yells the Warmaster. His powerful hand clutches your jaw and lifts your chin.

"Allow it to know you! DO NOT MAKE ME REPEAT MYSELF!" 

You let out a faint whimper in fear and feel tears build in your eyes. The Warmaster places a hand on your shoulder and slowly straightens you up. You feel the shaft of Forgebreaker touch your pussy before pushing inside. The shaft is almost uncomfortably wide. The Warmaster stops you with just the tip inside you. The leather strap between your legs squeezes your clit with the slightest movement sending shivers through you.

"Good, now wait here and do not move. I have business to attend to."

With that, the Warmaster strides over to the door and summons several warriors. They sit and talk about campaigns, strategy, supplies. Your legs begin to tire and you try to adjust your position. The teasing pressure on your clit gets almost unbearable and you want to slide yourself further down the shaft for release. When you start to move yourself on the hammer, you are corrected with a cough; the second time a harsh word, then the third a shout. By now you feel you can hold no longer,;the tease is too much. You lower yourself down the shaft, ignoring the Warmaster's subtle disapproval, and gently rock back and forth. The pleasure builds and the climax you have been denied for so long threatens to come.

SLAP! 

You yelp as the Warmaster's hand connects with your butt drawing laughs from his assembled warriors. The embarrassment makes you feel tiny, but the thought of being viewed makes your sex hot and you feel ashamed.

"Leave us, Uriel. Return in one hour. I will have need of you. For now I have a punishment to deal and it has waited long enough."

The warriors leave all taking a last glance at you. "Whatever am I to do with you? How am I to expect you to be a worthy Kajira if you do not respect my hammer? That which saved your village, brought me power and defends the free. Do you understand why you are being punished?"

You consider your answer.

"SPEAK KAJIRA!"

You jump and answer:

"For wasting your valuable cum?"

"In part, for wasting my valuable cum that I gifted to you to care for. But you are being punished less for the act and more for principle. What principle? ANSWER!"

"Erm the...er..."

"NOT GOOD ENOUGH!" A slap across your buttocks drives the point home. 

"You are being punished, Kajira, for disobeying. The principle of obedience is paramount. If my warriors disobey, I kill them. If my Kajira disobeys, what punishment would fit?"

"something tha..."

"DID I SAY SPEAK!?" 

The Warmaster grabs your hair and lifts your head at the same time as knocking Forgebreaker from your cunt. Your head is roughly pulled back and your neck exposed. The dangerous face of your Warmaster is close to yours and the fire in his eyes forces you to look away.

"The punishment fits the crime. You disobey so I teach you to obey. I will not be this lenient in the future. Each time you disobey your punishment will be more severe. You will learn to obey and when you do, I cannot tell you the delights that await you. Now, for your punishment, I hope Ana and Aine did not tire you out. KNEEL!" 

He pushes you to your knees.

"When I demand it, you will stay at my heel on all fours. No-one will touch you, fear not. As you are so unruly I must leash you until you can be trusted. This will happen whenever you disobey until you have learned correct behaviour."

The Warmaster passes a rope through the hoop on your collar and pulls, drawing you close to his heel.

"Now drink from the goblet, try not to waste it like you did my cum."

You lap at the wine, the degradation and vulnerability more potent than the wine.

"Stand and remove that dress." 

You do as ordered and hear the Warmaster moan in approval. You enjoy the brief reprieve, before you are suddenly pulled toward the cross in the corner of the room. You are powerless to resist as the Warmaster places your arms in the restraints on the cross bar and spreads you feet, binding your ankles. The rope is pulled so tight it pinches. Being restrained sends your clit wild, electric pulses of pleasure racing through your body, while your brain fights anxiety. The Warmaster places a cloth over your eyes and kisses you, almost gently by his standards. Made blind you can hear the Warmaster breathing and your heart beating rapidly.

"This is how you are at all times. Helpless. Under my command. The sooner you realise this, the better it will be for you. Whatever I wish you to do, you do. UNDERSTAND!?" 

The shout catches you by surprise, but you manage a nod and a whimper.

"Good. Now lets take a look at you."

You hear a sword being drawn and feel the cold steel tip tracing a line down your body. The edge of the sword catches on your nipples releasing exquisite pain but causing no damage. The tip tickles the inside of your arms and thighs making you squirm. The Warmaster laughs cruelly. Suddenly you feel his lips around one nipple and his fingers on the other, kneading firmly. Your knees tremble at his hard but knowing touch. You feel the wetness of your pussy begin to run down your thigh. Never before have you felt such need, such desire.

"My my, what a desperate unruly fucktoy I have myself here. Does my Kajira crave release? Does she crave something to fill that cunt of hers?"

"Yes!" Your cry sounds hoarse, your voice filled with longing and desire.

"YES WHAT!?"

"Yes Warmaster"

"Are you one of my warriors? Do I command you in war? Yes what?"

"Yes... master?"

"Good!" 

A thick finger slides inside your dripping wet cunt, your muscles squeezing around it. The Warmaster fucks you with his finger, thrusting his meaty digit in and out of your pussy until you are ready to explode. Just when you are on the brink of an explosive orgasm he withdraws his finger making you cry out in desperation.

"Your punishment. Nothing is beyond my control! NOTHING!!!" 

The shout and the meaning of the words make you weak at the knees. A knock at the door draws the Warmaster's attention.

"Enter. Ah Uriel, just in time. I have need of your opinion regarding my Kajira. I am unsure of her oral skills..."

The Warmaster undoes the bonds binding you to the cross and drags you by your leash to the anvil. He pulls the blindfold off and pushes you over the anvil, the cold metal pushing against your breasts making you yelp.

"QUIET!" the Warmaster yells, slapping on your buttocks to punctuate. "Do not embarrass yourself in front of my general! Now PRESENT and open your mouth."

You raise your buttocks and spread your legs, your cunt dripping with desire, and you open your mouth.

"Uriel, if you will." 

At the Warmaster's command an unfamiliar body approaches, cock in hand, taking aim at your mouth.

"Kajira, obey and respect Uriel for he is my most trusted general." 

You take Uriel's cock in your mouth and suck, circling your tongue around his thick head. After a few minutes you feel the Warmaster's hands on your buttocks.

"Don't waste it this time," he says, as he plunges his cock deep into your hot cunt. The excitement of being spearing from both sides proves too much and the delicious sensations brought by both men bring forth the orgasm denied from you for many hours. Your climax builds so hard and fast, making you quicken your pace on Uriel's cock, who quickly begins to throb in your mouth, before cumming deep in your throat, twitching wildly. As the cum escapes your lips and dribbles slightly down your chin, your cunt squeezes the Warmaster's cock, milking him. He thrusts harder and harder into your dripping pussy, pulling out almost completely, before ramming his entire length back into you. He lets out a loud feral cry and his cock jerks inside you bringing you another delightful orgasm.

Uriel and the Warmaster quickly disengage from your body and retire to the chairs, still naked, drinking from the goblets. The Warmaster is seated with a perfect view of your cunt and uses you as a table until sleep claims him. The door opens and Aine and Olive enter, unbind you from the anvil, then carry you out of the chambers past the four smiling guards towards four Sisters who are waiting with a robe and a chair. They gently wrap the robe around your still quivering body, place you in the chair, then carry you to the women's sanctum to recuperate...