 **Thank you to intropervert for the great edits and suggestions**

*

No one would ever believe me if I told them what transpired over the weekend a few weeks back. I only write it down for myself, as if I was talking with someone and telling them what happened to make myself feel better. They'd lock me up if I really told someone.

I'm an adventurist, meaning I like to hike, camp, explore on my own, completely alone and as far away from other humans as I can. I do this often, as much as I can afford. This specific trip started out just like any other. I picked a place on a map far away from civilization and then set out to find it. I only take the bare necessities, mainly living on the land while I'm gone.

I made good time and arrived at my chosen spot right before sundown. The first night nothing was out of the ordinary. The stars were bright, the air was clean and clear and the only sounds were the night creatures around me. Bats, mice, owls and other critters could be heard occasionally as I lay on my foam pad without a sleeping bag or tent. 

I didn't go very far the next day, probably only a mile away from my first camp location but what I'm about to tell you will blow your mind.

As darkness settled around me and I lay on my back looking up in the sky at the Milky Way, something bright green suddenly flew past my face at lightning speed. I sat up quickly, looking in the direction the flash had gone but seeing nothing. Minutes passed and I wondered if I imagined it. Lying back down, I wrote it off as my imagination until a blue flash passed over me going the other direction. I began to freak out, standing up and looking out into the darkness for the green and blue. Finally I saw the streaks of light, both blue and green flashing through the trees, moving so fast they left a trail of light like a sparkler does on the 4th of July. I was rooted to the ground, unable to move as the lights started coming closer again, right at me.

I hit the dirt in fear as they rocketed toward me and covered my head, expecting to be hit by something. When I finally looked around the ground was lit by the blue and green light, and I looked up to find the most amazing thing I have ever seen. Two perfectly formed women hovered in the air, glowing their respective blue and green. Their bodies emitted the color as if it radiated from their skin. Now these were not normal sized women. They only stood about six inches in height and wore matching outfits but in different colors. Now you're thinking Tinkerbelle and fairies and I guess that was what they were, but they didn't have wings like Tinkerbelle does. I don't know how they flew. The hovered there looking at me and nodding to one another. I assumed they were communication but I couldn't hear any sound coming from them.

I'll call them Blue and Green, since I never learned their real names, but as I stood there watching them in awe, Blue came closer, right up to my cheek and kissed it. Green followed soon after and kissed my other cheek. They both smiled and motioned for me to sit down on the ground. I did and they both landed on my legs. They were so light I scarcely felt them. Green had brown hair and blue had blonde hair. It was strange; their skin was not blue and green but olive in tone but somehow radiated the specific colors. When they landed the bright colors dimmed but never fully went away. I held out my hand and Blue climbed up into my palm with no fear of me at all. I brought her closer to my eyes and inspected her for lack of better term.

She was amazing. Her tiny body was in perfect proportion and if she was a full size woman the like would have surpassed the most gorgeous women in the world. Her breasts were firm and large for her narrow waist, matching her hips and her eyes shown bright blue to match the color she emitted. She smiled at me as I looked at her. Her clothing was skin tight and covered her from wrist to ankle, leaving very little to the imagination. I could even see her nipples defined under the tight latex-like material-- even the small bumps on her areolas were distinguishable. Her feet were bare and her blonde hair was braided ornamentally like I had never seen before.

With my other hand I lifted Green up and inspected her as well. Her body was shorter than Blue's but equally stunning. She had short dark hair, cut like you'd expect of a pixie, and her green eyes were gorgeous. As I said before her outfit was the same as Blue's but Green in color. I blushed when I saw her clearly defined sex beneath the material, her labia and folds easily recognized. They both began to laugh as my face went hot and I saw them giggling but heard no noise. Both of them took to the air and landed back down on my legs.

I was stunned and, as you can imagine, thought I must be dreaming, even more so given what happened next. Green flew over to my other leg, standing behind Blue and reached toward her. She touched something on Blue's back and suddenly her shiny, skintight garb disappeared, leaving Blue completely naked, standing on my leg. I'm sure my mouth dropped and I know my cock literally jumped in my pants. I could not fathom what I was seeing. She was exquisite in every way. Her skin was flawless, her breasts firm and round, unaffected by gravity. Her nipples puckered and her small areolas wrinkled a darker olive/pink. Her pubic hair matched her blonde head, trimmed short into a triangle above her perfectly formed sex.

I hadn't breathed since Blue became naked and finally realized this, exhaled and took in a deep breath. Blue smile at me and winked, turning around to Green and touched her back between her shoulder blades right on her spine. Green's clothing disappeared as well and I had an incredible view of Blues firm backside and Green's naked front when she turned around. Green was equally beautiful. Her stomach defined with a line running down her center to her perfect elongated navel and her breasts were round and perky as well but her areolas were larger than Blues. She had a patch of brown hair over her sex but it was much smaller than Blue's and almost trimmed to nothing. Her hips were narrower and standing next to Blue I saw she was slightly shorter and her breasts were smaller in proportion to her height next to Blue.

My cock was well on its way to fully erect, making a tent in my nylon hiking pants. They were only standing a foot away from it, and I knew they could see my arousal. They looked at me and shrugged their shoulders as if to say "your turn". Motioning to my clothing and going as far as to kneel down and pull on my pants. When I began to move they took to the air and hovered over my body as I unzipped my zipper and wiggled out of my pants. I continued until I was as naked as they were and sat back down on my pad. They landed again, walking up my leg to inspect me now. They motioned for me to lie down and I did, my head propped up on my pack.

Their lips moved and they were again talking to each other and pointing at various parts of my body as they literally walked all over my legs, stomach, chest and again back down toward my throbbing cock. It was pulsing, hovering over my stomach and reaching almost to my belly button with the length my father blessed me with. My cock was actually longer than both Green and Blue were tall. Standing on either side of it, they both reached out with their tiny hands and began to touch my raging cock. It is hard to describe the associated sensation since I cannot compare it to anything. I mean how do you describe four tiny hands caressing your cock? The oddness did not diminish the pleasure I felt and I soon saw a clear drop of my pre-cum oozing out of my slit, glittering in the green and blue light from my new friends.

Suddenly Blue mounted my cock, actually straddled it, holding on with both her legs and arms, wrapped around my shaft. The sensation and sudden change made me jump, and my cock lurched, bucking like a bull with a rider holding tight. I could feel her breasts, smashing against the underside of my cock and the warmth of her body. She began to grind her sex onto the ridge of my shaft, running down the center of my cock. I could feel her wetness begin to spread on my shaft as she moved up and down. It was incredibly erotic and stimulating. Her secretions had a most extraordinary effect on my cock. Warmth radiated from the wetness and spread throughout my shaft, filling it with an incredible sensation. Green then came and sat on my navel, right in front of my oozing head and began to play with my pre-cum with her hands, swirling it around my sensitive head while Blue continued to grind and slide up and down my shaft with her entire body.

My heart was racing, I was breathing erratically and almost panting at the sheer amazement of what was happening to me. I watched as the little women worked on my cock with body and hands. The intense sensations of Green's on my head made my cock lurch and move beyond my control, bucking and rocking Blue who hung on tight. Suddenly, Green balled her fist and stuck her entire hand inside my penis, followed by her arm. Talk about a strange sensation! I had never had a catheter or anything like that in my urethra before and it was such an odd feeling. She rooted around in side with her arm and pulled it out, covered in my slippery pre-cum before reinserting it. She did this several more time, basically fucking my wide cock with her arm. It was such a weird thing, not particularly intense and pleasurable but the visual had my body very aroused, and my cock was producing copious amounts of pre-cum. The warmth from Blue's juices continued to increase the more she lathered my cock shaft with her sex.

What really got my aroused was when Blue began to use her ability to fly to actually stroke my cock. With her holding on tight she moved up and down with her power, effectively moving the loose skin of my cock and giving me not a hand job but a body job! Her legs and arms felt tight around my shaft and she moved up and down, rolling my foreskin up to my purple head and back down with each motion. Talk about stimulating! With everything they were doing I thought my heart would explode with how fast it was beating. Green continued to play with my effluent, until she was pretty much covered in it, because she stood and moved forward, pressing her breasts against my highly sensitive head and rubbing them back and forth up and down on my engorged glands. I have to say it was the best stroke job I have ever experienced.

My cock became overly engorged, and my balls lifted high against my shaft as I neared climax. If Green stayed where she was I was going to probably blow her right up my body as my cock erupted. I was expecting a massive climax. How could it not be with this strange and exciting experience? I don't know how or if even if Blue knew I was getting close, but suddenly she stopped and dismounted my cock, walking up my body and sitting on my chest right below my chin. She spread her legs and stuck out her tongue as if telling me what she wanted. Putting my chin to my chest, I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue to taste the most god-like flavor I have ever experienced. It cannot be described or even compared to anything I've tasted before. I could feel her small sex under my sensitive tongue, feel her lips and warm orifice, even her tiny engorged clitoris as I licked her pussy up and down with just the tip of my tongue.

The flavor and her juices made my body come to life, and it felt like I was going to cum with no stimulation, since Green had left my cock and had walked up to my left nipple. She began licking it and actually taking it into her small mouth while I continued to lick Blue's succulent pussy. I found I could just get the tip of my tongue into her sex if I narrowed the end as much as I could. She seemed to like what I was doing and I felt a gush of her liquid ambrosia spurt onto my tongue after a few minutes of doing this. Her body flashed blue and I saw her begin to shake and pull away from my tongue. I'm pretty sure I made her cum and it took several seconds before her bright light began to fade back to what I assumed was normal. Green had seen this and stood up off and walked toward her, pushing her out of the way and sitting down where Blue had just climaxed. Green wanted the same treatment as she motioned to me to begin.

Blue lay on my right chest, still vibrating and fluttering blue as I again put chin to chest and stuck out my tongue. I was expecting the same flavor, I don't know why but I was and when my tongue made contact with Green I actually pulled back in shock and surprise. It was much different but just as good. I immediately pressed upon her again, licking up the whole of her tiny pussy to find her clit and back down again. Up and down around and in, I circled her sex over and over. I watched her face as she lay between my pectorals for a sign of how well I was doing. She seemed content, but it was the light from her body that told me how well I was really doing. She increased in brightness until suddenly a great burst of green blinded me and she began to spasm and vibrate on my chest, also pulling away. A rush of her juices found my tongue in the process.

I had just made two fairies cum... it was so crazy!

I was so stimulated and aroused I thought my cock would explode at the slightest touch. Their secretions together had an astounding effect on my body the likes of which I never could have fathomed. I felt them begin to spread through my body, actually surging out through my muscles, skin, veins and bones until my entire body was alive and euphoric. My body felt like it was floating above the ground as their juices continued to penetrate my form. My cock surged with blood, throbbing over my stomach and dripping with an incredible flow of pre-cum. I had never seen anything like it before and certainly had never felt anything similar. It looked like a small dribble of urine but was thicker and the same consistence of my pre-cum. I think this was their intentions because they both stood up and walked down my body and began to lather each other up in my slippery juices as it poured from my slit. They were careful not to touch my cock, holding their hands under my flowing head until both of them shone with sparkling brilliance from head to toe in my discharge.

It was an incredibly erotic visual to behold; two gorgeous creatures taking handfuls of my secretions and rubbing it all over the other. Their perfect bodies radiated light and they began to vibrate exceedingly until they shot up into the air and were gone!

As you can imagine I was disappointed. To be on the verge of orgasm and in such a high state of arousal with my cock oozing pre-cum unnaturally all over my stomach, and then not to be brought to orgasm by them was torture. I laid there, shaking in the dark, in such a state I cannot describe. I thought about grabbing my cock and finishing myself off but I thought for sure they would return and do the job for me I didn't want to risk finishing without them if they did return.

Several minutes passed like this, my body shook and vibrated from their secretions running through me. My pre-cum continued to pour from my body though I couldn't see it in the dark, but could feel it running off my sides to the pad below. Finally, I assumed they would not return and tried to reach for my cock but found myself unable to move. I tried my other hand, nothing. My legs, head, anything! Nothing moved... I was completely paralyzed except I could feel everything. I found that only my eyes moved because I could look around and see the stars above. I became frightened amid my arousal that hadn't eased. I felt my juices leaving me in the same volume and speed and became terrified I might be drained of life eventually in this strange manner. Was this their purpose? Was I to die? What was I going to do?

I continued to try and move, struggling for any sign something was working but my attempts were in vain. I lay there for what had to be half the night, because the moon rose and climbed in the sky until it was over my head at its highest spot. The light it gave shone down on my paralyzed form and I could see now that my cock was still hard and had not stopped its effluent of clear thick fluid. I could feel it pudding around my back, butt and legs as it continued to run off my body. The pleasure had remained as well so I didn't notice the dryness of my mouth or the fatigue associated with such a loss of body fluids. I was in a constant state of euphoria even in my fear. It was sweet bliss, the wonderful sensation right before an orgasm, where you know nothing can stop it from coming no matter what you do. That was how they left me, so close, so near to the explosion of climax yet unable to reach it.

I figured I couldn't take much more and would soon just fall unconscious, never to be found again, since I rarely tell anyone where I'm going to go or how long I'll be gone. Since you're reading this you know that I survived so I'll skip to the end.

Just when I thought all was lost and my eyes closed I heard a cracking of wood and footsteps approaching. Out of the corner of my eyes I saw a light and it became brighter as it approached.

"Found you just in time," a woman's voice spoke and suddenly a face appeared in my vision.

She was older, I'd say around forty or early fifties with dark hair, a pretty face and blue eyes. I of course couldn't talk or move and didn't know what she could do to help.

"Brace yourself, this will be intense," she said just as she grabbed a hold of my cock.

With two long strokes of her hand I exploded forth a torrent of cum the like of which would be physically impossible for a normal human. The resulting pleasure rocked my entire body to its core and I screamed out in the most exquisite pleasure as movement was restored to my frame. Blasts of semen shot forth into the air, rising six to seven feet into the air. It fell like rain down onto me and the woman who continued to stroke my convulsing cock. She did not stop until I stopped sending ropes of thick white semen into the air. It lasted at least two full minutes and we were both covered in my unnatural volume by the time my cock eased. My body shook and went into fits and spasms during and lasted well after my supernatural climax.

She sat down next to me as I writhed in the aftereffects of my ordeal until I lost consciousness.

**

When I awoke it was light and well into the day. I had no idea what time or what day but the woman was still there with me.

"There he is. I was wondering when you'd awake."

"How long have I been asleep?"

"A day and a half, which is pretty typical," she said.

"Typical?" I asked, noticing the blanket covering my naked body.

"Yes, for what has happened to you."

"What exactly happened to me?" I asked.

"The fairies got you. You're lucky to be alive."

"How did you find me?"

"I saw the light show. I knew they were up to their tricks again."

"Would I have died if you wouldn't have found me?"

"Yes, a slow pleasurable death, but death none the less. Ejaculation is the cure, so don't think I did that for my own jollies, young man," she said, grinning at me.

"No, I didn't. Who are you?"

"No one... just a concerned citizen, and now that you are awake I should go. Drink your water there and eat something before you try and go too far."

With that she stood up and walked away even as I called after her to stay and to come back. I was too weak to follow after her.

I never saw her again. I even tried to track her, but her prints up and vanished less than a mile from my camp. Once I was hydrated and had some food, I hiked out of the mountains and, after a few weeks of thinking about what had happened and knowing I couldn't tell anyone, I decided to write my story down. It was the single most amazing sexual experience I'll ever have, but along with that it almost cost me my life. So if you're alone out in the woods and you see blue and green flashes of light in the night, my advice to you is run even knowing of the pleasure they can bring. You may not be as lucky as I was.
