 Notes: This is a tale. As with many first chapters, the content is high on character development, less so on explicit scenes, though nevertheless hopes to sow the seeds of some tantalizing sexual tension. By all means, I hope you enjoy this introduction to Ariana’s world, just don’t say I didn’t warn you!

*****

Ariana screamed.

Rafe jumped several steps back as his partner launched her attack, the war cry still echoing around the courtyard despite it now being filled with the strident clangs of steel. Years spent training together meant this latest flurry of blows was familiar– Ariana was frustrated – though he still had to work to block each sword stroke. The muscles in his shoulders burned and he gritted his teeth as a tiny rivulet of sweat ran between his skin and the leather jerkin he wore, maddeningly tickling its way down his spine. 

Luckily, he saw the loose stone before she did, and he maneuvered the duel towards it. Ariana’s left boot slipped momentarily on the uneven ground, though she deftly regained her stance. As Rafe could predict however, she over-extended on her next swing, giving him the opening he needed. Dodging the blow he slammed his knee into her stomach, simultaneously bringing the flat of his sword down across her wrist. Her hand released its grip on the weapon and a grunt escaped her lips as she landed hard on her back in the gravel.

Rafe stood over her, the blunted end of his training sword leveled at her throat. He remained tense, watching her keenly, though her eyes were closed. Just what is she up to now, he thought.  His gaze shifted involuntarily downward, to the rise and fall of her chest. Her breasts were usually well masked by the jerkin she wore – her clothing identical to his own - though after the hard practice session, and the winding he had given her, her ample bust strained at the leather thong binding the top half of the garment. 

Rafe shifted his weight, easing the tension his leather trousers were causing between his legs as he gazed down at Ariana. Her body had always been svelte. She was no less fit than he was, even before they had stopped using communal baths after training once they reached adolescence. Today, at almost the height of the shorter men in the Darian fighter-class as well, she was now truly marked as an outlander. Rafe still towered over her, though whilst his masculine frame bulked with powerful muscle, Ariana gained her advantage through a lean, cat-like agility – a quality that didn’t go unnoticed by any of his Darian comrades. And, despite being of higher station than himself and Ariana, Rafe was sure he had even caught a few Torian noblemen sneaking a sidelong glance at Ariana’s lithe figure as they passed the training yards in recent weeks. There were times lately when even Rafe could not totally block her blossomed femininity from his mind. 

This was one of those times.

Rafe’s thoughts drifted back to the situation before him. Ariana’s eyes were still closed.  His eyes were still on the outline of her breasts and he was now able to see her generous cleavage through the gap in her vest. He imagined undoing the thong, working down from the base of her throat. Loophole by loophole, he would pull the leather cord, revealing a little more inviting flesh with each tug. He shifted his feet as the tension in his loins heightened and his cock began to press visibly against its constraints. Ariana just lay there. Motionless. What in Mahten’s name is she playing at? he wondered. No matter, she can’t see me like this, and besides, after today’s events, I want a bath. 

Her breathing now steadied, Ariana felt the kiss of cold steel depart her skin. She listened as Rafe turned, and knew he intended to exit the courtyard, no doubt heading for his much-visited bathhouse. She opened her eyes a crack, just enough to be sure, then sprang into a crouch and swung her boot at Rafe’s ankles in one smooth motion, knocking his legs from under him. He landed on his back in the gravel, just as she had only minutes ago. Before he knew what had happened, she was on top of him, one knee each side of his hips. She flipped a dagger from her boot and pressed it to the skin below the square line of his jaw, leaning in close enough for him to feel her breath.

“You didn’t really think you could best me that easily, did you?” she snarled.

Rafe didn’t miss a beat. “I did best you, girl. We were contesting with swords, not stagecraft.” 

“We were contesting with lives.” Her voice was now deathly quiet. “And few fighters who call me ‘girl’ get to keep theirs.” 

“Oh, Ari! It’s me here.” He frowned up at her, exasperated.

She couldn’t hold her act any more – not with those green eyes gazing into her own – and burst into laughter. “I did catch you off guard though! Don’t even try to deny it!” 

“That you did.” He laughed with her, face flushing slightly at the memory of why he wasn’t ready for her ambush. “That you did.”

He felt his cock respond to her presence for the second time in as many minutes, though it was stronger now that her weight rested on his hips. He knew what he wanted to do. He wanted to reach up to her face and brush aside the chestnut wisp of hair that had escaped her braid. He wanted to let his hand slide to the back of her neck and pull her lips down to his. He’d feel her breasts pushing into his chest, her hips rubbing his cock through his leather trousers until it all became too much. Then he’d take her in his arms and carry her back to his quarters, barring the heavy door until at least dawn tomorrow. 

It was a familiar fantasy for Rafe, one that plagued his dreams almost every night. But he would not live out his dream this day. Instead, he panicked, hoping she hadn’t felt the movement beneath her, praying he hadn’t been betrayed by his desire. His prayers were in vain.

“Rafe! What are you doing?” Her merriment from the duel quickly dissolved into disgust, and she jumped to her feet. “How could you!?” 

He thought he could hear her crying as she ran from the courtyard. 

Rafe threw his sword against the nearest stone wall in frustration. How could he have been so stupid? Mahten’s Wrath! She thinks of me as a brother - of course she would react so strongly. “Damn you”, he cursed himself out loud. He looked up at the bruised sky, the sun had retreated behind the hills. Night was near. His aching muscles longed for a hot soak and a soothing ralo balm rub from one of the bath house girls. His bruised sense of masculinity longed for balm too, and although of a different sort to his muscles, he was sure the same servant girl would be happy to cater for a tall and silent warrior’s needs …