 Author's note: This story has a dominant/submissive vibe, but it lacks many BDSM conventions. It depicts the frankly outlandish sexual encounters of an all-powerful, God-like figure in a fantasy-ish world. The story describes things that would never happen in real life, but there isn't any violence or gore. There are in-universe explanations for some of what is depicted, but I've mostly eschewed that in favor of getting down to business, which is more fun.

*****

"He is here!" someone shouted.

The entire Nordish royal family, along with a stream of several dozen local nobles and officials, streamed out to the castle gate. Tetenia, the princess, walked briskly alongside her father, King Ulsan, and her mother, Queen Verena. Dozens of high-ranking nobles and other officials were behind them.

Someone opened the gate and His Supremacy entered. The whole lot of them - Tetenia, the king, the queen, the dozens of people behind them - bowed down before Him as He approached.

His Supremacy was flanked by two of His ten Queen Priestesses, around twenty of His concubines, term servants, guardians, and some other officials in His Sacred Orders and the imperial government. 

His Supremacy was wearing a simple, but luxuriant, red robe. The two Queen Priestesses, Karina and Anya, were each wearing nothing but a bra-and-panty set studded with diamonds and rare gemstones. The concubines were all wearing nothing but bras and panties, as well, each made of the finest silks, but with no diamonds or gems. Karina and Anya and each of the concubines were beautiful and voluptuous, their bodies glistening in the sun as they followed His Supremacy to the prostrate crowd of Nordish officials.

His Supremacy strode up to them, and stopped mere feet from King Ulsan. The moment He stopped, His entire entourage - Queen Priestesses, concubines, all of them - bowed down behind Him. He stood, surveying the courtyard and the assembled crowd for a few minutes.

He was handsome, Tetenia thought - lean and muscular, though not too muscular, and fairly young. She noticed a slight bulge in His robe. And He certainly knew how to make an entrance.

Ever since His Supremacy had informed them that He would attend Tetenia's wedding - now scheduled for the day after tomorrow - the king seemed more concerned with His visit than with his daughter's pending nuptials. He added several magnificent rooms to the castle to house Him and whomever traveled with Him. People talked about things they had heard about Him. One of Tetenia's uncles had performed the Term of Sacred Service last year, and said that His Sacred Estate was larger than any city he had ever seen. One of Tetenia's friends said that He had over 200 concubines. Her cousin told a rumor of a time that He had visited a neighboring kingdom and removed the king due to some minor intransigence.

While these thoughts were swirling through her head, His Supremacy addressed the king. "Speak," He said.

The king, still prostrate, replied. "Thank you, Your Supremacy. It is an amazing privilege for you to grace us with your sacred presence and to bestow upon my family the honor of your attendance at my daughter's wedding. Words cannot express our gratitude and the gratitude of our entire kingdom. This is truly a great day for us. Thank you, Your Supremacy."

His Supremacy did not respond to this, but stared directly at Tetenia. She was beautiful - with red hair and soft curves and large breasts. He then scanned the assembled crowd one more time and said, "you may rise."

The Nordish crowd and His Supremacy's entourage behind Him all stood up. The king said, "Thank you, Your Supremacy. We will show you to your quarters. They are not worthy of you, but we humbly hope that you may tolerate them. Thank you, Your Supremacy."

The crowd filtered into the castle, with His Supremacy, the Nordish royals, and His Queen Preistesses and concubines leading the way.

***

Later that evening, there was a banquet to celebrate His arrival. The hundred-plus assembled guests in the hall had to bow down as He entered the room until He gave them permission to stand. Tetenia wondered how this banquet would compare to her wedding - it seemed to require more preparation.

His Supremacy was seated at the head of a long table with Anya and Karina on either side of Him. The rest of the table largely consisted of the highest-ranking Nordish royalty and some of His top officials. Tetenia was seated partway down the table, next to her betrothed, Lord Daymon, the son of a major noble house in the kingdom and a key political ally for her father. Daymon was handsome and the heir to a significant fortune, and a respected scholar of Nordish history and literature. The union of Tetenia and Daymon would bring together two of the greatest families in the kingdom.

But while Tetenia was eating, she kept glancing at His Supremacy. It was difficult not to. He was being served by his concubines, rather than the normal household servants who attended to the rest of the guests, and she counted ten concubines lined up behind Him. The concubines served no one but His Supremacy. In accordance with the rules for dining with Him, the number of concubines serving Him was two greater than the total number of servers for all of the other guests.

Equally difficult to ignore was the fact that they were all stark naked. His Supremacy wore a robe which appeared to loosen at the front. He fondled the concubines' breasts and grabbed their buttocks and made no effort to hide any of this, while the rest of the guests tried their best to ignore it. She also noticed that they appeared to thank Him when serving Him, rather than the other way around.

A couple of times, Tetenia thought she saw Him looking at her, but she wasn't sure. She tried to participate in the nearby discussion - something about the colors of the table setting for the wedding - but kept being distracted.

At one point, she glanced over at Him and there was no doubt - He was staring directly at her. As He did this, He cupped one of His concubine Jyushka's ample breasts, and half a smile crossed His face. Tetenia tried to pretend she didn't see this, but kept glancing at Him out of the corner of her eye.

Still staring directly at Tetenia, His Supremacy squeezed Jyushka's breast harder and she moaned in pleasure. He then put His hand on her head and guided her down. Jyushka knelt and swallowed His Supremacy's cock. His Supremacy guided her head further down on His cock and she gagged a little and He smiled. The entire time He was staring at Tetenia.

The rest of the table clearly was aware of what was happening, but they did their best to ignore it. His Supremacy grabbed the ass of another concubine while He fondled a Queen Priestess's breasts. He looked again at Tetenia, but then looked away. The gurgling and gagging noises that Jyushka made as she pleasured Him - she was essentially deepthroating Him nonstop - could be heard behind the din of conversation.

Tetenia kept looking at Him out of the corner of her eye, but He seemed not to notice. He looked down at Jyushka on her knees, sighed contentedly, and stared off into the middle distance. He took a small bite of food, and called another concubine over, seemingly to say something about it. As she left he fondled her breasts, too, and Tetenia heard her let out a squeal of delight. He put His hand on Jyushka's head and sat back. Pleasure washed over His body as Jyushka choked on His cock.

Tetenia thought about what her friend Katda, who had also performed the Term last year, said about being in His Sacred Presence - the massive power differential between Him and literally everything and everyone else was inescapable, unavoidable. 

It was also undeniably sexy. Tetenia's pussy began to throb a little. She wondered what it might be like to pleasure Him. She had heard that many of His concubines were drawn from the nobility, and that some had begun to offer Him women as a way to curry favor. Tetenia herself had never done what Jyushka was now doing before, as it was fairly taboo in Nordish culture. The thought of it both intrigued and repelled her in equal measure - it was something that was done by common harlots, if at all, not princesses. Yet there He was, being pleasured openly, in front of the highest-born people in Nordland. Nobody complained. Nobody said anything at all - in fact, they all would grovel before Him if given the opportunity. She tried to throw herself back into the conversation, to distract from these thoughts.

Just as she was doing that, she felt His eyes on her again. His hand placed firmly on Jyushka's head, and He pushed His cock down to the back of throat, impervious to her gagging and struggling for air. He looked so powerful like that, Tetenia thought. He arched His back slightly, still looking directly at Tetenia. All of His tension was directed towards His erect cock in Jyushka's mouth and throat. His body was totally relaxed. He was cumming. He continued to stare at Tetenia, who realized was was going on and blushed a little. His cum shot directly into the concubines' throat, and He just kept cumming - His orgasm lasted (as they normally did) for over two minutes. Cum shot out of Jyushka's nose, and dripped out of her chin, her mouth and throat totally overwhelmed by His massive cock and His even more massive orgasm. Jyushka struggled to contain it, struggled to breathe, but she had no choice. His Supremacy grabbed Anya's breasts and stared at Tetenia, still pumping cum down Jyushka's throat, making no effort to hide any of this.

As His orgasm subsided, Jyushka's lips popped off His cock, her eyes watery and her lungs gasping for air. She said the only thing she could say in this situation: "Thank you, Your Supremacy." She meant every word.

He looked at Tetenia through nearly the whole orgasm, and she was tranfixed. Had He really been cumming that whole time? Her whole body felt flush. She thought briefly about excusing herself to go masturbate in the washroom, but thought better of it.

His Supremacy did not look at Tetenia again for the remainder of the banquet, and He did not speak to her at all.

***

Later that night, Tetenia was in her bedchambers reading, when Leshka, her servant, walked in. "Someone is at the door. He says you should go."

Tetenia looked on quizzically. "I think he is from His Supremacy," she sad in a hushed voice.

Tetenia walked to the door, and there stood a man wearing the armor of His guardians, and another man wearing a plain brown coverall. "His Supremacy commands your presence," the man in the coverall, whom she guessed to be a Term servant, said. "Follow me." 

The two men led her around several corridors, until they reached one with two kneeling guards and two kneeling Term servants. They all kneeled. "Tetenia is here," the Term servant said to one of the other kneeling servants, who scurried off into another room.

Tetenia realized that they must be near His Supremacy. She moved forward and bowed down. All who are within one-hundred feet of His Sacred Presence must be bowing down unless given permission otherwise. The guards and Term servants were kneeling at the perimeter of this zone. Tetenia knew it was customary for other guests to move into the zone and bow down. However, she would need His permission to go any further.

Several minutes later, the other servant reappeared. "You may enter," he told Tetenia.

Tetenia walked forward, and opened a door into what appeared to be an anteroom, with more kneeling guards, and then opened another door. The room inside was magnificently apportioned, certainly more impressive than Tetenia's bedchambers. His Supremacy sat, about twenty feet in front of her, in a sumptuous chair, being fellated by Queen Priestess Anya and the concubine Mia. There were a couple of other concubines prostrate on either side of where He sat, although they were not doing anything.

He did not look at Tetenia, but He addressed her. "On your knees," He said, and Tetenia immediately bowed down before Him. Tetenia had not really noticed His voice before this. It was low, deep, somewhat slow - probably only a few octaves or so above a whisper. But it exuded power and control. It was a voice that took it as a given that it would be obeyed.

For nearly twenty minutes, He did not say anything to Tetenia. The only noise was the gurgling and slurping and gagging of the blowjob that Anya and Mia were giving Him. Tetenia recognized the noises from earlier, although they were clearer this time, in a quiet room.

Suddenly he looked at Tetenia. "Come forward fifteen paces. Crawl," He said. He pushed Anya's head down on His cock and she began to gag loudly, almost choke. He sighed contentedly, and removed His hand from Anya's head, as she continued to gag on His cock. Her comfort, even her ability to breathe, did not matter. Only His Supremacy's pleasure mattered. Anya knew that.

Tetenia stopped about five feet from where He sat. Another minute or two passed, and He said "Stand up. Take off your clothes."

Tetenia did as she was told. "Turn around," He said. Tetenia turned around.

He sat back, enjoying Anya's mouth on His cock and the concubine's licking His balls, as if to consider what he just saw. "I like that," He said. "Come here."

Tetenia walked towards Him, hesitantly but with excitement. She was very turned on, but her stomach was tied up in knots. When she got close, His Supremacy pulled her in and began intently rubbing her breasts. He ran His hand up and down the small of Tetenia's back, and down her thighs. He reached over to her ass and slapped it, and Tetenia squealed. He put a finger in Tetenia's pussy, briefly. Her head felt like it was about to burst, her body a maelstrom of sexual excitement. His Supremacy was hardly even trying to do anything to her, but Tetenia's pussy was dripping wet and she was almost dizzy. She used all of her concentration to hold back an orgasm - a massive orgasm - unsure if it would be appropriate.

At the same time, Tetenia noticed that He was relentlessly shoving His cock down Anya's throat. There was a noticeable bulge. Her eyes were very, very watery and her face was a little pink - she was obviously having trouble breathing and struggling to continue. Tetenia could not see His actual cock, as it was entirely enveloped in Anya's mouth and throat. "That's good, Anya," His Supremacy said as Anya squirmed and choked. "That's so good." Meanwhile, Mia was busily licking his balls.

Suddenly, He relaxed His body and sat back. Anya was still struggling on His cock, but He appeared totally relaxed. "Yeahh," he moaned, as he sunk a bit into the chair.

He cupped Mia's breasts, then He cupped Tetenia's breasts. "Kneel before me," He said to Tetenia.

After she kneeled, He looked down directly at Tetenia. A shock went through her spine and her pussy throbbed. "Have you ever sucked it, Tetenia," He asked.

Anya and the concubine were still dutifully, almost heroically, pleasuring him. "No," Tetenia said. She wondered how Anya managed to breathe. She couldn't see His Supremacy's cock, but seemed to be quite large, if the bulge was any guide.

He said nothing for a minute or so, and He looked straight ahead. "I am about to give you a great gift," He said to Tetenia. "I hope you are grateful."

"Yes, Your Supremacy. I am grateful, Your Supremacy. I will always be grateful, Your Supremacy," Tetenia said. She had never wanted anything more in her life.

He tugged Anya's head a bit, and His cock exited her mouth. She immediately thanked Him, gasping for air. Mia began licking the shaft a little, but for the first time, Tetenia could see it. It was enormous - around ten inches fully erect, and with considerable girth.

"Tetenia, put my cock in your mouth. Mia, kiss my feet then move to the side," He siad. Mia - the concubine who had been licking his balls - thanked Him for the privilege of pleasuring Him, kissed His feet, and then thanked Him for the privilege of kissing His feet. "Jainee, lick my balls," He said to one of other concubines. Jainee, who had been bowing down a few feet away, crawled to Him, thanked Him, and began devotedly licking Him.

Tetenia took Him in her mouth. She got the tip in with relative ease, but began to feel a little uncomfortable once a few inches of the shaft got into her mouth. How did Anya do it? She wasn't even sure she could take half of it.

His Supremacy moaned a little, and put His hand on Tetenia's head, softly but firmly. "Anya," He said. "Praise me."

"You are God, Your Supremacy. You are all-powerful."

He tightened His grip on Tetenia, and pushed her down a little.

"You are greater than God. You are the God of Gods, the personification of power, a sacred being in the flesh."

He pushed Tetenia down further. She had taken a little less than half His cock and she began to gag. She was still incredibly horny, but she was getting quite uncomfortable. His hand remained firmly on her head.

"I am humbled by your sacred presence. I am not worthy of your sacred presence." Anya was working herself into a frenzy. "No one is worthy of your sacred presence. This is why we worship you. This is why our blessed and fortunate and grateful Queen Priestesses and concubines pleasure you. But nobody is truly worthy of worshipping you and pleasuring you."

His Supremacy pushed Tetenia deeper, and moaned lightly. Tetenia squirmed.

"Words cannot describe the gratitude that I feel towards you every second of every day. Your power over me, your power over everything, is so overwhelming. You are greatness. You are greater than greatness. You are all-powerful. You are more powerful than all-powerful."

At this point, His Supremacy shoved Tetenia's face further down His cock, until there were only a few inches left. She was gagging uncontrollably now and she began to resist Him as He pushed harder. She knew she shouldn't do it, but it was a reflex. Her face started to hurt and her eyes began to water.

"Your power is all-encompassing and never-ending. You are everything, Your Supremacy. You are everything, and I am nothing. The gifts that you give me are unbelievable and indescribable and there does not exist enough gratitude in the universe for me to ever express it properly. I am humble, Your Supremacy. I am humble before your greatness, Your Supremacy. I am a speck of dust and you are the whole world."

"Deeper, Tetenia," He said. "To properly express your gratitude for the gift I am giving you, you have to go deeper." She was starting to have difficulty breathing. She tried to push up to get some air, but He resisted her. He moaned lightly in pleasure.

"We are all specks of dust compared to you, Your Supremacy. We are specks of dust who kneel before you, prostrate, in awe of your incredible, overwhelming, endless, limitless power."

He pushed Tetenia down further. She moved about a half inch, then started to choke. It didn't matter. "You're going to take the whole thing," He said. He pushed her down, almost violently, and her lips were suddenly at the base of His cock. Her face was stretched out on its girth, the tip was deep in her throat. Tetenia squirmed, her body writhed, she gagged and gagged some more.

"We are in thrall to you."

His Supremacy held Tetenia firmly in place, and sighed contentedly. She began to massage the base of His cock with her lips, almost instinctively. He pushed a little further back in her throat, choking her again, but through it she began working her lip on the shaft inside of her mouth. "Yeah," He said. "That's good."

Tetenia essentially couldn't breathe anymore. She flailed her arms around. Her eyes were wet with tears, and she had quickly developed a pounding headache from a lack of oxygen. Her body and muscles ached, her knees ached on the cold marble floor. 
