 Notes: 

First and foremost, this is a tale. Hopefully, you’re reading this second installment because you appreciated the first. If not, let me just say that time is devoted to plot and character development, so please be aware of that in case it isn’t your style. Otherwise, I hope you enjoy this next glimpse into Rafe and Ariana’s world!

*****

Rafe peered through the steam, barely able to make out the form of the boy leaning against the opposite doorframe. He produced a coin from his belt pouch and flipped it across the room. The boy caught it easily in one hand and raised his eyebrows. 

“Wine,” Rafe grunted.

The boy scampered out of the room and Rafe found himself alone. He peeled off his leather jerkin and trousers, piling them on a bench, then stepped into the shallow pool, easing his powerful frame neck-deep into the water. After a long sigh, he let his thoughts drift with the steam. 

It wasn’t all that long ago that he was the boy running for the warrior’s wine, before he had been tried and tested - earning the twin blades of the Darian. No, it wasn’t a long time ago. But now, irrevocably, it was a world away.

The boy returned with a filled mug. Drinking a few mouthfuls, Rafe once again gazed unseeing into the steam. 

“Darian?” The question was hesitant, almost timid. 

“My thanks,” he murmured. “You can go.” 

The boy inclined his head and left. 

Rafe took another swallow of wine and lay back in the water. He didn’t know how much time had passed when he heard the girl pad softly into the room. Turning only his head, he confirmed what he already knew. For the staff of the Darian complex, being pleasing to the eye was a prerequisite, after all there was a chance they could come into contact with a Torian taking a tour or making inspections, and the nobility found plainness repugnant. So Rafe wasn’t surprised that the naked servant walking toward him was petite and pretty. Pretty blue eyes, pretty honey-hued hair, pretty creamy breasts and a prettily trimmed bush. What more could a warrior want? Even inside his mind, the thought dripped with sarcasm. 

He drained the rest of his liquor and closed his eyes. After a few moments, Rafe felt the girl delicately position herself on the edge of the pool, one leg to each side of his shoulders, the water half way up her shapely calves. Without words, she began to sponge his back with scented soap. 

***

Su was careful not to let any part of her body make contact with the warrior’s wet skin. She valued her life; however menial an existence it currently was, and knew all too well that to touch a Darian uninvited - flesh-to-flesh - was a death sentence. 

She continued her work with the sponge, admiring the well-defined muscles of the back of the warrior before her. She tried to concentrate but she couldn’t help but think of the stories shared with the other servant girls, about their experiences with Darian warriors in the bathhouse. Although it was their duty to serve in any way they were commanded, it was considered a great privilege to provide release for a Darian, and if a girl was specifically requested by any of the warriors, she instantly achieved a higher status amongst her peers.

Some said that if a warrior requested you enough times, he could take you as a concubine after you had served your time at the complex. Then you would be allowed to dress in fine fabrics and even wear metal jewelry, a true and formal elevation of status, not just another rung up the ladder of a contrived servant’s hierarchy. 

Su wondered if she would gain another story from today’s work. She used to blush at the whispered descriptions, graphic details they told to the younger girls of how it felt to have a Darian suck and lick at your breasts, or if you were lucky, between your legs. In more recent times, despite still being relatively inexperienced when compared with some of the others, Su would find herself giggling when the girls joked about their bath house antics. They would try to imitate the expressions on the faces of men just before they spilt their seed, or they would beg Su to tell the story of her first warrior, the one who liked to be slapped across the buttocks with the flat of his own swords. Giggle or blush aside, Su relished each chance she had to be the female character in their lurid tales, loving nothing more than to be bent over a bench and thoroughly fucked by a tall, strong Darian amidst the clouds of steam.

Su started slightly, realizing she had come close to losing her focus on the task at hand. The warrior before her must have noticed, for he stood up, turned, and sat down facing her. She breathed a sigh of relief, as his voluntary movement had given her easy access to the rest of his body. She dutifully kept her eyes on the path of the sponge as she washed his arms, chest, and thighs. 

Nearing his groin, she raised her eyes to meet his for the first time, and was startled by their intense green. She felt completely naked under that gaze, not just unclothed. And she knew that had she been dressed, the feeling would have been the same. He nodded once, silently giving his permission, and she ran the sponge between his legs, washing his manhood thoroughly, though not so much that she could be accused of lingering. Her movements were now self-conscious and she was annoyed that her composure had slipped in front of the warrior. Nevertheless, she felt a tingling between her own legs as she washed him, excited by the contact, even if there was still a sponge between them.

Su stood then and, familiar with the routine, the warrior stood with her. She stepped out of the pool and bent to pick up the large jug she had carried in earlier, realizing her position would expose her pink slit like an open flower to his gaze. Considering this, she took longer than she had to, hoping he would be aroused by the view. When she again stood upright, she was surprised that he appeared unmoved, calmly taking the pitcher from her and pouring the contents over his head. She watched him shiver as the cold water ran over his body before he exited the bath to allow her to towel him dry. Irritated that she hadn’t teased a reaction from him, Su again set about her work, having to stand on the tip of her toes to reach his shoulders. 

Keeping her eyes downcast, she asked him if he required a rub down. 

He voiced that he did.

***

In the next room, Rafe eased himself face down onto the cedar bench. The girl followed soon after, and moved straight to the colored glass bottles lined up next to a brazier. From the bench, he watched her pour a generous amount of ralo balm onto her palm, rubbing her hands together vigorously to warm them, before going to work on the tight knots in his shoulders and neck. A groan escaped his lips – the girl had been trained well. 

She deftly manipulated the muscles of his back, moving lower until she reached his buttocks. Her hands were silky soft and the ralo was making his skin tingle. As she pushed down on each cheek, he was pressed slightly into the bench. Instantly, the pressure evoked an image in his mind’s eye. It was Ariana he saw, straddling his waist earlier that day, her dagger in her hand and triumph glinting in her amber eyes. He felt the blood rush involuntarily to his loins and by the time the servant girl asked him to roll over, he was completely hard.

The girl’s eyes were drawn instantly to his swollen cock, now standing straight and proud as a warrior on parade, a drop of pre-cum already forming at the tip. Almost automatically, she reached out to move her hand over the head, using the liquid to lightly lubricate the shaft. Rafe gasped at the contact, and the girl realized she had crossed the line – he hadn’t asked for her caress – and withdrew her hand in horror. 

“Do not be afraid,” he said quietly. “I welcome the touch.” 

The girl visibly relaxed, and Rafe reached for her hand. Mahten curse me, there’s no going back now, he thought. Her hand looked small and delicate against his callused palm and he placed it again over his cock, which throbbed and twitched at her contact. The girl stifled a giggle, though her hands were already moving, exploring. He felt her gently cup his balls in her fingers, as if testing the weight of each. 

Rafe watched her as another drop of pre-cum appeared at his tip, then she was bending over him, her tongue darting out to taste the salty liquid. Rafe sighed as she enveloped the head of his cock in her warm, wet mouth. He felt her wrap her hand around the base of his shaft and take more of him into her throat, creating a firm suction with her lips. Lucion, Rafe invoked the god of fertility, she’s even better with her mouth than her hands. 

Physically, the experience of the servant girl sucking him was exquisite. It wasn’t only from her talented ministrations, but the residue of ralo left on her hands had set a tingling across his entire loins. However, his mind was elsewhere, and he felt strangely disconnected from the experience. 

All he wanted now was release.

***

Su was soon bobbing her head up and down rhythmically, expertly swirling her tongue against the underside of the warrior’s length. She found herself marveling at his size – it wasn’t the longest tool she’d come across, though it wasn’t far off, but it was definitely the thickest she had seen. When he reached down and placed his hand under her chin, she was struck with fear for a moment, but he merely lifted her face toward him, his eyes burning into hers. 

Experience told her what he wanted. She climbed up onto the bench, straddling his hips, and reached down to once again grasp his shaft in her hand. Parting her swollen pink lips with her fingers, she ran the head of his cock along the length of her slit, moaning softly as she risked the luxury of rubbing the tip over her clit. 

Here she was again, poised to fuck another Darian. Except this one was… different. It wasn’t his powerful bulk that could so easily crush her should he choose. It wasn’t even his silence. It was that almost haunted look he gave her from under his coarse black hair. Those eyes. Piercing green eyes. Su moaned again, her pussy dripping in anticipation.

Looking down, she was transfixed by the sight as she eased onto his length. Though it was almost to the point of pain, Su found the feeling was delicious as his girth stretched her open. Soon enough, she felt her inner walls adjust and began to slide up and down on him, grinding her hips into his. On every down stroke her clit came into contact with the tightly curled hair at the base of his shaft, tickling her maddeningly but not quite sending her over the edge. 

Then his strong hands were at her hips, helping her up and down, thrusting himself deeper and deeper inside her, all the while staring straight into her eyes. She felt trapped in his gaze, and tossed her head and closed her eyes in order to escape it.

Su’s breath now came in short gasps and she leaned forward, gripping his heavily muscled upper arms for balance. His expression had hardly changed as he watched her ride him, so she wasn’t ready when he tensed so soon for his climax. She felt him grow even larger for a moment, if that were at all possible, before his seed splashed up into her body. The feeling of warrior’s cum filling her was too much, and Su felt her pussy contract and lock him in a vice-like grip, her entire body shuddering with her orgasm.

Then it was over, and she dismounted. 

She felt his cum running down the inside of her thighs and ran her tongue over her bottom lip in satisfaction. She couldn’t wait to share this latest event with the other girls, and fervently hoped some of this mysterious warrior’s seed stayed inside her. That way she would have proof to flaunt when she arrived back at the staff dormitories.

***

Rafe sat up, his breathing almost returned to normal, such a recovery indicative of his Darian training. He regarded the servant girl silently for a moment. He noticed she made no move to wipe the juices of their coupling from her body. Then he spoke. 

“What is your name?”

“I am called Su, Darian.” 

“Su,” he mused, wanting to know how the name would feel on his lips. “Thank-you. That will be all.” 

After she had left the room, Rafe pulled on his leather trousers. Su, he thought. Pretty name for a pretty girl. He buckled his twin swords to his hips. If only pretty were enough. 

Leaving the bathhouse door swinging behind him, Rafe headed for the mess hall but then changed his course. The last thing he wanted was to have to meet Ariana’s eyes across a dining table, knowing that his own would be pools of guilt. No, he would take his evening meal in his quarters. It would be easier to spend the evening alone. 

For despite more than an hour in the bathhouse, Rafe still didn’t feel clean.