 "That girl doesn't know how lucky she is..."

Mari could hear the whispers of the two women close by but as she was still blind folded she was having difficulty locating where exactly they were. Damian had tied her up and left here for almost an hour. She was naked, except for a pink sash of silk around her waist. Mari didn't know what colour was around her waist though. Mari couldn't think much past the notion that she was tied with her arms above her head, and there were people staring at her! 

As time ticked on, and more people began to enter the court yard, Mari lost her fear and began to anger, until she was boiling over. The women's talk she'd just over heard pushed her over the edge, and she spoke in a way her mother would have flayed her for.

"Damian! You son of a whore! When Aliyah comes back, I'll let her cut you open!" Silence suddenly descended all around her, and she bit her tongue and tried to listen for some movement. 

"If you didn't understand before, I'll tell you again. Release me now!" Mari had found her voice and Reina was impressed. Even though she was in no position to help her friend, she admired the courage it took for the meek Mari to speak up. 

Reina watched from her prison, where Reerdon had locked her in his room perched atop his balcony. Her eyes fell with dismay upon a black head stalking toward her friend. Damian did not look like the type of warrior to take insults of his mother well. Everyone was in for a show...

He pushed his face right into Mari's and breathed angrily over her skin. "What did you just call me?" Mari shuddered visibly. 

"Let her go!" Reina shouted, and Damian sneered up at her in menace, he pointed his finger at her. Though she wasn't cowed and chided him further. "Come up here and do that to me! I dare you!" Damian looked almost tempted, until Mari said something Reina could not hear. She had at first been tickled by the idea of watching young Mari taken but now it had descended into barbarity. There was nothing amusing about the tension that now filled the entire place.

Reina scanned the court yard desperately. It felt like a vain hope indeed that Aliyah would still be here. Aliyah would not soon forget the betrayal of being disowned, for one of these men. Jorvais stepped out and looked up at her, a frown creasing his brow. 

"Let her go now!" Jorvais looked troubled, but did not respond to Reina. His dismissal of her was like waving a red cloth at an incensed bull. 

Jorvais felt a strange unease at hearing the brazen slut from before, shouting for her companion's release. Reerdon had assured him, that she was a complete wanton and not above using deception to attain her own gratification.

Reina ran back inside Reerdon' room and frantically scanned about her for something to hurl from the window. She yanked open his heavy chest and scooped up huge bundle of clothing into her arms, and then staggered as quickly as she could manage back out onto the balcony. 

Damians' and Jorvais' mutually astonished gazes locked for a moment, and cast their eyes to the incensed beauty above.

Reina flung out the clothes with all her might, and then froze for an insane moment to watch them falling to the ground. 

"Meddling little bitch..." Damian muttered viciously under his breath when he saw her grin suddenly, and turn on her heel.

Reina swung back the way she had come to gather up the rest of Reerdons shirts and trousers, and rushed back out to cast them out as well. The moment before Reina let the clothes fly, a deafening uproar from Reerdon. Shaken rudely from his disbelief, he realised the contents of his chambers were being thrown from atop of his own balcony. Reina had had a split second to stop, but threw the clothes with more force and gave her self a congratulatory mental pat on the back.

"You viperous little bitch!" Reerdon bellowed aggressively up at her, but instead of cowing her, it spurred her on. Reina ran back inside and grabbed his sword, and his many papers. She wondered to herself, if with this she was going too far, but when she heard the names he was still calling her, and the threats she couldn't quite make out -- but could guess at, she made her decision. She did not bother to check what they were. She returned to her audience and cast her arms wide. 

Reerdon jumped out of the way as his sword, came crashing down to hit the ground. He was about to retrieve it deal the whore justice for her crimes, until he heard an otherworldly demon screeching, and his blood chilled.

"You let her go now!" She screamed at Damian, as she brandished Reerdons' other sword in one hand, and a dagger in the other. "You let her go, or so help you I'll put this dagger through your chest!" 

A hush fell when Orilios came out from under the arch and walked calmly to where Mari was tied, and Damian paced back and forth in front of her like an angry lion. 

At first Reina watched as Damian blocked his path, that was until a few hushed words were spoken and then to Reina and everybody else's surprise, Damian stood aside.

Triumph and joy flooded Reina as Orilios unbound her, and then pulling his own shoulders, he swung it over the now submissive girl.

"Jorvais fetch the girls' clothes." He turned on Reerdon, and froze the warrior with an imperial glare, "Reerdon do not even think of going up to your room! Give the key to Jorvais, I was not asking!" 

Reina could not believe that her tirade had worked! Mari looked about her person, in horror at the sea of clothing, and documents scattered across the ground. No one was moving, and Damian was glaring daggers at her. Excruciating minutes later, she saw Reina hurry towards her. Reerdon looked ready to commit murder, but Reina was defiant as she stood behind Jorvais. Jorvais followed closely behind, and handed her clothing back to her. Reina helpfully held the cloak up for Mari as she pulled her dress on over her head. Once she was dressed she looked up at Orilios and mouthed "Thank you..." 

Orilios looked both sorry, and angered. There was something in the girls' eyes he recognised, but he could not place the feeling. He looked away before he spoke to the crowd...

"We do not condone mistreatment of women. If it is to their taste, then women are bound and pleasured for the pleasure of all. In this instance Mari was not enjoying it and she asked to be freed. Seconded by her companion, it must be done." Orilios' loud voice boomed off the stone back on to more silence.

From a dark corner there were gasps and then a shout. A commotion rose and both Reina and Mari turned along with Damian, Orilios and Jorvais to see the origins of the fracas. Aliyah stepped out from the crowd with her sword across her back. She was adorned with weapons, and wearing a mixture of metal and leather armour.

"You were warned about entering this place armed, mercenary." Jorvais was the one who spoke first, but unlike her previous behaviour, Aliyah ignored the hulking warrior and went directly to her two friends.

"Are you ready to leave?" She enquired softly; putting an arm across Mari's narrow, shaking shoulders. Mari nodded, and Aliyah warned Reina with her eyes to hold her silence. They walked together toward the entrance. 

Jorvais stepped out with the intention of yanking Aliyah back by the shoulder, but Orilios clamped a firm hand down on his shoulder and shook his head...Aliyah suddenly turned back, sensing the movement behind her and looked to Orilios and spoke. 

"Your Father knew no honour, but you have more than restored your families' name this day. I am in your debt Prince..." Aliyah gave a deep bow, and then steered Reina and pulled Mari away.

After they were gone and a sombre disappointment laid over the warriors and their women, Jorvais nudged Orilios impertinently, "Aliyah was mine. You had no right to interfere!" 

Damian slammed down his hand on the wooden table in angered. Jorvais mistook the warriors anger for accord, and glared at Orilios for an answer.

Orilios looked over his friends and shook his head. 

"Firstly Aliyah is not yours. Secondly she is no mercenary, and you know it! Thirdly what Damian now chooses to do out with the confines of this building is his own business. You however I would recommend to stay far from The Commander."

"You think a mere woman could best me?" 

"I think she could handle any amount of trouble you chose to cause her, but more importantly has known more than enough grief. What must she think of this place? You have shown her nothing but domination and bondage. Is that all you want from her?" 

Jorvais had to think darkly on the Princes' words. He had indeed wanted only to bind and fuck her. So help him, he'd never felt such a dark and primitive need to dominate a woman in all his life. Then Jorvais thoughts turned around and he stared into Orilios's eyes. "Do you want her?" 

"I am not blind, neither am I the other way inclined." Orilios refused to say anymore but he also refused to lie. 

Damian watched the two men who had both been his friends and companions for years now. He realised it would be very easy to dismiss Jorvais unusual behaviour as Aliyahs' fault, but in his gut he knew better. He hated how she could turn two friends against one and other without even intending to. She was more trouble than she was worth he tried to tell himself. The thought of seeing her again though...There was something about her that intrigued him. He admired the patience, and cunning she demonstrated but also the boldness of coming out in armour amidst so many warriors. She had waited silently, until Orilios had called an end to the game.

The Princes' tone piqued Damians' interest after his words had sunk in. "May I make a suggestion? We are all friends. These women have been in our company less than a full day and already we are at odds. I propose a night of more drinking, and carnal pleasures with fine willing Xelian women. Women who know how to pleasure their men, and appreciate them..." Damian and Orilios chinked metal cups, and drank deeply. Jorvais was less than quick to agree, but he knew when he was outvoted and swallowed back his wine.

Later when they sat alone, Damian and Reerdon spoke quietly about Jorvais and his strong reaction. Neither could argue the fault onto the girls' shoulders. It also sat uncomfortably with both of them that Jorvais could sweep aside a warrior so easily simply because she was a woman...

"Most...I mean some women." Reerdon amended after Damian looked sharply at his friend, "Are only good for sucking cock, and bringing wine. Others' are better for bearing children."

"You didn't have any sisters did you..."Damian told him flatly.

Reerdon shrugged his shoulders and laughed self knowingly, and then his expression changed as he remembered the way Damian had treated and talked of Mari. Damian knew a look of accused hypocrisy when he saw it, and laughed... "What is your interest in 'the alleged' mercenary?"

Damian considered Reerdons' question seriously. He didn't know. "I was impressed with her self control. She only interceded when Orilios called an end to things."

"You don't think she would have?"

"I don't think she would have. Even as it is obviously not to her taste, she would have acted once Mari had been first been stripped. It is wildly known the pink sash marks a woman as another's, but available upon request for some." He grinned lecherously at his last remark. Damian remembered fondly, some of his own acceded requests...

"She was waiting to see how the girl would react then?" The disbelief plain on Reerdons' tired features.

Damian thought for a moment before answering..."I believe so. As a Deloran soldier, she would be more than familiar with some of the tastes and traditions we enjoy with our women..." 

Reerdon snorted, thinking his friend simply as drunk and as fooled by the wench as their friend Jorvais. He mulled over his anger, and unsated desire. Three women had emptied his balls for him, but none of them sucked as hard, or as sweetly as Reina had. She was an uncommon slut, who loved a warriors' cock with a passion. It was shame indeed, that she was not still locked in his room...

Damian looked up to the pounding Jorvais was giving a pretty blonde girl over the balcony. He was using her incredibly roughly. He hadn't thought upon how his friend behaved with women... Maybe he had never cared enough to pass comment or thought, but now there something he didn't like...Damian liked to push women to their limit, and then have them beg to be taken further. He always did it gently though, Jorvais was just ramming his cock into the girl while she screamed. In pleasure or pain though, he couldn't decide. 

Finally overcome with disgust, Damian stood and strode towards Orilios. There were a lot of questions he now wanted answered about the Delorans, and his Kingly father.