 Wake up on this day snuggled up to Majesty. Look around and no one in here though can tell my clothes were washed. They are folded better than I do so giggle a little. I have not been all that dirty so was little need of the cleaning but still. Move to get up then my arm is grabbed and am getting looked at.

"Did you really with my smith?" Snort and giggle.

"Yes, we had been close to each other for most of the day and just had to. It was either spread for him or take my clothes off and find another tenfada to spread for."

"Well what if I want to see if I can take control over you?" Frown at that.

"I am not sure it would happen no matter how many orgasms you bring me to. I do not become excited being next to you. I enjoy licking and being licked but it is not my body calling for it." She frowns and grabs my nose.

"You are not helping with the mood, though you did say when I brought you off when we got up yesterday you felt apart from your body like you did with the first tenfada." Nod and shrug.

"Yes, the problem is I have never for a tenfada, have had a Brada tenfada, and the Diaden tenfada and you. I do not know what it is like for me with a tenfada."

"You also had my smith." She is giggling now then trying to push me over so let her.

Majesty follows along then I am being kissed. Respond to the kiss, it feels good and she likes to go lower to lick. Found out yesterday morning that my body enjoys being kissed like hers, though I do not reach orgasm as readily. I think it has more to do with her being a Diaden and not a tenfada, she thinks I just don't feel as much.

I do know that is not true, when her lips are pressed in to my neck right there it feels really good. Then she is dropping lower and my nipples are being suckled like she is my baby. I moan at this but no bouncing hips, just do not respond as readily to her ministrations. Probably will for Salen when we are together.

Thinking of him has me a little more excited then her hand is going in me. Whimper and moan then she is fucking me with her hand. Startled moan comes out at that, I reached orgasm and that was fast for me. A fact not lost on Majesty, she is grinning and shoving her hand in and out faster. Her head drops down to lick at me.

Well that feels good so moan some more for her. I'm not all that close to orgasm but am enjoying her hand and tongue. Reach over and try to get her to turn around on top of me, so I can lick her while she hand fucks me. Majesty is even starting to move that way then there is a knock on the door, we both groan at that making us giggle.

"Damn, I guess we are stopping there." Sigh and get up to get dressed.

"How soon do you think we will hear back from under the mountain?" Majesty looks over at me then shrugs and opens the door.

On the other side of the door we have one of the soldiers. He looks at Majesty a moment eyes wide then snaps upright and puts a hand to his chest.

"Majesty I bring word from the courier, a reply will make it's own way here." Well that has me giggling.

Majesty snorts then thanks the soldier and shuts the door again. She moves over to the bed and sits before looking over at me.

"What do you think it means that a reply will make it's own way here?"

"I do not know, remember burada are not spoken to about most things. I only know of magic because I heard a conversation about it a long time ago."

"Do you suppose they sent a courier of their own to look over what we have to trade?" Ponder that a moment then nod.

"Would seem to be the best idea. Hard to say we want this if it is not available to you." She gets up and comes over to swat me on the head.

"Sometimes you think like a rock." Grin at her.

"Am from under the mountain, there are rocks and us there." We both giggle a bit there. "I am curious why you do not have a tenfada to spread for." Gets me a sigh.

"Had, have a son even, he is out on patrol right now. The green skins like to sneak through the forest. Would prefer he not do patrol but he is a warrior like his father." Nod and pull her to me for a hug.

"Perhaps we both shall have a tenfada to spread for." Majesty giggles.

"May as well get dressed now, you are going to go make armor." Nod and smile.

"Am going to make strong armor for me."

"What did you do yesterday?"

"Yesterday I made the ax, the cup and did most of the molds for my armor. Also spread for your smith." Gets me a snort then Majesty heads for her dresser, suddenly she tosses me something.

"That is the item I promised so you can understand what is said. You will not talk in a language we understand so do try and not look like you understand anything." Nod and smile, is an attractive bracelet, then a thought comes up.

"Why did you not use that spell when I first got here?"

"Would be rude to the others there. Most of the conversation we had was overheard by all." 

Well that makes sense so give Majesty a kiss and head for the smithy. When I get there I find him trying to fill up the ax mold. We had made one yesterday but one is rarely enough when people want to test it out. So I grab the mold and bend it over a bit for him to pour in the smelt. Shake it around a bit as well until it is sitting in funnel so put it upright.

Smith stands on a chair and pours in more then pulls out the funnel so we shake it again, to get the bubbles if any out. That done we split up, he is doing the cups still and I am doing my armor. Happily most of the molds are sitting ready to be filled and I have a stockpile of steel, so I get to work on smelting that.

Once it is melted with enough metal to fill the mold in question, I pour it in. Once I have finished with all of the molds I can do right now, I go help the smith. The cups cool down faster, smaller mold and the metal melts at a lower temperature. So I rub them down while he is pouring in more metal for the cups. 

He is doing fairly well at these cups so there is not much in excess besides what you always have anyway. They also look beautiful, after the initial form I went in and added detail so there are leaves on the cup along with more vines on the stem. End up doing the cups for most of the day in fact, at least until it is drawing toward supper.

Get interrupted then, nothing bad at least mostly not anyway. A servant comes down and talks to the smith. I understand him now so I know there is a couple of men in the building. Smith nods at the servant then turns to me, to keep the illusion that I don't understand them. Course I don't think the smith knows I can understand him with a spell or not.

"Her Majesty would like it if you were to say take a walk in the building. Look for something to eat say and take the first right then left at the fourth door. I know you can understand us now, made the bracelet for you." Look down at the bracelet, up at him, then swat him on the head.

"See if I spread for you again." He snorts and grins so I know he enjoyed that, and I did as well.

Course I also think I need to get Salen here and spread for him. I am reacting fast to the tenfada I see here. It's only been two days since I got here but I am reacting stronger to them. I rather think I need a tenfada to come here and fuck me, the Diaden just are not satisfying me. Majesty does well with pleasuring at least but it's not enough.

Perhaps I am ready to produce a baby and my body is urging me to spread for a tenfada. If that is true then I need Salen. The tenfada here are not working on pregnant. These slightly unsettling thoughts are rolling around in my head as I follow the directions and end up in a library. There are two tenfada in here, both look at me then go back to their conversation.

"I still say our queen is not right in the head."

"The king died less than five years ago, mourning takes time. She is letting the prince take part in patrol again at least."

"Yes but really, she has taken that thing to bed with her." I have been looking around at all of the books, and trying hard to not be annoyed about being called a thing.

"It is progress, at least she is entertaining someone in her bed." I move on to look around at the furniture and there is a tray of sweets so move for those.

"Still think we should remove her from the throne. The prince will make a better ruler, or we can find a steward to sit in for him."

"Like you perhaps?" This has the one calling for her removal shaking his head.

"You would work perhaps, just we need to get more involved. Here now get this thing away from me." I had moved closer to get at the sweets, even sat on the same lounge he had at the far end, at his screech I turn to look at him, hopefully confused looking.

"Calm down, she is just getting some sweets." I look at the other one now, he looks back then sighs and his hands move along with saying something I don't understand.

"What are you doing in here?" I smile at him since he used that spell.

"I know it is almost supper time and was hungry. I went looking for the kitchen and ended up in here. There are sweets so I thought I would sit and wait for someone to find me to lead for the dining room." The other tosses up his hands and gets up to move away.

"You were supposed to get rid of the fucking thing." The one with the spell on looks at me and smiles, so I smile back unsure on what he will say.

"Would you like to have a fucking?" Nod and smile.

"Yes I would."

He moves closer to me undoing his pants so undo mine then reach down and undo my boots. Standing up to get my pants off he does something with his hands and he is no longer using the spell. Find this out when I sit down again and spread my legs. He moves up and nestles in at my cunt and shoves in pulling a moan out.

"You see, the thing is handy. Want a fuck and here she is." The other one snorts.

"Like I will touch that thing."

"Your loss, the cunt is hot and wet."

Luckily for my enjoyment they shut up and the one inside of me focuses on the fucking. I like this, he is moving at a good speed now. His cock is not the greatest of thickness but there is enough that I can feel it. Also feel it moving around inside of me as he fucks away. I pull my shirt up and press my bare breasts against him.

Get a smile for it then he kisses me. Oh now this feels good, my bare chest pressed against him, lips locked in a kiss, and his cock shoving in and out of my cunt. Then I orgasm on him, my insides clench on his cock in the rhythmic waves. Sadly this sets him off and I am being flooded with his warmth.

Just hold on to him enjoying the way he is flooding my cunt. He doesn't seem ready to pull out either so I'm enjoying this. Then he looks up at the other one.

"Need to find two more nobles then we can boot her out. Think I'll keep this cunt around, she is a good fuck. Apparently the rumors are true, the females obey the males. Nothing to fear from this one." The other one comes closer.

"Hot and wet cunt?" The one inside of me nods.

"Big breasts as well, I mean look at her. She is ready and willing to let anyone fuck her. Nothing not to like and if nothing else she is a good smith. Keep her on for that and a hot cunt to fuck anytime you want."

The one that doesn't like me comes closer and opens his pants. I'd rather not spread for him but well I can't let on I know what they are saying. Course I wouldn't mind another fuck, they can't satisfy me all that well. The one inside pulls out and the other moves in, he looks at me so smile and nod, his cock is a little thicker.

So he shoves his cock in and I moan, it feels good and I do want another fuck. He is moving fast right away. He also doesn't seem to care for my enjoyment, doesn't kiss me. I am able to press my chest into him and enjoy that part, but he won't kiss me. Just keeps looking at me as he pumps his cock into my cunt.

On the one hand that feels good, on the other hand I don't think I would enjoy him if he had a tenfada cock. As if to prove me right he tenses up and floods my depths with his fluids. I hadn't even gotten close to an orgasm. Do moan for him, if nothing else to make him think I enjoyed that. Well so being flooded feels good, I think I am building up to being ready to have a baby put in me.

Before he pulls out Majesty appears in the doorway. She looks at us and smiles though I can tell she is a little unhappy with me spread for this tenfada. Honestly I'm not happy to spread for him either but had to do it.

"Oh there she is. Smith said she went looking for the kitchen." The one that had me first nods and shrugs.

"Got lost and ended up in here. I asked with the spell and well she is attractive and was willing so we took turns fucking her." Majesty nods and smiles.

"She does enjoy that. If you are finished with her head for the dining room, supper is being served shortly."

The one in me nods and stands up fixing his pants. I stand as well to work on getting my pants back on. They both leave before I finish with my pants so I sit to put on my boots as Majesty comes over and sits next to me.

"Any danger of belonging to one of them?" I snort and shake my head, glad she put the spell on again.

"No, one orgasm from the two of them." Get a nod and frown.

"Sorry for that, did they say anything?' Nod and sigh.

"At first they ignored me and kept talking. The one inside of me when you came in wants to get rid of you. Taking me to your room was part of it. Offered to let the other one be a steward if your son won't work as the king. They did not discuss why he would not but I rather get the feeling they are not planning on him being the king. There was talk about how I'm a hot cunt and always eager for a fuck so would keep me around to smith and be a hot cunt to fuck." Gets me a frown then she shakes her head.

"Is that all they said?" Shake my head.

"The one going to be the steward said you taking me to your room is progress in that you are servicing someone. I do not think either really like me or my people in general. Also they seem to know that burada serve tenfada, does anyone know that besides your friend?" Majesty frowns hard for a moment.

"We made notes on that. Talked to one of my generals and it is possible a servant spotted the notes and read them. Can take care of that easily enough, talk to the servants and the general, see who else knows. I'm more concerned with those two, they are not one of the more vocal nobles who dislike me."

"The one you found me spread for is the one pushing for it. The other was not willing until he fucked me." Majesty nods and sighs.

"I'd like to know how the hell I can arrest one or both without making it obvious you understood them." 

"I do not know, don't do magic." Get a snort then a grin.

"Also making me late for supper, come on let's go eat and I can consult later." 

Nod and smile as we stand up then I am getting a kiss. I would like to continue the kiss with licking on me, my cunt is rather eager for a hot fuck. As we head down the hallway I figure I better mention this.

"I think we may need to get a tenfada here soon. I seem to be becoming more ready to just spread for anyone." 

"Is it killing you or something?" Shake my head.

"Not doing that as far as I know. Also the first time I have been ready to spread. For all I know my body is trying to get me to spread for a tenfada and pregnant." 

"What if we do not get one?" Have to shrug then realize we stopped walking.

"I do not know, it may get to a point where I need to be naked and spread for anyone that comes by. Just being near one of the Diaden tenfada is getting me more excited than it did when I got here." Majesty sighs and nods.

"Well let us hope we have one walking here. I suppose if nothing else we can find out if spreading for me helps on the control thing." Nod and sigh, I'm not really looking forward to just spread for any tenfada.

Continue on to the dining hall and stop in shock. The cups are out being used right now, all those cups we made today plus the few from yesterday are seeing use already. Majesty pulls me over to the table and we sit followed by everyone else. Grab up a cup with her and look it over, it is a remarkable piece of smithing I'll say that.

Honestly I surprised myself, never done leaves like this and yet, the leaves look good. Everyone at the table seems to think they are beautiful cups so there is plenty of praise to the smith. Not so happy with that part, I made the original cup and did a good portion of the additional art to the mold.

Still I am a smith and even if twenty smiths worked on one thing, praise to the smith means all of them. Not the best of praise since the twenty would have worked on different parts anyway. Not that most understand or care, they only care that it's made and looks nice. Supper is brought out now and I am happy, they made salad with mushrooms.

We eat mushrooms often under the mountain, usually what the dirt is for though other plants are grown. The dressing provided is a good one as well so I am all smiles over my plate. Gets me a smile from the servant who brought it out along with the cook standing in the doorway watching.

"Why does your friend never dress up?" I start at that, the tenfada spoke up and I was not expecting conversation though this is the first time we have had guests.

"She is a smith after all, quite protective of her things. Had to yell at the servants to get her clothes washed." I keep following the voice though they are not using the spell so I'm supposed to be clueless.

"Surprising, one would think a smith does not need to worry about their things." Majesty shrugs.

"Perhaps it is because she is female, they do not get a fair shake under the mountain. Could ask her, the spell is a simple one after all." Both of the tenfada shake their heads.

"Is it true you sent a message to the mountain?" Majesty nods.

"Became aware of things we could use here and perhaps we have things they would like. She enjoys our food so would think they would appreciate a trade of food stuff for metals or stone." Not quite what she wrote the letter about, though that was in there.

"Improved trade is a good notion, though what would we use more metals for?"

"Those new axes, if they are as good as the one she has we will need improved steel production and we can't do that with our mines. Also think we can get enhanced shields, the one she made is quite good, according to her good enough to stop anything up to a dragon." I am enjoying this salad, it is quite good and the conversation is a little interesting.

"I heard about this shield, it is rather large." Majesty shrugs.

"That one is for her to use, apparently the design is intended for patrol under the mountain. If I have her make new shields they will be smaller to fit with our uses. They take a while to make so would be a slow upgrade but any improvement is good." Plenty of nods then the tenfada decide to eat.

Oddly enough they eat fast. Like they don't want to taste the food just eat it and be gone or something. Rather odd but then maybe they have decided on eating and leaving. They seem to have decided on their course of action after all. Glance at Majesty and she looks a little perplexed on that as well.

Still there isn't much to do about it so we all just eat. Noticing the cook still looking I wave my hand then shrug and smile. Gets me a smile in return and she exits the doorway. I guess wanted to be sure the food is good. I can understand the sentiment, if I am making food for someone I would want to know they like it.

I like to be told how good my smith work is, though have to admit the fuck after fixing the wagon was the best thanks I've ever gotten. Has me look at Majesty again, I wonder how long before we retire to bed and fuck. Last night we went early to enjoy each other and it was lovely, first time we licked each other at the same time and I really enjoyed that.
