 This installment is more about character development rather than erotic play, and please take that in to consideration before rating it. I welcome all feedback, much thanks and enjoy.

**********************

Ali's breasts swelled and pebbled under Jorvais' hot suckling lips. He was murmuring things erotically to her, in a language she did not understand...

"What are you saying to me?" She breathed huskily up at him.

His cold blue eyes blackened to a dense opaque. Aliyah felt her breath catching as she saw the warrior astride her naked arching body, transforming...The black eyes made him seem less man, and more demon. He was possessed with his lust for her.

Jorvais was losing control of himself by degrees. Every tiny mewl of pleasure he sucked from her defiant luscious breasts, had him tamping down his base instincts. From the first moment he'd seen her, he'd wanted to strip her and fuck her over the tavern tables. He'd wanted to brand her firm high bottom, with his hands. What he was doing now, was not enough. Simply taking her, would not satisfy him. He needed her to see him taking her. Suddenly he sprang from her aching body, and he stalked around the bed and pulled her roughly to her feet. When she realised the direction he was dragging her was back to the balcony, she began to fight him in earnest. 

"No! You won't humiliate me again! Your perversions disgust me, let me go!" Ali managed to tear a hand from his steel grip, and she pooled all of her rage into her clenched fist...

Jorvais felt his head explode with stars. He dropped the crazed girl immediately, sending her flailing for a solid to break her trajectory. She found it quickly, and caught herself upon a wooden chest. Ali then eyed the blue curtain and gave it a hard yank, pulling it from its binding loops. 

Jorvais finally regained focus, and had to shake his head to clear his blurred vision. His little mercenary had swathed herself in an unending amount of blue curtain. She'd punched his square in the jaw! He'd never been attacked, successfully or otherwise by a female in his entire life. His mind couldn't formulate the knowledge. A flash of silver grabbed his attention, and he had to take a step back as his bed mate had begun advancing upon him. 

"That's my knife!" He shouted in befuddled rage.

"Well balanced, it is a nice piece." She replied thoughtfully and admiringly. 

She watched him with cold satisfaction as his senses cleared and he finally recognised his danger. Her eyes were brimming over with blood lust.

"Return it...You do not know your mistake Aliyah." He spoke ominously, and a lesser female would be cowed to submission, but she was no mere girl...

"You have dishonoured me pig...And pigs, meet a fitting end more often than not." 

Her audacious words impressed him immensely. So much so, he grinned openly at her guile and bravery. Clasping her blue curtain to her chest with one hand, and grasping the knife correctly in the other, for a controlled strike, he conceded his defeat and retreated. 'This was too easy.' She thought disbelievingly.

"Toss me my clothes and stand behind the bed."

"Put down the knife, and I will obey your request."

"Pass me my clothes, or I shall bury this dagger in your head."

"Seems reasonable." He grumbled under his breath, whilst gathering up her clothes, and then tossing them to her bare feet in a heap.

She slowly bent to the ground and placed the knife upon the floor, and then deliberately began to dress. Never taking her eyes from his, she pulled on her hated womens clothes, and then bent to the fastening on her shoes. Lastly she refastened her thong belt, doubling the knot and making a show of securing it tightly around her small waist. She acknowledged his honour for not attacking her when she'd placed down the knife. It had been a huge risk, but she had no real intention of hurting him. He pleasured a woman too well to meet such an end.

"You're stunning..." His tone soft and admiring; making Ali turn in surprise. She had moved to the door and then suddenly froze.

"You're a fool. Reina can whore for both our lands combined, but I want Mari with me now. Will you fetch her for me?" There was nothing soft or pleasant in her tone now. The yielding lips from before were still pouty and moist, but they were full of silent menace.

"She will be with Damian, and he does not like to be disturbed when he's entertaining company. I am truly sorry, but he will not yield her company to you until the morning..." 

"Will he not?" She asked with false calm.

Stepping close to him, her eyes did not even reach his shoulders, but she gazed up at him and set her jaw. Jorvais was stunned by the courage and energy she projected, he was mesmerised by her. Having given him the full effect of her silent rage she stepped past him and preceded him down the fire lit corridor. 

"I suggest you provide me escort, otherwise who knows what could happen to some of your men..." 

He heard the smile in her voice, and grinning like an ass corrected his clothing and followed her. Aliyah felt his pace behind her and felt more secure knowing he was with her. She knew though, how ironic a feeling it was. He guided her gently down long winding stone stair cases, and out into a circular court yard. As she looked up, she could clearly see Jorvais' chambers. Gritting her teeth, she turned to glare at him. He looked a little sheepish, but he was far from contrition. 

There were long wooden tables set out, and a number of high roaring fires. Ale was being drunk with no regard, and there was a smell of peppery spice, and cooking meat filling the air. For a moment it brought back memories of home, and a different fort and a different cast of warriors... Jorvais watched her silent withdrawal with piqued interest. He reluctantly moved away from her for a moment, to obtain two steel chalices of orange grape wine. It was bitter, but strong and he thought they could both use it. Ali turned to see Jorvais moving a short distance away toward a large table stocked with alcohol. Turning in a circle, she eyed the each open balcony. There were still even now a few couples copulating for the audience bellow. She turned her eyes away and her gaze happened upon earlier company.

Without waiting for Jorvais, she approached his friend Orilios as he sat alone. His intense green gaze met hers when he turned his head to see who approached, as he brooded. She smiled at him suddenly and it surprised both of them. 

"Ali, it is a pleasure to see your beautiful self again." 

"Your company is also much appreciated also, when in comparison..." her words trailed off with a curled lip, and a drop in pitch. 

"Am I correct assuming, the company you found was less than you'd hoped?" 

"Your Commander..."

"He is not 'my' commander." 

Surprised Ali searched his intense eyes. They were the same colour the Pearl Ocean turned when a storm approached, and the waves were turned up with white frothy surf. Her earlier train of thought momentarily suspended, she looked harder. 

"Then who is, your commander?"

"I am." He smiled smugly at her expression, just as Jorvais set down her drink before her.

"But what I am dying to know, beautiful Ali is who you are?" Orilioses' words grabbed Jorvais attention by both balls.

"I am no one..." 

"Are you not a Deloran mercenary?" Jorvais' tone wasn't judgemental or harsh but it triggered her anger.

"I am no outlaw." She spoke through gritted teeth.

"Then who are you?" they asked more insistently.

She sat back and studied them both silently; weighing up the pros and cons of telling them about her past.

"Alright," she said, "but first you tell me of your birth rights and families, and how both of you came to command?" Jorvais and Orilios both shared a smile, and they Jorvais decided to go first.

"I was born of a wealthy family, and I inherited my grand fathers title and command." Ali noticed though, that he didn't mention his family, or his command.

"And I am not actually of Xel, I am on loan if you like from my own land Amenia..." 

"Since you've both answered my questions so well, I will answer you both just as honestly. I am Deloran." She raised both eye brows at them in challenge, and took another deep gulp of the bitter orange liquid.

"Orilios is the Amenian Prince." She nearly choked when Jorvais' words penetrated her thoughts.

Slamming down the steel chalice, she snarled. "Is that true?" Her fury had not shown so violently for almost two years. She watched in consternation as he rose to his feet, and bowed deeply to her in a most 'princely' manner.

"Your Father is a coward and a murder..." Orilios lost his humour and his face turned white with fury.

"Aliyah, you should mind your manners, when speaking to royalty and your betters." Jorvais spoke.

She couldn't feel her hands as she reached for the steel cup, and she didn't feel anything when her fingers nails dug into the steel. Two of her nails broke under the force, and her fingers began to bleed. 

"My Warriors defended our city to the last handful of men. My men died in their thousands when the your 'King' refused to endanger his own men, by refusing to aid our land when we were ravished by first the deliberate spreading of the Lesian plague, and then when our people were sick and could barely lift a sword to defend themselves, set upon by the filth of the demon hordes. Too giddy with glee, he let our beautiful country be burnt to nothing." 

"Your Warriors?"

"My bloody, brave, Warriors! They were my men, and I was their Commander!" Ali's voice was harsher than the rasp of death. She expected the look from them. She was supposed to have burned in the castle, along with the last of them, but she hadn't.

"We offered you solace, and a new home!" He tried to argue.

"Your offer disgusted me, as it did it my General. You offered the thought of nobility reprieve, but you did not send aid."

"Ori is not responsible for his fathers' decisions." Jorvais was small voice of reason, but it comforted little.

"You are not my better..." Ali snarled finally under her breath.

Orilios reached his hand across the rough wood and clasped her shaking hand in his. She heard herself growl, and wrenched it out of his strong grasp. 

"Forgive me." He said quietly to her. "We came too late. The city was a charred shell when we arrived. Nothing remained, not even the bodies..."

"Enough...The past is gone, and no amount of assignment of blame will change the outcome. Jorvais you will summon your friend, and bring my companion to me now, or so God help you..." 

"Aliyah, I mean no disrespect but your friend will be at this moment will be being thoroughly occupied. You missed their show, by only seconds..."

She turned her eyes on Jorvais and they held malevolent promise. She got to her feet, and walked away from them. Jorvais decided to let her go, because he knew his interference would lead to blood shed. Aliyah stalked up the stairs, and couldn't remember the exact way Jorvais had directed her. Two large warriors wearing chain mail vests approached casually from the opposite direction. Smiling coyly to them she asked them for assistance.

"My Lords," she began flirtatiously," could you direct me to master Damians' chambers. I have an audience with him this eve, but I have been turned around and I have lost my bearings." The fairer of the two smiled darkly at her, and boldly cast his eyes over her body. 

"Take the second left corridor, and ascend the stair way two levels, his chamber is the last door on the far wall. You'll remember the Coat of arms across from the door, when you see it again..." 

Without further comment she dismissed them and strode purposely toward the warriors chambers. 'Lord as you are my witness, I will cleave his head from his body for daring to humble my friend.'

A little while later, after Damian collapsed back upon his bed, he lay panting happily. He'd taken Mari twice and now he looked forward to the delicious day of carnal pleasures, that awaited him tomorrow. Or so he thought...

He was just drifting, when some fool began thumping fiercely upon his door. He roared at them to leave, and for a heart beat the banging ceased. Taking a deep sigh, he rolled over to shush Mari because his sudden burst of fury startled her.

"By the Sire of Hell, open this bloody door!" He heard a woman bellow.

"What in Red Hell?" He swore when he catapulted to his feet, quickly finding a pair of trousers and jumping in to them.

"That's Aliyah!" Mari gasped stunned. 

Damian looked back at Mari's surprise and scowled in cold fury. Jorvais could obviously not temper her, but my Hell he would! A moment later the heavy door was yanked open, but before he could muster anything to say, she had already shoved past him and was gathering Mari's clothes from the floor. 

"Mari honey, we're leaving." She didn't sound angry when she spoke, but when Damian cleared his throat, Mari suddenly looked to him.

"I am not some mere girl, soldier. I am neither some mere outlawed Mercenary. I tell you now, our lands may have been burned, and our people scattered. I am still a Deloran Commander, and believe me when I warn you, you will find yourself cold and in an early grave if you hinder me in anyway." 

He could not doubt her, and he looked on in silent frustration as Mari quickly threw on her clothes and scuttled from his bed and to her friends side. He wanted desperately to argue with her, but his weapons lay by the balcony on his chest. 

Mari felt desperate. She didn't want to leave her lover so soon after finding the delights he rained down upon her still tingling form. Helpless but to obey she moved out the open door, but not before defiantly reaching up to place a kiss upon his cheek. Damian wanted to argue, but Mari forlornly shook her head in resignation. He threw a filthy scowl in Aliyahs direction, and then brushed an affection caress down Mari's soft cheek. He found he'd underestimated how much the innocent girl had already gotten under his skin.

"You mistake my intent, Commander." He spoke seriously to Aliyah, whilst he still cradled Mari close.

"You fucked her over the balcony!" She shouted in outrage.

"I pleasured her...Didn't I beautiful?" His eyes were soft and clear when he touched her, but they glittered and darkened to rage when he turned them upon Aliyah.

Aliyah felt herself sneering until she gawped when she watched Mari nodding, and push her face into his chest. Mari's big eye's creased with sadness and disappointment when she reluctantly looked to her. It made Ali's chest cleave with a tight pain. Her friends' betrayal cut deeper than she'd ever experienced before.

"Come with me? Or stay with him. Your will is your own." 

Mari's eyes stung at her friends tone. She had never beheld such a detached look before from Ali. She watched her eyes narrowing when she didn't step out of his embrace immediately.

"Fine!" she snapped suddenly making Mari flinch. "You know where to find me, should he grow weary of his groin play " Aliyah was out of the door and stalking angrily down the way she had come before Mari could call her back.

Mari stood sobbing in Damians arms, and he seethed with rage. The insolence of the girl, but her earlier words suddenly came back to him. He'd been so surprised when she'd first threatened him, he'd not processed her words properly.

"Was she telling the truth?" 

"She's been moving from place to place for the last two years. She's been looking out for me for nearly a year. She's a warrior, just like you..." Damian didn't get any more from her, as she sobbed. 

"It will be alright. When she has calmed, we'll go and see her together in the morning." "If she's still there..." She sniffled into his chest.

Damian shut the door, and mused silently to himself. So much trouble for a night's pleasure; the question was, was any of it worth it?