 I was riding my push-bike around a usual circuit I had found some months earlier and had been using to keep my cardiac fitness to an effective level and was enjoying different sections of it as I became more familiar with the hills, rises, berms, which are sharp bends with a sloping surface and I had even found a few jumps to launch myself into.

There was one treacherous pathway along a back laneway where there seemed to be a number of wasps I would occasionally sprint my bike through to avoid getting a sting. I thought the numbers were building up and a nest must have been established somewhere near the path. It was probably at the stage where the sterile females were developing and growing the nest and protecting the queen's hatching eggs as the numbers increased.

I had decided it might be better to change the route to avoid aggravating the residents of the nest as I flew past every morning, but force of habit saw me riding past the hidden nest when it had become a problem.

Sprinting through a large cloud of hornets, I could feel a sharp stinging sensation building up on my back below the left shoulder. I slowed the bike and finally dismounted and dropped the bike to the ground and rubbed the area of pain on a nearby tree as I couldn't reach it with my hands to scratch it. 

I felt faint and fell to my knees, unable to hold my balance standing. I felt a pins and needles sensation around the sting. It spread throughout my body. On all fours, it took all my resolve to remain conscious and stay calm. 

All my strength seemed to leave me and I thought I was paralysed, but something else was happening. I was becoming sexually aroused. I could feel my penis filling with blood and hardening. Within about 30 seconds of the original sting, I had the hardest erection I ever had. But I was helpless to hide it, or touch it. 

I wanted to touch every part of my body, but I couldn't move anything. I couldn't even raise my head to try and see how noticeable it was. I felt pulses between my legs and throughout my groin area as my arousal seemed to continue to increase. I felt my sexual response continuing to increase until a climax approached. 

Although I couldn't move, I couldn't relax either and I began to feel tiny twitches build up at the base of my penis and around my testicles until I could not prevent a gasping ejaculation into my clothes. Without any intent whatever, I experienced an intense climax completely outside my control. 

After the intensity of my orgasm ended, I wondered what else was going to happen to me. I started to panic and await some further symptom even beyond paralysis and uncomfortable tingling. Was I going to die from asphyxiation because I would stop breathing, or my heart just stop functioning, or what? 

Once I considered death as a possibility, I became calm and just lay on the ground awaiting my fate. Nothing happened. I kept breathing began to get movement back in my extremities first, then my wrists could bend, my ankles, knees shoulders, hips and finally, my strength returned and I tentatively sat up and moved to my hands and knees, and tentatively climbed to my feet again.

After resting a little longer, I remounted and continued my ride without any apparent effects. Aware of the possibility of some side effects that a bite or sting from many insects can have, I was relieved to recover unaffected.

Next evening, I called up Jackie, a friend I have ridden with occasionally and someone I have encountered at the tennis group I play a social match with on weekends. She is shorter and probably slimmer than most serious sporting competitors, but she had legs with defined muscles and seemed to make a difficult game like tennis look easy because of her speed and anticipation. 

She had played a few games with a group of friends but proved to be several levels ahead of the other players and had searched for another group who played at a higher standard. I asked her for a game and told her I would definitely take a few games off her this time. But I admitted that I needed to improve my game and could use some serious opposition to try and improve my reading of the play and particularly a return of serve. 

Jackie agreed to play a set with me. I think she remembered the time I stopped to help when I saw her walking with her bike, about five miles from her home. I repaired her tyre puncture by the road in about 15 minutes. She was grateful at the time and now I thought she was returning the favour. 

We played a one-sided game. She won the toss for who served first and surprisingly said, 'Your Serve Davis.'

I won the first game in a cooling slight breeze after a tense struggle, but for the rest of that set I couldn't get close to her. We were about to start the second set when the breeze freshened and some clouds darkened the sky and rain restricted any further play. 

I escorted her to the change rooms and we sat together on a bench and had a soft drink from the clubhouse refrigerator. I could feel the fabric rub over the bite I received from the wasp the previous day while I was riding. It was still having a strange, but reduced effect on me after what happened yesterday. I wanted to keep touching it for the effect it was having, but I couldn't reach it. Jackie noticed me unsuccessfully trying to reach the skin to rub it and asked about it. 

'It's a wasp bite I think Jackie,' I said.

'Show me,' she said with some concern in her voice. 

She lifted the bottom of my shirt and looked at it for a moment.

'Your skin seems to have inflammation below your left shoulder. 

'I can't reach it to touch it,' I said. 'What does it look like?'

'It looks like an infected bite. Is it sore Davis?'

'No, it's not at all. Is it swollen on my skin or smooth?'

She touched it and said, 'Your skin is very smooth and cool to my touch. Can you feel anything tingly where the sting is?'

'Tingly? Not at all. What do you mean, Jackie?' I asked doubtfully.

She answered, 'I guess it's me. My whole body is buzzing. Oh dear. Something's happening to me?'

Jackie began to fall forward and I caught her before she lost her balance. She was looking right at my face as she swooned a little. I thought she was going to pass out and I held her to stop her from falling. I gently lowered her to the floor and checked her breathing and pulse to see if anything was wrong. She seemed to be normal as far as I could tell. 

She must have been affected as soon as she touched my healing wound. 

I was bewildered. If she was affected in this manner and to this degree by touching my almost healed wound, why was it having such a reduced effect on me? 

'Can you talk Jackie? What can you feel? Is there pain anywhere?' I asked, concerned for her well-being.

'I'm feeling incredible. Touch my arms Davis, then my legs. You have to touch me.' I held her hand and she ran my hand up along her arm.

'Take my socks and shoes off and touch my feet and my legs. I feel it like a need. Please Davis?'

With every new part of her body I touched, she reacted with a soft high-pitched sigh. I slowly moved my hands up along her legs and felt under her shorts.

She said, 'I don't think I can move. I want to take my shorts off. Can you do it for me please?'

She sounded very serious, but even more than that, she was beginning to sound desperate. 

'Are you sure. Here let me pull them down for you.' 

I pulled her tennis shorts down and her nickers came down with them. I could see the light wispy hair at the top of her impressive lightly muscled legs

My cock became instantly hard. Her legs were her best asset and I had stripped them bare.

'Your nickers have come off. Shall I put them back on for you?' I asked.

'Leave them off. Just feel everything. Strip everything off me and feel everything. Why is it I can speak and not do anything else? Am I paralysed or what?'

'You seem to be able to feel everything. We'll keep testing everything and if you don't respond, we should probably call for help.'

I was in intense conflict. My relationship with Jackie had not to this point been tactile, and in no way included any exchange of body fluid, although her body was extremely appealing. Now that I had seen her almost naked, I was caught between her demands for assertive carnal exploration and a possible change of mind. As I removed my telephone from my shorts, I set it to record and caught the rest of our personal encounter on a clear audio recording with the mobile phone recording beside her head, our voices would be clearly be heard.

'Forget about all that shit now. For God's sake will you take the rest of my clothes off, and your own while you're at it. Just feel me all over, every part of my body and do anything you want with me. Roll me over and feel my arse. Stretch me and pinch me and slap me. I'm abandoning my body to you. I'm ready and very willing. Are you able Davis? Make no mistake. I want everything.'

My God. My prick responded to that little homily with impatient excitement. That short speech was almost enough to trigger my orgasm. 

I quickly but awkwardly removed all my clothes, and my swollen cock sprung to attention as I freed it from my jocks. 

When we were both naked, I turned her over on to her stomach and began kneading her arse cheeks, firstly with light touches, then firmer and firmer until I wanted more access to her light pink/brown hole. I pinched her rim harder and harder until I was using all the strength I could summon and she continued to sigh.

She voiced a long soft moan as I explored her tight arse hole, revolving my fingertip in her light brown hole. I thought I detected a small movement of her own as she tried to move her derriere to accept more of my finger.

I penetrated her hole with my index finger and rotated it around and around until she began to shake as though a spasm had racked her body. 

When she stopped gasping, I slowly ran all my fingertips spidering down her back from her neck, shoulders, over her shoulder blades, the small of her back, over her buttocks, down the outside of her legs, each leg a few inches at a time, to try and give maximum effect to her. It seemed to be working. 

Reaching her feet, I proceeded back up the inside of her legs, and her sighs became soft moans again. I was gradually torturing her as she expected my fingertips to invade her dripping wet cunt. 

I carefully rolled her onto her back, probably at a moment where she was closest to having her strongest need fulfilled, but I was beginning to consider my own desires. I wanted to comprehensively fuck Jackie's tidy little body that had always promised so much, but somehow our interactions never seemed to allow it to proceed.

She seemed to have made it clear to me that she needed to be fucked as soon as possible. My erection was hard like cement and throbbing with an urgent need. 

But I still had to deal with her condition. 

'Jackie, I need to find out what's happened and what's happening to you.'

'Then I suggest you fuck me and observe my responses. How about that for a test?' she said urgently. 'You're cock looks hard enough to me and I'm as wet as I've ever been and we're both naked. If you don't fuck me now there must be something wrong with both of us.'

I moved her legs wide apart and lifted her knees up high and began avidly sucking the fluid dripping copiously from her cunt. After a minute of greedily sucking and licking her between her gorgeous legs, I heard her stop breathing for a few seconds and she began contracting her muscles, relaxing then tightening her muscles closing her vagina tightly with each frantic orgasmic spasm. 

Unlike me, I have found some women like to be fucked after an orgasm, and while she was still having after shocks, I speared her dewy cunt with my throbbing cock while she lay with her arms and legs spread wide. 

She said, 'Go for it Davis. Fuck me as hard as you can. Just FUCK me.'

I always like to try and please my partner when I have a chance to, so I did what I was told and fucked her like a bush pig on stimulants out in the wild. I felt her hands on my arse, exploring me and triggering more obscene thrusting, then the information was driven home when her feet hooked around my thighs and she began responding physically to my efforts.

'Jackie, you've got your movement back. You're going to be OK,' I said with real relief.

'Don't stop now. I going to come again,' she said kissing me with her arms around my neck. 'Therapy's over now, so just fuck me because I want you to,' she demanded talking through her salacious kissing.

Now her whole body was responding and we were both fucking as though a primal urge demanded we ravish one another for the next ten minutes until we were both utterly spent.

We remained still in each other's arms for another minute, then I stood up and helped her to her feet. 

After she had slowly recovered her balance, she said, 'Thanks for that Davis. I don't know what happened, but I think you cured me. I feel fine.'

We dressed in silence and as I walked back to my car, I asked 'Can I call you later to make sure you're still OK?' 

'Yes, do that. It would be very nice.'

As she drove away, I resolved to find out as much as I could about those wasps. 

I reached for my mobile phone and replayed the recording to test its clarity. Satisfied, I called Doctor Gordon about my wasp bite to make sure there was nothing wrong with me. 

The next day, I was to meet Dr Emily Gordon, a beautiful brunette, a new addition to the local medical center. She attended to me when my usual doctor had been away on holiday. I was delighted to find her a very warm and confidence inspiring doctor. But what was most pleasing was her gorgeous smile and her twinkling bright brown eyes as well as her very shapely body.

She told me she would ask her husband to pick her up when I left after she had finished her notes. She had a no vacancies in her book, but would remain back late to attend to me. I was getting excited at the thought.

The man who entered before me, now in the waiting room reading as I entered her consulting room might have been her husband, or another patient awaiting another doctor's attention.

While I was waiting, I re-set my telephone to record my visit. I didn't want any doubt as to who initiated what if this consultation headed in another direction. 

She greeted me and invited me to sit in her patient's chair. I could see up her grey skirt to a glimpse of her yellow nickers as she sat on the edge her desk in front of me. 

'What brings you here today Davis?'

'It's probably nothing, but I seem to have been bitten or stung by a wasp as I rode down a lane-way. I lost my balance and felt faint a few moments. I may have passed out momentarily, but there appears to be no other after effects. I thought I should check with you before jumping to conclusions,' I said. 

'Where were you stung? Let me see,' she said.

'Just below my right shoulder at the back,' I said. 

Take off your shirt and let me have a look,' she instructed me.

I removed my shirt and she spun my chair and looked closely at my wound. 

I asked, 'Is it swollen, smooth, hot or normal temperature? I can't quite reach it my self,' I said.

I knew it was smooth and cool to touch but I thought it was her role as a doctor to inform me, or in this instance to confirm what Jackie had told me.

She rubbed her fingers and then her hand over the surface. 

'It seems to be inflamed and that would raise expectations of a higher temperature, but it is cool and smooth to my touch. Are you having any tingling sensations?'

'No. I did at the time I was stung, but now it just feels pleasant to my touch, though I can't reach close to it without pushing my arm with my other one,' I told her demonstrating. 'Do I need any medication or something to put on it doctor?' 

She quickly moved away, closed her eyes and slightly shaking her head, reached out to my hand to steady herself.

'Goodness, I feel like I might faint. Can you call. . . .' 

Her voice trailed off. I helped her to the chair I was sitting on to steady her. She was frantic and I tried to calm her. 

'I think I know what's happening to you doctor. If you can remain calm, it will pass in about 30 or 40 minutes. You will need to relax safely so you don't fall. I'll lower you to the floor. You might feel a need to touch or to scratch yourself. I will set my mobile phone to 'record' and you can play it back for any information you might want to analyse later. Is that OK?'

As I spoke to her I lowered her to the floor and I placed my mobile phone beside her head so it would pick up her voice clearly

'Yes. That's a good idea.'

'Can you move Doctor?'

She tried but there was no movement. 

'No. I can't move.'

'I'm going to feel your legs and test your sense of touch. Can you feel this?'

'Yes. You must continue to feel my legs.'

'You can speak, but otherwise, you are unable to move. Is your breathing normal?'

'Yes Davis, my breathing is normal. I must say I still have a heightened sense of touch, which is unusual with paralysis. Now you must begin removing my clothing.'

'Shouldn't we wait for your husband to get here Doctor Gordon?'

'No, I can't wait. You must strip me naked. I want to feel your hands all over my body. Don't leave one stitch on me.'

I was very shocked, but not too surprised. Once I determined what she was asking, I was more than willing to comply. My cock was growing quickly and I savored the feeling of increasing arousal.

Kneeling, straddling her body, I unfastened the buttons on her blouse, pulled her to a sitting position, then lowered her top removing her arms and removing it from her body. I unfastened her bra and still holding her against me to prevent her falling, her beautiful firm tits were lightly touching me as I tossed her underwear onto the chair and it joined her top. 

I lowered her to the floor again and removed her shoes. I loosened her grey skirt, pulled them down her legs and put it to one side and then slid her nickers down and removed them also, leaving her naked. I stood up and placed her clothes on the chair

'Where would you like me to touch you Doctor Gordon?'

'Everywhere. No! That won't be enough. I want everything I want you to lick every inch of my body, my face, my tits, my arse, everything. I'm instructing you as your doctor, Davis. Pinch me, slap me, pull my hair, everything you can think of.' 

I made a meal of her beautiful body savouring every smell and taste of her different body parts. I tasted her lips, her neck, under her arms, her firm tits. I turned her over and took pleasure in giving her a sensuous anal tonguing until she began gasping. While she was on her stomach, I stripped myself naked and left my clothes on her desk.

Rolling her onto her back again, I stretched her legs wide apart, I rubbed both of her feet simultaneously. I bent her knees back until her arse was raised a few centimetres above the floor. I rested her feet on my shoulders and spread her cunt lips apart with my fingers and licked her from her perineum, slowly over her drenched vagina, along her wet lips to her clitoris with a wide tongue over and over until her whole nether area, her arse hole and her vagina opening began twitching. She flooded my face with her delicious orgasmic cunt juice.

I had the most desperately hard cock, the equal of when I fucked Jackie the day before. 

I rested her legs back on the floor, stood up, and looking down at Dr Emily Gordon, I asked, 'Is that OK. Is there anything else I need to do for you?' 

She looked up at me looking at my cock, and said. 'Yes there certainly is. You have a bigger penis than my husband, and it looks very, very hard. I have this morbid need to be fucked. I want that inside me. You must screw me hard and to really go for it.' 
