 The leather seats burned her bottom as she drove. She shifted gears and the car blasted over the blacktop. She didn't know where the road would take her, but it was the only road around so she had no choice. Nothing but sand dunes around her, as far as the eye could see.

She looked at the fuel gauge with sorrow. Unless she found something soon, this was going to be it for her. She'd have to park on the shoulder and either pray for some kind soul to pass by or lay a trap and take by force what she could. And there were precious kind souls left in the world since the Great Divide.

Sand pelted her body and face as it came through the broken windshield. If she didn't have those goggles on, it would have been impossible to drive at all. The leather jacket provided some protection as well.

The only problem was that her leather jacket was the only article of clothing she possessed. She was naked from the waist down, her bare ass cooking on the hot leather seats. Her massive tits were being held in place by the tightly zipped jacket and nothing else.

She'd laugh if it wasn't so fucking sad. She was wondering the desert like some kind of porn starlet. If any pornstars were as edgy as her, anyway. She had short, peroxide-blond hair. Double D tits that stood surprisingly firm and an ass often described as "thick." But she didn't feel very feminine any more. Not since the world ended.

She drove on, her eye on the needle. Not long now. She reached over to the passenger seat and picked up her flask. She emptied it into her mouth, but it was only a few drops worth. She had officially hit rock bottom.

She slowed down some, trying to save on gas. Scared the engine was gonna cut off any moment and leave her stranded there, in the open. 

Lost in thought, she almost missed the car almost half buried in the dune on the right shoulder. She slammed on the breaks, letting the Charger tailspin. Her foot was on the ground before the car had completely stopped. Sawed off shotgun in hand, she walked quickly towards the wreck, ignoring the burning pain in her feet. 

It was a truck, buried under the sand almost to the windshield. She couldn't see inside. Without hesitating, she pulled the door open and aimed the gun inside. Dark, but empty. She jumped inside. She had to keep a low profile just in case someone happened by. 

Marauders. Killers.

The key was in the engine. Finally a break. She turned the key and smiled as she saw the fuel gauge spring to life and show an almost full tank. She had hit the motherlode. 

She leaned over to check the glove compartment, just in case there was something useful in there. Then she felt the gun at the back of her head.

"Don't move" a man's voice said. "Put the shotgun down, slowly."

She had fucked up. She was too desperate, too greedy. She hadn't checked the back of the truck when she got in. Now she was going to pay for it with her life.

She waited for the bullet.

"I want you to climb over to the passenger side, and keep your back to me." the voice said.

All she could think of was "Fuck, I'm not even wearing any panties."

The man dug the barrel of the gun in her head. 

"Move," he screamed his voice loud right next to her ear.

She climbed over the seat and tried to do what she was asked to. It was a tight fit. She eyed the shotgun and tried to figure out what was the best way to reach it and shoot him before he blew her brains all over the windshield.

He grabbed her by the hair and pushed her face into the passenger side window. Now she was on all fours, ass in the air, face mushed into the glass. She lost her balance and her arms bent from under her. Now she was truly helpless.

She felt the man move behind her, getting into the driver's seat.

"Fuck that was uncomfortable" he said. "I've been back there for hours."

He grabbed the shotgun and placed it between his feet. Then he let go of her, judging her no longer a threat. He sat back down. She stayed in place.

She heard a chuckle.

"Where the fuck are your pants?" he said and laughed.

"Fuck you, asshole" she shot back. It's one thing to fuck up and get killed for it, it was another to be embarrassed while it's happening.

"I'm the asshole? I can actually see your asshole right now, it's staring me in the face."

She remained quiet. She was mortified.

"I...I almost want to touch it," he said, his voice low and far away.

"Don't you fucking dare!" she screamed as she turned around, no longer caring if it got her a bullet to the face.

He was smiling, still aiming the gun at her, but not looking like he was going to use it just yet. 

"Hey there, beautiful," he said.

"Fuck you," she said.

"Kinda one note, huh?" 

"Just shoot me already and get it over with," she spat.

"Maybe I will," he said in a serious tone. He placed the pistol under her chin. "Maybe I'll take you as a slave, sell you to Skullface.

She decided to be quiet. 

"Good girl," he said. "So, what happened to your pants?"

She said nothing.

"Fine, you don't want to be friends, that's okay. I'll trade you instead."

"I don't trade," she said. "But I'll share my water if you let me sit like a normal person."

She sensed him considering it. She heard him licking his lips. He was probably in a worse shape than she was, pants or not.

"Okay. But no funny business."

She turned around and finally looked at him for the first time. He was handsome, gruff. Nice beard, could probably use a shower. 

She turned the charm on.

"What's your name?" she asked.

"My name is none of your fucking business," he said. "Nice tits," he added.

Asshole.

Maybe she could use that.

"You want to touch them?" she said.

He looked at her, suspicious. Then he pressed the gun to her face and said "I can do whatever the fuck I want to you."

She licked her lips. Drawing him in. 

"I haven't had cock in a while..." she said. In truth, she was thirsty as fuck and a nice load of cum is also full of protein. She'd done worse for less.

He looked at her.

"You want to suck my cock?" he said.

"Let me see it," she said.

He unbuckled his pants and let her pull them down a bit. 

"Good lord," she said. "That's fucking massive."

"Start sucking," he simply said.

"Well okay, you don't have to be a dick about it..." she said as she leaned over.

Before she could begin, he had grabbed her by the throat and neck and shoved his filthy cock in her mouth. She hadn't had time to prepare and immediately started gagging. It was hitting the back of her throat and it wasn't even hard yet. She suddenly started regretting choosing to go down this road.

She tried to pry his hands loose, but he held them firmly in place. Unable to do anything else, she surrendered and opened her mouth as wide as she could. Her lips felt like they were being split apart by his monster cock as he pistoned in and out of her mouth. He was using her. She...liked it.

It was hard surviving in a desolate world while also being a submissive little slut. Which she was, despite her badass persona. She wanted to survive, sure, but she also wanted to get fucked in the ass and slapped while being called a filthy little whore. 

The man slapped her face, as if realizing she was lost in thought. That would simply not do, she had to pay attention to his cock as it was forcing its way down her throat, making her eyes tear up and choking her.

"Wake up little girl, I want to see you put some effort into this," he said as he slapped her face. Not too hard, but enough to keep her focused.

She felt her pussy flood. She remembered she was bare ass naked. She felt three of his fingers penetrate her as his cock went down her throat and reached as far as anything had ever been. 

Her screams came muffled from around his monster cock. He laughed and fingered her pussy faster and harder. It's as if he knew what she liked and how she liked it. Or maybe what she liked most was being used like a whore, which is why her pussy was dripping right now, her juices running down her thighs.

He brought his hands to his mouth, giving her a break and letting her concentrate on deep throating him without barfing all over him.

He sucked on his fingers.

"Mm delicious," he said and laughed again. "You're such a horny little whore."

He fucked her mouth and her pussy at the same time as she tried not to come too easily. She wouldn't give him the satisfaction.

Unfortunately when he started slapping her ass, that was it for her. She came without him even touching her, her body shaking and buckling, broken under the intensity of the orgasm. His cock slipped another inch down her throat, as she felt any kind of reservation leave her body. 

She felt her saliva pool at the base of his cock, running down his balls. As if reading her mind, he pulled her off of his cock with a wet plop sound and then smashed her face on his balls, smearing the dust and the spit all over her lips and face.

"Oh yeah slut, that's the stuff. Slobber over my cock like the desert whore that you are."

And she did. She rubbed her face and tongue all over his balls and cock, she let him slap her with it and choke her with it until she was red in the face and looked like a hot mess.

Then before she could say or do anything, he unleashed a load right on her face, robbing her of his precious seed and nutrients. He held her by the hair as he came all over her face and eyes and when he was done he made her give his cock a tongue bath. 

Humiliated but satisfied, she had to use her fingers to wipe the cum off her face and then bring it to her tongue, as he watched her and smiled.

He shook his head. 

"You're a fucking freak, you know that? I've seen mutant slaves refuse to do some of the shit you just did."

She swallowed his cum and smiled at him coldly.

"Yeah well, I'm a pre-war slut and I like to get fucked like one," she said.

He looked surprised.

"For real?"

Oh shit. She shouldn't have said that. Pre-war humans were rare. Pre-war female humans even more so. Pre-war chicks that would slobber all over your cock at a moment's notice were probably nonexistent.

"No, idiot," she said. "Are we done here?"

He looked at her, skeptical.

"Did you enjoy those cum loads?"

"Asshole," she said, but blushed. He still had power over her, even in a transaction like this. He could probably get her to suck his cock a second time just for the hell of it. All he had to do is push the right buttons.

"I think you should say thank you," he said and lightly grabbed her throat.

She looked down, then up, into his eyes. "Thank you for letting me swallow your cum." she said. Then she smiled.

She punched him in the face and felt his nose break under her fist. The crack was a dead giveaway. In his defense, he didn't drop the gun, but he didn't shoot either; she took it from him and pointed it at his head.

"Fuck!" he screamed and put his hands to his face. "Oh god damn it that hurts."

"Shut the fuck up," she said.

The blood from his nose was running down his threadbare shirt in copious amounts.

"I should blow your fucking brains all over the dashboard," she said, touching the gun to his forehead.

Just then, they heard the roar of a motorcade approaching.