 Authors note- Many apologies folks for the length of time it's taken me to post this second installment. I had a few editing problems. I hope you enjoy it as much as I've enjoyed writing it. ;)

************************

Whilst Mari had been innocently meandering around his quarters, Damian had been spectator to her friends' erotic shame. He'd found himself caught rigid, watching the young mercenary grinding her cunt against her captors calculating fingers. He'd watched the girl being humbled, and it had awoken his base appetites.

He returned to her watched her eyeing his bed, and wondered at her thoughts... 

Mari was nervous, but she hungered in a way she hadn't experienced before. She'd not forgotten about their erotic customs.

Standing by the open balcony, he appraised his little flower. She was very pretty and petite, and her ass was very squeezable.

He tried imagining the shapes her mouth would make when he bounced her up and down atop his cock. 'She was delectably small', he thought to himself as he towered over her.

He had guessed correctly when he thought she'd expected more in the way of conversation. He was in no mood for small talk and he didn't care; the raven haired girl had set his groin as hard as steel and this little sprite was going to ride it, whether she knew it yet or not. 

Damien approached her, and Mari felt herself laid out on the bed, and moaned gently as his mouth moved over her neck and then her lips. He was a much better kisser than she'd expected. His tongue lightly touched her, and his teeth teased her lips with a gentle tug every so often. She looked forward to being taken...

Damian pulled back and grinned at the dreamy expression on her face. He wanted to shock her. He wanted her eyes bulging with truth, and her mouth in a wide o.

"Strip for me." He whispered in a beguiling tone.

Mari's dreamy little writhes stopped immediately. She opened her eyes nervously and stared in fright at him. 'More like it.' He thought devilishly to himself.

He took her gently but firmly in his arms, and switched their positions. He reclined back on his haunches lazily. When she didn't move, he pushed her further by pulling the dark tunic from his belt, and hoisted it over his head. Her eyes glazed as they bestowed the vision of his rippling stomach and bulging fore-arms. Her mouth opened, and she licked her plump ruby lips unconsciously. The innocent gesture made Damian's cock twitch. He was going to enjoy initiating her immensely...

He narrowed his eyes a second, making her gulp in apprehension. "I told you to take off your clothes, and I wasn't asking the first time." He used a firmer tone, testing her nature. 

Her large doe eyes dilated to pools of velvet black desire. Not daring to test his luck, he held her eye's until she was the first to break the stare. Moving from one foot to next, Mari started to slowly do as she'd been told. When he coughed and arched a questioning brow at her, she quickened her ministrations.

Mari was mortified, and as each inch of bare skin was revealed she felt her face grow by degrees hotter. The red lace shift was the first to fall the floor, and then with her burning face, she turned her back to him, when she squatted awkwardly for a moment to pull her under garments off completely; she hopped and hobbled ineptly unbalanced. 

The amusing erotic show made Damian think of simply bending her over the railing and fucking her...

Part of her was mortified, but the larger part was excited. Surely once he saw her naked he'd pull her into his arms and take charge, she mused to herself hopefully.

When she finally turned around and presented her naked form to him, he'd moved also. Her shocked gasp came when her eyes dropped and she saw the huge thick shaft and meaty round head, protruding obscenely over the top of trousers. He said nothing; he simply just motioned her forward with an incline of his finger.

Numbly helpless, Mari stepped forward to him. Her naked dusky nipples pointed, and her tummy fluttering with nerves, she didn't expect him to calmly place a hand on top of her bare shoulder and push her to her knees; down between his long spread legs...She looked up at him totally powerless and eye level with his turgid cock. He held such a governing and carnal power that she felt dizzy. She swayed slightly... Still he said nothing, simply demanding with his eyes. She knew what he wanted from her, but she just didn't think she had the courage to do it. Mari gulped a deep breath and shut her eyes tight. Moving very slowly she began to inch awkwardly forward.

Grinning like a devil, he extended a greedy hand and cupped her delicate jaw. With his other hand on his thick shaft, he guided the bulging head to her awaiting, hot sweet little mouth...

Although Mari was totally oblivious to her power, Damian had to bite his inner cheek to stifle the groan he wanted to make. Her mouth was so hot. He felt her deft little tongue flicking his great cock, licking, tasting him. Driving him half mad, she continued her innocent onslaught by swirling her tongue around the head, and then he gave her a shock. His hips suddenly gave a sharp little thrust that drove him deeper to touch the back of her throat.

Mari was in hell. The moment she'd felt his swollen cocks head bumping entry to her moist cavern, she'd whimpered with a fierce ache in her tight damp nether region. He tasted of masculinity; salty and the way his straining root pulsed turgidly in her mouth -made her moan a loud. She was startled by her own noise, her eyes snapping open and straight into his glittering sapphire gaze. He looked primal and dangerous. 

'He's fucking my mouth!' 

Reaching down, he caught one of her puckered little nipples between his fingers and squeezed. Her hips jerked, and she sucked harder in response. He claimed the other one with his left hand, and began pinching them between his practiced fingers maliciously. 

He squeezed tighter and harder, until she had begun bobbing her head up and down his entire length, with pleasured enthusiasm. Her inhibitions cast away completely in the horny haze, she brought her hands up, and clasped the base of his cock in worship. On instinct she started palming his balls. 

He was close; the way his balls bunched closer to his body told him that. He wanted to see the look of surprise in her eyes when he shot his hot gift in her mouth. He didn't think she'd ever sucked a cock before, but she was a quick learner and with the right encouragement, she would be very talented and eager.

Mari was occupied with the texture and thickness of him, she didn't notice when the fat dick in her mouth, began to twitch and before she knew what was happening, her mouth was filled with searingly hot, salty liquid as his cock erupted. She groaned in surprise and her eyes bulged, she was about to stop, but one sharp look from her warrior told her she was to finish what she'd started. It didn't taste bad, it just shocked her... 

With the immediate edge of his lust sated, his mind began racing again with the possibilities. She was a rare prize indeed, and as his cock softened a little in her ever suckling mouth, he let out a pleasured sigh. 

She'd swallowed all of his semen, and now she pulled back but still on her knees, gazed up at him expectantly. 

He understood the pride she now felt for pleasuring him so well; it helped her make her own silent demands... 

Damian helped her to her feet and pulled her close. Grazing a careless hand up her inner thigh without actually touching her pussy, he tested her wetness. He felt her tremble with desire, and he savagely made the decision, that her first climax would be a shared experience.

"You liked sucking my cock, didn't you?" He asked her gently. 

He rose a little unsteadily to his full height, and made her sit on the edge of the bed momentarily. Turning away he approached a chest, and threw back an order carelessly to her. 

"I want you to cup your breasts and present them to me."

Mari couldn't see what he was doing, but she knew that she'd probably like it. Never had a man ordered her to yield her mouth before! Without a second thought, she did as he'd ordered and cupped her breasts for him provocatively. With an excited after thought, she also spread her legs wantonly open so he could see just how much she desired a thorough pleasuring.

Damian turned back and smiled at her in approval. He probably didn't need to blind fold her, but her blushes would prove just as arousing after she realised fully what had happened...

Taking the two gold pinchers in each hand, he applied them both together, she flinched in surprise. The way her mouth fell open in shock, and her hot little moan almost had him sliding his cock back in!

Next he pulled her to her feet and spun her around, taking her wrists together behind her back, and using a black biding ribbon he secured her wrists securely behind her back. The last thing Mari felt him do before her sight was taken with a blind fold, was a stray hand caressing her rear possessively. He picked up the long wooden dildo, and guided her unknowingly toward the balcony. What she didn't know was that whilst she'd been busy sucking his cock, it had grown dusky outside and now as Damian lit torches outside, a stage was being prepared. 

"The breeze feels nice..." She commented idly, and then suddenly coming to sense was alarmed and shrieked "Have you taken me outside?" 

"It's dark outside now." His explanation short and curt. 

She believed him easily, but was unaware how he'd secured a towel around his hips, or how the torches signalled a show. When he was finished with the torches, he came up close behind her so she could feel the heat of his muscled chest, and a hand trailed lecherously over her skin. It was totally silent in the court yard. She was unaware that a hundred eyes were all focused solely on her.

"Take me." She whispered brazenly.

"I didn't hear that..." He taunted flicking a clamped nipple.

"Fuck me," She retaliated louder - all the way to the silent figures all around.

"You haven't earned my cock yet. I think you'll have to warm up with this..." 

As he said the last word, he pushed an unsatisfying thickness half way into her weeping, aching folds. Taken completely unaware Mari yelped loudly in surprise, and tight pleasure. The ache to have her pussy filled, made her thrust back automatically.

Taking her ear lobe between his teeth, he murmured his approval and encouragement. 

"Please I need more." She whimpered but continued to thrust back. 

She was overwhelmed with the lust. Blind and taken by the clever way he thrust the dildo enough to make her writhe in pleasure, but not enough to bring her high enough to climax. 

"Tell me what you'll do for my cock. To prove that you're ready for it...Mari I need to believe you really want my hard thick shaft inside your tight, wet, groping channel." 

He punctuated each word with a delicious flick over a nipple, or sharp thrust into her pussy. She was so wet it trickled down her thighs and dribbled over his hand.

The silence began to stretch and the only sounds Mari could hear were her own laboured gasps, and the slurps the dildo made as her channel was fed. Still she tried to stay rational enough to stay mute.

Mari surrendered and let out an anguished cry. "Anything!" She sobbed. 

Damian dropped the towel in preparation for what he would do next, and then pulled the small cock from her pussy to her tormented keen of disapproval.

"Suck on this."He growled, before roughly bending her double over the supporting barrier. 

He forced the dildo between the willing lips of her mouth, and forced her to taste her own juices.

He rejoiced, and rammed his shaft up to the hilt.

He kept his thrusts slow but deep.

Mari tasted her own juices trickling down her throat. The dildo muffled her cries to noisy groans. In front and bent over, Mari sucked on the dildo fiercely. Her plump little breasts jiggled back and forth. 'I can't get enough, I'm so hot...Please keep going.' She begged him inside.

On the balcony beside his, Damian saw Reerdon grinning like an idiot. He knew what he wanted, but he had given his word, so he would not break it by letting Reerdon slide his worthless dick into her mouth. He was suddenly struck by a protective surge. He'd let Jorvais play with her to his heart's content, as long as he got to get his hands on Mari's beautiful companion. He thought about making Mari lick her pussy, whilst Jorvais and himself watched... They'd bind Ali and blind fold Mari obviously, but Mari after this experience would eagerly do what she was told. 

"I'm going to make you cum Mari." His voice unsurprisingly now, made Mari's pussy ripple in agreement. 

Taking his hand off the dildo, he reached down and began circling and rubbing her engorged clitoris firmly. The next moment, the wet dildo slipped from between her lips, and she started to sob beseechingly. Her wet slit milked his hard shaft more intensely, and Mari's cries became joyous shouts of long denied pleasure. 

He thrust harder and faster, prolonging her orgasm, making it go on and on. He flicked her nipples, and bit into her neck. Suddenly he ripped off the blind fold and laughed darkly smug, when she made a horrified gasp. He made her ride out the rest of her multiple, counting an uncountable number of warriors and women lusting for her; some masturbating, other couples joining them by fucking.

"Everyone one of these people needs to either be fucking you, or yearn to be you. You're the centre of attention." He informed her unnecessarily.

The shock, coupled with Damians' continual stimulation, pushed her to cum for a third time - the last coming out even louder and more agonised than the sobs and wanton cries of before.

Damian felt his balls tighten, and then a second later he spurted at last, in a triumphant set of hot jets. Mari felt every scalding drop inside her tight pussy, and whimpered in total submission.

All around, people began to clap and cheer. Mari shut her eye's, with no way to hide... Damian happily made her endure every single second, until all that remained was the echo. Relative silence returned, and Damian bent over to whisper smugly in her ear. 

"You did say anything..."

He slowly undid the nipple clamps, making her shudder and groan as her teats were released. He kept her pressed forward though, and then slid his hand between her legs again. Finding her pulsing clit, he tapped it; making her jerk and spasm some more.

"Look..." He encouraged her to see, whilst he tap, tap, tapped her. Each touch provoking an uncontrolled shudder and jerk from her.

Mari was filled with morbid fascination as they watched several couples fucking. Caught helplessly in another rhythm, Mari climaxed a final time, before Damian mercifully pulled her back inside his room to privacy. 

"Tomorrow I'm going to bind you, with your legs and arms stretched out far apart. Down in the court yard; where everyone can see from their balconies, there on the raised stone platform. That's where I'm going to tie you. Naked, except for a pink silk scarf I'll fasten around your waist. Pink is the colour of initiation. As I am your initiator, only the warriors or girls I have chosen will touch you. You won't know though, because you'll be blind folded."

"I don't want them to see me like that, please..." She pleaded.

"They already have, and you enjoyed it, even if you refuse to admit it to me." Mari shivered as he lay her down on the bed, and at last began to make love to her. As his mouth trailed a hot blaze towards her cleft, she worried that he knew her true nature. It was the last worry she had until she awoke entangled in Damians' warm comforting arms.

"Tomorrow" She thought, bravely accepting it as a challenge before she let herself fall back into slumber.