 The Hoverander surged over the rise and caught more air than the compensators were ready for. As the vehicle slammed down they caught up to the weight of the heavy vehicle before it bottomed out.

Amongst the noises and cries of concern from the passenger area in the back, a chocking sound erupted from the drivers lap. "Nmglt!" 

He looked down at the back of a thick head of bright green hair bobbing in his lap.

"You okay? Watch the teeth." 

As her head raised, his engorged member was released from the tight warm sheath of his passengers throat. Shazzy's sparkling cyan eyes smiled up at him. She ran her hands and eyes up and down the impressive length and girth.

"I'm good. Oh My god, Ax! I got the whole thing in!" 

She gave a happy little pump and slurp then seemed to notice the commotion behind us.

"Should I stop till..."

"Nah, I got this, you're doing great." Ax interrupted as he gently but firmly pushed her head back to its activity. 

When the ladies had approached him for protective transport across two sectors Shazzy the spokeswoman of the group was particularly eager to procure his services. Her sultry full lipped smile and touchy feely-ness indicated she was looking for some inflight entertainment. The impressive Genengineered curves barely contained by her form fitted Loretex jumpsuit showed him he too would be suitably entertained. Her companions were all similarly well formed, bright eyed, and one was actually bushy-tailed. Now that she was hitting her stride he didn't want to spoil the moment. 

"J5! Today!" He called out. His companion android cocked its head in a manner that clearly conveyed annoyance as it finally finished loading the specialty ammo requested into what can most easily be described as a hand cannon. Ax grabbed the weapon from J5, and slammed his foot down on the inertial dampener as he jammed the yoke hard to the left. The heavy vehicle lurched in that direction as it whipped around 180° to face their would be party-crashers. The powerful engines seamlessly reversed continuing on their previous course. This time there were cheers from the back and the interesting effect it had on the activities going on in his lap elicited a sharp inhale and brief loss of coherency as his opponents windshield came into view. 

Ax flicked a switch on the Yoke and the windshield retracted as he zeroed in on the prow of the lighter HUV behind them. No doubt the driver was incredibly frustrated by his inability to overtake, but then KITT, as he had lovingly named his vehicle had more than a few aftermarket upgrades. There were a few large shady looking types aggressively encouraging the pilot to increase his efforts. Ax managed to make out a pair of thick goggles, and a helmeted dome with a stylized Decaying Monstrous Skull decal before he pulled the trigger. The mini EMP cartridge streaked across and attached itself to the front of the opposing vehicle's brush guard. There was a high pitched whine and then a low Thoom as the magnetic pulse killed all the power fueling the acceleration, and more importantly levitation.

The machine dropped sharply into the road. Its nose caught, and the momentum caused it to flip and rolled an impressive number of times. The corkscrewing conveyance launched its unsecured crew in all directions before grinding to a stop. Which was when Ax fired off a second high explosive round at its carcass. 

Not waiting for what was sure to be an impressive combustion Ax toggled the windshield back up, handed the weapon to J5, and whipped the craft back around. This time his patron was ready and used the momentum to cause a variety of jaw clenching and eye fluttering maneuvers. 

As they settled back to a comfortable cruising velocity she took advantage of her new esophageal agility and jammed her lips into his pelvis while her throat flexed and tightened around his rod. Her tounge slid out to lave an impressive area of his scrotum and she drew back and repeated the action. This continued until the combined undulations, contortions, and lathering brought him to a spine tingling eruption. She backed off and took deep gulps eagerly attempting to swallow her reward before coughing around the final large splurt of his release. It dribbled from her lips and chin into the sumptuous chasm of cleavage revealed by her loosened jumper. He handed her a cloth which she used to clean her face and neck before shooting him a wry smile.

"Yeah I can't make the rest of the trip with this sloshing around in my top we need to stop somewhere and finish..."

Her hands slid down the silky curls covering his broad thickly muscled chest and chiseled abdomen.

"Cleaning up."

Sensing further adventures his anatomy never reached full dormancy before raising back up towards the winsome smile of his enthusiastic passenger.

He checked with J5 to make sure the interruption was local flavor and not a tailored invitation from one of his numerous "old friends", and located the nearest appropriate lodging. 

Before the Upheaval the Roadways, such as they were, had been dotted with Oasis's, protection from the extreme mutations found in the Wilds but not the semi-sentient ones. One could find a place to clean up, grab a meal, a few hours of shut eye, or whatever other activity might suit their fancy. So long as they had the wisdom, wherewithal and Chak to procure it. As he pulled into the parking area Ax noticed the Decaying Skull Decal on a few vehicles. His eyes narrowed and he moved to the back to address his luscious cargo as he geared up.

"Ladies I'm afraid we had a minor overflow situation that requires some clean up, I'm going to secure us a Pod. Please stay in the vehicle until I get things secured, J5?"

My electro-sentient companion rearranged himself into a quadrupedal predatory form to oohs and ahhs from the ladies. "How many forms do you have?" Purred the bushy-tailed one.

"Madam, though fully sentient I do not..." His explanation was cut off by the shutting of the door. 

Ax looked over the hood and saw Shazzy still slightly mussed, top now exposing an overabundance of cleavage down to her taught stomach, and a bright smile standing across from him. 

"It's better if you stay in the car." He stated. 

"I feel safer with you." She replied. 

Standing six and a half feet tall, two hundred eighty pounds, with umber yellow flecked eyes, mahogany skin, a dreaded Mohawk that was pulled back into a short ponytail. Ax could see how he might present an aura of capability. Considering his past and they years he'd spent Out There as a Gladiator before returning to Earth with the invasion. An invasion which he and his fellow Gladiators were responsible for the failure of... Well, said estimates were conservative. He'd spent far longer and was more comfortable with his Gene and other Mods than any non returner, and he was pretty damned familiar with all the tech that had been used to transform the earth and efforts towards reclaiming it. 

"Fine. Stay close." He drawled.

"Absolutely my intention." She purred as she glued herself to his side.

He walked into the Way Station and glanced around. A few of the rougher looking inhabitants seemed overly curious at their sudden appearance and as they approached the service counter, one of said inhabitants decided to investigate.

"Y'all coming down from the east?" 

Ax shifted his eyes up to the rather Large heavily tattooed and poorly cybermodded, freak addressing him. Taking note of the Decaying Monstrous Skull decal on its vest and the large shotgun with a machete attached as a bayonet it casually slung across its shoulder. 

"Yep"

"Hmph," the cyber thug replied. "Run into any trouble?" At this point it's companions were shifting into actionable positions. Unaffiliated folks were moving clear of the event horizon, aside from one hooded character that had taken a corner table.

Ax sighed and said, "Nothing worth mentioning." And was already moving as the cyber thug tried to register his words.

Ax released Shazzy stepped into the cyber thug and grabbed it by its chin. One of the retractable blades that resided in his forearm shot out severing the brain stem before its eyes had begun tracking his move. He brought the Shotgun down held onto the arm and with what seemed like a simple twist sent his opponent into two of its own companions. They stumbled under the weight as he raised the firearm lined up another and pulled the trigger. The kick was about what he anticipated and as the ruffian he fired on head exploded, he used it to aid his spin towards the last man standing, the Machete/bayonet slashed across his neck. The body and head toppled to the ground separately and he was already racking a round to finished off first one, and then the last remaining member of the gang. Clearing the room he replayed the battle and noted one Gang-members hasty exit and an intriguing curve of hip being revealed as the hooded figure fled as well. 

He turned to the counter and slapped the weapon onto it. Looked at the service borg with a name tag "George' and said. "George, I need a deluxe pod for the night. Hot running water and a bath. I'm sure these fine gentlemen have enough valuables to cover it. When you finish cleaning this up, give yourself a generous servicing and have the rest of the Chaks delivered to my room... Oh and I'll want their vehicles stripped as well."

He finally turned back to Shazzy to find her still standing where he'd left her and took another good look at her. Five foot eight and curvy like a cartoon, the contoured bright colors and patterns on the skintight Loretex sheath she had unfastened to her naval only enhanced the appeal. Her deep olive tan contrasted with bright green hair, long thick and flowing just pass a narrow waist smaller than his handspan. Her hair then brushed the top of her generous high rounded buttocks and wide set hips. She had thick thighs and sensuously curved calves that were accentuated by her four inch block heels. He finally got his eyes past her flat stomach and the magnificently heaving bosom that glistened with sweat and spattered blood. Blood was also splattered across her face and hair and the pupils of her large cyan eyes were almost completely dilated as she slowly raised a finger to her full sensual lips, pushed it in and lightly bit down. 

"That. Was the sexiest thing I have Ever Seen." Came out in a breathy gasp. Then she lunged at him. As she wrapped her incredibly long legs around his waist he had the presence of mind to tell George to notify J5 and the rest of the party where the pod was located. It was all he could do to keep her half in her Loretex jumper, and some of his clothing on as he made his way to their accommodations.

One "issue" with the pleasure mods is "that certain circumstances could trigger a Fog of Lust". She must have had a damsel pattern, and the only thing that would shut it down was imminent death (and that wasn't certain) or a inhumanly exhausting copulatory session. One that would be aided by her pheromonal and physiological chemical enhancements. Ax wasn't going to put her in mortal danger and so there was work to be put in.

As the pod door shut she recognized all impediments to her getting what she needed were absent and she redoubled her efforts. While trying to get her to the shower Ax had every nook and cranny of his mouth, neck, chest, abs, and manhood licked nibbled and sucked on. Including one moment when she deepthroated him to the root so fast and tightly that his knees buckled. The chemical secretions of her saliva almost triggered his own sex mods. Ax had long experience with his enhancements and shut it down reminding himself that he didn't want to destroy her. 

He finally had to push her, face down over the bathroom counter and hold her there while he removed the rest of his clothes and stripped off hers. As soon as the air hit her bare curvaceous ass she reached back and wrapped her hands around him. She squirmed and wiggled back mewling as she felt his tip brush her aching enclosure. His grip slipped as she bucked underneath him getting his head between her folds. She moaned and shook writhing with the need to feel him deep within her. 

Ax took a deep breath which was a mistake as her pheromones enflamed his passions even further and his control slipped slightly his member lengthening and thickening pushing her labia apart and contacting her molten valley. Ax was able to spare a glance over to the waiting shower before giving up. 

His eyes took in the thick juicy ass twisting and writhing to get more of him inside. Traveled up her perfectly arching hips and smooth lightly toned back. Reached her breasts which were pushed out to either side, the large globes jiggling and bulging out from the movement and pressure of the hand locked around her neck. The only thing keeping her away that which could grant her surcease. He grabbed her hip with his other hand and she released her grip on him and arched her back bracing her hands on the counter. He looked into the mirror met her lust maddened eyes and, slammed himself fully within her. 

She shrieked and buckled, being filled so quickly and completely causing a powerful orgasm that took her breath and her footing, but Ax had passed the point of attempting to engender her comfort. He adjusted his grip from her neck to her shoulder. Lifted her hips back into position with his other hand and began pounding her voluptuous form with long deep powerful strokes.

Sharp cries of pleasure and satisfaction sounded over the rapid fire rhythm of Ax repeatedly driving his full length into Shazzy, who it seemed was only getting more wanton with each stroke. Ax felt himself on the edge of losing it in her wet tight welcoming core. Shazzy feverishly threw her luscious ass back against every effort, compelled by the carnal geas his earlier Martial acuity had revealed. He struggled on the edge of control when another spine wracking orgasm hit her so hard he was nearly bucked off. Shaken nearly lucid by the break in his cadence, he moved his hand off her hip up her midsection between her breasts and lifted her off the counter. His other arm snaked down and drew her knees together as he stepped back and without separating them he flipped her to face him and lowered them down onto the floor. Simmering Umber met the slight remainder of Cyan around her dilated pupils as Ax slid his forearms behind her back one hand tangling in her hair the other resuming its place on her shoulder from this new angle. As he paused buried hilt deep she took several long shuddering breaths that caused lovely friction as her engorged nipples slid up and down against the light dusting of curly hair that covered Ax's midsection. 

"M-mm-More." She panted out as she wrapped her arms around his broad shoulders and her legs high on his back the angle causing deeper penetration. As he pushed further into her limits she bucked again and cried out at yet another climax that seized her body. The tightening caused a strangled breath to escape his lips. Ax tightened his grips braced his legs and set himself to his task. 

Many hours, positions and mind splitting peaks later Shazzy's sybaritic state had been satisfied. Ax came out of his haze to see the others had entered the pod and inspired by the proceedings, gone in on each other with reckless abandon. There was scattered Loretex jumpsuits, fulsome naked breasts, and spread lovely rounded asses akimbo all throughout the pod. Apparently one young lady had a Transmod, as she knelt behind Bushy Tail breasts heaving with each sharp thrust she unloaded on her moaning companion. Ax found a empty place to settle down cracked open a beer and watched until he drifted off.