 So ignore what I said above, this doesn't really have anything to do with LOTR or D&D. Also fair warning to you perverts, there is some back story in there and oh the horrors there is an actual story besides the sex. So yeah I warned ya, no saying I didn't. ;) 

**

"Dagda you will not leave. You will return to your room and pack up to be married."

"No Papa that shall not happen, I am not to be married. I will leave and make my own way, I refuse to end up like all the rest."

So saying I slam the door shut and walk away from my home, my family, and all that I have known. The others watch me go, some smiles from the other burada. We do not have it good in our society, the tenfada all assume that all we wish to do is spread our legs and produce babies. Which is not quite correct, we are allowed to do things until we come of age.

Once we come of age we are married off and are expected to do nothing besides spread our legs and make food. So I am leaving our city with the tools of my trade slung over my shoulder. It is not the trade that I wish to do, just the one Papa does. I wish to be a warrior, some of them have taught me some of it.

No one tries to stop me on the way out. Almost as if no tenfada cares that I am leaving. Which seems wrong, they are always saying how they are protecting us. I know there are dangers of the tunnels, I also know it is a short distance to the surface, we get trade from the surface. As I near the gate to put me on the trade road, Belmar comes running, he is the tenfada assigned to marry me.

"What is this madness, you are not leaving." I turn and glower at him, I am a little taller even so is easy.

"I am not staying. I turn my back on you and all tenfada. I will go out and make my way how I choose. May your tunnel be short and shoddy."

Belmar is gaping a little at me as I turn to leave, many are laughing about this now. Suppose is the reason he grabs my arm. I shrug his hand off and continue on my way without looking back. Belmar does not like this, he snarls and jumps on me. This may have worked if he was a larger tenfada, he is not however so I do not overbalance.

Instead put my elbow into his side, grab one hand and twist it until his grip is loosened. Once that is accomplished I yank hard and throw him over my shoulder. Not wishing to have him try again, got excited between my legs at his touch, I drop my sack and pull the big hammer. Hefting it with ease I advance on him tapping my palm with the head.

"Leave me be, I would not be yours if you were the last tenfada in the tunnels." Belmar snarls and moves to get up until I shove the hammer into his chest. "Stay there until I am gone, get up and shall use this hammer to flatten you into a sheet."

Slinging my sack over my empty shoulder I continue for the gate. Did not have far to go anyway, and both guard are grinning at my approach. The gate is open, the trade road is patrolled inside the mountain so there is no danger.

"Ten dunel say the burada returns at the outer gate." The guard on my left yells across to the other.

"Ten dunel on returning in two hours." Is yelled back as I cross the gate.

I just keep going, the trade road is a large tunnel and is patrolled. I can see one patrol walking away from the gate, there is a second patrol walking toward me. Also know one of the patrol, he glances at me as we get near and all are laughing. He is laughing at first then realizes he knows me so comes closer, even turns around to walk with me.

"What are you doing?"

"I am leaving, I will not marry the genda tender. I wish to do what I wish, not what tenfada decide for me." He puts his hand on my shoulder and I whimper, I am very excited though I do like this tenfada so probably helps.

"Have the burada shared?" Nod and sigh.

"Yes, know that when spread my legs I wish to then make the tenfada I spread for happy."

"Would it help if I said I could double the pay your papa received and then be mine?" Look over at him and frown.

"Papa said it was decided that I would be Belmar's." Get a snort.

"No, Belmar is just the first to make an offering." Frown harder at that.

"What would I do as yours?"

"You would not be able to go on patrol, could see about getting your own smithy." Tempting, especially since the longer he is touching me the more excited I am, but I do not wish to only be a smith.

"I am sorry, I do not wish to just be a smith." Get a sigh and nod.

"There are two groups you reach from the trade road, both would be interested in a smith of your ability. Warrior is something you need to convince them on. Here take this, little more intimidating than that hammer."

He is giving me his ax. It is a big ax, the blades easily extend across most of my chest. It is also the ax I made for him, he did pay for it though Papa was the one paid. Another thing that sits wrong with me, we are allowed to help the tenfada we spread for or fathered us, but receive no pay.

"I made this for you."

"No, this one is one of the fifty you made for the patrol. The one you made me is sitting at home in case we are invaded. I would like to go with you, there are mercenary that would kill for one of my training and you would easily be accepted as part of hiring." I smile at that, he is not touching me but close enough I can smell him and very excited.

"That sounds good, would get to do what I wish and still have a tenfada to spread for." I say then frown since he said he cannot go with. "Why can't you go with?"

"We sign contracts to be warrior, there is no getting out though there is a limit on the contract, once it is up we can do something else, or sign up again. Mine ends in two years." Nod and frown.

"What if I can't resist spreading?" He snorts and chuckles.

"If it is not to a tenfada the control is not as good. Also if you stop spreading for long enough the control fades away. Also should catch up, need to take part in the report and you look about ready to spread for me." 

Shiver as he runs off, I am even dripping out of my lips now and fairly sure if he had said spread I would have. At least it is not a permanent thing, though will have to remember to not find a tenfada to spread for. Do want to spread, especially right now but want to be a warrior more. Even if have to wait for two years before join him in bed and with mercenaries.

Two years is not a huge number anyway, I can make do until then. Who knows maybe I can get some more training with the warriors I run into. With a little spring to my step now, and the lighter ax on my shoulder not covered in sack, I head for the outer door. As I draw closer the guards notice me and plenty of frowns then one runs over.

"May be better to stay in the tunnel, night is coming. You would be safe and in the morning you can continue on your way." Look over at him and sigh.

"I am not staying here. Already know if a tenfada stay close to me I become ready, even eager to spread if I want to or not. Have a tenfada who honors my wished path and promises to assist me in finding it when his contract is up."

"Alright, there are surface animals that may take interest in you in an eating way. There are also signs of green skins in the area. Stay on the road, and keep walking unless you come up on a caravan. We are do one soon, if you find and it has been sacked come back and tell us. We will organize a company and send them out after what did it. If that happens you are free to travel with them or just head for one of the cities." Nod and smile at him.

"May your tunnels be long and sturdy." He snorts.

"May your search be fruitful."

That is a new one, but then where I am going there are no tunnels. Also sees me out the gate, they had delayed closing it for me to exit. Sky above takes some getting used to, there is no rock above just empty. Plenty of dirt around as well, with plants even. These plants are not the stocky little plants we grow under the mountain using reflected light.

Majestic brown plants grow up out of the dirt and tower over me. The tops of them look black though I know they are green atop. Also find myself glad for being a burada, can see in the dark which it definitely is. Also can hear things moving about in the plants off the road, makes me jumpy and nervous.

Just keep walking on the road my eyes darting to and fro. Noticing light ahead I speed up, sure to be a caravan. As I get closer I can make out taller beings, they do not grow outwards, they grow upwards. Course this makes them sound taller than I by a large degree, they are not, is no more than a foot above, the tallest tenfada is about half that high above me.

Sometimes it is good to be a tall burada, though do notice females in the group that are taller than I. Perhaps I am not tall to these folks but they are a caravan so perhaps I can join with them. Get noticed as I get closer yet, perhaps heard is a better term, am wearing boots. Since had to make them myself to protect my feet in the smithy they are covered in metal and not quiet.

After a moment two of them come out onto the road proper. Can see both have a sword on their hip, also carrying lanterns so they can see me. Would laugh at their need for a lantern if did not get to notice all the green off the packed dirt and rock of the road. Also can see they are wearing leather armor.

"Ho there friend, what brings you out on the road at this late hour?" I find myself glad for learning the trade tongue.

"Am looking to be a smith until the tenfada I wish is free to join to join up with a mercenary group." 

"A smith you say? Are you good at fixing wagons?" Snort and giggle then nod.

"Absolutely, was the first task Papa showed me. Lead me to your wagon."

Get lead over to their wagon and look it over, is not a good break. The axle broke and there is not another. However the great plants off the road are wood so can simply cut one down. Since I have an ax to do that very thing I simply head for the great plants. The first one I reach is much to thick to take down and make in to an axle.

With a sigh I keep going a little deeper into the great plants and find a perfect one. It is stuck in between two taller plants so is not getting the same light. Means it is not as tall or thick as it could be and will not requite a great deal of planing. Hefting my ax and putting two hands on it I rear back and let it swing.

Tree shakes with the impact then I work the ax free and do it again at a different angle. Chunk of the plant falls free then I am swinging again. This time the plant can not take another cut and falls since the ax went clean through. Once the plant has finished bouncing and shaking I go along and lop off the branches, won't need those.

Finished with the branches I heft the plant then decide to trim a little and take the top, it is thinner and overall longer than need anyway. Heft the shortened plant over one shoulder and head back for the wagon. Is a heavy plant but quite manageable, which the taller beings find amazing. For my part I simply drag the plant over to the wagon and get in front off so can estimate the length.

Determining the length needed and over by a short distance I heft the ax and start shortening. Takes more hits to do this, can't just hack at the wood and need trim off freed stretches. Finally have the wood to the desired length so go into my sack and pull out the rough planar. Is nothing more than a blade with two handles sticking up.

Put this to the wood and begin planing. Is not a quiet activity, also not fast though they are surprised at how fast I am doing it. The only slow part of this is turning the ends circular and the required thickness for the wheel. Once I have all of that done comes the slightly tough part, getting the old axle off and the new on.

At least they have plenty of the goop required for this. Apparently this caravan delivers it to the mountain because it is the same goop I have been using all these years. When I finish the sky is getting lighter, as if the night is over. I have never seen this before so am a little excited. Also seems to be time for them to get up, those that managed to not be aware while I worked anyway.

Once we are all sitting to the side of a fire, I have one of the tall being tenfada next to me and feeling a little excited, the older one turns to me.

"What would you like as payment?" Have to ponder this a moment, I am not sure what to take.

"I do not know, being this close to this male is exciting me and I have been assured it has lesser effect, but not a good payment." Intake of breath next to me and the older one is chuckling.

"Definitely not a proper payment, though I'm not sure he is not willing. We have some steel we can give you. We have acquired fifty bars, would be willing to part with five. If you would prefer we have coin though unless you return to our city they will not do you much good." Well five bars of steel would be enough for me to make a shield and armor, though coin would also be good.

"Where is your city?"

"Our city is on this road, the second one you will come to. Not sure you will like it, we mostly have meat and the tenfada who have visited have not cared for the fare, though do enjoy the ale."

"What about the other city?"

"The Diaden are not straight forward so you may not care for them. They are at least honest so when you can get them to talk hard numbers they won't lie. Eat plenty of plants as well so you may care for the fare better." Nod and ponder on this.

"Would they like to have a smith?"

"Can't rightly say, we don't normally deal in metals, mostly we trade drinks and foodstuff. Fairly sure they have smiths since their soldiers have armor and swords. Would not hurt to ask." Nod and smile.

"Then I shall take the five bars, can make armor and shield for me or demonstrate my ability." He smiles and gets up to head for one of the wagons then the tenfada next to me leans over.

"Would you still like a fuck?" Look at him and while he is not exciting me over much the closeness is getting to me so nod and smile.

"Yes please, first need you to promise to wish me to head on my way after. I am not sure how much control you will gain over me." He nods with a frown but does promise so hop right on up then pull him after.

Let him guide me around one of the wagons and go along it until we find a suitable thing for me to perch atop. That found I drop my pants and slip out of my boots as he drops his pants and puts a hand to his cock. I look at it and while not as thick as I would expect it looks nice to me and I am getting extra ready.

Once perched atop he comes to me, my legs spread wide. There is nothing to this, he moves up, grabs hold of his cock, then alines him with my cunt and shoves in. I moan because it feels good then he is moving. I try to move with him since his cock going in my cunt is great, but needs something more.

Dropping my hands down I pick myself up a little so now I can fuck back at him. The pleasure went up so I am moaning again then his head comes down and we are kissing. I like this, have seen other burada getting fucked while kissed and seems to feel better for them. I know it feels better for me then I am trembling as I reach orgasm.

Muscles clenching on his cock pulls a groan out of him but he keeps going. Oh this is a great first fuck. I lose myself in the pleasure of this tenfada cock plowing my cunt, I am even making noise that is not coming out of my mouth. Apparently he is doing a good fucking that my body likes just as much as my head.

Then I'm reaching orgasm again, I get quite lost in the pleasure. Just sorta hover there looking at him and feeling his cock plowing my depths. Almost like I'm not really part of my body anymore, though I definitely am since I can feel his cock moving. Then he stiffens up a little and I feel warmth surging within, oh this is grand.

Cunt gripped at him so well he got off fast. A moment is spent worrying on becoming pregnant, but I let that slide away. I will have a child when I have a child, don't think I work for anything but a tenfada for that anyway. Then he is pulling back a little and looking at me, I smile at him, it felt wonderful and I would like another fucking.

"How are you feeling?"

"I'm feeling well fucked and would like another." He snorts and grins at me.

"I enjoyed you as well, I meant in relation to other things. I want to go have breakfast and continue on to your mountain." Ponder that a moment then smile.

"Breakfast sounds good, though still continuing on to the Diaden. Course you also promised to wish me to continue on." He shrugs.

"You were not sure how much control I would have, wanted to find out. That way you can know and have less to worry on." Giggle and pull him in for a kiss.

"That was great thinking, now unless you want to fuck me again, let's go have breakfast."

He snorts but pulls up his pants so I hop down and get back in mine feeling his fluids leaking out of me. It is a singular feeling and really quite enjoyable. Then we are back at the fire and sitting where we had been. The older being is smiling and points at my sack so look, there are five bars sitting next to it.

These are extra heavy bars so they are twice the metal I pictured. I can't help being a little giddy on this, I can make high quality armor and shield with this. At least I can if I can get hold of good leather. Once the bars are tucked in at the bottom of the sack I turn back from it and the older being looks curious.

"You seemed excited at the bars." Nod and smile.

"They are twice the metal I figured for each bar. When you sell the remaining make sure to get paid the same as two bars for each."

"Oh my thank you, the bars we have are what is left after selling to a smith. He was saying the bars are only good for one hundred nails each." Stare at him as I think about a nail, we make them on occasion under the mountain.

"He was not a good smith, unless the nails he makes are quite big you can get two hundred out of each bar. Course this is with some loss due to transferring to the mold and then skimming extra. If you have extra good molds and do not spill any would think another fifty."

"Tenfada are good smiths." Look over at the tenfada who said so and giggle then shrug.

"Depends greatly on the tenfada. Not all have talent at smithing."

"What's your name?" Look over at the burada and shake my head.

"Do not have a name, am dagda until married then burada. Tenfada have a name, and can give us one that usually no one else uses. It is not common either."

"I thought you were all called Tenfada." Shake my head.

"Tenfada are the male, also the ones who do trades with the caravans so would think most think we are all tenfada. We are tenfada and burada because burada are controlled by the tenfada she fucks. It does not seem to happen with you taller beings." Some chuckling at that.

"We are Brada."

Food comes around now and it smells odd though some smells good. Other things not so much but when I try them they are palatable. Not the best tasting since it is meat but does not make me ill either. Also good that I found this caravan, had not eaten supper when I left and don't know what is good to eat in the plants.

After breakfast I make my way away from the mountain while they go toward it. Also have some biscuits to eat when I need so that is wonderful. Just keep walking along feeling the Brada fluids dry on my thighs, kept leaking out for a while as well so am really enjoying after fucking. Fairly sure will not become pregnant either so there is nothing to worry on.

Spend most of the day walking then spot a sign and a turn. The Diaden are to the left so I turn to the left and follow this road. I go into the great plants now, what is called forest in trade tongue. Keep looking around since there are sounds all over. I would think there are animals or beings flitting along beside me in the plants, either on the dirt or up in the branches.
