 *First off let me appoligise for the length of time it's taken me to post this installment. It is a lot longer than the previous ones, but I'm happy with it as I've really had time to do it propperly. I have also rewritten alot of part 4, due to some very helpful comments made by some of the other authors. Thankyou, and please leave me comments. I'm very keen to improve my writing...*

***

Aliyah sat with her head in her hands. Reina and Mari had been bickering constantly between themselves for weeks now. She felt as if her entire existence had been compressed into the size of a small pea, and their continual sniping felt like she was being chewed.

"Enough!" I can't take this anymore....

"It's her!"

"Oh that's right, it's my entire fault isn't it Mari?!" Reina growled back between clenched teeth. 

"What I don't understand Mari, is why you screamed for your freedom in the first place? It is more than obvious to all three of us now as it was then, that it was not what you truly wanted..." Aliyah tried to sound to soothing but did not manage it.

Mari looked at Aliyah with sad eyes. She truly regretted coming with them. "I was scared. I thought you had left us, and well after what I could hear those whores saying about me. I didn't like it. I wanted it to stop..." 

Reina sighed heavily and put her arm around Mari's little shoulders. "He was quite something, your warrior." Reina and Mari finally shared a smile. "I only wanted to protect you, little one. You can be very naive at times. I didn't want you hurt, and as I thought our self appointed commander over there had left the city, I think I may have panicked. A little..."

"A little..." Mari sighed. It was useless continuing their bickering. Both them had had more than ample time to reflect on their behaviour and encounters. 

Aliyah felt her heart begin to ache. She knew in her soul her friends would soon leave her. Mari missed her domineering brute, and Reina did not do well out of the company of randy men for extended periods of time. She had told Reina in firm tones, that she did not wish to hear any of her sordid details of "carnal recreation" but she had never the less expressed deep satisfaction in a man's bed, whose name Aliyah herself could not recall.

She kept her distance, whilst they sat close for the first time in weeks, and shared their wistful tales of Xelian revelry with a hushed air. Aliyah had come to loathe Xel, better than the land in which she now found herself, Amenia...

They had arrived in the Kings' own city 12 days before, and sat in a tavern filled with both Amenian and Xelian warriors. The feel of the people was welcoming, especially after one bar maid had effectively and boisterously identified her as Deloran. She had been exalted and bought round and round of ale. 

The last months experience of Xel, had taught Aliyah to keep her thoughts, and feelings well to herself. Her eye's glittered as she thought of her home, and of all the people she had known and loved...In the least sense of cheer she sobered to herself, at least in this land Delorans were not viewed with suspicion and distrust. The irony was not lost on her. Aliyah found herself developing a twisted sense of humour.

The mood within the quiet tavern grew rambunctious of a sudden, as a brigade of Xelian warriors swept inside, carrying squealing and giggling girls under arms, and over shoulders. They were a merry crowd to watch...

A haggard old soldier caught Aliyahs' eye as he sneered at the Xelians, and then surprised her further by raising his glass and saluting her. Aliyah stared... He was a soldier through and through, although he did not wear an Amenian coat of arms, or wear a crested sword. He looked as bitter and sullen suddenly, as she had been feeling since she could remember. Then the haggard old man stood, and lifted his tunic to reveal a scarred tattoo on his chest of the Deloran Palace Guard. He had grown up in the same keep as she had!

"None of us would forget the first Commander under our great general. Long may he be at peace with our brothers and sisters...You are Aliyah of the 17th company. Arisen thrice for bravery, and last posted commander of the Deloran Guard. You were better known than you realised my girl, so you can close that chasm of a mouth of yours. It is an honour and a gift from the creator to see you now..."

Aliyah pulled away from him and his unwelcome praise. The Deloran commander he had spoken of had died with her General and mentor. 

"I am little more than a Deloran mercenary now..." 

The old man suddenly struck her hard across the face and spat at her feet. "You dishonour our Sovereign and our General with your blasphemy. It does not matter that our lands are no longer our home, you are alive!" 

Aliyah felt her face flame with humiliation. She ground her teeth and raised her eyes at the old man's fury. She could kill him without a second's hesitation, but after a moment she bowed her head and solemnly said, "Can you forgive me?" 

"Indeed I can, my fine, fine girl!" They turned to the bar only to stop abruptly. 

The noise in the bar had vanished as all eyes were upon the two. Many of the men's eyes were trained on the old man, as if they wished him harm. A burly Amenian stepped forward and moved to stand before the old guard, until Aliyah suddenly unsheathed her dagger, and held it up and across the man's neck. 

"You do not attack one of The Deloran Guard, whilst another stands by their side!" 

The burly red head was too shocked to react, and defensively spluttered out, "I had come to defend you!" Aliyah looked back at the old man and the smirk on his face and suddenly burst with peals of laughter. 

Aliyah was bent double, and had to stagger to the bar to prop herself up as she laughed. Tears streamed down her face in her mirth. The old guard introduced himself as Imlar Jem and asked her to simply call him Jem. "I do not know your parents name?" 

"My mother gave me up to feed my brother. I have only one name, and it was given to me by my first nurse."

There was a pause as the old man chewed over this new information, and then he shrugged and commented..."I'm sure she had her reasons. You should not hold the woman who carried you in her womb, with such contempt." He added the last, when he saw the burning in her eyes.

Aliyah scrunched her brows darkly at the old man after that. The only people who had ever berated her were her nurses and by the age of 9 they had given up -- so only her General had ever dared put her in her place. 

"You don't like to be told off..." He snorted good-naturedly. "Was there much work in Xel?" Jem made an attempt at a new line of conversation, but Aliyah was not receptive to him. He appeared frail at first glance, but his glacier azure eyes sparkled as he asked her about where she had been, and how she had coped. Mostly Aliyah replied with nods, or one word answers. Jem was finally pacified enough to chatter away about his life in the present, and how he had found a home and his relationship with the Taverns Lady owner had come about. 

"Let me tell you, my old woman. She ain't no lady." Jem guffawed at his own wit, and pointed her attention to the bar when a fat old woman waddled across the bar. She looked too well fed, but a contented type. Aliyah envied the happy smile on the woman's lips when they met Jems'. 

He studied the haunted look in the girls' eyes and worried for her. He felt responsible for her now. There were too few of their people left, and they were scattered too far apart. 

Mari suddenly squealed, and began shrieking. Instantly Aliyah tossed down her ale, and jumped over the tables amid shouts of anger and randy applause to stumble and lose her balance entirely when she saw who had evoked such a response from her friend. 

Damians' hooded blue eyes looked up to see Aliyah falling... He darted forward to catch her but was too late. Aliyah clattered to the floor, but suddenly vaulted to her feet in a show of impressive agility.

"Aliyah he came to find me!" Mari was so excited to see him! Aliyah felt her skin turn pale with nausea. She huffed out a sigh, and climbed back over the tables she had rushed over to the sound of even more anger and swearing...

Aliyah landed with a thud as she sprang on the wooden floor from the bench she's jumped down from to stand in front of Jem. "What on earth girl?" 

Aliyah raised a hand and scowled bitterly at her empty cup lying on the floor. "Do not!" Jem looked mightily perplexed but took the warning and left the girl to her filthy temper.

Aliyah looked round and wished suddenly to fall into a fiery pit. Orilioses' startling, shocked and delighted eyes met hers. "I am dead, and in hell..."

"You been keeping company with Princes'?" Jem was getting more and more amused by the minute. It was certainly not dull to be in the girls' company he thought.

"Aliyah, I could not have believed you were here unless I had been told, and saw for myself. I am pleased to see you in good health."

"I wish I could say the same..." Aliyah muttered sourly under her breath. Orilios understood Aliyahs foul temper but was at the same time unused to not being welcomed. Aliyah suddenly turned and scanned the crowd, clutching the hilt of her blade that had hung casually at the side of her hip until this point.

"Jorvais is not with us, nor is he in Amenian lands. We parted company..."

"Why?" Aliyahs impertinent question made Jems' eye brows shoot up, and then crease at her in disapproval. 

"A lady does not ask impertinent questions of a gentleman..." Jem began sniggering to himself. 

"It is quite alright. Aliyah and I have history together."

"History?" She squawked. "What would that be? I do have a history with your Father though, and hopefully a future, at least for me..." 

Orilios ground his teeth together in anger. She was more stubborn than he'd thought possible. "If it is not my mistake, the last time we spoke you left my company saying you 'ode me a debt... Yet you speak to me now as if I am no better than a haranguing drunk."

"Have you been drinking?" Aliyah shot back at him.

Jem guffawed with laughter, and pushed two cups of ale into their hands. 

"I apologise for the girls' wicked temper your Highness, she has been out of sorts since she came into my company."

Orilios and Jem exchanged a look, and he suddenly understood the relationship. The old man was Deloran. It explained the easy way he teased her. Orilios caught Aliyahs' eyes and smiled warmly at her. "I am glad you have found some of your people."

Aliyah couldn't think of anything quick or cruel to say to him in return. He was not his Father, and from what she had heard from the soldiers in the taverns, he was not expected to have much longer to live. The old man was sick, and dying. Not sick enough though for Aliyahs' happiness and not slow enough. She warred with wanting him to suffer, and just wanting it finished and him gone. 

"So are you King when your father is dead?" She said king, as a dirty word deliberately poking his temper.

He side stepped the barb, and sputtered off her accusation. "Ha, I have two elder brothers, and an uncle who is more than thirsty for power. I have no interest in my brothers' crown. I do well as I am."

The conversation halted when Mari, Reina and Damian approached them. Aliyah eyed Mari's' hand within Damians' possession and growled quietly. He seemed to know exactly what she was thinking, and sneered in spite of her obvious discord. Aliyah burned holes through him with her eyes, and grasped her hand to the hilt of her sword. 

Jem swooped in and drew close to Aliyah. A moment passed in which he whispered something to her ear, that no one else heard. They shared a solemn look, and then he left. Aliyahs' shoulders sagged and she looked despair ridden and defeated. 

"I do not say good bye. If this is it Mari, I do not wish to see you again before you go. I care for you..." Aliyah didn't look at Reina, but walked away to where Jem had another cup of ale waiting for her.

Mari stood open mouthed, sparkling tears in her eyes. Damian felt the urge to squeeze the light from Aliyah again for daring to hurt Mari's' feelings, but Reina stopped him by placing a restraining hand on his arm. "She has been in a surly mood for many days. It is not intended in a harmful way. She is the one who has been hurt..." Reina felt sick with guilt as she realised she was too going to leave. "She knew that we would all be parting company at some point. Who else to risk seeking company with someone as armed and bad tempered as she?"

Damian still wanted to shout the Deloran commander down, but one look in Mari's' watery eyes melted his anger, and made him leash down his rage. He spoke to Orilios quietly while Reina spoke to Mari. "Are you really considering getting to know her?" Damian sounded bewildered.

"She is something isn't she?" Orilios spoke with a faraway look in his eye, and Damian wanted to smack him across the face. 

Damian managed to sound reasonable as he tried to dissuade his friend from following through on his folly. "She's beautiful I'll give you both that. Maybe even more so that Mari, but she is damaged, and another thing. She wants to kill your Father!" 

Orilios finally made sharp eye contact with Damian and spoke harshly to him...."My Father did her people an unpardonable wrong by not sending aid when I advised him to. I loved my father as a child, but as a grown man I can see him for the cruel and vicious bastard he was. His fathers' father coveted the Deloran lands secretly his entire rein, and the sickness passed from son to son until Sander, Lycan and I. My mother at least had the sense to point out the futility and obsession of it all to us..." Orilios felt weakened by the old argument, and did not desire to give it any more room to fester in his mind. It was an old wound, and he would not allow it to breathe again.

"What do you mean? He's your father, and The King."

He took a deep breath and let the fire show in his eyes. "My father would not have sent aid unless my brothers' and I had done it without his knowledge..." Damian was speechless. Aliyah felt their eyes upon her, and she turned to bare her teeth at them in a feral show of anger.

Damian suddenly pitied her, his own fury vanishing. He understood now. He walked to Aliyahs' side, unperturbed even as Jem shook his head in warning, Damian with shoulders squared kept coming until Aliyah turned surprised eyes on him, filled to the brim with suspicion.

"I have a large dwelling in this city, and you are welcome to make use of it as your own for as long as you wish..."

"Is this a joke?" Aliyah barked sharply, looking at Jem to check if he was in on the joke.

"I will be making use of the Palace quarters and hospitalities Orilios has organised."

"Organised for you?" Orilios spoke from behind them, sounding suspicious and amused.

"What about Reina?"

"Jorvais did not accompany us, but Reerdon..." He drew their gazes to Reerdons' tall broad frame, standing a distance back. As Reinas' eyes locked with Reerdons', he exposed his teeth at her like a predator. Reerdon thought she was about to faint, and guffawed loudly with delight. His pride was mollified by her reaction. She had not forgotten him...

Aliyahs' sombre tone pulled everyone's attention back to her. "They are no longer my responsibility. I know you will take care of Mari. I don't need to worry about Reina, she can take care of herself...I wish you well on your journey." With that, Aliyah turned her back on both of them. 

"Aliyah..." Orilios did not take kindly to being dismissed, and he and Damian exchanged glances.

"Yes fair Prince?" Aliyahs' dripping disdain made Damian bellow with deep rumbling laughter. 

Aliyah sneered at the dark, blue eyed warrior. He was immensely pleasing upon the eye, more so than Jorvais or the miffed Prince, shifting from foot to foot beside her. He returned her gaze unerringly...

***

Aliyah asked herself the same question over and over again. Why had she agreed to sit and eat a meal in the company of these men? Even as she knew the answer, she refused to acknowledge it herself. 

"Loneliness..." Damian caught her eye, and her scowl because he had spoken directly to her, had dared to address her.

"Who's lonely?" Aliyah grumbled artlessly. 

Damian grinned at her again, and chuckled. He saw Aliyahs' body coiling ready to pounce, and then relax with an irritated slouch. She didn't want his attention, and didn't want to wonder why she was now receiving so much of it. 

Mari and Orilios were lost to themselves in animated and cheered discussion. Aliyah had slunk away from the others as quickly, and subtly as possible. The others' had noticed but had ignored her standoffish behaviour. Resentment finally made Aliyah turn her venom upon him.

"Why are you talking to me?"

"Why not?" He quipped personably back at her. 

"You're absolutely breath taking when you're angry. I would give much to have seen you mounted and in battle..."

"I do not own a horse, and as peace has been declared for months now. A battle is unlikely...Unless you're offering?" A brow rose in speculation.

She delighted him. He chuckled to himself, and gave a belly laugh when he caught her sneering at her old companion Jem Imlar. He raised his cup to the old man, and they exchanged amused expressions. 

"I could arrange to see you mounted?" The words surprised Damian as much as they did Aliyah. He revelled in the moment as he watched her open mouthed surprise, she fought for something cutting to say.

"I hope I mistook the meaning of your words' Damian..." The moment however didn't last, and Aliyah had recovered her cool. 

"What meaning did you take from my words?" He drew closer as he spoke, and his eyes dropped to her mouth. Aliyah felt the pull of his lips like a fluttering moth to a flame. Startled suddenly by a raucous laugh from further up the table, Aliyah jerked back from him.

"What is your game Xelian?" Deeply distrustful of both of them, Aliyah placed her hand on the hilt of the blade hidden in her long boot under the table.

"How many of your lovers have met an untimely end, due to your filthy temper? What would you do, gouge that blade you're reaching for into to my neck because we share a mutual attraction." 

"You're right. I would like to gouge this blade into your arrogant neck. Even if it meant Mari never spoke to me again. It would comfort me to know, even as I sat rotting in a prison, I would have saved her from you..."

"I have spent one night with your friend. What makes you think she needs saving from me?"

"Apart from poor performance...?" 

Damian didn't answer her. Instead he smiled at her. "What is this that lecherous sneer for? I am not sleeping with you!" 

"If we had met before the massacre of your country, if everything had been as it should, would you have accepted my advances?" Damian wasn't smiling anymore. He was deadly serious, and the notion of her country as it had been... Scraped away the crust of sarcasm and mistrust, and left only a vulnerable wound. For a brief moment Aliyah allowed herself to consider his question, and answer him honestly.

"If we had met as I and my country had been, then probably yes. Not as one of your young Xelian girls, but as an equal... Yes." 

Damian appreciated that Aliyah did not speak of the Xelian women with distaste. He also appreciated the honesty. For long moments they sat there, absorbed and separate from everything else. Regret in both of them for what could have been. Aliyah sighed heavily, unused to the yearning for companionship from a man. Not just a man though, she told herself dismally -- an equal. 

"I am mortally sorry for your loss, and for those of your scattered people still left. If I have given you a different allusion, then I am also truly regretful..." 
