 Varassa spent the next hour meeting with her scout commander discussing his latest foray to the surface, and by the end she'd even learned the male's name: Maliveth. His supplicants were far less relevant, of course, though they did provide her with a detailed map of the surface region surrounding the ancient temple above. Soon, perhaps, she could convince the Matron Mother to move their outpost further south, and they would be within easy reach of nearly a dozen villages and small rivvin settlements. One of them might have even been Weylin and Solemi's home.

For now, however, the region was secure, and she ordered Maliveth and his men to relax for the next few days. None of them was foolish enough to ask her any further questions about the new prisoners, though she did remind them that no one was to enter the dungeon without her permission. She wanted her new pets to remain unspoiled for as long as possible...

After conducting the evening ritual at the Spider Queen's shrine, Varassa finally returned to the dungeon. She once again spiraled down the staircase, and the clicking of her heels echoed off the stone walls. All the glow-stones had been suppressed at her orders, and the prisoners had been sitting in complete darkness or several hours now. She half-expected them to leap out from the shadows and attempt to overpower her—after all, any self-respecting drow would have used this opportunity to mount an escape. But thankfully they weren't drow, and they clearly knew better than to challenge her rule.

"Hello again, my pets," she said as she rounded the corner and approached them. "Are you ready to serve your mistress again?"

Weylin nodded even though he couldn't see her. Varassa smiled and whispered a word of magic, and a heartbeat later a tiny ball of light materialized in the air at the center of the chamber. The surfacers blinked and squinted as their weak eyes struggled to adjust. Solemi hadn't moved an inch; she remained crouched on her knees, immobilized by her restraints. Weylin's seed had dried against her cheeks and clothing, and Varassa nodded in approval. The niskaru looked exactly like the pathetic surface slut she was. That was good—she was about to be given another lesson in submission.

"Excellent," Varassa said. "I've heard that young rivvil males possess considerable sexual endurance—is this true?"

"I...I'm not sure, mistress," Weylin managed. 

"How can you not know your own body?" she asked, stepping back over to him. She reached out and cupped his testicles in her fingers, and his flaccid member almost immediately came to life in her palm. "There, you see? I knew you wouldn't disappoint me."

He clamped down on his lip, trapped somewhere between arousal and terror, and Varassa chuckled in amusement. 

"For now, however, your task is merely to watch," she told him, releasing her grip. "It is time for me to give your lover the attention she deserves."

Varassa turned on a heel and stepped back in front of Solemi. The girl was still quivering, though whether her muscles trembled in fear or rage was difficult to tell. Her eyes were filled with roughly equal parts of both. 

"Actually, there is one more task you can perform for me, Weylin," Varassa said, unsheathing her dagger. "Take this."

Weylin's cheek twitched. He was probably trying to decide whether or not this was a trap, but eventually he stepped forward and took the offered blade. 

"I want you to disrobe your mate," Varassa ordered. "Quickly...and completely."

He hesitated for a moment, but just before she scolded him he gently took the blade and then leaned down over his lover. At first, he started unclasping the straps of her blouse by hand, but Varassa shook her head and nodded to the knife. Swallowing heavily, Weylin began to surgically cut piece after piece of cloth until the woman's blouse and skirt completely fell away. 

Surprisingly, Solemi's niskaru body was even more attractive naked. The subtle curve of her hips was a perfect complement to her sleek, slender frame. Her breasts were slightly larger than Varassa's, and evidently some of Weylin's seed had trickled down to the girl's nipples before drying against her skin. 

"Do you wish me to remove her bindings as well?" Weylin asked gingerly.

"Not just yet, no," the priestess said, retrieving her dagger from him. "She must earn the right to speak. She's clearly never been taught how to behave as a proper female, and so that duty now falls to me." Varassa turned back to Weylin. "Help her up onto the bed. I want her on her back."

Nodding, Weylin gently squeezed Solemi's arms and helped her stand despite the bindings around her wrists and ankles. He then shuffled her backwards and laid her down upon the dungeon's only mattress. 

"Very good, slave. You are free to watch, but you will not touch yourself." Varassa grinned in amusement at his rock-hard member. She could probably make him erupt with a single tug or lick. "Not until I give you the order. Understood?"

"Of course, mistress," he managed. "Y-you're...you're not going to hurt her, are you?" "I will do whatever is necessary to teach her proper behavior. Now go and stand in the corner."

He nodded and obeyed, and Varassa paced back in forth in front of the bed. After letting Solemi's imagination run wild for a few moments, the priestess leaned down and used her dagger to slice open the restraints binding the other woman's feet. 

"These won't do at all," Varassa said. "I can't afford to let you get used to having your knees together, not with what I have planned for you."

The priestess whispered the words to another spell, and soon a pair of shimmering spider-silk bands draped down from the ceiling. Solemi gasped in fear—with her weak eyes, she probably assumed there was an actual spider lurking somewhere on the ceiling. 

"I wouldn't go to all this trouble just to feed you to one of the Spider Queen's pets," Varassa chided. "Though if you don't grow a backbone soon, I will seriously consider it."

The silken bands slowly reached down and curled around Solemi's ankles. Once their grip was secure, Varassa flicked her wrist. The strands stretched back up to the ceiling, tugging the girl's legs with them until she was fully splayed at the edge of the bed.

"You should feel honored, cunt," Varassa said, pivoting and slowly striding over to the various torture implements arranged along the opposite wall. After fingering several of the most disturbing devices, she selected a small, slender razorblade. "I am going to help remove a fraction of the human taint from your flesh."

Solemi's eyes widened in terror, and Varassa made sure to hold the metal in the light long enough for the other woman to get a good look at it. Solemi wriggled in place, but with her ankles suspended in the air and her wrists pinned behind her back, there was absolutely nothing she could do. 

Grinning, Varassa knelt down between Solemi's legs. The girl obviously kept herself reasonably well-groomed, but Varassa saw no reason not to finish the job. Summoning a quick spell to her lips, the priestess blew a thin stream of air across Solemi's pink folds. The girl's flesh prickled in response to the heat, and a moment later a glimmering sheen of magical liquid spackled across her pubic hair. 

"Just don't flinch," Varassa warned. "I wouldn't want to hurt you."

The razor had been enchanted specifically for this purpose; the blade cut away Solemi's remaining hairs easily and smoothly despite her pathetic whimpering. After just a few minutes the task was complete, and Varassa leaned closer to inspect her handiwork. She gently ran her tongue across the girl's dripping slit, eliciting an immediate gasp of shock and pleasure.

"Tell me, slave," Varassa whispered between lashes of her tongue. "Has your lover ever knelt before you like this?" Solemi muttered something incomprehensible into her gag, and Varassa turned and cocked an eyebrow at Weylin. "She seems distracted. Have you pleasured her with your lips before?"

"Um," he muttered. "N-no, mistress."

"What?" Varassa nearly spat. "She swallowed your cock before you proved yourself to her? What a disgrace. Her needs should always come first." She snorted. "Perhaps your backwards culture never told you what you're missing. Allow me to demonstrate..."

The priestess lashed her tongue across Solemi's quim, and the girl nearly writhed out of her restraints. Even the lowliest drow male learned the power of ulis'quarra the moment he reached maturity. For many, skill with the tongue was their only means of pleasing a powerful female and ascending through the ranks. Varassa tested all her lovers this way, male and female alike, and she had learned some of the techniques herself over the years. Solemi had clearly never experienced anything like it, and her body shuddered with climax less than a minute after Varassa had set to work. 

With a final kiss at the girl's quivering slit, Varassa leaned forward and placed her right hand upon Solemi's bare stomach. "Do you enjoy your mistress's touch, slave?" In between fevered breaths, Solemi nodded a meek affirmative. Tiny beads of sweat dappled her belly, and goose bumps had appeared all across her pale skin. 

"Good," Varassa said. "There's just one problem: I never gave you permission to cum."

Twisting her fingernails, the priestess unleashed a spell into the girl's belly. Solemi convulsed like she had just been flogged, but no marks appeared on her flesh. The pain was instant but illusory; it would cause no permanent damage unless Varassa willed it. 

"The next time you disobey me, the punishment will be more severe," she warned, standing. "But let's test your obedience in a different way. Weylin?"

"Yes, mistress?" he called from behind her. Even without looking, she could feel his cock trembling in anticipation. 

"Remove her gag. It's time to hear your lover's sweet voice."

He stepped forward and did as she commanded. Solemi coughed and licked at her lips the instant her mouth was finally free. 

"Do you have anything you wish to say to me, dear?" Varassa asked. "Any threats you'd like to levy now that your voice has returned?"

For an instant, the girl looked like she might snap back. But instead she merely shook her head. "No, mistress."

Varassa snorted. "Of course not. I understand your male giving in so easily—he knows his proper place. But you..." She shook her head in disgust. "You're not even a slave—you're just a pathetic cunt, pure and simple."

Solemi looked up at her in horror and confusion. She didn't understand, of course. The human's indoctrination had long since set in; as a female, Solemi already believed she was weak and subservient. Varassa didn't even need to break her. 

"I was planning on giving you the honor of fucking you personally, but you're not even worth my time," the priestess sneered. "But I suppose that's all right. The males here could always use a new toy..."

Varassa opened her right hand, and with an abrupt crackle of magic a shimmering, semi-translucent whip appeared in her palm. Just like the pain spell, the whip wouldn't cause any permanent damage, but over the decades she'd found that many of her slaves responded better to a visible physical implement. 

"According to your lover, you've never been taken by another man," Varassa said. "Is that true, cunt?"

Solemi nodded. "Yes, mistress."

"Really? Surely you could have seduced others in that time."

"I...I only ever wanted Weylin."

Varassa scoffed. "Now I know you're lying. Even you aren't that pathetic."

She menacingly dragged the ethereal whip across the floor, and with an abrupt crack she lashed Solemi's bare breasts. The girl shrieked in pain, but the red lines across her flesh vanished nearly as quickly as they'd appeared. 

"Never lie to your mistress, cunt," Varassa said. "Now answer me again: how many men have you fucked?"

Solemi closed her eyes and tried to hold back the welling of tears. "Three."

"Three?" Varassa gasped, glancing back to Weylin. "And you never told this one, did you?"

"No, mistress."

"I see. So three men have crawled between your legs?"

"Yes."

"How many have spilled their seed down your throat?"

The girl's cheeks twitched. "Five."

"Five?" Varassa gasped, legitimately surprised. "Well, Weylin, it seems like you're innocent little farm girl enjoys being on her knees even more than her back."

His expression withered. He was clearly upset...but thankfully, his distress didn't seem to be affecting his cock in the least. He still looked like he was on the verge of bursting. 

"Five cocks in your mouth," Varassa whispered. "How many have taken your ass?"

Solemi winced. "None."

"Really? You are certain?"

"Yes, mistress. I swear it!"

"Interesting," Varassa mused. "Well, I think we know exactly how you can properly claim her then, don't we, Weylin?"

The male's face was still darkened with confusion, but behind his wide eyes she could see the tiniest glimmer of indignant rage. That was good—the stronger his reaction, the more amusing this would be. 

"Come here, slave," Varassa ordered dismissing her whip. "You've been patient, and it's time to claim your reward." 

Weylin stepped closer, and she pivoted in behind him and curled her fingers about his cock once more. She stroked him slowly, teasingly, before standing on her tiptoes and placing her lips at his ear. 

"I want you to fuck her, Weylin. Not gently, not lovingly, but forcefully. I want your cock buried so deep she whimpers with every thrust." Varassa smiled as she nibbled at his earlobe. "But you will not cum, not until I give you my permission. Do you understand?"

He swallowed. "Y-yes, mistress."

"Good."

Nudging him forward, she placed the tip of his member at Solemi's freshly-shaven entrance. Varassa held him in place for a few seconds, and he stared down at his lover. Another glimmer of indignant rage sparkled in his eyes, and the instant the priestess removed her hand he slammed into Solemi with an almost feral grunt. 

"She's not whimpering, slave," Varassa scolded. "You had best get to work."

He did. Grabbing tightly onto Solemi's trim waist, he began to pound her relentlessly, savagely, until the slapping of their flesh echoed across the chamber. The girl groaned in a heated mix of pain and pleasure, and for an instant Varassa was tempted to replace the gag...or perhaps order Weylin to shove his cock down her throat instead. But as amusing as it was to imagine the half-breed choking on his manhood, Varassa decided against it. In the end, this would be a much more powerful lesson. 

Kneeling down next to the bed, she raked her fingernail's across the girl's belly. The tell-tale tendrils of magic clung tightly to Solemi's pale flesh. In drow society, it was the males who were responsible for ensuring their sterility—sometimes forcibly, if they were born of a weak bloodline. But the surface cultures unsurprisingly thrust that burden upon their females, and Solemi had likely learned the technique the moment she had come of age.

"Yes, I can see your enchantment now," Varassa whispered. "We might as well remove it now before things truly get interesting..."

Whispering a few quick words of magic, she dispelled the protective ward. Weylin glanced up in confusion, and his rhythm slowed. 

"I never told you to stop, slave," Varassa scolded him. "Fuck her harder."

He obeyed, and a sheen of sweat soon formed across his arms and forehead. He closed his eyes and bit down on his lip in a valiant effort to control himself...but it was clear he wasn't going to last much longer. 

"You may withdraw," Varassa said, sliding back over behind him. His cock nearly erupted even as he pulled out, and she had a feeling that a single touch of her finger would set him off...but it wasn't time for that yet. She still had one final task for him this evening. 

"Think back for a moment about what your lover revealed to you," Varassa whispered into his ear. Her fingers tickled their way back to his testicles, but she made certain to give his cock a few more seconds of respite. "Imagine her spreading her legs for other men before you—men she claimed didn't exist. Imagine her kneeling before them and taking their cocks into her mouth."

On cue, she curled her fingers about his member. She half-expected him to explode right then and there, but fortunately for him he maintained control. 

"How does it make you feel, Weylin?"

"Angry, mistress," he managed. "I feel...betrayed."

Varassa grunted. "If you were a drow I would castrate you for harboring such a sentiment. Our males know better than to assume a female owes them anything." She smiled and began to stroke him again. "But you're not a drow, and neither is this cunt here. Would you like to punish her?"

Weylin closed his eyes and nodded. "Yes."

"Good. You might not have been the first to claim her throat or cunt, but her ass is right there waiting for you..."

Whispering another word of magic, she adjusted the webbing and yanked Solemi's ankles up another few inches. Varassa then tugged on Weylin's cock until the swollen head was perfectly lined up with his lover's nether entrance. She could have easily conjured a bit of grease to smooth his entry, but he was still reasonably slick from Solemi's juices. And besides, the whole point was to make the girl squirm...

"Take her," Varassa commanded. "Punish her!"

Weylin eased the head of his cock inside, and Solemi instantly yelped in pained protest. 

"No!" she gasped. "No, you can't—"

"I never gave you permission to speak, cunt," Varassa interrupted. "Would you prefer it if I summoned one of my warriors down here to take you instead? Or perhaps I should unpack one my many wonderful toys and fuck you myself. I have an ogre cock I think you might appreciate..."

Her whimpers fell silent, and Varassa smiled. Despite her pathetic mewling, the girl clearly enjoyed being used this way. Her darthiir blood made her weak...

"All the way in, Weylin," Varassa instructed. "I won't let you finish until you're all the way in."

He eased deeper and deeper with each thrust, and Solemi closed her eyes and bit down on her lip. Sauntering back over to the girl's side, Varassa re-conjured her magical whip...but this time she shortened it to barely a third of its previous length. She then dragged the shimmering cord across Solemi's stomach and breasts.

"Do you feel sorry for lying to your lover?" Varassa asked. "Do you wish you'd told him the truth?"

"Yes," the girl gasped. "Yes, I'm sorry!"

"Then you've learned nothing. No female should ever apologize for her conquests."

"But..." she mumbled as Weylin drove into her again. He had nearly buried himself to the hilt already. "Please stop, mistress! I can't..."

"Can't what? Can't take him all the way? I doubt you had that problem with your other lovers. I think what you need is a distraction."

Varassa lashed the girl's breasts. Solemi yelped in pain...but then quickly groaned in ecstasy as the whip's magic set in. Pain became pleasure, pleasure became pain...everything would swirl inside her into an indecipherable blur. Varassa lashed a second time and then a third before Solemi shuddered with an impending climax. 

"You may finish whenever you like, cunt," the priestess said. "Prove your true nature by squealing like a whore."

Varassa lashed one final time, and Solemi convulsed in a powerful orgasm just as Weylin buried his cock deep in her bowels. His face contorted in pleasure, and it was clear he wouldn't last much longer...

"Mistress," he managed. "Mistress, I can't..."

Varassa snorted in amusement and returned to his side. "You may finish too, slave," she said. "But not inside her—she hasn't been properly marked just yet."

He pulled out, and Varassa once again took ahold of his member. This time she didn't even need a single stroke to set him off; he erupted instantly. The first jet fired all the way to Solemi's chin before splattering across her lips, while the second landed almost precisely between her breasts. The third and fourth sprayed across her belly, and only then did his cock finally fall silent. 
