 In the comfort of the temple, Lady Runica lay resting as the sun shone into her chamber. It was a beautiful morning, even the mood of the servants was uplifted. As they surrounded her, never venturing out of her presence yet keeping a modest distance, her slightest movements were carefully studied. A single motion of her finger could mean that she required a drink or another small but important task from her attendants. To serve the Lady of Kavfrikar was not only a privilege but a source of true joy.

Such joy was largely derived from the life-giving waters that surrounded the temple. Kavfrikar was a magical place, filled with wondrous sights and breathtaking miracles. The greatest of which was the Waters of Life, which flowed freely from the summit near the temple where the great dragon Axomis was said to reside. Though no one had ever seen him, it was said in ancient tales that he granted the lands access to the greatest gift a human could receive, the Waters of Life. For his love of mankind, Axomis flows forth the liquid to provide joy and elation on a level that could rarely be achieved by any other means.

Its rather taboo origination was not spoken of much, though, as it was also said that Axomis spews forth the euphoric liquid as a product of his own ecstasy. Mixing with the natural rivers, the ejaculation of Axomis became the Waters of Life, able to bestow great joy and satisfaction to any female that wished to bathe in its presence. Males were not able to receive this great pleasure from the waters, yet they too revered Axomis for his potency and generous nature. For you see, when a female bathes in the Waters of Life, she not only experiences great sexual pleasure and fulfillment, but becomes imbued with an insatiable need for that pleasure in a more tangible avenue. The desire for impregnation becomes so strong that a women in full drive will seek out any male that can nourish her hunger. There is no shortage of available specimens when the Waters of Life flow freely.

Because of this voracious appetite, the time for bathing in the waters is usually set aside when a women seeks to carry a child. In the land of Kavfrikar, marriage is something that nobles participate in to ensure ties between the lands. The promise of sexual intercourse does not provide any added incentive, for the land always experiences great carnal pleasure shared freely between all willing companions. A man may have many female companions, each of them carrying his children, yet at any time is a companion who has not given birth able to leave her mate and seek out another. Her ties to another mate do not exclude further sexual encounters with others until the time when she desires to give her mate children.

While most women who bathe in the waters are seeking its potent powers for giving birth, it is not at all discouraged to enjoy the pleasures of the waters solely for the purpose of sexual fulfillment. Often young women are taken to the waters by their mothers to enjoy sensual delights, preparing them for their future sessions. Runica remembered such times while lounging near the outcropping that overlooked the temple's Gatherer, the place where the Waters of Life formed a body of water. She would often sneak into the Gatherer without the consent of her mother, her royal status affording her many freedoms. She would cry out in the night, knowing the servants could hear her but knowing they were only envying her pleasure. Partaking of the waters was never considered a sin, even when a person's time was better spent elsewhere.

As Runica watched a handful of young ladies by the waters, she took delight in admiring the nubile bodies of those who simply waded their feet in the glassy pond. Others were in the throes of passion, some with only their faces showing their pleasure, while others were rubbing and fingering their bodies in ecstasy. Runica felt a stirring in her body as she witnessed them enjoying themselves. She was delighted to see two young women aid each other in their bathing, spreading the waters over each others' bodies and finally erupting into a passionate kiss while manipulating the genitals of the other.

Runica could take no more, and reached her hand into the air as if calling out to someone. A servant hurried to her side.

"Yes, my lady?" a young girl said to her, her head lowered respectfully.

"My dear, I have a special task for you." Runica gently ran her fingers over the girl's face, causing the eager servant to tremble.

"Anything for you," the young girl breathed.

Runica smiled. "I want you to summon my brother, but first, I wish to drink."

"Right away, my lady."

The girl did not move while Runica continued touching her.

"Young one, I do not thirst for wine. I wish to drink from the Gatherer."

The young girl looked up suddenly. Was such a thing really acceptable?

"Y-yes…of course, my lady," the girl answered.

"Bring me a goblet from the waters, and call for one of those women below to bring it to me. You will be allowed to remain at the Gatherer and bathe, as a token of thanks for your obedience."

The young girl's eyes lit up. "My lady! This will be my first time. I…don't know what to do."

Runica leaned forward and kissed the girl on the cheek, much to the girl's surprise. "You will know when the waters grace your skin. Now go."

The girl nodded and hurried away. Runica eagerly peered below her chamber as the two women engaged in passionate displays finished their pleasures with intense final cries. As they left the waters, surely in search of able-bodied men, the young servant girl knelt by the pool and gathered up a goblet from the waters. Her demeanor suggested that she could feel the power of the waters, as she reluctantly stood and sought one of the nearby women. Immediately upon explaining the request, a woman took the glass and entered the temple without bothering to clothe herself.

Runica knew it would be only a minute before her brother Alamir would arrive. She was very thirsty for the waters.

The nude woman appeared in the chamber and walked confidently toward Runica. Yet when she stood before her, she was quick to bow dutifully and offer the goblet before speaking. Runica accepted the goblet and caught the aroma of the potent liquid. Its intoxicating scent must have driven the women wild as she carried the goblet for so long without partaking of it.

"Thank you, my dear," Runica said.

"It was my pleasure, my lady," the woman answered, her body dripping from the waters. Runica restrained herself from reaching out to touch the woman's skin.

"You receive my instructions well. You may enjoy the lounges of the temple with the two men of your choice."

The woman was overcome with delight, and contained herself only long enough to leave the chamber.

Runica brought the goblet to her lips and let the liquid touch them gingerly. She was beginning to moisten at the juncture between her legs. As she let her tongue slide into the goblet, she could not suppress a moan. As it escaped her, the servants paid close attention to her as their own mouths watered at the sight.

Finally, after teasing herself more than anyone, Runica tipped the goblet and a swig of the waters passed over her tongue and was eagerly swallowed. A sharp jolt of pleasure coursed through her, and she felt oddly content yet hungry at the same time. She could not control her writhing movements as she drained the goblet, fighting to keep from touching herself. She did not hold back from masturbating on her own account, but knew that the servants would take great displeasure were they not allowed to pleasure her themselves.

The doors to the chamber swung open just then, and Alamir appeared. He wore only his wrapping and sandals. The eyes of the servants were drawn to his magnificent stature, as were Runica's. His toned body and sun-blessed skin were beautiful, and only a few fortunate servants had ever tasted his manhood. He stood before his equally ravishing sister, noticing the empty goblet.

"I see your summon is quite urgent after all," he said with a smile.

Runica purposely raised her arm, her thin covering doing little to hide her charms. Alamir took her hand and sat next to her, his own fingers finding their way to her curves. Runica dropped her shoulder and allowed her covering to fall from her body. Alamir kissed his way to her neck and felt her begin to loosen his cloth.

"Do you not greet me anymore?" Alamir teased.

"I dare not speak with the waters inside of me," Runica answered. "Lest some of it escape as I cry out."

"Your cries will not fall on deaf ears," Alamir said, referring to their entranced spectators.

"Hear this," Runica said to her servants. "I take no delight in depriving you of the pleasures of my body. As I consecrate my love for my brother, you may take comfort in knowing that each of you has earned her share of the waters, and has not lost any of my love."

"Waters be granted to each of you," Alamir agreed.

The servants were overjoyed at such a blessing. While they had each tasted of Runica's love many times, they secretly hoped that such a blessing would lead to the love of Alamir as well.

Upon removing their clothing, Runica and Alamir resumed their loving affections. As the servants looked on, they began stroking each other and kissing passionately. While relations between family members were accepted in Kavfrikar, it was unusual for noble siblings to seek each other out. A noble had his or her pick of any lover in the land, yet with beauty such as Runica and Alamir possessed, it was not left to question why they chose to give themselves to each other.

They lay naked on the lounge near the outcropping, hands wandering and legs sliding. Their casual movements became a lustful hunger, pulling at each other as they reacted to each other. Runica's heightened sexual need was not lost on Alamir, who proudly presented his own object of lust to his sister, as well as the envious stares of the servants.

Runica could not resist touching his manhood, feeling it swell in her grasp. She eagerly tugged at him, showing her anticipation of his impending penetration. His hands found her center, sliding and stroking but never invading. He would be venturing there soon enough.

Runica's ample breasts heaved before Alamir's hungry gaze. He could not resist tasting her skin, teasing her nipples with his tongue and teeth. His touches as well as the liquid of Axomis burning inside of her made her cry out in want. She desperately needed him to fill her, to complete her. Alamir was quite willing, almost painfully so as her hands felt his desire leaking from him.

He lifted her body and pulled her closer to him, his force delightfully surprising Runica. As he began to slide his member into her tight canal, he quickly kissed her, muffling her sounds of pleasure as he continued to venture deeper inside of her. When he had reached his end, Runica was once again surprised to find him so deep. She was always enthralled to have him fill her so full. Truth be told, she had never been so completely penetrated as when Alamir was entering her. To be fucked by her brother was one of her most beloved moments.

As the consummation resumed, the servants had lost themselves in the sight before them. Alamir's strong legs and back provided the most wonderful sight as he thrust himself into Runica. His fit was tight, yet never had it been more inviting. The Waters of Life had prepared her body for him, and would grant her a climax like no other.

Runica groaned in pleasure as Alamir continued his thrusts. Their sexes joined in loving unison as their rhythm took shape. Runica's warm tunnel accepted Alamir's throbbing manhood and eagerly fit itself around him snugly. A few times he had to bury himself deep inside of his sister and remain, allowing himself to rest while prolonging his final bliss. Runica was not far from her own climax, and knew that Alamir would not allow himself to withhold it from her.

Steadily, they fucked each other with love and affection, until Runica glanced down to see their sexes join. The sight of their glorious union sent her body into a spasm and waves of pleasure spiked through her. She arched herself and pressed Alamir into her body, crushing herself against him. The friction of his body on top of her only intensified the feeling.

Alamir allowed himself to feel pride over his ability to give her so much pleasure. Once her climax had subsided, followed by writhing and twitching, Runica looked into her brother's eyes with love and whispered to him.

"Cum, my love."

Alamir did not hold back and grimaced as his own body began its fiery descent into climax. His strength was only emphasized as he hunched himself over her body, which suddenly seemed so fragile beneath him. The servants were silenced in awe as they watched their lord reveal his most vulnerable moment for them to see.

He cried out as he spasmed. Runica caressed his face, squeezing herself around his shaft when he could no longer continue thrusting. He emptied his seed into her in thick ropes, releasing copious amounts into her waiting belly. She pleasured him greatly, and his shivers confirmed this fact to her. She ran her fingernails lightly up and down his arms as the last of his strength was spent. Finally, the heated exchange between them had exhausted Alamir.

As they rested, Runica held her brother to her breast, stroking his hair as he breathed the scent of her skin. The servants soon became aware of their duties, and hurried to bring wet cloths to dampen the glistening brows of their masters. Then they began to wrap silken materials around them, containing them in their pleasured state as if wanting to preserve them. Alamir pulled Runica onto him and leaned back as the servants wrapped them securely, all the while Alamir's erect manhood was still enveloped by Runica's inviting entrance.

As he remained inside of her, the silken cloths held them in their joining. Alamir laid back as Runica relaxed onto him, her head leaning down onto his chest. They rested together as their pleasure echoed throughout their bodies. Alamir's climax was a finality, but Runica would continue to climax on top of him without effort on his part. Only the manhood within her canal was needed, as the Waters of Life would bless her with stimulation and enhanced pleasure.

Alamir enjoyed watching her rock ever so gently on top of him, keeping him erect with her movements. He watched her climax two more times before drifting off into sleep. Once more and Runica soon followed, though her dreams were filled with pleasures enhanced by the waters. Together they dreamed, and even during their sleep they shared orgasms, Runica many times while Alamir finally released his orgasm within her towards the end of their sleep.

It was near the end of her dreams that Runica stirred long enough to utter a sleepy contentment.

"Praise Axomis."