 They called her the new super heroine, and named her the Jaguar. And she lapped it up like a cat with the cream.

She played it as mysterious super heroine for all she was worth, mask, fancy costume, secret identity, etc. etc.

Me, I'm just an ordinary Joe, a chemist by trade. Normally I just ignore the super bunch. They tend to be arrogant, full of what marvellous things they can do and how they're here to serve all mankind. Fame and fortune are just lucky side effects.

Jaguar, for some reason, irritated me. Actually, I know the reason. A friend of mine was walking through the park when a junkie tried to mug him. It was a stupid act on the part of the junkie, who just happened to be a young woman. Andy just casually slapped her hand aside and her knife went flying. A clout to the side of the head and he was all ready to make a citizen's arrest when Jaguar popped up out of nowhere and clobbered him.

He wound up in hospital with a broken arm and a missing wallet. The junkie had taken advantage of the confusion to grab it and run. There were no charges laid against Andy, and the cops just laughed at him when he tried to file charges against Jaguar. Apparently you don't file charges against super heroines.

Andy has a civil case pending, but he's got to find her to serve papers before it can proceed. Andy is right royally pissed about the whole thing.

It was after that that I decided to do a little bit of research on Jaguar, working out her strengths and weaknesses.

Her strengths were easy enough to work out. Most of the obvious one, super-strength and durability, which also gave her super-speed. To go with those she had enhanced agility and reflexes and superior sight and smell and sense of touch. I also had reason to believe she had very high pain tolerance, but that might be by training, rather than innately super. It seemed to me that a heightened sense of touch would include heightened sensitivity to pain, unless you trained yourself to ignore it.

Her weaknesses fairly leapt out at me. Arrogance, combined with an average intellect. That very high pain tolerance could also be a weakness. She didn't seem to have healing powers, either. I noticed that if she got a fat lip, or a black eye, she'd stay off the scene for a few days while it healed. Her vanity wouldn't let her go out and be seen like that. Not that she got many bruises. She was so fast she rarely got hit.

Having a little list of pluses and minuses, I now wanted to know who she was. The secret identity bit, and all that. So I took to following her. It was easy enough. I just found out what direction she came from, and what direction she departed in. A little bit of triangulation and I had a small area marked down as her home territory.

I took to wandering around that area, taking photos of everyone there, building up a dossier. After a couple of weeks I had a reasonable list of possibilities. 

If you're wondering how, it is easy enough. You take photos of everyone you see, and keep taking them. After a while you start tossing out too old, too young, too fat, too thin, wrong colour, and you've lost a lot of people. Then you dump the people who you only see once or twice. Then you find you don't have all that many left.

Now I started winnowing through the remainder. It wasn't long and one woman started to stand out from the crowd. She was a fast mover, agile and strong. She was quite pretty and a littler vain from what I could see. She also had this little habit of suddenly dashing into a clothes shop, grabbing something off the rack and darting into a change room. She would be gone for quite a while. 

Needing some actual proof, I arranged with Andy to raise a false alarm that would have Jaguar running to the scene. This woman shot into a little shop and into the change room. I wandered in a little while later and checked the change room. Empty. Leaving a little snoop to tell me what was happening, I waited. Sure enough, in came Jaguar and put on her clothes again, neatly covering her costume. She has a very nice figure, by the way.

After that, I trailed her home, checked the area and made plans.

Have you ever made a match dart? They're easy to do. You tie a pin to a match with a bit of cotton, and add a little tuft of paper at the other end to act as a flight. They can be thrown a reasonable distance to give someone a little sting. I'm a chemist, remember. My little match dart was dipped in this little concoction I'd made up. Let's just say a bit of curare was in it. That might give a hint of what it would do.

The rest was timing. I walked towards Jaguar's place just as she was reaching home. A toss of the dart and I pinged her neatly in the leg. It was only a pinprick, and with her pain tolerance I didn't think she'd even notice. She did, though, and idly slapped at her leg, probably assuming an insect had bitten her. The dart had already fallen out, so she didn't see it.

Jaguar marched up to her door and opened it, with me coming up fast from behind. Then the drug hit her and she went down, all loose and floppy like a dirty old sock being dropped. I caught her and helped her inside.

A quick check showed that no-one else was home, which was what I expected, and then another quick check of my victim showed she was wearing most of her Jaguar outfit under her clothes. It's nice when it all comes together.

I carried Jaguar through to her bedroom and tossed her on the bed. I should mention that Jaguar was wide awake through all this. Just not able to move. She was clear headed and knew exactly what I was doing, but didn't have any way of stopping me, apart from the verbal. Boy, was she verballing me. I was shocked to find a super-heroine not only knew so many rude words, but she knew the correct way to use them.

Finally tiring of the abuse, I tilted her slightly to the side and delivered a good hard spank to her bottom. From the yelp, it was plain that I'd over-rated her pain tolerance. She'd definitely felt that and didn't like it.

"Now you've given me something to think about," I told her. "I was just going to entertain you on the bed, but now I'm wondering if I should spank you first. You have been a naughty girl, after all."

Jaguar was all, who are you, what did I do to you, why are you doing this, what do you think you're doing? Being polite I thought I should answer her questions.

"As to who I am, do you really expect me to tell you? You can just call me sir or master. You didn't do anything to me, apart from irritate me generally. I'm doing this because I want to. What do you think I'm doing? 

What has happened is you've been drugged. You're going to be totally relaxed for the next half an hour to possibly a full hour. Then you'll find all your strength coming back to you, and you'll be able to run around and play with bad boys again."

While I'd been chatting to Jaguar, I'd also been stripping off her outer clothes, leaving her in just her Jaguar outfit, less the mask, of course. By a lucky coincidence, Jaguar had this little movie camera on the bedside table. I hadn't even considered that possibility up to now, but seeing it was there....

I turned the camera so it was covering the bed and started it recording. I sat on the bed facing sidewards to the camera, and hauled Jaguar across my knee. A quick check of how her outfit fitted on her, and then I was pushing her tights and panties down, her bottom shining at the camera. (So would her pussy, if she didn't keep her legs together.)

"You've been upsetting people," I told her, giving her a good hard spank. She could sure feel that, and didn't she squeal.

"You've played the vigilante," spank, "attacked innocent bystanders," spank, "assaulted people who were the victims," spank, "and made a complete jackass of yourself." Spank.

It seems that if you spank a totally relaxed bottom, not only does it hurt but if causes the spankee's legs to separate. Unfortunately for Jaguar, drugged, she wasn't able to keep them together, and the camera was busy recording her pussy as well as her spanking.

After relieving my initial irritation with a nice firm spanking, I started stroking Jaguar's pussy.

"Did you know that the camera is looking at you here?" I asked her, poking her privates with my finger. "When I do this, the camera records it all. Do you want me to send you a copy of the film afterwards?"

Boy, the way she was carrying on, you'd think she'd never been goosed before. If the threats and curses she uttered came true, I'd be a greasy smear on the pavement.

Time was passing, so I thought I'd better get a move on. While the camera watched and recorded, I finished stripping Jaguar, and rolled her onto her back. At that point, I stopped the camera and pocketed the SD drive. The following actions would be private. I'm not an exhibitionist.

Well, maybe I am a little. I moved to stand where Jaguar could see me while I undressed. I thought it only fair that she should be able to see what I was going to give her. Her swearing assured me she was mightily impressed with my goodies, and I assured her that she'd enjoy them too, like it or not.

Moving down and sitting on the bed next to Jaguar's hip I started playing with her pussy. Slipping a finger inside caused an immediate squawk of outrage, with more squawks and squeals as I played inside her. Reaching her vaginal opening I was a little surprised. An intact hymen. It seems that she in fact had not ever had a man poking her pussy, or at least, not with serious intent.

I transferred my attentions to her breasts. A gentle touch and a roll of the nipple, and the nipple was standing erect. It seems she most definitely had a super sense of touch, and being touched. Jaguar was squealing, and if she'd been able to move she'd probably have been tossing herself around, trying to get touched everywhere at once. Those weren't squeals of pain or anger; they were pure excitement.

Time for the main event I decided. I propped her head up on her pillows so she could look down the length of herself and see what I was doing.

What I was doing was kneeling between her thighs and lining my cock up on her pussy. I eased her lips apart and edged in, and when I was set, rammed home.

Jaguar screamed again, with pain this time, as I burst through her hymen and charged up her vaginal passage.

I waited there until her moaning had ceased, and then told her not to be such a baby. Time for some fun now, I added.

I pulled back, finding her hot, wet, and tight but relaxed. Not that she had much choice on that last one.

Pushing back in, I moved more slowly, and her super-sensitivity came screaming to life. Literally, in this case, as Jaguar found her voice and let her excitement sound forth. There was nothing she could do to stop me, and my cock rubbing against her inner surfaces was wreaking havoc on her nervous system.

I added another weakness to my list. Is helpless when a cock is inside her. Mind you, most criminals she dealt with wouldn't get the chance to find that out.

Now I started pumping, regretting that she couldn't move with me. Still, you can't have everything, and if she could move with me she could also pick me up and throw me out the window. I'd just have to make the best of it.

Which I proceeded to do, doing my best to use my cock to drive Jaguar insane. The way she was reacting, I was probably making a reasonable show of it, and her squeals and scream kept getting higher and coming faster. Then I think she went to supersonic, because while her mouth was open, I couldn't hear any sounds. I remember expecting to hear glass breaking at any moment.

Eventually I climaxed, and as I did so I saw Jaguar's mouth snap closed and her eyes flare wide apart. I suspected that she was having her own orgasm at that stage, and then I got a nervous chill running down my back. I could feel her inner muscles closing around my cock, milking it, while Jaguar was gasping and tossing her head. 

Then Jaguar was lying still again, looking at me with shocked eyes, while I was hastily pulling away and getting dressed.

If Jaguar could toss her head and grab my cock with her internal muscles, them my little concoction was wearing off way too early, and I was so out of there. (I considered it too dangerous to dope her again. Safer to just leave.)

I dropped a kiss on Jaguar's forehead and waved goodbye as I headed for the door. She turned and watched as I ran, still looking stunned, and I was praying she wouldn't realise that she was mobile for another minute or so.

I was out the house, round the corner and driving away before I felt I could breathe easy.

We don't hear much of Jaguar fighting crime these days. She seems to be a bit busy fighting court cases. Someone tipped Andy off as to her secret identity, and he slapped a summons on her. Won his case, too. She had to fork out for his hospital and medical expenses, compensate him for the lost wallet and legal fees, and pay damages for his pain and suffering.

Last I heard, even some of the criminals she actually caught are trying to sue her. Unnecessary violence, they reckon.