 Act 3: Submission

As usual, Varassa woke up alone. Before retiring for the evening, she had summoned her scout commander, Maliveth, to her bedchamber. He had demonstrated reasonable skill at ulis'quarra, especially compared to the bumbling males the Matron Mother typically assigned to this outpost, and just as importantly he was smart enough not to overstay his welcome. One of these days she would reward his service—she might even grant him the honor of spilling inside her—but even a chosen servant of the Spider Queen couldn't ignore her duties forever, and right now it was time to get back to work. 

After treating herself to a long bath in the steaming pools, Varassa donned her armor and then shared a small morning meal with the three acolytes serving beneath her. The steamed sha'veska stalks were nowhere near as delicious as the freshly-picked ones from the temple garden in Vel'shannar, but thankfully her new cook had the good sense to conceal their wilting flavor by mixing his mediocre ingredients together in a stew. Now more than ever, Varassa longed to serve in an outpost where supply shipments weren't so few and far between. 

Once the meal was finished, she took a quick lap around the base-camp and supervised a handful of training activities before making her way to the Spider Queen's shrine. Under her close direction, the acolytes performed their daily rituals satisfactorily, though Varassa could tell they were all hankering to sacrifice one of the new surfacers as soon as possible. Most of their bloodlust was borne of simple jealousy, of course; they were envious of their mistress's new playthings. But Varassa really hadn't offered the goddess any gifts in quite some time, and sooner or later the Spider Queen would likely demand blood from someone or something. Perhaps, Varassa mused, she would ask the scout commander to choose his weakest warrior as an offering soon...

Evening rolled around quickly, and after another brief meal of mushrooms and greens, Varassa was finally free to return to the dungeon. The guard had rotated from the previous night, but he looked every bit as bored as his counterpart. 

"Priestess," he said, dropping to a knee as she approached. 

"Have my pets misbehaved?" she asked. 

"No, mistress. They have not attempted escape."

"You left the gate unlocked as I ordered?"

"Yes, but they made no attempt to leave."

Varassa grinned. "You fed and bathed them?"

"The male, yes," the guard confirmed. "The female was left alone, as you instructed."

"Excellent. You have pleased me, male. Continue to do so, and perhaps I shall grant you an hour alone with her."

His lip twisted in disgust. "I have no wish to touch a niskaru whore..."

"You would refuse a gift from me?" Varassa asked, her voice cooling dangerously. 

"N-no, of course not, Priestess," he blurted out, realizing his mistake. "I will serve as you require."

"I should hope so. This camp has no room for a disobedient male. If I give you the order to fuck that mongrel, I expect your cock to be inside her as quickly as you can open your trousers. If I order you to clean the prison floor with your tongue, I expect you to be on your knees and licking before I finish the sentence. Do you understand?"

"Yes, Priestess Varassa," he said, nodding. "I meant no disrespect."

"Good. Now I intend to visit our prisoners. Make certain I am not interrupted."

Varassa strode into the dungeon without waiting for a reply. The scene below was nearly identical to the way she'd left it: Solemi remained prone on the bed, wrists fastened behind her back and legs splayed in the air. Weylin's dried seed covered her from chin to cunt at this point, and there were enough new splotches that he had clearly taken her several more times during the night. He stood up the instant Varassa rounded the corner.

"Good evening, my pets," she said. "I trust you slept well?"

"Yes, mistress," Weylin told her as he shuffled to the center of the room and took a knee. He had clearly learned his place after just a single day; apparently not all surface males were as obstinate and prideful as she'd been led to believe. 

Smiling, Varassa conjured her shimmering whip and approached him. The sudden illumination, dim though it was, forced him to blink awkwardly for a few seconds before he leaned down and kissed the tip of her boot. 

"Good boy," she said. "Did you have fun with your mate after I left you? Did you punish her further?"

"Yes, mistress."

"I thought as much," Varassa said, rubbing her fingers through his hair. After a moment she pivoted back around and stepped over to the bed. "What about you, cunt? Did you enjoy being used like the whore you are?"

Solemi muttered something into her gag, and Varassa grunted in amusement before dragging her whip across the girl's breasts. Once again her pale surface flesh prickled in anticipation.

"I'm sure you did," Varassa said. "You surfacers will be much happier when you finally accept your proper place beneath our heel. But until then..."

She flicked her wrist and lashed the whip across Solemi's stomach, then again across her tits and cunt. The girl writhed in pain and then pleasure as the red marks gradually faded. 

"Rise, Weylin," Varassa ordered. "Come here."

He stood and stepped up next to her. Just yesterday, he had winced at the sight of his lover squirming in discomfort; today he didn't even flinch. 

"You've performed so well that I've decided to reward you early," Varassa said as she slipped in behind him. She gently placed the whip in his right hand. "Strike her, Weylin. Punish her for the lies she has told you."

He seemed hesitant at first, but after a few seconds his strong hand closed about the grip. He dragged the shimmering tendrils across Solemi's legs, and with an abrupt flick he lashed the inside of her thighs. 

"That's a start, but she deserves more," Varassa whispered into his ear. Pivoting behind him, she once again curled her left hand around his waist and slowly began to stroke his hardening member. "Think of all the cocks she's taken inside her...think of all the seed she's swallowed."

Weylin struck Solemi harder this time, and Varassa spurred him on until the girl's thighs and stomach were nearly glowing red. A climax shuddered through the niskaru whore even as she yelped in pain, and a sheen of sweat soon covered her flesh. 

"Very good," Varassa said, nibbling at his ear. With a word of magic she dismissed the whip and then released her grip on his now-throbbing member. "That was merely your first prize of the day, my pet, but another still awaits you." She pivoted back around in front of him and smiled. "You may remove my armor."

He blinked in confusion. "Mistress?"

"You do know how armor works, yes?" she asked. "I'm giving you the pleasure of removing mine. I suggest you begin immediately."

"O-of course," he managed. Slowly but surely, he unbuckled the straps on the back of her breastplate. The last time she had captured pleasure slaves, she had forced them to wait nearly a week before granting them the privilege of seeing her naked. But she liked these two, and there was no shame in reminding a half-breed of her physical inadequacies. All told, it took him the better part of five minutes to remove the major pieces and set them down against the wall, and eventually all that remained were her matching spider-silk bandeau and thong—and her boots, of course, but those weren't going anywhere. 

"You may remove the cloth as well," Varassa told him. "The boots stay."

Nodding nervously, Weylin unfastened her bandeau and freed her perfect breasts. He stared at them for a moment, clearly mesmerized, before leaning down and unclasping the sash around her waist. Unlike the niskaru whore, Varassa's quim required no grooming; her ebon folds were smooth and hairless. She made sure to give her slaves several seconds to appreciate the sleek, slender figure of their new goddess. Her blue-gray skin was unblemished aside from her navel tattoo, and Weylin's cock instantly twitched in appreciation.

"Do you like what you see, slave?"

"Yes, mistress," he said, swallowing. "You are...radiant."

"I'm sure that's a compliment on the surface, and so I'll forgive your poor choice of words," Varassa muttered. "As penance, however, you shall give me a kiss."

Again he paused in surprise before standing and leaning in towards her lips. 

"Not there, fool," she scolded. She lifted her right leg and braced the heel of her boot against the nearby table, then pointed to the ground with her finger. "Prove your worth to me from your knees like a good male."

With an anxious nod, he knelt back down and slowly brought his lips and tongue to her quim. His inexperience was painfully obvious—Varassa probably would have executed any drow male who demonstrated his level of meandering incompetence—but Weylin's raw enthusiasm nearly made up for his lack of skill. He clearly wanted to please her, and for the moment that was all she cared about. The beginnings of a climax stirred deep insider her, but before the euphoria could swell she placed her fingers in his hair and pushed him away. 

"You have pleased me again, slave," she told him, "which means that it is time for your final reward. Stand and give me your hands."

This time his confused pause lasted only an instant before he returned to his feet and offered his hands to her. Lowering her leg back to the floor, Varassa took his wrists and twisted them around behind his back. Once they were secure, she conjured a restraining cord to hold them in place. 

"Don't worry: you haven't offended me," she soothed. "But you won't need these today. You see, I come bearing good news—for both of you. In my infinite mercy, I have decided to give you the opportunity you've been waiting for: if Weylin here performs just one simple task for me, I shall allow both of you to return to your homes on the surface."

The lovers glanced at one another, clearly unsure of whether or not they should believe their mistress. Varassa could almost feel the hope pouring off them, particularly Solemi...and she couldn't help but grin in response. Yes, this was definitely going to be amusing...

Sliding over to the bed, she sat down next to Solemi and crossed her legs. "I do not jest—my offer is quite genuine," she assured them. "You have pleased me so far, and I always reward obedience." Opening her palm, she conjured a tiny, crystalline hourglass and twirled it right above Solemi's head. "My task is quite simple," she went on, running her free fingers through the girl's hair. "Weylin here is going to lie down upon this bed, and then I am going to fuck him. If he can hold out long enough for this glass to empty—just a few minutes—then both of you will be free to go. I will order my men to return you back to the temple where they found you, and you will never hear from us again."

Varassa's smile widened. "If, on the other hand, he cannot control himself...then the two of you shall remain bound to me. What do you think?"

Solemi quivered but remained silent. Weylin didn't respond either, though his cock did seem to grow another quarter inch...

"I should probably mention that none of my slaves has ever met this challenge," Varassa went on. "Perhaps you will be the first."

She allowed the two of them to think about her offer for a moment before standing and cutting free the webs holding up Solemi's ankles. Her legs dropped awkwardly to the floor, and Varassa grabbed ahold of the girl's collar and spun her around until she was positioned length-wise on the bed just below the headboard. 

"You will have pleasure of watching us, cunt," Varassa said. "Perhaps you will even learn something in the process."

Chuckling in amusement, the priestess conjured another set of restraints and bound Solemi's ankles together as they dangled off the side of the bed. From here, she would have a perfect view of the proceedings. 

"Perfect," Varassa said, glancing back over her shoulder to Weylin. "Take her place on the bed, slave. I want you on your back."

Swallowing heavily, he sat down on the edge of the bed and then sprawled backwards until his brown hair brushed against Solemi's stomach. Varassa stepped back over to him and smiled at the sight of his glistening flesh and rock-hard member. It was hard to believe they had only been dragged here yesterday afternoon; it felt like she'd been waiting for this moment forever. Most of her slaves took weeks if not months to fully break, but Weylin here had been groveling at her boot within minutes. Under normal circumstances, she might have been disappointed...but not today. Not with such a glorious prize awaiting her. 

Slowly, teasingly, Varassa placed her knee on the bed and then slung her leg over his waist. His cock throbbed in anticipation, and she leaned forward and gently ran her tongue along the back of his shaft. She could have easily swallowed him right then and there, and a part of yearned to see just how quickly she could make him erupt...but if everything went as planned, she would have plenty of opportunity to taste him later. 

"Remember our agreement," she whispered, dangling the hourglass just above his head. "You need only endure for a few moments, and then you and Solemi will be free to leave. I will even grant a small head start..."

Varassa reached over the headboard, making sure to lower her breasts just above Weylin's face, and then dangled the hourglass above the girl's abdomen. "If the glass falls, our deal is void," Varassa explained. "I suggest you remain as still as possible, cunt...unless you would also like to stay with me."

With a wicked smile, Varassa flipped the hourglass over and nestled it into Solemi's navel. The sand immediately began filtering through. 

"As for you, Weylin," Varassa went on, stretching down close enough that the tip of his member rubbed against her smoldering entrance. "You should be aware that if you stay, I shall shower you with gifts. Your cock shall find refuge inside the warmest, wettest sheath you can imagine. I shall allow you to serve me, and in return I will show you pleasure that will light a fire in your dreams from now until the Spider Queen claims your soul." 

Varassa kissed him softly even as her right hand began to ease him inside her. "Perhaps a demonstration is in order..."

A stifled gasp escaped his lips, and she gave him a moment to acclimate before sinking down onto him. Despite her best efforts to remain in control, she was already so wet that she had no difficulty accommodating his impressive girth. Soon he was buried to the hilt, and she had to bite down on her lip to suppress her own climax. She hadn't taken a cock inside her in weeks, and none of her male warriors was blessed with such a gorgeous instrument. 

Placing her palms against Weylin's chest, Varassa began to grind her hips against him. He whimpered in delight, and he clenched his teeth in a futile effort to control himself. The hourglass was almost half empty already, but there was no way in the Abyss he would be able to hold out that long...

After a few more thrusts, she once again leaned down next to his ear. "What do you think, slave? Do you wish to return home with your lover here? She might decide to leave you the moment you reach the surface. You may never have another chance to slide your cock into that beautiful little ass of hers." 

Varassa grinned and glanced up to Solemi. Despite being immobilized, the girl was still quivering in her restraints. She clearly wished to leave, even if she'd secretly enjoyed every moment of her bondage. The question was whether or not Weylin was strong enough—or cared enough—to save her.

"If you stay with me, you can have her whenever you like in any way that you like," Varassa told him between breaths. "Your cock won't be dry for an instant unless you wish it. But you had best make up your mind soon—time is running out."

The hourglass ticked away, and Varassa clamped her thighs so tightly about his waist it hurt. She rode him as hard and fast as she could, and the bed squeaked as its feet dragged across the stone. She bit down on her lip as his cock throbbed inside her—

And then Weylin erupted. He cried out in helpless exultation, and Varassa finally allowed herself to join him. A tremor of ecstasy shuddered its way from her toes all the way to her lips, and the world went dark as every muscle in her body seemed to contract at once. When her vision finally turned, she saw the hourglass teetering atop Solemi's belly...and it wasn't yet empty. 

Varassa had won. Just like always. 

"You've made a wise choice, my pet," she said breathlessly. "I knew you'd wish to stay with your mistress..."

Leaning her head down, she kissed him for a long, heated moment before pulling away and lifting herself off him. His cock slid out of her, but it wasn't completely flaccid as she'd expected—he really did have remarkable endurance, and with the aid of her magic he would probably mount him again in just a few seconds...

But there was no reason to rush. Their time together was just beginning, after all, and she still had so many delights left to show him. 

"It would seem that your lover would rather stay here with me, cunt," Varassa said as she shuffled over to Solemi and swung her leg across the girl's body instead. She lowered her quim down directly atop Solemi's open mouth just as Weylin's seed began to seep out of her. "You might as well get used to tasting him...and me. We're going to have so much fun together."

Varassa smiled even as the girl squirmed helplessly beneath her, and she reached out and raked her fingernails across Weylin's muscular chest. It was a pity that humans aged so rapidly. She could imagine keeping him around for a long time. 

"As for you, my dear," she whispered, "your journey has only just begun. Now tell me: who is it that owns you?"

"You, mistress," he breathed. "I am your humble slave."

"Yes," Varassa said, grinning in delight as she clamped her thighs about the niskaru's face. "You are mine...now and forever."