 Naomi lightly sighed as the entered in the last line of code. One of thousands, colored text stretching for megabytes upwards on the screen of the monitor. From her seat, she glanced over to her years-long labor sitting in the center of the basement. 

Not much too look at; simply two large metal rings, one at the top and bottom, connected by a pole with complicated equipment at the base. But prototypes rarely were pretty; once she showed it off to the public, investors would be throwing money at her. A fully-functional, fully realized stasis field. 

She snickered, already giddy at the possibilities if it worked. Maybe she'd travel the world, satisfying that twinge of wanderlust she'd always had. Or maybe she'd just continue her work, pushing the boundaries of science even further. A third thought entered her mind, one where she retired to a tropical island surrounded by naked women. She chuckled at the thought; now that was fantasy. 

It'd been hell the last few days rewriting the code from scratch after the last failure, but she was almost certain it would finally work. Ninety percent. Eighty? 

With a stroke of the keys, she ran the program. The prototype flared to life, a blue pillar of light sparking into existence between the metal rings. It pulsed, growing ever brighter until the basement walls were basking in its serene glow. 

Her eyes grew wide, and her heart raced away from her chest. Had she done it? She had to test it. Luckily, she had an apple handy on her desk, and threw it at the field. The apple sunk into it, and then stopped, its moment paused. 

She jumped up in her chair, raising her arms. "Woo-" 

The field suddenly faded. With an electrical groan, the blue light suddenly faded out of reality. 

"-hoo." 

The apple dropped, hitting the bottom of the machine and rolling away from the floor. She brought a palm to the top of her long brown hair, running it down her face. Of course it didn't work, she thought. Why would it? Why would something she'd spent years on actually do something? 

She caught herself in a negative loop and consciously pushed those thoughts aside. No, she couldn't do this. She knew what she was getting into when she resolved to invent it alone; no one to steal her credit, no silicon valley "ideas guy" to claim it was his brainchild. 

Honestly, the hardest part was setting up a lab. Something secure, and hidden. Her prayers were answered when she'd found a hidden room of an abandoned office building, stairs leading to a basement hidden behind a barely-visible hidden door on the wall. It must've been some kind of weird apartment built with the building; it even had a bedroom and bathroom, the latter of which still had running water. She had to provide her own electricity, but that was trivial. She practically lived in it now, having thrown herself fully into her invention. 

She wasn't sure what the room had been used for previously. Storage? Break room? Who cared, it was hers now. 

With another sigh, she leaned back in her chair with sulking defeat, her mind racing over what could've gone wrong. What is it a hardware problem? 

She grumbled and sat forward, rubbing her temples. Whatever it was, she wasn't in the mood to fix it. She needed a shower, and she needed a nap. She got up from her seat, walking over to the bedroom and attached bathroom. 

Once inside, she quietly stripped down, checking her pale body in the mirror, her grey eyes sparkling back at her. Her work had left her without a tan, but she'd taken special care to not let her body waste while dedicated to her project, and sometimes she wondered if she went overboard. When she wasn't working on the stasis field, she was taking out her frustrations at the gym and had toned her body to a lean, shapely form. 

She put her hands on her hips, her gaze drifting to her pussy. Tight and inviting, her inner folds just barely peeking out. A pussy to die for, but one that sadly hadn't seen action for a while. Too busy to date or even have a fling, Naomi instead looked forward to her opportunities once she unveiled her invention. 

It was an uneventful shower for as she scrubbed off the recent failure. Turning the shower off, she stepped out, drying herself off with a nearby town and re-dressing herself only halfway into short pants and a plain white shirt. 

Naomi flopped down on the bed back-first, hoping she'd go to sleep as soon as she landed. No such luck. She lay there for minutes, slowly realizing her nap wasn't going to come easy. She needed something to relax, and her thoughts drifted back to the brief fantasy she'd had in the other room. An island of naked woman, their wet bodies glistening on the beach. 

She bit her lip, her fingers drifted down her pants to the lips of her labia. She slowly began to knead herself, imagining her own naked body on that wonderful island. Body bare to the world, no shame or hesitation for whose mouth it was around her pussy. 

The tightness rose in her. She slowly pushed herself into a gentle orgasm, a moan escaping her lips as the waves of pleasure rolled through her. She kept stroking herself until the waves had died down utterly. 

Naomi breathed deep, satisfied for the time being. 

And then it hit her. 

She knew! 

She didn't know if it was the orgasm or what, but the solution struck her mind like a bolt. One line of code, something she kicked herself for not realizing before. With a heave, she leaped off the bed, racing towards the computer in the main room. She scrolled through the code, finding the offending line of code and changing only a few variables. 

With another stroke, she ran the program once more. The machine flared to life, once again filling with blue light. Only this time it didn't sputter out of existence, remaining steady for a full minute after. Naomi stood perfectly still, not even willing to tempt Lady Luck with premature celebration. Had she done it? 

She checked the computer. If it stasis field was truly stable, it'd show no draw from the power supply. Nothing. Not an amp of power was going to the field. She sat back, blinking in disbelief. 

"I've done it," she breathed. She took a moment to compose herself and made a wry grin. "Island of naked women, here I come." 

Still, there were a few more tests she had to run. She also had to put something around the field itself; if she fell in, she'd be trapped inside, frozen in time until someone found her. Selecting a few other programs, she directed the computer to run its final sanity checks while she looked for something to cordon off the stasis field with. 

Luckily, she had just the thing. A few small crates, just high enough block a path but not low enough to trip over. Unluckily, they were sitting on a table behind the stasis machine. She grunted, getting up from her chair and walked over. 

Halfway there, her foot caught. Snagged under a cable. Her balance failed, and she suddenly stumbled forward. 

Towards the stasis field. 

Her heart doubled in pace as she tried to lean out of the way, and at the last second, ducked to the left, avoiding the pillar of light. She tumbled in her fall, landing on her rump with a thud. She cursed, rubbing away the pain as best she could until she realized she had a new problem. In her fall, the side of her foot had caught in the stasis field. Worse, it was pulling it in. 

Soon her entire body moved as the field lifted her foot up along with its owner. It was the amber, Naomi was the fly. She struggled against it, grabbing what she could to pound the base of the prototype, but to no avail. She could only watch in horror as the pillar loomed before her, and then enveloped her head. What remained of her body followed, trapping her upside-down with a face of terror. 

Frozen in time, she thought no more than a rock did. 

In a split second from her reference, the field suddenly collapsed. She hit the ground and immediately sprang up with a scream, finding herself in a great white expanse of nothing. Whipping her head around the room, she briefly wondered if she'd gone blind. But looking down, she saw the metallic base of the prototype, deactivated and powered down. 

Not blind. Crazy? She couldn't even guess how much time had passed, or where she was. 

But she knew something had turned off the stasis field. Unless someone ran a tank over it, it would've stayed on until the end of time. 

"Hello?" she asked. 

Silence. 

"Look, if you're some Silicon Valley guys wanting to know how that thing works, no dice." 

Again, silence. She shrugged, sitting down on the metal base of the stasis machine, her thoughts counting the possibilities. Being dead was a possibility, she guessed. Maybe Hell was just an eternity in a white room. 

Nah, that didn't make sense. Did that mean the stasis machine was a sinner too? Before she could debate with herself on whether or not a stasis field generator had a soul, part of the uniform witness of the room slide aside with a hiss, revealing an ebony woman with dark curly hair. 

Short and slim, the seductive sway of her hips and soft features of her face were betrayed by the loose-fitting pants and lab-coat on her body, two sizes too big, just like the shoes on her feet. A datapad hovered next to her, seemingly under its own power, and as she walked up to Naomi, it floated over to he grasp. She typed on its translucent keyboard, and a white chair rose from the white nothing of the room. Two of them, one for her and one for Naomi. 

The mysterious woman smiled and motioned for her to sit down. Naomi complied, still utterly baffled. Once she did, the first question that sprang to mind escaped from her lips. 

"Where am I?" 

The woman gave another reassuring smile. "This is the Venusian Institute of Gynotechnology. Located in what you would remember as...Atlanta? I'm Doctor Layo." 

Atlanta? That was a full state over. 

"What am I doing in Atlanta?" 

Naomi asked. 

The woman considered her words. "Atlanta...well, the city that is here now doesn't go by that name. It hasn't for a long time. It's known as Ayaba, now. Archaeologists found you trapped in stasis in a chamber underground a fair distance away. As far as they could tell, you'd been there for hundreds of years, but they couldn't deactivate it, and so brought it to us. We've been working to free you for the last several days." 

Her heart sank. Hundreds of years? She leaned forward in her chair, cupping her face in her palm. "How many hundreds? What year is it?" 

"They told us based on the artifacts recovered in your lab, you had to be from at least two hundred years before the pre-Gaian age. It is currently Year 568 of the Goddesses, 25th of the month of Freedom." 

She looked down to her datapad, typing in the date, the looked back to her. "From the calendar you'd use, it would be August, 2887." 

Over eight hundred years. She could only breathe deeply at the news. Everyone she'd ever known was long dead. Though she had no close ties, the weight of the news bore down on her shoulders. She sulked, but that melancholy had to be pushed to the side. She had so many other questions. If this was the future, what did that make her? What had Earth become? 

"Wait," she said, picking the simplest question first, "Year of the Goddesses? Month of Freedom? What?" 

The woman reached out, placing her arm on Naomi's shoulder. "A lot has changed. More than you know." 

The woman's fingers danced across the datapad again, bringing up a new screen. She handed it to Naomi. "Every few years we find a bank of cyro-pods or underground hospitals, or in your case, a stasis field. Very well-made, by the way. The men are always dead, effects of the Great Cide can't be stopped even in storage, but we're always able to revive the woman. They always have so many questions, so now there's a kind of template to greet newcomers." 

Naomi carefully took the pad from the scientist's grasp, their fingers briefly touching. She swore she heard the softest moan escape the doctor's lips. She ignored it, bringing her eyes upon the datapad. 

Dr. Layo stood up. "We find it best if you read at your own pace. Please let us know when you're done." 

The woman bowed, making a strange gesture as she did so. It consisted of clasping her palms together as if in prayer, then running a tongue up the length of her fingers. But what came next was even more shocking as she pulled down her pants and began to remove her shoes. She stripped nude right in front of Naomi, her perky breasts bouncing free and the cute lips of her pussy exposed. 

She treated her disrobing as nothing unusual, gathering the items into her arms and walking towards the exit. She stopped just short of it, turning her head to let one eye look back at Naomi. She winked, and licked her lips, then walked out the door, the white wall shutting close behind her. 

"What the hell was that?" Naomi muttered aloud. The woman's little show only redoubled her curiosity, and she peered down at the screen for answers. 

On behalf of all womankind, welcome to Gaia. 

-- 

If you are reading this, this means you have likely been revived from deep-stage cyro-sleep, indefinite medi-coma, or other means of pre-Gaian stasis. We understand this is all very confusing, and have prepared this document to help you understand how the world has changed, including a brief history and more in-depth FAQ. 

-- 

Every section was headed by images. The first were pictures of a packed hospital, women doctors and nurses frantically trying to save their male charges. Most looked too far gone to help. Below it was a picture of a woman looking over a great graveyard. 

-- 

The End of Man 

By the end of the 23rd century, humanity had been brought to the brink of extinction. Wars and famines had ravaged the Earth, culminating in the Great Cide, a virus that specifically targeted men. Womankind raced to find a cure, but to no avail. The male gender was gone within a generation. 

-- 

The next section was headed by stills from news, with headlines like "Lesbianism on the rise" or "spike in self-reported 'goddess-dreams'". Further down were pictures of women building some kind of stone temple, and another hunching over a clump of dirt, her hand growing as a small plant rose from the soil under her influence. 

-- 

The Rise of Woman 

Though Man was extinct, womankind found she was not alone. Soon after the last Man was gone, women across the world began receiving erotic, sapphic visions the world over. Something awakened in womankind, and even those that had not craved women previously found themselves unable to resist the call of lesbianism. At the time, nobody knew the reason, but the visions continued, ever-stronger. Gorgeous women, goddesses, began to appear in our dreams, promising us a glorious world to inherit. 

Within a few years, what we understand as magic began to slowly return to the Earth. Special energy, able to bend the rules of reality. The goddesses, who had been watching womankind since the beginning, were slowly able to return their influence. With their magic, we were able to repair the damage done to Mother Earth after millennia of abuse. 

But to truly harness the power they offered required a bridging of the gap, resulting in what we know as Gynotech. 

-- 

The header showed many temples being built across many cities, a curious mix of machinery and old-fashioned stone or gold. However, they didn't resemble any architecture Noami knew about, and the reliefs of various nude goddesses could be seen on the side. 

Another picture showed women in a lab, gathering around a shrine as pink energy flowed from it. It was collected in a large machine overhead, a machine she at first mistook for part of the shrine, as well as it meshed with it. The energy pulled into the machine, dispersing throughout the lab. 

More images followed. It showed news clippings like 'Women Perfected' or 'Feminine divinity confirmed!'. Pictures of cities and towns all over the world, apparently taken over time, showed women going from wearing normal clothes to more loose dresses, or even bikinis in public. Curiously, a few women had what appeared to be long ears on the top of their head, like the ears of a cat or jackal, and long bushy tails. 

She felt her face go blush. Some of the pics showed women having sex in more secluded parts of the cities, like an alleyway or the dark corner of a club. 

-- 

Gynotech 

Through prayer and rigorous scientific research, womankind slowly began to create technology that could harness the energy of the goddesses. Almost immediately, the effects became apparent. We became universally attractive and ever-youthful, losing all body hair save a small patch above our genitals. Our bodies no longer produced waste, nor menstruation, became largely immune to hot and cold weather, and also nearly impervious to harm. A few women even experienced change in more remarkable ways, such as growing tails and the ears of animals. 

But the goddesses were not done, and the greatest gifts were yet to come. 

We discovered that every woman's pussy had become exquisitely delicious, and every one had a unique flavor. Even more miraculous, the juices of a woman's pussy could turn any area of the body it touched into an erogenous zone, making giving oral or fingering feel just as good as receiving. 

These changes affected all of womankind, all over the planet. 

Perhaps the greatest change was the most simple. Soon after the effects of Gynotech had enveloped the Earth, our libidos skyrocketed. By sheer necessity, society became much more open towards sexuality than it already had been. Skimpy clothing becoming more common, as did couples having to find more secluded areas to give each other relief. 

-- 

It was the next header only ramped up the erotic nature of the pics. The cities, over several decades, showed crowds wearing less and less, until some were fully, casually nude. Many women were making out in public without a care who was watching, groping or kissing each other in a crowd like it was the most natural thing in the world. 

Then, something strange. Clips of news, often showing a nude woman and clothed woman debating, and protests populated only by naked women, holding signs with strange slogans like "NUDITY NOW!" or "WOMAN WAS MEANT TO BE FREE!" . In many of these gatherings, the protesters were openly having sex, women on their backs with their legs spread being eaten out or tribbing. 

More headlines, declaring that the council of some place called the 'Matriarchy of the Coast' would be the first to adopt 'full nudity'. It showed women stripping en masse, destroying their clothes in a great spectacle and celebrating in the form of mass orgies. 

Other places apparently followed, some even publishing propaganda advocating mandatory nudity in countries that had yet to adopt it. Posters encouraging clothed women to throw away their wardrobes, or that the goddesses frowned upon a woman being concealed. Some even encouraged women to make love in public, but the focus was on the banning of clothes. 

These efforts apparently worked, and the cities all around the world became seas of flesh, women either nude by their own choice or by law. No inhibitions remained; women fucked openly wherever they could with whoever was willing. 

Naomi felt herself getting wet. 

-- 

Glory of Sex  

By degrees, womankind became bolder in the celebration of her body. Toplessness became frequent. We meekly, then boldly, began to enjoy each other's bodies in public. We abandoned the primitive concept of monogamy, realizing woman's body is a thing to be shared with other women. Because our bodies had become immune to the elements thanks to the blessings of the goddesses, many adopted nudity as a practical measure. 
