 Round 1

Ashley Valentine was lying on the bottom bunk of her room and pissed off about it. The fiendish blood within her boiled at the thought of being cooped up in a small ship while it sailed between terra firma and Gallefri, their nearest moon. The mercenary company she was serving with was currently negotiating for more members with a group of constructs who had taken up residence in the airless environment of Gallefri, and the deal was that they would receive several units in exchange for their services. Apparently the moon had quite a variety of native wildlife, most of which was hostile to intruders.

However, the distance between a satellite and the planet it orbited was greater than the circumference of the planet, which meant that it would take at least a week to get there. The thought of spending so much time sealed in, without a glimpse at the sky or a breath of fresh air, was almost enough to drive her stir crazy.

Long black hair was raked in frustration at the situation. Ashley's roommate was out on bridge duty at the moment and the ship's dog had gone and hidden herself in the cargo hold due to the discomfort of space travel, which left her with nothing to do. Socializing with the rest of the crew was a possibility, but Ashley found most of them mildly irritating. She conjured up a ball of magic in her hands and began to practice manipulating it in hopes of driving off her boredom.

Soon after, the entrance portal to her room briefly glowed blue and a red haired, green eyed tiefling with curling ram's horns and a swaying tail stepped through. Ashley bared her teeth at the intruder; Kathryn Vern was the bane of her existence.

"How did you get in here?" Ashley growled, glaring daggers with her blood red eyes.

Kathryn scoffed at the question. "Witch please, I'm an assassin. It's my business to get in places."

"And to what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?"

"Oh, I just thought I'd keep you informed. Don't want you missing out on the latest gossip, you know," Kathryn said with a malicious glint in her eye. "I stopped by the cargo hold on my way out of the bridge, and guess what I saw?"

Ashley opted to say nothing and stare at Kathryn coldly.

"Antonia and Richard sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G."

"Are you having trouble pronouncing words again?" Ashley sneered, in an attempt to hide the discomfort in her stomach. She had long desired the blue eyed blonde for herself despite the fact that Antonia had, over the course of a very thorough conversation late one night, made it very clear that she was entirely heterosexual.

"Aww, is someone upset that her roommate bats for the other team?" Kathryn pressed on. "Trying the hot dog instead of the bun? Going for the burrito instead of the taco? Visiting the lighthouse instead of the -"

Ashley was a spellcaster and poorly trained in the art of combat, but Kathryn's taunts hit a sore spot and she to socked the assassin hard in the mouth. Kathryn stumbled back from the punch with blood on her lips and murder in her eyes.

"You're dead," she snarled, drawing a dagger and thrusting it at Ashley's throat. Ashley quickly created a magical barrier to block the attack and retaliated by sending blinding Kathryn with a cloud of glittering dust. The assassin swore and body slammed Ashley into the frame of the bunk bed, then grabbed onto her robes. The dagger rose high in the air, but Ashley quickly stopped it from coming down by grabbing the tiefling's wrist with both hands.

Despite using both her arms, Ashley was unable to stop the stronger woman. Kathryn broke the sorceress' hold and Ashley turned away just in time for the dagger to plinge into the top bunk's mattress. Ashley pushed off of the floor with all her might and rushed Kathryn into the wooden desk opposite the bunk. She tried to pin the assassin down, but Kathryn simply wrapped her legs around Ashley's light frame and twisted, causing the sorceress to lose her footing. The girl landed on her back and was immediately pinned to the ground by the assassin, whose forearm ended up across Ashley's throat.

"Not so mouthy now, are you, bitch?" Kathryn gloated as she crushed Ashley's windpipe.

Ashley quickly activated one of the magical trinkets she was carrying and teleported to the entrance portal. She tried to run through it, only to bounce off of the cold blue surface and land on her back again.

Fuck, Ashley thought. Her quarters, like most others, existed as an extra-dimensional space so that the ship could have more room. This meant that the only way in or out was through the portal.

"Did I forget to mention that another part of being an assassin is making sure your victim can't escape?" Kathryn said as she pulled her dagger out of the mattress and walked towards Ashley.

"You came in here to kill me?" Ashley asked tensely as she prepared to cast another blinding spell.

"Force of habit," Kathryn replied. "Came in handy, though.

Kathryn feinted with her dagger and grabbed hold of Ashley again in an effort to hinder her spellcasting. Ashley found herself pressed against the portal with a dagger coming at her head. There were several spells that Ashley could have cast to escape the situation, but for some reason the same primal urge that made her to physically attack Kathryn drove her to take a different course of action. She rolled her head to the side so that the dagger would hit the portal and leaned forward to bite Kathryn hard on the neck. Her fangs were sharp enough to sever a normal person's jugular vein, but she chose to bite the skin on the side instead.

A small amount of blood flowed from the wound as Ashley's teeth broke Kathryn's skin. Ashley was no vampire, but the blood tasted good - there was no other way to describe it. If given the choice between Kathryn's blood and ambrosia, Ashley was almost certain that she would have chosen the former.

Kathryn froze in place as Ashley sucked on the wound in an effort to draw more blood through the small punctures she had created. Her grip on her dagger loosened to the point where it fell out of her hands and onto the ground. Kathryn's breathing became rapid and shallow as her pupils dilated. If there had been an observer, he might have reasonably concluded that the assassin was having an orgasm.

Eventually, Kathryn tore Ashley away from her neck and stared at her with a look of pure lust in her eyes. She fumbled with the sorceress' robes for a moment before growing frustrated with the garment and demanding that Ashley take care of the situation.

"You are getting us out of our clothes. Now." Kathryn ordered in a voice that did not invite dissent.

Ashley's red eyes met Kathryn's intense green orbs and she nodded shakily. The sorceress cast a spell that teleported them to the center of the room, leaving their clothes behind. Kathryn lost no time in grabbing Ashley and throwing her onto the bed. Ashley briefly wondered what the hell was going on, but lost her ability to think straight when Kathryn pressed her lips onto Ashley's. The ensuing kiss left Ashley breathless.

Kathryn climbed onto the bed and straddled Ashley with her beautifully tanned body, placing her bare pussy right above the sorceress' mouth. Ashley needed no encouragement and pulled Kathryn down by the hips so that she could have easier access to the woman's cunt. Kathryn moaned as Ashley's tongue flicked across her slit, occasionally swirling around her clitoris or playing with her folds. She began to unconsciously grind her hips to the rhythm of Ashley's ministrations as the pleasure built up between her legs, ending in a powerful orgasm that made Kathryn glad that no one could possibly hear them.

She slid off of Ashley and saw that the girl's face was covered with her cum. Ashley had a rather satisfied look about her as she slowly licked her lips clean. Kathryn found it incredibly irritating and oddly attractive.

"I'm going to wipe that smirk off of your face," Kathryn declared as she knelt on the floor and faced Ashley's unshaven cunt. The girl's musky scent filled her nostrils as Kathryn's mouth latched onto her button, gently teasing the sorceress with her tongue. Ashley made so many cute noises in response that Kathryn decided to go further and let her tongue start exploring Ashley's insides. The sorceress' thighs reflexively clamped around around Kathryn's head and her hands seized Kathryn by the horns in an effort to pull her in. Kathryn shook her head and freed herself from Ashley's grasp so she could have some air, replacing her tongue with two of her fingers.

"Make yourself comfortable, witch. We're going to be here for a while," Kathryn threatened.

An hour later, the two women lay sprawling on the floor, utterly exhausted from their activities. Kathryn was the first to stir, and crawled over to Ashley with a mischievous grin on her face. She stroked Ashley's hair and gave the girl an almost affectionate kiss on the forehead before she rose to leave. The little heap of assassin's clothing at the door wound up in Kathryn's arms instead of on her body, which was glowing with excitement even after all that had transpired.

The portal glowed and became active again as Kathryn touched it. The tiefling was about to step out when she suddenly stopped to fish something out of her pants. A piece of fabric sailed though the air at Ashley, landed squarely on her forehead and covering her eyes. Ashley pulled it off to reveal a pair of red silk panties.

"Think of it as a souvenir," Kathryn said before she left, leaving the very confused sorceress alone with her own thoughts.

Round 2

A full day passed before Ashley decided to venturing out from the safety of her room. The encounter with Kathryn yesterday had been disturbing on several levels. It was hard to say which was worse; that the assassin had actually tried to kill her, that they had somehow ended up doing a wide variety of embarrassing things to each other, or that they had both enjoyed it.

What the hell was wrong with her? Not only had she punched Kathryn instead of using magic, but she had also bitten her on the neck and left behind a highly visible hickey. It was almost as if the fighting had triggered some sort of mating response, but Ashley found that possibility highly unlikely; she had been having sex and hating people for years without anything of the sort happening before.

The hypothesis made even less sense when Ashley remembered that Kathryn had demon blood within her, whereas Ashley was a descendant of devils. Demons might mark their mates, she supposed, but Ashley was no demon and would not be expected to exhibit their traits. The two races of evil outsiders were an anathema to each other and often fought to the death on sight. Even when their blood was diluted with many generations of human genes, it was still strong enough to noticeably affect behavior; part of Ashley's enmity towards Kathryn came from the fact that their ancestors likely hated each others guts.

Also, because the woman was a bitch.

There was no gravity in the in the hallway outside her room, which forced her to grab hold of a rope hanging from the ceiling and pull herself along the corridor. A roster posted on the stairwell leading up to the bridge gave out the assignments for the day. Ashley saw that she was on kitchen duty... with Kathryn. Whoever was in charge of coming up with the assignments that day must have had a sense of humor and little desire to eat, since it was well known that every previous collaboration between the two had ended in a disaster and, more often than not, a very large fire.

Still, perhaps she could use it to her advantage. Ashley stared at the roster for a good five minutes, thinking long and hard, before kicking off of the walls and flying back in her room in order to retrieve a few items. There was no rule on the books said that work could not be fun.

-

The kitchen, like Ashley's room, was located in extra-dimensional space which had normal gravity inside it. It was much larger than the small room she slept in, since it had to store a great deal of food and the equipment needed to cook it. Kathryn was kneading dough around a large table in the center when Ashley joined her. The assassin eyed Ashley warily; no doubts she was also having second thoughts about what had transpired yesterday. Ashley gave her the usual indifferent attitude that the two exchanged when they were not in open conflict and sat down on a chair near the stove.

"What's the plan?" Ashley asked coldly, showing more interest in her nails than in the dish.

"Ravioli with a side dish of broccoli and white mushrooms," Kathryn replied, somewhat relieved by the normalcy of their conversation.

"Pork or beef?"

"Rick marinated some ground beef yesterday."

Ashley shrugged and reached into an icebox for the beef, which she thawed with magic, mixed with cheese, and gathered into neat little portions on the ravioli wrappers that Kathryn had already made. They worked in silence and managed to prepare a meal for a crew of seventeen (only fourteen of whom actually needed to eat) in just under two hours.

Kathryn was about to take a pot of the ravioli down to the dining room when Ashley grabbed her and kissed Kathryn on the mouth while loosening the woman's pants with her free hand. The move took the assassin by surprise and gave Ashley enough time to pull something out of her pocket and slide it into Kathryn's ass. Kathryn's eyes shot wide open as the object slipped through her orifice and expanded. She broke off the kiss and shoved Ashley away from her.

"What the hell did you just do?" She snarled, reaching for her dagger.

"I don't like it when people try to kill me," Ashley smirked. "Consider it payback. Now let's get the food out, shall we?"

Ashley picked up a pot of broccoli and placed one foot through the portal.

"Oh, and don't waste time trying to get it out," she advised. "It'll just get bigger."

-

The ship's small dining room was packed with crewmen who were talking amongst themselves when Ashley showed up with the side dish. She apologized for the fact that Kathryn was late with the main course and set the broccoli in the middle of the table before sitting down with Antonia. To her great displeasure, she noticed that Richard was sitting on Antonia's other side and holding her hand. It seemed as if the rumors were true.

"How's it going?" Ashley asked coolly, doing her best to conceal her jealousy.

"Nothing much,"' Antonia replied. "I've just been... taking inventory."

Ashley cocked an eyebrow. "Is that what the kids are calling it these days?"

"Oh stop it," Antonia laughed, punching her roommate in the arm.

It was good that Antonia felt close enough to joke about it with her, but Ashley felt a pang of regret that they would likely never be more than just friends. She turned her attention to the broccoli on her plate and played with it unenthusiastically. Richard told a joke to Antonia which made his side of the table erupt in laughter, and Ashley found herself stabbing the broccoli on her plate as if it was personally responsible for the situation.

The portal glowed as the laughter died down and Kathryn stumbled into the room carrying the ravioli. Her gait was uneven, and she wore a scowl on her face. While others might have attributed it to her generally unpleasant demeanor, Ashley knew that it was because the assassin had indeed attempted to remove the anal plug. There was something entertaining about the awkward way that Kathryn now held herself, and Ashley leaned back in her chair to enjoy the spectacle.

Kathryn, for her part, was fuming at the fact that, after five good attempts at pulling the plug out, it was now lodged more firmly than ever. It felt like a grapefruit had been wedged into her, and her sphincter burned with to the strain of keeping such a large object in. She could barely bend over far enough to place the ravioli on the table, and simply stood at her seat until the odd stares she was receiving from everyone else pressured her into sitting.

It turned out to be a huge mistake, as a jolt of pain shot through the tiefling's body in response to her entire weight bearing down on the plug. An involuntary grunt of discomfort escaped her lips, again drawing several concerned glances from the crew. She deflected their attention with a dismissive wave of her hand and took in deep breaths to relax and let her body accommodate to the plug. The strategy worked right up to the point where the plug came to life and shook wildly in her ass, causing Kathryn to double over.

No one else seemed to notice due to being too preoccupied with the food, although Ashley caught her eye with a knowing smirk. The sorceress reached inside her pocket as they held a staring contest and the plug proceeded to viciously jostle Kathryn's insides again. To her horror, Kathryn found that the vibrations now had a second effect; her pussy was becoming moist. Her hands gripped the edge of her seat and she bit her lip in attempt to stifle a moan of pleasure as the device in her started to pulse.

It took every ounce of control she had not to have an orgasm right there. Kathryn dug the nails of her left hand into her thigh, using the pain to take her mind off of the pleasure. Dinner was torture as Ashley kept her on the brink thought the entire ordeal, and made the vibrations especially intense when someone wanted to talk to her. When the meal was finally over, the two enemies stayed behind to clean up the dishes and Kathryn lost no time in grabbing Ashley by her robes and slamming the girl into a wall.

"Take it out now, witch," she snarled as the plug buzzed away merrily inside her.

Although Kathryn was the stronger of the two, Ashley's forceful personally was enough to cow even mighty barbarians. The girl simply radiated an aura of defiance and firmly cupped Kathryn between the legs.

"Make me," she demanded, fondling Kathryn with what felt like a grip of iron. The assassin's will melted in the face of Ashley's act of dominance and she mewed as Ashley pushed her back to the table.

"What do you say when you want a favor?" Ashley hissed.

Kathryn bit her tongue to prevent herself from saying it. Ashley ground the palm of her hand on the woman's mound and repeated her demand.

"What. Do. You. Say."

Kathryn gripped the edge of the table with her hands until her knuckles turned white. There was no way that she would let someone five years younger best her. The Emperor would rise from his throne again before she gave in to the sorceress. There would be shaved ice stands in the abyss before she would say it. Dark elves would sooner dual wield scimitars before it happened.

Ashley saw the defiance in Kathryn's eyes and simply leaned forward to bit Kathryn on the neck again. The assertion of dominance on the girl's part sent the tiefling into a state of euphoria and broke her spirit.

"Please," she sobbed as her knees buckled. "Please take it out."

"Say you're sorry for being such a bitch," Ashley whispered into her ear.

"I'm sorry for being such a bitch," Kathryn repeated in a distant voice.

Ashley smiled and stroked Kathryn's pussy through her pants as a reward for her obedience. This was fun.

"Promise you'll do anything I want," she whispered again.

"I'll do it," Kathryn agreed obediently, lost in the pleasure. "Anything."

The robes Ashley wore dropped to the ground with little fuss and the sorceress' glorious, naked form stood before Kathryn like a pale goddess. She edged forward to service her mistress, but Ashley pushed her back and cast a spell on her self, transforming her body into that of a rather attractive man who could have passed for Ashley's twin brother.

"I think you know what to do," Ashley said, with hips thrust forward. Kathryn's eyes looked down and took in the sight of a rather impressive erection. If Kathryn's experience was anything to go by, it was definately on the upper end of average. She wasted no time in dropping to her knees and wrapping her lips around the head, welcoming Ashley into her mouth.
