 My marriage was good. My wife loved me and never had any inclination to cheat on me. She was very good domestically; she cleaned the house and cooked when she had the opportunity. The problem was that last word: opportunity. She was always so busy. Her work kept her till all hours. She would never call home to let me know that she would be running late. Dinners wound up cold. Plans with other couples were cancelled. Family was neglected. Planned intimate liaisons were forgotten. We had no children, which helped to keep matters simple. She was always up for sex, but never did the things that turned me on like she used to do. Gone were the sexy lingerie and blow jobs. Passion was there, but only after I spent hours focusing on her to get her "in the mood." Any time that I asked for the same kind of attention in return, I would be snubbed or little effort would be expended on her part.

"I am too tired," she would say, "I am too sore."

She was a leader in the field of veterinary medicine. She was making breakthroughs in treatment and surgery. She was so successful and happy doing what she was doing. She was always off at the clinic working on her latest research. The money came in and was spent making a home. I am no slouch as a cook, so I was very happy to have my professional grade kitchen. But a professional grade kitchen is no consolation when you are horny and left alone at home again.

For many years I was able to cope with this lack of attention. I found hobbies to occupy my time. These afforded me some social contact and gave me comfort. On rare occasions, I would encounter a woman that shared a passion for my hobby. We would flirt shamelessly for a few days, but I would break it off. I couldn't bring myself to cheat on Christina. The results of my hobbies started to fill the rooms of our home. I became restless, longing for the attention my wife gave her work to be given to me. I found solace on the internet. A poor substitute for the real thing, but it helped me get through the darker, lonelier moments.

Then, one day while I was prowling my favorite sites, a banner caught my eye. I clicked on the link on a whim, deciding to see what it was about. The site was for a community name Stepford in Connecticut. The site went on to explain that this community was for the husband who was tired of having his wife neglect him for her work. Their goal, or so their website claimed, was to remove wives from the hustle and bustle of their work to allow them to reconnect with their husband and family. It sounded like just the ticket for Christina and me. Now, I just had to convince my wife to move. It turned out to be even easier than I thought it would be.

I did book keeping for my wife's clinic and so I knew exactly what the financial status of the clinic was. I did some research and found that the area around Stepford had a very low overhead for businesses. I spent some time creating a presentation for my wife that was sure to persuade her. That evening when she got home from the office, I took her out for dinner at her favorite restaurant and wined and dined her like I did before we were married. Upon arriving at home, I sat Christina down and gave her my presentation.

"Well, Tina, what do you think?" I put myself out on a limb.

"It sounds like a wonderful idea, John. We can sell the clinic here to one of my associate vets and move. I suppose a brief sabbatical while they finish my new office will be okay," Christina smiled, "When can we be ready to move in to a new place?"

"I thought you might agree with this plan, so I did some research and the place should close next week," I replied.

"Well, then, we better start packing!" A sparkle in Christina's eyes let me know she was excited.

"They will have a crew out at the end of the week to pack everything and move it down there. They have a guest house we can stay in until the house is settled. The community is very welcoming from their website," I grinned at my wife and her naïveté. This was like taking candy from a baby.

So pleased was Christina that night, that she actually reminded me of earlier in our marriage. She wore one of the slinkiest night gowns she owned. Green silk clung deliciously to every curve of her body. Her gorgeous breasts were quivering in anticipation. Her nipples pushed through the fabric and I couldn't resist biting one. An animal moan was my reward. Her hands worked at my belt and zipper, and then my trousers were a pile on the floor at my feet. My cock bobbed out of the gap in my boxers, already stiffening at this sudden change in Christina's attitude. Christina knelt in front of me, brown eyes gazing into mine. Her short brown hair was clipped back out of the way. Her hands reached out and stroked my now rock hard cock. She lowered her head and licked my cock from balls to head, slowly and seductively, the texture of her tongue almost sending me over the edge after so long being absent. Then her head started its back and forth motion. She could only get my dick in so far, before her gag reflex kicked in. So the blowjob was shallow, but Christina hadn't given me head in so long, that this short motion soon had me nearing orgasm. I clamped down my hands on the back of her head, but Christina slapped my hands away. She pulled her head away and my cock felt a cold rush of air.

"John! You know I don't do that. Go ahead and finish that one up in the bathroom. That way you will have more stamina for me. I want you to last awhile, so I can have more fun. It balances out." It turns out that she hadn't changed her mind as much as before. She was still narcissistic and still wouldn't let me finish the way I wanted to when she gave me head.

After jacking off disappointedly in the bathroom, I walked out into the bedroom to find Christina asleep. I would let her sleep this time. She only had a few more days when she would be this tired. Her new business would hopefully take less time out of her day and allow me to see my wife for more that one hour a day. With thoughts of a happier future in my thoughts I fell asleep. My dreams were filled of my wife and of a life I could actually enjoy.

***

The next week we drove out to Stepford. We took our time getting there, enjoying the scenery and the sites. There was still no change in Christina. She was still just as self-centered and aloof. She also spent endless hours on her cell phone talking with one of her associates to finalize the sale of the clinic. I was still left spending hours of foreplay just to have Christina flop on her back and moan, while I did all of the work. By the end of the week, I was feeling very bitter toward my wife. I was in a foul mood when we finally arrived at the gates of Stepford. The guard greeted me genially and gave me directions to the guest house.

Driving down the road through the community I felt better. Everyone was smiling and appeared to be very happy. There was no sign of stress or worry. No one was rushing to get anywhere. The lawns and landscapes were perfectly manicured and well maintained. I felt like I was driving through Perfectown, USA. I didn't mind. Christina didn't either, she had always wanted a beautiful lawn and landscape and it was all I heard about on the drive in. Several people waved at us as we drove past.

I pulled into the driveway of the guest house and was amazed. It was hardly the small building that I had been expecting. It put the house that Christina and I used to live in to shame. It was palatial. I would have been happy to move in to this house and live. As I entered the house I was greeted by a voice that startled me.

"Welcome to Stepford, Mr. Anderson," a pleasant female voice came from my left as a gorgeous woman walked in to the entryway, "My name is Julia Edwards, I am the head of the welcoming committee. On behalf of the citizens of Stepford, I would like to extend to you an invitation to a country fair we are having later this evening. It will be in the center of town, near the big red barn. We hope to see you there. Oh, and you will find a full fridge and kitchen ready for you."

"Thank you Mrs. Edwards," I beamed.

"It is Miss Edwards. I am not married," Julia said as she slinked out the front door and greeted my wife.

"What do you think, Tina, it could be fun to go to the fair?" I tested the waters.

"I don't see why not, John. It would give us a chance to meet some of the neighbors," She replied.

After cleaning up and dressing in clean clothes, we drove down to the center of town and were greeted by what seemed to be the entire town walking around talking and having a good time. The women were all flawlessly beautiful and friendly. The men were clustered around each other and conversing quietly, which I found odd, but ignored it. Christina seemed to be having a good time talking with the rest of the ladies, so I decided to let her have fun and enjoy the time with them. I sauntered over to where the guys were hanging out and introduced myself. One man seemed to be in charge and made a round of introductions.

"What brings you to Stepford, John?" The man, a Tim Hansen, asked.

"Well, my wife has spent a lot of time devoting herself to her research in veterinary medicine. Honestly, she has also become really selfish and hardly makes any time or effort for me. I saw your ad on a website and decided it sounded like the perfect place to move. Hopefully, Christina will see that she would rather spend time here at home than spending every waking moment at her new clinic. Everything seems so nice and tidy here," I answered.

"Christina won't be spending much time at the clinic anymore. In fact, she won't be spending any time there. Walk with us, John. We will head to the men's club and talk to you more about the joys of living in Stepford," Tim half-whispered, as he turned to walk down a path leading away from the barn.

I was a little confused, but I decided to follow Tim and the other men of Stepford. The Men's Club was like a hunting lodge and a sports bar thrown into one building. There were sports on every screen and lots of alcohol, the finest money could buy. I settled down in an overstuffed chair with a pint of Guinness in the great room. Tim sat down in a chair near to mine and the other men clustered around in the other chairs. When everyone had quieted down, Tim leaned forward in a conspiratorial manner and started talking to me.

"John, Stepford is not a community like other communities. We are a very structured community. We really don't leave Stepford very frequently, except on rare occasions. We don't work. Our wives don't work. Hear me out, John. The income we generate is from some very smart investing by one of my colleagues who happens to also live in Stepford. Allen over there is really the only one who works at all. And even then, he doesn't work that much. We live a life of absolute luxury. You have all the time in the world to pursue your hobbies. Doesn't that sound fantastic, John?"

"It does. But my wife will never be satisfied not working. Her research has been her life for so long. How am I supposed to convince her to stop working?" I inquired.

"That is simple. Tell me, did you enjoy meeting Miss Edwards?" Tim asked.

"Yes, I did. She was gorgeous. I am amazed that she isn't married," I answered.

"Well, she is a robot. That is the simple explanation. Or a robot of sorts. She used to be married, but her husband died shortly after they arrived in Stepford. But back to the robot piece. The secret to Stepford is in the women of Stepford. They are still very much themselves. But they are also changed. Reprogrammed if you will. The women of Stepford have been reprogrammed to be exactly what their husbands want them to be." Tim paused.

"So they are brainwashed then?" I asked, still puzzled, but intrigued as well.

"In a sense they are. But it goes beyond that too. The women are programmed to behave a certain way, and the men can change that programming however they want. But we also do something far greater. Tell me, John, is there anything about your wife's appearance that you would like to change?" Tim asked again. I was wishing that he would just get on with things, but I decided to humor him.

"Yes, there are a number of different things that I would like to change about my wife," I answered annoyed at beating around the bush.

"That is the other part that makes Stepford women so special. We have had some breakthroughs scientifically because some members of the Men's Club are fascinated by genetics and genetic engineering and others like nanotechnology. What we have created is a way to change a person's body at the genetic level. The body is changed in such a way that they appear to have been born with a different genetic code. That way there is no awkwardness when body proportions change. Infinitely better than plastic surgery and with no downtime. Julia, can you come here please?" Tim had yelled this last sentence.

Julia entered the great room wearing only the skimpiest of lingerie. The sheer fabric of her brassiere allowed me to clearly see the red buds of her nipples protruding. The thong that she wore covered very little of her pubis. As she walked passed me, I couldn't help but reach out and squeeze her firm, round ass. She squealed slightly at this unexpected contact. She recovered her bearings and stood stock still next to Tim. He reached into his pocket and pulled out what looked like a palm pilot and handed it to me.

"This is the control unit for Julia. Every woman in Stepford has one. There are two main menus to choose from. One is..." Tim went in to a lengthy explanation on how this control unit could change everything about Julia's personality and behavior. It was amazing the breadth that was covered in these menus. Every fetish and turn-on could be added in so that the woman would be responsive. It was like being a puppet master without the strings. That and the puppet still had some freedom of thought and will. You could just override that will.

"These changes are less noticeable than the other changes that you can make. The second menu is the physical appearance menu. This is the one that most of the men in Stepford use the most. Go ahead and make Julia look like you want your wife to look like. Just generics are fine. We can save the preferences and use them later for your wife when the time comes. She will obey any commands that you give her," Tim prompted me.

"Julia, remove your clothes," I commanded. She responded instantly and without hesitation.

I looked at this gorgeous piece of flesh in front of me and realized that I had a blank canvas to work with. I had the opportunity to make the perfect woman for myself. I was overwhelmed by the thought of this and just stared for awhile. I also couldn't help but think about the fact that there were about fifty other guys that were going to know what my dream woman looked like.

"Tim, is there any way that I could do this in private?" I sheepishly asked.

"Of course, John. Julia, show John the private room," was Tim's reply, "When you are done changing her push the save button and she will remain like that. Oh, and push the green button on the wall when you finish too. I have some more matters to discuss with you."

With that, Julia was leading me down a hallway, to a fading chorus of catcalls and whistles from the men of Stepford. We walked for a long time before Julia stopped and opened a door for me. She followed me in and closed the door behind her. I looked around the room and saw that the room was well lit and looked like an artist's studio. There was a comfortable chair for me to sit in and a pedestal that rotated for Julia to stand on. I guess it was more like an auctioneer's block I suppose, but I didn't mind.

"Julia, please step onto the pedestal," I demanded.

"Yes, Mr. Anderson," she responded. I could get used to that kind of response.

She stepped onto the pedestal and into the bright light of the studio. I studied her naked body and thought about what I had always dreamed my wife would look like. I decided to start from the ground up. I had always disliked that Christina's feet were so large. She couldn't wear any shoes that were flirty and sexy at all. So the first order of business was to give her a smaller foot. I watched in amazement as Julia's feet in front of me changed their shape and size to fit what I was looking for. This was excellent. My wife had always had long and luxurious legs, so I left that part alone. Next came the buttocks. There are a variety of differing views on what a woman's derriere should look like. I was a fan of firm and round, the kind that sticks out. Some people would call it a bubble butt; I liked it. I was growing hard as I saw these changes taking place on the gorgeous woman in front of me. Hips were next. I love generous hips. More so when I can see the front two hip bones just barely sticking out. A sign of fitness. Another thing that I programmed in was an overall leanness of body mass. I like lean, it looks sexy. Defined ab muscles, but not chiseled. I like lean, but I don't like ripped. On her back went a dimple on either side of her spine, just above the pelvis. I had seen this before on other women before I was married and concluded there was something decidedly sexy about them, so I thought that my wife should have them as well. Then came one of the hardest parts for me. Breasts have always been a fascination of mine. I liked breast to be firm and yet soft. Too large and I am turned off, too small and I am uninterested. So decided to go for a size that I had always found acceptable: no bigger than I could fit in the grasp of my hands. Symmetry is important too. Nipples I decided to leave alone. I like my wife's nipples, they are perfect size. This brought me to the one part of my wife's body that drove me the craziest: her head. Not the shape, but some of the more defining features. This started with her hair. I hated that her hair was kept short. She liked the short, almost boy cut, style because it kept her hair out of her way when she worked. I loved long hair that could be played with and styled in different seductive ways. So I made her hair really long, it touched just above the dimples in her back. I hated the hair color too. I had always liked the look of Irish women, so the hair I made a bright red. Her eyes had to be a matching emerald green to complete the Irish look. The last change that I made was too her skin. Somehow, despite being too busy to come home and spend time with me, Christina found time to go to a tanning salon and get a "healthy tan." I paled her skin to be a more milky white and gave her adorable freckles everywhere on her body.

I sat back and looked at this erotic display of physical perfection before me and smiled. It was the smile of a child that has exactly what they want. I was very happy. It was too bad that I would have to wait to see such perfection from my wife. I then pressed the save button on Julia's control unit and spent a few more minutes taking in the absolute fulfillment of my ideal woman's look. A few minutes later, I started and realized that I had been spacing out. I remembered Tim's request that I push the green button on the wall. I did so and waited. A few minutes later a knock came at the door to the room.

"Yes?" I inquired of the knocker.

"Tell Julia to put a robe on and then let me in," it was Tim's by now familiar voice.

"Julia, please put a robe on," I commanded. She obeyed completely.

When she had covered herself, I got up out of the chair and opened the door to admit a grinning Tim.

"Did you enjoy that process John?" Tim asked.

"Yeah. It was a blast. So what happens now? When do I get to do all of this to my wife?" I was full of questions.

"The process has already started," was his mysterious answer.

"What do you mean?"
