 "Alicia!" I hear him cry, through the darkness of the trailer park. Looking out my window I see him, Tony Keller, he's drunk or high- probably both. 

I sigh as I left my bed. Even in his inebriated state, it wouldn't take him long to find my door. 

"Open up you fucking whore!" he's kicking the door, which would be a problem in itself, with Tony being a well built, former athlete. But with his robotic, sensory motorized, prosthetic legs he could very well break the door down before anyone even called the cops. 

In one quick motion, I open my door and pull him inside my one-room home. "What?"

His long hair hung loosely over his eyes. "You know what I want." His dark eyes looked at me with intensity, lust, power. With his pouty lips parted ever so slightly I could feel the heat of his breath. 

"No, I don't think I do," I reply mockingly as I pulled my long red hair out of a bun, letting my lengthy ponytail hang loosely over my shoulder. I stood confidently at 5'7". Even with Tony's six-foot, athletic build, I knew I could take whatever he was bringing.

He grabbed me by my neck and forced me on to my mattress. "I want you on your knees." 

I was only wearing an oversized t-shirt and cheap plain white underwear. But I was more than accommodating. I knew why he wanted to fuck me in the ass. I was dating his father. I wouldn't call it dating, the fucker was my sugar daddy and I was his arm candy. But he loved to brag to his co-workers about fucking me in my tight, little millennial ass. 

I can feel Tony's rough, callused hands on my thighs. He's pulling my panties down, but he's not going straight for my asshole the way I assumed he would. This isn't a punishment, he's come to play.

He's fingering my pussy with one finger, then two. My stomach tightened, with the knowledge he was touching my perfectly waxed pussy lips. I wanted a comment, I wanted him to call me a slut who just loves having her pussy fingered. Instead, he just moved slower, spreading my lips. "You like that?" Tony pulled out his fingers and started to rub my clit, using my own juices as lubricant. 

My knees went weak. "Yeah, I love when people touch my pussy." 

"Really?" He rubbed harder, faster. His breath is panting like a dog in heat. "You're so wet."

"Sometimes, I sit outside with no panties on and just spread my legs; feeling the warmth of the sun, the caress of the wind, and whoever else wants a taste." I can hear his pants unzip.

Tony struggles to free his cock but once he does, he rams it in without mercy. His rock-hard member is the very definition of a rage-boner. 

I can feel every thick pulsating vein. He's fucking me out of anger, out of the fact that I was supposed to be a con-artist who robbed his father blind, but instead, I was dating him; going out for drinks, hanging out at his pool- all while Tony and his mother were living in government housing. "Damn, boy what the fuck did you take?"

"What do you care?"

Because you're drilling me so hard, I'm going to split in two. "Answer the question."

"Angel dust, bath salts, whatever the fifty bucks could buy me."

"Fifty," I said with a moan. "that's a lot of cocks to suck."

"Nah, just a few good-old-boys who like to fuck."

"Did you let them blow their load in your ass? How many cocks can you take at one time?" I could feel him getting angrier. My body was tensing, I could feel the warmth building in my core. I needed him to blow. I couldn't reach his balls and grabbing his prosthetic legs wouldn't have done any good. I needed his hands. "Grab my tits."

"Does my daddy grab your tits when he fucks you?" Tony reached under my loosely hanging t-shirt and grabs my tits, giving them a good, firm squeeze. 

Now I had him. "Your daddy says you're a fucked up little junkie whore. One of these days he's going to have to identify your corpse when your clients fuck you to death and abandon your worthless ass in a truck stop restroom." Focusing my power, I tensed my abs, causing a glowing blast of energy to radiate from my core. It was enough to overwhelm him. I feel his cum; thick and warm, filling my pussy. As his body fell limp, I saw the truth, I saw everything. 

Tony buying drugs from five guys outside of Walmart. They looked to be workers on their break, older men, with prominent beer guts and facial hair.

Tony getting gang-raped inside a public bathroom stall. From the momentary flash, I couldn't tell if these were the same men that he bought the drugs from, but he was definitely not having a good time. 

Tony sitting on the floor of the bathroom, alone, snorting cocaine (or whatever) off a toilet seat. He starts to laugh, gripping his chest until his eyes started to glow red. 

My mind flashes back to reality; I'm in bed with Tony collapsed by my side. "My poor, baby."

Tony sighs an exhausted sigh. "Funny thing is, I was really thinking about getting clean."

"You tried to get clean?" I pull my knees to my chest, under my t-shirt. 

"I thought it would be one final fuck you to my father to finally kick my demons to the curb- but lucky me, I found the one clinic that doesn't take drug addicts." Tony's cock is spent but still erect. He's the only person I know who could fuck so well while high, most guys can't even get it up. Maybe that was the advantage of being part robot. 

"You have to detox." 

"For a minimum of five days, before I can be admitted. For my uninsured ass that means the emergency room."

"Would that really be so bad?" I removed his torn jeans off his long fiberglass legs. I disconnected the straps and electrodes. Until he was essentially stripped of his power. 

"That would be a one-way ticket to the psych ward," he laughed. "Yeah, fuck no."

I roll Tony on to his side, to remove his shirt. He is now completely naked. "So, you went on a binge instead?" I spoon his back, his skin smells of sweat but his hair smelled like cedar and mint (some kind of body spray.) 

Tony looked over his shoulder, turning to me with the sweetest smile. "Live clean or die."

"Right," I reply with a smirk.

"So, what do you want to do now?"

"You're going to detox here, with me." I kiss his sweat-soaked shoulder, as he turned away. 

Tony was shivering. "Nah, I-I want to die." He sounded like he was joking but his voice was getting weaker.

"I know you do, but that's not going to happen. Not on my watch." Tony wasn't the first case I've seen but he was by far the worst. "Let's get some sleep." Resting my face to his back, I stroke his skin, making small circles from his collarbone, to just below his ear. With each touch I infused my energy; glowing green pulses caressing over his skin. 

I noticed that the green glow did not dissipate but instead seemed to seep into his skin until his body was covered in green leaf-like patterns. With our newfound connection, I could feel his dreams, his heart, his soul. I couldn't help but smile as my eyes drew closed. 

As I fell asleep my dreams were filled with images of a little boy with prostatic legs. His brilliant mother worked on the robotic elements of his legs, but she did it as a game, to encourage physical fitness. Little Tony is laughing, smiling; his mother's love was making him confident and strong.

"Tony come play with me!" shouted an off-screen voice. 

I see a little girl with blonde hair. She approaches a grade-school-age Tony, who is covered in bruises and limping in pain. As she takes his hand white healing energy flows from her fingers. 

"There, all better," she giggles with a kiss to his cheek. "I love you, Tony."

Beep! Beep! Beep!

I awaken at seven to my phone alarm. I roll out of bed to make a breakfast of instant coffee and toast with jam. "Hey, Tony." I took a seat on the bed, placing the coffee on a safe flat surface. 

"Hey," he grumbled. 

"You need to eat. The coffee will help with the pain and the toast will settle your stomach."

"You a doctor or something?"

"Nah, I just have experience."

Tony slumped back to sleep. 

"Tony?" I brushed his hair back from his shoulder to see if the green energy was still there. On his neck were a series of neon green freckles. I blow a soft breath, which causes the leaf pattern to reform along his skin. 

"Where's my mom?" he asks in a soft whisper. 

"I think your mom is still in the hospital." It had been a little over two weeks since I first met Tony, but I assumed that someone who had been hit by a car would still need to be under a physician's care. 

"No, last I heard she'd been discharged to the physical therapy clinic." He swallowed hard, "but that was a few days ago. I've kinda ghosted her."

"Oh," I said as I continued to focus my power on the green freckles. 

"I miss my mom, and miss Sunny." He rolled his neck, stretching his back. 

"Your girlfriend?"

Tony sat up, the very idea of this girl seemed to fill him with strength. "Samantha Jane Foster, she always went by Sunny," he said with a smile as he took a sip of coffee. "She always had a heart like a sunrise; warm, peaceful. I haven't seen her in so long. I mean I know she's still in Beloit, she lives with her Mom but..."

"I'll find her. Beloit's a small town."

Tony shook his head and laid back down. 

I knew he had more to say but, at least he didn't say no. I placed a call to my friend Patricia (or Q) since she was the person who introduced me to Tony. I knew she would be getting off work at around noon. "Hey, Q."

"Hey," she said quickly. I could hear the cash register in the background. She worked at the university cafeteria in the mornings, before classes. 

"You still in contact with that woman who got hit by a car?"

"With the hot fuckboy son? Yeah, I know where she is."

"That 'hot fuckboy' is detoxing off bath salts, in my trailer."

Q was laughing. "So, what's the plan?"

"He said he legit wants to get clean but he needs to be sober in order to get into a rehab program. You think you could pass along a message to his mom, just to let her know he's ok?"

"I'll see what I can do."

I checked the time, it was now close to ten. Wow, how did that happen? I laid back, with my phone connected to the nearby Wifi of the Starbucks. Q would be off soon until then I would try to locate the mysterious Sunny. 

"Samantha Foster," I said out loud as I typed the words into my sear bar. "Beloit, High school." There was one giant Highschool that served Beloit and the surrounding counties. Since she was a childhood friend of Tony's I assumed that would be a good place to start. I expected to find a senior portrait or something generic but instead, I found an article about her father's disappearance. 

James Foster was a former principal of the high school who later served on the School Board, before his mysterious disappearance. He was never declared dead and no charges could be brought, but the opinion of the police and most of the family and friend was that his wife, Elena, killed him. There was an address mentioned, as a possible crime scene. There was no mention if his wife and daughter still lived there, but it was only a twenty-minute journey, (for me anyway) so I decided to take the chance and check it out. "Goodbye, Tony. I'll be back soon."

I walk to a window and with a wave of my hand I transformed in little red cardinal and flew off into the sky. Butlin drive was a family-friendly suburban neighborhood. Not as upper-class as the gated communities near the university but not as trashy as the trailer park. I landed on my clawed feet, transforming back into a red-haired woman wearing only a t-shirt. 

I look around, unsure where to start when I feel a presence, a strong fire-based creature. I walked towards a large, single story house with a gated garden. I stop and stare. Whatever I was sensing was behind that gate. "Hello?"

A tall Hispanic man emerged. He had muscular build, dark eyes, sculptured features. He was dressed like a handy-man or a gardener, (as one would expect for Wisconsin,) but there was something hypnotic about his gaze. "Hello there," he said in perfect English. His deep sensual voice had just enough of an accent to make me weak in the knees. "May I help you?"

As soon as my brain comes back online, I force myself to speak, "Um, do you know a Samantha Foster?"

"Oh yes." He turned to the house. "Sunny!"

The very word made my stomach churn. Sunny like the warm sunshine. 

"What is it, Jahil?" A blonde girl exited. With her long blonde hair pulled back in a neat ponytail, classy blue sundress, and perfect makeup, she looked every bit the angel of Tony's dreams. 

"This girl was asking for you."

"Hi," Sunny said in a cautious tone.

I couldn't blame her. If I looked like a blonde angel, I wouldn't want to talk to someone who looked like me. "Do you know Tony Keller?"

"Tony?" Her face froze in a look of horror. "Where is he? Is he ok? Is he in trouble?"

"Yeah," was all I could say. "I-I should go." I start to run, down the street no longer caring who saw. I wanted out of this place where I didn't belong. 

"You don't need to go." It's the man's voice, echoing all around me. 

What was his name, Jahil? I didn't stop. "I can't I'm so sorry."

"If you must go, then go. But you will find your way back here."

I was nowhere near the house, there was no way I should be able to hear him. I wanted so badly to ask who or what he was, but at that moment, I was too embarrassed. Whoever he was, he was above me, maybe he was a servant, maybe he was her stepfather or her boyfriend. 

I ran towards the highway, transforming back into a bird, to be able to take a shortcut back to the trailer park. 

I land on the dirt in front of my trailer, taking a moment to wipe the tears from my eyes as I transform back into my human form. My door is wide open and Q's car is parked out front. "Q?"

"I'm here. I hope you don't mind, I let myself in." By that she meant, I would need to replace the lock on my door.

"It's fine, I'm glad you're here, how is he?" I enter the doorway to a heartwarming sight. Tony's mother was in a wheelchair, scrunched by the side of my bed, stroking his face as he slept. 

Q leaned against the wall, still in her work uniform. Her focus was on her phone screen. "I can watch him while you go to your shift tonight."

"Thanks, Q. Mrs. Keller do you need anything?"

"Call me Maria." I recognized the women from Tony's dream, but she was clearly older, more haggard. She looked to be in her fifties with dark hair, pulled into a messy bun, and dark eyes that looked just like her sons'. Despite her difficult life, she wore a smile of pure joy and light. She seemed genuinely happy for all she had even as she sat in a wheelchair with a back brace and barely moving fingers and god knows what other injuries.

I stayed as long as I could, talking to her about Tony's childhood and the mechanics behind his unique prosthetic legs. Tony was a brilliant student and a soccer prodigy. She blamed herself for allowing Tony to be so physically, emotionally abused by her ex. "It's my fault he turned to drugs. His mind is too beautiful for this world." Tears filled her eyes as she spoke. "I'm sorry. I was just thinking about the last time I saw him drawing. W-When he was sixteen Keith burned all of Tony's art supplies, so Tony started to go to the roof and sketch the clouds. He would see these magical worlds, that no one else could. Part of me thinks he could see heaven because that was where he was meant to be."

Tony was sleeping but I swear I could see him smile. He could hear her or at least feel her. It kinda made me homesick for my own mother. But that's a story for another day. "Have you met Sunny?"

"She was a sweet girl, but I think Tony's father damaged him so badly he thinks he's unworthy of love."

With a heavy heart, I got dressed to go to my dinner shift at Applebee's. Q promised to watch over Tony and Maria until I got back, even if that meant spending the night. Because my sugar daddy had the tendency to make surprise appearances. 

It was a shitting night for tips, and soon I was feeling sick to my stomach. I had to step outside for a smoke, but as I tried to light a cigarette my hands were trembling so badly, I dropped my Marlboro. "Fuck."

"You alright?" 

I looked up to see Keith Keller, Tony's dad, my boyfriend. "Hey, Love. I missed you."

"You drunk?"

"I'd like to be." My world is spinning, I can't breathe. "Take me home, Loverboy?"

We load into his truck. I shoot my manager a text about how sick I'm feeling and she says it's fine for me to leave (although I will be forfeiting the rest of my night's pay.)

As we load into Keith's burgundy Buick Sierra, I can't help but notice the interior. This wasn't the first time I'd been in his truck, with his lush interior and heated seats, but this was the first time my heart was overwhelmed with greed. I wanted this truck. I wanted his money. More than the meager hundred he would give me, no, I wanted his life. I wanted to cut off his head and deliver it to Tony and Maria on a silver platter. No wait, I would have to have it mounted like a deer head.

We ride out to his house, just outside the city lines, in the even smaller township of Clinton, Wisconsin.

Even as we kiss I think about how I'm going to do it. There are plenty of guns, knives, even a chainsaw in the garage. But before I know it, we're fucking on his soft, luxurious king-sized bed. I let him removed my clothes, fondling my tits. He fucks me missionary style, allowing me to look at the mirrored ceiling.

I wish it was Tony slender, muscular body on top of me, but it's not, it's Keith's pale blonde redneck body. His hands are large and meaty. While Tony has the hands of an artist, Keith has the hands of someone who beat his wife and disabled son. This horrible monster of a man, who only allowed his wife a divorce when she agreed to walk away with none of his wealth. 

All I can do is stay still until he finishes. In a little while, he's asleep. I can feel my unpainted nails transforming into dark thick, cat-like, claws. I look at the clock on the nightstand, it's 3 am. I drag my claw along his neck, it would be so easy. 

My stomach hurts. It's a sharp pain that causes me to lay back. Looking up at the mirrored ceiling I see my body- my lower stomach is glowing green. WTF?

"Hello?" said a small voice. 

"Um, hello? Am I pregnant?" I had never been pregnant before. I always assumed I couldn't even get pregnant. 

"Yup!" the voice answered sweetly. "You made love to a creature worthy of your power."

I was frozen in place. My hand drifted to the glowing spot, it felt warm, like a soothing massage. "Are you Tony's baby?" The timing would make sense. After taking Tony's virginity I had sex with his dad as well as a few other men, but they weren't special, they weren't Tony. 

"Tony is my daddy, I will have his beauty, his courage, and his strength."

There were tears in my eyes, I truly wanted this baby. I could imagine holding a little girl or boy with Tony's dark eyes and tan skin. Maybe the little one would even have his smile. 

"But you must stay with Keith," the voice added. The glow got stronger until it filled the room with light. 

Looking around, I understood. "Because all this can be mine; the house the car, the money."

"You know what you must do."

The idea made me sick to my stomach. "I do." I had to get Keith to marry me and to do that I had to pass off this baby as his.