 Author's Note: This is technically the sixth installment in my Wish Granted series. However, this will be a smaller story. Still, if you read this without reading the previous installments, then you will be reading a spoiler or two. Also, you will likely be confused about who these characters are. The reading order of the stories should be on my profile. 

*** 

Roland and Amalric were off at school, the finest school Erdgar could find. He hoped the lads would make friends, get into minor fights, and learn all the important subjects they needed to learn. 

Andreo was different. Despite the fact that he was a young teenager, he wasn't at a school. He was kept at home with private tutors. It was because of his strange, slow condition. 

Physically, he wasn't slow. He was athletic and healthy. He rode horses, carried and used firearms with excellent care, hunted in the woods with grown men, and gently wrestled with his youngest brothers. His voice had finished crackling and he now had a deep pitch similar to his father's, but it still lacked typical adult cynicism.

Something in his brain was slow, something that had him needing a few moments to take in spoken words, something that had him refusing to meet anyone's eyes. Out of motherly fear, Danetta had besought her husband to keep him out of a school, and Erdgar agreed, but he insisted on the best domestic education possible. 

Enio and Ermo were normal little toddlers who wore unisex dresses and padded caps. The reasons behind the dresses were practical and cultural. Once they were old enough, they would be put in breeches, and Erdgar would be immensely proud. For now, though, they were sweet little babies with soft hands and nearly contagious grins. Their nanny, Rowen, loved to kiss their usually happy faces almost as much as their parents did. 

On a gentle autumn morning, Erdgar, his wife, and Andreo rode horseback around the great keep of Castle Adurant. It was an energizing, sharp activity. The earthy scents blended with diluted daylight. The leaves were crumbling. The horses' hooves pounded and patted against the rich earth. Andreo's black curls sprung and scattered in the tight leather keeping it on his back. Danetta's dark, triangular hat had a bouncing white feather. Fortunately, the hat itself was pinned to her tight hairstyle. 

Even after all these years, Danetta was still a beautiful woman. Erdgar loved how her cyan colored eyes were vibrant in the subdued autumn world. Her nose was pink in the cool air. Her curvy body seemed uncharacteristically authoritative in her red and black riding habit. Military inspired braids of silver threads were set in rows from over her large chest down to her waist. 

As if she was in control of everything... 

She wasn't, not really, but at least with her duties as a wife and mother, she was more than adequate. Everything in life was perfectly dandy, and Erdgar didn't believe it would be so if he hadn't married her. 

And, again, he thought to himself, there should be another child. Why not? 

One of Danetta's pale curls was displaced. It fell out of the coiffure as if it was a rebellious child running away from home. Such a soft, delicate little spring of hair! 

One of her gloved hands went to her mouth. She covered a yawn. A few licks of guilt fluttered in Erdgar's stomach. He understood why she was a little tired. He had kept her awake for most of the previous night. 

Well... it was at least partially all her doing... partially... she was just so damn exquisite, walking around Castle Adurant with her pale hands and thick lips, her rare eyes and rocking hips... 

Hmmm... in reality, it was all his fault. Erdgar sighed and rolled his eyes. He was the one who'd walk into her bedchamber and turn her into a loose puddle of blissful submission. 

So, he decided right there, on his horse, that he'd let his pitiable wife have a respite. 

However, on the next night, he planned on making her sore. 

*** 

The little twins were sleeping. Erdgar knew because he made a point of sneaking into the nursery and looking at their little faces. They each had their own tiny bed. Those beds' frames had been carved to resemble boats, mostly for their parents' own sense of whimsy. 

Erdgar went to Andreo's room next. The door was closed and locked, and there weren't any lights peeking out from the crack. The lad was probably sleeping too. 

Was Danetta sleeping? She had better be. Erdgar walked on towards her bedroom. His wife's handmaidens were closing their mistress' door as they were leaving when he reached that area. Politely, he asked them about Danetta. 

"Our kind mistress asked us to go and rest while she awaits your presence," one of them said. 

Ah, so she was waiting for him. Best not to keep her long. Just a kiss, a loving word or two, and then he'd let her sleep. Perhaps he'd tuck her in bed. That would be sweet. 

His knuckles tapped on the thick wooden door. "Madam? Would you permit your husband the right to enter?" 

"The door's unlocked, Darling. You never needed my permission." There was a faint giggle. 

Erdgar pushed the door into the room. His mottled lips formed a tiny grin he couldn't suppress. Danetta was sitting on a stool and pulling a tortoiseshell comb through her curls. Her body was in a chemise and a robe with elbow-length sleeves. Lace dripped down and floated as her limbs stretched out to remove the hair's tangles, letting the curls sparkle in the firelight. 

"Are you well this night?" he asked as he closed the door. 

"I'm well every night, Sir." 

"Is that so?" His shoes clunked on the floor as he approached. "Perhaps I was mistaken in assuming you've been weary?" 

Flowers and vanilla! Another new perfume! His chest swelled as he took the fragrance into his brain. 

Holding her comb against her lap, Danetta looked up at him with fluttering eyelashes and an enchanting smile. 

His toes bent a little. 

Danetta sighed and put her comb on a vanity table. "I suppose I am... moderately jaded." 

She... smelled... wonderful. 

Erdgar thought he would pat her shoulder, kiss her forehead, and wish her a good night. His body disobeyed. He took one of her hands and pointed his bald head towards the canopy bed. The skirts of her flimsy attire swishing and falling, Danetta got up and walked with him to that bed. Her feet made almost no sound against the cold floor; she still had a pair of stockings on, holding on to the coziness that was likely in her toes. 

Their backsides put a groan in the mattress as they both perched on its edge. Danetta yawned so deeply that her back curved. 

A compromise, a chat. That would be fine and well, wouldn't it? 

Erdgar put an arm around Danetta's shoulders and whispered sweet, unimportant words to her. She replied in kind, loving and dear, nuzzling him and sinking that floral, cake-like perfume into his clothing. After a time, Erdgar happened to say what had been said many times before. 

"Would you give me another child, Dear Wife?" 

And to his surprise, Danetta took one of his large, scarred hands, kissed the back of it, and said with a quivering voice, "Oh, my Sweet Husband, we have so many children already. Is it just to ask the gods for more?" 

There was a moment where Erdgar blinked down at the top of her head. A slimy, tingling thing was in his throat. He forced it down. "I'm not asking anything of the gods." He let his fingers dance along a curve of her waist. She was so warm. "I'm asking you." 

Her fingers folded and twisted with themselves in her lap. "Is my husband dissatisfied with the amount of children?" 

"I suppose that's correct, but please don't assume I'm dissatisfied with my fair little wife." He reached up and patted the upturned tip of her adorable nose with his index finger. 

Mindlessly tugging on a button on his waistcoat, Danetta sighed. "Then, if my husband wants another child, then I must do what I can to accommodate him." 

Was there a hint of reluctance in that meek voice of hers? 

No... no, she was tired. That was all. 

As he got up from the bed, he took her hands and kissed them. "I'll let you rest tonight, my Darling. Please forgive me." 

*** 

She was there for him on the following night, wearing nothing but a chemise and that perfume that smelled like flowery vanilla. 

She was a cake dusted with rose petals, a warm confection ready for his teeth and tongue. 

Her back and limbs were sinking into the mattress. Her hair was spread around. Her great bosom seemed so high. Behind her chemise, her nipples pointed at the canopy's ceiling. 

And her smile was so appealing. It nearly outshone the candles and lamps. 

Outstretching arms, thrilled fingers, satiny and all for him. He had to crawl over her. He had to let his lips skitter over her collarbone, then her throat. He felt the whine flow up there. Then he heard its release, a light sound, an excited sound.  

To her lips, tasting them, then slipping between, passing the teeth, reclaiming the heat there, sucking it up into his throat, greedily swallowing it down. Bit by bit, his body was heating up. 

As if she was sacrificing her warmth to him. 

Sacrifice... 

Erdgar reared back and moved aside, getting to his knees. He led Danetta to a sitting position, swept her hair aside, and whispered in her ear, "Shall we have a game?" 

Her fingernails lightly touched his chin. Her eyelashes fluttered. "I'm completely prepared for any game you fancy." 

Silk cords, there were some in a nightstand somewhere, unless a maid moved them. 

Erdgar asked Danetta to sit in a nearby armchair. As her delightful aroma floated off, Erdgar went to a nightstand. There was a bundle of smooth cords in a drawer for him. He picked one and padded over to his wife. 

"A sacrifice for a beast, could you humor that?" With cautious and tame movements, he pulled her thin wrists behind her back, which had the little woman pushing her chest out.

He knew she saw his cock slightly jerk. 

His fingers wrapped the cord around a few times. Then he tied a knot. He tested the slack, making sure that if there was an emergency she could pull herself free. Once, when Danetta was pregnant with their first child, he had her limbs bound during an intimate moment. A candle had been knocked over, and Erdgar had to put a small fire out. Nobody was harmed, but he had gazed at his vulnerable wife and wondered what would've happened if he hadn't been able to help. How could she have saved herself in that condition?! Unacceptable! 

As he stepped back, Danetta lowered her head and made a distressed, watery noise, fearful and hopeless. 

Then, in a manner that was coarse and to the point, Erdgar put his hand under her jaw and chin, tilting her head back up, forcing her to look up at him, or rather, allowing him to look at her. 

His voice turned as rough as his scars. 

"They left me a right beauty, eh?" He thought he sounded like a child of a sailor and a farmer. 

Her lovely eyes swirled around. The sacrifice didn't want to take in the features of the ugly, ferocious beast that would likely devour her. Her chest heaved. 

He had to see more of her. 

Hands on her shoulders, Erdgar loomed closely over her. He whispered, "Forgive me, I'll compensate you another day." 

"I beg your pardon?" 

A heavy, cruel tear. Danetta gasped and left her mouth open. 

Erdgar had ripped her chemise in half. 

Her knees knocked together. 

"Oh no, Love! Can't keep a beast away from his prize!" His fingers shoved between her thighs. He forced her legs apart. 

Danetta turned her head aside, her curls swishing with the movement. "Please, oh please, have mercy!" 

The heel of his hand slapped onto the delicate little mons, feeling the thin curls. He felt her body lurch at the sudden, sharp contact. He heard her disturb the air in the chair's cushions. 

Then, the other hand, he purposely turned it, putting the heavily scarred dorsa against her beautiful, sensitive nipple. He felt a surge of scraping need rush down from his nape to his scrotum. 

Poor, Pretty Little Prize! She was nearly terrified, her body rocking back in the chair... dragging her hot... slowly melting little cunt over his palm and fingers. 

The hand at her breast flipped over. He gripped the heavy, soft thing, caressing the wonderful flesh, so amazingly different from his, impossibly different. Damn... damn! He was already firm, a hungry rod of iron. 

But the beast wanted his prize's scent all over his nose and mouth. 

His bare knees went to the stone floor. Fortunately, a small rug was there to serve as a barrier. He tugged her hips forward, putting that pretty, opening flower to his hungry lips and teeth. 

Sweaty, savory, hints of that perfume, a bittersweet dessert, all in one tortuous lick. 

"Ohhhhhhhh... ohhhhhhhhh pleeeeeeeeeeease!!" 

Yes, Mistress. 

Squeezing her thighs, repeatedly lapping, even occasionally dipping his tongue inside the tunnel, where there seemed to be the greatest heat of all. 

He felt and heard her feet kick in the air. 

But there would be absolutely no mercy. She would be consumed. Erdgar growled into the flexing muscles and oozing juices. She was the most delicious treat in the world, the best offering that could be given to a beast. 

He thought she should be rewarded for being a good little sacrifice. 

Very carefully, his lips closed around the blazing little clitoris. That made the woman grind against him and howl as if she was the beast. 

Ohhhh... Darling... 

Only a thimble's worth of seconds were required. She soon coughed and screamed and begged, nearly gushing onto his uneven face. 

When she was a bit calm, an idea came. Erdgar kissed her wet slit once more. Then he stood up and wiped his face with his wrist. He took Danetta by her waist and helped her down, telling her to kneel on the rug. When he was certain that she was in a good position, he wrapped most of her hair around one of his hands... those cheery and innocent curls... 

The little woman licked her own lips. 

Erdgar's free hand clenched around his erection as he reminded himself of how glorious her mouth felt. Then he put the dark tip against those soft, luscious lips. 

She accepted his cock well, humming hungrily, her saliva oozing out as he lightly rocked back and forth. 

"Yes, yeeeeeeeeeeeees," Erdgar hissed, tugging on the blonde curls. He knew she loved that. He imagined that each pull on her scalp sent a pulse to her cunt. 

Her tongue was flattened against his flesh, constricting the space for his cock. 

Fuck! Too much! 

Erdgar pulled himself out and released her hair. 

Time to set the prize free. She knew her place. It was with him. She wouldn't run away. 

He yanked her up to her feet. Then he reached around and untied her wrists, letting the cord land on the floor. Danetta's round buttocks were seized by his long fingers and thumb. She was lifted and held against him. Her arms went around his shoulders. Her ankles crossed at his back. Her soft, round breasts were compressed against his terribly scarred chest. Her weight wasn't troublesome at all. 

Kisses with tangling tongues. 

Over to the bed again. 

Right on top of her, sinking his cock in. 

A relieved groan tumbled out of his throat. 

She was so tight... pressing around all of his erection, soaking it in her heat. 

He forgot all about the game. He held his beloved wife close and murmured into her throat, "Yes, Sweet... Sweet One, I love you, oh fuck!" 

From the tip to the root, in and out, all tight, all wonderful. The bed was squeaking. The world was gauzy, but he could still see Danetta's breasts violently bouncing and jiggling. 

He was tensing up... 

Yes! 

Erdgar's hairless head tilted back. "Agghhhhhh!!" 

More and more, quicker, ragged, accidentally popping for a second but then ramming back inside. 

His feet and calves hurt, but that didn't matter. He was euphoric. His wife's body was clamping onto him in just the correct way. And he was cumming so hard that he actually forgot who and what he was. 

Once he was finally done, once he was softening and sagging, he lazily rolled over and tried to control his breathing. He heard Danetta titter beside him. 

*** 

During the summer, Danetta couldn't enjoy the Social Season in the capital anymore, because she was confined to the townhouse. She had been heavily pregnant for a while. 

When she finally started the process of giving birth, everyone in the building turned chaotic and jittery. They were all desperate to keep the mistress as well as possible. 

Erdgar sat on a stool beside his wife's bed, holding her hand as if she were close to falling. Danetta cried and screamed as the midwife gave her orders. 

But... even when night came... and even when night passed and morning came again... 

Danetta Adurant was still struggling to pass the child. 

And... when she suddenly quieted down, leaning back against a stack of pillows as if she was planning on taking a nap, Erdgar's stomach turned into an icy, sludge filled thing. He nearly vomited, but he put a cold, damp cloth to her brow and said, "No! You must not give in!" 

The midwife shouted out, "You need to keep fighting! Come on, now! There's not even a crowning!" 

Danetta wasn't responding. Even her belly seemed frozen. 

Erdgar leaned in and caressed her cheek. "Danetta, please!" 

He barely heard it, yet it came, congealing his blood. 

Danetta's voice. 

"The child... won't come. I can't... the child needs... to be carved out." 

Something like this had happened last time, didn't it? 

Erdgar shook his head so quickly that he got a mild headache. "No! You won't survive!" 

"There's no choice!" That was the midwife. "If we don't put a knife to her, then both mother and child will die!" She was already searching a leather bag for the proper tools. 

Both of Erdgar's hands closed over his wife's as he turned and hollered at the midwife. "Absolutely not!! Give her more time!!" 

"There isn't much time left! If we don't hurry, we'll all regret it!" 

A shrill, heart-piercing, haunting scream. 

Danetta?! 

The midwife's voice. "Ah!! Keep at it! Come!! Come!!" 

Erdgar thought he might die. 

More time... more time... it dug and scraped against his brain while Danetta wailed and almost broke his hand. 

"Yes!!" cried the midwife. "First-rate! Best-rate!" 

More crying... different crying! 

"It's here!" the midwife shouted with a messy grin. "It's a girl! A little girl!" 

That was when Danetta looked up at Erdgar, her face sweaty, bare, and so amazingly beautiful. "I have someone... I have someone to give my jewelry to." Erdgar was about to add a statement, worrying that she that she thought she was dying, but Danetta interrupted him. "First, I'll need to teach her all the proper morals." She took a dry, heavy breath. "Then, when she's old enough... I'll pierce her earlobes and give her my favorite pearls." 

Danetta Adurant didn't die from giving birth. 

But Erdgar was still bedeviled by the concept. 

*** 

Her name was Allegra Adurant. 

For the first few days of her life, she seemed to have dark eyes, but soon her mother's bright cyan drove away the darkness. That's how newborns were, sometimes. Their eyes and hair would often be completely different from their true natures in the beginning. She even started growing a bit of blonde fuzz on her lumpy little head. 

One morning, when Danetta was breastfeeding the little girl, Erdgar entered the nursery. The nanny was with the twin boys, but Danetta's handmaidens were sitting nearby. He asked them to leave him alone with his wife. When they were gone, Erdgar pulled a stool up to Danetta. He patted and stroked little Allegra's crown. 

Her eyes happy, Danetta said, "She has a healthy appetite, just as you do." 
