 *************************************************

 Copyright Oggbashan August 2016

The author asserts the moral right to be identified as the author of this work.

This is a work of fiction. The events described here are imaginary; the settings and characters are fictitious and are not intended to represent specific places or living persons. This is a fantasy.

*************************************************

Westry Bay is a gated community and has been since long before the term existed. In the nineteenth century the local landowner built a couple of lodges near the beach for his hunting, shooting and fishing visitors because he personally didn't indulge in those sports. His younger brother did and by building the lodges the elder brother could keep his house free for his intellectual friends, and his string of expensive mistresses -- that's another story.

The only road access is by half a mile of causewayed road over the freshwater marshes. At the start of that road is the gatekeeper's house. The gates are kept shut and are opened by an electronic key. The gatekeeper can open for named visitors who are only allowed in during daylight hours by prior arrangement. The marshes are still the barrier they were. There is a private footpath through the marshes that is just passable with care. That has an electronically controlled gate on the only bridge across the stream that meanders through the marsh.

Even by sea the access is difficult. Swimming is safe inside the shifting sandbars that deter anything larger than a canoe. The treacherous currents beyond are too much for the canoe. Once a resident landed a hovercraft. His neighbours protested about the noise and the experiment wasn't repeated.

In short, Westry Bay is as isolated as it can be in the first part of the 21st century. Tradesmen deliver to the gatekeeper's house. Any maintenance of the buildings is performed by the estate's staff who are resident. None of the houses are privately owned. All are leased from a trust that took over from the descendant of the original owner about fifteen years ago. All the houses were modernised and renovated by the trust. None of the residents who lived on the estate before the trust took over are left. As previously, the current residents arrived by invitation only. By tradition the invitation was considered by all the current householders before it was issued but now the trust approves the invitation. 

I was vaguely aware of Westry Bay as an anomaly. I never thought I would visit it or that anyone I knew might live there. When my long term friends Alan and Julia had their car accident I visited them at the nursing home where they were recovering. Alan would never be the same man. He would eventually walk again with a stick but his former skiing and mountaineering would be impossible. Julia had been less active than Alan. She seemed prematurely aged. They surprised me by announcing that they were moving to Westry Bay. 

When Julia went off to organise some tea and cakes I asked Alan bluntly:

"Why, Alan? Why are you two moving to Westry Bay? It's isolated."

"It's very simple, Ian. All the properties at Westry Bay are serviced, better than this nursing home. We'll have two live in maids and a cook. Julia wouldn't be able to look after me, and for months I wouldn't be able to look after myself. The maids are not just maids. They are trained as nurses as well and can easily cope with our needs."

"Ouch! Won't that cost a mint?"

"It's surprisingly cheap for the service we get. We have a lease, not a freehold purchase, but unlike normal leases it is more like renting. We pay an annual charge which covers the house, the utilities and the staff. It is cheaper than a mortgage would be on a first time buyer's small house, and there is no deposit required -- if you are accepted by the other people at Westry Bay. You could visit us. There are apartments for visitors which we can use for up to three months in any year. Those apartments are serviced too. The visitors don't have to cook, clean, or do any housework."

"I think I'd find that boring, Alan."

"Maybe. You're more active than Julia was, and even more active than I was before the accident. But for us it's ideal. We don't have to worry about our care. This place may be good as nursing homes go, but we only have two rooms, not our own house. What you might like is seeing the staff. The maids and cooks all seem to be in their late twenties or early thirties and very attractive."

That was a sore point. My wife had left me for a younger man, twenty years younger than me. Our divorce had been finalised two years ago. She seemed happy with her young stud. He seemed happy with her. But I still felt betrayed. 

When Julia returned and the tea and cakes followed within minutes she was even more enthusiastic about Westry Bay. She told me how much the annual fee was. It seemed very cheap for such a complete service.

They invited me to come to Westry Bay about a month after they would have moved in. They had an ulterior motive. They wanted me to take Alan out for drives around the local area which they didn't know. By then he should be reasonably mobile, enough to walk around a historic house or garden, but unlikely to able to drive himself for a few months more. He might not be able to drive unless his condition improves significantly. Julia had been disqualified from driving for twelve months for 'careless driving' that led to the accident.

After they had moved in I had a few enthusiastic emails from them. They were enjoying life but Alan was looking forward to my visit. He was very pleased with the maids and cook. His emails sounded as if he was almost falling in love with one or more of them.

+++

A month later I drove up to the entrance of Westry Bay. I stopped in front of the closed gates. The security guard came out to me.

"Mr Ian Sanders? You're expected. Here is a map of the estate. I have marked your apartment and your car parking space. Your friends' house is about fifty yards away from where you park. If you go to your apartment your maid will let you in and tell you about our site. Your friends are expecting you for dinner tonight."

I drove at the ten mile per hour speed limit and parked my car. As I unloaded my suitcase a tall black woman came out of the apartment block.

"Mr Sanders? I am your maid Mariena. I will take your suitcase for you."

I was about to protest that it was heavy. She lifted it as if it was very light. I followed her nicely rounded backside into the block. I couldn't stop my instant erection as she wiggled in front of me, her long black skirt swaying attractively. Once inside the apartment she told me to sit down and wait for her to bring the coffee. She took my suitcase into the bedroom before going into the kitchen. Within less than a minute she came back with a tray of coffee and cakes. She sat down opposite me and poured the coffee exactly as Julia would have done. Julia knows how I like my coffee -- strong and black.

Mariena didn't drink. For a quarter of an hour she talked about Westry Bay and the facilities including what she as my maid would do for me. It sounded as if she was a saleswoman trying to sell me on moving to the estate. There was a hint that she might do more than she was saying, or was I reading too much into my first contact with a young woman for months? I was trying to place Mariena. Her name suggested she might be Afro-Caribbean but her perfect English had no accent. Her straight hair swung around her face as she moved. I was enjoying watching the movements of her glossy brown skin over her obviously fit frame. My erection continued to be embarrassingly obvious.

Eventually she stopped extolling the benefits of Westry Bay.

"Mariena, I think I'd like to walk around the estate for a while. I'm not seeing my friends for three hours and I'd like to get my bearings. Is that OK?"

Mariena seemed doubtful. 

"You're a stranger to people here. They might get worried if you are wandering around on your own until they know who you are. But I could show you around. Would that do?"

"I would be delighted to have your company, Mariena, unless that means impeding your work."

"No problem, Mr Sanders..."

"Please call me Ian," I said.

"OK, Ian. I can unpack your suitcase while you are with Alan and Julia. I have nothing else to do today since I'm not cooking for you."

We went out. Mariena tucked her hand in my arm as we walked. She pointed out the club house, the restaurant, the sports facilities and told me about the swimming from the beach. She was very pleasant company. We met very few residents but several of the maids. Mariena introduced me to all of them explaining that if the staff knew me, eventually the residents would too.

I was startled that each maid insisted on kissing me on both cheeks and then full on the lips. Startled, but I was enjoying it. As we were walking along the sandy beach with no one else around I made a point of asking Mariena.

"Why the kissing?" I said.

"Why not?" Mariena replied. "You're younger and fitter than most of the men here."

"But you haven't," I said mock-accusingly.

Her response surprised me. She pulled me behind a shelter and kissed me. I responded and found myself being hugged fiercely. Her arms were outside mine which I wrapped around her very trim waist.

I was almost out of breath when the kiss ended.

"Wow!" I said.

"I've wanted to since you arrived, Ian. Now I have, we can do it again."

She did. She pulled me into the shelter and sat on my lap. She wriggled to cover my erection. She was surprisingly heavy but I didn't mind. I had a wonderful armful of woman kissing me.

"Why me?" I asked as we paused.

"This place only has old men and many more old women, Ian. Did you notice many cars as you came in?"

I hadn't appreciated but now Mariena asked I thought back. As I drove in there had been a couple of small vans marked with the Westry Bay logo but mine was the only other vehicle. Even walking around the estate there had been no cars visible. A few people were using two seater golf carts or individual pavement buggies. The houses had car ports with the carts or buggies plugged into electrical outlets. The club house had some carts and buggies parked outside.

"No, Mariena. I haven't seen another car. Why not?"

"The residents usually can't drive. They're too old and stay on the estate almost all the time. If they have visitors they tend to come by taxi. If they need to go to hospital, usually the only time they leave, they go by ambulance or taxi."

"I'm not that young," I protested. "I'm retired."

"But fit and active, Ian. Some of the men rarely leave their own houses. The sports facilities are only used by the staff. We have a wonderful beach but it rarely sees a swimmer. We have two lifeguards every day who do nothing and see nobody."

"I'll swim," I said. "I brought my trunks."

"Exactly. You might even play tennis?"

"Tennis? Against whom if the residents are that decrepit?"

"Me? Or some of the other maids?"

"But I'd lose -- you're all decades younger than me."

"Would that matter, Ian?"

"No. I suppose not."

We resumed kissing before walking back to my apartment with our arms wrapped around each other. I was beginning to think that a fortnight with Mariena was going to be more enjoyable than the boring fortnight taking Alan around. Could I take Mariena on the outings?

+++

As I arrived at my friend's house I noticed their two buggies in the car port. The evening meal with Alan and Julia was formal. Their two maids, Jiao and Ingrid, were dressed in black with white waist aprons and frilly caps. Except for the skin colour they could have been Mariena's body doubles. They were both tall with well developed breasts straining their uniform dresses. Jiao seemed to be Chinese but her hair was straighter and her eyes rounder than I would have expected. Jiao's skin seemed to glow with a subtle tinge. Ingrid looked like a Scandinavian blonde. Ingrid's hair was also straight but perhaps natural. She had a light tan to her skin that was very attractive. Both women were very comfortable in their bodies. I didn't know which one to look at. My erection proved that I found both of them very desirable.

Jutta, their cook, was invisible in the kitchen but obviously talented. The meal was served as if in a hotel. I felt underdressed in my sports jacket. Alan was wearing his evening suit and Julia was in a long gown.

Was it my imagination or wishful thinking? Did Jiao and Ingrid brush their breasts against me when serving? Once or twice might have been accidental but they seemed to do it every time they delivered or removed a dish. I began to look out for the occurrences. They did it less often to Alan and never to Julia. Alan didn't react. I thought that strange. The Alan I had known appreciated beautiful women. Julia was still good looking and looking improved from the time I had seen her at the nursing home. She still wasn't her normal self, nor was Alan. They were still looking tired and washed out.

The two maids had almost the same lack of accent as Mariena. If I had heard them without seeing them I might have thought they were close relations, or certainly from the same part of the world. Perhaps they had gone to the same international school? It seemed slightly odd to hear the similarity but my automatic reaction to young women brushing their breasts against me pushed the thought from my mind.

Alan was delighted that many of the residents appeared, like him and Julia, to have been involved in Defence either as Civil Servants, officers in the forces or Defence contractors. I knew that both of them had been senior scientists involved in research projects. Of course they didn't talk shop. Apart from the constraints of the Official Secrets Act, it just wasn't done in social contacts. I could appreciate that. Although my time in Defence was more than a decade ago, one only talked about projects when at work and on a need to know basis. Personally I thought it was overdone. If we had talked among ourselves more often we might have produced better coordination but the tradition was that we shouldn't, so we didn't.

At the end of the evening I was surprised that they insisted that Jiao escorted me back to my apartment.

"Most of us don't go out in the evenings," Julia said. "We tend to meet for lunch or afternoon tea, not dinner. Apparently it is worse in the dark evenings. There aren't many street lights so we stay indoors."

I didn't think I needed a young woman to escort me fifty yards, but if that's what Julia wanted I wasn't going to make a fuss about it. I started to think that I might be more protection for Jiao than she would be for me but perhaps I was wrong. Jiao's grip on my hand was surprisingly strong. She didn't let go until I was in my apartment with Mariena. Jiao kissed me before leaving. Mariena was watching with an amused smile on her face. When Jiao had left Mariena kissed me too.

"Jiao can kiss you," Mariena said, "but you're mine for this fortnight."

"Yours?" I queried.

"Mine," Mariena repeated. "I might have to fight off some of the other maids, but you're mine."

She kissed me again. That kiss went on and on.

"And now I'll prove you're mine," Mariena said as she pulled me towards the bedroom.

"Should I object?" I asked.

"No. You're going to shave, shower and then get maid service, Ian."

I did. Almost as soon as I had climbed into bed I had a naked Mariena beside me, then all over me. She straddled me and pulled my hands to her breasts. Soon my lips were kissing and sucking at her nipples. Her black hair lashed around as she kissed my body. I don't know how but I found she had fitted me with a condom before she pulled my erection deep inside her. She pounded up and down on me. I was aware that she was heavy for her size but she supported some of her weight with her arms.

I went to sleep with Mariena's arms wrapped around me. I woke up to find Mariena's lips arousing me to another erection before she rode me again, and again.

The next thing I remember is Mariena, fully dressed, bringing me breakfast in bed. She almost spoon fed me, holding my head against her clothed breasts.

"Today you are taking Alan out," Mariena said, "but this evening and tonight you're mine."

It sounded like a promise, not a threat.

"I'll ask Alan if I could take you with me tomorrow," I said. "Is that possible?"

Mariena became very excited at the prospect. Why? Going out for the day with two older men wouldn't be that thrilling, would it?

She told me that I would have to sign her out at the security gate and we couldn't go for longer than twelve hours without special permission. I agreed that I would ask Alan. If he agreed, then it was a date for tomorrow.

The excursion with Alan was pleasant. We went to a nearby stately home, wandered slowly around the formal gardens and had a light lunch. After lunch Alan was tired so I borrowed a wheelchair to push him around. I asked Alan about taking Mariena tomorrow. He thought that would be possible. He'd bring Jiao. Ingrid and Jutta the cook could look after Julia.

That evening Mariena wanted to make me some jambalaya but needed some chorizo. I couldn't see a problem. I climbed into my car and drove a couple of miles to the supermarket. Mariena seemed to think that was a major task. Why? As I ate the jambalaya I asked if it was her national dish. She looked slightly sad.

"No, Alan," she replied. "I don't have a national dish."

That was odd but the expression on Mariena's face made me decide not to pursue the question. Soon I couldn't. Mariena was kissing and cuddling me again. If I had this much sex I was making up for years without. But could I keep up with a much younger woman who seemed insatiable? Mariena did as much of the physical effort as she could yet by the morning I was well aware that I had been fucked hard and often.

I hadn't told Mariena that Alan had agreed we could take her and Jiao today. When I did she was ecstatic. She swarmed all over me as if she wanted to swallow me or drown me in kisses.

The four of us went to a different stately home. The two women were as excited as if they were two ten-year-olds on their first visit to Disneyland. They loved the whole experience. I was already used to Mariena expressing pleasure with fervent kisses. Alan seemed startled by Jiao's kisses and confused when Jiao swapped with Mariena to kiss both of us. We attracted some amused glances from the other visitors.

One thing was odd. The two women didn't want lunch. They went off for a walk together while Alan and I ate. They were waiting outside the tea room when we had finished.

We arrived back at Westry Bay about six o'clock. Jiao took Alan's arm as they walked into their house. He seemed exhausted and Jiao was supporting him. He had already decided he would need to rest tomorrow. I wouldn't. I intended to take Mariena out on our own, this time to a castle that would be beyond Alan's capabilities. Mariena suggested that we ought to have Ingrid with us. She went across to Alan and Julia's house and returned with the news that yes, Ingrid could come tomorrow. 

That night Mariena was as demanding as before. I woke up in the middle of the night needing the toilet. Mariena wasn't in my bed. I couldn't see where she was but it didn't bother me in my half-asleep state. She was there demanding sex when I woke up. Our frantic coupling made me forget her absence in the middle of the night.

The security guard was almost unpleasant as I signed Mariena and Ingrid out. I thought he was going to refuse because I was a guest, not a resident, until Ingrid told him that Alan and Julia had approved the outing. It left a bad taste in my mouth. I wasn't sure that being a resident at Westry Bay would suit me. It had overtones of an open prison, not a quiet retreat. As I signed the book I noticed that the guard recorded all vehicles entering and leaving the estate. Apart from delivery vehicles and estate vans my departure and return with Alan, Mariena and Jiao were the only items recorded during the whole of yesterday from nine am to six pm. My return trip to get chorizo was the only entry for the evening.
