 "Regardless of how she came to be with child, she must be punished. It is the way." A voice of honey spoke.

"The child should be let be. It may be saved." Another voice interjected.

"No, it should be erased. No one can know what was spawned." This voice was quiet, contemplative.

"We will judge when the time for judgment comes. Until then, be silent. Let us see." A voice old with age spoke from somewhere in the darkness. It silenced everything.

"As you wish." A fire came alive in the middle of the room, illuminating twelve people seated around it. One loan member of the group, somehow different than the others, stood next to the pyre. She whispered words of encouragement to the flames in a language that has died many times. Quickly, a raging fire dominated the small room. A thundering command rang from her lips as smoke filled the room. There, in the smoke, the other twelve saw the woman that had become the cause for this meeting.

****

Kepi could feel hands around her. They were touching her, everywhere. It was intoxicating. She loved to dance. It made her feel free. Once more, she looked around the room, searching for someone to spend the night learning and for anyone she may know. This would not be the time to see one of her pride members. Her addiction was frowned upon. She loved the silly humans. They were fun toys. She had yet to find one that stole her fancy completely. The one she had would be devastatingly boring or very hard to get rid of. It was one of those things she just knew. He was pretty though, and cocky. Kepi liked them that way. It meant she could spend hours torturing them, making them submit to her over and over again.

Her hips swayed with her pet's hips. She left no space between them, left no questions as to what he would be getting tonight. The feline in her took over, slowly. Her movements became less stumbling, less human. Everything was fluid, from the motion of her hips to the roll of her shoulders. He would think her a force of a nature, think himself immensely great in his conquest of her. It almost made her laugh. She turned and looked at him, her black eyes piercing him with a knowing stare. Coupled with the sway of her body, the look could disarm any man completely. Her pet was no exception. She kissed him, deeply and slowly. Her tongue explored every part of his mouth and ran along his lips. He matched her, as best as he could. His tongue danced against her demanding one, seeking control. Kepi pressed herself more firmly against him, felt the hard bulge that was deliciously large. That was a stroke of luck on her part.

His hands went to her hair, pulling slightly and tilting her for better access. She enjoyed his taste, it was sweet. It wasn't long before she felt his restlessness. His itch to claim her with his hands and then other various parts of himself was overwhelming. She smelled his desire so strongly that she ached for him. It took seconds to grab his hand, to pull him through the crowd. She felt a pull in another direction as she was going, but pushed it off. Nothing was as important as feeling him, learning him. There were rooms, she knew of them and used them often. Not everyone was allowed, but once she had fucked the manager and the owner so silly that they had agreed to let her come back anytime.

Kepi pushed the door open of her favorite room. It was scarlet with black trim. The owner had built it as his own private room. Kepi liked that it wasn't used often. There were all kinds of toys hidden, if you knew where to look. She didn't need them right now though. They would be fun later.

Before she could do anything, he grabbed her from behind and pinned her to him. He locked her in place with one arm while the other grabbed her breast roughly. His mouth sought her neck. He began kissing and licking her, gently at first. His hand found it's was inside of her shirt and he squeezed her nipple hard, nibbling on her ear as he did it. Kepi moaned aloud. It was much too early to overpower him and take what she wanted from him, so she let him continue. She arched into him, grinding backwards. The hand holding her in place found her other breast. Somehow, her pet found a way to get his hand into her pants, he gently massaged her clit. She wasn't expecting him to work so quickly, in her surprise she let out a gasp. From behind her, she heard a low groan.

"I'm going to fuck you hard for being such a tease, alright you dirty whore? You've been making me wait all night when you knew good and well you had access to this room. Now, you can pay for it." Cocky. Kepi did like them that way. He threw her down next to him. Within seconds, his dick was exposed to her. Eight inches with a fat girth. "Suck it bitch." Kepi could feel it. He wanted her to resist so he could force her. She turned her nose away from him and crossed her arms. His hands went into her hair, pulling her violently. A murmur escaped her lips. 

She sucked him in quickly, and he pumped in and out of her, using her hair to hold her still. Her tongue played on the underside of his cock, coaxing him slowly. She took as much of him in as he would allow her. Every so often, she would flatten her tongue and suck him sharply as he pulled out of her. Her hands played with his balls. She felt the sound emanate from him as she worked his shaft. He ripped her away from himself and pushed her over a table. She was a few inches too short so he shoved her all the way up, letting her feet dangle off. Without a word, he pounded into her, hard. She felt her pussy stretch so horribly that she thought he might hurt her. She pleaded for him to stop before he even started. He didn't listen. 

He began thrusting in and out of her with an alarming amount of force and speed. One of his hands wrapped into her hair and pulled her partway off of the table. He reached forward and grabbed one of her breasts with the other. The only reason she didn't fall over was the quick thrusts of his hips keeping her firmly on the table's edge. He rode her for quite some time. Sometimes eliciting harsh sounds from Kepi. 

Without warning, he pulled her from the table, a severe red line had formed where she had been pushed against the table. He still wasn't sated, and Kepi took the hole he had offered to her. She launched herself at him. Pushing him forcefully against a wall and asserting herself. She looked into his eyes and saw the surprise there. She pulled away and smiled a sadistic smile. Before he had time to react, Kepi forced him to the bed on the far side of the room. She stood with a feline grace and grabbed the straps on the bed. She secured him in place and looked down on him sweetly. 

Once again, she took him into her mouth, slowly. She played with him and used her tongue to torture him. She licked her way all over his body, his desire only grew. He demanded that she let him go a few times. Each time he spoke, Kepi slapped him on the inside of his thigh. Finally, she made it to his mouth. She kissed him slowly, but his mouth met hers with force that she did not like. She slapped him in the thigh, just hard enough to leave a mark.

"Bitch, let me go." Another slap echoed through the room. She smirked at him. She crawled up to him and leaned in next to him, licking his earlobe.

"I'm not done with you yet. And you aren't done with me." She grabbed his dick and squeezed it to emphasize her point. Now, beg." She sat up and looked at him.

"Beg? For what?" Kepi didn't like his tone, so she slapped him again, hard. Another curse slipped from his lips. She slapped him again.

"For me to fuck you. For me to let you cum. For anything you want. If you want it, you are going to have to beg for it." Kepi said it slowly and languidly. She hated when people asked her questions like that.

"Are you crazy? Let me go, right now." She laughed and slapped him again. Kepi straddle him, just above his pelvis, his dick could brush against her ass.

Slowly, Kepi began massaging her breasts, teasing her nipples. She watched her pet's face as he sat confused, looking at her. Her hands traveled lower, slipping in small circles. She rubbed her clit and reached, with her other hand, under the pillow next to them. A rather large dildo waited her. She had left it there earlier, in anticipation for this. She began sucking it as she played with herself. The dick brushing against her ass jumped slightly. She dismounted her playmate and slowly began pumping the dildo in and out of herself, making sure he had a perfect view. She watched his dick bob and felt his muscles tense.

She stopped playing with herself and reached a hand under the other pillow. A smaller vibrator was under it. She turned it on and ran it over her nipples and then her clit. She inserted it into her cunt. She left her moans take over and let her hand lazily draw circles on the man sitting next to her, avoiding his very large erection.

It didn't take long, she was so riled up. She began cumming. Instead of subduing it, she allowed it to overtake her. Her back arched and her body convulsed. She heard him speak as she was coming down from her high.

"Please, fuck me. Ride my dick. Let me cum." The way he sounded it had been days, not a mere hour. Kepi laughed out loud. She took no time in impaling herself on his shaft and riding him roughly. She didn't let him orgasm as he would have liked. She took her time, letting her own pleasure build. She reached down and untied him, letting his hands free. He began massaging her clit furiously and fondly her breasts. He reached up and sucked a nipple into his mouth. With that kind of treatment, it didn't take long for her to come to a second orgasm. Her convulsions pushed him over the edge. 

She left him lying on the bed, sleeping. As she exited the room, she noticed it. That pull from earlier. It had grown stronger. Kepi looked up to see a man staring at her from down the hallway. They locked stares and she felt the world slip away. A blaze of arousal swept through her. She couldn't help herself. She walked towards him and just as she was about to reach him he walked into a room. It was another private room. Without a second though, she followed him. ****

The fire would go no longer the smoke thinned. The twelve who had been sitting looked around at each other, every one of them aroused from the scene displayed to them. The thirteenth in the middle sat slowly, exhausted from her work. The one with the honey voice spoke first.

"Two suitors."

"Two possibilities." Another spoke.

"The child will live. And it will be judged accordingly. For now, we will not kill the innocent." Murmurs of approval sounded. This was the voice of the old one.

"The mother will not be spared. Exile for her after the child is born and death should she ever be seen again." The twin of the old voice, except female, spoke and, again, agreement was sounded.

"Then let us be done."