 Evolution's a complicated process. There aren't rules or paths or obvious solutions to obstacles. Just a goal, and one that keeps moving. The goal itself is, in fact, Keep Moving. Your species survives by being faster, by being stronger or smarter, or at the very least by not tasting very good. Or by being so cute that some other well-off species takes you under its wing and out of the race entirely, which is certainly one way to win it.

The result was this: a world - no, that word gave the wrong impression. Worlds were more...abstract, in a way. All-encompassing by nature. This was just a planet. A planet where a species very similar to homo sapiens had been found either useful or aesthetically pleasing by another life form deep in the planet's past, and these days were mostly considered luxury pets. Almost every human here was bred for beauty and affection. Still a fine form of weapon in the evolutionary arms race.

Thoughts of that nature slowly spun around themselves in Trace's head while he ambled his way up what appeared to be a monolithic garbage bin. Thinking about this world he'd landed on from the standpoint of pure scientific inquiry helped him feel like he was doing more than acting like a stray alley cat, slipping into unguarded homes and getting to know the...locals.

And he'd found a good one here. She was pudgy and adorable, carrying her weight in a fine pair shape. A plump ass and fluffy stomach and simply fantastic tits; ginger hair that spilled around her head in curly waves while she laid on her back. The woman - younger than he was, not by much - didn't seem occupied by anything, eyes staring at nothing towards the ceiling, feet occasionally moving to the rhythm of music playing ambiently in the house. Sprawled out on a bed the size of Trace's entire quarters back on his modest little ship.

The feeling of something else crawling along the bed caught her attention from her daydreaming, and a shimmer of light made her look directly at him. "Stranger?" Her voice was quiet and sweet. Not really concerned; obviously she was safe in her own home. Only curious. She didn't see many other people. Strictly an indoor human, looked like.

She wasn't wearing much. Indoor humans, Trace had noticed, tended not to. A collar to indicate ownership, with a cloak hanging from it that she could wrap up in if it got chilly. The effect was dramatic, a black cape against pale skin and red hair. "Stranger." Trace repeated the word for her, simply acknowledging himself for her. It wasn't a question of threat she'd posed; she just needed to be reminded if she'd seen him before or not.

Comparatively, he was wearing a lot of clothing. Durable pants, a long-sleeved coat, a couple layers of shirt and thermal underwear. The best guess anyone on this planet who had spotted him could make was that he was a VERY outdoor human. They weren't wrong. He was about as outdoorsy as you could get, if you consider space flight and planet hopping the out of doors. Didn't take much effort to get out of the parts of his clothing that mattered though, because space farers still had to pee (most of them, at least). Unceremoniously, he retrieved his cock - stiff and ready, fat and hungry, and held it in the base of his palm for her to appraise.

She looked curious at first, still blinking back the daze of vegetation, before she offered him a positive nod and a gentle smile. "Love you!" The humans here only knew so many phrases, and this one was pretty versatile. Their owners loved to hear it, so they said it after meals, after baths, after being given toys, and as he'd noticed first hand, before being given the chance to breed. She rolled onto her knees, thighs spread wide, and placed her hands on the backs of her legs - intending to spread her pussy lips for him, but mostly just straining the cloth of her cloak.

The other thing about the humans on this planet is they weren't always very bright. Trace did the job of pushing her cape out of the way for her, which got another quiet 'love you' out of her. Her pussy was perfect and pink on the inside, beginning to drip with lust and need almost instantly at the prospect of being put to use. His teeth bit into the leather of his gloves and pulled them off so he could touch her directly, rough skin of his fingers against her flawless body, sliding adoringly up her legs and squeezing gently to appreciate the plush feel under his fingertips. Her figure was incredible, her face matching it to make her look perfect for the role of cuddly and affectionate housepet - though he doubted her owners had an appreciation for how fuckable her form was.

His tongue earned a surprised cry from her as he began lapping at that presented slit, a hand pressing into her supple ass cheek and pressing a thumb up against her tight asshole, slooowly working its way into her, holding her steady while he enjoyed his snack; kissing and loudly smacking and humming against her velvet lips, thumb on his other hand coming up to locate her clit and rub circles around the surface of it. His nameless friend writhed and squaked uselessly against him, not really sure what to make of this happening, but probably enjoying it. Her fingers gripped at the blanket beneath her, thicker than her hands, while rocking forward and back against him purely on instinct.

She tasted amazing. Whatever was in the pet food around here did wonders. By the time he decided he was finished, her thighs were coated in a soaked sheen; likely the same for his face, if he could see it. His hand striked her ass playfully, and she gasped again - the simple girl feeling her heart race, body running on adrenaline from so many strange but pleasurable sensations.

Time for the main course, though; he leaned over her body, resting against the softness of her cloak and her bare back, wrapping his palms and fingers firmly around her breasts and squeezing them gently, then firmly, massaging and kneading the flesh, knuckles on his fingers playing with her pert and lightly colored nipples. She was an entire orchestra of cute and pleasured squeaks and moans, and he loved the feeling of being able to play her like an instrument. The longest and most wonderful note came when his dick finally pushed its way into her, spreading her inner walls apart while burying himself as deep into her as he could go. Slowly at first, slooowly. No going fast. This one - like quite a few others - was still a virgin. Couldn't risk hurting her, or scaring her. Especially if it meant she took her cunt away from him.

They were practically breathing as one life form now; the outworld stranger taking long, drawn-out breaths in, while each deep and careful thrust from him knocked moans and hot winds out of her. As her body welcomed him more, he was able to go faster and faster, deeper and harder, rocking into her. Changing his position so he was knelt behind her, properly hammering his dick into her virginal body only just realizing how hungry it had been. She shifted with him until her face was buried in the bed, all muffled moans and quivering muscles letting him know she was still alive; not too distracted to breathe.

Not just moans, either. That phrase, over and over. 'Love you, love you, love you, love-!!' Her voice got louder and louder, cracking as the volume went up from simple disuse of it. She actually came before him, her inner muscles tightening down around his rod as her fluid sprayed out against him, the natural milking motion of her body pushing him to his own climax; thick prick spraying out thick ribbons of his seed deep into her ready and fertile body. Her owners could deal with that. Alley cats didn't have responsibilities. They were just simple animals, right?

"This is Bog Parker, reminding you to get your pets spayed and neutered." Trace panted the words from behind her, sitting back up and patting her backside in thanks while slowly pulling his dick free.

"Nn?" A noise of curiosity. That was a longer sentence than most humans knew for important things. They certainly didn't keep extra words around for snarky comments.

"Love you." Trace distracted her, leaning down to press his lips against hers, cutting off her attempt to parrot the phrase. She rolled onto her back, wrapping arms around his waist and returning the kiss, simple and messy and loud, their tongues rolling around each other while her hips just kept rocking in residual pleasure and satisfaction.

You couldn't miss the approach of her owners. The dominant species of this planet were huge, a couple of stories by human standards. Time for a quick getaway. He slipped out of her arms and darted himself across the bed and back out the window he'd come from. As soon as he was out of sight, she didn't really mind his absence, and went back to doing what she'd been doing before; spacing out comfortably and enjoying the music.

This world wasn't meant for people his size, that was for sure. Standing on top of the bin outside of a cracked open window made him feel like he was a kid again, trying to get out of the house without his parents' notice. These days, though, he had some toys he would've loved to own as a pre-teen; like the stealth field generator at his waist. It wasn't perfect, creating shimmers of light here and there. Occasional distortions of space, like trying to look at the world through the surface of clean water. It worked as long as nobody looked too scrutinizingly at it. That was the benefit of acting like an alley cat; when you're navigating trash, people assume the glimmer of light is sunlight off some aluminum can. Or whatever the cans are made of around here. 

It had been...what, a couple of weeks now? His ship, a lone scouter vessel - on, well, loan - had been forced to land here, on a planet that had barely any recorded knowledge on it. The dominant species were massive and...frankly, terrifying, and were very hostile to most visitors. Most of their visitors hadn't been nearly identical to their beloved pet species. Anything written about the planet had been written by the few humans that had made it before him, and no doubt most of it had been kept secret because the travelers either A) went missing into the, well, human trafficking industry, or B) managed to avoid being caged and wanted to keep this place hush hush for future visits. That was sure his plan. This place was an amazing vacation spot, provided his stealth field generator kept working.

So when it failed two blocks later while teaching a fellow stray with gorgeous dark skin how to suck dick like a champion, right in sight of animal control, he suddenly became a believer in cosmic karma...