 Chapter One

'What on Earth is that noise?' Thought Sue, it sounded as though a large jet plane was right outside of her bedroom window. 'Just typical' she thought, 'as if trying to complete this assignment for college isn't enough to give me a bloody headache, I've got low flying aircraft helping out.' Sue had just turned 18 and was studying for a biology degree, at 5'4 she wasn't very tall but had a wonderful hourglass figure. With curvy hips, a pert bottom and a very perky 32e chest, she was quite used to turning heads and sometimes used this to her advantage in classes. Unfortunately the assignment was for her only female teacher and she knew that low cut tops and tight jeans wouldn't help her get the A she needed. 

She looked at the clock and realised that she had been working for over four hours, it was approaching 11pm and she hadn't yet eaten. 'No wonder my head hurts, I'll just stop and fuel up before I get on with it,' she thought and headed to the kitchen. As she made herself a sandwich and some coffee to keep her going, she wondered where her housemates were, before remembering they were both out on dates. 'Lucky devils, I haven't gone out on a date for 3 months now.' Things had been a bit slow since she stopped seeing Tom.

Her body reminded her just then what it was she missed most about him, as she remembered some of the things they had got up to. Such as the time they had taken his car to a well known dogging area and fucked in the backseat. She was not a shy person and loved knowing people were watching and masturbating to their little display. Just the thought of it all these months later had her panties getting wet from the juices that started to flow.

Just then she heard a noise at the back door. Wondering if one of her housemates had forgotten their key again she went to see what it was. She looked through the glass in the top half of the door, but couldn't see anything. She looked to the side and saw the calendar, at which point she realised it was Halloween. 'Oh great,' she thought, 'it's probably some idiot deciding on a late night trick or treat.'

She grabbed a jug and filled it with water, thinking to get her own back on whichever dick had decided to try winding her up. She grabbed the door with one hand and swung it open, pouring the water from the jug downwards in the hope of catching them out. "Take that dick head" she said, but just as she looked down to laugh at them something grabbed her legs and pulled her off balance.

"Oh shit" she said as she flung her hands out to protect her head. Unfortunately she wasn't quick enough and the last thing she remembered for a long time was looking up and seeing something strange.

Chapter Two

When Sue woke up, her head felt sore and it took her a while to remember what had happened. When she did, she tried to sit up, but fell back as dizziness overtook her and nausea churned in her stomach. Once it had settled down, she tried to rise again and found that as long as she took it slow she was able to get into a seated position. She started to look around her wondering where she was. What she saw made her realise that she was no longer in her house, as the space she was in was nothing like she had ever seen before.

The walls around her were a strange glowing blue as though they were giving off a blue light, but looked nothing like any of the light sources she was used to seeing. They were all curved too. In fact as she looked around there were no straight lines anywhere, even the floor she was on had a curve to it. The room, she guessed, was roughly 20 foot long and perhaps 10 foot wide and looked to be shaped like an egg, all the surfaces she was touching felt almost soft, like a cushion, but firm enough that she didn't sink into it.

At one of the narrow ends she saw a large round opening, and wondered if perhaps she might be able to get out of wherever she was, before her captors returned for her. Inching up the wall behind her, she finally made it to her feet. Keeping one hand on the wall to steady her self, she made her way to the entrance, but found it of no use to her when she got there. What she hadn't seen but discovered when she tried to walk through, was an invisible energy barrier that gave her a nasty jolt, and landed her back on her butt.

She looked around the room again hoping to find another way out, but other than the door she had already tried there was nothing else in the room. At this point she discovered that there was something worse than being trapped in a room, being trapped in a room with no toilet. Her bladder had chosen that moment to start protesting at how long it had been since she last went.

Not knowing what else to do she started shouting to see if anyone would respond. After all, surely whoever had taken her must be somewhere around, maybe they would let her use a bathroom. She could do with a drink too she thought, as her throat started to get sore from the "Hello. Is anyone out there? Can anyone hear me's" that she kept screaming.

After a while she gave up and sat down again, hoping someone would come along before things got too desperate. All of a sudden a hole appeared in the wall next to her, when she looked in it there was a tube with some liquid in. She took it out and sniffed it, before dipping her finger in and licking it. It was a clear liquid like water but tasted sweet and sugary. She drank it down noticing how it soothed her throat as she did so. 

When she had finished she put it back in the hole, which promptly closed and disappeared as if it had never been there. Then there was a soft sound as a gap opened in the floor and a large bowl, almost like a toilet but without any cistern or flush mechanism, appeared. She guessed what it was for, and found herself blushing at the idea of using it when she had no idea whether anyone was watching her, but after the drink she had just had, she was desperate for relief, so decided to use it anyway. 

As she finished there was suddenly a rush of warm liquid across her ass and pussy, almost like a bidet, but it didn't leave her wet. It left her smelling sweet; almost like the liquid she had drunk. When she stood up, it sank back into the floor again.

Not knowing what else to do, and still feeling a little woozy from the knock to her head, she lay on the floor again and quickly fell asleep. 

Chapter Three

When she woke next, she was feeling better. She started trying to remember all the details that had led to her capture. She remembered the noise at the door and opening it with a jug in her hand, she also remembered the noise that had disturbed her and wondered if perhaps it was this ship she had heard, for surely she was in an alien spacecraft. As she kept turning over in her mind what had happened after she opened the door she finally started to recall the strange being she had seen as she fell. 

It had been standing to one side of the door, though standing might not be the right word for it, as it didn't seem to have any legs. It had had a strange oval shaped body, with tentacles at the bottom that held it up off the ground; it also had more tentacles further up where arms would be on a human. She tried to remember exactly how many of these she had seen, but it had been too quick a look to recall clearly. However she did remember that it had two strange eyes, almost like a cat's, near the top of its body, while just below there was a slit she presumed was its nose and what appeared to be a mouth below that. It had been a dark colour, but with it being night outside and only getting a quick glimpse, Sue wasn't sure which one.

As she lay there wondering what the alien had in store for her, she suddenly realised that she was now naked. It had been so warm in the room that she hadn't at first noticed but when she did, she surged up and tried to cover herself as best she could. She looked around frantically for anything she could use as a cover, but the room was as bare as it had been the first time she awoke.

Sue was starting to get really scared about what the alien's plans were when she heard a soft noise by the door. She looked over to find the alien staring at her; it almost seemed to be smiling as it watched her trying desperately to cover her large chest and her cunt at the same time. This served to turn Sue's fear to anger. "What the fuck are you looking at?" she shouted, "What do you want from me? I demand you release me, I want to go home right now" The alien just seemed to smile even more, its lips turning further up as though amused by her indignation. 

"What are you smiling for" she screamed at it, "I want some clothes now, you pervert." 

At that, the smile disappeared from the aliens face. It touched something on the wall outside and then entered the room. It came right up to her, gliding almost, on the tentacles at the bottom of its body. When it reached her, it slapped her across the face, before saying in a slightly accented voice "you will cease with this noise, or you will be punished. We intend to keep you for our pleasure until we have no further use for you, at which point we will sell you on to another. If you behave, we will treat you well, but if you don't you will find that there are many ways to torture a human without leaving any damage. After all, we wouldn't want to reduce the price we will ask for you when we sell you on."

Sue gasped; she couldn't believe what the alien had just said. Use her for pleasure! How? After all other than the four tentacles at the bottom of its body, and the eight different length ones around the torso, it didn't seem to have any other equipment. Just what did it expect her to do with it? As for selling her on, how dare it think she would meekly accept being sold like a slave? 

She raised her hand, about to slap it and tell it exactly what she thought of it, when it grabbed her arm with one of its upper tentacles. She realised it had little suction cups on it, almost like an octopus. As she tried to take her hand away, she felt something come out from the suckers and burn into her skin. She screamed in pain, afraid that despite what it had said, she was losing the skin on her arm. It felt like she imagined acid would, as though it was eating away at her arm, but when the alien released her and she looked down at her arm, there was nothing to be seen.

"As I warned you" it said "if you misbehave we will punish you, but if you are good, we will ensure that you are kept well tended, and ensure that you receive as much pleasure as us when we fuck you." 

Not wanting to feel anything like the pain she had just endured, Sue turned her face up to the alien and replied that she would try to behave. It smiled at her before telling her that although its name was unpronounceable in her language, she could call him Sam. He informed her that there were two others on board his ship, but as captain he would be the main one to enjoy her charms. The others would expect however, to have their turns fucking her, though any time they spent with her would be overseen by him, as they were both young and might get a little rough as lust carried them away.

Once he had finished informing her of his expectations, he pushed a button that was on a sash round his body. From the floor a table like structure began to emerge. "Lay down" he told her. Not seeing any way in which she could refuse him, Sue did as she was told. To her surprise, although it looked hard, the table, like the walls and floor of her room, was soft. Once she was settled on her back, Sam came towards her. She watched him approach and realised that his colour was a very dark blue, so dark he was almost black.

He reached the table and stood looking at her for a moment before one of his tentacles ran lightly over her body. She flinched, thinking that he would hurt her again, but to her surprise, although she felt something wet coming out of his tentacle as he ran it from her neck to her thigh, she only felt a pleasant warmth. "I said it wouldn't hurt if you behaved" Sam said, smiling down at her, whilst he continued to stroke and explore her body. 

Sue started to feel warmth in places he hadn't touched. His tentacle was tracing such a delicate path over her body, it felt almost like fingers running up and down her. She had always loved the feeling of fingers trailing over her, and it was no different now, she realised as her body slowly started to respond to Sam's delicate ministrations. She found herself arching her back as he came near her breasts, hoping he would touch them as they were starting to feel heavy and needy. 

As though he could read her mind, he bought another of his tentacles to her breast with the first one and started to rub them, while suckling her nipples with the suckers. She cried out as she arched into his touch, never having felt anything quite so wonderful before, hoping he would keep on touching her. He obliged, but then she felt another couple of his tentacles pushing at her thighs. Looking down her body, she realised he had climbed onto the table with her and was using his lower tentacles to part her legs for his body to fit between. 

As she opened them for him, she noticed four new tentacle like items appearing from near the middle of his body. As she watched they grew in length and thickness. Three stopped at about 12 inches long and maybe 4 inches wide, whilst the fourth continued to lengthen, until it was long enough to reach her head, though it stayed about as thick as the others, looking at it as it got closer to her face, it looked like a man's cock, but was a lot more flexible.

The sight of these new tentacles had Sue starting to feel afraid again, but Sam chose that moment to kiss her. Before she knew what he was about, he had covered her mouth with his and had pushed his tongue as far in as he could. He started to push his tongue in and out, almost as if he were fucking her mouth with it. As he did, more of the fluid that had been coming from his tentacles came out of some glands at the base of his tongue. Whatever the fluid was it had Sue burning up with lust in no time. She could no longer focus on what had scared her; she only wanted more of the fluid.

Sam took her wrists and placed them above her head, where he anchored them with one of his tentacles, then started to explore her body more fully. His longest cock started to push at Sue's mouth, demanding entrance. She opened her lips and let him in; he started to rock it back and forth, pushing further into her mouth each time until he reached her throat. He paused for a moment, seeing what her response would be. When she opened her jaw wider and tried to swallow, he shoved down even further, liking the feel of his cock in her tight throat, feeling it spasm around him as she swallowed and breathed through her nose. He began to slowly withdraw, pulling out to the tip before plunging back in. He started up a steady rhythm, pulling back, then pushing forward over and over, fucking her throat like he planned to with her pussy.

Sue was really starting to enjoy herself, though she had never had anything this big in her mouth before, she had always loved sucking guys off. The feeling of powerlessness was also helping to make her horny. No guy had ever held her down whilst fucking her throat and she was coming to realise she liked it. As she got more and more into what Sam was doing, she felt something starting to probe at her pussy lips. It moved up and down, finding the juices that had started to leak from her, before rubbing round and round her clit. The pressure was just right and very soon, she was on the brink of a major orgasm. Just before she crested though, the pressure disappeared. She moaned around the cock in her throat, but soon felt the push of another of his cock like tentacles at her entrance. 

She started to worry maybe he was too thick for her, but slowly, slowly, with the aid of her own moisture, he started to push in. He moved back and forth, steadily getting deeper and deeper in to her pussy. He reached her womb, and she thought surely he would stop there, but he pushed past the entrance making her squirm uncomfortably, before he finally bottomed out. 

Realising she seemed to be in a little discomfort, he used one of the shorter tentacles from the top of his body to start playing with her clit again, while remaining still as she got used to the feeling of him being deeper inside her than anyone had ever before been. When she started to squirm in pleasure again, he slowly withdrew before pushing all the way back in again. When she only responded with a low moan of delight at the feeling, he started to fuck her with quick hard strokes.

'This feels amazing' thought Sue, as she once again started to near her peak, 'just a little more...' and then she was tumbling into the most intense orgasm of her life. Sam kept up the pace of his cocks throughout her climax, which kept it going far longer than any she had had before. As she slowly came down from the peak, she realised that another of his cocks had started to probe at her ass. Realising it would only hurt more if she were to tense up, she tried to relax, but found it difficult as this was something she had never tried before. However after a short time of probing, Sam collected some of the moisture that had leaked from her pussy during her orgasm and used it to lubricate her ass and his cock, before once again pushing at her entrance.

Suddenly the head of his cock pushed in and she felt a tight, almost burning pain. Sam stayed still for a short while till the movement of his other cocks started to relax her again, and she got used to the feeling of having a cock in her ass. Once he felt her relax he swiftly pushed all the way in, which considering his length, meant he got very deep indeed. Sue would have screamed at the feeling of invasion, if she could have made a sound round the cock that was still fucking her mouth. It felt like he was in her bowels, so deep had he gone. 

Before she could get fully used to the feel of him so deep, he started to fuck her ass in rhythm with his fucking of her other holes. She could feel the way her ass and pussy stretched each time he pulled back, almost to the tip, before plunging deep back in again, rubbing the wall between her two holes as he did so. Then he started taking it in turns to pull one cock back as he pushed the other in, causing a delightful sensation to start from all the places he was rubbing. 

It was as she started to relax and enjoy herself that she remembered he still had another cock that wasn't doing anything. As if waiting for her to realise this, Sam bought his fourth cock up to her ass and started to push it into her too. Sue started to struggle, fearing that he would rip her apart, it was just too much, surely she couldn't possibly stretch that much. 

Sam looked down at her and growled, "Be still, or else you will have another taste of the pain you felt earlier." 

Scared, Sue fell quiet and felt him push slowly and painfully into her already stretched hole. It was excruciating, all the previous lubrication seemed to have dried up, and she felt raw from the chafing, but as he slowly started to move in and out she felt some moisture coming from his cocks. As she had noticed before, this liquid seemed to relax her and turn her on. No longer did it feel so painful having two cocks up her ass, but instead was beginning to feel exquisite. 

Sam realised that she was now fully opened to him and started to fuck her in earnest, at each stroke he slammed all the way into her, over and over, he seemed to have limitless energy and just kept going for what seemed hours to Sue. It was now feeling so good however, that she was in an almost permanent state of orgasm. 

With all his cocks now in one or other of her holes, she started to notice that not only did they plunge in and out, but also writhed whilst inside her. It felt almost like having large snakes inside her. They kept running over her g-spot, while rubbing across each other through the wall between her ass and pussy. The ones in her ass started twining round each other, feeling like one very strange shaped cock rather than two. This feeling was unlike anything she was used to, but oh boy did it feel good.
