 Sometimes it rains inside my head
All the words run dry
Walls are breathing hands are reaching up
To touch my thigh
No, they don't have to take you away
No, they don't have to take you away
No, they don't have to take you away

I reach out and smack the alarm clock, even though I really like that song. I take a deep breath and exhale slowly. Let's get this show on the road. I start wiggling my toes, ok, that works, flex the muscles in my legs, yep good to go; I already know my arms and hands work. Sighing once more, I open my eyes to the sun filtering in my window.

I feel a shifting at my feet. Looking down I spot...Azrael - holy shit is that Azrael? She looks different, just sitting there at the foot of the bed, almost like one of those gargoyles you see on old buildings, just much more demonic. Her wings are spread open and her ears seem longer, more pointed. Her face is much more angular, as well as some bony ridges over her eyes. She's crouched down, with her breasts squeezed between her arms, making them look bigger than their already substantial size. All in all she's still beautiful, just not what I went to bed with.

She watches me for a few moments, and then starts crawling her way up the bed and over my body real slowly, her tail waving in the air. Wait - tail... that's new, it's totally prehensile and waving lazily back and forth, and there's a very very nasty looking spade shaped barb at the end.

"Hey Azrael, umm what are you doing?"

She doesn't say anything and the quiet is a bit unnerving, as I try to lean up on my elbows to get a better look at what's going on. I'm not even half way up when her hand shoots out, grabbing me by the neck and pushing me back down, her face close to mine, and I swear to sweet baby Jesus that I hear her growling. The look in her eyes is just... I don't know. It reminds me of when long ago I went to the zoo with my dad, there was a big male lion that had just got in and they had a big to do about his feeding. He and Azrael had the same look ... right before he ripped the attendant to shreds.

Azrael takes one of those taloned hands and drags it down then back up my body, until she cups the side of my face in her palm. She doesn't break the skin, but it's only through her effort, and the trails she leaves let me know either I'm really really ashy and need lotion, or she's being very delicate and can tear me apart with little effort. She brings her face to my neck and places it in her mouth.

She doesn't bite me, but I could feel her fangs on either side, her tongue lazily caressing my skin and the heat of her breath as it blows against the moist surface of my neck. She kind of scents me, slowly bringing her nose and tongue down my body, setting it on fire.

I'm already suffering from morning wood, but now I think I could hammer a nail with my dick. Azrael's long tongue caresses my chest, my stomach, and works her way down lower, totally skipping my dick. She then takes her long tongue and licks my sack, bringing her nose under it, sniffing me again and I swear I hear her growl louder.

Her long tongue proves to be just as prehensile as her tail, as she wraps it around my dick, and I do mean wrap. It is strong and warm and seems to stroke me slowly, before she takes me completely in her mouth. This is, for lack of a better word, amazing; she's both jacking me off with her tongue while completely in her mouth. Her movements are aggressive and independent of each other, her tongue rising while her head falls and sucks me in while still massaging me with her throat whenever she takes me deep. I'm in no way an oral sex aficionado but this has to be something next level.

I glance down and see her movements through the dark silken hair. I try to rise up again to get a better look, and her hand once again grabs my neck me and pushes me back down, this time letting go of my dick with a loud slurp. She moves her hips and legs to straddle my lower leg and starts slowly moving her hips. I feel how hot and wet she is, as she starts bringing her body up mine leaving a glistening trail of her arousal in passing.

She's over me, rubbing her wetness into my dick slowly, while rubbing her breasts against my chest. I feel her tongue, once again licking at my nipples, then working its way up my neck, then licking my lips. The way her tongue moves is sensuous, sending the fire in my body soaring. Then I realize it is not my whole body that is burning, just on my chest, where she keeps licking.

I look down and see raised skin, kind of like a brand of one large crescent over a smaller inverted crescent. It reminds me of that band A Perfect Circle. As her tongue licks over the mark, the burning intensifies, as it seems to change, like its silver molded into the brand itself, or a metal poured in as a liquid and then hardened. I try to reach over to touch it, but Azrael grabs my wrists and holds them up against the headboard. She just stares at me, then brings her face down as if she's going to kiss me; instead I feel her slide her wet vulva along my dick and all at once I'm inside her.

She's hotter than any woman I have ever been with. Her temperature must be well above normal and I am surprised neither of us is bursting into flames... or better yet why I am not feeling any discomfort. All I feel is pleasure as she moves, and frustrated that I cannot move with her. It just seems like she's having sex and I'm just lucky to be there. I don't know why, but it starts me thinking of all the women who have used me for their own ends.

I try to move with her and she thrusts down harder, almost painfully so, until I stop. I try to move my hands and she holds me back down, letting out that growling sound. I might not be the sharpest knife in the drawer, but I know she just wants me to lay there. I'm starting to get really pissed off and Azrael just keeps getting faster. Her talons drag from my wrist to my chest, leaving raised red skin in their wake until her hands are on my chest, her talons kneading me like a cat. Her breath starts coming in quick pants, and I see a shudder pass through her body.

The burning sensation in my chest keeps growing, it's so much worse than it was last night, and Azrael keeps riding me. It's all too much; the burning, the sex, everything. I open my mouth to scream, but Azrael lips cover my own, swallowing my breath. This is bullshit, she's even taking that from me.

This is the story of my life, someone just taking from me and screwing me. I just feel the heat boil over. Well fuck them, fuck them all. Fuck Azrael, coming here upending my life. I have enough problems, I don't need this shit. And Fuck Samantha, that bitch was supposed to keep her damn legs closed, but she broke promise after promise. Fuck Leslie Richards, we were in third grade, that is not the time to break a boy's heart. Most of all fuck Barbra Twumasi. I needed you but you left us. You had to die and I needed you mom.

The rage just flows and I don't know where it's coming from. Until this moment I never thought that way about my mother, and hell, I have not thought about Leslie in so long I can't remember her face. I just can't stop being angry though, and you know what, I have had a fucking enough of this.

I raise my hands and Azrael tries to grab me again, but I grab her instead and roll her over. She is quickly upon her knees, trying to get away from me, back to the foot of the bed, but I am on her too fast. I snatch her by the back of her head and force her down on the bed, and find myself thrusting inside her fully on the first stroke, no teasing, no intimacy, just brutally pounding away.

I have never been like this before, there have been other women before Samantha, but I have always strived to be I guess what you would call a considerate lover. Not this time though. This time I'm using her. She tries to get up, and I savagely push her back down. I just pound away at her. Her tail wraps around my waist very tightly, her arms flailing at her sides, her wings flapping uselessly. I hear her grunting, I don't know whether it's pain or pleasure, but right now I don't care.

I just continue to pound at her and feel the tail tightening around me even more, and her body goes totally rigid I feel her pussy flutter around my cock. She tries to collapse on the bed but I won't let her. I wrap the silk cascade that is her hair around my hand and grab her hip with the other, lifting her back into a kneeling position. She is limp and I thrust into her, over and over, her grunts and little mewling sounds just driving me on. The heat is burning, it is taking over everything, and all I can think about is how angry I am until finally I feel it. The release is fast and once more I feel her walls flutter around me, and her body goes rigid, while I empty everything I have into her.

This time we both collapse on the bed, Azrael still shaking curls herself into somewhat of a fetal position, her tail between her legs. I'm laying on the bed out of breath; holy shit I am out of shape. I feel like I have run a marathon. I glance over to see Azrael on her side, her wings wrapped around her. She looks sleepy, except she's still shaking. I want to reach out and touch her, and really is there supposed to be something I should say. If so what is it? Saying something like "Hey, sorry about what happened but you started it" does not seem right or "Are you Ok?" just feels inadequate.

I reach for her, but just can't bring myself to touch her. I have never been like this before and the guilt sets in hard. Instead I get out of bed, or at least attempt to. My legs feel like wet noodles. I use the furniture to help myself along while I make my way to the bathroom. I turn on the cold water tap in the sink and start splashing my face. The contact with the water reminds me I have yet to take my morning piss, so that's the next task on my agenda. While washing my hands I take a look at myself in the full length mirror. I feel so different and so much has happened I try to look for any physical changes.

Standing bare ass naked in front of the mirror I take inventory. Still have hair that when short most would confuse me for Hispanic and when grown out would be a terrible afro. Still not the world's tallest guy. Still chest covered in tattoos and one strange marking. I feel the skin around the symbol for the first time and notice I'm wrong; it feels like the skin is depressed and whatever it is was placed inside then healed over. It looks pretty cool to be honest. I still have the gut that is not getting any smaller. Once again I tell myself I need to use some of the gym equipment I have in the house, but know that I will come up with an excuse why I won't. My dick is the same as it ever was, in fact nothing looked different. I just feel different, maybe it's just knowing how strange things had become. I jump in the shower to wash off the last few days of crazy, holy hell has it only been three days?

I come out of the bathroom and Azrael is still on the bed, but the shaking has stopped. I hear soft snoring from her, which makes me smile. Sometimes she seems so normal - well if you get past the wings, tail, talons, weird feet - ok no she's in no way shape or form normal, but I guess she's mine and I can smile about what I want. I go and look in the drawers, there is underwear, socks, shirts, all folded so neatly, not even my old drill Instructor would find a flaw. All my jeans are hung up in the closet, all facing the same way. Whoever did this probably has OCD, this shit is not normal but hey I'll take it. Dressed as I ever get, I drape the comforter over Azrael and quietly leave the room.

It is still strange looking around my house; it all feels weird being clean and, well, different. With so many changes it seems like I cannot put my finger on just one. I make my way downstairs and it is quiet. The kitchen is spotless, and all signs of the lunch/dinner I made yesterday are gone. I feel the rumble in my belly letting me know it's past time and I have put forth too much exertion without tending to it.

Well, there is Ashley and Azrael to consider, so I decide to go big breakfast. Lord knows Ashley can put away the vittles, but come to think of it I never really saw Azrael eat. The thoughts of that night come unbidden to my mind, the chewed on bodies and I get a shiver down my spine. I am just going to assume Azrael can eat a lot and that she has a taste for meat. I'm thinking some pancakes, hash browns, and bacon & eggs maybe. Hell, I will even cut up some fruit. Then it dawns on me I don't know if I even have any of that shit, it is not like Samantha did any shopping and I sure was not going to cook for her. I look into the fridge - yep fully stocked. Checking the cupboards and pantry shows the same... damn I could feed an army with all this. Or me for a week.

I put on the kettle and soon sounds and smells that have been gone for too long are going through the house. I am plating the first set of food when I hear the pitter patter of feet coming down stairs. Without turning around I am about to greet Ashley with some food.

"Hey Ashley I appreciate all the work you guys did, how the hell did you get it done in one day? The house looks great."

Only when I turn around it is not Ashley, but a very sleepy looking Dr. Koshka. I just got out of bed from a wild sex romp with a succubus, but something about her has a instant effect on me, seeing how stunning she is. Her eyes are puffy from sleep, she's wearing a white tank top with a teddy bear on it and a pair of little boy shorts with lace at the top and around the leg. Her long red hair is in disarray. I'm so busy staring at her, I don't hear as she mumbles something, reaches up and grabs a cup out of my cabinet, and makes herself some tea. It's when my brain starts working. Well, the one on my shoulders starts kicking in gear. I wonder how she knows where everything is. She goes in a cabinet and pulls out some coffee filters and a bag of grounds.

I am about to say something when Ashley comes downstairs in a similar state of undress, except she's wearing full boxer shorts. She steals a piece of bacon of a plate and goes in the fridge, getting herself some orange juice.

"Hey Lada where's the coffee?" Ashley asks as she pulls out the syrup. Dr. Koshka, somewhat more coherent just calls back.

"I'm just now making it, give me five minutes."

A picture is starting to form of what is going on, but when and how I still don't have a clue. I do know I need to put a stop to it right fucking now though. I put the rest of the food on some plates, setting a large one aside for Azrael, and making myself a pretty substantial one as well, then I turn to Dr. Koshka.

"Ok Doc what the fuck is going on?" She looks like she is about to say something but I cut her off.

"She is seventeen fucking years old. Can't you find someone your own age. Look, I have no problem who you do it with, that's totally your business, but leave her alone ok, she has had a hard enough life."

The good Dr. is speechless for a bit and I feel a push from behind.

"Chris what the fuck does that mean? You think I can't take care of myself?" Ashley looks like a little blond ball of fury.

"Look Ashley, I just think there are people your own age you should be having relationships or whatever with. Think this through, at least don't this shit in my house."

Ashley looks sad for a moment.

"Chris I thought you of all people would support me. After what you said at the shop, I thought you would understand and that I could be who I am around you."

Dammit, the day had started out so well. I know I could handle this better, maybe chose better words. It hits me Ashley is thinking I have a problem with her and the Dr because they are both women. I facepalm myself and grab Ashley by the arm as she tries to leave.

"Ashley it is not that you are with another woman ... I mean I don't like the idea of you having sex in my house, it just feels wrong. But it is that Dr. Koshka is so much older than you. I just think you need someone who ... I don't know, I just don't think, you know what fuck it."

I hear more commotion from upstairs. This time it's Azrael, and I thank all the stars in heaven for something to break the Awkwardness. As she comes down stairs it seems the world stops, she's in her human form, wearing the black and red chemise top with some French cut panties, that somehow accentuate her delectable hips and ass, and when she stretches her body all of us stop and stare. Azrael looks around and sees the big spread of food on the counter, me holding Ashley by the arm and Dr. Koshka looking like a deer in the headlights. She comes over, grabs Dr. Koshka and kisses her deep – no, kiss would be much to tame, this is a full on make out session.

At first Dr. Koshka seems surprised, then she wraps her arms around the tall succubus as Azrael lifts her on the counter. They keep kissing as Dr. Koshka's legs spread and wrap around Azrael, and as their hands cup each others breasts, Azrael grabs a handful of that beautiful red hair and pulls Dr. Koshka's head back, then proceeds to kiss her neck. Soon it's over, and once again my pants are much too tight for their own good. Azrael places the small woman back down and walks over to pick up her food off the counter. She then comes up and kisses me. I think I am still in a state of shock is so I just go with it, reveling in the joy that is a succubus kiss, not even caring if she makes me black out again.

"Master you have made a mistake." She then nods her head at Dr. Koshka. "Master that one is ours."

She then smiles at me and makes her way to the table, and I am standing there, still holding Ashley by the arm, feeling like the worlds biggest jackass. I look at Ashley, the look on her face says a little I'm sorry is not going to cut it. I am about to open my mouth when another girl peeks out around the wall. What the fuck, am I running a sorority here or something? The girl is like an Asian pixie doll so stereotypical I wanted to call bullshit she could not be real.

"Ashley have you said anything to him yet?" the girl says a little nervously. I see she is in a long shirt I would recognize anywhere. It's my shirt, well one I gave to Ashley a long time ago. Fuck, this day is going to get so much better. Like a train wreck you see coming, but you know you can not look away from.

"Hey Chris this is Ivy, she is the girl I am currently banging, if you don't mind that is, since you have such a issue."

Ashley is still pissed but smirking, but young Ivy looks taken aback, not being privy to my morning blunders.

I smile at the little Asian girl.

"Hey welcome to the madhouse, food's on the counter."

Then I turn around and hug Ashley. She tries to push me away, but I'm much too strong for her and I start kissing her forehead and cheeks, making loud smacking sounds. I finally pull away and she starts wiping all the slobber off her.

"Sorry for being a dick Ashy."

She looks at me for a minute before she smiles at me.

"Fuck you Chris, you know I hate when you call me that." She kisses me on the cheek, grabs her food and puts her arm around her friend as they go sit at the table. I'm about to grab my plate when I notice that it is gone and there is very little left. I do spot a plate with half a grapefruit and some butter toast that looks suspiciously like wheat. Who the fuck eats wheat toast - you know who, communist that's who. There is also a glass of orange juice and no more hot water for tea. Shit, guess I am going to have to hit a fast food place on my way out to the shop.

I pick up the paltry plate and make my way finally out to the dining room table where all the women are talking and laughing it up. I'm about to take my usual spot on the couch and try to catch some TV before I head out, but I hear someone clearing their throat behind me. Four sets of eyes are on me, and I remember what I used to feel like when my mom stared at me to stop me from doing something stupid. I make my way over to the table and sit at the only available seat - at the head.
