 "She's going all in!"

"Oh yea, in more ways than one."

Allison gasped, chewing on her knuckles.

The screen glowed with electric sex. Kandy Kane, reigning cockqueen champion of the PFML (Pro-Fuck Mega League), was defending her title against Duchess Dee. The two were staples, huge names within the sport. The match itself had been brutally passionate so far too, both of them trading edges back and forth for nearly an hour now. 

However, as the two announcers just made point of, it was coming to its inevitable conclusion.

Kandy Kane in all of her splendor, glistening under the stage lights was pumping her pole into the hot wet honeypot of the seemingly insatiable Duchess Dee. Doggystyle. Hard. Dee was humping back in stride.

Kandy was otherwise down to just her peppermint striped leg warmers and arm sleeves while Dee's crown had fallen off a good while ago and the lace ruffles around her wrists and ankles were flared and tangled from the furiously lustful bout. Other than that, they were only in each other's sweat, spit and juices--- the result of several sessions of 69ing and plenty of rowdy grinding. 

"Come on! Just hold on a little longer! YOU GOT THIS KANDY." Alli cheered her idol on, gripping the carpet now and pulling at it as she basically humped the floor.

"It's going to come down to the wire! Both athletes are nearly about to pop!"

The frantically pulsing meters at the bottom of the screen made that as clear as the announcers did. Both competitors were obviously teetering towards climax, and likewise their defeat.

Then something incredible happened.

The champion, already mounted over Dee's round backside, slung her arms around the challenger's upper thighs. Dropping down to her own knees and pulling Dee off hers and into a kind of wheelbarrow position, she now had a new angle of attack. The cameras all zoomed in as the redheaded Kandy began to bunny hop rapidly, rabidly, speedscrewing Dee's hotpocket in a blur of bouncing bucks. 

"THIS COULD BE IT!" The announcer having to yell to be heard through Duchess Dee's uncontrollable sounds of pleasure.

Bless her foxy heart, Dee did not give up despite the tenderizing assault she was being dealt right into her squishiest of spots. The big beautiful Duchess pushed up onto her hands for leverage and attempted to thrust back. The shudders and spasms of her hips seemed to allude that it wasn't helping much. For her effort, Kandy released the hold on her upper thighs, letting her bottom half flop down onto her lap. 

All Duchess Dee had to do was get up, turn around and they'd be at it for another half-hour.

But she couldn't. 

Instead, she visibly shuddered, eyes rolling back as her puffy clam shell finally conceded to the fleshy spear snugly filling her. Her meter on the screen turned into a blur of jagged pink and frantic zig-zags as her orgasm tore through her. Grunting, groaning and moaning she gushed onto Kandy's lap leaving a puddle on the mat below. 

DING DING DING

Confetti blasted out from all sides of the stage, Kandy's theme song blaring through the stadium as the announcers made their closing remarks.

Allison was staggering, panting and squeezing at herself as she watched her hero cuddle Duchess Dee up to her face-to-face and give her an affectionate kiss then a whisper. Allison watched, nearly about to make a mess herself, but then far too curious about what was whispered. Dee smiled and kissed her back, so it probably something nice. Regardless of its content, seeing the two competitors so lovey-dovey and supportive after an intense showdown like that was making her melt.

"Well, that's all for us this afternoon at PFML. Coming up next are some great vintage exhibitions from the former Jocasta Open. Also remember to check back tonight for a recap of that stunning match we just saw and to see Hammerhead square off against his former partner Wild Clyde. This is Tammy Stevens signing off."

"And Gloria Nova about to get off."

"Have fun till next time!"

"I know I will~"

Our viewer remained transfixed to the screen. Everything in her wanted so bad to engage in some release of her own but there was a bit of a problem.

Today she was getting her Consent License. 

Although she already knew the answer, she hurriedly dashed to the kitchen table to look over the pamphlet they gave her concerning her appointment.

"...2pm... blah blah blah... survey should take... blah blah... OH! here... we request a period of at least 24 hours without any orgasms for an accurate and reliable summin... FUCK. FUCKFUCKFUCK." The brunette grumbled, bopping her head on the countertop while she humped the air futilely. 

"Ugghhhh why Kandy! Why do you have to be so fucking hot!" She cursed her idol aloud, even shaking her fists to the heavens dramatically.

With a heavy breath and an anxious twisting back and forth of her hips, she looked down to take stock of her 'situation'. Her arousal was clear, pronounced by the grey cotton bulge. Not trusting herself to give it another satisfying squeeze as she had earlier while watching, she simply held her palm over it. Heat poured from it. Radiating hotter and hotter with each needy throb.

"I should get going." Her own voice acting as a much needed reprieve from Duchess Dee's moans still echoing in her mind.

=======================

Allison Heut had been waiting for this day for as long as she'd been aware it.

Getting a Consent License was a pretty exciting event in itself. It allowed you to participate in sex recreationally---which obviously is pretty big for any horny nineteen year old. In addition to being screened for health issues, surveyed for limits and tested thoroughly on the rules of conduct, you were also registered into your local area's database.

That's what Allison wanted. Once registered, she could compete. 

She was going to college to do graphic design and that was fulfilling enough. What she really dreamed of was becoming a world-class sexfighter like Kandy Kane. It made her eyes sparkle and her dick twitch just thinking about taking the stage and squaring off in erotic combat just like her hero Kandy. The intensity and the thrill and sensuality combined to make the sport utterly enthralling to her. It wasn't like other sports where archaic scoring and strategy was repeated over and over against different sets. This was almost magical. It was primal. And what was a more perfect, amazing way to score than to make someone cum? Just thinking about it again was making her want to reach down milk herself silly.

The waiting room was probably a bad place for that.

Exhibitionism wasn't really the problem. People fucked out in open plenty, or at least given that they were in an 'Open-Play Zone'. Almost everywhere in this district was Open-Play though, thanks to the 'R'-Rating it held. Schools, a couple(not all, but a couple) of churches and a handful of parks and stores were prohibited because of children existing in these places, but otherwise anyone with a Consent License could screw in the middle of the street. They'd be fined for Jaywalking and asked to move, but the carnal act in that example would not be the issue. 

So, even though she could jack herself off in this uncomfortable barely cushioned chair, the fact that they specifically told her not to for a whole day before her appointment was pretty frustrating. 

"Ms. Heut?" 

Allison snapped to attention as the nurse with kind eyes and delicious caramel cleavage called out to her. Straightening out her skirt, Allison heaved up out of the hellish chair to follow the nurse back to the office.

"All the samples came out fine. Might need to lay off all the sodium-heavy food for a while, but that's no issue for your CL. Speaking of which, we'll be calibrating your CL-Band next and you'll be good to go."

IT WAS HAPPENING! Allison could barely contain her excitement as she bit her lip and nodded to the nurse.

"And you did abstain from any orgasms for the last 24 hours, correct?"

"Yes, ma'am." Chirped back Alli nigh-instantly. 

The nurse smiled at her obviously and poorly-repressed glee.

"Right this way Ms Heut," Opening the door for Allison. "and please have a seat on the big blue chair."

"Much comfier than the ones in waiting room." The nervous girl with a dick mused as she settled in.

"Mhmm~ Now. Do you usually orgasm through anal stimulation or by masturbating your penis?" Her voice was alluringly smooth despite the clinical verbiage being used.

"P... Penis would probably work best."

Allison knew what was about to happen. 'Calibration' was when they measured your bio-metrics as you orgasmed. Just like the meters used in the match she had just watched at home, this allowed orgasms to be detected. 

"Oh~ I'm sure it will work just fine~" The nurse commented as she idly lubed a large black plastic tube. "Now, if you could just life that adorable skirt past your hips, pull down anything you might have under it and I'll go ahead and get you all settled in."

Her heart was pounding. Thankfully the bands didn't just detect heart-rate. Endorphins, temperature, glucose levels---these things kept track of everything to hone in on a user's orgasm. 

"Catch that match earlier? Dee and Kandy?" The nurse chit-chatted casually.

"Yea."

"Fan of either of them? I know I was really rooting for Dee to pull that one out."

Skirt lifted and her panties around her ankles, Allison's already hard cock was trying to turn to steel at this point. 

"Kand-I'm a pretty fan of Kandy." Allison stuttered out, feeling the previously inactive CL-band strapped around her wrist suddenly buzz to life as it began to register her profile automatically.

"Oh, then you must be pretty pleased with how that one turned out."

The nurse was standing in front of Kandy now, that ominous black tube in one hand and a small remote in the other.

"Just relax and don't worry about holding back, Ms. Heut."

Allison nodded.

Allison then moaned the instant the tube's synthetically silky portal kissed her tip.

"Shhhh... just relax..." 

Gorgeous dark beige became her whole world as the nurse's more-than-ample chest blocked her vision. The tube was pushed down lower... lower, gradually swallowing up inch after inch until all seven were stuffed inside of the device. With twist near the base, it suddenly vacuum locked tighter around Allison's rod. 

"There we go~ Good girl~" She gave a pandering pat on Allison's head, then turned back towards the door. 

"Doctor Miller will be in momentarily toOh! Here he is now actually."

The tube was sucking her off, gulping and milking her quickly towards orgasm. When the doctor walked in, her half-lidded eyes lazily went to the pair of medical professionals. They were speaking, probably talking about her but her focus was consumed by that mechanical, insistent swallowing around her.

"I'll take it from here, Clarissa." Allison finally heard the doctor say as he sent the nurse off to prep the next in line. 

"Pop yet, Ms Heut?" He addressed her, as he took another look over a clipboard.

Allison had to clear her throat to keep from just howling back at the admittedly-Santa Claus-looking doctor. From his jolly cauldron of a belly and his rosy cheeked grin, he was a spitting image of ol'St. Nick. His beard was a darker gray, but give him another decade or two and that thing was going to be the iconic shade of snow white. 

Obviously Allison hadn't expected to have 'younger' Santa Clause ask her if she'd orgasmed yet when she first woke up today, but life is full of wonder and strange hilarious moments like this one.

"Almost..." She answered, bordering on a whine.

"Want me to drag Clarissa back in here? Drop some pens. See if she'll bend over to pick them up? Woo mama. And the way she wears those scrubs! She's even got a thing for brunettes with big dicks, you know."

Allison hissed through her teeth as the old man was obviously just teasing her. She appreciated the big dick compliment though.

"Whooooaaa down girl." He chuckled, belly rumbling like all those Christmas carols suggested it would. "So, do you have any questions?"

She opened her mouth to answer but nothing came out. Well... that's not completely true. Her cock was spewing a torrential flood of creamy white into the device. From her slack-jawed stare into space and the warm glow of bright pink coming from her CL-band bracelet, 'Doctor Claus' easily figured she was cumming and politely returned his gaze to the clipboard and waited for her to finish. 

It took a minute, rump scooting around on the seat in sweet sweet agony. 

"Better?"

"Yes."

"Questions?"

"Nope."

"Well then, we're just about done here, Ms. Heut. Just seven little pricks in your arm and you'll be released back into the wild."

"Actually I've got one question."

"Sure thing." Reply punctuated by the snap of his glove. 

"Where can I get one of these things~" Allison huffed, wiggling her hips to make reference of the tube still sucking away at her.