 Thanks still to Final Stand for his madness and Shyquash for his editing all further mistakes are mine. Please comment it is the only way I can improve. 



I am lying on my back when I come to. Azrael is on top of me kissing me still until a furious Ashley comes up behind her and hits her upside the head with a jumbo adjustable wrench knocking her off me. Ashley quickly stands over me like some mama bear protecting her cubs. She's kinda a humorous sight, this five foot three inch blond kid who cannot weight more than one hundred lbs soaking wet. She drops the wrench and grabs her knife in one hand and phone in the other. I need to put a stop to this before it gets out of hand.

I stand up and try to put my hands on Ashley's shoulders to let her know that I am ok, only to go right through her. It's like she can't feel me or like those movies where ghost could not touch the living. Ohh shit, don't let me be dead. I look down and yep my body is still on the ground. I know that I'm not dead because I'm doing my rendition of the Harlem Shake. My body flops like a fish out of water, well if that fish was lying in a puddle with an electric current in it. Well, I guess I am not dead.

"Bitch what the fuck did you do to him? Come any closer to him and I will cut your skank ass."

Ashley's pissed like I have not seen her in a long time. If I'm not dead, why can't I touch her. Azrael rebounds quickly, coming up and towering over Ashley.

"He is fine little one, just the transfer is affecting him in a ... strange way."

Ashley's not listening at all, she's already on the phone with 911 calling an ambulance. So here I am, with my thumb up my ass, Ashley freaking out and Azrael being held at knife point. This day seems to be really going well.

"Human, understand he will be fine and he needs me close to him now" Azrael starts moving towards me. She doesn't make it far before Ashley stabs her twice where her liver would be, just like I taught her. 

"You sarding cunt" screams Azrael as she changes.

Soon Ashley is confronted by a very pissed off Azrael, wings spread, her claws out but she seems not to be able to move. Like something is holding her from attacking Ashley. She lets out this roar and I can feel how pissed off she is.

"Ohh Fuck what are you?"

Ashley looks scared but she doesn't not move away from me.

"I am his wife and as you are his child. You will listen to me."

Before it could get any worse here come the sirens. Azrael starts changing back to her human form. The effort brings her to her knees but she seems healed afterwards, the knife wound completely gone. Her clothes though are a wash, the shirt is ripped and her jeans torn where her legs and feet have changed. She quickly grabs her jacket and zips it, her tits squeezed together very nicely I must say. Way hotter than one of those pretentious Abercrombie and Fitch ads you see.

As the EMT's come in to do what they can for my flopping body, I get to take a look outside and it's not what I expected. I quickly walk past them and out the open door, although it's not past, I walk right through them. Now that is disconcerting, it doesn't feel anything different than walking to the fridge for that half gallon of Ben and Jerry's at two in the morning.

Instead of seeing bayou or a parking lot or any of the other things I expect to see, it's just a blasted landscape. It's a desert with nothing around me, just my shop and then nothing. Soon the paramedics have me out the door and it looks like they went out my shop into nothing. When they lift my body into what I assume it's the back of the ambulance, it becomes a shape. It was not there one second and then there it is. Being away from my body is not the world's best idea I surmise, so I quickly try to get back in.

They have me strapped down and I'm still flopping. I notice that both Azrael and Ashley are in the back, which I guess is odd. I thought only one person could ride in the back, at least that is the way it is in the movies, but this is not the movies but an odd situation, to say the least. The medics are working feverishly sticking things in me speaking med speak and doing their thing.

Ashley has such a sad look. She reminds me of when I found her all those years ago, huddled in a corner of my shop. I lean forward to try to comfort her, totally forgetting that I can not touch a damn thing.

"Please don't die Chris, don't you fucking leave me."

She just keeps repeating it over and over. I know that if I do live through this she's going to kick my ass... hell I might just let her. Azrael is sitting back, watching the medics work. She rolls her eyes and is about to say something when Ashley snatches her back without even looking at her.

"I will fucking stab you if you let one word come out of your mouth bitch. Let them do what they have to, you hear me. I will fucking gut you."

Azrael looks at Ashley for a second and then just sits back. I swear that I see a little smile cross her face.

Something compels me to look out the window and instead of a vast expanse of nothing I see a grass plain. It is beautiful and I can feel the sun on my face and lean down and touch the grass. I am in no way the outdoors type, but I can appreciate the beauty, until it dawns on me that I am no longer in the ambulance. Well my body may be, but I am no longer with it.

Shortly after a piercing scream followed by a loud cacophony of noise follows. Of course I have to be the white guy in a horror movie and go towards the chaotic sound; my mother is probably rolling over in her grave. The sight that greets me can only be called something out of a movie directors wet dream.

It is a battle. Not a normal battle where there's guns and bombs and artillery. No, this is some shit straight out of that movie Kingdom of Heaven or Troy. Vast armies colliding axe, sword, and bow against shield. Some of the combatants have wings, some don't but all look the same, to the point that I cannot tell who's against whom. I walk closer to the battle, the warriors moving through me as if I'm not there, and that suits me fine. I continue moving through the field noticing how none were given quarter. There is no mercy asked or offered and no one runs from the field. This is totally different then what I have seen of combat. More as if two fanatical factions met, instead of proper soldiers.

I keep walking and somewhere around the middle of the melee a tall woman with wings is handing out asswhippings like Halloween candy. She's huge, over seven feet tall and clad in some glowing armor. She has large wings out her back, but not like Azrael's, no these were feathered and white as a dove's. Her features are striking, golden skin with hair the color of obsidian in a high pony tail. On her head is some weird metal piece, I think it's called a circlet.

She wields two axes with blades on both sides of one end. Now I wish I would have paid attention when my grandpa was trying to teach me about all that old weaponry and shit. The edges of the axes glow white like the inlays of her armor. She wades into groups and slaughters without compunction heads, limbs, whatever she can reach to cut. Not even her enemy's armor or shields stand in her way.

What's really shocking is that it's no secrete how she's wiping out her opponents yet they still come against her in droves and she shows no sign of slowing down either. She bellows a challenge as the next group comes upon her, and they meet the same fate as the first except one guy. He's smaller than her, had no wings and his armor did not glow. He also wears a mask of some sort, almost like those guys from the 300 movie. She swings down on him and he turns it away with his shield. Not blocking it, just redirecting her swing but she quickly follows up with her other axe swung in a tight arc that will surely remove his head from his shoulders. The guy just brings this short handled hammer, like from the Thor movie, and deflects her blow quickly, head butting her before she can recover again and knocks her to the ground.

As soon as she hits the ground she rolls from the incoming hammer strike that would have demolished her beautiful face. Instead of getting to her feet, she brings up her fist, smashing on his wrist and making him drop the hammer. She's quickly on her feet and the guy tries to put some distance between her and him.

She's quickly upon him, ripping the shield out of his hands and ripping his mask away. Then she's kissing him. I look around and see that the fighting has not ebbed at all, it is really like the last battle of some film. I look back to the woman and she's on top of the guy, his armor ripped away hers discarded. She has him by the throat while she mounts him, her head back, her top only modestly covered by an opaque white sheathe. Her wings flutter in time with her rise and fall. It reminds me of a book I read a number of years ago where they described sex as taking your pleasure. Well, this woman is definitely taking her pleasure. The man under her is swinging his arms, trying to knock her off, to no avail. When she climaxes she screams and I don't think her living dildo was far behind her, the way his body tenses and with a quick jerk of her hand his neck is broke.

I'm so shocked I fall on my ass and the world shifts around me. I'm in the hospital and I notice Ashley talking to someone. Azrael is nowhere to be seen. That actually worries me. There is no telling what kind of trouble she can get into without some sort of supervision. I start walking around, trying to see if I can find her. I have no real clue where I'm going. I make it a point to avoid hospitals after my mother passed. They always freaked me out and if more people thought about how many people actually died in hospitals it would freak them out too.

I don't know how it happens but soon I find Azrael sitting with a woman. The woman is middle age, kinda plain or maybe it is the crying and sobbing. Azrael has her arm wrapped around the woman and is whispering things in her ear. Soon the woman just smiles at her and Azrael stands, pulling her up and they make their way to an unoccupied room and close the door.

"Ohh shit please don't let her be doing what I think she is"

I quickly follow through the closed door, which is still fucking weird. Azrael has the woman's sweater and bra over her breast as she kisses her on the neck. The woman head leans back and she's arching her back to put her breast into Azrael's hands. The succubus nimble fingers are working the woman's nipple while her other hand is doing something the woman obviously likes under her jeans.

"Please" The woman says breathlessly. It looks like she wants to say more, but Azrael quickly kisses her quiet again. This really sucks, every time Azrael kisses me something happens, but she can kiss this woman and she is not in a coma.

"Shhh my pet let me take care for you"

I have to admit, Azrael certainly lives up to the succubus name. Or maybe not, I really don't know shit about succubus, or is itsuccubi? I don't know anything about her kind but I do know she has this woman wrapped around her finger. Or to be more accurate the woman's vagina is wrapped around her fingers. She continues touching the woman, sometimes gentle sometimes aggressive,and the woman just begins quaking. It last several moments and Azrael kisses her one more time.

"Forget my pet forget and let your troubles go."

The woman is still breathing as Azrael stands up and licks her fingers clean.

"Master did you enjoy the show? If I knew you were watching I would have chosen a more attractive playmate."

Azrael knows I am here. Awesome, maybe she can get me back into my body or at least tell me what she did. There might be a light at the end of this tunnel finally.

"Azrael over here...what the fuck did you do to me."

Azrael says nothing and it dawns on me that she's not looking at me or even in my direction.

"Not enough," she mumbles to herself.

She then looks down at the woman whose clothes are still in disarray.

"If I take more from you, master will not be happy. He may already be displeased with me, I am loathe to make him more so."

She then spins around and walks through me to the center of the room.

"Master I cannot hear or see you, my powers are much too weak."

With that she walks through the door. I follow her and instead of the hospital I'm in a stone hall. There is no harsh incandescent light, it's torches all along the wall. I walk down and it dawns on my that I am not falling through the floor. I can see stairs leading down at the end of the hall, so I know I must be on at least the second floor but I am not falling through. I try to kick one of the walls and my leg goes right through the stone, but when I put my foot down nothing happens. I guess I will chalk this up to another act of random craziness.

I walk down the hall and coming up the stairs I hear some noise like glass on glass. I walk through the door and I'm shocked. There it is Azrael, sitting on a small table. Beside that is a larger table, mostly filled with beakers and glassware that you would see in a chemist lab. She's wearing the same tunic and belt but it seems in much better repair.

"Master I am bored"

I am about to say something when a guy walks through me. He is tall, with dark hair and eyes. He's carrying some powder. I also notice that she's not speaking English nor this is Gaelic. I heard my father and grandfather speak it all the time and never could understand it. I wonder why I do now.

"Master won't you come and play with me just for a bit?" Azrael says as she starts rubbing her nipples with one hand then teasingly traces her fingers down until they are between her legs but still under the tunic.

"Master it will be worth your while." she says as she comes over and starts rubbing her wet fingers along his lips. He sucks her fingers clean then pushes her away.

"Dammit Gylu, I will tend to you in a moment. Show patience and I will unleash you on all those fools who call themselves the learned of Kilkeny. They believe that science and magic are two coins distinct and separate, one to be removed from thought and history. But they are wrong so wrong my dear, they are the same coin with different sides."

Ohh well, when I look closer I see differences between Azrael and her. Her wings are larger, the claws on top of the spines are pitch black. Her eyes are black with no irises and her legs look disjointed, almost like a dog's hind legs.

As the guy is going through his spiel, Gylu just lays back. Obviously she has heard this before and did not care. That is another thing I now noticed about Azrael. She seems to want to know about every little thing and seems to be interested when I talk to her about something. But then I have known her for less than 24 hours, so maybe it is just that everything is new to her.

Soon another demonic creature joins. More powerfully built than any other I have seen, her stomach is hugely distended and she's ass naked. Her red skin and horns remind me of what I always assumed demonic creatures would look like.

"Harlot, leave the Master be."

The Master smiles at the newcomer and pats her stomach.

"Hold Beleth, my dear. Gylu simply is a creature of her nature as are you." He then looks at her, putting her face in his palm in of one hand and caressing one of her horns with the other.

"My love, our Anna grows strong, she will no longer let me rest."

Beleth takes the mans hand that cups her face and brings it to her belly. Gylu comes behind the lovers that seem to have only eyes for each other for the moment.

"Master I want one as well. You will gift me with child won't you?"

Before he could answer there's a commotion, as some guys with swords run up the stairs and flood the halls. Some are dressed in Knight style plate armor, some in simple chain mail and tunic, but none of it can save them.

The demon called Gylu tears through them and their armor as if it is tinfoil. I am sure they would have put up a good fight but she's so fast that before any could even speak they are dying. She rips out throats and dismembers limbs with ease. She snatches one warrior's sword in one hand and the arm that's holding it with the other ripping both from the warrior, then commences to beat on the warriors with her newly acquired weapons. Two knights who's armor is covered by a white tabard with a red cross come up the stairs. As Gylu tries to assault them, both Knights say something in a language that sounds like Latin, or maybe Italian, I don't know, never was big on the romance languages. Whatever they say has both Beleth and Gylu on their knees covering their ears screaming and moaning. The knights come closer and closer when a friar comes up behind them.

"Eoghan mac Concobhair, you silly bastard. You truly thought that you could summon demons and hide from the church... on your own estates no less."

The friar then looks at the state of Beleth.

"I guess if you had time to summon two of these devil spawn and make one so heavy with child you might have ample cause to think you would escape our notice."

Eoghan just stands back looking in fear, as the knights come forward still chanting and the friar close behind.

"Surrender yourself to the mercy of the church while your soul may be saved. You have no options and no escape."

The friar kicks Gylu in the ribs but it seems to barely register to her.

"Your foul magics cannot work here. This place is holy as long as the brothers of the Poor Knights of Christ..."

He does not get to finish what he's saying. Eoghan lights some of the powder and tosses it at the three. The explosion is not m67 grenade worthy, mostly just smoke and sound, but shocks me enough that I'm falling back while Eoghan runs towards the stairs grabbing both demons by the arm.

I fall through the wall from the second story, and land beside my bed in the hospital. I stand up, looking around, checking out the machines that I am hooked to and can't touch. I am still shaking and flopping around within the restraints and I look bruised.

"I am so going to feel this once I get back to my body."

Soon the door opens and this short woman with very long bright red hair comes in. She Injects my body with something and after a few minutes I stop shaking. She sits on the bed and start caressing my face, moving my hair away from my eyes. She starts singing a little under her breath and I notice a thick Russian accent.

"Ohh Chris what has happened to you?"

Now I am racking my brain and taking a good careful look at this woman. Sorry but in my life previous to the last day, beautiful women were few and far between. Her red hair is tied into a tight pony tail, high on her head but still flowing down to a very delectable butt. It reminds me of fire in zero gravity from that movie Event Horizon. Her eyes are green with golden flecks, and her mouth is to die for. The lips are not plumped up, but thin and shiny with a hint of her gloss. There's a hint of freckles that she seems to be hiding with her makeup. Her breast are not huge, but like her lips they seem to fit her small frame very well and still fill out her scrubs nicely. So far, the hottest nurse I ever seen, and I am one hundred percent sure that if I ever met her before I would have remembered. Especially when I have some private time in the shower.

"Don't worry Serdtse moye serdtse. I will care for you."

Not long after Azrael, followed closely by Ashley, muscles their way in the room. The poor nurse they seem to have abused is one step behind them. For a second all the women look shocked at each other, but the nurse recovers the quickest, while Azrael, Ashley and the gorgeous woman stare daggers at each other.

"I am sorry Dr. Koshkka these two are not family and they busted in. I have called security."
