 After a series of letters guided her to build some kind of temporal cannon, Mariah finds herself elsewhen, and the world she has left behind thinks she is lost forever. The world she is in, is not a safe place to be, however.

...

"A Causal loop." Ian determined with the help of some of the other physics team who were helping him. Mariah's body now lay on a marble slab. Constantly radiating cold, her body was generating some type of field that kept it at nearly 200 below zero, at all times. Something was wrong, and she was caught in some form of temporal loop that could not be broken. Every once in a while, her body would flicker, as if it was being disrupted by static, but it always remained the same, frozen, a deep glowing blue colour, and unmoving.

...

Mariah felt very self-conscious walking down the streets of the University campus in just the portal suit. The silver piping which allowed for full conductivity of the energies and the thin lycra-neoprene material left very little to the imaginations of the people who she passed, and she was acutely aware that if challenged, she had no papers to identify her, so she would have to bodyslide again. Which would potentially cause a lot more issues. It was hard enough to have made the long slide from Tacoma to the Uwash campus, but she had no transportation, so she had to do something. Now, she was exhausted, but she had to find Ian.

She finally got to the Advanced Physics building, and went inside, then checked the directory. Yes, Ian Scott was still a Professor, and still taught the Applied Physics class. According to the directory, he was in class right now, but that didn't matter, she had to talk to him today.

She stood outside the door and watched through the windows as he lectured on about different particle interactions, and she caught an error. He was talking about the Standard Model, but he only detailed ten base particles, not the twelve that she knew of. She opened the door and went into the classroom, he paused for a second to glance over at her, then he continued as she took a seat on the edge of the classroom to listen, ignoring the odd looks from other students.

Only about ten minutes later, the buzzer rang and the students gathered their notes and books, filing out as they said their goodbyes. Mariah remained sitting until the last student filtered out, then she was left looking at the Professor. He was busy cleaning the board and didn't even notice anybody was left until she asked him, "Professor Scott, how many particles are in the Standard Model?"

"There are ten ... who are you?" He said as he turned and took a proper look at the girl sitting in a chair wearing a skintight purple outfit that looked like something out of a British TV series.

"My name is Mariah Douglas. What if I was to tell you that there are actually twelve particles in the Standard Model, Sir?" She said, getting to her feet and walking over to stand in front of his desk.

He looked at her in silence, then walked over and firmly closed the door, then to her surprise he locked it, and went around closing all the windows, as she as about to speak, he put a finger to his lips to indicate silence, and finished closing the windows up.

He finished, then came to stand about two feet away. "What you speak of is treason, young lady. Confederate Physics teaches ten particles. That is in the law, and we follow the law. You are not from here." He finished as a statement of fact, not a question.

"No, I'm not. I need your help to get me back to where I am from though."

"Why my help? You know a lot more than I am permitted to know. Especially if you know what the true Standard Model is." He said, looking at her keenly.

"Because, Professor. Where I am from, you helped me to build it before. I need it built here to make a bridge home."

The Professor's eyes went wide and he sat on the lecture stool. "You'd better start at the beginning, young Mariah. Tell me everything and then we'll see what I can do to understand if I can even help you."

Mariah talked almost non-stop for an hour, taking glasses of water from the Professor as she lectured him on the basics of the Dimension Cannon and how it operated. He would pause her here and there to get clarification, but overall he remained silent as she talked, just absorbing the information and collating it in his mind as he began to understand what she was explaining.

He finally stood and walked behind the desk to get his jacket and hat. "Come with me, I'll take you back to my home and we'll see what needs to be figured out. We'll have to get you some other clothes though, that outfit is definitely not normal garb, even for university students."

"You believe me then?" Mariah asked as he draped the jacket over her shoulders, and then unlocked and opened the door for her.

"I am unsure of what to believe, I am most curious though, and I enjoy a good mystery." He replied, then taking her gently by the upper arm, they walked down the stairs to the main floor of the physics building and then out the door where he turned her towards the parking lot.

"Professor Scott?" Came a voice, and Ian turned to see two uniformed FedSec officers walking towards them. "Go with my lead, Mariah." he said quietly as they came up to the couple.

"How can I help you officers?" Ian asked.

"We are looking for somebody who matches the description of the young lady with you. She was spotted in Tacoma a few hours ago and caused a disturbance. We wish to ask her some questions, down at the office." One of the officers told him.

"I don't think this is the woman you are after. She's been with me all day. I only just picked her up from the transit station this morning. As you can see, she's not even properly dressed for our weather."

"Do you have her papers, Professor?" The other officer said.

"Not with me, they are at my house. Is this interrogation really necessary, Officers? I was using her to demonstrate physics energy on the human body. I can assure you, she never left my sight all day. This chattel was not in Tacoma or anywhere else earlier today. She has been in my office, in my classroom. We really do have to go now." He finished, and with a final nod to both officers, hustled Mariah over to his car and opened the door for her to get in.

He pulled out of the parking lot and drove slowly out of the campus, watching the two officers still standing there, conferring with each other and watching him until they were out of sight.

"I definitely got a bad vibe from those two, Professor." Mariah said.

Ian sighed. "My dear, those were FedSec officers. Had they taken you to their facility. You'd be stripped, raped by any number of men, and interrogated until you told them everything about you, then raped some more, and finally, executed for treason, because you don't have travel papers."

Mariah's eyes had gone wide. "This place is that dangerous?"

"Yes, most definitely. You have no idea what being under the rule of the Confederate states is like. It is totalitarian government. University types like myself get some more freedom of thought, but only within approved limits." he pulled into his driveway and parked, then came round and opened her door.

"Let's get you inside, then my girl can fix us a meal and we can see what needs to be done." He said as he held open the door for Mariah to go into his house.

She knew this house, the layout was the same, but the fittings were different. What was on the floor by the front door also shocked her. The naked woman kneeling, waiting for Ian to get home was cafe-au-lait skinned, fine scars and marks of the lash all over her, from the roots of her deep brown hair right down to the palms of her hands. They were old scars though, nothing recent. Her face, always expressive, showed happiness and laughter, even as it was submissive.

"Welcome home, Master, and miss." She said, then gracefully rose to take Ian's jacket and hat which she hung for him as he slipped out of his shoes. He leaned over and kissed her cheek.

"We have a house guest, Trisha, please set another place at the table and brew some fresh coffee. This is going to be a long night." He told her, then guided Mariah into the living room and sat down in his leather chair as she took a seat on the couch.

"This looks familiar, and yet is so different." Mariah finally muttered.

"You have been in my house, in your world?" He asked.

Mariah smiled softly. "In my world, Professor, we are lovers. I have shared your bed on many occasions. This had become my second home, before."

"Before?" Ian prompted.

"Before everything went to hell, Professor. As I told you, I began to get letters. Letters which were sent to me from me, but postmarked twelve years in the past. They gave me the knowledge required to build the cannon. We built it, back in my world. I stepped through the portal, and was outside my house, in Tacoma. But it was today, not twelve years in my past. I slipped sideways." Mariah explained, looking at his face for any change in expression.

Trisha came into the room with a tray and set it on the table, then proceeded to pour them both a cup of coffee. Once she had served them, she went to leave but was stopped by Ian's hand on her hip. "Trisha, sit with us."

"Yes, Master." she replied and sat on the couch beside Mariah but not really close to her.

"This is Mariah. She will be staying with us for some time, I am not sure how long, but she must be kept safe, just as you are safe." Trisha nodded, and smiled at Mariah. "He is a good man, he took care of me after my old owner lost custody for doing this to me. Professor Scott healed me and has kept me from harm for eight years now."

A buzz from the kitchen made Trisha look up. "Dinner is ready, Master. Do you wish to eat at the table?"

"By all means. Come, Mariah. You must be famished." Ian said and gently guiding her, the three walked to the table where they sat and enjoyed a meal of pot roast, mashed potatoes and fresh corn.

"Being my property, Trisha has learned a great deal about physics as well, Mariah. Feel free to give her your insight as she has a different way of looking at things than I do. She has helped me greatly in the eight years I have known her company." Ian explained as he finished his plate.

Mariah nodded and finished her plate as well, it had been her second helping, and although she felt full, she still also felt hungry. Trisha rose and gathered the plates off the table, then put them in the sink and turned on the water to wash the dishes.

"Are you always naked?" Mariah asked her.

Trisha laughed. "It is the way Master likes me. I certainly don't mind, he is a good man, miss. The best I have known."

"But you have scars, all over you." Mariah said, a finger gently tracing the line of one that wrapped from Trisha's left hip up her back.

"Not from Ian. No, he bought my writ at a rescue auction eight years ago. My former owner liked to cause pain, a lot of pain. I still have nightmares of the pain he would put me through. Ian got me after he was finally reported when I was delivered to a hospital to recover from a broken arm and broken ribs. It is against the law to do this type of damage, but it has to be reported. I was put up on a list of girls needing to be rescued and cared for, so the list of eligible owners was very select. Ian chose me, and he took very good care of me. He nursed me back to health, and I have since nursed him." Trisha explained with a smile.

Ian had gotten up and put his arms around the curvy Haitian woman who he owned and cared for very much, then he kissed her on the top of her head as they both looked at Mariah.

"We will need to find her some clothes, can you take care of her and get her measured up so we can get some clothing organized?" Ian finally said.

"Of course, Master. Where will she sleep? The spare bedroom, or with you?" Trisha asked.

"I think that would be up to Mariah now, Trisha, stop being so bold or I'll have to spank you." Ian said gruffly, but with real affection in his voice, Mariah could tell. Trisha giggled and nodded.

"Come on, Mariah – we've got some comfortable robes and sleep wear, once I've got your measure I can order some proper clothing for you." Trisha said, rising to her feet and holding out her hand. Mariah placed her hand in Trisha's and let the other woman lead her off into the back of the house where the bedrooms and bathroom was.

She was exhausted, emotionally and mentally. Her body seemed to ache as well, but she was not sure if that was a physical ache or just more mental exhaustion.

She allowed Trisha to unfasten and peel the bodysuit off her and stood there while the other woman quickly took her body measurements. Then she was hustled into the bathroom and Trisha had her lie down in a tub already full of sudsy water. Then to Mariah's surprise, Trisha slipped into the water as well and expertly washed her, paying additional attention to her breasts and pussy.

She lay back as Trisha's soft slippery hands ran a cloth all over her, cleaning the sweat and body oils off of her, and before she really realized, she was getting quite turned on by the attention, especially when Trisha's fingers found her clit and began to rub and massage it.

Mariah writhed as Trisha's fingers danced a tattoo upon her mons, rubbing, flicking and massaging her clit and lips as her body responded the way it always used to when her Trisha would do much the same thing.

As Mariah began to gasp, she felt Trisha's lips upon her own, muffling her cries as her body bucked and she came, pressing her mons against Trisha's hand as her body quavered through a rolling orgasm.

"There now, now you'll sleep much better." Trisha said with a smile as she finished rinsing Mariah off, then helped her out of the bath and towelled her dry, keeping one hand on the other woman who was now quite unsteady.

She wrapped Mariah in a soft robe, then escorted her into the spare bedroom where Mariah gratefully crawled into the bed and was asleep quite quickly.

Trisha finished drying herself, then walked back to the main room where her Master sat, now smoking a pipe and reading his daily letters.

"Our guest settled?" He asked without looking up.

"Yes, Master, How do you want me?" She replied.

Ian smiled at her and lifted his arms to reveal he had already slipped out of his pants. "Make me a happy man, my Trisha." He said quietly.

She smiled and sunk to her knees, leaning forward, she began to give him oral attention as he continued to read, enjoying her attentions on his erect shaft as he reviewed the letters. Trisha bobbed her head up and down on his shaft, licking around the head and sensitive underside, tickling the opening of his cock with the tip of her tongue and licking the length of his shaft as she sucked him expertly.

He finally finished reading, and put one hand on the back of her head, pulling her closer so she allowed the head of his cock to slip down into her throat, and Trisha focused on swallowing action to give him the sensations he wanted. She could feel him begin to stiffen so pulled back slightly and used her tongue on the sensitive underside of his cock, and as Ian grunted and shot sperm into her mouth, Trisha lapped it up and sucked on him to bring him to a very satisfying orgasm.

He released her head as she licked and kissed his softening cock to clean it up thoroughly, then she sat back on her haunches and waited for further instructions.

"I think you best prepare for bed, Trisha. I will be using you quite a lot tonight." He said quietly.

"Yes, Master." She replied, and rising, kissed him on his cheek, then walked out of the room and into the main bedroom where she turned down the sheets and got things ready for what would be one of his longer sessions with her willing body.

Ian did not disappoint her. Trisha was thoroughly fucked that evening. Ian's hard cock drilling deep into her pussy from many different positions, and he was expert at bringing her to orgasm as well, which was what had enamoured her to her Master in the first place. Ian cared about her.

Even as he gasped and moaned on top of her, his cock deep inside her wet slot, Ian continued to massage and kiss her breasts and nipples, nuzzle her neck and behind her ears, and kiss her lips which were hungry with need for his affections.

He rolled her over and pulled her up so she was on her knees and proceeded to slam into her with a force that belied his gentle nature. In bed, Ian was a strong man, his iron hard cock plunged Trisha's depths regularly, and he was always focused on making sure she enjoyed it as much as possible. She had felt a lot of pain in her life, until she had been bought by Ian. He was determined that she not feel any more pain again, and he made that his goal when he had purchased her writ so long ago.

He finally rolled her onto her side, and she helped him to slip out of her pussy and then with a gasp, more for his benefit, his cock slipped into her tight ass. She knew to bear down and tighten her ring of muscles to give him more intense sensations, and as with everything she did, she was thoroughly cleaned by enema before he had even come home. Trisha knew how to keep her Master happy, and with his cock buried deep into her anus, she knew he wasn't going anywhere, except to fill her with his cum.

After the long fucking he had already given her, it did not take long before her tight ass brought him off to unload his seed into her bowels as he gasped out, holding her in his arms, hands gripping her breasts tightly enough to leave bruises while she pressed back against him to give him the full benefit of the deep ass fuck he had just finished.

He finally rolled slightly and his long softening cock slipped out of her while he lay on his back, almost asleep already. Trisha gently got to her feet and with a washcloth and bowl, cleaned his emission that was leaking from her bottom, then gently cleaned his cock until it was all good, before suckling it to give him a last good feeling before she went into the bathroom to properly clean herself.

Trisha came back to the bed a few minutes later and cuddled up to her Master, who although he was asleep, still held her tightly to him so she could feel the strength and comfort of the good man who owned her.

...

"Time Travel was a myth, until this young lady determined how to make it work, by using a blend of Cerenkov radiation and high energy particles sent through a matrix of microwave energy." Doctor Ian Scott explained to the class. On the screen was a picture of his Mariah, in happier times, laughing as she had her picture taken in front of the first portal. So very long ago, he sighed and continued.

"Seven years ago, Mariah Douglas determined how to devise a method of capturing what we now call the Cerenkov flash, a burst of radiation that includes temporal wavicles. The first crude portal was able to generate a doorway six feet high and about two feet wide. Enough for somebody to step through. Where they would go, we had no idea, only Mariah did."

...

Dressed in much more conservative clothing, with Trisha beside her, Mariah went with Ian back to the University. They did not go to the Applied Physics building, but to one of the many warehouses that were on the Uwash grounds. Mariah recognized it as the same building, where in her reality, the Cannon had been built.

Ian opened the doors and they walked into the cavernous building, which had various experiments set up, mostly disused and dusty. Some looking clean and fresh, but nothing looking like it was actually in use.

Mariah walked into the building and up to a seemingly random spot on the floor. "Here, this is where we have to build it. Do you have tape?" She asked. Trisha handed her a roll of masking tape. Mariah knelt and began to tape a layout on the floor, a circular ring, then another ring around that, and cross bars. Three rolls of tape later the basic floor design was complete.
