 Firelight and incense, gleaming gold and blood red silks, her feet made no sound on the thick carpet that ran down the middle of the temple. A word others might avoid, but she didn't this was a temple of lust. She was nude save the delicate lacy looking gold bands on her wrists and ankles, marking her as already assigned. Any might look and indeed she was far from bothered by the eyes that watched her. She would have been more upset had they not. The House of Sinra was not as some commoners thought a whore house. Every member, male and female was trained to be masters of their own bodies, masters of their own sexuality. And as those who came to the House and made deals for their companionship, masters of pleasing others.

Those who came where not allowed to choose, rather they came to the matrons and over a long almost courtship they were presented to a few that would match their personality, even then it was not the new patrons choice. Her Lord had only match one other and it had taken no discussion between them to make a choice. His hunger had shown through, not for just sex but pain and control. He was a candle to her that brought light but also brought pain when she danced too close to his fire.

She reached the end of the carpet and seemed to wilt like a flower to the floor. Long moments she held perfectly still in the position of pure submission. "Child, you grace us well. It is not for error I call you. Retire to your chamber I shall fetch you soon." The breath she hadn't realized she held finally released. If not a fault, then why? She wanted to pace and demand some answer, but she had been trained very well.

Her room remained, a sign to all that she did not belong to her Lord, but to the House. She had been an unwanted burden, but healthy and with a promise of beauty as a young child. Her family had sold her for a price equal to a harvest. In addition they would receive a small portion of her first five years of service. This bargain always had more More families offering children than they required. Her earliest memories were not of her family but of the creche, a separate estate gardens, sunlight, laughter, lessons in history, art, music... so many things her families poverty would have denied her. All were encouraged to be curious, only those with the right nature remained, others were sent away to other tasks better fitting their natures. Only at adulthood had she been taken into the House proper to be assigned to a Matron and finish her training. 

Of the twelve age mates she started with only two others remained, a handsome male and his twin sister both as golden as the sunlight streaming through the window. Last she had heard they were going to a couple with royal blood to be pampered pets. She watched the courtyard, the unmatched at play or leisure, some practicing their flirtations. Oddly very few indulged in sex for the sake of simply fucking in the House of Sinra, Sex was pleasure yes, but also their task. She was lost in thought as the door opened and a young trainee cleared her throat and shifted nervously. "Our Matron asks that you come now to her chamber."

She raised one perfect arched eyebrow, the girl was such a nervous nature, lovely, would be gorgeous in a year or so more, but that timid streak.. Perhaps she was being raised for a marriage. Such happened from time to time. She headed off down the hall, every evening that she had been here she had made this journey to report her account of the day and her thoughts of her lessons. This apartment made her chamber look like a storage closet, but Matron in her day had been highly sought after, even claiming a king as a patron. But the power lay in the hands of the Magi now and her Lord was one of the more powerful ones. She held her head proudly.

"Child what do you know of your Lord's apprentice?"

She frowned and her composure must have given away her surprise as the Matron's switch instantly struck her legs like a naughty student. But of anything she could have been asked today, accused of, told.. that was one subject she simply had never thought to have to speak of.

__________________________________________________

Mina was equally confused at that moment but for different reasons. She was currently standing in the middle of the training room wearing nothing but a leather collar attached to a rope leash. And answering questions about what she had read so far on fire magic. Her master sat in a comfortable chair drinking some golden liquid from a crystal glass and wasn't even looking at her anymore. He had ceased pacing about her almost thirty questions ago. His questions had bounced all over the place, covering not just the first book , but the other two he had sent her the next day.

Her eyes would wander to the hourglass, there was more sand in the bottom now that she had ever seen, endured before. She was nervous, unsure, his actions were not normal for him. To invite her to the meal, then order her to strip tonight, placed the collar around her throat, attach a rough rope leash and then have her hold one end of it while he went straight into the lesson. Her mind had been quick to focus and answer at first, but now the questions came slower.

"I suppose we shall start on elemental auras tomorrow. We will be headed to the swamp of the Ankar tomorrow morning, incentive is I believe the best way to teach auras."

Her mind was so focused on why a swamp was an incentive to learn auras. For that matter what were auras? She hadn't noticed him turning the hourglass over and walking toward her till his hand stroked down her spine. She paled and trembled wondering what hell he would force on her.

Long moments his hands roamed over her cool skin, soft, gentle, "Your skin is flawless." His voice was soft, pleased sounding, "So small, delicate, soft looking. Yet you have a core that is strong, and your body is resilient. My concubine fears that your spirit however is becoming frail and I am now inclined to agree with her. You shake when all I do is caress. Am I such a monster to be feared?"

If her eyes had been open they would have been wide with terror, as it was she ceased to breath. How was she to answer that?

"Ah yes I have been haven't I? And I will do many more things to your lovely body before you are finished with your training. I already cannot fault how well you suck my cock. But fucking you can be boring at times. And I still need to have that tight little pucker stretched enough to take my cock up your ass. " His finger brushed against the sensitive star of flesh and her eyes did open, fear sparkling in them. He smiled indulgently at her and took the leash from her hand, picked up the hourglass and began leading her toward his room. She followed automatically down the halls and past the servants. 

__________________________________________________

He smiled and his cock started to throb with life of its own. He could almost smell the terror, yet she obeyed. He was uncertain what he wished to do this evening, too bad his concubine was absent, he had the notion of late to see those two tangled together. He didn't know or care if either liked the idea. They were his and would do what he demanded of them. Another evening.

He dropped the leash as soon as he entered his bedroom and she stopped in her tracks. He unclasped the collar and tossed it aside. It had amused him, now it didn't the rope had reddened her skin in places. He disliked that. His hands roamed over her again, she barely controlled the shaking. So soft, silky, he upbraided her hair and let it fall long and wavy down her back. It was softer than he expected, thick, scented of something floral, jasmine maybe, but also something spicy. He breathed deep of her hair, nuzzling at the nape of her neck.

His hands reached round and cupped the small pert breasts, so small his hands completely covered them. He toyed with the nipples and although it took him a moment they finally hardened with reaction. Suddenly he had an amusing thought, could he break through her fear enough to make her climax. It had never bothered him before if she did or didn't. It was just his pleasure that mattered.

Tonight he was bored and two things would break it. One would leave the girl broken possibly and he had come to agree that she needed to fear him less. So tonight.. he continued to kiss her neck and throat, he held her close to him. One hand roaming down her stomach, one up her throat tilting her head back. He brushed his cheek against hers, warm breath against her ear. "Relax. Tonight I want to hear you scream in pleasure."

She stiffened against him, nothing in her could believe what he said. He had never lied to her, but she still could not believe him. So instead he swooped her up into his arms and took her to the bed, she bounced once and then stared at him with those gorgeous green eyes. He stripped as she watched. Kneeling beside the bed he tugged her toward him, parting her legs to rest over his shoulders. His hands roamed over her thighs, and he followed them with his lips, tongue, nipping the tender flesh once, not hard enough to be painful but still she squeaked. Her nether lips were silky soft also, not even a trace of stubble of down, golden skin parted to reveal the thinner pale pink folds, and still more the dark rose valley.

Her clit was a tiny hidden gem too afraid to come out and play yet. His tongue flicked over the hood and teased it. She gasped and squirmed but he held her in place. His breath warmed her chilled flesh, and he set to work making her wiggle not to escape but to move toward him. Her taste was clean, still scented of the soap she had used, her own fluid faint, sweet, making him determined to taste it more fully, to coax the honey from her reluctant body. 

He rose up careful to keep his weight off of her tiny frame, his tongue flicking across her stomach, delving into her naval. He spent long moments worshiping each breast with lips and tongue till her breath was faster and her nipples little pearls between his teeth. Her throat was next taking long moments to nuzzle, kiss, suckle.. When he finally kissed her she was slow to react, she could feel his hard cock against her thighs and was far from ready for him. After she seemed to calm and respond tentatively to him he again worked his way down her body.

This time his tongue flat against her inner folds and he hummed, she jumped beneath his hands. Parting the folds he found the clit now peeking out of it's hiding place and he breathed against it, her moan was almost music to his ears. Kissing it he then began to lavish attention on the rest of her cunt, tongue probing at her core, the fluid now shimmered and started to flow. It was sweet, a little salty.. it reminded him a bit of the soft fruit that was ripe only a few weeks a year. Same silky soft skin, the soft flesh, the nectar from biting into it then lapping.

He mimicked the bite with his lips only tugging carefully, suckling the inner folds, then lapped at her as he would the fruit. She shuddered but for once was not stiff with fear. More slick fluid leaked out and his tongue caught and savored it. This was almost addicting. More and more she wiggled, squirmed, her breath was rapid pants. He caught the clit and sucked hard on it a moment and she almost leaped out of his embrace, her body shook and a blush crept across her skin. He didn't give up but pressed hard against her core, his tongue seeking entrance and she cried out. He realized abruptly that she was fighting the climax, it was strange and unfamiliar to her, it now scared her. He rose up and embraced her, demanding a kiss of her in distraction, sharing the taste of her.

Never had he slid so easily into her, felt her body milk him, so damn tight and yet he moved easily in the slick canal. She whimpered and whined and he cooed softly to her, his movements not demanding but slowly pressing her toward that point she feared. Finally she did scream, a strangled sound, and her whole body tensed, then relaxed in a boneless manner, but her cunt.. Oh gods above he was in Paradise, she squeezed him, her cunt was sucking him deeper into her.

He couldn't take another moment of this, his cum jetting deep into her womb as he tightened arms about her limp body, she shook for a different reason now and her breath was rapid not from fear. He smiled and reached up to stroke the side of her face, she looked at him with those green leaf eyes, amazed, stunned, bewildered. He found that he loved that look, and his cock responded staying hard as he drove her to yet another climax and a third before he felt himself be utterly drained, by then she was barely alert.

He straightened her out in the bed, then curled up around her, she fit perfectly against his body. So exhausted she couldn't fear him for the moment, a few soft kisses and she vanished into sleep. He held her close, watching her for a while. Would it be hard to make her devoted? To make her want to please him? To not have to force her, to pay a concubine.. but to have a willing lover?