 He saw the coach coming up long before it reached the gates and smiled. He told himself he wasn't really watching just happened to look up from the boring view of Rosie kneeling in front of him. The short blond curls bounced and bobbed, she was more talented now, far more experienced. Then again she had a great deal more incentive to please him with her mouth today. He had given her till the sand ran out to make him cum. Failure would mean playtime in the chamber below. It was rigged, but she didn't know that. He was bored of her. She offered no real challenge, but she would temper his blood lust.

Mina would be home tonight, He needed to be gentle and charming to her. He needed to seduce her. There for he needed sate his other appetites on Rosie. Besides it would keep him from racing down to meet the pair like some lovesick boy. He glanced at the hourglass, a moment or two more. "My apprentice and concubine have returned." Rosie paused, the eyes glancing up at him alarmed. "Not that you will meet either. They have a place in my house. I am thinking of offering my apprentice a betrothal pledge once she is a full Magi."

Rosie whimpered, wondering why he was telling her this, and worrying more that it seemed her task was doomed to fail. She knew failure would result in a very bad afternoon, then again would it be worse than locked in the stable awaiting guards?

"She was a whore when I found her. And I am making her a Lady. You were born to become a lady wife and I have made you a whore. You should thank me. After all you now have a skill that will earn you something after I am done with you. Your other choices were a farmers wife or waiting endlessly for your parents return. Not that they would have. Your father has no use for you and his new wife would not want to pay the dowry of a brat only a few years younger than herself." One of his hands was stroking her hair like a pet. " You are nothing special to look at another pale rose in a garden of pale roses. My Mina however.. she is a black lotus, exotic and rare, perfect beauty. Honey gold skin instead of your milk sop. That black hair that falls down past her hips in a thick curtain, always a mystery hidden." He sighed and pulled her off of his cock, tugging at her hair to make her stand and turn. She could see the the top of the hourglass was empty now.

"Different are they not? Fire and Night." Below a coach had stopped and the groom had opened a door and assisted two women out. One was red haired, tall and elegant. She wore a golden gown that was like nothing Rosie had ever imagined. The other was tiny, delicate, blackest hair caught in ribbons to tumble down her back, the deep blue and gold gown she wore made her look like one of the porcelain dolls she had as a child, before the bad times. The doll woman moved with grace but also a shyness that was charming. Rosie hated both of them. They were treated well and pampered. They lived the life she should be living.

He chuckled seeing the slight confusion on Mina's face, Jenyse had corrected her about something and the girl looked to the coachman and groom who were also amused. Seemed she was learning the rules, but had yet to perfect the mask of nobility. What ever the rule was didn't make sense to her. They might teach her to act as a Lady but at least she would not have the ingrained arrogance of one like Rosie. He growled and looked at the blond who's hair was still tangled in his fist. He didn't like the look on her face. Releasing her and backhanding her to the floor, "You are nothing compared to her. Were she in your place she would still be fighting me. No.. she was smart enough to have never put herself where I could have caught her. Yes she traded her body to me.. but it was her choice to do so to get something more out of life. You just laid back and spread your legs simply because you are told to."

He reached down gripping her hair again and now dragging her away from the window, "Seeing as I am going to have to do all the work.. I may as well make it more interesting."

She scrambled, trying to get to her feet and follow as well as she could bent over, "I did what you asked." She whined at him.

A mistake, he laughed at her. "I told you to make me cum before the hourglass emptied. You didn't. So now we will play."

He dragged her down the stairs into his cellar, through a hidden door behind some forgotten wines and into his playroom. He would have to leave her here for a time till arrangements were made. Wouldn't do to upset Jenyse or scare Mina when he needed her to become calmer. "Welcome to your new home till I get a proper pen built for you."

Rosie's eyes looked about in terror. Two cells, simple stone floors with metal grates in the center, metal bar doors allowed no privacy. The third room had a single flat bed like surface, posts on the corners with iron rings, more things along the walls she had no clue of the use of, only the whips, crops, a few of the dildos he had used on her before. More things he had not. But she knew to be terrified of them. Bands were closed about her wrists and she was dragged up till she had to stand on tiptoes as he fastened the bands to two rings. "Now what to start with?"

Rosie decided crying would be her start.

______________________

Mina was nervous, so many things could go wrong. And so far he had not made an appearance. Her bags had been brought up the new gowns arranged in her closet. She had started the task of putting away the new cosmetics, perfumes, the various ribbons, and decorations. Everything in a precise location, not a thing allowed to be out of place. She needed to keep this control over her room and the things in it. She wasn't sure why, but the least thing out of place bothered her.

She had new books to add to her shelves. Learning the manners of court seemed a waste to her. But Jenyse insisted. Most of it seemed to have started as a game, make a rule, then next person had to make a more elaborate rule. Until you had this convoluted maze of do and don't. Such as the coach. She had been picking the small bag up and moving it about most of the trip. But now that they had arrived she couldn't lift it? All she was allowed to remove from the coach was a small purse that was mostly decoration and if it were warm weather a fan. Mina sighed, this would never make sense to her. She would have no use for it. Once she was a magi. Once she was free. Once she could kill anyone who dared touch her.

Then again.. she remembered the House. But she could never have a Consort, she wasn't wealthy or important enough. But maybe if she found a gentle soul, someone that she didn't have a reason to fear. Someone that could be taught. She stopped and blinked, shaking her head and feeling sick. She couldn't do that to another, make them a thing she owned.

"Mina."

His voice made her want to cringe, forcing herself to remain relaxed and finish placing the last item on the vanity before turning with a polite smile and a faint bow. "Greetings my Lord."

"Late for lunch.. but a small repast is awaiting the three of us." He stepped forward and offered her his hand, "Will you join me?"

She placed her own hand in his, taking a chance that the manner lessons would at least help hide her fear."If you wish my Lord."

He frowned for a moment, then it vanished behind a mask. If one didn't know him they would think him a perfect gentleman. He kept his steps slow and small so as to allow her to walk beside him without rushing. Far different from the many times he had dragged her stumbling through these halls. "Was the trip pleasant? I was afraid you might find it as bad as the ship."

She shook her head, sending the hair into a dance down her back, "It was a bit tiring. And being there was rather odd. But I did love the hidden garden that was attached to the rooms Jenyse and were given."

"Did you see much of the House?" His voice stayed steady, but his body stiffened.

Mina had been coached over and over how to answer this. "I was never allowed away from Jenyse's side except with for when the Matron who asked me to serve her tea. The Matron's garden was huge. And had these pale lavender flowers on a vine. They hung down almost like grapes. I have never seen such before and they were so pretty."

He relaxed and chuckled at her apparent fascination. In his mind had she been in the main chamber or any of the private chambers something more than a half wild flowering vine would have attracted her attention, "I've seen that garden, and the vine although it was not in flower at the time. Maybe I can arrange for one of the gardeners to get a few cuttings of it. Would that please you Mina?"

She blinked up at him confused, "I think that an arbor of them would be lovely in your gardens My Lord. Perhaps your future wife may also enjoy them." Ah that perfect polite response, she was being well trained it seemed.

"And what of your new lessons?"

A sigh, "May I speak honestly for a moment My Lord?"

"I prefer you always speak honestly with me."

"How did so many people agree to such a ridiculous code of behavior? Even receiving a bouquet of flowers has more rules than there are flowers. And mercy's sake if you select the wrong flower and color for the bouquet."

At that he laughed a true laugh, that indignant little rant summed up his own thoughts of the code of manners. "Oh my dear little apprentice, you have made my day. So should I tell you the meaning of the flower you found delightful?"

Mina looked at him in some disbelief, "Dare I ask?"

"A vine of the flowers means I find you full of mystery and beauty." Seeing her eyes widen, "My mother insisted I learn these lessons as a child. You would be amazed how much of it lingers."

They entered the sun room and the table was already set and Jenyse waiting for them. "Care to share the laughter? I heard you even from here." Her smile was practiced and the tone perfectly teasing.

"Ah my concubine, this little one is getting frustrated with all the twisting rules of manners." He pulled out a chair and motioned for Mina to sit, then did the same to Jenyse. He had started following the code without even thinking of it. "I remember feeling the same way as a boy. So many rules for every single thing. But eventually it does become as natural as breathing."

Jenyse smiled at Mina, "Yes it will, she is amazingly clever at learning once she sets her mind to it. Probably has all of the books I gave her already memorized."

Mina blushed and bowed her head, "Not quite yet. I am still working through them."

He smiled and chimed a fork against his glass to signal he was ready for the meal to be served, "And her other lessons? How are they coming along? Will I have a pleasant surprise awaiting me tonight?"

Mina turned a rose shade that would have spoken of passion and Jenyse smiled like a cat with a secret. "That depends much on Mina now. What she can do and what she knows she can do are still different."

The butler came with their plates and he found himself relaxed and happy, his cock was sated at the moment, his need for pain and fear for the moment pushed aside, He was sitting at a table on a perfect day with two lovely women who he could order at anytime to strip and attend his whims. So Mina was still skittish? He could afford a little patience, use it to tease her. Soon enough he would make his claim on her. Making her willing would improve his life, he rather liked her smiles and blushes more than her fearful glances and nervous silence. No tonight it would be Jenyse that would attend him, he needed to remind her what she was.

"I know she is clever. And she still has another set of lessons to focus on. Speaking of after this meal you should go to the study room. I have two books set on the desk. Select one and start on it. I will be up in a few turns to see how far you have gotten into the one you choose." He saw that fire come into her eyes, the hunger for knowledge and the power that was soon to be at her fingertips. Would that fire ever be for him? Did it matter? He would have her for wife, and the children she bore him would have power that was trained from childhood.

"As you wish my Lord."

______________________

He wandered into the area that had once been his mother's personal place, her music room and her green house. Not that she had ever soiled her fingers with dirt or roughened a finger learning to play an instrument. No she had brought people here to play for her. And gardeners had worked tirelessly in the earliest hours before she woke to make the area a slice of summer even on a winter day. All the instruments were gone now. The room empty, heels clicking and echoing on the marble floor, reminding him of the perfect acoustics in here. Jenyse had said his apprentice had a hidden but long unused skill. Suggested that it was a good step to let her begin practice again with the lyre hap.

His mother had never favored the lyre harp, to dainty and feminine for her tastes. Not enough young men played it and those that did were useless to his mother. He stomped toward the green house, surprised anything grew in it still. No longer an inviting vista of flowers and useless small birds trilling. But nor was it overgrown and dead. Someone had kept the trees and shrubs pruned back, kept the perennials healthy and in check. The water fountain was still flowing and clean. While it was not the luxurious retreat of his mother any longer it was clean and warm. Something that would be welcomed as the winter made it's presence felt outside. He could have furniture returned to the music room. Chairs and a table brought out here. But nothing like the over stuffed divan that had once been hidden beneath that canopy. Or the daybed in the other room.

He tore at a leaf a memory coming back to him. Being smaller and coming out to show his mother a trick he had learned. Some simple child's spell. He had thought she would be impressed. But hearing another voice and knowing she would be angry if he interrupted. Climbing beneath that shrub with the cascade of bright yellow flowers. Hide and wait, then show her and make her smile.

"I don't know what to do with that little monster." His mother was laying on the divan just out of sight. "I mean it isn't as if he will be heir. And from what his teachers say he is too unfocused to ever be powerful enough for more than a house magi. And his cursed father keeps spawning magi bloods on me. If he doesn't get a proper heir soon he will set me aside. Not to mention getting rid of each of the monsters is painful."

"It should be easy to find a dark haired and dark eyed man." That was the Lady from the house down the road. She often came over, he avoided her because she always looked at him with a weird look. "The problem is finding one that won't blackmail you later. Pick a peasant, find one young and strong, offer him a job here at the estate. Once you have the heir you can dispose of him. Accidents happen all the time for peasants after all."

What were they talking about? And would that woman just leave already. He was bored and getting restless.

His mother laughed, "Oh I have already picked him out. An oud player, dark hair, dark eyes, never lost a family member to wasting broad shoulder and gentle, lovely talented fingers."

"Oh maybe I should come for a recital?"

"Yes.. I was thinking of that. After all with you here no one can say there was anything indecent. Nor challenge the new heir's parentage." The two women laughed. He was left feeling distracted and uncomfortable, something told him he had heard things he shouldn't. When a year later his brother was born he was even more curious. He had taken to sneaking and hiding more often in the green house. His mother had gotten adept at catching and finding him.

It took several more months before he managed to be hidden better than she could find. Also he had figured out to come here when she had musicians entertaining. That morning two young men had been shown to the music room. His hiding place didn't have a view of the room, rather of the divan, still with the acoustics he could hear everything in the other room. They played and he grew bored, he was happy when they stopped. Maybe he could sneak out, but then that hateful Lady from the other estate and his mother came into site. Behind them the two young men with grins that they hid the moment the women turned around.

"So what of your other instruments?" his mother asked to pair, even he could see they were empty handed. He was surprised when they pulled at waistbands and dropped their pants on to the stone floor. His mother had said this was very rude and he should never show his pisser to anyone. But these two were not only showing, but slowly stroking, making them stand outward. The other Lady and his mother tittered and fanned themselves, "And are your tongues as talented as your hands?" 

He was shocked as his mother and the lady sat on the edge of the divan together and gathered up their skirts. The two musicians knelt between their legs and he crept away as the strange sounds assailed his ears. He knew what he had seen was bad. His father.. he needed to get his father to come and make his mother behave. And so he had ran to the study, earning a slap to the side of the head for intruding. Still he blurted out what was happening. His father had gone a shade of red that terrified him, then stomped off.

He was forgotten, left alone except a few servants that whispered and giggled. Days passed and he didn't see either parent, then one morning his mother joined him for breakfast. Her pretty pale pink skin was all wrong colors and mottled bruises, her face was puffy and swollen. The soft silken gold hair was damn near sheared off, he could see cuts on her scalp. She sat in the chair and refused to look at him. She would not look at him or speak to him again for a long time. There would be no more visits from the weird Lady or any more musicians.

His little brother grew and was forbidden to have anything to do with him. He was old enough to understand the words he had first overheard eventually. And with it came a hateful focus. Then knowledge of what he had seen, an understanding that the little boy his parents doted on was a bastard child sired by a nameless and no dead oud player. He was sent to the magi school, still little beyond an apprentice when the murders occurred. He had seen the women on display, had heard the mutters and realized he was not the only one angry. From there it had been so very easy to let the hatred grow, let the anger fuel him. He would show that treacherous Lady bitch that had whelped him. He would make her and her bastard whelp pay. He was the proper born son, the real heir.

He shook his head and cleared the dark thoughts, he would have the room repainted, new furniture, see if the gardeners could start a vine of Mina's flowers in the greenhouse. It would be his gift to her when she gave herself freely to him.

______________________

Mina was still at the desk, head bent over the book. She had not noticed his entrance, nor him standing a few feet behind her. So focused. His focus had come from a shattering of illusions, hers came from what? He cleared her throat and she jumped, the fear was still there. He forced himself to take a chair next to the desk and smile at her. "Which book did you select?"

"Defensive Theory, my Lord."

"And why?"

"It seems more closely related to the shields. The other seemed more or less tricks. Making ice flowers, or chilling drinks are trivial, warming bathwater seems useful." Ah so she had read through the other as well, "But defense is always useful, and understanding a defense allows one to overcome it as well."

He smiled and nodded, "Very good. Once the other would have been most of what you were allowed to learn, things to make nobles lives easier, how to be a better servant. And a good observation, defenses can be whittled away or overcome if you know what your opponent is doing." 
