 He could see the determination in her eyes. There was a fire there he didn't expect. He could also see how very close she was to understanding the spell, understanding its needs and demands. Then a look of shock, she had it figured out. 

A flicker and the shield formed only to fail almost instantly. Fury sparked in her eyes and the shield came back up, held, one breath, two, three, the fourth breath it failed. He watched her closely, she was thinking it through. She wasn't giving up. There was a stubbornness he didn't expect in her. He felt a surge of pride in his student.

Again the shimmer of the shield appeared, this time it was holding. Several long moments he let her hold it, then he struck at it and broke through it. She responded by bringing it back up and he smiled, twice more he broke it and she restored it. 

Each time it took him a bit more effort, but now she was pale and breathless, the eyes getting dazed. "Enough. You are still feeding the core with your body so you cannot hold it for too long nor can you withstand me. But you have done it. Now come let us go back to the encampment." 

He moved to offer her his arm and she reluctantly took it, she still didn't trust him too close to her. "Now you have the basic shield, what would happen if you focused ice magic into the shield? Or into the area between you and the shield?" 

That distracted Mina and she lost some of the stiffness, "Between? You would chill the area I think. Too much and you would harm yourself. But into the shield? How... the forming? Pour the ice energy into the shield as you form it? Can it become solid?" 

He nodded, "Yes it can, a wall of ice between you and an enemy is useful. You can push people away, deflect a blow or arrow." Oh those eyes were alert now, but the skin showed exhaustion, her face was thin, cheeks hollow. "As for the other..." He pushed his shield outward, enough to cover her as well, the coolness was a relief, more the endless attack by the insects ceased. She sagged slightly against him, and he on a whim lifted her into his arms, her eyes held that ever present leeriness. A feral creature too use to cruelty. But she was exhausted enough not to argue and the bubble of cool air welcome. 

Camp was a lacking word for the area set up on the shore, a tent of fine mesh covered a large area, his personal tent was as luxurious as his room at home. The servants had laid out a light meal, chilled bits of food to tempt appetites in this steamy heat. He settled down on a pile of cushions still holding Mina, calling for cloths and cool water. 

Jenyse came strolling in wearing as little as could be decent and walked over to them with the heavy lidded smirk of amusement. He was pleased as she took over the task of stripping Mina, running the scented cloth over her as he held her in his lap. The cool air and wet skin making those tiny nipples harden, a flush of color touching her cheeks. Lovely, almost innocent looking, so young, so very powerful. He lifted a morsel of melon wrapped with paper thin cured meat to Mina's lips, "Eat. You have used up too much of yourself. You will start taking your meals with me so I can make sure you are eating enough." 

Obediently Mina's lips parted and his cock hardened at the sight of her taking the bit of food. She was half laying in his lap, Jenyse having propped her up with more pillows. Her nude body open to his caress, his sight, but he did need to coax her to eat enough to not grow ill. 

It would probably be the concubine who slaked his hungers. Damn it she was right, he needed to seduce Mina into loyalty make her come to adore him. There was simply too much power in that delectable body, too much fire he now understood. He wanted her at his side, not become the enemy she would become in time. He ran a hand over her shoulder and down an arm, she was young so it should be easy. 

He shifted her to lay nestled in the cushions beside him and pulled Jenyse to him. "My little student has made a fine showing of herself today. After she has a chance to rest I think we will discuss a bit more of the possibilities of what she is learning. But for now, I can shield her and you from this wretched heat, and see how appreciative you can be my concubine." 

Jenyse instantly responded by straddling his lap and facing him. She needed to be careful, not frighten the girl nor repulse her from her Lord mentor. She wanted the girl to become more responsive, less frightened she needed to intrigue her, teach her that sex could be very enjoyable. She began slowly writhing, undressing him, teasing him. When he would reach out to touch her she would shy away and then catch his hands and push them away. 

Finding one of his sashes she tied his hands behind him. "There my fine Lord. You will rest as well. This is mine to play with." She stroked his cock and kissed the head of it. "I have had nothing to do all morning.. and been thinking such interesting thoughts." 

A glance over to Mina showed that the wide green eyes were watching alert and curious, almost amazed that someone dared to order the Lord Mage to do anything. Jenyse pushed him back to lie next to Mina, and started at his throat, moving down, kisses, nips, licking his skin, making him moan, making him growl as she ignored the hard cock that rose from its nest of black curls. A nip at his inner thigh and he almost sat up, "Mina dearling, caress him, touch him anyway you wish."

"She needs rest." 

Jenyse smiled at him, "Oh she'll not be worn out. You will however." She dragged fingernails down his outer thighs from hip to knee and he bucked beneath her. Mina's hand reached out slowly, she seemed to fear at any moment she would be grabbed, the little fingers drifted over his chest, finding the muscles there growing more bold as she was almost ignored. Jenyse kept his attention on her, if he lingered to long on Mina she nipped him, his breath became rapid and ragged, "Mina.. do you think I should put our poor Lord out of his misery?" 

Mina looked at her in confusion, she had never been asked her opinion of anything. The prey caught by the hunter look was all that Jenyse got. 

"No? Then he will just have to wait till you think he is ready. Have you ever played with his ear? Ran a fingertip along the edge, then your tongue? Nipped the lobe? Try it." Jenyse moved to lay on the other side of him, "No hands my Lord, patience has a reward." 

Mina now had moved to try what she suggested, and Jenyse mimicked it. His cock was stiff and leaking the clear pre cum, "Oh see what we made him do." Mina's hand reached down and a finger touched the fluid, caressed that tiny opening and his groan was pleasure mixed with agony and Mina's eyes grew huge. 

"What do you think dearling? Can we make him cum without touching his cock?" Both looked at her with confusion, she reached over, cupping that sweet little face softly, leaning over him and kissing Mina, the slow response was frustrating, but at least she did respond. Her breasts rubbed against his chest, and she knew when Mina shifted to lean more toward her those tiny hard nipples were also tickling him. She moaned against Mina's mouth and encouraged her, soon trembling hands were touching her curiously. 

And laying between them taking in the whole show was a man fascinated and infuriated. He wanted.. he didn't care as long as something wrapped around his cock... And then Mina's cool heavy hair was floating over his stomach, his cock twitched in the silken mass. Jenyse had plucked it loose of it's customary braid. A groan as he watched the pair kiss, red and black, fire and ice. A gasp escaped his lips as that hair curled and stroked his over sensitive cock. 

Jenyse pulled away with a smug look and Mina's eyes were watching as it throbbed and then erupted, white streaks catching in the jet black hair. 

Mina pulled away and the hair caressed his stomach and chest Then warmth and weight, Jenyse was astride him, pressing down on his still hard cock, "Now to have my own fun." She started riding him slowly, no not ride, she danced on top of him, Mina's hands explored his chest, throat, ear... he caught her finger once and sucked it into his mouth to tease her. 

He reflected this was the first time she had ever been willing to touch him. But he had a hard time focusing on her with what the concubine was doing to him. He gasped out loud as she squeezed and milked him with her body, how did a woman do that? Bend and arch her body like that? 

"Mina..will you kiss me." His voice husky and low. He didn't think she would, then a small hand cradled his cheek and hair blinded him. Soft lips, barely brushing against his, he waited, seeing what she would do. Gradually his little apprentice got bolder, now he returned her kiss. Her breath was faster, his nose detected a scent that surprised him, "Mina. Kneel over me.. kiss Jenyse." 

She did as he asked, he had no clue if it was willing or obedience. He also had no care. But she was aroused, he slipped his hands from their bonds and pulled her down, his tongue slipping through those smooth nether lips seeking every drop of her sweet moisture. 

Jenyse was slower, distracted, but the way she moved made him light headed. Gods above and below he was a blessed man right now. Mina was starting to buck and move against him, her soft whines and moans making him eager to suckle and prod at her core, to send her over the edge. 

A flood of nectar flowed over his lips and Mina cried out loudly, he could no longer hold back. He bucked against Jenyse, hot pulses filling the concubine's womb. He half blacked out for a moment, barely aware of shifting bodies, a warm mouth on his cock cleaning it of every drop of the mixed fluids, Jenyse nuzzling his throat.. his eyes opened. Mina willingly doing this task? He reached down and pulled her lightly to him, "You need rest." He pulled both of them close, letting his shield wrap them in comfortable relief from the swamps heat. 

Mina was half asleep laying against him, hearing him snore. Hating herself for the weakness, but also seeing a potential Please him and he was far more pleasant to be around, the concubine was always gentle with her.

A tiny frown he wanted her to share his meals, he might also demand more of her body, yet if it were like this afternoon, even exhausted she could give in to him. The problem was her body liked this very much, it felt good. 

And he was an evil man, a cruel man, a dangerous man, but if he favored her? She could have a better life, a better time as his apprentice. She was learning faster than expected she understood now, she was strong, and once she was fully trained. Then it wouldn't matter if he could make her body tingle and grow languid. 

She would be free. 

______________________

The cooks had managed to make a decent feast of little in a crude surrounding. He had made a plate himself and given it to Mina with orders to eat all of it. "Tomorrow you will have the hunger again, not as bad I did not drive you to full exhaustion. But I expect you to rest, eat and we will discuss more of how to use the shielding spell to protect yourself, both from others and from yourself." 

"From myself?" 

"Yes pet, I will be teaching you fire spells, but to work with them properly you need to be able to shield yourself from the flames." 

"So...the cold between shield and myself...a buffer? And fire to warm against some of the ice spells?" 

He blinked at her then smiled broadly, "Exactly my clever one, also as you saw earlier you can keep yourself comfortable in the worst environments. No more shivering in snow, or sweating in heat." 

"Is that why you wished to come here to the swamps to teach me?" 

Again he nodded, "My master did the same to me, think of it as extra encouragement, the insects will be repelled by the shield as well." Oh he loved that light that shown in her eyes, the sudden awareness, the leaping from one thing realization to the next. She learned faster than her body could handle. "But until you no longer draw from your body for your strength you will only use the shield in an emergency or when casting a fire spell." 

"My Lord? How long till I can draw from the aether rather than have it drain my body?" How soon till she could free herself? 

"I am not sure, you are still growing my pet. Until the core is mature you must bear it's demands. It is like a pregnancy, you will endure the discomfort or die of it, then the core will be.. born and become a separate being that can feed it's self and strengthen you."

Mina very much disliked that thought, and started picking at her meal, "Eat. You have been starving your body and the core is draining you to a shadow. This is why you will be taking meals with me from now on. Besides.. I find the company of two lovely women enjoyable."