 "She is far more lovely than I thought she would be. There is an exotic look to her, that golden skin and black hair, those eyes, were she with us I would be fielding a dozen requests for her as a bride."

Jenyse watched Mina as she roamed the walled garden, thinking herself alone and unseen. "It would be better I think were she destined for a strangers bride.She is so fragile, he almost choked her the other evening."

The elder woman just nodded, "She is stronger than you think child. She has the will to survive, but is also young enough to be molded. We need to temper a monster, not create a second one. Now, your request. It is highly unusual, but yes, I also think it would help her mindset, and may even bond her to you emotionally. "

"Would that not risk your intended goal, Matron?"

"Not if you continue to guide her toward that goal. You will simply become a vine, growing around the pair, binding them."

"And my wish for her stay here?" Jenyse held her breath.

The old woman chortled softly, "Yes. I think the idea an excellent one. Let us teach the lovely one just what power a woman can have."

_________________________

It was so peaceful. A place tucked away and sheltered from the world, locked away and guarded. She drifted along the tiny path and brushed fingertips against the colorful cascades of flowers. Butterflies took to the air and bees were frantically gathering, ignoring her. A fanciful wish, she could be a statue within this garden, nevermore to leave it, never more to be touched by anything harsher than rain and butterflies.

A soft cough and a young lad stood in the doorway, "You are Mina? Guest of the Daughter Jenyse? Please follow me, lunch has been prepared."

She followed reluctantly leaving the bit of paradise she had found. Jenyse and an elderly woman with kind eyes sat at a small table, the scents that rose reminded Mina she had skipped breakfast and dinner had been sparse. The lad drew out a chair then stepped away to grab a tea pot, pouring first for the stranger, then Jenyse, lastly for her. The scent reminded her of the garden, flowers and sweetness. The taste was light, the older woman was called Matron and teased Jenyse mercilessly recounting tales of when the concubine was younger, growing up in the House. Mina nibbled at the treats, trying not to be greedy, strange fruits, tiny sandwiches, tarts and little bites of sweets. Slowly she relaxed, becoming almost drowsy, the room was warm but not hot, a bubbling fountain gave the room a bit of music.

She took Jenyse's hand when it was offered, no question why or where they were going. The bathing chamber, one that made the Lord's look like a hovel. Hands helped her from her gown and she stepped nude into the large pool. More hands running soapy cloths over her, shampooing her hair. She should protest, but it felt good to be pampered. She didn't even have to walk as one of the male attendants lifted her and carried her to a padded table.

Scented oil was massaged into her skin as she laid back and watched the play of light reflecting from the pool onto the ceiling above. Someone was playing music nearby and she closed her eyes. The hands stroked and found every knot and sore spot, she had the amused thought of pouring boneless off the table. Jenyse was also being worked on near her. Hands of strangers.. she should be alarmed.. but the red haired woman looked like she had fallen asleep. Maybe it was alright to simply relax and enjoy the attention. The hands cupped and stroked, tugged her nipples intto hard points, her breathing became uneven. Oiled hands slid between her thighs and she gasped, surprised at the need that suddenly flowed through her. But no touch lingered long enough, no caress was enough.. she whimpered faintly as the hands vanished. She was being dressed. Her hair arranged, perfumed, make up applied by the lightest touches. A mask of lace and feathers was fastened over the upper half of her face. She couldn't know that her eyes looked huge and jewel like in the setting.

She half drifted off as she was carried into a hall that echoed, candlelight flickered, a scent she couldn't place, sultry and arousing, gold and scarlet colors. It was a temple she first thought. Confused as she was settled into a pile of cushions and soft slick cloth, Leaning against Jenyse, "Little one, see the men coming in? I want you to catch the eye of the younger one, look at him, smile, then look down. A breath, another then look back up at him. "

She wanted to ask why, but then the trio were near enough, a small giggle, a flick of the shimmering dark purple silk she was wrapped in did the trick. The young man stopped so abruptly one of the older men ran into him. His eyes were blue as a summer sky at dusk, she smiled, then looked away. A few seconds later she looked back up, drawing the silk up under her chin, unaware the vision she presented of gleaming gold skin and slender limbs entangled with the rich deep twilight purple silk. 

"Her.. " The young mans voice was barely audible, a prayer, "She is so..."

The two older men laughed, "She is the first one you have noticed. And you know that it is far to soon to know who you will be presented to. And that the ones you need to impress are on the dais. But aye lad, that is indeed a sight to behold," His eyes were more taken with Jenyse's lush curves so boldly revealed.

Indeed Mina was the only one in the chamber besides the Matrons who was dressed. A fact the other man quickly noticed and frowned about. Something was different about her and he didn't like the unknown. He shoved lightly to make the younger man move forward.

Mina was feeling giddy, warm and amused at the reaction she had gotten. Jenyse's hands were teasing her now and she writhed happily. Uncaring that she was visible to so many strangers. Others in the room were also occupied with teasing one another. Jenyse could have told her this was traditional introduction to a new patron. The Matrons would watch him closely, seeking interest or disgust. But today it was probably flawed as the young man could not drag his eyes away from Mina. Still the Matrons would test him in other ways. For now.. she reached a hand out to one of the Sons and pulled him toward her, "Brother, can you not help my Little one? I remember your tongue being ever so clever."

Without a bit of concern he moved to Mina's legs, hands sliding up her legs and cupping her hips to lift them slightly, he kissed his way up her thighs, teeth nipping at her delicate skin. Mina's soft cries and moans had the would be patron distracted, he could not see her now, she was behind a pillar, cast in shadows. It was a visible struggle for him to even try and make the polite introduction to the Matrons.

Jenyse and a few others could recognize the small tells among the elder women that showed their amusement at the situation. She was more enchanted with Mina though, she frowned at the need for the sedative, but without her walls up the girl was amazingly sensual. She writhed and squirmed as her tender folds were lavished with attention, amazingly vocal as she sighed and moaned. Her hands were so tightly entwined in her Brother's hair it was a wonder he wasn't wincing. Instead he merely looked up at Jenyse, "Sister you have indeed found a passionate and sweet delight. Thank you for sharing."

Jenyse smiled at him, "Perhaps you would like to help us out later with a lesson? She has only known pain and fear from those who have taken her rosebud."

His eyes flared with lust, "It would be a pleasure if the small one will agree."

Mina at that point would have agreed to anything if someone would just let her have her release. So close, for so long, her whole body shook and trembled. His hair was soft, silken, she wanted more from him, wanted to feel his body against hers, wanted to feel him within her. She whined and hands moved to his arms, "Please.."

He moved so slowly up her body, Jenyse was whispering in her ear, "Oh you will love this, he is very skilled." He slid effortlessly into her body, she was almost dripping with need. He was hard, warm, and yet.. she arched against him. His movements were painfully slow, teasing her body to a new height, nothing existed anymore for her but her body and his, she didn't even realize that Jenyse was stroking her breasts and nibbling at her throat. More hands began stroking her body, more lips on her skin. Others were drawn to Mina's sweet cries, joining in to the coupling. A hard drive into her body made her half scream in pure pleasure, encouraged he became more vigorous, more demanding and Mina flowered beneath him. Her body taking over, primal instinct alone guiding her.

She stiffened, lifting off of Jenyse, almost pushing the strange male upward, then a muffled shriek against his shoulder as her body simply exploded with sensation. She became completely limp and fell back against Jenyse shaking and breathing hard. He smiled and withdrew, moving her like a rag doll, she found herself sprawling against Jenyse, her breasts pressed against the concubines. She was being fondled again, her hips lifted then that wonderful full weight returned driving into her. He took her from behind, his thumb playing with the puckered flesh didn't even register at first. "Yes.. I will enjoying teaching you that this can be just as much fun." His voice was husky with his own need. Mina somehow got the strength to push back against him, silent demand for him to take. She reveled in the hard pace he now set, in the return of bliss, her body so sensitive now that it seemed each stroke pushed her over the edge anew.

Another near shriek and she felt the twitching the pulsing within her, the sticky heat of his cum. She fell limp between the two, cuddled and wrapped in their warmth. Sleep claimed her into it's own embrace.

Jenyse smiled and stroked the midnight curls, then looked at her Brother, "Tomorrow?" She shivered at his look, jealous for a moment of the small woman she held.

_____________________________________________________

"I wonder what they are doing? Probably some boring dinner, poetry or music recital?" The Lord picked up the goblet from beside the tub and drank deeply, "I hope they find something dainty and lacy for her. Oh but I love her skin, perfect, flawless, smooth and soft. I have been thinking of your question. You are right I need a wife. Not yet though, she is still just an apprentice. But once she is fully trained. Her core is already nearly as strong as mine and still developing."

He glanced over at the woman tied to the wall, "I guess you haven't a clue do you Rosie? The core is what allows us to use magic. At first it is attached and dependent on us, then it begins to draw from the aether. It can only grow larger while it is feeding directly on the body though.The size of the core provides the strength of the magi. Hers is still growing, not as swiftly thankfully. The body can only handle so much of a demand. Still if I were not forcing her to drain herself dry every half moon turn she dangerously strong."

He waved the goblet toward her, "I am going to have to bind her heart and mind to me, convince her that I have fallen hopelessly for her, wed her and sire an heir on her. Oh and what a child between the two of us, a magi that might exceed both of us."

He rose from the bath and strode to the rack to get a towel, a check in the mirror to see if he was properly shaved. A nod and he turned his attention to Rosie again, "So you probably wonder what your role here is? I have a concubine, a very expensive one, I have an apprentice that I will eventually wed."

Those washed out blue eyes followed him nervously, her hair was now short golden curls, still enough to grab, not enough to get in the way. He was also pleased to see that there were no curls between her legs. He ran a hand through the short curls pleased that she was clean at least, "Do you remember what I told you?"

"That I am just your whore.." She whimpered.

"Good girl. And what did you learn yesterday?" He tilted her head up to look at him.

"How to suck cocks." Two fat tears ran down her cheeks.

"So show me what you learned." He released the knots letting her free and walked over to a chair and sat down. "Crawl..." He stated as she started to get up and walk. He was pleased how fast she dropped to all fours. Her body was covered in bruises from the first lesson, stripes of color against her pale skin. He sat back as she crawled up his legs, she was far more eager tonight, and actually was a bit more skilled. He still missed Mina's talented tongue. "You are improved. Just how many cocks have been in that mouth now?" He smirked down at her, pleased with the tears that ran down her pink cheeks.

He grabbed a handful of hair and began shoving her head further down, forcing her to swallow his cock fully, nose pressed into the mat of black curls. He closed his eyes as his balls tightened and the salty cum exploded down her throat. He let her go and she gagged and whined, crying miserably. "Clean yourself up. Then we will see what other lessons you need."

He loved the terror in her eyes. More he loved that he had never really seen that terror in Mina's.

________________________________

Mina awoke the next day confused. She was bathed, dressed in a soft night dress, cuddled up in a soft bed... alone. She felt the small aches that told her very well she had not imagined the previous day, that she indeed had been fucked in a.. temple? By a stranger, in view of even more, a memory of pure blue eyes.. a young man who had stared in open appreciation at her. The surrealistic dream.. it had to be.

But her body told her otherwise, she had been well and truly used but not abused. She still had some of the tingling warmth, her body remembered the pleasure.

She crawled from the bed, her stomach growling, she dressed in a simple gown that hung on a hook of her room and crept out to a bright sunlit garden. Jenyse arrive leading a pair of youths that sat up a small table and chairs, then retreated to gather breakfast for them. "How are you this morning Little one?"

"I am.. confused. I .. something.. "

Jenyse laughed, "You my dear enjoyed yourself."

Mina frowned still not understanding what had happened.

"But now I hope you understand something I have had a hard time figuring out about you. That you do not allow yourself to feel pleasure, that you feel it is wrong. But yesterday.. oh Sweet one when you let yourself relax. " She closed her eyes and smiled. "So I have made it a goal, to teach you that it is alright to feel pleasure, to enjoy a nice hard cock. And that you don't need to like or even know the person attached to it."

Mina blinked in shock at the concubine. "What? "

Jenyse shrugged as the trays of food arrived, thick porridge with honey and fruit, crisp bits of smoked meat, small boiled eggs. juice, creamy milk. Mina's mouth water at the sight. "You need to start allowing yourself to take what pleasure you can. To enjoy what life offers when it is offered. Be it an excellent meal in a lovely garden. Or a good fucking. And yes our Lord can be cruel and brutal, but he can also be an excellent lover. Oh that man has a lovely cock and the stamina of a bull."

"Speaking of which, the Brother that you enjoyed so much last eve will be having lunch with us. He is the one I wish to teach you how to enjoy having someone filling you so completely you lose track of yourself. " Jenyse smiled at her, "Oh you didn't think I was going to trust our Lord to be the one to take you the first few times? I want you to to know that it is not something to fear, and something you can very very much enjoy if done right."

Mina almost dropped the glass of juice she was holding, that Jenyse was suggesting.. that she had arranged.. oh gods if he ever found out...