 He awoke a bit confused, warmth pressed against him, soft, the scent of sex lingered, so did a faint spice and heady floral. Mina was curled up on her side, the black hair a veil about her face and shoulders. She looked innocent, relaxed, he could never think of a moment he had seen her so. Even she did not know he watched she was rigid, remote, removed from the world. One could almost see the wall she erected between her and the rest of the world. He knew that was one of the reasons he enjoyed tormenting and degrading her. He had as a youth known too many such, remote, untouchable, he had been beneath their notice. How had a common little whore developed such a manner? Why?

A flicker of anger, how dare she think herself removed from him. His blissful thoughts of the even before lost as his cock hardened and he watched the rise and fall of the small perfect breasts. She slept with the innocence of a child, however those rosebud lips had been stretched around his cock often enough. For that matter his cock had been swollen inside the sleek little body the evening before while those lips had parted with cries of pleasure. He shifted slightly and she murmured in sleep and curled her hands beneath her, burrowing into the thick padding of the bed. He smiled, her skin was golden and sleep warm, her rounded buttocks dainty curves.

He moved carefully not to awaken her too soon, he knelt between her legs, hands loosely cupping her ass and then moving to hold her waist, lifting her up. She whined as she started to wake, confused a moment where she was. Then before she could wake fully and realize where she was, before she could retreat behind her wall he surged forward. His cock parting the soft petals of her sex, pushing into her core with no warning. Her strangled scream was muffled in the pillow that she now clung to.

He paused a moment, holding her still, his cock twitching within her. He watched as she wiggled and tried to find a way to make it easier to take. The stricken confusion thrilled him, the tears that glittered in her eyes. The power to disrupt her calmness was heady, withdrawing till the fat dome was all that remained within her. The shudder of relief, then slamming deeper into her and making her gasp in pain. He could feel her body cramping, trying to push him out of her unprepared body. It felt like paradise and yet enraged him further, how dare she try and reject him. His pace was merciless, her screams turned to whimpers and moans as her mind began retreating from the pain he inflicted on her body.

He wanted her to scream again, wanted the music of her pain to spice his pleasure. The small puckered opening nestled between her ass cheeks caught his attention, he withdrew his cock and pumped his fingers into her cunt harshly, one, two them three. Then pressing against the tight hole, her eyes opened and she struggled briefly, but it was in vain. His first finger slipped in and she started begging him to not do this.

His second finger pushed into the tight ring and made her yelp. So intent on his new task he had not heard his bedchamber door open, not noticed the soft shift of the bed, but fingers wrapping around his hard cock startled him. He looked at the smiling face of his concubine, "You seem to have started your day early." He groaned as the soft fingers began stroking him, skill and training allowing her to know tricks that would have had an average man spurting in moments. Even as her head bent to his lap and a tongue stroked along his shaft, over his dome, "Oh.. she is sweet isn't she?" The red head cooed and began devouring his cock eagerly. He slowed his assault on Mina, torn between hearing her scream as he fucked her ass, and simply allowing his concubine to continue to do what she was doing.

Mina was crying, a rough choking sound, he withdrew his fingers and turned her onto her back, tear stained cheeks and terrified eyes. His cock throbbed hard, having a hot mouth and the sight of two women, one eager and lovely, the other shattered and trapped.. A groan and he came spurting into the concubines throat and she purred in delight. All that made it less than perfect was the glazed look of his apprentice, the wall had come down and removed her from him in someway.

He stroked the bright red hair and smiled indulgently at her, "You were missing last night Jenyse."

*****

Jenyse shrugged, "I am always at the command of the Matron. You know that. Were it my choice would have been your bed, not a cold cell." She spared a quick almost dismissive glance at the apprentice. Was she too late? A few moments later and the Lord Magi would have torn into the smaller girl. She feared there was something horrifically wrong. But she could not appear interested in the girl, not just yet. She had to distract and reduce the risk to the girl.

A pout touched her reddened lips, "Now.. have you wasted all your strength or can My Lord rise once more to the occasion?" She knew full well he would and could. She understood that what had made her and the few others suitable was the healers gift, not enough to become true healers but enough.. just enough to allow certain actions. Such as bringing his cock back to hardness with a mere touch of her fingertips, restoring his vigor and lust.

He groaned and the growled, lust blazed in his eyes and she smiled at him. "There is the Lord I know. So you haven't worn yourself out on the little one. But looks as if you have worn her out." She ran hands over the girl, disliking the flinching, but finding the girl's body not as damaged as she feared. She ran fingertips between the girls legs, still wet from his use of her, bringing those fingers up to suckle on them. Oh how his eyes flared at that, she moved away from him and over to the girl. She crawled up the trembling body, whispering softly in her ear, "Relax, this will be pleasure."

She moved slowly kissing Mina's unresponsive lips, trailing down her throat, toying with first one then the other nipple. She felt the Lord Magi move to watch them, his hand stroking down her back in fascination. So he had thought of this himself, and now would do nothing to distract from it's possibility. Good.. she wanted him to find the greatest pleasure coming to him when the Little One was also being given pleasure. Eventually she would at the Matron's command train him to think his greatest pleasure came from the girl. She still didn't understand the final plan, but she was obedient. Besides, it would suit her to see the girl made happier.

She now knelt over the girl and ran hands down her body, "Such a tiny little thing My Lord, but so very sweet, like a newly ripe peach. Still firm, a little tart, but the sweetness is coming. It needs only a little more time and coaxing.. " As she bent over, her bright red hair trailed over the golden skin, she wiggled her hips and grinned up at him. "Are you going to be lazy My Lord? Or will you not attend my needs while I make coax this little one to giving up her nectar?"

He didn't have to be asked twice, he was behind her, hands gripping her hips and cock prodding at her folds. She chuckled at his eagerness, and ran a hand over the girl's flat stomach, "See Little One, you just have to ask nice."

Oh but those eyes held nothing but fear and confusion, she ran her tongue over the silky smooth skin that guarded her tender treasure. It would take a good deal of skill to override the fear and pain, the memories that made the body beneath her tremble. She wiggled her hips, then arched her back, sighing in delight as he slid deep into her. "Little gods of the sky.. that feels so good. "

His answering growl echoed her thoughts and she started to tease the girl, flat of her tongue running over the smooth sex, then tongue diving in between the folds and tickling the tiny hidden gem. His strokes were slow, deep, languid, he was more entranced with the show than the act at the moment. Again she used her faint healers spark, this time to sooth the aches, the bruises, mend a small tear, as pain vanished the girl started to squirm nervously. Those first tiny mews of confused pleasure made her purr and redouble her efforts. No trick she had ever learned was spared.

Slowly she coaxed the girl into writhing pleasure, the legs relaxing, the folds puffy with need, soon it was not the taste of his cum, but something clean, sweet and salty. She purred and the vibration made the girl moan and arch her back from the bed, hands knotted into the covers. She felt him swell and lunge forward at that sound, that vision, perfect.. now more of her tricks, she moved and gripped his cock inside of her, milking it. Fingers drove into the tight body and found a soft pillow or flesh , beckoning gestures timed with her tongue caressing the clit.. the girl half screamed as the first wave of pleasure shook through her body.

An answering roar and his hands gripped her hard, pulling her tight against him, spilling his seed deep inside her body. Hunching over her, breathing hard against her back. She twisted a bit and offered him her coated fingers, he looked puzzled a second then drew them into his hot mouth, a surprised look and he chased every last trace of the girl's fluid from her fingers. "You are so lucky to have found such a sweet little peach."

*****

Mina tried to relax in the bath, the water was hot, soothing, the fact that she was currently resting in her Master's lap, was not comforting. Nor was the concubine that was scrubbing her skin with a soft sponge. The two talked, teased, sipped wine, even offered her sips of it, nibbled on bits of fruit... they acted as if it were perfectly normal for the three of them to share the over sized marble tub. Maybe it was for them.

He was soft and unresponsive still she tried to stay as still as possible. Her sex ached, and was tender it was almost pleasant to have his soft cock brushing against her hairless nether lips. His hands would lazily stroke over her skin, he bent forward once and teased a nipple to hardness, laughing at her reaction. They would feed her tidbits, slices of apples, cherries, segments of sunfruit. "Too bad it is not yet time for peaches." He teased her nipple with a strawberry then brushed it against her lips, "But now I have a little peach do I not?"

His mood had swung so wildly again she dared not breathe, this morning she had awoken to his anger, his rage and desire for her pain. Now he was treating her like a beloved pet. Jenyse, she now knew the red haired woman's name, seemed to have not a bit of fear of her Master. Then again a royal Concubine of Sinra was far more valuable than a mere common whore who had the mage core. Jenyse was a symbol of power among both nobles and magi.

She dared not refuse either of them, dared do nothing to anger them. She hated herself in this moment, hated this new game, hated what this pair had done to her body. The weakness, the moments of blindness, the almost wish for their touch again. She shivered and the pair took notice, "Are you getting chilled? I was meaning to teach you aura shields today. But it is far to late to start out to the Swamps now. Instead I think that you will study a bit more today." He leaned forward and she froze as his lips brushed against her throat, "Or maybe we shall spend the day at rest."

Jenyse laughed softly, "You would make her raw and worthless for anything. What about taking a ship to the swamps? A pleasant evening aboard ship, a night beneath the moon, the waves turning the ship into a cradle..."

He lifted an eyebrow in thought, "It has been sometime since I had such leisure. And you are right, the ship will make a far more comfortable retreat when we are not at lessons. And will allow her to arrive rested and refreshed enough to pay attention."

He stood gathering her in his arms, and placing her on the rug, handing her a thick towel, "Dry me off." Mina obeyed without hesitation, running the towel over his body. Unlike some Magi he was well muscled and toned, He was not ugly in looks, for all his manners were. Many a woman would find him charming, at least till they knew him.

His cock twitched to life and his hand was in her hair, forcing her to kneel, She simply ceased thinking and did as she knew he desired. Her lips parted and tongue traced along the length, running along the veins, finding the small place beneath the head that made him draw in a deep breath. Her hands encircled the base and cupped the heavy balls tenderly, looking up at him she slowly started the process of drawing him into her mouth, the ache of her stretched lips ignored, the desire to gag as she swallowed and moved gracefully. She was aware of the concubine stroking her Master, kissing him, watching her, both now had hands in her hair, petting, stroking.

She felt the tightening of the balls, felt the twitching.. and then he groaned and salty liquid flooded her throat, threatened to choke her. She fought the panic until she could breathe, looking down at her hands and controlling the urge to heave. They patted her head like a good pet and wandered off to finish grooming and dressing. She rose and gathered the towels, placing all but one in a pile then wrapping it about and crept off down the hall to her room.

A servant arrived a short while after with a trunk for traveling and left it just inside her door. Packing was fairly easy she had little. But she had never been on a ship before, it sounded at once exciting and terrifying. More so with the recent change in her Masters behavior. She would almost prefer the mindless abuse to the past days changes. She steadied herself again. Just survive till she was a magi.. then no one would touch her again.

Ever.

*****

Many a plan went awry for the Lord Magi, it turned out his apprentice suffered seasickness so severe that a few of the crew thought it would be best to land early and let her recover. At least Jenyse had no issue, other than it seemed the sea made her utterly insatiable. Not that he was going to complain. It made his trip fair more pleasant. Would be a day longer than planned. No way the girl would be fit for training until she had rested and eaten. Neither would happen till she was on solid ground.

He was also undecided about another issue. If he wished to seduce the girl. Then he would need another play toy. A war captive.. or near enough who could not complain. He would have to join in on one of the border raids, or perhaps one of the uprisings. There was the that one convent that was suspected of housing rogue nobles.. that could give him the perfect toy. 

Jenyse was near exhausted from keeping the Lord distracted, but she checked one more time on the now sedated apprentice. She had never been on water before and never should have been it seemed. The girl had finally emptied her stomach, it had taken almost a dozen doses till enough had stayed down for her to pass out.

A crew member was assigned to stay near encase she started choking in her sleep. Killing the object of the Matrons plans would not be a credit to her. She brushed a stray stand of black hair from the girls pallid face. "Rest Little One, you have a very hard task ahead of you. But I promise I will make it better than the one you would have had."