 He was restless. It told in his small cruelties, but he was forced to control most of his urges. The girl was becoming too valuable to use. Something he had not actually foreseen. His concubine was not someone he could abuse as he wished. The servants were also not truly useful. He needed something.. rather someone. A week now he had been paying more attention to reports and raids. He was looking for an opportunity, one of the noble families caught in rebellion. But one that had what he sought an adult unwed daughter. Someone he could make a toy out off with no remorse, no need to hold back.

Tonight had finally offered something of interest, a family that may have hidden away the children from one of the exiled houses. He had agreed to have it investigated as they were closest to his area. In council he had seemed bored and annoyed, sent to chase children. But it had been almost seven years, perhaps not children anymore. Perhaps a daughter.. or the family would have one. He would prefer a noble blood.. but at this point he would take a peasant until he could find what he wanted. Tomorrow...

Until then, he strode down the hall to the new room he had installed his apprentice in. She sat at a desk reading not noticing him yet. He was amazed the complete order of the room, the bookcase he had filled for her was perfect order of subject and authors. A dresser had her various brushes, perfumes and makeup on it. He swore he could measure the distance between the items and find it identical. The rug was perfectly aligned to the bed, the covers had not a single wrinkle. Her room was a glimpse into her mind, perfect order, demanded regiment. This was why she would make a strong mage.. maybe even an archmage. His toy might have been lost, but he had a weapon in his possession. A half growl, and that was why he needed to be gentler with her.

She whirled, the eyes huge and still holding fear, he smiled reassuringly, "I came to check on your studies. It seems I may be away for a few days." He worried that she was able to stay so neutral in expression, so distant. Damn it he wanted her to cling to him, to start needing his attention, to bind her self to him. That ability to wall herself away annoyed him more than he wanted to admit. Just like all the highborn bitches in his youth. He walked over, "Come.. spend this evening in my bed." He was careful to offer it as a question, but she knew it was a command. After all she would have days of freedom from him.

He led her down the hall, another advantage of her new room for him, she was within easy reach on a whim. "Strip for me little one." He released her hand and sat down on a chair, watching as she unbuttoned the night robe, beneath a thin gown that clung to her faint curves. Softest white a bridal gown, it made her skin golden and hair blacker, the ribbons loosened and she drew it from her body, thin lace decorated her rather than hid her privates. He motioned for her to come closer, he wanted to remove these. Stroking her skin as she stood before him, soft, smooth, flawless. He pulled her to kneel in front of him and sat back, "I would enjoy those lovely lips."

Mina started to undress him wordlessly, hands running along his thighs to part the robe and let it fall to either side. The caressing hands stroked his thighs, coming so close, but avoiding for the moment, till he was half hard. His cock twitching and moving with a mind of it's own now. She bent her head, tip of tongue brushing so lightly over the silky skin of his shaft that he felt breath more than anything else. But looking down, the flicker of her tongue against him very visible. Mina felt the jolt through his body, at that she looked up at him, then very slowly took the thick dome between her lips, half kissing it, half suckling at it. Ever so slowly she took him into her mouth, heat, pressure, the tongue pressing up against it, the hands still stroking and squeezing the shaft. She continued taking as much of him as she could without choking, not relenting until she felt the tightness, felt the heavy balls lifting in their protective sack.

He drew he up and away from her task. He wanted more now, he wanted to feel her sleek little body tighten about him. He picked her up and carried her to the bed. Laying her down so her legs hung off the edge he knelt there between the tanned thighs and toyed with the lace that pretended to hide her nether lips from him. Bending to breath over it and feel her jump, her breath becoming faster. His tongue teased her through the rough lace, then he slid it to a side. Tongue slowly parting the puffy folds and tormenting the clit that was still hiding beneath it's hood.

He was amused as she tried not to wiggle to much, he could affect her. He could break that wall now and force her to feel. He rose and looming over her kissed her, she was still timid of kissing him back. Or reluctant, he pushed forward, his cock making the lace slip again to the side, a scratchy feeling against his cock, but her body was silky, soft and barely wet enough to slip into. But enough, he thrust deeply making her cry out. Mina's back arched from the bed and the angle changed squeezing him so tight he groaned. He ceased caring and began a punishing assault on the small body. He wanted to hear her cries and whimpers, wanted her screams, but he held back enough.. just enough that when he finally came she was breathing hard and tight with unspent need, but not in pain.

He withdrew and sat on the bed, pulling her to lay face down across his lap. A playful swat on the taunt ass made her yelp, but it didn't even redden. His hand slid between her thighs and fingers played with her still aroused cunt, thumb toyed with the small pucker of flesh. "Maybe while I am gone

Jenyse can show you how to loosen this enough for us to enjoy." 

Mina fought between the arousal and the fear of his words, she didn't want to enjoy this, didn't want him taking her ass. It hurt, she remembered to well the burning fire of his fingers tearing into her. His cock was far larger. She felt her body become tight, shaking, the small jolts and her body leaping like a fish in his lap. Even as she came he slid his thumb into her asshole and fingers into the now milking sheath of her cunt. He kept her aroused and prolonged it even as he carefully pushed deeper past the tight ring of muscle. "See.. doesn't have to hurt." He coo'ed as she hid her face and tears in the thick comforter.

----------------------

It was not a large place, nor the smallest. A bit larger than average, a bit wealthier, a bit more comfortable, but not enough so to make it obvious the reason. The woman was hanging laundry out, several small children running about, a younger woman was working in the kitchen garden, or almost seemed to be playing in it. Every member of the family was the same, stocky dark brown hair, sun rough skin, except the woman in the garden, blond ringlets and pink cheeks, a fancier dress than the rough homespun wool of the others.

She was perfect for his needs, likely the older woman had been a nanny, too fond to let her charge face the fate of the rest of the family. Stole a few bits and bobs, the child and taken refuge here to build a life and start having children herself with the regularity of spring following winter. The only question now was what to do with them? He wanted the girl, but so would the council. He had no use of the family, but they might well complain if he left them.

Even as he was thinking the younger children were racing off to a creek out of sight, the woman returning to the wash kettle. And the girl was gathering a basket and prancing off toward the woods. He was able to follow her until far enough away. From there is was a matter of charm, riding up alone on a horse, "Such a lovely lady alone in the woods?"

The girl tittered and fussed with her basket, "Nana says I shouldn't talk with strangers."

"Does this Nana have such control of your life?" He got off the horse smiling, pleased now he had decided to wear the more formal garments and that the girl was easily impressed. "And how is it that such a rose has come to bloom in such an isolated place."

"Nana brought me here when she got married. My parents will come for me one day she says." A smile and a giggle, "She says one day I will be a lady."

"Maybe they will send someone, are you little Vylana?"

Her blue eyes widened and she dropped the basket, "Oh yes! Have Mummy and Daddy sent you?"

He smiled and took her hand, lifting her up onto the horse, "Why else would I be seeking a precious pink rose in the forest?" He would have to reward the spy with extra gold for making this far too easy. "They are at my estate, I know they wish to see you as soon as possible. Then we can send a reward to your Nana."

The girl settled happily against him and not even a bit of fuss as they rode though the woods toward a hunting lodge. Tonight would be most enjoyable for him at least. "I think I will call you Rosie."

Another giggle, that was getting on his nerves, "Silly.. that isn't my name."

Oh but it would be...