 Jeff and Laura walked down to the kitchen this morning to find most of the women from last night still at the house. They were all gathered around Piroska, laughing and sharing stories when they walked in. 

Piroska was smiling when she saw them walk in. Her face lit up even more when Jeff smiled at her and asked, "I hope all of you enjoyed our time together last night, I know we did ourselves?"

Piroska spoke up quickly, "I can honestly say that was exactly what we were all talking about Master. We all did enjoy ourselves and wouldn't mind doing it all over again, only if you wanted too, of course!"

Katalin and Laura both grinned at each other; Jeff had an idea that they were going to be busy talking as soon as they got the chance, so he asked Piroska if he could talk with her alone for a bit.

"Of course Master, would you like to talk out on the veranda?" Piroska responded joyfully.

~~~~~~~~~~

Piroska took Jeff by the hand and walked outside with him. Jeff had only known her for a short while, but he was positive that she had more energy than she had the past few days, she was almost glowing. 

Jeff smiled at her and asked, "Piroska, if I didn't know better, I would say you look twenty years younger today, what's going on with you?"

"Oh Master, I feel rejuvenated today! I feel like the world is my oyster after last night. Thank you for including me, you don't really understand what a women feels when she is pregnant, do you?" she asked with a Cheshire cat smile on her face.

Jeff smiled at her, he hadn't thought of that, she and all of the other women were now pregnant, carrying his children. It now made sense to him; a sixty two year old woman's life had changed forever last night! She was way past her prime child bearing years, but here she stood, looking like a much younger woman today. If she wanted him to, he could help by making her be as young as she felt right now.

"Piroska, I can make you feel much younger and add many years to your life. Would you like me to do this for you?" Jeff asked her. 

Piroska look at Jeff with a knowing smile on her face, saying "Master, I would love for you to do that for me. I didn't want to ask you to do this, but if I am going to raise our child, I would very much like to be a part of his or her life much longer than what I would be able to on my own. Thank you so much for this gift of our child and helping me stay on this earth much longer than I should be able to."

Jeff took her hands into his own, and wished for Piroska to be healthy and much younger than she was now, and to stay young for another fifty years. Her body immediately started changing; her hair color returned to its original color, every wrinkle that she had disappeared, and her posture went back to what it was in her thirties. She felt much better, but had no idea of just how beautiful she was now that Jeff had changed her.

"Piroska, I think you ought to find a mirror to see just how much you've actually changed! You are a very beautiful woman; I hope our child takes after his gorgeous mother!" Jeff said as he admired her.

Piroska jumped out of her chair and ran into the house to find the closest mirror to see what Jeff was talking about. No one recognized her as she ran by them on her way to the hall mirror. What she saw astonished her; never in a million years would she have believed what she could see staring back at her. Jeff had returned her youth to her as well as given her a child that would be a sorcerer. She just couldn't believe what she was looking at in the mirror; this was a miracle to her.

Several of the other women in the kitchen followed her down the hall to see who she was. When she turned to them with that smile of hers, they knew who it was, but none of them could believe what they were seeing. Katalin was one of those women; she was astonished to see her Grandmother looking like all of the pictures she used to look at as a child.

"Grandmother, is this really you? Oh my God, what happened to you?" Katalin asked in disbelief.

Piroska was all smiles when she answered her, "Master has made me young again so that I can be here to raise our child! I just can't believe it myself, what do you think?"

She twirled around, showing off the girlish figure that she used to have. Everyone in the hall was simply astonished; they had always admired her photographs like Katalin had as a child. They all reached and grabbed her into a huge group hug, all of them in tears of joy for Piroska.

~~~~~~~~~~

Laura saw what Jeff had done for her as well; she was very pleased with what Jeff had done. She walked out on the veranda to find him sitting there, deep in thought.

"Master, you have done a great thing here today. I can't tell you just how much you have changed Piroska's life. She is all smiles in there with her family. I am so glad that Katalin asked me to come over here with her, I wouldn't have missed it for anything in the world!" Laura said with a smile on her face.

Jeff looked at her and asked, "Are you sure you're going to be ok with all of this? This was a lot to take on for sure."

"I wouldn't change anything Master, I realize that you have taken on a huge responsibility with the Zera family, but it just feels so right for you to have done it!" she responded.

Jeff agreed with her, he knew from what he saw in Piroska's eyes once he had made the changes to her, that her life was changed for the better. 

~~~~~~~~~~~

Carrying a child again was something she had wanted for years before her husband got sick and passed away. Once he was ill, there was no way he was ever going to be a father again, and this had caused Piroska many years of sorrow. She had never remarried or even looked at another man, that is, until Jeff came into her life.

Jeff reminded her lot of her deceased husband, not only in his looks, but his mannerisms. There was just something about Jeff that drew her to him. It was almost as if it was her husband that she had been looking at and talking to these past few days. It was going to be very hard on her when Jeff left them eventually! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Laura did you and Katalin have a chance to talk when Piroska and I came out here to the veranda?" Jeff asked her curiously.

Laura looked at him, wondering if he had been reading her mind. She smiled before she asked, "Master, do you really know me this well, or did you just read my mind?"

Jeff laughed when she asked him this. He hadn't been reading her mind, but her body language. She looked like the cat that swallowed the canary and wanted to let everyone know it was still in her mouth.

"Angel, I can just read it on your face, what did you two talk about?" Jeff asked her.

Laura eyes lit up when he asked her, she looked away for a moment before replying, "Just some girl talk is all!"

"Don't make me have to read your mind Angel, out with it!" Jeff exclaimed.

Laura grinned a devilish smile before she started off by saying, "Master, we talked about last night. She wanted to know if you were using your powers to make me feel the way you did. I told her the only thing that you used it for was to make yourself have a second penis, and that you used your will to make yourself last as long as you did...oh and that you used your power to fill my pussy completely. That's about it!"

"And what else did she say about last night?" Jeff asked her.

"Oh, she wanted to know if it had always been so good between the two of us when we had sex. I told her that you had some kind of power over me even when you didn't use any of your ring's power. She had never had an orgasm from her nipples and she said that it was wonderful! That's about it Master." Laura said.

Jeff thought a moment before saying anything else. He was getting horny talking about it, and asked her if she wanted to sneak off to their room for a morning of pleasure. She immediately jumped up and drug him off to their room.

~~~~~~~~~~~

"Master, do you think you could link my body to just Katalin's this time?" Laura pleaded.

Jeff thought about it before asking, "Was that something else that ya'll talked about Angel, me linking you with only her?"

Laura smiled impishly before saying, "Master, I don't want you to actually sleep with her, but she asked if you could do this again for her. She is in her room waiting to feel you make love to me again. Can you do this for us, please? This time though, I don't want you to use your powers at all. She wanted to know what we did without them and how it felt just to be with you!"

Jeff pulled Laura into a deep kiss, before saying, "I will see what I can do for you baby!"

Jeff turned Laura around, nibbling on her neck and ears. He slowly lifted her blouse up and off of her body. He started blowing in her ear softly, and then kissed her neck before he bit down on it softly. He reached up and took both of her hard nipples in his fingers, twisting them, making her squirm in his arms. He twisted them even harder, making them orgasm in just a few seconds. He let up on her nipples, only to begin flicking them back and forth, letting Laura cool back down.

He reached down to pull Laura's pants and panties off of her and ran both hands back up to her waist, pushing her toward to the bed.

"Lay down on your back Angel, I want to kiss you all over!" Jeff commanded her.

He nibbled her right nipple before sucking it firmly into his mouth, clamping down with his teeth while flicking his tongue back and forth across the nipple. This made her moan softly how good it felt. 

He began sucking the nipple into his mouth like a baby would do, making her orgasm from the intensity of his sucking. He nibbled over to the other nipple, flicking his tongue all around the nipple, but avoiding it for a couple of minutes. 

She pulled his mouth across the hard nipple, but he moved quickly past it. When her breathing increased, Jeff bit her nipple hard, before sucking it into his mouth. She loved how this hurt almost as much as it felt good. Jeff clamped down on her nipple with his teeth, making her orgasm again from the pleasure and pain.

He began to trace down the center of her abdomen, down to her wet pussy, where he began to lick up and down the slit of it. He licked back up to her clit, circling around it before he traveled back to her opening. He stuck his tongue in as far as it would go before licking up toward the beginning of her G spot. Jeff pulled his tongue out, replacing it with his middle finger and rubbed circles on her G spot, making her ejaculate all over his face. His tongue found her clit again while he maintained firm pressure on her G spot. He matched the rhythm of his tongue with his finger, and kept it up until Laura screamed in ecstasy as she came for him once again.

Jeff rolled Laura over onto her side; facing away from him so he could slide his thumb into her pussy, pressing hard against her G spot. He kept it there for a few moments, before he reached up with his thumb to bounce it against her cervix, sliding back down to her G spot. He kept this up until she came for him, forcing her ejaculate to spray around his thumb.

Jeff pulled his thumb out,and slid his index finger into her wet pussy. He then proceeded to slide it into her ass. Once he had his finger was lodged in her ass, he pushed his middle and ring finger into her pussy to rub her G spot for her while using his pinky finger to rub her clit for her. 

Laura had hoped that he would give her Triple D so that Katalin could experience it as well. She knew that Katalin would be ready to cum with her in just a moment.

"Yes Master, I love it when you do this baby!" Laura screamed out as she came once again.

Jeff began to rub everything really fast, building them both up to an earth shattering orgasm. 

"Hold it for me Angel; I am going to make you cum so hard for me in just a moment, hold it back for me!" Jeff ordered her.

His hand was moving back and forth inside of her, making her beg him to let her cum for him. He ordered her to hold it until he released her to cum. He kept up the fast pace that he had worked up to until her legs started shaking.

"Now, Angel cum for me, right now!" Jeff commanded.

Both women screamed out their orgasms as they both shot ejaculate all over the bed. Laura was almost in tears, it felt so damn good to her. Katalin had never in her life orgasmed so hard; she almost passed out from the pleasure she was receiving. Jeff slowed down his hand for a few moments, before he started the buildup once again.

He had them both at the plateau of orgasm in only a few seconds. He didn't make Laura wait this time; he just drove them over the edge again as fast as he could. 

Katalin did pass out this time, Jeff had just blown her mind with the pleasure he was giving them. Never before had she experienced simultaneous orgasms from her ass, G spot, and her clitoris before today. Now that she had done it twice in a row, it was just too much for her body to handle.

Jeff pulled his hand from Laura's orifices, and rolled her over to kiss her deeply, their tongues dueling in each others mouth. 

He pulled back from Laura, looking into her eyes, and asked her, "Do you think she's still with us?"

"I don't know Master, I've had this several times, but if I am right, she's passed out cold right about now!" Laura exclaimed with laughter.

~~~~~~~~~~~

Jeff asked her, "Baby, help me get my clothes off, please? I want you to take me in your mouth and get me ready to fuck you!"

Laura reached up and pulled Jeff's shirt off of him. She reached and undid his belt before unzipping his pants and helped him out of his pants, pulling down his underwear at the same time. She pushed him back on the bed before she licked his shaft up and down, wetting it with her saliva to help ease him down her throat. She sucked the head lightly before flicking her tongue in the opening of his dick. Taking the head back into her mouth, she slid him all the way into her mouth and down into her throat. 

"Oh Angel, that feels so fucking good! I love it when you take me down your throat like that!" Jeff moaned.

Laura pulled back up to the head before sliding his dick slowly back in all the way again. She loved to feel the head of Jeff's dick in her mouth; she loved the soft spongy feel of it. She got off on having his dick in her throat; it felt almost as good as when he was fucking her pussy to her. She worked up and down on it slowly, making Jeff feel so good.

~~~~~~~~

Suddenly, there was a soft knock on the door. It startled both of them. 

It was Katalin, asking "Master, may I please come in, I won't bother either of you, but please, may I?"

Laura didn't know what to say or do; she certainly wasn't expecting her to want to come into their room with them. She looked up at Jeff and was about to say something, when he asked her what she thought about Katalin coming in.

"Katalin, as long as you aren't expecting anything, I guess it would be okay." Laura said softly.

"Guys, I am so sorry if it bothers either of you, but I just wanted to watch what you two are doing. I have never felt anything like you two have made me feel, and I just wanted to be able to see what I am feeling. Is this alright with you, Master?" Katalin asked with her head bowed.

"If it's alright with Laura, I guess it will be okay with me." Jeff said to her.

Laura didn't know what to say or think about it. She could understand where Katalin was coming from though. If she had only been able to just feel the orgasms like Katalin had been doing, she would probably be knocking on the door herself right about now.

"I guess it will be alright if you lay on the bed, but absolutely no touching. I won't like that at all, and it's the best I can do!" Laura said.

Katalin crawled up beside them on the bed and lay back, doing her best to get comfortable. Laura went back to sucking Jeff's dick, timidly at first, but after a few minutes, she was giving it her all. This was definitely something new to her, but she got used to the idea quickly. After all, Jeff was both of their Masters, and she really wanted Katalin to enjoy everything he did to her. If seeing it take place made it better for her, she was going to give her a great show!

Laura got up and turned away from Jeff and sat down onto his erection. She loved how this made his dick hit her G spot and she settled into a grinding motion that rubbed the head of his dick back and forth on it. In only a minute, they both ejaculated from the orgasm it gave her.

"Oh Laura, that was so beautiful to watch and feel at the same time. Thank you so much for letting me in!" Katalin said excitedly. It just wouldn't have been the same if I couldn't see what you were doing."

Laura went back to grinding her clit and G spot on Jeff's turgid erection. It didn't take long before she and Katalin ejaculated again, both soaking the bed with it. Laura smiled over at Katalin, hoping she was getting the full effect now.

~~~~~~~~~~~

"Angel, lie back on the bed for me, I want to be on top now!"

When Laura lay back on the bed, Katalin reached over and took Laura's hand and held onto it. They both looked at each other and smiled.

"Katalin, I am going to take Laura's feet and put them against my chest, it gives the best angle for my dick to pound into her G spot. Be ready because she is going to come in about twenty seconds from it!" Jeff exclaimed with a smile on his face.

He lined the head of his dick up with her opening, and paused. He took Laura's hand out of Katalin's and grabbed her other as well. Getting a good grip on her hands, he pulled her hard onto his dick down to the base, banging into her clit with his pubic bone as well. He kept pulling on her hands, slamming himself into her. Like he had previously warned Katalin, Laura came hard in about twenty seconds, forcing Jeff's dick to be pushed out of Laura's pussy, and both women ejaculated once again. 

Jeff slid back into Laura's pussy and reached out to grab both of her nipples in his fingers and twisted hard on them. This made Laura's pussy clamp down hard on Jeff's dick, forcing her to orgasm once again. When this one passed, he started slamming his dick over and over again inside of Laura's pussy. The girls both reached out and took the other one's hand in theirs again.

Katalin couldn't believe how good this felt to her. She could feel Jeff's dick as it slammed into Laura. It was hitting her G spot just like Jeff had said it would. They both came again in a few moments.

"Has it always been so easy for you cum like this Laura? Usually, I might get one orgasm, but Master just keeps making you orgasm over and over with ease. I can't get over how many times you have cum so far!" Katalin asked while smiling at both of them. 

Laura relied back, "Master has always done this to me. I never was able to before with anyone else, but he has done this to me from the first time we made love. I love it!"

Just then, another orgasmed rolled through her body, making her legs quiver. Katalin just held on for the ride. She was never going to be the same after today, she hoped! Jeff just kept on slamming his dick into their bodies.

"It's not going to be long now Angel, I can feel it starting to grow." Jeff said to Laura.

Katalin smiled at Laura, she could feel his dick growing as well as Laura could. 

"Cum inside of me Master, fill my pussy with your love!" Laura cried out as another orgasm racked her body.

Jeff roared out before he came, "Angel, your pussy feels so damn goooooooood, I'm there!"

Jeff slammed his dick hard into Laura's pussy and held himself tight to her body. He shot rope after rope of his cum into her, bringing her to another orgasm. This one caused her to ejaculate him out of her pussy as she blasted off with Katalin, spraying Jeff with her juices.
