 (Sorry so much for the delay! Got swamped there for a while, but I thoroughly appreciate all the response I got for more in the meantime. I'll try not keep you waiting too long for the next installment. Enjoy!)



 The following story takes place in an alternative history. All STDs were cured in the 90s and rampant population growth is controlled by year-long birth control for both sexes that's administered every time you renew your ID. Most sexual taboos are no longer a moral battlefront save for bestiality and pedophilia and sex in general is seen more as entertainment or a sport, rather than something connected specifically to love or mating. Sexfighting, where two individuals competitively try to make each other orgasm, is wildly popular. To participate in Sexfighting, one must get their Consent License through a series of classes and health screenings. This particular story follows nineteen year old transgirl Allison Heut. Allison is a young dickgirl aspiring to be a champion sexfighter. 

Her parents are out of town for the next few weeks and she just got her Consent License.

Her first match was against her amiable ex-girlfriend, Suze. Alli won, but only barely.

Later she would discover that her friendly neighbor and lifetime crush Mrs. Madison Koufax was none other than 1988 World Champion, The Crimson Queen.

Tonight, Allison and her friend Kaylee discuss plans to ask Mrs. K a very important question.

Would she be Allison's coach?



————————————————————————————–

 "Mrrgllkkkllmmpphmphhh"

"Wha?"

"MMrrgGGlllKKKLLmmPPHHmmpph"

"Nope. Didn't catch that, KP."

'SPPAOOPkkaaa' was roughly the sound it made as Kaylee "Trigger" Parker released her liplock from around her BFF Allison's fleshy flagpole. However, after a wipe of her mouth and some small amount of panting, she was able to answer properly.

"That's so fucking hot~" Kay moaned out, pointing at the screen."

 The two bosom buddies were nestled comfily on the Heut's living room couch. Here they had shared countless slumber parties and sleepovers—although in both cases neither tended to get much sleep. This occassion was no exception as the two were locked in a binge watching marathon of archive footage featuring Alli's innocent-seeming neighbor Mrs. Koufax revealed to be a former world champion sexfighter, The Crimson Queen. 

 On the screen, as Kay was referencing, the newest idol of theirs was using her signature technique on yet another lucky opponent. While her 'Throne Buster' techinque obviously was more suited against males with stiff ridable cocks, this scene showcased how it was appliciple against pussy as well. 

 The buxom goddess-next-door had her round rump pinning a much younger girl's legs back against her chest. Scooping thrusts mashed their squishy clamshells together over and over. The blur of grinding had relented as the camera zoomed in.

Allison and Kaylee both froze, gawking in awe at the hyper-erotic action as it all became so much more pronounced. 

 Each scooping thrust started with TCQ sliding down the back of her victim's sweat-slicked thighs. It only took a short scoot down to make their pussies smooch, the lewd labia liplock joining The Queen's puffy pillowy ivory mound with the spread tanned gasp of the female below. Pink melted into pink, their combined juices slavering around the rim of the embrace then dribbling down when Misses K humped into her with a bluntly sexual jaunting out of her lower body. 

The wiggling climb back up earned a breathy moan from both girls watching, seeing in glorious detail as the two slippery sexes clung wetly before peeling apart with a web of glossy carnal nectar slobbering between them. 

The sight of this alone made Allison's cock twitch and boop Kay on the nose.

 "Whoa!" Kay squeezed Alli tight by the base, "No! Down girl! Don't you dare blow it on my face! The pizza is going to be here like any minute."

 Allison was already on defense as she was warned. Her toes were curled into the couch cushion while her fists clenched tight into the twisted up blanket underneath them. She was also holding her breath, cheeks puffed out as she nodded back to Kaylee. 

 "Actually, let's talk about it again. We got super distracted last time we tried to figure it out." A finger flicked at the underside of Alli's shaft punctuated her prompt, coaxing a sputter of precum to dribble out as well.

"You're going to go over their tomorrow, look super cute and ask her politely, but with the determined zeal of an aspiring champion."

 Alli nodded again to answer.

 "Come on, let's hear the pitch, I'll pretend to be Mrs. K," The young miss Parker offered as she sat up, crossing her arms over her bare chest to exert the appearence of authority. With a flip of her hair and a icy supermodel type stare, she went onto give her best impression of the redheaded milf-next-door. Somehow, it came out as a mix of Samantha from Sex in the City and an over-the-top British nanny. 

"Oh~! So happy you could make it, darling~ The Clams Oliver should be ready any moment~ Here take a seat~"

 Allison immediatally snorted, erupting in a giggling fit at Kaylee's Mrs. K. She was also pretty sure there was no such thing as "Clams Oliver". 

 Kay had her purse her lips together tight and scrunch her nose to keep from breaking character, but still she persisted.

"Silly me~ You must have noticed my lack of a gown~ I hope it's no bother~ Now... was there something you wanted to ask me, Sweetie~?"

 Considering Kay's determination to keep going with it, Allison did her best to play along too.

"YES MA'AM" She said, having to take a second to breath in deep in order to collect herself.

"Well, see..."

"Now now, deary! Out with it. You know you can come to your Auntie K about anything at all~"

"I... uhh... well you know how I just got my Consent License... and how I've gotten really into sexfighting these past couple of years..."

"Mhmm, go on~"

"I just... I mean, you're The Crimson Queen right? I was j—"

 Kay put her palm over Allison's mouth to keep her from stammering out anything more.

"Just ask her. Bang bang. Pull the trigger." She suggested before removing her hand.

 "Will you coach me?"

"Again."

"Will you coach me?"

"AGAIN"

"WILL YOU COACH ME!"

"AGAIN!"

"WILL-" 

 DING DONG!

 "OH FUCK! THE PIZZA!" Both of them echoed, shooting up from the couch. In a scramble, Kaylee yanked off her shorts to toss them to Allison, who still had her top on but no bottoms. Allison catched them, twirling back towards the hall and pulled them on mid-stride to the front door. This left her more or less decent, braless in a tanktop and stretching Kaylee's pajama shorts while her hair was pulled to the side in a big bushy copper tail.

 "Hi there! What's the total again?" Allison asked after opening the door, fumbling with the wad of cash she had ready on the end table. 

"Well that depends..."

Allison leered up at the figure, not noticing him at first but that sleazy caveman grunting could have only came from one asshole. 

"Fuck off, Zack." Allison basically growled at him while trying to kill the former school bully with eye lasers that would hopefully develop when feeling this much contempt. They didn't and it was very disappointing. 

"Aw come on. One match. If you win, I'll comp your pizza. You aren't chicken are ya, Poodle?" The rich kid wanna-be-skater-punk insisted, even managing to slide in that old teasing monkier "Poodle" there at the end. While Kaylee's was just too infamous to be forgotten by their local zeitgeist, "Poodle" was always something that Zack insisted on that never really caught on. It started cause he used to call her a dog, but when she started transitioning and being pretty all the time, he switched to Poodle citing "She was at least a prettier dog now". It was frustrating on a lot of levels, particularly cause she liked poodles. If it had came from almost anyone else, she would have probably taken as a compliment even. But not from Zack. It was meant to be mean and patronizing and she refused to put up with it. 

"Not for a million pizzas. And stop it with the poodle thing already— you're the one playing Fetch tonight anyway, Mutt." 

With that, Allison crumpled up a twenty and tossed it behind him. If that didn't make it clear she wasn't interested, the slammed door in his face probably did the job. 

 "Everything okay?" A nude Kaylee asked peeking around the corner of the hall.

 "Zack delivers for Nana Calzones now."

"Ick. Like, 'zack attack' zack?"

"Yea."

"Ick"

"And he tried to challenge me to a sexfight for pizza."

"Double ick. Can I have my shorts back?"

"Oh! Sure. One second Kaybear."

 ——————–

 Couchcradled and glowing warm in the window-broken sunshine, Ali could have easily stayed like this for the rest of the week. Maybe till Spring. Luckily, Trigger wasn't about to let her bestie miss one the most important dinner dates of her life. 

 -BzzzBzzz-(Alli's ringtone)

 Ali stirred, clinging to the melange of blankets around her tighter while attempting to wiggle deeper into the crevice of cushion. 

 -Ringtone again-

 The pursuit of comfort gradually lessened as the allure of the unknown kept peaking her curiosity. Was it Mom checking in? Was it Kaylee? Was it Suze? Oh, maybe it was Mrs. K~ Maybe she just got a new cellphone and wanted to test out the camera so she sent a picture. Maybe its a naughty picture. Tits out in front of the mirror smiling and waving. Bent over, plenty of cleavage with a kissy face. Maybe it was a short video of her rubbing her plump pouty pussy and moaning her name.

 ...maybe she should check just to make sure.

Half-dreaming of her MILF neighbor posing in a mirror while wearing full-body fishnet, Ali turned and shifted on the couch and flung her arm out towards the coffee table.

 Miss!

 She waved it around, hitting the edge of it and then feeling around for a phone.

 "SORRY! HAD TO LEAVE EARLY! DATE WITH JAMESY!! I PUT AN OUTFIT FOR YOU AND BREAKFAST IS IN FRIDGE! SMOOCHES! YOU GOT THIS!" Kaylee message read. 

 The second message was of James and what Ali could easily assume was Kaylee pushing his cheeks together to force the normally non-expressive mute into a large puckered kissy face. 

 Ali rolled her eyes and snorted a small giggle out.

 "THANK YOU! HAVE FUN YOU CRAZY KIDS! I'LL BE LETTING YOU KNOW HOW I FEEL ABOUT THE OUTFIT VERY SOON." Ali replied back, kicking away the blankets into a pile on the far end of the couch. 

The time was 1:20PM so that left her just a couple more hours to prepare for the dreaded question-drop. Getting dressed and dolled was instantly on the top of list, seeing as she was still in just a tank and all frumpy from the sleepover's more lewd festivities. So in wanting to dissolve that anxiety first, Ali bounded out of the pillow pit and headed off to her room where she assumed Trig laid the aforementioned outfit out.

 "DAMN" Ali shot back over at Kay immediately at seeing it.

 For starters, the panties. 

Panties were easily one of Ali's favorite parts of being a girl with a dick—despite the fact she still was strutting around bareass and cock bobbing at the moment..

They just felt PRETTY. It wasn't wholly about them just feeling all nice and sexy against your horny parts, although that was a pretty big plus. There just was this intrinsic feeling of glamour and beauty to them. The frillier the better. Kaylee was especially aware of this. It was her panties that Ali tried on and started her really wanting to change teams in the first place. 

 These were new. These were pink. The perfect shade of pink. Between piggy and hot. They had small lacy ruffles around the waist and a bow in the center while holding all the yummyness in a shell of silk.

Ali felt like she had just found her animal spirit guide in the form of panties as she held them up and admired them some more. 

 The dress meanwhile was not new, but with panties it seemed like brand-new. It was somewhere between 'job interview chic' and 'sexy innocent librarian'. It was somewhere between an A-line and a skater dress. White cotton with small pink impressions of hearts stamped along it in a pleasantly uniform pattern along it. A pink silk bow that EXACTLY matched the panties wrapt and tied at the waist. 

They were so perfect together!

 Also on the bed were her pair of lush black mary-janes, hyper-sheer pink pantyhose.

"No Bra?"

 Shortly after. 

"She needs to your amazing nipples as soon as possible." Her friend staunchly suggested. 

 Ali nodded, proceeding to lift up her tanktop and admire them herself. 

Essentially, that color of vivid bright pink that highlighted her outfit also matched her nipples. She adored it, and them. After a teasing tug to them, she continued getting dressed.A big-as-fuck silk pink gator-clipped bow to hold her bangs out of her face completed the ensemble. Just to make sure though, she sent a selfie of the finished product to her best friend and her own personal 'quality control'. 

"Good call on the bow. I approve!"

 Allison hummed happily seeing the affirmative. 

 With that out of the way, she showered, chugged the breakfast smoothie Kaylee had left her in the fridge, and then put the final touches on some light make-up, lip gloss and eye shadow for the most part. A glance at the clock as she came trotting downstairs informed her she only had about twenty minutes before she figured she should head over there.

 "Fuck...fuck fuuuuck..." She groaned, hissing out towards the end as she grabbed her own crotch and sulked. 

 She was had originally planned to rub one out before going over so she wasn't a total horny spazz as she prompted one of the most anxiously anticipated questions in her life to easily one of the most attractive women she'd ever met. A longing squeeze on her panty-clad shaft sought to gauge how quick she might be able to get herself to pop. The eager throbbing that communicated back suggested it might not take all too long... but the chance of being late, or getting a cum stain on her outfit were way more dreadful options.

 "Oh well~" She sung to herself in a sarcastically amused tone. 

 Allison thought about texting Kaylee again to get her opinion but ultimately started her march towards the door. 

 "You got this, Ali" She reassured herself, taking a deep breath. After all, she was ONLY just asking one of her family's closest friends if she would coach her to be a sexfight champion—because you know, she happened to be one of those most amazing world champions herself and was now easily one of, if not THE MOST impressive competitors she'd ever seen. That's all.

 The quick walk over to the Koufax's was a blur. Before she knew it, she was staring at the front door and watching her finger depress the doorbell.

 Her initiative would be rewarded by the sight of the glorious Madison Koufax shower-fresh and only in a large, regal red terry cloth bathrobe. 

"Oh Princess! I didn't expect you so early!" She explained, ushering in her well-dressed neighbor inside and giving her a good look over as she did.

"Now is all that get-up for me~" Mrs K asked with a sly smile and a much more 'bubbly' tone. 

 Allison was still dealing with the fact she was still just in a bathrobe. Enough so that Mrs. K pinched the girl by her chin to bring her gaze up to met hers. 

"You'll have to excuse me while I go get dressed, Princess. Dinner is just about ready... so if you want to just have seat in the living room, I'll be down in a few moments."

 "WAIT." Allison blurted out as Mrs. K started to turn towards the stairs. 

 Her heart was pounding. There was no way she would be able to wait a moment longer without getting this question out of the way. The anxiety was driving her crazy.

 "Yes, Allison?" Madison prompted, stopping and giving a concerned look over to the blushed, obviously flustered Heut daughter. 

 "You're the Crimson Queen." She clumsily began, trying to start at the beginning of this impetus and work her way up to the question. 

 Mrs. K snickered and nodded to confirm her acquisition.

"Yes, Princess. I'm afraid so. I was wondering how long it'd take for you to find out now that you're registered and everything. That was quite a while ago though. Before any of my boys of course. So that's what has you all worked up?"

 Allison saw her opening, chest nearly exploding as she began to try to form the words.

"No." was about as far as her panicked mind could manage before needing to take a pause.

Madison folded her arms, pacing back over to face Allison. 

"Then what is, sweetie..." She coaxed the nervous girl, intrigued by what she could only assume was the admission of some kind of crush or lust. That was something she'd always been a little aware, and admittedly was always so flattered by. She could only imagine how the young Heut most had reacted when discovering her previous life's carnal accolades. 

 "Be my coach! Like—" She regrouped, focusing on settling her voice for a moment then looking Mrs. Koufax right in the eye., "I want to be world champion. One day. I know it's going to take a lot of work. I know it's going to take a lot of time, but I know I can do it. And you're amazing! I've never seen anyone compete like you! Please. I know you quit when you started your family or whatever but I know there's so much you could teach me. I want to make you proud with all of it. It would be an honor just to try but ple—"

 Mrs. K shushed the stammering girl, having heard plenty of her pitch to get the jest of it. 

On some level... she had to anticipate something like this coming up. At first she thought her twins would have come to her at some point, but the two never showed any interest in her experience. If anything, she suspect that's what drove them so hard—maybe they felt some kind of birth rite or just wanted to take it further than their mother. Regardless, the role as a trainer or a coach had always been something she had kept in the back of her mind. When Allison started showing a massive amount of interest in sexfighting, she would occasionally picture this exact scenario they were in now, although never did she really decide on her answer or not. It was a tough call. Allison was basically like a daughter to her and something like becoming her sexfighting coach could really put a strain on that relationship. 

Still... it was an exciting prospect. With all of her kids off on their own efforts, she supposed she probably should find a new way to keep herself busy... 

 "So that's your endgame? World Champion?" Madison questioned curiously, not giving the girl an answer quite yet. Instead, she tried to remain inquisitive as she considered her decision further. 

 "Well, I mean... I want to be the best. World Champion would probably be the best way to prove that, I'd think." 

"Why do you want to be the best? For that matter, why does any of this matter to you?" 

 "Its the only thing that matters to me! I mean, some people love football and get to dream about being quarterbacks. I don't see how its so much different that I love sex and want to be a professional sexfighter. For as long as I could remember, sex has always been all I could think about but what if instead of just being a huge pervert, what if I could make it my craft. My career. My legacy for that matter—LIKE YOU! It's where I feel I belong, Mrs. K. And I just fucking love it so much I want to be the best at it! It matters to me so much, so why wouldn't I want to be as good as I possibly can be at it? It's just everything to me."

Allison exclaimed in an passionate rant, spitting out an answer before she had time to edit and consider what she was saying. 

 Madison grinned....

...And then put her hands on her hips, robe spreading almost wide open. It was mostly just the top-half above her hastily tied sash that was affected. The front fold over her bust drooped so much that her heavy, heavenly breasts were on full display while framed by the loose-fitting red terry cloth. 
