 Jeff laughed at Adam, asking, "What the hell makes you think you will ever get away from here? Don't you realize that your futile attempts of killing me failed? Here I am standing before you when only an hour ago, I was in an office in the States with your men trying to kill me and my wife!"

Jeff turned away from Adam, reading the fear in his wife's mind, asking the Basa relative, "Can you call Piroska, please, ask her to come down here, I want her to be here when we make things right?"

Jeff had a few minutes to wait for Piroska Zera to get there. That was more than enough time for him to get all the information he would need, to finally make things right for the Zera family and the rest of the people that the Basa's had wronged. 

He perused the mind of Adam, gleaning every detail of what he needed. He was going to make Adam suffer for what his family had done over the centuries! His wife would suffer for the killing of all of his family members and the rest of the people that she enjoying killing over the years since becoming a Basa.

Jeff turned the Zera man and asked him to step outside and let him know when Piroska arrived by calling him on his cell. He wanted some privacy with the Basa's so he asked him to not let her come in before he called Jeff. 

With that said, he turned to Adam, asking, "Now Adam, I know that you don't think this is the end for you, but have you thought it might be the end for your wife sitting over there?"

Jeff twisted his hand, making her insides twist into knots, bringing about a scream of intense pain from Adam's wife. He held the twist for a few seconds, letting her squirm in her seat in agony. When he untwisted his hand, she passed out from the pain. 

Adam screamed at Jeff, "Leave her the fuck alone, she has no part in this! It was only me; she has no knowledge about the ring, you bastard!"

Jeff turned to Adam, shooting lightning out of his fingertips into Adam's body, singing the hairs on his chest.

"If I was you Adam, I would stop this lying bullshit you're spouting, I've already read both of your minds, I know the entire history of the ring as well as every dirty little secret, that both you have in those puny little minds of yours. Now, either shut up, or I will do that for you!"

Adam recoiled in fear; he really didn't know everything the ring was capable of. He had thought he could actually handle anything that might come up in his fight to get the ring back. He had no idea of just how powerful Jeff actually was, but he was in for a rude awakening.

Jeff turned his attention back to Adam's wife! He threw cold water on her face from his fingertips, bringing her back to consciousness. He smiled at her with a sinister smile.

"Now then, where were we...that's right, I was making you suffer a tiny bit of pain before I dealt with you for good! How would you like it if I just simply made your husband suffer your pain? No, that won't do, I will just let you feel his pain as well, works for me!"

Jeff shot fire out of his fingertips, scorching Adam's legs, both of them screamed in agony. Adam's wife had no physical damage to her legs, but they both felt the pain from Adam's legs being burned.

Jeff stopped sending the fire from his fingers, and then twisted his hand, breaking Adam's right femur. Both of them screamed again, Adam's wife luckily passed out, but Adam wasn't so lucky fortunate! He writhed in pain, still suspended in the air. Jeff untwisted his hand and the femur returned to being whole again, letting the pain subside, before he broke it again. Adam finally passed out himself, only for Jeff to throw ice water from his fingertips, waking him right back up!

Jeff's cellphone rang. It was Piroska Zera, waiting to come in. Jeff told her he was ready for her, so she came in and bowed her head at Jeff.

"Master, it is so good to finally meet you Sir, what is it that you need from me?"

Jeff reached to shake her hand, but she pulled him in for a hug. She felt she had known him for ages, even though she had just met him. It was the ring at work, but neither knew it at this time.

Laura and Madame Zera had both fallen back asleep on the couch. Laura woke up, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. She grabbed her cellphone to see if she had a message from Jeff, but nothing was there. She was scared to death, hoping that nothing was wrong with him.

Madame Zera woke up and asked, "'what's the matter, what happened?"

"Jeff hasn't called me yet, I'm scared to death that something has happened to him. Surely, he would have called by now!" Laura said, visibly upset.

Madame Zera felt the same way, but she knew that someone would have called her if something had gone wrong. 

She said to Laura, "I know you're worried, but nothing is wrong or we would have heard from my family, just relax, Master is just busy taking care of things, he will call as soon as he is ready!"

Jeff looked around the room, surveying the scene that had unfolded today. He had the Basa's right where he wanted them; he now had the chance to do something good with the ring that the Zera family's ancestors had created using the Book of Enchantments, centuries ago.

"Piroska, what would you like to see happen here today? I have an idea of what I want to do, but I want to hear you say what your family needs to see happen. After all, if it wasn't for your ancestors, we wouldn't be talking here today!" Jeff asked Piroska.

Her reply was, "Master, thank you so much for being the wearer of the ring. We always knew that the ring would choose the man that would right the wrongs that the Basa family has done! Because you asked, I will tell you what you want to hear, but we know that you will make the right decision on your own!"

She paused for a moment before she continued; "we would like the see that all of the families, which are still in existence, get back what the Basa family stole from them. The rest is up to you, Master!"

Jeff smiled; he knew that he could do what Piroska asked of him. He had already read her mind to make sure that she didn't want anything done that would make him an evil man. He just wanted the Basa's to hear it from her mouth, so they would know that the Zera family were the ones that asked for this to happen. He wanted them to know that their arch rivals down through the centuries were the ones that were behind their downfall.

Piroska smiled at Jeff, she knew in her heart that he was going to do what was right for her family as well as the others who the Basa's had taken advantage of over the centuries. She knew that thousands of people were going to get back the lands that were stolen from them. How different life was going to be for all of them once Jeff was finished with the Basa's!

"Piroska, I need you to leave and go back to your house to check on my family, I haven't taken the time to bring them out of the state I had to leave them in, when I sent them out of the building before I took over these two. I also need you to make sure that your men are doing what I asked, keeping those men, that were here safe. I still have to go to the Basa estate to rescue the couple being held there, they took the ring to the States to keep it from Adam. They tried to warn me and they will need my help getting back what he took from them as well. Right now, I better call my wife Laura; she has to be worried sick! Now go, I need to deal with everything we talked about as well as make sure that these people will never again hurt anyone!"

Jeff called Laura right after Piroska left to go home, he told her that everything was fine, he just had some more work to do before he came back home to her. He said it might take him a couple of days to finish up, but he would be home as quick as he could. 

Madame Zera was still there with Laura and she overheard the entire conversation. She suggested that they should get on a plane to go see Hungary. She wanted to see her family and she wanted them to get a chance to know Jeff and Laura both. She told her that they could make it a European vacation and stay with her family for as long as they wanted to. Laura agreed and they called and left a message for Jeff at her family's house, to let him know that they were on their way.

Jeff walked over to Adam Basa, who was still writhing in pain. He tried to jerk away from Jeff when he got close enough to touch Adam.

"What are you going to do with me asshole?" Adam asked Jeff.

Jeff laughed at Adam, even in the predicament he was in; he still thought he was in control of everything. Jeff was going to enjoy taking this man down, he would never be the same again after Jeff was finished with him!

"First thing I am going to do to you Adam is to take everything your family owns, away from you and your wife, and give it back to the people that your family stole it from. I mean everything, from land to money to anything else of value." Jeff said while standing in front of Adam's wife. Then, I'm going to give your estate to the Zera family since they were the ones that your family killed first!"

Adam screamed when he heard this, "You can't do that you bastard, you can't take the fortune that my family has amassed over the centuries and just give it away like that, the law won't allow it! And far as that nasty clan of the Zera's, I will kill every one of them when I get out of here!"

Jeff was furious with Adam, he looked at him menacingly, and asked him, "Just what the fuck tells you, that you will ever leave here, you sick bastard. I never once said you were going to live, did I? Now your wife, maybe I will let her live, but you, you sick fuck, you will never leave here alive!"

Jeff twisted his hand, twisting Adam's arms and legs, breaking all of them, causing him to cry out in such pain, that he passed out once again. Jeff immediately brought him back to consciousness again, wishing that Adam wouldn't pass out anymore. Adam lay there suspended in the air, screaming and cursing so loud that Jeff caused his lips to be sealed with a flip of his finger, he never wanted to hear Adam's voice ever again. 

"You will suffer until I put you out of your misery, but you will never utter another word for the rest of your very short life. You will suffer though, just how much depends on my mood for the next few minutes! I may just let your wife decide how much suffering you have to endure, I hope she really loves you buddy, if not, you may be in for more suffering than anyone has ever endured!"

Adam's wife was looking on in horror; she had never seen anyone look so horrible before. She was more worried about herself more than Adam, though. To her, he was already a dead man, but she had hope, Jeff had said that he may let her live, she had to do something to save herself quickly.

Jeff was reading her mind the entire time, he wanted it to be her that made Adam suffer, and he wanted Adam to know this as well.

"Margit, what would you have me do, make Adam suffer, or kill you both right now?" Jeff asked her when he removed her gag. "Tell me right now, what's it going to be, a horrible death of torture for Adam, or do you want me to just kill you both right now?"

Margit was looking up at Adam, who was still writhing in pain, crying now, since Jeff had prevented him from passing out. She had loved him when they were first married, but that was long ago. Once she found out about the ring, that was what drove her to kill all of his other relatives. She was the one that had urged Adam to get the ring back, ruining his relatives that had taken it to the States, away from Adam and his family so they could never use it to terrorize anyone like they had without it, only much worse with its power. 

She was the one that had the couple sitting in terror at the Adam's estate right now. If she could somehow live through this ordeal, she would kill them as soon as she got home, she just had to live! 

This was to be her downfall though; she was just too stupid to realize it at this very moment. She had no idea that Jeff was reading her thoughts as they popped into her evil mind.

"Kill him slowly if you want to, make him suffer! It was his stupidity that cost us the ring, kill that son of a bitch, go ahead!" Margit screamed, hoping to save herself.

Jeff decided that she had to die; he snapped his fingers, breaking her neck before she had another evil thought. Adam screamed out in his mind when he saw that she was dead, cursing in pain as well as the fact that his only true love was sitting in the chair, dead from the very evil that drove her to her insanity.

'Why didn't you just kill me, why did you have to kill her? She was the only thing that was ever right in my life; I loved her so much that I did whatever she asked of me, why, why did you kill her?' Adam moaned to himself in defeat.

Jeff looked at Adam, hoping that he would be able to finally realize that Margit was the reason Adam was where he was at this moment in time. There might even be a chance that he would not have to die, if he came to his senses. Jeff didn't want to kill Adam, he had to suffer, but maybe there was a chance to save his self if he would only take it.

"Adam, you can save yourself, sign the documents that I will have drawn up, giving away everything you own so that I can give it away with your consent. Redeem yourself by doing this, and I will let you live. Will you do this, or do you want to die as well?" Jeff asked, hoping Adam would agree to the terms he gave him.

At first Adam refused, he was a beaten man that wanted to die with his wife. Jeff was about to break his neck, when a thought popped into Adam's head.

'Could I live with that? All I have to do is give up everything I have, could I really do this? I could start over in life by doing this one thing. I want to live!' Adam thought.

Jeff smiled at Adam's thought. Jeff would make it easy for him by making him forget everything that had happened. He could take his revenge and still keep Adam alive. This was a win-win for Jeff; he was excited to not have to kill anyone else.

He healed Adam's broken bones and told him that he would have to sign over everything that Jeff wanted him to, or he would end up like his wife, only after being tortured again. Adam was so relieved; he lay there suspended in the air, crying like a baby, happy to be alive!

Laura and Madame Zera had just boarded a plane, headed to Hungary to see their Master. They were chatting away when the plane took off. They had so much in common, they liked most of the same things and talked almost the entire trip before they lay back in the passenger seats, falling asleep, dreaming of their Master. They dreamed of being with Jeff, they were both so in love with him! One pregnant with Jeff's baby, and one hopeful that she would be as well, and very soon she prayed!

They touched down in Budapest, and were met at the loading gate by Madame Zera's aunt, who took them to get their luggage. She then led them to her car, so she could drive them back to Piroska's house, where there was a huge gathering of relatives waiting to talk to them about what Jeff's plans were. 

Laura couldn't wait to see Jeff; she was so excited that everything had worked out for him! She couldn't wait until she had him between her legs, showing him just how much she loved him.

Jeff wished that he was outside of the Basa estate. He appeared out of nowhere, standing outside the back door. He had left the older Zera man and his brother to stand watch over Adam. He had to save the Basa couple before Adam's henchman decided to cut and run, killing the couple before he left. Jeff scanned the estate for heartbeats. He saw the couple's hearts beating, almost in a state of panic in the rear of the house. The other heart, was panicking, he was worried that no one had called him yet. He was standing in the front of the house, close to the front door.

Jeff wished he was standing behind the man, when he was there; he touched the man on his temple, causing him to pass out into a chair that was beside him. He handcuffed the man and gagged him. He walked into the room where the couple were laying on the floor with their hands tied behind their backs. Jeff waved his hands and the ropes fell off of them, he stood them both up. They were very relieved when Jeff told them who he was. They knew they were safe from Adam and his wife, and were full of questions for Jeff.

He listened to the Basa man, before telling him that Adam would never be a problem for them again. Jeff told them that he was going to restore everything that Adam had robbed them of and that he would make sure they got back to the States safely, and a new home would be waiting for them when they got back. 

They were both elated with the news, the wife reached up and kissed Jeff on the cheek, saying how thankful they both were, and promised that Jeff would always be their hero! He would always be welcomed in their home.

"I will have everything taken care of by the weekend, and I will see that you are on a plane back to the States, with the keys to your new house. I will also give you plenty of money to start your business and your lives over again; the rest will be up to ya'll!" Jeff assured them.

They both thanked Jeff again; they wanted to know where they would be staying at. They had no money on them at the moment; Adam had seen to that when his men kidnapped them.

"Stay here by all means, I will send you some money tomorrow, but here, is this enough to tide you over?" Jeff said reaching into his pocket to produce a thousand Euros for them.

"Oh my, that is way too much, we won't need all of that!" the man said.

Jeff laughed, he told them, "Take this, I will send you a lot more tomorrow, enough to set you up for the rest of your life's. I have to go, but this is my cell number, I will call you at noon tomorrow. I may need your help with a few things."

Jeff appeared outside of Piroska's house. He knocked on the front door and waited for someone to answer it. When Madame Zera opened the door and saw it was her Master, she leapt into Jeff's arms, kissing him on the mouth. She was so excited to see him that she couldn't say a word, she just kissed him again.

"Madame Zera, what are you doing here, please stop and talk to me?"

Madame Zera was smiling up at him when she stopped kissing him, saying, "Master, Laura and I couldn't stay away, we just had to come see you and make sure you were alright. Is everything alright now Master?"

Laura heard the commotion and ran to Jeff, jumping into his arms, kissing him the same as Madame Zera had done.

"Master, I am so glad to see you, I hope everything is alright! I saw your parents, what did you do to them?" Laura asked. "You have to tell us everything, come on in; everyone is waiting to hear what has been going on!"

Jeff took Laura's hand as they walked into the front room where the Zera's were waiting to hear the story of what took place that day. There was thirty people there, all waiting to hear what Jeff had to say.

"First thing I have to do is bring my parents back around. If you will wait for that, there is a lot that I have to say." Jeff said in Hungarian to the Zera family.

Jeff took his parents into another room and brought them out of the fog that he left them in for their own protection. When his mother came to, see was crying, remembering what had happened to her and her husband. Jeff's father tried to console her, but it was no use, she was hysterical. 

Jeff placed his hand on the side of her head, taking away all of the memories that she had of what the Basa's had done to her. She fell asleep once again in her husband's arms.

"Son, what the hell happened? We were in a warehouse and suddenly, we woke up here. Where the hell are we, what is going on?"

Jeff wanted to tell him everything, but didn't want to have to go into all of the details. He placed his hand on his father's temple and decided to erase all of his memories as well. He carried them home, making sure they were in their bed with the memory of going to bed in their minds so that when they woke up the next day, everything would appear as normal to them. He just wanted to protect them, there no reason to let them know anything about the ring, it was for their own good
