 Thanks again to all who have given great advice and positive criticism. Hopefully, my writing has gotten better!

*****

Jeff decided there was so much more that he should be able to do using the power of the ring. He was sitting alone in his living room the next day trying to figure out what he was now capable of. At this time, he knew he could control people, by thinking in his head what he wanted them to do, but he knew that he should be capable of so much more if he truly had to the power of the God's! 

It appeared that the ring was trying to communicate with him, but he was so new at this, he was having a hard time listening to what it was trying to tell him. He tried to relax, freeing his mind of all thought, trying his best to let his subconscious mind take over.

He felt a slight tingling in his body, similar to when you touched your tongue to a nine volt battery. He relaxed as best he could, closing his eyes in an almost dream like state. The ring began to show Jeff different things that had taken place over the years. He saw the sorcerers chanting over something, somehow he just knew it was the book of enchantments that they had found the ancient spell in. He seemed to be above them looking down at the scene as it played out below him. He saw the ring materialize, glowing as he had seen it do that day at Madame Zera's. He watched as the sorcerers continued their chanting, even though it was in a foreign tongue, he could understand everything he heard.

The ring showed him all of the men that the sorcerers had gotten to try the ring on. He saw what kind of men they really were, recognizing their true nature at a glance of their aura. He could tell that the ring was refusing each man and saw their deaths as the ring consumed them. This frightened Jeff as the scenes played out in his mind. He knew that he didn't want the same thing to happen to himself.

The ring continued to show him the original Basa relative, trying the ring on. Jeff couldn't see any evil in the man's aura, like he had with all of the others that had tried it on previously. He watched as the man killed the king and the evil sorcerers, seeing the means he used to do so. This gave Jeff a tremendous insight into just what powers he should actually have as well.

He was also shown how that same man had been talked into trying to become king by his family. How they had told him of all the things that he would be able to do using the power for their use, not what Madame Zera's ancestors had planned for him. Jeff watched him as he killed the sorcerers, his aura began to change. He watched as the ring consumed him, right after he killed the last one.

The ring then showed him the Basa family, making the box to house the ring to prevent any of them from touching it, as they were afraid of even picking it up, lest one of them be consumed by the ring. He watched, as over the years, one of their ancestors would try it on, only to be consumed by it. The ring showed Jeff, just how evil the Basa family actually were.

He saw how they had made their money through criminal means. They had been bankers that would loan money to people to use for farming, only to destroy the crops the people would grow, and then foreclose upon their loans, taking the property from them. They would force these families to live on their new property, farming as before, but it was the Basa's who would earn the money from the crops they would grow. 

They amassed a fortune from the backs of these unfortunate families, paying them meager wages while selling the crops at high prices since they owned most of the farmland. They had become the largest landowners in Hungary and other nearby countries. They had hoped to use the power of the rings to take over the rest of Europe, but had never found a single relative that could wear the ring.

Jeff saw just how evil the family had grown over the years; he was beginning to see what he might be up against. The ring was showing all of this to Jeff to prepare him for his upcoming battle with the Basa family.

It showed him how the ring had come to the States, when a decent Basa family member, took it and fled. They had hidden the ring over the years from the rest of the clan, hoping to one day use it for good! 

The Basa clan had found them, and had tried to force them to give the ring back to them. When this failed, they destroyed the business that the owners of the house had, forcing them to lose their house and everything else they owned. They had finally drawn them back into the fold, but the owners had purposely left the ring at the house, hoping it would be lost forever when the fire department burned the house down.

The Basa family over the years had become so paranoid that one of their members would take the ring and use it against them, that they had stopped passing down the history of the ring. It had gotten to the point that actual knowledge of what the ring was fully capable of was lost to them. This was why Andras Basa had thought that he could simply take the ring from Jeff. Now that Andras couldn't remember anything about the ring, the rest of the family knew that they were up against something more powerful than they were prepared for. They didn't know how strong Jeff was now, but they were planning on getting it back at all cost. That cost was going to be a lot worse than they ever dreamed possible!

The ring had seen Jeff's aura that day of the house burning and could tell that he was the right man to wear it, fulfilling the destiny of the ring. It had purposely shown itself to him so that he would find it and be the man that would right the wrongs that the Basa family, and so many others had done over the centuries since it had been created. The ring was supposed to be used to prevent evil from ruling the world; this was going to be Jeff's responsibility from now on. The ring began showing Jeff what his new powers were. He had a lot of experimenting to do before he was fully capable of wielding the way they should though so he set about trying them out.

~~~~~~~~

He started off by turning on the lights on and off several times, turning his stereo on and off, and just trying simple things at first. He stared at the table lamp sitting next to the sofa, thinking it should move. He knew that was what had worked for him with the TV. It moved slightly, but when he waved his hand at it, the table lamp was thrown across the room, shattering against the wall! 

"What just happened?" He asked himself out loud.

It took a few moments to realize that when he waved his hand at the lamp, he wasn't focused on how he wanted it to move, he had simply waved his hand. Now he understood that he had to think about what he wanted to happen, so he could control it. Without the thought process, everything happened violently. 

This going to be challenging to control, he was going to have to learn discipline with these new powers, or someone could get hurt! Then again, if he was ever attacked, he could just react without having to focus his ability, letting his reflexes control things. 

He decided he had a lot more practicing to do. He looked at the broken table lamp, wishing it to be back on the table in one piece. The broken pieces swirled in the air, and simply became whole again on top of the table. There wasn't a crack or any evidence that it had been shattered, lying on the floor a few moments ago.

"I'm going to dig these new powers!" He said excitedly.

He looked at the couch, wishing that it was floating in the air. It lifted off the ground, staying there. While the couch was in the air, he wished all of his furniture to be floating like the couch, every piece of furniture in the room, rose into the air, hanging in suspension.

He thought to himself, 'Laura is going to love this, next time I make love to her!'

This time, he slowly lowered his hand, and the furniture slowly lowered back to the floor. He slowly raised his hand back up, the furniture rose again at the same speed his hand raised. He lowered them down with a slow lowering of his hand. He was getting the hang of the powers now. He also didn't actually have to think in his mind, what he wanted to happen; his subconscious mind was in control now. He snapped his hand up, the furniture leapt off of the floor, but stopped when his hand did. He got a kick out of this and was bouncing the furniture up and down with his hand when Laura walked in, back from her wedding dress fitting.

"Master, what on earth is going on in here?" She asked excitedly.

Jeff laughed before he said, "Look Angel, I am controlling them with my hand; I just figured this out a few minutes ago!"

He looked over at her smiling, before he used his left hand to pick Laura up off of the ground, levitating her, bringing her to him, while she was still in the air. She was flabbergasted at the power Jeff had learned to use.

Jeff laughed at the situation, had anyone told him that one day he would able to do this, he would have fell out on the ground laughing at them. Yet here he stood in his living room, levitating not only Laura, but the furniture as well, all at the same time!

He used his hands to slowly lower Laura down beside himself, but left the furniture still in the air. Laura still had a look of bewilderment on her face. She was getting wet standing there next to Jeff, the power her Master had was amazing to her.

"Watch this!" Jeff said as he shot fire from his fingertips, lighting a candle on the mantel piece. 

Laura couldn't believe what she just saw. 'What couldn't her Master do now?' She thought in her mind.

"I'm going to show you, Angel, just wait!" Jeff said while continuing to laugh.

Laura looked at her master in bewilderment, "Master, what did you just say?"

"I said I am going to show you what else I can do, baby." Jeff said.

Laura laughingly replied, "But Master, I didn't say that out loud, I only said it in my mind!"

"That's right, my little slave, so you better be careful around me from now own!" Jeff said with a huge grin on his face. "Now, run along and go take care of what you said you need to do today, I have a lot more work to do before I get it all figured out!"

He swatted her on the ass as she walked out the door, right before he cranked her car with a twist of his fingers. She turned around, looking at Jeff with astonishment in her eyes. He laughed before saying, "Run along now, I will be here when you get back."

~~~~~~~~

Jeff had been learning that he was capable of doing anything he wanted to that morning. He had shot fire from his fingers, levitated anything he wanted to, read Laura's thoughts, and so many other things that just about boggled his mind. He was busy trying out knew things, when his phone rang. He looked at it and saw it was Mr. Longbaum.

"Hello Longbaum, any news from the Basa family lawyer?" He asked once he hit the answer button.

Longbaum replied, "Yes sir, he said it would take a few weeks to gather everyone up and get them to my office. I told him you were in a hurry to get the matter settled, but his reply was it will take some time, several have to fly in from out of the country and we set up a meeting date for the fifth of June. Is that alright with you, sir?"

Jeff didn't want to wait so long to get this taken care of, but he knew it would have to do. 

"That'll be fine, I'll see you then." He said as he hung up.

He went back to seeing what else he could do before Laura got back from her wedding planning. He decided to head out to his shop to piddle around with a few of the projects that were waiting to be finished. He was looking at a couple of table legs that he had salvaged from one of the many house burnings he had worked at. He pictured in his mind that they were attached to the walnut boards that he had on his workbench. The boards came together with the legs in only a few seconds, a finished table sitting there on his shop completed with just a thought.

"How freaking cool is that?" He asked himself out loud.

He turned toward his wood lathe; he had several logs beside it, waiting to turn some bowls out of them. He pictured in his mind what they should look like, all of a sudden, the bowls popped out of the logs, completed like he pictured them to look like, with the logs having a hole in them.

Next he turned toward his shelves, thinking what a mess they were in, magically, everything on them rearranged itself and all of the clutter was in the large trash can beside the door.

'OK, my shop needs to be completely cleaned up, everything in its place, and no saw dust on the floor!' He thought as he walked out the door knowing that the next time he came out here, it would be like he thought it should be. 

He went back inside to sit and wait for Laura to return, he was horny and couldn't wait until she got back so he could show her a few more things he figured out he could do!

~~~~~~~

Longbaum called the Basa's lawyer, Dan Ravenswood, to tell him, everything was ready for their meeting on the fifth of June.

Ravenswood asked, "Did you say anything else to him?"

"No, no sir, I didn't. I did just as you told me to, he will be there on the fifth. The office will be empty for you, so you can do whatever you need to do when he gets there. Again, thanks for the payment, anytime I can help you again, please let me know, sir!" Longbaum replied before 

hanging up.

He had finally gotten out of debt and planned to be out of town with his mistress that day. He would have to call the cops when he got back in town, to report a murder at his office while he was gone out of town! It wouldn't be too hard to act like he had no idea of what happened. Alice had been included in the payment and he knew she would go right along with the plan. 

"Now, where am I going to take my mistress to?" He said out loud to himself as he turned to his computer to find a place, anywhere miles from here in the fifth of June.

Jeff was sitting there deep in thought when Laura came home that night. She was flustered after dealing with her Mom all afternoon, and couldn't wait to get back home to Jeff.

"Master, I'm home, what would you like to eat for supper tonight?" Laura said as she walked into the door.

When she came up to Jeff, she leaned over and kissed him. He drew her into his lap, kissing her while rubbing his hands up and down her back.

His reply to her, when he backed away from her lips, "Laura, you're on the menu at the moment!"

When he said that, her clothes fell away from her body and he levitated her right in front of his face, legs splayed, her pussy open and wet, right in front of him. He lengthened his tongue, slipped it inside of her wet pussy, up against her G spot, and began licking it. He used his nose to rub her clit for him. He removed his tongue from her pussy and wet his index finger inside of her, drawing it out to slide it deep into her ass while going back to licking her G spot for her.

He didn't say anything to her, but the thought she should come at that very moment and she came for him, shaking her ass from the powerful orgasm.

"My God, Master, I didn't even feel that one coming on, what did you do to me that felt so damn good?" She asked still shaking from her orgasm.

All of a sudden, she started orgasming again, this one rolled on for a full minute before it stopped. Before she could say anything, she came again, this one, lasting until she passed out from the pleasure.

When she came to, Jeff smiled at her, asking, "Did you enjoy them, Angel?"

Laura could only whimper, "Yes Master, they were too much for me to handle though, it was torturing me before I finally passed out."

Jeff grinned ear to ear, that was what he was looking for when he began to eat her pussy. His clothes appeared to just fall off of his body, his dick was too low, so he lowered her body down in front of it. He grabbed her hips while thrusting into her soaked pussy. He shrank her wet pussy so that it felt like a glove to his dick, and began slowly fucking her by pushing her back and forth on his dick. After a couple of strokes, he made her orgasm on his dick, loving the feel of the contractions her pussy was doing to it. He kept right on fucking her back and forth. Every other stroke, he would make her orgasm, before working back in.

He continued this until she had orgasmed sixty times before she passed out; worn out from all of the pleasure her pussy had endured.

He pushed her body toward the bedroom, depositing her on the bed. He leaned over and kissed her forehead, saying, "Sleep, Angel, you're going to need you rest!"

~~~~~~~

Jeff went to the kitchen, planning on cooking supper that night. He wasn't really sure what he was going to fix, so he pulled open the cabinet doors to see what his choices were. There really wasn't anything appealing to him in neither the cabinets nor the freezer, so he decided that he would just have to think something up. Since Laura was passed out in the bedroom, he decided he had some time to kill, and went back to practicing his skills.

He pulled a piece of ice out of the ice tray, looked at it, and it melted in his hand. He refroze it and then caused it to explode in to ice crystals.

He was having fun like he did as a kid, doing science experiments. He decided to move on to see what else he could do. He turned to the silverware drawer, pulled his hand back, opening the drawer without touching it. A knife and fork flew up and into his hands. He looked at the fork, and the tines bent back, while the knife simply folded in half. He flicked his hand and they both returned to normal, flying back in the drawer before it slid closed.

He was like a kid at Christmas opening up presents; he went from object to object in the kitchen having fun with all of them. Laura walked up behind him and drew him into a hug from behind.

"Whatcha' doing Master, I'm starving, what are we going to do for supper?"

Jeff laughed as he turned around and kissed her. He pulled his hands toward him, plates and silverware flew through the air towards the table. He slowly lowered his hand; they landed on the table, not making a sound. 

He asked Laura, "What would you like to eat, Angel?"

"OH Master, how bout we go out to eat and get some seafood. Shrimp and pasta sounds terrific right about now." She replied.

Jeff opened the oven door, reached in and pulled out a dish of his fabulous, Pasta Jambalaya, and pushed it through the air to be deposited on the table like the plates and silverware had done. He reached back in, bringing out a plate of French bread and a bottle of wine as well. He pulled his hand toward him, pulling two wine glasses off the rack and they sat down to eat the scrumptious meal.

Laura looked towards Jeff, saying, "Master, I know you didn't go shopping today, how did you cook this?"

"I didn't cook it Angel, a little old lady delivered it while you were asleep!" Jeff said while laughing.

Laura knew that he was telling a tale, her Master had just pulled it out of thin air, life with Jeff was going to be full of surprises like this from now on, it couldn't get much better than it was at this very moment.

~~~~~~~~~

They got married on the shore of a local lake, under an arbor that Jeff had built in his shop the day before. Projects were always easy for him, but this one only took him a few moments to build in his head before it appeared.

It was a beautiful wedding with only their immediate families there. After the "I do's", they all went into a cabin that they had rented for the reception. Jeff and Laura couldn't be happier, sharing stories of times past, and plans for the future. An hour later, they were on a plane, headed for Tahiti, for seven wonderful days, at least that was the plan!

On the first night on the island, Jeff got that tingly feeling again. He couldn't sleep, the ring was trying to tell him something, he just couldn't focus enough to see what it was. The next morning, they had a snorkeling trip planned and then a trip around the islands. That tingly sensation wouldn't let up on Jeff, but he went on with their plans.
