 Thanks to everyone that has made a comment, hopefully the story will keep you interested! 

*****

Jeff was walking around in the courtyard, thinking about the last two days he had just had, when Piroska walked out on the veranda. He was so deep in thought that he almost didn't notice her.

"Jeff, will you please sit down with me, I can see that you have a lot on your mind?" Piroska asked Jeff with a pleasant smile on her face.

Jeff walked around to the veranda and sat down on a chaise lounge that was there, leaving Piroska to take a chair. He looked tired, and his face shown lots of worry in it.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

"Piroska, thank you for asking, I do have a lot on my mind! I have done so many things these past few days that I would have never dreampt of doing three weeks ago. I killed three men and a lady yesterday! It's just so unlike me, that I'm about to lose my mind over it. Do you think I'm becoming an evil man?" Jeff said, visibly shaking with fear.

She was looking at a man that was so much in control of everything yesterday, yet tonight, he was almost falling apart from the fear that could easily be seen on his face. She was as worried for him, she wanted to hug him and make him feel safe once again. Piroska knew the turmoil that must be raging inside of him, she knew the consequences of Jeff becoming evil, yet she knew that he had only done what he had to do. She knew she had to help Jeff through this time of struggling with his emotions.

"Master, you have done what the ring was created to do! Nothing that you did was evil, or the ring would have consumed you by now. The killing that you did was necessary to protect your family and mine. Had you not killed the Merc, he would have tried to kill you and your family. The man that you killed at your home was trying to rape and kill your wife. What would they have done to your family had you not killed them? Margit was so evil that she would have killed anyone, did she not think in her mind that she was going to kill my family once she got away from you? All of it was done to save lives, that couldn't be evil of you Master!" Piroska said while looking at Jeff with her warm smile.

Jeff knew what she was saying was the truth, but what he was unsure of, was if he would have to go on killing on behalf of the ring. Were there others ways of handling the situation than what he chose to do? He had doubt about other things as well, was he becoming someone else entirely?

He felt that he was, and he wasn't sure if this new person he was becoming, was the man he wanted to be. Right this minute, he was wishing that he had never found the ring.

"Master, I want you to know that my family has been following the ring for centuries now. My ancestors created the ring to conquer an evil king, what you did yesterday, was the very same thing. Piroska said to Jeff. "Adam Basa was like a king in our country, he continued to destroy the lives of innocent people, even though there was no need to. He had more money than he could have ever spent in two lifetimes, but he and his wife still robbed people of their land and killed people for no apparent reason." She said with a pause. 

"Putting an end to his reign of terror was exactly what the ring was created to do. Being the wearer of the ring gave you no choice but to act as you did! You need not feel guilty for doing what you did. Evil needed to be removed from the world, and you did just that. Showing Adam mercy was a kind and decent thing; you could have easily killed him, and would have been justified in doing so. That just shows that the ring chose you wisely!" Piroska said pleadingly to Jeff.

Jeff was holding his head in his hands, thinking over what Piroska had just told him. He still felt a knot of guilt in the pit of his stomach; he just couldn't accept that he was right for torturing Adam and his wife. Couldn't he have just told them in his mind to forget about the ring?

"Piroska, I could have done things differently with Margit, I could have made her forget all about the ring, I didn't have to kill her! I could have shown her mercy as well, I am an evil man no matter how much you say otherwise." Jeff said shamefully.

~~~~~~~~~~

Piroksa hadn't told Jeff everything that she knew of the Basa family, she was saving it for a later time, but she knew now that Jeff had to hear everything.

"Master, there is more to this story, I am surprised that the ring hasn't revealed it to you yet, maybe the ring wanted you to handle Adam Basa before you moved on to the others!" she exclaimed.

Jeff had a look of despair in his eyes, when he said, "What the hell are you talking about Piroska, what others are there?"

"Master, there is another family that had a part in the Basa's being as evil as they were. Margit's family intermarried with them over the centuries. There are still several members of her family that know of the ring, and they will be after it now that the Basa's have failed to get it back from you." Piroska said with a bowed head. 

"You had no choice but to kill her, it prevented her family from knowing exactly what happened. Had you not killed her, her family would have figured out that the wearer of the ring had wiped her mind clean, like you did with Andras. Now, they have no actual knowledge of what happened and will have to try to figure out what their next move will be. This delay will only help you!" Piroska exclaimed.

Jeff knew that she was right. He had to figure out what his next move would be; he knew he had to meditate so he could converse with the ring to figure it out.

"Thank you Piroska, for all of your help and this information. If you will excuse me, I have to go, good night!" Jeff said as he got up to go to bed. He hugged Piroska, kissing her on the cheek, before he left her.

Piroska said as Jeff walked away, "Goodnight Master, we should talk more tomorrow!"

~~~~~~~~~

Laura was waiting for him when he came to bed. She was horny and wanted Jeff to fuck her; she had been wet for hour thinking about it.

"Master, please come to bed and fuck me?" Laura pleaded with Jeff

Jeff had too much on his mind and he knew he had to meditate before he could talk with the ring. He didn't want to make her wait, but he knew he needed to.

"Laura, I need some time to think, I will wake you later on, but right now, I need to meditate!" Jeff said to her.

Laura knew that what her Master said was what he really needed, she went back to sleep, dreaming of her Master, and all of the events that had taken place the last few days.

Jeff lay in bed trying to slow down his brain; his mind had been racing back and forth over what Piroska had said to him. It took him a few minutes for his mind to slow down enough to reach that calm state that he needed to be in, to talk with the ring.

The ring started showing him what Margit's family had done over the years with the Basa's. The Sandor family had been in business with the Basa's for two centuries now. Their family was interwoven with marriages between several of its members. Margit had been the last of the Sandor family to marry a Basa.

The Sandor's were just as evil as the Basa's had been. Though not quite as wealthy as the Basa's, they had made their living by doing the same sort of crimes as them. There were several families that had been completely wiped out by the Sandor's when they killed every male member of a family.

The ring showed him that the Sandor's had known about the ring for quite some time now, they had several members of their family that had volunteered to try the ring on, all of them dying like the members of the Basa's had done. They had someone that they thought was a good candidate to try it on once the ring was back in Hungary. 

They were planning on having it all to themselves once Margit had killed Adam. They were aware of what Adam and Margit had been up to and were anxious to hear from her. What they didn't know was Margit had not planned to share the power of the ring with them. It had been her plan all alone to have it for herself. Now that she was dead, they wouldn't know what happened and it would take them time to form a plan.

The ring showed Jeff what his next move should be; now he had to set that plan into motion. It would take him several days to put it into action; he had some work to do before he would take on the Sandor's'. He could at least enjoy a few days rest while he waited on everything to line up for him.

~~~~~~~~~~~

Laura was dreaming about the man that had come to her house. She knew that when she saw Jeff, everything would be alright. She had watched Jeff kill the man, wanting to see the man suffer! She had never wanted to see anyone die before, but she was elated when Jeff killed him the way he did. She knew her husband would always take care of her.

In her dream, she and Katelin had grown so close that day. She could sense that Katelin wanted to be with Jeff almost as much as she did. Laura wanted Jeff to pay her price for the help that she had given him; she just couldn't ask him to pay it. She couldn't even stand to think of it. 

She was at odds with herself over it, but she wanted Katelin to have what she wanted. She was wrestling with herself, tossing and turning, when Jeff shook her to wake Laura up.

~~~~~~~~~~

"Laura, wake up Angel, what's wrong?" Jeff said as he shook her awake.

Laura woke up quickly when Jeff shook her. She had a strange look on her face when she sat up in the bed. She looked at Jeff and began crying.

"Master, please hold me, I had a really bad dream and I need to talk with you about it." Laura sobbed.

Jeff pulled her into his arms saying, "You're with me Angel, everything is going to be alright. Tell me what were you dreaming of, that has you so upset, please?"

Laura told Jeff she was dreaming about him killing the man that came to her house to kill her. She went on to say that she wanted to see the man die and felt no remorse about it. She also said that she and Katelin had become almost like sisters and she really wanted to see her have what she wanted in life.

"What are you talking about Laura, what does she want?" Jeff asked.

"Master, she wants to have your baby! She feels that this is what she was meant to do, have your son and have him help her family raise a sorcerer." Laura cried. "I know that's what she wants, I just know she was heartbroken when you told her no, when she asked you to sleep with her. Her whole family wants the same thing!"

Jeff was at a loss for words. He knew what Laura was saying was true, he knew that he could never do what they asked, the way they wanted him to. He loved Laura and he had no intentions of being unfaithful to her.

"Angel, are you saying that you want me to sleep with Katelin?" Jeff asked puzzled by what she had said.

Laura looked up at him, saying, "Master, I know that it would kill me if you did, but I want her to have your child! I just don't think I can handle it."

Jeff lay there holding her, trying his best to console her. He knew that he couldn't do this to Laura...

~~~~~~~~~~~

They both fell asleep after a while of lying there in each others arms. Jeff was having a dream about sleeping with all of the Zera women. He was doing it against his will and they were all laughing at his discomfort. He woke up in a cold sweat, and thought to himself, 'That shit won't ever happen!'

As he lay there in bed thinking about the problem, the answer came to him in a flash of brilliance. He had the power of the God's, and he knew just what to do. He woke Laura up by kissing her neck and shoulders.

~~~~~~~~~~

"Angel, I know how I can give the all of the Zera women a baby that will become a sorcerer! I had already told Piroska that I would do it, but I had planned on simply using my power to do it. I can use my powers in a different way on them; I think you and they will like it!" Jeff exclaimed.

Laura was puzzled, she asked, "Master, how in the world can you do that?"

"Angel, don't you remember, I have the power of the God's, I can do anything I put my mind too, trust me, I can do it with your help!" Jeff said excited at what he had in mind. "We'll do it tomorrow night after telling them in the morning about it! Now come here Angel, I am horny as hell and need your loving!"

Jeff took her back into his arms, kissing her passionately. He moved all over her upper body, kissing and nipping at her with his lips and teeth. He rolled her over onto her stomach. He began to bite at her shoulders, sucking the skin into his mouth, licking it. He nibbled down her back, down to her crack, biting the cheeks of her ass. He ran his tongue around her anus, flicking it back and forth.

He continued down to the opening of her pussy, extended his tongue to six inches and drove it into her dripping pussy. She came almost as soon as he licked her G spot. He pulled his tongue out of her, and licked down to her clit, licking circles around it before rolling her over on her side facing away from him. He stuck his thumb into her, rubbing her G spot firmly, bringing her to another orgasm.

She screamed in ecstasy as he rubbed side to side across her G spot. She orgasmed again, this time squirting hard when she came for him. He kept the pressure on her spot, rubbing across it back and forth, building her up to another explosive orgasm. This time when she came for him, she begged him to fuck her.

Jeff asked her to sit up for him. When she had; he levitated her with his hand. He lay down on his back and lowered her down reverse cowgirl, onto his turgid member. When she was settled on his dick, she started grinding down on him. It was putting lots of pressure on her G spot which only took a minute to make her orgasm, squirting her ejaculate all over his dick and balls.

When her legs grew tired, he lifted her up, leaned her forward, and slammed his dick into her from behind. He grabbed her by the hips, pulling her hard back and forth onto his dick. He lengthened his dick by a couple of inches and swelled it to fill her pussy completely. He kept up a rapid rhythm of slamming her back and forth on his dick.

He levitated both of them into the air. Laura grinned when she noticed this. She loved the effortlessness of her Master riding her on his dick. She came for him, spraying her ejaculate all over him. Jeff loved when this happened; he got off on making Laura cum for him. 

He had already wished that he would last until he wanted to cum and gave Laura and unlimited supply of ejaculate. He was going to make her cum for him for hours. She was well on her way again when he slid his thumb into her ass, causing her to flood his dick with her juices.

"Master, I know you are using your powers on me, because I don't know where all of these juices are coming from. I shouldn't have anything left to come out of my pussy, but you just keep making me squirt all over you!" Laura screamed.

~~~~~~~~~~

Jeff smiled a huge grin, he loved making her squirt and he was filling her up every time so that she could do it all night. This was one of the many things he loved about his powers. 

He finally roared out his own orgasm, wishing his dick to stay hard and kept right on fucking her. After an hour, she had finally had enough and just passed out. He lowered them down on the bed and drew her into his arms, and wished himself asleep beside her.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Sandor's had sent one of their family members to find out why Margit had never called them to tell them the news about the ring. The man went to the Basa estate and couldn't find anyone. He also saw that both cars were gone from the garage. 

He went back to the Sandor's estate to report that he couldn't find any evidence they Adam and Margit had been there. No one was there and the cars were gone. They were at a loss and tried calling Margit several more times. They could only figure Margit had taken Adam somewhere to take care of him and that she would come home when she was finished. It would be several days before they figured out that Margit was simply gone, even longer to figure out what their next move would be.

~~~~~~~~~~

The next morning, Jeff woke Laura up and told her about his plans for the Zera women. He told her that he would use his powers to connect their bodies to hers. They would feel everything he would do sexually to Laura; they would even have the same orgasms that she would have. When he orgasmed into her, they would receive his seminal fluids the same way that she would. He would then use his powers to make sure that each would become pregnant, having a child that was a sorcerer.

Laura was elated with what Jeff was telling her. She loved the fact that Jeff would sleep with only her, and still make all of the Zera women pregnant at the same time. It turned her on that they would receive the orgasms that she would be having, without him having to sleep with any of them. This was going to be something for her and Katelin to talk about for years to come! She couldn't wait to see her face when they told her.

~~~~~~~~~~

Jeff didn't realize it at the time, but letting the nephew of Adam Basa, stay in Hungary was a mistake. He was spotted by several of the Sandor family coming out of his apartment. They grabbed him and took him back to the Sandor Estate. Although Jeff wiped his mind of anything to do with the ring, the very fact that he couldn't tell them anything about it or Margit, confirmed their suspicions that Margit's plan had failed in capturing the ring. They didn't know where to start, but they knew they had to find answers.

They went to Adam's estate again and found something left behind by the Basa couple that had been held captive there. It was the slip of paper Jeff had given them with the phone number of the real estate agent that Jeff had bought them the house through. 

They didn't know whose number it was, but they called it anyway. When the agent answered her phone, she was asked where she was from and who she knew from Hungary. When she refused to answer, they used the number to figure out where she was from, and sent four men to the States to talk to her. It would take some time, but they were one step closer to finding out what had happened to Margit. The Sandor's were even more ruthless than the Basa's, they would get all the information they could out of the real estate agent, whether she wanted to talk or not!

~~~~~~~~~~~

Jeff and Laura gathered Piroska and Katelin together with several of the other Zera women together in the dining room. Jeff couldn't believe what he was about to do, but he knew that it would work.

"Ladies, I have a proposition to offer all of you and any other women of your family that is interested. Katelin, I know you have already asked me to father a child with you, and from what I have overheard from several of the other women, they want the same thing as you do." Jeff said. "What I am proposing to all of you is that I will link your bodies with Laura's! When she and I make love, all of you will be able to feel it. When she orgasms, you will feel those as well. When I orgasm into her, my semen will be deposited inside of all of you. I can make sure that all of you will become pregnant at the same time and I will make all of babies become sorcerers! What do all of you have to say to this proposition?"

They were all astonished when Jeff finished talking. Piroska looked around the room, seeing smiles on each and every one of their faces. It would be a dream come true for her family to once again have sorcerers among them. Piroska was sixty years old herself, but if Jeff had the powers of the God's, surely she could become pregnant as well.

"Master, I don't have to even ask any of the women of our family, we all want to take you up on your offer. It will be a great privilege to have your child this way." Piroska said. Turning to Laura, she asked, "Laura, are you sure this is what you want to happen? I know that it bothered you when Katelin asked for Master to sleep with her as payment for helping with information on the ring. Please, tell me the truth, is this going to cause you harm?" Piroska asked Laura.
