 Edited

Note to new readers: Since I had initially planned this novel on a whim, the earlier chapters aren't as good as the later ones. The writing and story get increasingly better. Thanks for reading.

Author's Notes: Whoa! I did not realize that this story has been posted. I apologize for the long gap between the chapters. The story did not get published for about a week, and then I kinda stopped checking. It was a pleasant surprise to suddenly find so many views, reviews and followers.

I did not think that the story deserved as much credit as it received. Please free to give suggestions but do keep in mind that I am doing this for fun and cannot invest a great amount of time on it. It already takes me a few of days of nonstop writing to write a single chapter. Hopefully, I get better with practice.

Thank you for the reviews. I realize that story needs quite a bit of proof reading. I've tried doing it by myself, but I guess it's not enough. Considering the nature of the 'work', I can't really share it with my friends. But if anyone wants to volunteer as a proofreader, I'd gladly welcome them. Meanwhile, I will look for some volunteer proofreaders on literotica.

Zeff999 -- I do have a clear plan for the story. I may not be a great writer, but I consider myself a good story teller :P. Please keep reading.

PS: The main character is gonna be cross dressing for a while. Where is he going to get a set of male clothes in a world of females? I don't have a thing for it, but if it gets you going -- good for you! :P.

***

When Blaze woke up the next morning, Jie Er was waiting for him in the kitchen with a breakfast of eggs and bread. She was wearing a feathered push up and strapless bra, and a pair of low hanging skimpy panties. A silken translucent skirt covered her butt but was open at the front.

Blaze wondered if all angels dressed like her or if his angel was just a pervert.

"Morning' dear. Breakfast?" she said with a warm smile.

"I have to go to work, little one, but I will try to be back early. I don't want to leave you by yourself on your first day after hatching, but I don't have much choice. You have much to learn about the world, and I will start teaching you after I get back. Meanwhile, here is one of my family's secret arts. Read it if you get bored" Jie Er said, handing a big silver covered book to Blaze.

Swift Wing Style

"What's this?"

"It's a method of fighting with wings. I inherited it from my mother. You will inherit it from me, once you learn to manifest your wings" Jie Er replied.

What's up with this angel? She doesn't even know me, yet she is giving me access to a secret art? Is she just naïve or do angels live up to their reputation? I guess, I am a newborn in her eyes.

"umm... Aunty, I am not sure if I am capable of manifesting wings..." Blaze replied. Just because he had a new body did not mean he could fly. He could still be a human.

"Of course, you can" Jie Er started, but then paused to seemingly check for something inside of him.

"Phew, I am pretty sure you can. I can sense the energy inside of you. All it will take is some effort" she replied after a moment.

Blaze nodded with apparent relief. He wasn't sure about what else he had inherited from Earth; besides his memories and an all-important organ. But it seemed like his body might in fact be that of an angel. That arose the question of whether he was born or transported. The egg he had popped out of seemed to imply the former.

"Umm... Aunty. Can you get me some clothes that are my size? I would prefer some pants and shirts. I don't really wanna go out in these." Blaze asked her after a moment.

"We can go shop for some, this weekend. But, I cannot let you keep wearing shifts. You need to start getting used to tops like these. Your breasts will grow, and they will need proper support. As for your panties, I will try to get something that will suit your... uhh... condition" Jie Er replied firmly.

Blaze blanched. He quickly tried to convince her otherwise, but she remained adamant.

"How about this Aunty? Let me wear shifts or shirts until I start showing signs of growing breasts. If they do, I promise I will listen to you. But until then, let me wear these. I really don't think I will ever grow breasts" Blaze said emphatically.

Jie Er pondered for a moment before she relented.

"Help yourself to the food in the pantry, little one. Feel free to make yourself at home." Jie Er told Blaze as she got up to leave and he followed her to see her off.

"Keep to the house for today. You can venture out by yourself after you manifest your wings and learn more about the world. Now come and give your Aunty a hug" Jie Er opened her arms and told him as she materialized and unfurled her wings.

Blaze stepped into her arms and planted a quick peck on her cheek.

Jie Er was surprised for a moment, but she kissed him back on his forehead and then flapped her wings to take off into the skies.

Blaze let out a heavy sigh as he gazed at her disappearing form. He vowed to treat her well before he went back inside to read the book. It wasn't like he had anything better to do. He was curious about the world, but he wasn't stupid enough to wander around without gathering more information about it.

It was past noon before Blaze set down the book. He learned a lot about wing forms, wing control, wing positions and so on. There was also a bit about energy manipulation, but most of it was related to wings. He wondered why Jie Er hadn't given him a book on energy manipulation. It seemed like the precursor to wing manifestation.

After a quick lunch, Blaze started experimenting with the energy the book mentioned. He could vaguely feel from the world. It was akin to the muggy feeling one gets from being in highly humid conditions.

However, he felt it not through his lungs but through a new organ that seemed to be present at the center of his forehead. He had only noticed it after reading about it in the book. It was apparently called Anja.

Blaze tested and prodded it, trying to get a feel for it. But, it proved difficult as it was internal. Soon, however, he felt a thin but steady flow of energy flowing into the organ. It felt more like a type of a nose used to breath in energy rather than a contain it.

As he started 'inhaling' this energy, he started sensing a couple of empty feeling receptacles on his back; at the ends of his scapula. His body seemed to possess a natural channel from his forehead to these receptacles. And as the energy flowed into them, he started feeling a couple of growth on his back.

Jubilant, he pulled off his shift and rushed into the bedroom.

He looked at himself in the dressing table's mirror and continued channeling the energy. A pair of tiny bright orangish red feathery protrusions started sprouting from his scapula.

They seemed very real, but they were just a condensation of energy. The 'wings' grew a couple of inches before Blaze started getting tired. However, he relentlessly pushed himself trying to make them bigger. He couldn't fly with two-inch wings and he really wanted to fly.

He managed to put on another inch before he was completely drained. Somewhat elated, he flopped on the bed and fell asleep.

He woke up a couple of hours later and immediately started practicing again. The joy he felt at the realization that he could fly, left him no room for restraint. This time, he managed to get them to a size of four inches before he had to stop.

Jie Er came back an hour or so before sunset. She opened her arms invitingly, and Blaze unabashedly walked into her hug. She crushed his face into her pushed up breasts, before planting a quick peck. He felt the softness of her lips on his, but she pulled back before he could explore further.

"Howz my little Blaze's day been?" she asked as she held on to him, while his hands slowly creeped up her skirt and into her panties, to squeeze her butt cheeks. She seemed used to it by now.

"Aunty! Look at this!" Blaze exclaimed before turning around and manifesting his wings.

"Oh My!" she exclaimed as his tiny wings popped into existence.

"How did this happen?" she questioned, reaching out to feel them; her face filled with disbelief.

"I read your book, and kinda just experimented"

"Blaze! Do you know how long it takes for angels to be able to manifest their wings? This is strange..." Jie Er started but trailed off with a look of contemplation in her eyes.

"It doesn't matter" she continued after a moment. "Now, put your wings away. You will tire yourself out. Here, wear these, and we shall go out and teach you some energy manipulation" Jie Er said pulling out a set of clothes from her ring.

"What is that, aunty?" Blaze asked. He had a guess on what it was, but he wanted to make sure.

"Spatial ring... I will get you one later. It lets you hold items in a pocket dimension. You don't feel the weights of the objects you put into them" Jie Er replied nonchalantly.

Blaze nodded and started checking out his new clothes. They were a set of white cotton panties and tight-fitting half tank tops.

"Aunty..." Blaze protested.

"I am not hearing it! I searched for quite a while before I could find them. They are somewhat old fashioned but at least they should be more to your liking. They will help you remain streamlined in flight. Don't argue unless you want to wear something like mine" Jie Er replied, leaving no room for argument.

Blaze sighed and nodded begrudgingly. At least they weren't technically brassiere. If not for the panties, he could've pulled of being a hip dude from the 80s.

"Why the heck do you care so much about streamlining, anyway?"

"Because the Swift Wing Style focuses on increasing your speed. I don't care about other things, but you shall try to be your best at it"

Blaze sighed again and glared at the clothes.

"Well, what are you waiting for? Change into them!" Jie Er insisted.

"Here?"

Jie Er just looked at him quizzically.

I guess there isn't anything to hide. Blaze thought to himself and removed his clothes before donning the new set. They fit nicely enough, but he couldn't get rid of the 'queer' feeling.

"Not bad. They suit you quite well. Let's go..." Jie Er said with a satisfied look, before leading him out.

For the next hour she taught him how to condense and manipulate energy. She made him condense a glowing and sizzling ball of pure energy within his hands and taught him how to stabilize the form and reduce the energy loss. By the end of the training session, he could maintain a six-inch sphere of energy with almost minimal continuous input.

"You are amazing at this Blaze! I reckon you will be flying in no time!" Jie Er exclaimed happily as the two of them went back inside.

Blaze played around with his energy ball as Jie Er finished cooking their dinner. They quickly finished their meal and headed out to take a bath.

"Lemme help you Aunty" Blaze said, as he put his chin between Jie Er's cleavage and reached around to unclasp her push up bra. He paused for a moment before freeing her breasts from the it's grasp. He chucked the piece of clothing aside and relished the sight before bending to pull down her panties. Jie Er stepped out of them and then helped remove Blaze's clothes before entering the pool.

This time, Blaze immediately sat on top of her, straddling her thighs and resting his face against her chest, with her breasts against his chest. He put his arms around the small of her back and hugged himself into her.

Jie Er gently splashed the water against his back with one hand while caressing his butt with the other. His member, which was pressed against her stomach started to rise.

After a few minutes of silent companionship, Blaze started playing around with her breasts again. He reiterated the previous night's procedure and thoroughly caressed, squeezed, stroked, licked and sucked on them before he was finally satisfied. He even payed attention to the space in between her breasts.

"Aunty Jie Er... Can I... umm... observe your vagina?" Blaze lifting his head from between her breasts; his hands still on them.

"Are you curious? I don't mind..." Jie Er responded with glazed eyes. She had quite enjoyed Blaze's ministrations on her breasts and had been letting out an occasional moan.

Blaze nodded.

"Get off me for a second then"

Blaze obliged and Jie Er climbed on to the bank. She sat on the stony embankment and leaned back on her hands. She swished her half-wet hair to the back, and partially opened her legs.

Blaze who was sitting in the water was blasted with an unhindered view. Her vagina, despite her spread legs, was a single slit that disappeared between her butt cheeks. There was no puffiness to her lips and it was as if it had been carved out of marble.

Blaze sucked in deep. He couldn't resist leaning in. The wetness around her slit seemed to have a glaze to it. Angels can cum? Was she like this yesterday too? Jie Er had been moaning, but Blaze didn't think she was excited.

A light aromatic smell wafted from her lips. He knew that no vagina had ever smelled like it.

He extended his index finger and gingerly felt the slit and the surrounding area. It was as smooth as skin could be. He cupped it with his fingers and caressed it, before gently spreading her lips apart.

The inside was a light pink and was slightly glazed with vaginal lubrication. He suddenly leaned forward and gave a single lick along the length of her slit. Strawberry! -- not too sweet and not too tangy.

"That tickles!" Jie Er giggled.

"Aunty! Can I suck on your vagina?" Blaze asked her earnestly.

"I guess..."

"Please lie down, Aunty!" Blaze replied emphatically. Jie Er complied, and her knees spread apart a little more, slightly opening the hole between her legs.

Blaze wrapped his arms around her thighs and pulled her to himself. He imprinted the view into his memory and plunged his mouth onto her slit.

He sucked on her vagina and caressed it with his tongue. The perfumelike smell, the strawberry taste and the knowledge that it was an angel's pussy almost made him cum. After a couple of minutes of sucking, Blaze lightly pushed his tongue into her slit. He heard a lustful moan and he suddenly felt her hand in his hair, pushing his head lightly into herself.

Taking it as permission, he penetrated his tongue into her folds. He could instantly feel the tightness and the pressure of her walls against his tongue. It made him wonder how it would feel to have his penis inside of her. He brushed that thought aside and started darting his tongue in and out of her.

Before long, he tasted a steady flow of sweet liquid and her moans gained a rhythm. He started lapping against her lips; continuously varying the movement of his tongue.

He pushed in & pulled out. He swirled his tongue around. He caressed her lips and kissed them.

Soon, Jie Er's moans reached a fever pitch and on one final shove of his tongue, her back suddenly arched upwards as her head fell back.

"Ahhh!" she moaned loudly before her entire body spasmed, letting out more fluid into his mouth. She held onto his head with a hand and spasmed continuously for a few moments of pure bliss. Blaze drank her liquid and only lifted his head when she stopped spasming.

"I am sorry, Blaze! I don't know what came over me" Jie Er gasped with astonishment, as she looked into his eyes. She seemed to be in a daze.

"It's okay. It seems like you enjoyed it. I would love to do it again if you want it" Blaze replied innocently.

Jie Er's already flush face blushed even more, and she couldn't understand why. She simple nodded in response. She held her gaze down and suddenly spotted Blaze's engorged penis.

"Oh No! Your thing is acting up again..." she exclaimed with worry.

Blaze looked down and suddenly didn't know what to say.

"Stand up!" Jie Er told him as she scooted towards him.

Blaze got up to his feet, and Jie Er grasped his member without any warning. She looked at its head and noticed his pre-cum. Something clicked in her brain. She leaned in and enclosed her lips around the head. She licked the pre-cum off with her tongue before pulling back and tasting it.

"Hmmm. It doesn't taste bad. Is this what came out of me?" she muttered to herself before putting his penis back into her mouth.

Soon, Jie Er was busy sucking and licking on his penis. She even used a hand to occasionally pump it while constantly caressing his balls with the other. It was almost as if she intuitively knew what to do.

Slowly, she felt Blaze being pushed to his limits as she simultaneously took in more and more of his member into his mouth. Finally, he reached a crescendo and burst into her mouth.

When he pulled out, she tasted it for a moment before swallowing it.

"Why did you swallow it?" Blaze panted.

"I think it's some form of energy. I didn't want to waste it"

Blaze gaped at her.

"Oh look! More is leaking out!" she exclaimed before grabbing his dick again and proceeding to lick it clean. She then wiped her mouth with some water and did the same with his penis.

"I think we better finish up now. I have soap! I will show you how to use it" Jie Er smiled at him, bringing out a bucket, a mug and a bar of soap out of her spatial ring.

I guess I will be coming twice tonight

***

Jie Er led them to a big rock at the side and explained to Blaze about the purpose of soap and how to use it, while her pretended ignorance. It would be much more fun to fumble around with the soap.

"Have a seat on the rock, little Blaze" Jie Er told him as she filled up the bucket.

She poured a couple of mugs of hot water over him, drenching him from head to toe. She took out a bluish liquid and scrubbed his hair with it before washing his face with the soap. She lathered up the soap with her hands and applied it gently over his chest and back. She washed it all away and then told him to stand, while she took a seat on the rock.

She pulled him closer and applied the soap to his legs. She gently rubbed his penis and balls with the soap. She then made him turn around and applied the soap to his butt and anus, gently rubbing it. She even put the tip of her finger inside to apply the soap. She then washed it all away.

"Oh dear, it's up again!" Jie Er exclaimed, noticing his once again erect penis.

"It's alright aunty, let me help you wash up first. You can take care of it after"

"Are you sure?"

Blaze nodded and grabbed the mug from her. He poured a couple of mugs over her, before emptying the bucket on her. He then went and brought another bucket of water.

He then climbed on to the rock behind her, took the shampoo and lathered her long and full hair, all the way to her tips. He cherished the feel of her thick and smooth hair in his hands. He washed it and then brushed it to the front, revealing her smooth white back that curved massively at her hips and rose into a full rounded butt. Her nape was thin and long,

He lathered up the soap spread it over her back, ignoring her butt for the moment. He hugged her from behind and spread the soap over her breasts, paying extra attention to them. He squeezed and caressed them a few times, but he did not take it too far.

He then stepped over to her front and applied the soap all the way from her collar bones to her hips. He gently caressed her springy stomach and cleaned her belly button with a finger. Finally, he pushed her knees apart and spread the soap on her pussy while cupping it with his fingers, lightly penetrating his middle finger.

"Stand up and turn around, aunty" he ordered her, and she obeyed.

"Now, please place your hands on the rock and push your legs towards me. Spread them apart so that they are a good height for me" Blaze explained.
