 Author's Notes & a warning: I mistakenly published my first version of chapter 5. The edited one is much better. I already published it. You can go back and read it if you want. There aren't significant changes to the plot, but it's a better read. 

The first part of this chapter goes off in a weird tangent. I apologize to anyone who is a bit repelled by the concept. I don't think it's too weird though. My only defense for writing it is that I wanted to explore an idea, and this is where it led. Don't worry, it shall not be the central focus in the story. 

The chapter is also a bit emotional. I apologize for it, but I think it's needed for the story to proceed properly. 

I posted a poll in the comments section of the last chapter, but I did not get too many votes. Not sure if people missed it or just didn't care enough. Please check em' out. 

*** 

"You can't be serious!" Elyssa shrieked when Blaze told her his plans about the Viridian bat, that afternoon. She had initially thought that he was going to take up Fly ball. 

The three of them were gathered around the duchess in her receiving chamber 

"You were the one who suggested it" 

"I was joking!" 

"I wasn't when I said I like whacking things" Blaze replied with a grin. 

"Sigh, you're incorrigible. You better not be doing this because it's funny... And what the freak are you wearing Astrid? Don't say it's the latest fashion. You might as well prance around naked" Elyssa complained. 

"Don't be such a prude 'Lyssa. It just shows a little extra skin. Blaze appreciated it" Astrid replied nonchalantly. 

"You did?" 

"umm... It is unique?" Blaze said hesitantly. 

"You two are just supporting each other. Mum tell them how ridiculous they are" 

"I think Astrid's dress is quite refreshing. It's quite airy isn't it? And, Blaze's idea isn't bad either. Swinging that thing will build up her arm muscles. It will be useful when she picks up a real weapon" the duchess replied, peering from the report she was reading. 

"Pegasi whiskers! I dare you to wear that thing when you go out, mother" 

"I am too old for such things, daughter. You kids are young. You should explore and challenge the norms" Anastasia replied sagely. 

"So says the angel who was a Seraphim for more than fifty year! Yeah, Aunt Lynn told me how much of a prude you were" Elyssa retorted back. She was referring to her other mother General Lynn Sturm. Even Astrid wasn't aware of her dual parentage. 

"That little coot. She acts mighty and poised these days. Did you know how wild she was back then?" Anastasia fumed. 

"I know, mum. You've told me as much about her as she did about you" 

"What's a Seraphim?" Blaze interjected. He recognized that word from earth. 

"They are a powerful faction. The Heavenly Union isn't just ruled by the queens of each country. The various factions also play a major role in the decision and policy making. The Seraphim are one of the more vocal ones. Their motto is Justice, but they are just a bunch of nosy prudes" Elyssa answered. 

"Oh. Which faction does Aunt Annie belong to?" Blaze asked. 

Anastasia raised a brow in surprise, but quickly gave him an approving smile. Astrid looked at Blaze disbelievingly. 

"She is an Ophanim now. They strive towards gaining wisdom. However, no one under the age of two hundred can become an official member. Something about wisdom coming with age. I think it's stupid" Elyssa explained. 

"It's an old-fashioned rule, but there are quite a few of us who are trying to change it" 

Jie Er and Rebecca entered from the doorway, just as Anastasia finished speaking. 

"I thought you two wanted to stay in for the day" Blaze asked as they joined the group. 

"I had to fill up some forms for umm..." Jie Er started but then glanced towards Astrid. 

"Astrid. Blaze and his mother are here for a personal matter. Can you give us some privacy?" the duchess asked. 

Astrid quickly left the room. She knew the duchess well enough to know when to mind her own business. 

"Blaze, I thought about your situation and decided that the simplest disguise is probably the best one. Jie Er agrees with me. We've decided to portray her as your official mother" Anastasia began as Blaze's face filled with dismay. 

"I used my influence to procure some predated forms. Jie Er and Rebecca went to the Registrar's to submit them. We now have official certificates indicating that you were born to Jie Er twenty years back" Anastasia told Blaze. "I hope you've obtained the forms without an issue?" she asked, turning to Jie Er. 

"Yes! We did. Thank you!" Jie Er replied happily. 

"But she is not my mother!" Blaze finally blurted out fervently. 

The happiness in Jie Er's face quickly faded. Blaze noticed it, but he couldn't even stand the idea of her taking up the role of his mother. 

"She is not my mother. Why can't we just say that she took me in when she found me abandoned near my egg? Isn't that simpler?" Blaze protested, although he realized that it might already be too late to change things. 

Everyone looked at him surprised. No one thought that Blaze would react so vehemently towards the idea of Jie Er being his mother. 

"Blaze Er..." Jie Er started meekly. 

"That will just raise more questions, little Blaze. We don't want people looking into you too deeply. If we maintain that Jie Er is your mother, no one will be curious about where you came from. They will be interested in your strength and your heritage, but no one will question whether you really hatched for her or not" Anastasia tried to convince him. 

"I can't accept it" Blaze replied looking down. He couldn't look Jie Er in the eye. 

"You don't have to Blaze Er. You just have to pretend in public. I know I can't replace your real mother, but I had hoped you'd accept me as an adoptive one" Jie Er said regretfully. The disappointment in her voice was obvious. 

Blaze felt an intense wave of guilt wash over him. He felt disgusted with himself. What had he been doing to a woman who had essentially treated him as her child from the get go! He visibly shivered and Jie Er felt even more remorseful. 

"I am sorry, auntie. I love you very much. But, I just can't call you that" Blaze replied without looking at her. 

Silence prevailed for a few moments. 

"Well, for your own sake, I hope you put up with it until you are strong enough. I've contacted the headmistress of Elyssa's school. You can attend there from the next school year. However, you will have to take an exam to be placed in a higher grade" Anastasia said, to break the somberness. 

Blaze could only nod. 

Anastasia discussed a few more details about the official story they were going to go with, before they allowed Astrid to return. 

The group had high tea and spent time together before it was time for Blaze's group to return home. 

Res Kal, Elyssa's guardian, was waiting for them with a carriage, outside the chateaux. 

"Thank you for everything, Min Marigold. I had a really good time at Cali" Blaze thanked Anastasia as they stepped out. He couldn't even bring himself to call her Aunt Annie in front of Jie Er. 

"It's been my pleasure, little one. Please continue being a good friend to Elyssa. You can visit Cali anytime you want" Anastasia replied, giving him a quick hug before turning to speak with Elyssa. Astrid stepped up to Blaze. 

"I can't attend school with you because I just finished my 3rd school year. But can I visit you at Varan or at your school?" she whispered in his ear, while giving him a hug. 

"Of course, Astrid" Blaze replied, returning her hug warmly. 

The others quickly said their farewells and the four off them got onto the carriage. 

"Be safe Elyssa. I will see you next week" Anastasia waved as the carriage launched into the air. Soon, the four of them were on their way back to Varan. 

*** 

The trip back to Varan was uncomfortable despite Rebecca's attempts to lighten the mood. Elyssa dropped them off at their home and the three angels had a silent dinner. 

Blaze pretended to fall asleep on the couch while reading a book. He felt quite puerile, but it was the best method he could think of to avoid talking about his issue with Jie Er. 

"What's bothering you?" Elyssa asked Blaze the next morning, after watching him mope around for a couple of hours. 

"Nothing" 

"Talk to me, Blaze. Am I not your best friend?" Elyssa said, throwing his own words at him. 

"It's hard to explain, Ely..." 

"And?" 

"Sigh. It's because of my memories from my previous life. I am having trouble reconciling them and my relationship with Jie Er. It's difficult to explain as there's no relatable context in this world" Blaze replied. 

"Blaze. I was hesitant to say this, but have you considered the possibility that those memories might just be an artifact of your unnatural hatching? You were born with much more information in your head than any angel I know. Maybe this is your mind's way of making sense of all the information" Elyssa postured. 

Blaze shook his head. He had thought of that possibility. But his memories were too vivid. He couldn't make up an entire life in his head. 

"Well, tell me what specifically is the problem then? Why are you so against Jie Er being your mother? I can see that both of you care about each other, and as far as I can tell, she has done more for you than your real mother" Elyssa prodded him. 

"It's not her, Ely. I've done things to her that will become repugnant to me if I consider her as a mother. Even if it is only an adoptive one. I never saw her as a motherly figure, Ely. But now I see the look in her eyes and it makes me disgusted with myself. You won't understand it. It's like trying to understand how a cat or a fish feels. You won't know until you've lived as one" 

"But..." Elyssa tried to make Blaze talk more, but he just closed himself off. 

*** 

Blaze kept avoiding Jie Er over the course of the week, refusing to even touch her. Despite constantly being wracked by guilt, he slept in Rebecca's room and even re raised the topic of building another room for him. What made it even worse for him was the fact that Jie Er never once got angry or even displayed impatience. She just treated him as a patient mother dealing with her hormonal teenager. 

His relationship with Jie Er and the fact that Elyssa would be gone after the week put Blaze in a cloud of perpetual gloom. The only high point of the week was on Fredas when Blaze spotted a familiar rabbit traipsing the landscape along the edge of the forest. Rebecca and he had started off a bit later than usual that morning. 

"Aunt Becky? What do you think of rabbits?" Blaze asked her as she flew over the river. 

"They are cute..." 

"Even that one?" 

"Oh, that's a carnike. They have horrid looking teeth but are otherwise quite harmless. They are cowards and only attack if they see someone running away. They instantly flee if you turn back at 'em'" Rebecca said, spotting the oversized fur ball who was now looking at them. 

"Would you care if I punted it into the forest?" 

"Haha. No. I doubt even if it would. Its skin is quite tough. Why? Don't tell me it chased you around when you ventured out by yourself" Rebecca asked. 

Blaze remained silent. 

"Hahaha. It did? This will make an amazing tale for the future. The great deva Blaze chased around by a little carnike. Haha" Rebecca guffawed. 

"Very funny. Release me!" Blaze replied tapping Rebecca's arms. 

They were a few hundred feet up in the air, but Rebecca was confident enough in Blaze's flying skills to let him go. 

Blaze straightened his body and dived at the carnike. The creature immediately recognized him and started snarling. But it suddenly realized that there was something different about this time. The little angel seemed to be coming at it with vengeance in his mind. 

The cowardly rabbit immediately turned tail and sprang towards the forest. 

At a height of around a hundred feet, Blaze unfurled his wings and glided towards the creature. The carnike was fast but he had picked up enough momentum to outrun it. He swooped down and swung his leg as hard as he could towards its soft behind. He channeled all his anger and guilt into the kick. 

"Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeee" the carnike cried as it sailed twenty feet and landed in the forest with a heavy thud. Blaze bounced back from the momentum before he landed. 

"That was a solid kick. You may have a future in football" Rebecca joked as she landed beside him. Azra-El also had a form of soccer. 

The carnike screeched at him angrily from the within the safety of the trees before scurrying away. 

Blaze looked at Rebecca with a wry grin. The kick had felt quite good. He glanced at the amused angel and felt the pangs of hunger that had been recently been building up. Rebecca was in civilian clothes and her purple outfit was a racy fusion between a corset and a leotard. 

The front of the outfit was shaped like an inverted spearhead, with each of the three edges covering her important regions. Short rectangular cuts decorated the sides and three strips of cloth circled her upper waist, stomach and hips to help the outfit cling tightly to her skin. She was also wearing thigh high socks and long bell-bottomed sleeves. 

"Are you finally over whatever you've been going through?" Rebecca asked him with a knowing smile. She recognized that look. 

Blaze had been strictly celibate over the week. He had been feeling too guilty to do anything in the house and Agatha reminded him too much of Jie Er. He had been okay the first couple of days, but a strange hunger he had never felt back on earth started building up in the pit of his stomach. 

The uncontrollable libido also brought with it severe headaches and relentless restlessness. It grew worse every day. 

The previous day, he had to fight a strong urge to push down Elyssa at the library and when he returned home he once again felt a desire for Jie Er, even though it had completely vanished since his return from Cali. 

Had he become addicted to sex? That couldn't be. A little more than twice a day wasn't too much was it? 

He wanted to extend his celibacy a little longer to see what would happen, but Rebecca's outfit and her words put him over. 

He stepped up to her, sneaked his arms around her waist and hugged her tight. He wrapped his wings around her and rested his cheeks between her breasts for a few moments as she silently caressed his hair. 

After a short moment of silent intimacy, Blaze sneaked his hands down her spine and spread them across her butt. He relished their texture as he felt Rebecca move her own hands into his boy shorts and cup his butt cheeks. 

Suddenly, Rebecca grabbed his butt and lifted him up for a kiss. He felt uncomfortable for a moment before the rising hunger inside him pushed it down. He wrapped his legs around her hips, held her head in his hands and started devouring her lips. 

They pulled apart after a while and Rebecca set him down. Blaze reached for her breasts, but Rebecca put up a hand and pulled out a table from her space ring. Blaze looked at it curiously as Rebecca climbed on top of it. She leaned back on her hands, set her feet on the edge of the table and spread apart her knees invitingly. 

The table was just the right height. 

"Where did you get it?" Blaze asked with a grin as he stepped in and wrapped his arms around her. 

"Bought it in Cali. Thought you'd appreciate it" 

"I do!" Blaze replied kissing her again and reaching for the knots at the back. He undid them one by one and slowly unwrapped the outfit off her skin. 

He stepped back and feasted his eyes on her erect nipples and pink slit. Rebecca looked at his roving eyes and slightly bit her lower lip. The gesture made his mind go blank. 

He rushed onto to her and immediately penetrated her with one fluid motion. 

"Aaaaghh" Rebecca screamed in both pleasure and surprise, as her walls clenched around his hot member. Thankfully, she was already a little damp with anticipation. 

"What's wit.. hmmph" Rebecca started to say but suddenly found her mouth enveloped by his. She looked into his eyes and found them ablaze with a strange fire. A hungry fire. Almost like a predator looking at its prey. 

Rebecca felt a chill travel up her spine. She felt both intimidated and excited by those eyes. She felt his hips rise and her needy walls clamped after the retreating member. Without warning, Blaze rammed his hips into hers. 

Rebecca moaned into his lips as she felt his tongue and penis enter her at the same time. Her lips wrapped tightly around his tongue as her lower lips made way for his rod. 

Blaze engulfed her mouth with his and let her taste him as he once again raised his hips only to slam back into her. What's going on? He doesn't seem to be himself, Rebecca wondered even as she began to lose herself in the rising pleasure. 

His pace quickly built up as her hips learned to keep up. Once Blaze's hips realized they couldn't move any faster, he pushed her down on the table and climbed up. He grabbed her around the shoulders, pasted himself on her body and straddled her hips with his knees. He took a breast into his mouth and started fucking her vigorously. 

"Blaze..." Rebecca tried to talk to him, but he did not respond. He could not respond. He engulfed her breast in his mouth and sucked on it like it was sponge filled with water and he was parched. 

Rebecca's moans slowly turned into screams of pleasure. She grabbed his head and pushed him into herself as she wrapped her legs around his hips. The two of them completely mashed into each other and soon their pleasure reached a fever high. 

Finally, Blaze's body couldn't hold on and he came. Rebecca felt a fast jet of semen hit her cervix and it brought her over. She shivered and wrapped Blaze in a bear hug as his body spasmed and his hips grinded against her as he released each stream, deep into her vagina. Their bodies seemed to meld into each other. 

Once Rebecca felt the bursts of pleasure cede, she lifted her head to talk to him. But instead, she suddenly found herself being turned over. 

"What the..." she started to protest, but suddenly felt her anus being penetrated by Blaze's tongue. 

"Blaze..." 

Blaze refused to talk to her and continued sucking on her puckered hole. Rebecca did not mind it rough and even wanted it at times. But, right now she didn't believe that Blaze was in control of himself. 

She thought of pushing him off and questioning him, but she reconsidered it. Maybe she should just let it go through its course. It wasn't like she wasn't enjoying it. Ultimately, Rebecca sighed to herself and surrendered to his desires. 

Blaze sucked and licked her butthole until she was completely lubricated. He immediately leaned over her butt and placed his tip at her entrance. Rebecca half expected him to shove it in, but Blaze took it slowly enough. He firmly but carefully pushed himself between her rectal walls. Rebecca had learned from her experience and she loosened her muscles to smoothly let him in. 

Once Rebecca felt his entire length buried inside her, she clenched her muscles tightly. Blaze grunted as he fell against her back. Suddenly, Rebecca felt herself being bitten on her shoulder blade. Not hard enough to draw blood but hard enough to cause pain. 

"Eaaahhhhh" Rebecca screamed. Pain turned into pleasure and she instantly came. She was confused. Why was she cumming so easily, despite him being rough? 

Blaze didn't give her time to think and started ramming into her anus. He put his hands underneath and grabbed her breasts. He squeezed them tight as he bounced his hips on her springy butt. 

Rebecca felt her mind cloud with ecstasy and something else. She felt her pleasure increase exponentially as his rod titillated the thousands of nerve endings in her anus, while the rough movements caused the table to stimulate her clitoris. 
