 By popular request. Will be updated with each chapter as more characters are introduced

If I had to cast this saga as a movie the following roles would be played by:

Allison Heut = Natalia Mars

Madison Koufax = Courtney Trouble

Kaylee Parker = Karly Baker

*****

The following story takes place in an alternative history. All STDs were cured in the 90s and rampant population growth is controlled by year-long birth control for both sexes that's administered every time you renew your ID. Most sexual taboos are no longer a moral battlefront save for bestiality and pedophilia and sex in general is seen more as entertainment or a sport, rather than something connected specifically to love or mating. Sexfighting, where two individuals competitively try to make each other orgasm, is wildly popular. To participate in Sexfighting, one must get their Consent License through a series of classes and health screenings. This particular story follows nineteen year old transgirl Allison Heut. Allison is a young dickgirl aspiring to be a champion sexfighter. 

Her parents are out of town for the next few weeks and she just got her Consent License.

Her first match was against her amiable ex-girlfriend, Suze. Alli won, but only barely.

Later she would discover that her friendly neighbor and lifetime crush Mrs. Madison Koufax was none other than 1988 World Champion, The Crimson Queen.

Last night Allison asked Madison if she would be her sexfighting coach.

This is the morning after.

————————————————————————————-

Before anything else was the feeling of sheets alien to her bed.

Allison was not in her bed. She was in Mrs. K's bed.

Gradually, her memory of last evening returned.

It was oodles to process.

Alli had asked her neighbor/life-long crush/idol to train her as a sexfighter. Resultantly Mrs. Koufax, mother of three and former Pro-Fuck Mega League World Champion, put her to the test.

"Ooooh no..." Allison groaned, briefly trying to smother herself to death with a pillow.

It didn't seem like it went that well considering she passed out from cumming harder than she ever had in her entire life so far. More so, she had made a complete fool of herself with that ridiculous 'cowgirl' schtick she tried to pass off as an archetype. Hindsight wasn't just 20/20--it was utterly humiliating. Harrowing. Dreamcrushing. There was no way Mrs. K would want to train her... except maybe out of pity? The thought of that was even worse. Trying to fuse her face with this pillow was only helping subvert these feelings slightly.

Wiping her eyes and sitting up, the sniffling girl looked around the room trying to get her bearings. If she could just jump out the window, crawl back to her house and hide forever, everything would be okay. Instead, she found her dress folded over at the foot of the bed and went to put it on.

It was time to face the music.

An angelic-sounding "La da dee la dee da~ La da dee la dee da~" could be heard hummed from downstairs. The already fragile-feeling failure at the top of the stairs hesitated and lingered a moment longer. The neurotic Ms. Heut thought again about jumping out one of the second floor windows to avoid this conversation completely but was interrupted by her own memories bubbling back up as she noticed the ruffled patches of carpet along the stairs. Mental snapshots of the oral-centric ascension up them would gradually coax her to continue back down them.

"Morning there, Princess."

Madison Koufax looked back, having heard the familiar squeak of her home's bottom step.

"Almost done with breakfast. Have a seat."

Wordlessly, Allison complied, afraid to open her mouth but nervous that if she didn't say something soon Mrs. K would be able to hear the hammering pound of her heart. Luckily, the robe-adorned hostess filled in the gap after checking the cinnamon buns baking away in the oven(while also managing to give Allison a peek of her robe roding up just a little above the tops of the backs of her lusciously lurid thighs).

"Your cellphone is changing on the counter by the way-- poor Kaylee drained it calling you nonstop this morning. I let her know you're alright though."

"Thanks... sorry about that."

Madison turned from the stove top to look over at the visibly bothered Heut girl.

"It's fine. Sorry I might have pushed you too hard last night. You really went down for the count, Princess," Mrs. K smiled and sauntered over, collecting her arms around Alli's head and bundling her face to press against her silk framed cleavage.

Allison was paralyzed from the affectionate embrace and doubly so from being smothered by the universe's most sensual and sexy bosom. The poor girl was already flush and breathing hotly as she struggled between an anxious breakdown and humping her chair.

"I also took the liberty of calling your mother. I just wanted to make sure it was okay with her if we went forward."

Allison gasped, eyes wide and shiny with excitement as Mrs. K seemed to confirm her wildest dream come true.

"WHAT DID SHE SAY!?"

Madison smiled and let her robe slip some quite a bit, exposing much more than just 'some cleavage'.

"You start this morning," she stated plainly, fingers combing through Allison's hair as her new protegee lost herself in celebrating this life-changing occasion by squealing through a flurry of thankful kisses all over Mrs. Koufax's bare chest, her neighbor/life-long crush/idol and now her coach.

——————-

Admittedly, Allison told herself, she could have been a little more prepared.

This was proved by the vivid ruby grapefruit color her freckled skin glowed on what felt like her 1,000,020th lap.

It was actually the 10th.

For their first session, Mrs. Koufax was having Allison run laps. Naked except for her sneakers. Seemingly forever. It wasn't even noon yet.

It began okay. They were using the track at the local rec center so it was fairly private on a weekday morning like this. Even if it was a bit more public, Alli seemed rather comfortable dashing around in nothing but her pink Reebok Classics. That was until the fourth lap. Comfort was giving way to obvious fatigue.

Sweat rolled off her like she was melting.

Coach Madison watched all the while, dark ruby shades and fluorescent blue windbreaker giving her the appearance of a gym teacher right out of your wildest, wettest dreams. Madison certainly wasn't oblivious to this fact, smirking as she caught her young ward obviously ogling her zipped-down cleavage with each pass.

It became especially adorable when Allison was barely managing a staggered jog, raggedly panting but still managed find her gaze sweeping across Madison's front.

Seeing her pretty pink boner slap her tummy near-constantly in stride was also way cute.

"Oh wow! How many more does she have to go?" A gingerly chirpy Kaylee "Trigger" Parker asked as she trotted up to Mrs. Koufax from the side entrance.

"She's about there." Madison surmised, eyes watching the shuddering gait of Alli's heavily labored jogging. She was barely able to hold up her arms at this point to help alleviate the heave of her unfettered breasts

"Goody. Just wanted to stop by and see how training was going. Brought her favorite kind of Gatorade too." Kay mentioned, giving the glistening green bottle a showing thrust outward.

"Ms. Parker. Isn't that just the sweetest of you. Alli really is lu... oh~- excuse me for just a moment. Looks like our girl is about ready for her next lesson." Madison interrupted herself, beginning to advance towards the strawberry pink Allison as she noticed the aspirant brunette dickgirl slump into a clumsy lurch.

"Ohhhh Sweeetie~! Just look at you! All tuckered out..."

Allison's mind had long since been reduced to a tired but stubborn mess of determination.

Her body meanwhile did not have the same luxury of escaping the physicality of this situation through some zen from of exhaustion and arousal. Instead, it gradually was giving out on her until finally she faltered into an out-of-breath crawl on all fours. 

Before she got too far, Madison leaned over and grabbed her--quite literally-- by the balls.

"Do you know what happens to pretty things like you when they get tuckered out in a sexfight?"

Madison began to answer her own question, palm grinding hard against the underside of Allison's sprung-up shaft. Allison was just thrilled that Mrs. K had called her 'pretty'.

"They get fucked and then they lose sweetheart," Madison continued, hand closing into a tight grip around the base of Allison's cock, "And they don't just lose. They lose..." her voice hummed out warmly, pausing mid-statement as she started to tug her protegee's plump prick in milking, thorough strokes over and over and over relentlessly, "HARD".

Allison howled out the best she could, still completely out of breath and sweating bullets but also utterly unable to escape the aggressive handjob.

She started to spurt out uncontrollably. Her lips parted to let out a raspy grunt, cheek pressed into black tartan track.

Madison kept going, her fist clenched around the spasming throbbing dick even after its initial outpour. The second came soon after, just as Allison was groaning and wagging her backend around pathetically trying to escape the forced milking.

"...You did really well... but this is obviously something we're going to have to work on..." Mrs. K whispered to her girl, hunched over her side to let the words seep between nibbling nips at Alli's earlobe.

That got the third one out of her, adding yet another goopy sputter of spooge to the small puddle lingering where her cockhead pointed down at the track. While three should have been plenty enough, Madison really drilled in the lesson today with a flurry of cum-slicked palm-pumping right after.

Kaylee watched every second, strangely excited to see the two so engaged in their effort. That and it was hot as hell. She would have liked to stick around longer but...

"Hey Alli." Kay prompted popping over to her BFF and getting down on the ground so they could see eye-to-eye.

Allison made a noise back. Like a moaning 'hi' but very slurred.

"Hope don't mind me dropping in on you two. Just wanted to see how it was going before Jameboy and me head to the movies. Brought you this too." Kaylee rolled the green-filled bottle in Alli's direction and immediately giggled as her friend-turned-sweaty-pink-pile-of-cute lazily tried to chew it open.

"Call me tonight though. I want to hear all about how its going, okay?"

The ever-affectionate duo then tried to trade small kisses goodbye, although Allison's was more of puckered-lip bob of her head.

After Kaylee pushed back into a stand, she eyed over at Ms. Koufax.

"I promise you I tried to get her to run more. She just wasn't convinced she was viable to compete for the longest time."

Madison's features warmed at the solicitous behavior, wiping her hand off using Allison's tired, upward-tilted butt cheeks.

"She's going to do fine, Ms. Parker. And you're plenty welcome to help out anytime you like-- you've done a great job helping our girl so far."

Kaylee beamed back at the offer, shaking her head yes as her lips visible pressed tighter to keep in some kind of excited squealing outburst most likely.

"Yea! I'd like that!" She eventually was able to get out, mildly composed.

——————-

It was a miracle Allison managed to stay standing throughout the whole shower. More miraculous yet, she was even able to make it back to the couch. Nude and barely toweled off, but still, she made it all by herself.

Once she plopped down, that was the end of her ability to move. This cushion would have to be her home now.

"Almost done, Princess! Just get comfortable." Madison announced from the kitchen. The sound of a blender could be heard in stops and starts, on and off.

Allison was already to task, snuggling up against the back of the couch and tugging the red fleece blanket that hung over it down over herself. The air conditioning had originally been heavenly over her super-heated form but now damp and fatigued it just created an unpleasant chill across her exposed body. Madison's arrival found her completely balled up underneath the crimson fleece.

"Awww~ I'll turn down the air a'lil. One second."

Allison peeked out from under the blanket, spying Madison strutting away from the couch. It looked like she still had the windbreaker on, but that was it. The youth nearly gasped in awe, seeing the retired Crimson Queen's powerful posterior in full glory. The pleasingly-shaped cream-colored globes swayed and galloped resplendently before disappearing past the hall. Not even a minute later, Madison came back into view. This time her front was the cause of Allison's longing, fixated gaze. While she did still have the swishy blue jacket on, it was now unzipped completely rather than just half-way. The sight of Mrs. K cunny, tummy and a fair bit of tit turned out to be plenty to inspire a spontaneous 'tenting' of the deep rosy blanket near Alli's waist. The closer she got the more intense and more anxious the nude-but-covered trainee felt, coming to its peak when Madison's neatly groomed 'crown ' was just inches away from her face. Before Alli had a chance to push her broken body to lunge lips-first towards it, Mrs. Koufax ended up shifting and settling onto the couch right next to where Alli was peeking out. She didn't just sit either. The Koufax matriarch leaned into the corner of the couch then reeled in the bundled up apprentice up more to her lap. The brunette rookie murmured happily from under the dark red veil, cheek nuzzling into Madison's warm soft thigh like it was her favorite pillow.

"Might need to sit up a bit for your smoothie, Princess."

Even though it pained her to do so, Alli rose from her happiest of places at the prompt. Normally she could get to be kind of a brat although being this tuckered out had made incredibly receptive to instruction. It made it plain to see why just building up sheer physical endurance was going to be important.

"Strawberry, peaches, yogurt and honey for the most part." Madison went on to mention as Allison took the large tumbler and began to suck earnestly at the straw.

The two adjusted a bit as Allison nursed the smoothie steadily. They ended up under the blanket in a lovely leaning cuddle; Allison nestled up against Madison's side while Madison kept an arm affectionately over Allison to keep her hugged nice and close. If she wasn't so worn out, Allison likely would have been far more neurotic about the experience--it was the ultimate wish fulfillment happening in real time. However blown away she would have been by the chance to cuddle up with her biggest crush, naked and being petted softly all the while, she was simply too drained to do anything but enjoy it.

The large flatscreen TV on the other side of the room was also now on and playing some footage Madison picked out to show her ward.

Two women were tangled with each other on a mat. The olive tanned one in a black bikini, Allison thought was familiar but the other figure in the pink was almost too obvious.

"Wow! Is that Tammy Stevens!? I thought she just did commentary. I didn't know she us--"

"That's actually her mom, Tia."

"Oooooo."

The two on the screen kept the action going furiously. Just when one had the other pinned down, they'd burst out and turn the tables with hardly any indication of who overpowering who.

"Who's in the black?"

"You mean you don't recognize her?"

Allison focused again on the screen. The tanned amazon she was trying to identify was currently squeezing her legs around the other's waist, hands busy plucking and pinching and tickling at the earthy-rouge of the formerly-pink bikini'd wrestler.

"Does she play for PFML?"

"Used to... although you'd probably be more likely to recognize her from more local affairs."

"Wait? She's from Conley Heights?"

"Is here, darling. Well, not here-here but down the street."

"WAIT! Is that Ms. Hanna!?"

"League Commissioner Hanna Fiore. And yes. That is she."

Tia Stevens managed to wiggle out of the leglock, piling atop of Conley Height's current league commissioner so she could try and smother her with hefty bust.

"When was this?"

"Oh! It's just some old practice footage. The girls and I used to record each other during training sessions so we could go back over it... see how we could improve... find where we made mistakes... masturbate furiously to some of the highlights. Ms. Hanna and I actually used to do tag-team together too."

The event on the screen was getting hotter by the second too. The competing viragos had just finished tumbling in a roll, fighting to be on top of the other. In the process, their lips had found each others and a passionate duel of smooches ensued.

On the couch, the two spectators melded closer into a cuddling embrace. With the smoothie all gone and its empty vessel placed on the coffee table, they were free to get uninhibitedly snug with each other. Allison managed to get her face practically buried in Maddie's bountiful opalescent bosom as she shifted up to lay on her reclining coach. Slow massaging passes of Madison's palms wafted across Alli's shoulders and down her back in a gentle tide of caresses.

A more energetic Allison might have started humping or even just added more curious commentary to the scene they were watching. Instead, she was peacefully soaking in the display while relishing every second she was curled up with her ravishing mentor.

So given her expended state and the level of comfort, it likewise might have seemed she would have started napping at some point. Her mind refused to settle though. Between the images on screen and the dream-come-true cuddle session, she was just far too stimulated to turn off her consciousness. This left her hypnotized by the situation, her whole body humming with titillated heat against the constant aching throb of her muscles.

Maybe Madison had noticed the heavier breathing or perhaps it was just that tell-tale slab of dickgirldick twitchy-twitching against her hip that clued her in to Allison's 'elevated' condition.

Maybe she just wanted a kiss too.

As the two on screen kept smacking their lips in a tug-of-war of lustful wills, the fiery red hair of Madison brushed across Allison's brow and alerted her preemptively of Mrs. K's initiative.

"Come here~"

Allison was caught in the headlights as she looked up, watching Maddie's lips form those words in slow-motion before her own sparkling blue eyes scaled up to find deep emerald green drinking her in. Her mouth was already partly spread in that cutely dumbstruck kind of way she often did. Madison took full advantage of that adorable expression by matching her own lips against the neighbor girl's. The feeling of contact, of touch, reminded Alli what to do.

Both pairs of lips pursed together, closing and becoming seamless for just a moment. It was followed by a mirrored puckered, both pink and red blossoming slightly as the kiss edged on deepening to include tongues. A quick pass-by of Maddie's along Allison's bottom lip left a small slick trail. It made their velveteen smiles cling briefly in the next few simmering smooches.

At some point during all this, Madison had wrapped her arms around Allison and heaved her up higher. Allison did her part, straddling up onto her knees but soon faltered into a shuddering murr. She nonetheless braced onto Madison's chest as their impromptu make-out session kept escalating in ardor. A sea of 'Mmm's and 'Ooo's flooded the previously quiet living room, shared both by the couple on TV and the one the couch. They drowned in each others cooing exclamations of romantic pleasure, every utterance either muffled by their kissing or inspiring another salvo of kisses to lip-smackingly swap between them.
