 Author's Comments: 

I was waiting for some feedback on my second chapter before posting this one. But since literotica is taking its time, I decided to post it anyway. They do say that it takes between two days to a week. It's been five days since I posted the second chapter. I wonder if I am doing something wrong. 

Finbar: Thanks for the ideas on where I could go with the story. Believe it or not, I thought of most of those things (besides the alien version). I do have a fair idea on where I am going to go with the story. I am intentionally keeping it a suspense. And as you said, there is room for multiple books. If things go super well that is. But, please free to give me suggestions as you read my work. I am doing this for fun, and I am always going to acknowledge any help I use. 

I am planning on exploring some social and political issues with the story. Let's see how successful I am going to be with it. 

*** 

"Come, aunt Becky" Blaze took Rebecca's hand, after seeing Jie Er off. 

Rebecca found it weird that Blaze was suddenly calling her aunt, but she liked the sound of it. Her only family was her mother and she wasn't very close to her. 

So, although she was slightly apprehensive about this conniving little angel, she followed him as he took her into Jie Er's bedroom. 

"Have a seat on the bed, aunty" he told her, once they were inside. 

"What's with the change in attitude?" Rebecca asked him, giving him an uncertain look. 

Blaze just looked at her quizzically. 

"You were quite mean earlier..." 

"Oh, I was just pretending. It was all to provoke you into taking that bet. I didn't mean any of it. Aunty Jie Er wasn't sure if she was going to win against you, so I devised a sure-fire method of retaining the house. I really didn't mean any of the things I said" Blaze explained. 

"Why are you telling me all of this? And, how come you suddenly seem to like me? Calling me aunty ... What are you planning?". 

"umm... Well, I thought it was kinda funny to call you Aunt Becky. I really like the sound of it. Don't you?" Blaze replied. 

Rebecca harrumphed. 

The real reason was that he did not know that there was another polite term to address an elder. 

"The reason I am telling you all of this is that I don't think you are a bad angel. You wouldn't have agreed to those terms if you were. I don't think you are stupid enough to accept that wager even if you were enraged by my performance. I think that once you realized that there was a child in the house, you were subconsciously looking for a way to back out. Am I wrong?" Blaze replied. 

Rebecca looked at him confounded. 

"Are you really 19?" 

"Yep" Blaze replied curtly, wondering if nineteen-year-old angels were supposed to be immature. 

"Hela's Tail! You are strong and smart. You have a lot of potential! I can see you becoming a general or a governor" Rebecca said as she flopped herself on the corner of the bed. 

"That's what Jie Er says..." 

"Anyway, a consequence of my condition is that I get this desire to play with the bodies of people I like. I find you beautiful and I kinda like you, so now I have an urge to play with your body" Blaze explained, before he proceeded further. 

Rebecca was surprised and a little moved by his words. 

"While playing with your body, I will do some things. Tell me if you find any of it unpleasant. I will stop. We can experiment. And, if you suddenly get any urges, feel free to act on them. Unless, they are dangerous of course haha" Blaze continued. 

Rebecca did not understand what he meant, but she gave him her affirmation. 

"Just relax and lean back" Blaze told her and climbed on to her lap, straddling her long thighs and wrapping his legs around her back. 

Rebecca leaned back on her hands and brushed her hair back. Without warning, Blaze leaned in to her and kissed the side of her neck. A strong smell of roses wafted into his nose, intoxicating him. 

Hungry for more, he showered her neck with kisses and gave the side of her neck a lick. She tasted like rose flavored candy. His tongue slowly creeped up her neck and reached her left ear. He kissed it once and began sucking on her soft earlobe. 

"That tickles" Rebecca giggled, brushing her cheek against his. 

Blaze moved to her sharp chin and kissed it. He sucked on it a little, and then sat back to look into Rebecca's pink eyes. Her naturally puckered lips spurred in him a desire to plunder them. 

The passion in his eyes startled Rebecca, but before she could think he pressed his lips against hers. 

The softness of lips against lips surprised her. She had never kissed anyone on the lips before. But before she could relish the sensation, Blaze took her lower lip between his lips and started gently sucking on it. Rebecca instinctively closed her upper lip over his and brushed her tongue against it. 

They continued tasting each other's lips for a while, before Blaze pulled back to look at Rebecca's reaction. Her eyes were glazed with passion. The absence of guilt and the anticipation of what's to come, enhanced Blaze's desire to the next level. 

Looking into his eyes, Rebecca's lips slightly parted; subconsciously wanting more. Taking it as a cue, Blaze plunged onto her lips and forced his tongue between them. Rebecca tasted it, and liking the sensation and the feeling, started licking it. Soon they were sucking and snogging on each other's' mouths as their tongues darted and rolled against each, tasting every part that was accessible. 

Finally, they pulled apart gasping for air. They forgot to breath while immersed in the kiss. 

"Your aunt was right. That was very... nice" Rebecca panted. She seemed a little overwhelmed. She had seen people kiss on the lips before. But, this was very raw. Very personal. 

"We are just getting started" Blaze grinned and leaned forward. Rebecca opened her lips in anticipation, but he only kissed her on the cheek and reached behind to untie her corset. He loosened the strings holding it together and her breasts gained a little freedom. 

"Get up for a moment" he commanded her, and she complied. 

As she stood up, he peeled the corset of her breasts and let it fall to the ground. Her mighty breasts sagged a little under the weight. They were plump, with splendidly rising curves. Her nipples were small and red and were bulging in anticipation. He made her sit back down on the bed, straddled her once more and started sucking on her left nipple as he massaged her other breast. Rebecca held his head and sank her chin into his hair as her arousal overwhelmed her. 

"Lie down" Blaze told her with a gentle push, after he was done with her breasts. 

She lay on her back and Blaze spread her legs apart with his knees. He placed himself between her legs and started showering her body with kisses and licks. He started off with her shoulders and clavicle, and slowly moved down to her cleavage, stomach, hips and finally reached her slightly damp thong. 

"Put up your legs, aunty" he asked her, looking at her garter thong. 

Realizing his intent, Rebecca closed her legs and raised them up. Blaze reached for her thong and pulled the garment up, slowly revealing a thin closed slit and the puckered hole of her anus. Her slit was glazed with vaginal lube. 

He took in the view for a moment before her pulled her garter thong and leggings off. He threw them to side and spread apart her legs once more. 

He immediately leaned in and planted his mouth against her vagina. She had a peachy flavor. Rebecca's panting intensified. 

Blaze sucked against her slit for a minute before he gently inserted his tongue. Rebecca moaned with pleasure. Taking it as consent, he lapped and pumped his tongue while pleasuring her tiny erect nub with his fingers. 

Rebecca tried to control herself, but the new and intense feelings overwhelmed her mind slowly gave in to the pleasure. She started moaning incessantly and within a couple of minutes she shivered and came into his mouth. Blaze lapped and drank her sweet juice as she spasmed multiple times. 

Blaze took his mouth of her only when she stopped coming. He got up and lay on top of her, her breasts against his chest and his penis against her stomach. He looked into her glazed eyes and leaned in to kiss her profusely. 

"Is that your thing against my stomach?" Rebecca asked him after they separated. She could easily feel the massive hot rod pressing against her stomach. 

Blaze got up to give her a view of his erect member. Rebecca got up her elbows and gazed at it. 

"Is something wrong with it?" she asked, gingerly it a touch. It spasmed under her fingers, surprising her a little. 

"It's fine, aunt Becky. It happens when I am aroused. You can feel it if you want" 

Rebecca gently grasped it and felt its hot length under her fingers. She felt a strange emotion at the pit of her stomach, as if it desired this strange protrusion. 

"I want to put it in your vagina" Blaze said candidly, after a moment. 

Rebecca sucked in a deeply. She felt a little apprehensive, but it somehow felt right. 

"I've never tried it with Aunty Jie Er. She usually just sucks me off. I am not sure if it may hurt, but even if it does it shouldn't hurt too much. We can stop if it feels bad for you. But, I really want to try it" Blaze asked her honestly. 

He knew that if done properly and if the female was aroused and lubricated, it didn't hurt for most virgin women. But, he didn't want to give her false hope. Moreover, he wasn't sure how accessible angel vaginas were. 

Rebecca felt a strong desire to have Blaze's penis inside of her, but the concept of such a large object going inside her scared her. 

"Can you do it gently" she asked, biting her lower lip. She wasn't the one to back out that easily. Especially when she was feeling such intense desire. 

"I will do it as carefully as I can" 

Rebecca steeled herself and lay on her back. 

"Do it" she told Blaze, looking into his eyes. 

Blaze gently lifted her legs up and straddled her butt with his thighs. He placed his penis against her slit and felt her warmth against his. He rubbed his length against her slit a few times to lubricate his member and Rebecca moaned at the stimulation. 

He slowly moved his head to her hole, and after rubbing it to and fro a couple of times, gently pushed the head in. Her hole swallowed the width of his tip and instantly clamped down against it. 

Rebecca gasped and then moaned. 

Oh god! She is tight. If Jie Er hadn't sucked him off that morning or if he had any less will power, he would've cum right at that moment. 

Blaze looked into her eyes to control himself. 

"Should I continue?" he asked her. She nodded slightly. 

He slowly pushed himself into her and her vagina got tighter and tighter. 

"Ouch" Rebbeca exclaimed, when he was about two fifths of the way in. He immediately paused and waited for a couple of moments before he started pushing in further. When he faced further resistance, he pulled back a little and pushed in again. 

Finally, when he felt his balls against her skin he leaned into her breasts. He penetrated her completely and felt his groin against hers. He looked at Rebecca and found her intensely at him. She could feel the entirety of the hot member inside of her, and she felt wonderful. She wanted more. She grabbed Blaze's butt and tried to pull him in closer. 

Because of the height difference, his head only came up to her breasts. But, he was perfectly fine with it. He planted his face into her cleavage and wrapped his hands around her shoulders as Rebecca wrapped her legs around him. 

Feeling himself in her tightness, he started slowly gyrating against her. Rebecca moaned as Blaze's pubic region rubbed against her nub. She reveled in the heat and the fullness. 

Her moans slowly started to get into sync with his gyrations and her walls started clamping down on him harder. Suddenly, Blaze raised his hips, pulling his penis out. But before it came out entirely, he plunged it back in with a thwack of thighs. 

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!" Rebecca screamed and came instantly. 

She spasmed and he waited for her to finish before he started pumping again. This time, he started gently and slowly, with small humps. Rebecca's moans and vagina responded by falling in sync with his thrusts. Her walls loosened when he pushed in and clamped him into a tight hug when he tried pull out. Soon, he increased the speed and height of his thrusts. 

Thwack Thwack Thwack. Blaze pumped into Rebecca as they meshed themselves into each other with their arms and legs. Their minds were focused completely on each other, sensing every feeling. Bare skin against bare skin. Warm breath against warm breath. Hot member against hot insides. 

In a few minutes, both of them reached an unbearable high and Blaze forced himself to wait for Rebecca. Finally, she gave out a loud moan like scream and her walls clamped hard against him as they flooded with cum. Blaze felt the tightness and the wetness, and his defenses crumbled as he grunted and exploded. 

Both spasmed against each other in pleasure, as Blaze shot in thick streams of semen into her. They experienced a few moments of extreme bliss before they collapsed into each other's arms. 

Blaze rested his head against her soft breast, as Rebecca softly caressed his head. They lay panting against each other, as Blaze's penis which was still inside slowly started retreating by itself. 

"That was the most amazing thing I've ever felt" Rebecca said to Blaze softly. 

"Mhmmm" Blaze nodded against her breast in agreement. He had never been inside of a tighter vagina -virgin or not. Angels were the best. 

"I am gonna take a tiny nap, aunty" Blaze told her, without getting off her. 

Rebecca just closed her eyes, reveling in the afterglow. Soon, the two of them drifted off into sleep. 

*** 

When Jie Er returned, she found the two of them still asleep in each other's arms. Blaze was still sleeping on top of Rebecca, with his head on one breast and his hand clasping the other. 

"Wakey Wake!" Jie Er shouted in a sing song voice. 

Rebecca was startled awake, while Blaze woke up groggily. He gave her breast a final squeeze before he got off her. 

"Seems like you two had a bit too much fun" Jie Er grinned at them. 

"It was amazing, aunty" Blaze replied unabashedly, while Rebecca turned beet red for reasons inexplicable to her. 

"Good to know! I can work you a little harder now" Jie Er replied. 

"Aunt Becky is helping too!" 

"What?" 

"You still have to do whatever I say for the rest of the weekend. Don't think I will let off so easily!" Blaze replied, as he hurriedly put on his shift and panties and went to give Jie Er a hug. 

Blaze squeezed her tight and then bounded off into the kitchen for a bite. Although his mind was that of an adult, his body was that of a young angel and seemed to be filled with boundless energy. 

"So how was it?" Jie Er asked Rebecca with a grin. 

Rebecca was in a daze. 

"It was heavenly!" she replied with a blank expression, as she sat upright with splayed legs. 

A dribble of white liquid started escaping out of her pink slit. Subconsciously, she reached down with a finger, swiped the liquid and gave it a lick. 

"It's not bad..." she muttered mindlessly. 

"Why is his liquid energy coming out of your vagina?" Jie Er asked dumbly. 

"Because that's where she inserted it. It felt really good" 

Jie Er's eyes widened as things seemed to fall in place. Blaze's penchant for grinding against her vagina, her own feeling of emptiness when aroused, & the fact that his member was located at a similar region of the body. Is this what he meant by trying something new? I wonder why he didn't ask me? 

Jie Er was a little envious. But being the angel, she was, she quickly put it out of her mind. She was just gonna ask him for it herself, especially since Rebecca seemed to be blown out of her mind with the experience. 

"Well, you get dressed. I don't really need your help with the room, but a wager is a wager" Jie Er told her before she walked out. 

Rebecca composed herself after a few moments. She quickly cleaned up, got dressed and went out to meet the crew. 

"The plan is to extend the room from here" Jie Er explained, as the three of them stood outside the cottage; behind Jie Er's room. 

Piles of construction material were placed neatly by the side of the cottage; lumber, drywall, flooring, finishes, screws etc. 

"We can either have a corridor that separates our two rooms or just have a larger room attached to mine. With the second option, you can have two doors; one leading to my room and the other out of the house. You can use the back door to enter the kitchen" 

Blaze liked the second option. 

"Rebecca, do you want to start with the left wall? I will start laying the foundation and little Blaze can help us both when needed?" Jie Er asked. 

Rebecca nodded. 

"This type of wood is for the flooring. It is used to..." Jie Er started explaining to Blaze, after she lead him over to the materials. 

Blaze had never been involved in any sort of construction work before. So, he listened patiently. 

Soon the trio were proverbially sweating under the sun. As they were angels, they couldn't sweat. Angels did not have any form of excretory system. They just exchanged energy with the environment. When they felt hot they released energy and when they were cold they absorbed it. Food and energy manipulation bolstered energy reserves. 

"Aunty, what do you think really happened with my birth?" 

The question had been really nagging him, once he realized that he probably wasn't transported. He was definitely a male angel. 

"I think yours was an orphan birth. It's very uncommon, but the world sometimes creates a child without a mother. But don't you feel bad. I consider you my own" Jie Er said with a loving look. 

Blaze nodded and smiled back. He was never gonna call her mother, not after what he wanted to do with her. 

"At what age do angels become mothers?" Blaze asked, after a while. 

"Any time after they reach adulthood, at around a hundred years of age. But the prime age is between 150 & 350. Some angels never manifest a child" Jie Er replied. 

Blaze already knew that the average lifespan of an angel was around 400-500. However, some strong angels have been known to live past 1000 years. 

"Let's wrap it for the day, angels" Jie Er said, once the sun started to dip below the horizon. 

They'd managed to lay down the foundation and finish the left wall. 

"Do you wanna stay for dinner, Rebecca?" Jie Er asked, as she ported the remaining materials back into her space ring. 

"Umm... Can I stay here for the night? I don't really have a house anymore and I need to find a place to sleep for tonight. I don't want to impose on you though..." Rebecca asked sheepishly. 

"What happened to your house?" 

"I was so sure of winning that I sold mine. I was getting a good deal" Rebecca replied awkwardly. 

"Oh... I do have an extra feather mattress. I bought it for Blaze. I can lay it down in the living room..." Jie Er replied kindly. 

"Thank you!" 

"Well, I will go start up on our dinner" Jie Er replied, walking into the house. 

"Do you want to live here with us, aunt Becky?" Blaze asked Rebecca, after the cottage door closed. 

"What!?" Rebecca asked incredulously. 

"I know you really love this place... You keep glancing longingly at that hot spring. I see the desire in your eyes, young padowan. haha" 

"Little Blaze, me and Jie Er can't even be considered friends. I can't just randomly move in with you guys. No matter how tempting it sounds" Rebecca smiled gently. 
