 Azra El Series

This chapter has been edited by dankmemez. I hope this brings the rating up to what my later chapters have received. If you've stopped reading because of the lack of editing. Please give my work another chance.

It's still not entirely edited until chapter 10, but it gets much better as I slowly started to take this work seriously.

Synopsis: It's basically about a guy who finds himself in a land of angels and demons. Since the world is only inhabited by females, it's up to him to teach them the ways of sexual pleasure. Join Blaze, as he experiences the seemingly utopian society of the angels only to find out that both the angels and demons maybe more human than they seem.

Although, the novel is intended for light reading, the world I've created is neither whimsical nor is inimical to either genders.

Synopsis (by dankmemez): A 19-year old named Blaze wakes up in a new world and with a new body. The world of Azra-El is filled with winged angels and demons, energy manipulation magic, and is devoid of men.

The memories from his previous life guide his actions in introducing the concept of sexual pleasure to the innocent females of Azra-El, who have long since forgotten what men are.

Delve into the intricacies of Azra-El, teeming with its own mystical creatures and factions, and the entirely new concept of sex. Follow the adventure of Blaze as he explores new knowledge, power, and women. The world may have forgotten about the existence of men before, but not this time

What this is going to be: "It will be all about sex, with a coherent plot that will go well with all the sex. I am essentially turning my sexual day dreams into fiction." I did say that when I first started out, but now this story has become a lot more. I've been taking it quite seriously for the past few chapters and the plot has now become more important than simply a means to create sexual encounters. If you're here for a decent story, I believe I can provide it.What this isn't going to be: A work of literary genius.

PS: I had initially started writing this work on a whim. But the response I received has made me chug on, and now to come back and edit these previously barely edited chapters. I think I am going to edit the first four chapters. Once they are done, you will see an EDITED sign on the top of the chapter. This one is now edited both by dank and me.

PS2: I am calling it the Azra El series, now. 'When Angel Cums' was kind of a troll and careless name.

Chapter 1

Blaze awoke to the warmth of thin streams of light against his face and body. His eyes fluttered open, to the sight of himself curled up and completely naked, within the confines of a small and seemingly oval structure.

Straining his eyes in the dim light, he tried to make out where he was. The ceiling of his confinement, translucent under the pale glow of sunlight, cast an eerie light on his body. The only thing he could hear was the babble of water from what sounded like a nearby creak.

Confused and panicked, he sat himself upright and placed a hand against the ceiling. It was soft and feathery to the touch and he forced a finger through one of the gaps as it parted just as easily as feathers. Growing in confidence, he ploughed his fingers through the material and pulled.

Sunlight flooded his feathered pod, blinding him momentarily, as he reflexively held his hands up to shield his eyes. The intensity gradually dwindled, and he forced himself to blink and readjust. He could finally see that the pod was made from a bright orangish-red feathery material.

He gripped the edges of the hole with his fingers and began to furiously tear and widen it. Once it was wide enough, he pulled himself out of the pod and flopped down on the soft lush grass.

Lifting his head, he found himself beside a small rivulet passing through a sprawling grassland, the blades of grass a shade lighter than what he was used to. To the north east, snowcapped mountains towered and reached the skies, and to the south of him lay a forest made up of enormous trees. The sky was a cerulean blue with a few solitary cumulous clouds, puffy and big, almost foretelling a prophecy of what was to come.

He groggily got up to his feet, realizing that his muscles felt weak and heavy, as if he had been floating in water for too long. He turned back towards the pod and noticed that the large orangish red feathery structure seemed awfully lot like an egg.

He tried to recall his last memory, but his mind was hazy and his memories chaotic. So instead of trying to figure out what happened to him, he considered his next move. He was naked, defenseless and seemingly in the middle of nowhere; his options were non-existent.

Suddenly, he spotted a feminine figure flying a thousand feet or so up in the sky, seemingly moving towards him.

A little intimidated, Blaze instinctively jumped back into his pod and hid himself, hoping he had not been spotted. He needed help, but a large flying creature did not seem to be the right choice.

Blaze gawked at the flying figure as she came closer, glided down to a gracious landing and folded her spotless white wings behind her back. They glimmered for a moment before disappearing out of existence, but that wasn't the main reason for Blaze's amazement. He was stunned by her beauty. And, the extremely skimpy clothes she was wearing.

She was tall and lean, almost like a figurine; an hourglass figure, long slender limbs and fingers. Her whitish blonde hair flowed down to her protruding butt, and large curvaceous breasts spilled out of a slender chest. She had large round blue eyes, slanted eyebrows, plump pink limps that displayed a kind smile, and an oval elven face. Her skin was white like jade and her skimpy clothes let him see pretty much all of it; there wasn't a single blemish.

Her clothes, if they could be called that, comprised of a white collar out of which four streaks of feather cloth flowed, curving around her plump breasts. Two streaks spiraled once to hide each of her nipples, while the other two curved around to the bottom of her breasts for support. Her panties consisted of a feathered strap that circled low on her waist and still managed to make a V shape before a piece of white silk hugged her bottom lips. Her hair was held back by a feathered band and her feet were protected by a pair of feathered shoes.

Is she an angel or is she a devil in disguise? Blaze wondered as he peered at her from the hole in his pod.

"Hello, child! Did you just hatch?" she asked with a gentle smile, her voice feminine and smooth like honey. Both her movements and voice contained light seductive overtones, which could've been easily been imagined by a stimulated Blaze. She seemed a little bewildered by his presence in the middle of nowhere.

Blaze was also confused. He searched her face and eyes to figure out what she meant. She seemed much taller than the people from his memories; a little over seven feet. So, it was plausible that he seemed like a child of her race, but a newborn?

The stranger thing was that he could understand the language. Though he couldn't claim to have heard most of the languages of earth, he had heard enough to realize that the words flowing out of her mouth were completely foreign. Foreign to Earth. The words were throaty, nasally and deep at the same time and danced out of her mouth in an almost musical fashion. In fact, if not for her posture, he would've mistaken her to be singing.

"umm... What?" words of the new language flowed out almost intuitively, and they sounded nice even in his ears.

"How long has it been since you broke out of your egg?" she asked, pointing at his pod.

Blaze's eyes widened. It was an egg? The fuck is going on? Did I just hatch out of that thing? What about the memories? Did I reincarnate?

"umm... a few minutes before you appeared. Are you my m...mother?" Blaze responded after a few moments."... No. I felt... something, and I flew over. I am not sure what is going on either. Why would your mother leave your egg here? Wait... come on out child, I want to look at you," the female asked, as she seemed to realize something.

Blaze almost stepped out before he remembered.

"I am naked..." he replied softly.

"Oh!"

The female touched a ring on her left hand and a pair of panties and a white tunic appeared out of nowhere. Blaze gasped. A space ring? I am definitely not on Earth. At least, nowhere at the same time as I remember.

She walked over and handed him the clothes, which he quickly donned under the cover of the egg, before stepping out.

"hmmm. You are a bit large for a newborn. If my suspicions are correct, yours is an anomalous birth. Sometimes, eggs manifest from abnormal concentrations of world energy. It is quite rare. Maybe that is what I felt before," she pondered out loud. Calling it rare was an understatement, but it was possible.

That still doesn't explain my memories. "Why can I understand and speak your language?" he questioned instead. Talking to a stranger about memories from a previous life didn't seem like a great idea.

"All newborn angels hatch with ancestral memories, child. You have a basic understanding of the world ingrained into your brain. Yours, however, maybe a little muddled because of your... anomalous birth," she said with a thoughtful look. Blaze wasn't sure if he was making up half of the things she said.

Angels!? Ancestral Memories? The concepts baffled him, but they were no stranger than being reincarnated in an egg and in a seemingly foreign world. "Hmmm. So, I do not have a mother?" he asked the most likely question a child in his situation would.

Blaze had voiced it more as a confirmation, but the female angel took it to be emotional.

"Child, do you want to come with Aunty Jie Er? I am not the most powerful angel, but I can guide you and provide you with a home until you can do so yourself," she asked kindly after a few moments.

Blaze was stunned. Did a complete stranger just offer him long term shelter and sustenance? He wasn't too inclined in accepting the adoption, even if he was really a newborn. He had the memories of an adult and there was no way he was going to accept being parented.

However, he did not have any idea of what it took to survive in this new world. Moreover, it seemed like he did in fact look like a child. Though it seemed ridiculous, accepting Jie Er's proposal seemed to be his best option for the moment. It didn't hurt that she was the most beautiful being he had seen in his life.

"Okay," he accepted modestly, with a pensive look in his eyes.

"Good!" Jie Er clapped her hands. "Now let's see if we can think of a good name for you. How about... Ariel or Brianna?" she asked excitedly.

Blaze looked at her flabbergasted."You don't like em? How about Arwen or Elanor?"

"Umm... I am a male."

"A what?"

"A male."

"What's a male?"

"..."

"Umm... What do you call an angel of your opposite sex?" Blaze asked her after a moment.

"What are you talking about, child. Maybe your manifestation was even more faulty than I imagined," Jie Er replied in concern as she moved to him and started feeling his head with her hands. His eyes stared into the deep ravine of her cleavage.

Blaze's mind reeled as he strongly resisted the urge to plunge his face into the ravine.

Was there another word for male? Why couldn't he translate? Shouldn't it be obvious to the angel? Wait...

"Umm... how are normal angels born? What's the exact process?" Blaze suddenly questioned.

Jie Er looked at him inquisitively before explaining. "They hatch just like you did. However, there is usually a mother around. As for how an egg forms, when the time is right, an angel feels an irresistible urge to create a child. She then uses the world's energy to grow a pair of stiff wings on her lower back.

"It takes around eight to twelve years for the wings to reach full size, and when they mature, they detach and turn into an egg. The egg incubates for another year or so before the child comes out. The process is quite strenuous, and the mother has to regularly guide world energy into the egg." Jie Er explained.

"So, only one angel is required to birth a child?" Blaze reaffirmed.

"Yeah... unless you count help from your friends and family."

Blaze suddenly reached down to his groin and felt around. He gave a sigh of relief after finding that everything he needed was still there. It would be a terrible injustice if he was in the company of such a woman and didn't have the equipment to do anything about it. Was he the only male in the world? Was he even an angel?

But what was he to say? Should he reveal himself? He couldn't hide it forever. Moreover, there was no way he would accept to being called Ariel for the rest of his life.

"What about Ellisandra?" Jie Er asked again.

"Umm... Jie Er. I may have hatched into this world only recently, but I am almost twenty years old. I've lived in another world before. My original name is Blaze. I'd prefer, if you call me that," he explained vaguely. He realized how insane he sounded, but there was a possibility that it wasn't as ridiculous to the angel.

Jie Er pulled back and looked at him strangely for a moment, before she gave him a contemplative nod. Blaze had an inkling that she did not believe a word he had said and probably thought that his mind was addled due to his strange hatching situation.

"Okay Blaze. Aunty Jie Er doesn't mind calling you that, but you will call me Aunty Jie Er or Aunty," Jie Er replied softly but firmly. (In some cultures, Aunty is a form of address towards the older generation, rather than a direct relation.)

"I really am an adult..."

"No, you aren't! Even if you are really a twenty-year-old, angels aren't adults until they hit a hundred. I will be 166 this year! Child, you shall call me an aunt until you are old enough to fend for yourself," she said adamantly.

Blaze was stunned for a moment, before he just sighed in acceptance. If she was really 166, he'd even be fine with calling her granny. He also didn't see the point in arguing his maturity before he understood more about the world. It was entirely possible that the angels were a higher level of beings and human intellect was puerile in their perspective.

"Ok Aunty!" Blaze replied with a smile, quickly composing himself. He had always been quick at adapting to new and strange situations.

Jie Er smiled happily and pulled him into a hug, and his face plunged into the space between her cleavage. Blaze felt the rise of his member as his arms intuitively went around her waist. He felt the skin on the small of her back with his fingers. It was smooth, soft and taut. He hugged her tight and wondered if angels could fuck.

"You like hugs don't you, child? Aunty likes them too," Jie Er laughed heartily when he didn't pull away after a few moments.

Blaze stepped back and smiled at her sheepishly. His heart felt guilty, but his mind did not.

"Well, let's get going. We are a few yonders away from my home and I want to get there before dinner," Jie Er explained as she manifested her beautiful white wings, with a wingspan of around sixteen feet.

"Umm Aunty, I can't fly" Blaze said, reaching out to her wings and feeling her feathers. They were plush, soft and beautifully white.

"I know Blaze. You just hatched. It will take a while before you can fly. For now, I will carry you. Hop on!" Jie Er replied as she opened her arms.

Blaze stared at her incredulously. "Can I not hold on to your back instead?"

"How will I move my wings then? Don't feel shy. What's the difference between hanging on to my back or my front? Come now" Jie Er said excitedly. She really seemed to be getting into this parenting business.

Blaze hesitantly raised his arms as Jie Er stepped in. She bent down a little and lifted him by grabbing his butt cheeks as if he was child.

"Now wrap your legs around me and hold on tight."

Blaze sighed and wrapped his legs around her while leaning his chest to the side, so she could see where they were going. Jie Er was only about fifteen inches taller than him and was quite slender, so Blaze felt quite weird about hanging onto her like a child.

"I think we need to figure out a be-" Blaze tried to convince her of a different way of transport, but she leapt into the air without warning. Her wings flapped vigorously, taking them into the skies.

"You can ease up now," Jie Er said simply as her flight reached a steady height. Blaze wrapped one hand around her neck, and the other went around her chest and under her wings as he lowered his legs to go around her thighs. His cheek pressed against hers as he lowered his chin on to her shoulder. He could feel the softness of her breasts against his chest, and his manhood threatened to rise even more, as it pressed firmly against her stomach. Her absence of clothing and his thin panties didn't help much.

Ah! Fuck it! Blaze thought to himself as his hand started wandering around on her back, feeling her skin. Slowly, he moved downwards and felt her feathered panties. He moved past the strip of feathers and onto her butt, and finally felt the crease between her right buttock and thigh. He cupped her butt cheek and squeezed it, relishing the sensation. It was perfectly rounded and very bouncy.

"What are you doing child?"

"Just finding a comfortable spot to hold on, Aunty."

"Ah, ok. Hold on tight"

He squeezed more.

******

A half hour later, Blaze felt Jie Er descending. A moment after, she landed smoothly on a lawn.

"You can let go now, little Blaze," she said, bending her knees to lower him.Blaze let himself down slowly, brushing his body against hers as much as possible, and finally put both his hands on her butt-cheeks, pretending to steady himself. He only let go after giving them a final squeeze.

He was a bit embarrassed by his actions, so he immediately turned around to look at where they were.

In front of them was a small single storied cottage, adorned with flowering vines. A lush lawn with flowering shrubs sprawled around the cottage and the 4000 square feet of land that was enclosed within a twelve feet high wall. Stone pathways cut across the area but there was no entrance door. To their left was a steaming pool of water and to the right was a small vegetable garden. Behind them was a large tree that looked like a cross between an oak and a banyan. Underneath it was a table and a couple of chairs.

"It a beautiful place, Aunty," Blaze said after looking at Jie Er's expectant face.

"Thank you! I worked hard to get it. Let me show you in."

Blaze let her lead as he feasted his eyes on her bare back. A lean white back plunged into an even leaner waist that suddenly exploded into wide hips and a rounded butt that stood high from the depth of her spine. Her hips swayed gracefully as her long legs held a natural cat like gait. It made him wish her long hair was at her front and not obstructing his view.

Blaze stepped inside as Jie Er held the door for him.

It was a cozy cottage. There was a small living room with a couple of feathered couches and a wooden tea table. The smaller kitchen included a round high table and a couple of high chairs. To the right of the kitchen was a single room.

"Looks very comfortable, Aunty. Where will I be sleeping?" The couches weren't big enough to sleep and there only seemed to be one room.

"You can just sleep with me. We can add a new room for you later. But you can sleep with me after that as well. I have a bed large enough for two," Jie Er replied plainly.

He gawked at her, but his expression soon changed to one of excitement. Why would he say no to sleeping with her? As long as he got a separate room, he was more than fine with sharing her bed. He needed his alone time.
