 Author's Notes: Ooh. Someone mentioned if I would include different types of angels. I looked into it and was surprised at how many different types and categories of angels there were (excluding the fairies and pixies I mention in this chapter). I am going to do some research on it. I've never been too religious, so my knowledge about angels is derived only from the stuff I've read as a kid.

Something Important to consider: Someone commented that I shouldn't be like people who write something and make the later chapters for pay. This book and anything that follows is never going to be for money. But I'd like people to consider something. Writing takes up a lot of time. It may take only an hour or so for you to read a chapter of this length, but it takes a lot more for an author to write it. I am financially stable and currently have a lot of free time, so I can do something like this for fun. However, not everyone is as lucky as I am. Please consider supporting people whose work you like and need the money to continue that work.

The pegasi drawn carriage was a wacky looking contraption. It had two wide airplane wings on the sides, and a mushroom shaped inflatable leather top that seemed to be filled with buoyant air. It seemed as if someone tried really hard to make the thing float but did not put much effort in its aesthetic look nor tried to make it into an efficient flyer. It was, however, quite spacious.

"Is the duchess aware of our meeting?" Jie Er asked Elyssa after the carriage leveled at a height of about two thousand feet.

"Yes, but she doesn't know why we are meeting her." Elyssa replied.

"What did you tell her?" Blaze inquired.

"I just told her that my friend and her aunts are coming to visit and that I want her to meet them"

Cali came into view a couple of hours after they started from Varan. If Elyssa hadn't referred to it as a town, Blaze would've assumed it to be a city. It was quite vast with spread of over a couple of yonders. Unlike Varan, large buildings were not concentrated at the center and the whole town seemed to be arranged into distinct blocks. It seemed to have a population of at least twenty or thirty thousand people. Vast fields of farmland surrounded the town, and irrigation canals cut through the lands from the eastern river.

The carriage flew over the town wall unimpeded and sped towards the center. It headed towards a small hill to the middle eastern part of the town.

"That's the duchess mansion. Mum got herself transferred when I moved to Varan" Elyssa said, pointing towards the lone mansion at the top of the hill.

However, to call it a mansion was doing it injustice. It reminded Blaze of lavish French chateaus. The acreage of both the mansion and its surroundings was huge, essentially occupying the entire hill. The central building was at least a few hundred feet wide, with elaborate towers, spires, and steeply-pitched roofs.

"Transferred?" Blaze questioned.

"Anyone above the rank of an earl gets transferred about every decade or so" Elyssa explained as if it was common.

Hmmm... Why would hereditary positions have transfers? Either there are concerns over consolidation of power or the positions work more like the civil service, Blaze wondered as they flew over the numerous fountains, lawns, play courts and ponds that were spread over the hill. It seemed as if the hill housed more than just the duchess and her retinue. Or, her retinue was extra-large.

The carriage landed between the entrance of the mansion and the extravagant fountain at the front. Elyssa jumped out of the carriage, with excitement, and Blaze followed her. As soon as they stepped out, the large and heavy wood doors of the mansion swung wide open and two angels walked out.

"Mum!" Elyssa shouted and ran up the stairs to her mother. Blaze waited for his two aunts to step out as he observed the two angels.

Even without the difference in attire, Blaze could easily make out Elyssa's mother from the two angels. The resemblance with Elyssa was conspicuous.

Duchess Marigold was a small but striking woman; small for an angel at around 6'5. She had piercing gray eyes that seemed to take in everything, a small red mouth, a thin soft nose, and voluminous pecan colored hair that was put up in a fontange.

She wore a sky-blue neck gown that revealed plenty of cleavage. The gown reached the floor but had wide cuts at her hips which revealed her bony hips and long thighs. Blue diamonds studded her breast coverings and a blue diamond circlet adorned her hair. A couple of blue sleeves covered her slim arms and a flared black and blue collar enshrined her head.

She gave Elyssa a quick but warm hug and waited for her guests with a gentle smile. As they climbed the stairs, they noticed the conspicuous air of nobility the duchess exuded. And although Blaze had been irritated with Elyssa, the Duchess did not cause a similar reaction. She radiated poise and elegance. She made him feel assured and that everything around her was in her control.

"You must Elyssa's dear friend! I've been quite excited to meet you. You're very beautiful" the duchess exclaimed taking Rebecca's hands when the trio reached her.

"Mum! She's my friend" Elyssa exclaimed pointing at a wryly grinning Blaze.

Rebecca sprouted a jubilant smile and Jie Er seemed a little miffed. Did that mean she looked old enough to be Rebecca's aunt?

The duchess seemed taken back for a moment.

"Isn't she a bit young to be your friend?" she whispered in Elyssa's ear, as if the others could hear her.

"Sigh! That's why we are here. I will explain once we get inside"

"Ahem" the duchess cleared her throat. "Hello little one. You're also very beautiful"

"Not as much as you Min Marigold. Thank you for having us over. This is my Aunt Jie Er Lokra and this is Rebecca Flynn. Umm... she is also my aunt, I guess" Blaze replied with an amused smile. The duchess already seemed a lot more approachable than she looked.

"Aren't you a charmer. Come on in everyone. You all must be hungry. Siv has prepared a delectable breakfast for us" the duchess replied taking Blaze's arm and leading them inside.

Siv was the other angel standing beside the duchess. She wore a skimpy black and white suit and seemed to be the duchess's butler. She looked to be the oldest angel among the group.

They entered the chateau and stepped into a wide receiving chamber with long corridors leading to the interiors. The dome like ceiling was high with a massive central chandelier. Elaborate depictions from some angel tale were painted around the center, like the ceiling of the Sistine chapel.

Rebecca and Blaze looked around, a bit bedazzled by the grandeur.

They took one of the corridors filled with portraits of grand looking angels. and walked to a huge dining room. A long twenty angel glass dining table with silver cutlery stood at the center.

The duchess sat down at the head of the table and the others followed suit. Elyssa and Blaze sat to her left and the two older angels sat to her right.

"Shall I begin the meal, mistress?" Siv asked the duchess.

"Please" she responded, and soon several maids started bringing dishes, course by course; ranging from different kinds of breads and hors d'oeuvres to soups and salads.

"So, you wanted to discuss something?" Anastasia asked after they finished eating.

"Mum, can we get some privacy?"

Anastasia gave Elyssa a curious look and waved at the maids. They quickly disappeared.

"Guess how old Blaze is" Ely asked her mother.

"80?"

Elyssa burst out laughing.

"What?"

"Why would you guess that?"

"Well, I thought maybe that's why you brought her here. I guessed she is an unnatural and that she maybe older than she looks?" the duchess responded, suddenly becoming more curious.

"She is an unnatural alright. But..."

"But?"

"She is actually younger than she looks. Stronger and smarter too. Maybe not as mature though..." she replied with a grin.

Blaze controlled the urge to chuck the piece of cinnamon roll that he was munching on at Ely.

"What?"

"Yep. Guess again?"

"20?"

"Nope"

"Enough with the suspense already. Just tell me already?" Anastasia replied a little irritated.

"Blaze is six weeks old. She can already manifest her wings and can fly short distances. I believe she has deva potential. She is also my friend, so you better not have any weird plans for her" Ely explained concisely.

"Are you serious?" Anastasia asked contemplatively. She seemed to be reacting much more steadily than anyone else had.

"Yep. I won't be surprised if she catches up to me within a few years" Elyssa replied, and proceeded to tell her more about Blaze.

"hmmm" Anastasia looked at Blaze and studied him closely. She seemed to investigate his body just like Jie Er had done that one time.

"Her bone age does indicate her youth" she sighed after a moment.

"How did you come across such a freak?" she replied. "I mean that well" she added to Blaze before she continued. "I guess this is better than you telling me that your only friend is a child. I was beginning to think that there was something wrong with your social skills".

"Mum, can you be a little more serious?"

"What do you want me to do?"

"Mum! I was hoping you'd be a lot more proactive and try to find a way to keep Blaze hidden for some time. Why are you being so unconcerned?"

"What's the point of stressing out now, child. There is only so much we can do. I can keep her hidden, but it would only hinder her growth. She needs to face the world and its challenges to grow faster"

"Mum, I was hoping you'd help them more"

"Of course, I will, you silly girl. Let me contemplate on it over the weekend"

"Meanwhile, all of you should have some fun over the weekend" Anastasia said looking at everyone. "I hear there is the play 'Much Ado About Everything' showing at the theater. There is also a Flyball match on Surdas. Maybe you two would be interested in that."

"We were thinking of going to the auction today. It starts at three in the afternoon. I can show them around the town until then."

"Good! I hope you all have a great day. I will consider the matter further and we should discuss it more Miss Jie Er. Siv will show you to your rooms. Feel free to use all the facilities. Siv!" Anastasia (the duchess) said getting up from her chair.

"Siv, you can show Aunt Jie Er and Rebecca to their rooms. I was thinking of having Blaze in the room next to mine. Is it prepared?" Elyssa asked her when she showed up from the side room.

"It is my lady"

"Perfect. When do you guys want to go out? How about in half an hour?" Elyssa asked the others.

They agreed and dispersed into different corridors. Elyssa led Blaze through the central courtyard and then they took a spiral staircase to the second floor. They walked through another long corridor to the back of the chateaux. A large living room with couches, bookshelves and games was connected to three rooms.

"The previous duchess had three kids" Elyssa said pointing at the three rooms. "I picked the middle room when Mum moved in. I haven't really used it though" Elyssa said, leading Blaze into her room.

It was a spacious room with an intricately carved ebony bed at the center. It was covered with plush pillows and sheets and surrounded by lacy curtains. Massive paintings of landscapes covered three of the walls, and the fourth led to a wide circular balcony with a breathtaking view of the city and the surrounding hills.

A desk and chair were placed near the right window of the balcony, while a small tub/pool large enough for two or three angels was carved into the floor on the left. A couple of doors connected to the rooms on either side.

Blaze took the doors to the other rooms and checked them out. The room on the left was similar to Elyssa's, but the room on the right had no partition between the room and the balcony. The pool was also larger and had an uninhibited view.

Blaze instinctively picked the room on the right. Maybe he'd have a maid over for a bath. Besides, it had blue sheets. Blue wasn't his favorite color, but his masculinity had recently been taking heavy punches.

The two of them freshened up a little before they headed out. Jie Er and Rebecca met up with them at the receiving chamber and they all headed to the city on the pegasi carriage. The duchess had provided them with a driver for the day.

***

Elyssa showed them around the town for the rest of the morning. They stopped by an art gallery, which had a couple of beautiful landscapes by the famous painter Camille Corot, a local park known for its beautiful sculpted garden and a four-thousand-year-old ruins of a fortress.

They went back to the chateau for lunch and after a short nap they headed out again. Elyssa and Blaze split up with the other two at the auction hall. Jie Er wanted to go shopping and dragged Rebecca with her. She gave Blaze a couple of hundred Aur before they left.

Aur was the currency of the Heavenly Union. A single aur had the value of around ten dollars. There were also plats and fers. One plat was worth ten Aur and a hundred fers were worth one aur.

The auction hall was a colosseum like structure, with a central platform to conduct the auction. The carriage driver had used the duchess's influence to get the two of them a couple of front row seats in a private section. So, the two of them made their way to the front as a crowd started to pour in.

"'Lyssa!" they heard a shout as they made it to their little private section with four plush crimson seats.

Blaze noticed a flash of annoyance in Elyssa's face before she turned around with a stiff smile.

A young angel in an impractical outfit was making their way towards them. She was around their height and seemed to be a little younger than Elyssa. She was quite beautiful, with free hanging midnight blue hair that reached her elbows, lightly tanned skin, pouty pink lips and an angular jaw. And although she was the same height as them, she looked lean and tall. However, she had a ditzy look in her sparkling hazel eyes.

Her lower outfit comprised of knee length flowing veils of thin white cloth in the front and back, attached to a string around her hips. The top was a wraparound that seemed to be in constant danger of slipping off her breasts. It had frills covering her left breast and capered into a narrows strip that only hid her right areola. It was angled in a way that the frilly material on her left breast barely hung from her nipple. A crown of pink flowers adorned her hair.

"What are you doing here? I thought you were in Varan!" the angel said with an equally flighty voice and smile.

"What the hela are you wearing?"

"This is the latest fashion 'Lyssa. Giada's has put out a completely new selection. You should check it out. Who is this?"

"Sigh. Whatever. This is my friend Blaze. Blaze, this is Astrid. A distant cousin" Elyssa replied taking a seat in the middle.

"Hi" Blaze replied sitting beside her.

"Hey Blaze. What do you mean distant? We share a great great great grandmother." Astrid replied seating herself on Elyssa's other side.

"Didn't you come here with someone else?" Elyssa asked her.

"Yeah. My friends are over there. There a pretentious lot. I'd rather spend time with you" Astrid replied, pointing at a group of bombastic angels making their way to another private area.

"And I'd rather you spend time with them"

"Aww. Don't be like that 'Lyssa. It's been a while since we hung out. You finally have a friend too. Tell me about her"

"It's not been long enough" Elyssa replied.

"How old are you Blaze?" Astrid asked. The angels didn't seem to have any qualms about asking another's age. Or maybe it was just Astrid.

"20"

"That's awesome. 'Lyssa is sixty. I am forty and you are twenty. I can be the bridge between you two" Astrid replied randomly.

"You are more like a sore between us"

Blaze giggled. The two of them were so incongruous. He couldn't even figure out whether they were serious or if it was just banter.

"'Lyssa, did you know they are auctioning the dress Clara Perkins wore in the premiere of 'Came with the wind'? I wanna get it so bad"

"Of course"

Blaze quietly listened to their repartee as the auction house slowly filled in. Suddenly, Blaze spotted a trio of angels looking in their direction. They quickly averted their eyes, but Blaze had a feeling that they had been observing at them.

Two of them were older angels but one seemed to be around Astrid's age. The younger angel and the one that seemed like her mother had pitch black hair and quite good looking. The other angel's hair was also black but seemed to have a greenish tinge to it. Their attire seemed to be a little foreign and all three of them had a dot of different colors at the center of their forehead.

"Do you know who they are?" Blaze nudged at Elyssa. She looked at where Blaze was looking and spotted the source of Blaze's curiosity.

"They seem to be from Anyin. It's to the north west of Aranya. Why?" she replied.

"Do they have any reason to be looking at us?"

"ummm. I don't think so. They are a part of the heavenly union, but are kinda isolationist. Maybe they were just looking around. Your aunt's first name is an Anyin name. But I don't see how that would matter as you aren't related to her genetically"

"Maybe they..."

"DEAR ANGELS! Welcome to Kara's three hundred and thirty seventh annual auction of Cali. We have a splendid collection of items for auction tonight. I hope all of you have come with purses full to the brim" a gorgeously dressed angel shouted, stepping on to stage, diverting Blaze's attention away from the foreign angels. The entire auction house quietened down.

"Since we have a long list of items, I am just going to get started. Unearthed from the outskirts of Thule, the first for auction tonight is an ancient embossed pot. It is said that..." the angel proceeded to give a descriptive introduction to the item.

Soon, the auction was fully on its way. Blaze found it quite entertaining. Most of the items were interesting and the auction proceeded at a quick pace. The items ranged from antiques and weapons to foreign cloth and other doodads. Even the dress Astrid was talking about was auctioned. She was very excited when the dress came out and had competed in the auction until the price went past a thousand Aur. She said that she might have bought it if not for the fact that she couldn't wear it for another fifty or sixty years.

An hour and half in, an item which finally interested Elyssa appeared.

"Dear angels! The next item is a spear, personally crafted by the renowned Valinna Strom. At a hundred and twenty minas*, it needs strong arms to wield it. But don't be fooled by its weight. The staff of the spear is made from Qliphoth wood and is very flexible. The spear head is made from Stannium and is lined with Viridian. It is extremely hard and can conduct minor magic. The weapon is perfect for any spear wielder under the level of an archangel. The starting price is one thousand aur" the auctioneer said, bringing out a twelve-foot-long spear, placed on an ornate holder.

Mina was a unit of weight measurement. It was a little more than a pound from earth.

Elyssa immediately sat upright with interest.

"You use a spear?" Blaze asked her surprised. He did not think that she'd be interested in such a common weapon.

"Yeah!"

"I guess it makes sense. It can help you with your short reach" Blaze teased her.

"That it does. That's why I think you should learn how to use a club. It will be fitting, considering your brute strength"

"I do like whacking things"

"I like daggers. Gouging things is fun" Astrid interjected seriously. The other two looked at her baffled, unsure whether to take her seriously or not.
