 Author's Comments: Someone asked me for more action. I am going to try, but this isn't that kind of a story. Besides a couple of major battles, I've planned, there isn't going to be much action. Adventure yes, but not too many fights.

*

I've had a revelation while writing this story. I've always been squeamish about anal, but once I removed the disgust factor (Angels don't excrete) I seemed to have gained a new-found appreciation for it.

Sorry for the delayed chapter. It got sent back once. I am going through a bit of a writer's block. The next chapter might take a little longer too. I just need to give myself some time to refresh my creativity. I guess this is the best time to go back and edit those first chapters. I won't take too long though. I have the story in my head. It's just the words that aren't flowing at the moment.

Ahren: Ooh. Which society, exactly? :P

DrasticExplorer: I unintentionally, fulfilled your wish in this chapter.

ReaderReaderfic: Pet River otter? Did you play ARK by any chance? I will see what I can do about it. Not promising anything though.

Wankr65 and Anons: I am flattered by your words. I can't believe my writing can make you experience the world so vividly.

Anon: Unfurled wings sex? I do want to write that at some point, obviously. You just gotta wait :P.

Chapter 8

Blaze woke up the next morning in the naked embrace of Jie Er. His cheek was pressed against the softness her breast and she had her long leg draped over him. He could feel her slit along the top his thigh.

He lay in silent contemplation as he went over the previous night's incident. He had done it with her. There was no going back. He sighed as he tried to come to terms with himself.

It wasn't like she was his real mother and he had never looked at her that way. And as he recalled the look on her face, he was sure she felt more for him than just platonic love. But that could be from the lust she felt in the heat of the moment. However, he finally accepted that he was in a completely different world and relationships needed to be seen from a different lens.

Moreover, it seemed like she needed it to help recover her archangel wings, and that thought alone made things easier to digest.

He felt Jie Er stir above him.

"Mornin' Aunty" he said in a damp voice.

Jie Er eyes fluttered open as she returned him a sleepy smile.

"Morning little one" she said giving him a kiss on his forehead.

Blaze looked away from the gesture, feeling a little awry. Suddenly, everything that had happened the previous night rushed into Jie Er's head.

She looked down at Blaze's unsure and slightly sorrowful expression and immediately got on top of him. She straddled his thighs, held his face between her hands and kissed him.

There was nothing chaste about the kiss. Jie Er forced her tongue into his mouth and hungrily reached for his. Not being the one to be passive, Blaze engulfed her mouth with his own and wrestled against her tongue. His lingering inhibitions quietly vanished.

After a minute of kissing, Jie Er got up, leaving Blaze a little dazed. She moved up on his stomach and reached for his erect prick behind her. She caressed it gently for a moment before she raised her hips to line it with her vacant hole.

"Aunty..." Blaze muttered unsurely, as she brushed his tip along her slit.

"I want it Blaze Er. I also need to know if it will happen again" Jie Er replied ardently.

Blaze fell silent, and Jie Er pushed his tip in and sat down on it, piercing herself fully.

"Mmmh" she moaned, as she felt Blaze spread apart her walls.

She looked into his eyes, making her desire evident and leaving no room for any other feelings. Blaze's member elongated a bit more as he felt her pleasurable warmth engulfing his entirety.

Jie Er placed her hands on his chest and started slowly revolving her hips over him. Her dampness growing exponentially with each revolution.

Suddenly, she raised herself, retrieving the member out until the tip. She paused for a moment before she went back down with a thump.

Blaze grunted loudly, unable to control his voice.

Loving his reaction, Jie Er repeated and Blaze jutted his hips to meet her in midair. Her speed steadily increased and soon she was hopping over him as fast as she could.

"Aah Aah Aah" she cried as she arched her back and head in pleasure, rushing her fingers through her own hair.

Blaze watched her vigorously bouncing breasts for a moment before he reached for them and grasped them firmly. He squeezed and felt their squishiness before he started kneading on them, gently brushing her nipples with his thumbs.

Their minds did not cloud like the previous night but the pleasure they felt wasn't any less. Soon, Blaze felt himself reaching a tipping point as he looked at a blissful Jie Er who was writhing and hopping over him with abandon.

He held himself as he waited for her to come.

Finally, Jie Er let out a shrill shriek and fell on top of him, smothering him with her breasts as she started spasming over his body.

Blaze let go and sprayed himself into her.

He wrapped his arms around her smooth long back as he thrust his hips with each release. Jie Er held his head between her breasts and took in everything.

"I guess it doesn't work every time" Blaze muttered, as the pleasure slowly faded. He was a little disappointed. He wanted to heal her as quickly as he could.

Jie Er raised her breasts off his face and pondered for a moment.

"It isn't as much as last night. But I think I feel the healing effect of your essence. I doubt anything can cure my wings within a few days. We just have to be patient" she replied, refusing to get off his penis. His member, although now flaccid, was still firmly lodged inside her.

"I wonder why this didn't happen with Aunt Becky" Blaze pondered after a moment.

"Hmm. I am not sure. Maybe it's a type of healing energy? It may not have any effect if one isn't injured or ill in some way" Jie Er conjectured.

"Either way, it gives credence to my theory that your essence is in fact some form of energy"

"Blaze Er!" she suddenly exclaimed. "How do you feel? Are you depleted in anyway? I don't want to do this if it actually saps your energy or affects your growth" she said with concern.

"I don't think so... I don't feel any different" Blaze answered. The only thing he was depleted of was his ability to fuck for another twenty minutes or so.

"Good! But we should take thing slow for a couple of days and see if anything changes" Jie Er replied, finally getting off him.

Jie Er went to prepare breakfast, while Blaze went to play with Sky. His plumage had finally covered his entire body and he no longer looked like a shaved rat. In fact, his pale blue coat and bright peachy golden beak made him look pompous and elegant at the same time.

After making sure he had pooped in his pen, Blaze brought Sky in for breakfast. He had been trying to get him used to being around Jie Er. He couldn't take the bird with him to the academy and it was going to be troublesome if Sky did not completely accept Jie Er by then.

Sky waddled around Blaze's knees as he sat down at the kitchen table. He wasn't as wary around Jie Er as he had been when he first met her, but he still preferred to stick around Blaze. It was quite a hassle because despite his age, the bird was almost as big as a large dog.

However, besides the sprouting feathers, Blaze had not seen any significant growth since Sky's arrival. He had been a little concerned but Jie Er assured him that Quetzals lived almost as long as angels and also had different growth spurts than angels.

"Aunty?" Blaze asked as she heated up Sky's breakfast goo while their own breakfast cooked on the side.

"Yes?"

"Are your wings tainted? I just want to know. It won't change how I think of you" Blaze asked precisely. He had been preparing the question in his mind.

"Tainted?" Jie Er responded, turning towards him and giving him a glance. Her expression did not give away anything.

"You could say that I guess. But it's not what you think. This was done to me by someone. My decisions or thoughts had nothing to do with it" Jie Er explained.

"What? Who?" Blaze exclaimed, as anger automatically reeked into his voice.

"I will tell you someday, Blaze Er" Jie Er answered solemnly.

"Why, aunty? Is it because you think I am still young?" Blaze asked a little miffed.

"Not entirely, Blaze Er. Do you hear the anger in your voice? I can't let my suffering have a negative effect on you. I've already forgiven the people who have done this to me, and I need you to be able to do the same. You need to experience this world a little more to have the capacity to do so, I think. Please trust me" she replied with a tone of finality, as she transferred the goo into a beaker like container and approached the bird.

She tried to coo him over, but Sky just gave her a defiant look.

Jie Er tried to get closer but the bird scampered to Blaze and hugged his legs with his scruffy flappers.

"Come here you little brat" Jie Er muttered, grabbing his arm and pulling him towards her.

"Squue Squue" Sky protested, struggling wildly.

Jie Er grabbed his beak and unceremoniously opened it, before she started pouring the goo down his throat. He struggled for a moment until he felt the delicious goo fill his gizzard.

Jie Er grinned as she slowly came to the realization that she needed to be a little firmer with her kids.

An unsuspecting Blaze walked over to the stove to turn the eggs over.

***

Another week went by as Blaze and Jie Er tried to come to terms with their new-found intimacy. They took it slow for various reasons, but whenever they did it, they ended up feeling closer than ever before. Making them question their initial hesitation. Blaze slowly learned to accept and not think about the weirdness of the whole thing.

He also went over the books he had bought at the fair. He learned why flexibility was so important to angels. In aerial fights, flexibility trumped muscle strength. On ground, stronger muscles helped in pushing against the ground to create force. In midair however, force was generated more from momentum than thrust. Flexibility helped in creating momentum. If one could stretch their limbs as far apart as possible, one could create the extra angular momentum to hit harder. You only needed to imagine figure skaters and ballerinas to understand the concept.

So, it didn't take much for Jie Er to convince Blaze to learn some stretching exercises that weekend. On the morning of Loredas, Blaze joined Jie Er in the living room to practice stretching.

She was wearing v-string panties and a short half tank top, which seemed like dress code for stretching.

"Right, I guess you can just copy me" she told Blaze, as he gazed at her breasts that seemed to be spilling out of her top.

For the first fifteen minutes the two of them did some easy and familiar exercises on living room's carpet. It was quite innocent, despite Blaze staring at her ass whenever she turned the other way. However, Jie Er soon decided to switch gears.

"It's time for splits" she suddenly said with a grin. "It's important you learn them. Doing them in midair can drastically increase your momentum. It will not only increase the power of your kicks and swings, but will also help you with complex maneuvers"

Blaze nodded, feeling a little skeptical about her grin.

Jie Er smiled at him and stretched her long legs out on the carpet. She slowly shuffled down and as she moved downwards the narrow cloth of the v-string rode up her lower lips. Blaze watched in awe as he realized the reason behind that grin. Was he so obvious?

"What are you waiting for? Try it" Jie Er replied seriously, after she was all the way down with her groin touching the carpet.

"I don't think it will be that easy for me" Blaze murmured and tried to copy her.

It turned out that his angel body was surprisingly flexible. He was four or five inches above the ground before he felt the painful resistance of his inner thigh muscles.

"Good. Stay in that position for a bit" Jie Er told him as he balanced himself on his hands.

Blaze held himself for about thirty seconds before he fell back.

"I guess that's good enough for a first try" Jie Er said, not quite comforting him like she normally would.

"I can't be as flexible as you, aunty" he replied defensively, pointing at his groin.

"hmmmm" Jie Er considered his statement, seemingly for a little too long.

"Can you stand up for a moment?" she asked him innocently, and he complied.

Jie Er crawled up to him, and without any warning, pulled his shorts down.

"What are you doing?"

"I want to see why this would make it harder to stretch" Jie Er answered nonchalantly.

"Ugh. Don't tell me you are going to make me stretch with this hanging about" Blaze replied exasperatedly.

"Don't worry, I will hold it up" Jie Er replied, immediately cupping his balls with her slender fingers and gently bouncing them.

Blaze stared at her in amazement, even as his penis rose in her hand.

"What are you waiting for? Do the split" Jie Er urged him as she held his organ with both hands, while kneeling in front of him.

Blaze simply sighed and began his split.

"I don't see how this makes it harder for you to do a split" Jie Er commented as he slowly shuffled down.

"It gets in the way..." Blaze muttered.

"Well, I guess I just have to hold it when you do a split" Jie Er concluded.

Blaze sighed again. It wasn't like he did not like her touch.

Jie Er made him stay in the outstretched position for a minute before she let him go, gently caressing his member as he fell back.

They repeated a similar process with frontal splits. After the initial skepticism, Blaze felt that it was quite convenient for his junk to be held while doing a split.

"Lie on your back" Jie Er commanded, after the splits.

Blaze complied and laid supine on the mat. Jie Er held him under his knees and made him lift his legs vertically into the air.

"Now bring them down to the sides" Jie Er told his as she scooted to the front.

Blaze tried to stretch his legs but was soon stuck at around a one-fifty-degree angle. For some reason this split was harder than the other horizontal split.

Jie Er sat on her knees, placed her palms on his inner thighs and gently pushed his legs down pulling his muscles to their extremes. Blaze erect member lay on his stomach as his balls dangled between his thighs.

Suddenly, Jie Er leaned forward and planted a wet kiss on his member. Blaze's legs shot up in surprise, trapping Jie Er's head between his thighs.

"What are you doing?" Blaze exclaimed.

"I just thought of a good way to improve your stretching. It will be a good incentive" Jie Er grinned impishly, from between his thighs. And before Blaze could say anything, she picked his tip with her soft lips and took it in.

Blaze hissed as she caressed his tip with her tongue. He lowered his thighs and she put her hands against them, slowly pushing them down as she swallowed his length. Blaze watched in amazement.

When Jie Er felt the tightness in Blaze's muscles, she stopped pushing down and slowly but firmly dragged her lips up and along his length as she lessened the pressure on his thighs.

She paused at the tip and went back down, gently pushing his thighs further down. In the mounting pleasure, Blaze did not realize the pain he felt as his muscles stretched. Or maybe his muscles had loosened from the pleasure.

Jie Er repeated the process, bobbing her head up and down his length and slowly managed to bring his legs within a few inches off the ground.

"That should be enough for today" she said, suddenly pulling away from his prick and letting go of his legs.

"We shouldn't overstress your muscles. Don't worry, I will take care of your thing afterwards" Jie Er explained, noticing the dismay on his face.

"We are not done yet?" Blaze asked in exasperation. He was quite frustrated with the sudden end to the blowjob.

"No. Get on your hands and knees" Jie Er ordered him.

Blaze grumbled but obeyed

"Spread your legs a bit more and get on your elbows"

Without his shorts, Blaze felt very exposed in the new position.

"Now raise your head, bend your back and try to touch the ground with your stomach" Jie Er said, placing a hand on his back and pushing him down.

Blaze butt perked up and Jie Er reached for his member under him. She held him in place with her other hand as she gently stroked his hot member.

Blaze could not figure out if Jie Er was doing it on purpose, but he didn't complain. The whole experience was quite unique and frankly titillating.

"Ok, my turn" Jie Er said after putting him through a few more unique stretching positions.

'Muhahahaha' Blaze gave himself a mental laugh.

"Just put some weight on my back to help me stay in position" Jie Er said innocently, getting onto her elbows and knees.

Blaze immediately shuffled behind her thighs. He scooted up to her and placed his hands on her narrow waist. Jie Er's back arched as her legs spread apart and her pert butt pushed into his erect member. The single string did not offer much protection to her puckered hole.

As his prick pressed into the warmth of her butt crack, Blaze felt the heat rise in his body and his mouth became dry in anticipation.

Jie Er noticed the heat emanating from Blaze and her own mounting desire, but she did not take any action. She maintained her position without as much as wiggling her butt or giving any other indication that she was excited.

Blaze could only wait a few moments before he started brushing his prick against her. Jie Er smiled and pushed herself against him. The v-string was not much of an obstruction as Blaze felt the puckered folds of her anus and the growing dampness of her groin.

Blaze moved his hands to her butt as his movements became more fervid and obvious. Jie Er let him grind against her for a few moments before she moved out of his grasp.

"Time for the next exercise" she said, turning around on her butt. Her face was flush as she glanced at Blaze's pulsing member.

"What's next?" Blaze breathed heavily, trying not to look into her eyes.

"I need your help to get my legs behind my shoulders" Jie Er muttered softly.

Blaze's eyes widened, and he couldn't help looking her. She gave him a coy smile.

"How does that help in any way?" Blaze couldn't help but ask.

"It doesn't. It's just good for flexibility. I had given up on keeping myself in my best condition after seeing no signs of improvement in my wings. But now, I have hope" Jie Er replied, averting her eyes.

Blaze scoffed but nodded.

Jie Er lay on her back with her feet on the ground and knees in the air, as she waited for Blaze.

Blaze scooted towards her and she brought up her knees to her breasts, giving an unhindered view of her camel toe and her string covered anus. Blaze caressed her butt and thighs for a moment before he reached for her panties.

"What are you doing?" Jie Er asked him, as he slowly pulled them up, revealing her glazed slit.

"It might get in the way while stretching" Blaze replied wryly.

Jie Er nodded. She couldn't take the grin off her face. She put her legs up and Blaze pulled the panties off her as he stared at the pussy peeking at him from between her thighs.

Once the panties were off, Blaze spread her legs apart and pushed them down, widening the gap between her lower lips. Jie Er put her arms between her legs and Blaze helped her push them down and behind her shoulders.

Her legs went behind her almost too easily, making him wonder if she ever needed help. But that thought quickly disappeared from his mind as he stared at the view.
