 Author's Note: I apologize for the late chapter. It's been a busy time for both me and my editor. 

Chapter Edited by the extraordinary Alex Lawrence aka DankMemez. 

Looking for Editors: Dankmemez has been helping me edit since chapter 11. He has been massively instrumental in my improvement and has put his heart into editing my work. Unfortunately, he cannot continue any longer due to other responsibilities in his life. 

DrasticXplorer was co-editor of Chapter 14, but he was busy for the current chapter. I am hoping for volunteers in the likelihood that he is not available for the next as well. 

Lore: 

Tir's School year: Most academies in the Heavenly Union follow a quarter system. Four quarters with three breaks in between. Winter break (3 weeks), Spring break (2 weeks), and Summer break (3 weeks). Each quarter is ten weeks long. 

Note: The next three quarters will go by quickly and there maybe a couple of time jumps/skips. 

Virtues: The angel philosophers often argue about the list of virtues that are essential for a good angel. The list is sometimes divided into cardinal virtues and hinge virtues that hinge on the cardinal virtues. 

Cardinal Virtues: Wisdom, Justice, Temperance and Courage are often accepted to be the cardinal virtues. The Hashmallim insist that Love should also be included amongst them. 

A cardinal virtue isn't necessarily superior to other virtues. 

Hinge virtues: Mercy, Faith, Hope, & Charity. The Malakim think that faith, love and mercy combined give the highest virtuosity. 

Most societies in the HU were formed by the emphasis on a certain virtue by different groups of people. The Malakim first started out with faith as their primary virtue. But it slowly changed to include beauty and mercy. Their core current tenet is that inner beauty is reflected on the outside 

Blaze and Elyssa's Virtues: As some of you have noticed, Blaze and Elyssa are very similar in a lot of aspects. That's why they are such good friends. However, the virtues that differentiate them are– Elyssa has more temperance while Blaze has more valor. I will leave the readers to decide the others. 

Recap: Blaze, a 19-year old angel, hatches out of a large feathered egg on the continent of Azra-El. A kind and beautiful angel named Jie Er takes him in and Blaze begins his new life, slowly learning about his new powers and the new world he has appeared in. 

The continent is divided into two main races: the angels and the demons. Though Blaze's memories are human, the kindness of some of the angels around him starts to influence his thoughts. He wants to identify with his angelic side and is afraid of the possibility that there could be something demonic inside him, though his wayward feelings may merely be his humanity. 

During his adventures, he rescues a baby bird belonging to a species of gigantic bird that is usually considered to be demonic. However, the bird turns out to be an angelic version and different groups of angels are currently vying for it. 

The angel society is subdivided into nine societies/groups, structured around various virtues (refer to the lore). The Malakim are the main obstruction between Blaze and his bird, Sky. 

Special thanks to Mike Siegmund, Curtis, Bradley, Joshua, FlyPenguin, RandomTask, RogueXVII, Tristan, Vibrant, Tllxman, Wootdiew00p, The Glimmering Warlock, Benno Lorenz, Marcel Hearns, Michael Wall and John Weikel for supporting my work. 

"Justice is the first virtue of society; for virtues without justice are either weak or amount to sin." – Karalyn Forseti, Prima Justiciar of the Seraphim. 

Chapter 15 

"Ms. Blaze! You were supposed to be here an hour ago," Clio complained as Blaze swooped down into an empty clearing in the Bloomsder woods of Tir Academy. Astrid had set up their meeting for midnight, and neither angel had been sure if the other would make it. 

"Sorry. I had to make sure that Claudis was tired enough and asleep before I tried to sneak away. She is my Pegasi instructor and I've been staying with her over the past couple of days," he said. 

Clio blinked in confusion before she set her hands on her hips. "Geez. How many angels do you have under your charm?" she spoke, wryly shaking her head. 

"It's not a charm!" 

"Could've fooled me." 

"You're not charmed, are you?" he grumbled. 

"Well, I did drop all my affairs just to fly all the way from Sekat, sneaked into Tir, and waited an hour in the dark without having any clue about why I am here," Clio ranted, pursing her heavy lips. 

"Yeah yeah. I am sure it had nothing to do with being the first one to get a scoop," he quipped sarcastically. 

"So, what's this about?" she sighed. 

Blaze took in a deep breath before speaking, "I have a quetzal." 

"Right. And I'm the daughter of Hela," she said, rolling her eyes. But she looked at him again and his seriousness made her stiffen. "You're a demon!" she cried, pulling out a short silvery sword. 

Blaze instinctively took a step back. 

"Back, you demon! Back! I will not let your devilish charm trick me anymore!" she screeched at him, wildly flourishing the sword around. One look at her form confirmed that she wasn't any good it. 

At least she is good with other tools, he thought before speaking. "Will you quit that! Listen to what people have to say before you draw hasty conclusions. Maybe-" Blaze started, but a flutter of wings stopped him in mid-sentence. 

Blaze had made Sky wait within the confines of the trees, but it seemed like the bird had enough of waiting. 

Sky's wings shone under the moonlight as he landed on Blaze's shoulder and flapped them to steady himself. Blaze had to lean his head to the side to make room for the hefty bird, who had grown plumper over the past couple of weeks. 

Clio gaped at the quetzal unblinkingly. "It's an angel quetzal!" she gasped after a second. Even under the moonlight, one could easily make out the color of his feathers. 

"Yup!" Blaze smiled, scratching Sky's wing as he twittered and cuddled against the side of his head. The bird's feathers brought warmth in the cold winter night. 

"You've had it for a while?" Clio asked, unable to believe her eyes. 

"Yes. He's been living at my home, hidden. But things have changed, and I need your help with something." 

Clio nodded dumbly, reaching a hand to touch Sky's parrot like beak and see if he was real. Sky snapped at Clio, making her squeak and pull her hand away. 

"He is still a quetzal," Blaze cautioned, lightly pulling on Sky's wing as the bird growled at the reporter in warning. 

"What do you need from me?" Clio asked, trying to compose herself. She straightened her back, pushed a lock of her yellow hair behind her ear, and pulled out her notebook and quillpen. "No, tell me the whole story, first." 

Blaze quickly gave her an account of Sky's tale and what he needed from Clio. His hope was for the reporter to write a story that could move the people of Aranya in his favor. 

"You want me to write against the Malakim, in your support?" Clio exclaimed with wide eyes. 

"Yes, but you don't have to do it explicitly," he replied, noticing the hesitation in her eyes. Stepping up to her, he took her hands in his. "I raised him, Clio. I can't lose him or give him away," he told her passionately. "Maybe, if I thought it was the best for him. But I know it is not. I don't need or want you to lie for me, Clio. Just make sure it is touching. 

"You're Aranyan. Do you want the Malakim to claim our quetzal and give him away to the Holy Caledonian Empire!" 

Clio bit her lip and nervously looked into his eyes. He could tell she was afraid as her eyes darted about. 

She watched the bird as he eyed her back in return. "Does Countess Astrid know about this?" she asked, slowly coming to a decision. 

"She knows about Sky, but I haven't told her about my plan," he replied honestly. He understood why Clio would ask such a question. The only reason he hadn't discussed it with Astrid was because he hadn't had the time. Clio didn't need to know that. 

"Good. I suggest you keep this between us until my words get published. The Aranyan weekly doesn't print until the weekend, but I have access to the daily bulletin. I will try to get something printed by tomorrow or the day after," she told him firmly. "When do you think the meeting will occur?" 

Relief flooded Blaze, and his attention finally turned to how close he was standing to the reporter. He was so close that he could clearly make out the pattern of the light brown freckles on her pale white face and neck. 

"Headmistress Fiora tried to hold it tomorrow, but it looks like that won't happen. The Caledonian empire is insisting that it be held on Xihedie (Friday). I think that's actually good for what we are planning," he said, trying to push down his arousal. It just didn't feel right at that moment. 

Clio noticed the fire in his eyes and blushed. "Okay. I should hurry back then. I will barely have enough time to get back and finish the story," she said, stepping back and averting her gaze. 

"Thank you! Elyssa has a carriage waiting for you at the Wind Chime tavern. Please take it for your ride back," he said, finally letting go of her thin warm hands. 

"Will do. I will come back for more details and a picture of the quetzal. You owe me those," she said, turning around and quickly manifesting a pair of lavender pink wings. "umm... Blaze?" she said with a hesitant pause. 

"Yes?" he asked, as something lurched in his shorts. 

"Good luck," she said after a brief pause, and took off into the skies. 

oOo 

Alice appeared during his History class the next afternoon. Fiora had asked for his presence, and the two quickly flew to the registrar's office. 

Blaze found the headmistress behind her desk and staring at a piece of paper. When he approached, she silently handed it to him with a gaze that made her seriousness evident. 

The paper was a single page bulletin, published by the same publishing house as the Aranyan Weekly. Clio's article made the first headline. 

Aranya houses the first angel Quetzal, but maybe not for long. 

The Blazing Fury may need a new title. A few months before attending Tir, Blaze Er Lokra saved a little hatchling from the jaws of an adult Xenodon. Compassion let the Fury risk her life for another creature. Some may call it the foolhardiness of youth, but I prefer to call it valor. 

By the will of the world goddess, that little bird is the Heavenly Union's first angelic quetzal! Wings as blue as the clear skies and under feathers as white as the cumulus clouds. 

The quetzal is still a fledgling, but one can already imagine its future majesty: the wings of Sky casting a shadow on the demons as it soars over the battlesky. And, on its back will be our Righteous Fury, his wings and hair like a blazing fire. Which demon will be bold enough to stray into their path? 

I cannot wait for the day to see these two friends lead our country to greatness and prosperity. This is a dream that cannot just be mine. It should be the dream of all Aranyans. But it may not come to fruition. 

The Malakim have begun to make claims for the bird, and if they win, the quetzal will surely go to the Caledonian Empire. The truth is that the empire and its candidates may currently appear to be more appropriate for raising the quetzal. But Blaze is only twenty. Can these angels match her when she is the same age as them? 

Do we want to give away our rights of the quetzal, merely over the arbitrary claims of the Caledonian empire? Are we so weak that we cannot retain what's rightfully ours? The Blazing fury and the quetzal are ours and I believe we need to strongly protest against anyone trying to take our Sky away from us. Will we not defend our own? 

The Blazing Fury of the Sky belongs to Aranya. 

–- Clio Elen Mousa, Reporter of the Aranyan Weekly. 

"I suppose this is your work?" Fiora asked impassively, once he finished reading the article. Clio had once again exceeded his expectations with her writing. Though it was a little theatrical, it was very appropriate for what he wanted. 

"Yes," he answered curtly, not bothering to deny it. 

"Why didn't you discuss it with me?" 

"Would you have allowed it if I had?" 

"No." 

"Exactly!" 

Fiora sighed. "Do you realize the spot you put me in, Blaze? This happened on my campus. If I claim that I allowed for this to happen, it would imply that I am blatantly working against the Malakim; something that is not fitting for someone in my position. If I don't, then the onus will be on you." 

Blaze's eyes widened in realization. In his anxiousness to do something, Fiora's position had not even crossed his mind. Even Elyssa had not thought of it or if she had, she had failed to mention it. 

"I am sorry, Min Fiora. But I don't think I would've done any differently. I refuse to hand over Sky. If I have to, I will take him and go into hiding," Blaze said emphatically. 

Fiora sighed again. "Still, you should've sought my advice. The meeting was intended to be held discreetly. This article has completely upset our method of approach." 

"What difference does it even make?" 

"If you hadn't made this public, it would've given us room to postpone the decision if things didn't go our way during the meeting," she said, rapidly tapping a finger on her table. "It could've given us room to gather allies and organize support. Now the Malakim will force a decision before public opinion works against them." 

Blaze nodded but his expression remained unapologetic. He still felt that what he had done was right. "What do you intend to do now?" he asked after a moment. 

"I am not sure. I could try and convince the Malakim that this article is all Ms. Clio's doing? It's pretty thin, but it may at least divert them away from you. Despite all their talk about mercy, the Malakim are a vengeful lot, Blaze," Fiora answered grimly. 

"No!" Blaze said immediately. "This was my idea. Though I am sure Clio was aware of the risks she was taking, I will not let her take blame for my decisions," he replied resolutely. 

Fiora studied his face for a moment, before a slight smile sprouted on her red lips. "I guess valor has always been one of your stronger virtues, Ms. Blaze," she exhaled. 

"Does that mean you're giving me away to the Erelim?" he joked. If lust was his sin, courage was his virtue. But he didn't value it as much as some of the other virtues. He'd rather be known for his intellect and prowess. 

"I never said that you were not intelligent. We just have to ingrain some wisdom in there. You have time." 

Blaze couldn't disagree. How could he compete with the wisdom of an angel hundreds of years older than him? 

"Well, that's all I wanted to discuss. You're free to go," she said, waving her hand at him. "Please tell me if you have anything else planned," she added after a pause. 

A flash of disappointment crossed his eyes. He had been hoping for something more when he came to meet Fiora. He loved the look of seriousness in Fiora's eyes and she was currently very serious. 

However, he didn't push his luck. "No, I have nothing else planned," he reassured her. "Thank you and I am sorry, Min Fiora. I will tell you if I have any more bright ideas." 

Fiora resisted her instinct to smile at his cheekiness. She knew that if she did, she would soon find herself under him, and she did not want to reward him for doing something impulsive. She simply nodded and pretended to go back to reading some papers. 

Blaze gave out a sigh of dissatisfaction and took his leave, imagining taking her from behind and her breasts swaying with each thrust while Alice watched through the door. 

oOo 

A tense atmosphere prevailed in the school over the next couple of days. News about Blaze, Sky and the upcoming meeting spread through the campus like wildfire. 

Claudis's home was often swarmed in the evenings by students hoping to catch a glimpse of Sky. But the veteran knight managed to keep the quetzal away from the students. 

Blaze suddenly found himself a lot more supporters. No matter what the students or the Malakim thought of him, most seemed to side with him. Before, he was only a strong angel who had sided with a pixie. Now, he was a potential quetzal rider of Aranya, and the students of Tir were mostly Aranyan. 

After lunch on Hadie (Friday), Siofra and his classmates saw Blaze off as he flew towards the Registrar's office with Elyssa. 

"Don't worry, mom is going to be there. She will take your side no matter what," Elyssa told him. 

"Aunty Lynn? What's she doing here?" he asked in surprise. He had expected Anastasia instead of the general. 

"She is here to represent the Erelim, but as I said, she is on your side." 

Blaze nodded grimly. He wished he also had Jie Er or Rebecca with him, but Fiora and the duchess had deemed it inappropriate to have their presence. 

Alice received them at the entrance of the building and after giving him a few words of advice, she led him to the meeting room on the first floor. 

The closed wooden door to the meeting room seemed daunting as Blaze paused outside it. He glanced at Elyssa and gave her a nervous smile. She nodded at him encouragingly. 

Taking in a deep breath, Blaze pushed open the door and walked in. Elyssa and Alice chose to stay out. 

Squaawk! Sky cried and jumped out of Claudis's hands to fly into his arms. Claudis had brought the bird to present it to the delegates. The bird clung to his shirt and wrapped his wings around him. He seemed to sense something was off about everything. 

Blaze cooed and brushed his feathers before turning to look around. Fiora sat at the lead chair of a large mahogany table, seating ten grandly dressed angels. Two plaques labelled Tir and Ophanim lay in front of her. 

Blaze felt their gazes on him as he looked around. He recognized most of the angels from the meeting at Sekat, but one angel immediately drew his attention. 

Cardinal Amanah Tudor of the Malakim sat at the far end of the table and was staring down at him with her fake and venomous smile. 

The angels around the table seemed to represent each one of the nine societies. However, there was an odd one out among the group. Sitting on the right side of the table was the Xianese nobility Blaze had run across at Cali and Saket. 

The plaque in front of her pronounced her to be Princess Ying Yue Shangdi of the Xian. 

She was a tall and lean angel with smooth jade like white skin. Enshrining her head was a golden oriental crown with golden tassels hanging over her forehead like a veil. Pitch black hair flowed down her back like a mantle over a red cheongsam. If not for the cardinal, she would've been the most eye-catching angel in the room. 

Ely's guess was right, Blaze thought as he caught the attention of her beautiful black round eyes. Her peachy plump lips narrowed into a curious smile 

To the left of Fiora sat a strong and sinewy angel with amber hair that shimmered under the room's lights. A thin scar ran from her eyebrow to the cheekbone. Her expression was controlled and serious, but the way she carried herself and the little smile she sprouted when she saw him, gave Blaze a sense of comfort. 

"Let me have the first words," General Lynn Sturm spoke, her words rolling of her mouth like thunder - clear and powerful. "I am here to represent the Erelim. As the society that prides itself in forming the first line of defense against the demons, and the ones with the largest membership in the armed forces, we naturally have the strongest claim towards the quetzal. 
