 My country was finally in a time of peace and tranquility. At just twenty years of age I had already named me as my father's most trusted advisor due my role in the Autumn-time War. This role spared me from an arranged marriage to a Prince in another kingdom; I was far more useful in the Throne room advising the King.

Farmers who had taken up arms returned to their fields, just in time for the harvest, embraced joyfully by their kin. My father, King of Brighttham, suggested a small but adequate banquet to celebrate our victory. He trusted me to see to all the arrangements.

I set out upon my gray mare, nailing invitations to the public boards in every town, my nights of rest spent with the good folk who ran the towns' inns. Our nation was a prosperous one. Our land couldn't be any more fertile, and our seas were filled with fish. Brighttham's deep mines were heavy with silver, even after we lined the pockets of the warriors we hired to defeat the pirates of the Pelgpugh Isles, who had invaded our peaceful land. The merry people of Brighttham welcomed me, and the maidens offered me lovely gifts from the Earth, weaving crowns of late-Summer flowers into my long red hair.

My father welcomed my return, weeks later, with only a quick embrace. "You're just in time, my girl. Lord Nikandros will be leaving at first light with his company. He was...somewhat distraught at not saying a proper farewell to you. I had hoped he would stay longer..."

"Thank you, Father. We have build a solid relationship with them during the Autumn War. They served us well, and we have rewarded them in turn with silver. I will properly say goodbye to our allies."

"You are a good diplomat, daughter. You will serve your brother well when he takes the throne. Speaking of which, where IS that boy? Never to be seen, I'll have to send someone to go looking for him."

"I'll have a page summon him to your chambers, Father. Get some rest, and I'll be certain to see Lord Nikandros before he takes his leave."

Lord Nikandros turned in his sleep, his eyes opening at widening at the sight of me sitting on the edge of his bed. He quickly realized I had picked the lock to his bedchambers and snuck in. Shaking his head in amusement, he sat up, nothing but a teal silk-spun sheet covering his lap and legs. He was five years older than I, handsome with dark hair and sparkling, playful blue eyes.

"Princess Ivy. What do I owe the pleasure of your late night visit to my private quarters?"

"I've been informed of your planned leave, Lord Nikandros. I won't hear of it. I wish for you to stay longer, as does the King. At the banquet, I will be announcing your position as the Knight Commander of Brighttham. My father won't deny that request, and there's enough silver in the mines to pay you and your company ten lifetimes over for your services."

"Your father may not deny you, My Lady. But your brother will become King one day, and you will be a powerful woman and his advisor, I imagine, as you are to your father. However, I could quickly become a concern...or a threat...to your brother. How would it look if you were whispering in his ear, and I was standing close by, whispering into yours?"

"You think I don't have in mind my brother is the eldest and he will take the throne? I have my own supporters - far more than Orson ever will. He'll always be timid; he has neither the head or stomach for battle. Stay, My Lord. No one needs to know any details other than you're the Lord Knight of Brighttham."

"You're a true blooded Lockridge. Stubborn as a stone wall, just like your father before you. Yet your brother has none of it, he sits upon a tufted purple cushion seat and yawns all day, or hides himself in the shadows, hoping to go through life unseen. But your amber eyes, I see how they burn, My Lady. What do you truly want?"

"You know what I want, my Lord," I said, impatiently, through bared teeth. He drove me mad at times. I couldn't help but look at him, and feel a deep longing to have him deep inside me.

"Show me, sweet Princess," Nikandros said, his normally deep voice taking a surprisingly gentle tone.

I began to unbutton the bodice of my dress, and Nikandros reached forward to touch me. I stopped him with my slender leg, covered in a soft white thigh-high lace stocking. "No. You may touch me HERE."

"As my lady commands," Lord Nikandros said, his finger tips gently rubbing along my thigh, down toward my ankles and toes. He kissed and massaged my legs, while stripping off my stockings.

I had removed my dress, and scooped up one of the stockings that fell to the side. "Lay back, Lord Nikandros. NOW." I reached for his wrists as he obeyed my command, binding his hands tightly together.

I mounted heard him breathe in deeply in anticipation. I had no plans to be gentle with the Knight Commander. I was going to ride his face, HARD, and he was going to take it. 

I wrapped my hands around the wooden bed frame and began rocking on his tongue, feeling him eagerly slide all over my tender core as if he was tasting such a delicacy for the very first time. I started grinding upon his tongue, fucking myself on his face as he sped up his movements. I moaned as I came, gently falling onto the bed next to him, panting after my intense orgasm.

"Princess Ivy," Nikandros begged, "untie me. I wish to touch you."

"Oh, shut up," I said. "I'll TELL YOU when you're allowed to touch me." I found my soft pink lace panties on his bed, and shoved them into his mouth. 

He was hard as a polished stone. I licked and kissed every single inch of his cock for lubrication before I mounted myself on top of him. I untied him, but refused to let him take out the gag. I liked the way he looked with my panties shoved down his throat. 

He came at me like a madman, furiously squeezing my tits and hard pink nipples. I slapped his face, playfully, but it only made him squeeze and twist my bare, delicate flesh even harder. I started bouncing up and down on his cock, and he leaned back, his groaning distinct, yet muffled from the gag. I heard music playing at a distance - morning bells were chiming and the castle harpist had woken to practice her craft - first light was almost upon us.

"Shove your fingers up my ass," I commanded him. "ALL THE WAY IN." He did so, and I moaned his name, throwing my head back, as he thrusted his entire hand into my tight little pink hole, his long fingers curled, while we vigorously copulated to the sounds of the music playing below. 

He jolted suddenly as he came. I very slowly slid off him, his thick cream spilling all over his legs. I settled into his lap and licked him clean, even taking care to swallow what was on his sheets. He stroked my hair, encouraging my passion for the taste of our sex, the spoils and the victory.

"And will you stay, strong Knight?" I grinned playfully at him, removing his gag. "Do you believe you and all you have to offer are truly welcomed and wanted in our kingdom?"

He took me into his arms, raining kisses upon my neck and mouth. "I'll stay until the banquet at the least - perhaps longer, my Lady, if you keep convincing me."

Those were bold words - the words of a true Knight. If it was a challenge Lord Nikandros was seeking, then so be it. I, Princess Ivy Lockridge of Brighttham, would get what I wanted at any cost. I embraced him back, smiling slyly.