 Author's Note: Sorry guys, I've been sick for two weeks. Food Poisoning turned into a stomach infection which caused excruciating stomach spasms every ten minutes and lasted for 3 days. 'Twas hell. I think I got a glimpse of how it is to be pregnant. Guess its punishment for messing around with angels? Lol.

However, this chapter is extra long so that should make up for the delay.

PS: Have I managed to retain any female readers? I highly doubt it, but if you are out there, I'd like to know why and what makes you want to read this male fantasy. :P

Special Thanks to VibranDragon: For being my very first patron. Azra-El shall remember you. :P

Opinion Poll: What do you guys think of the school part of the story? I initially intended it to be brief (not more than a three chapters). I feel like it's gonna be longer and I could explore a little more. Give me your answers in the poll I will post in the comments section.

Obligatory Warnings:1. I've imagined the world in such a way that I consider all angels under forty to be underage. So, there will be no explicit scenes with angels under that age. There will be no concessions. Blaze is an exception as he is an adult from Earth and looks like one by earthen standards.

2. This chapter is long and has some important scenes, so if you're interested in the story pay attention. You don't have to read it all at once :P. There are two sex scenes.

3.Have some of you missed chapter 8? It has only 2.4k views when compared to the 3.6k views of chapter 9. It makes no sense.

Response to Comments

DankMemez: Your memes maybe dank, but your synopsis isn't. I am going to adopt it with minor changes. THANK YOU!

Finbar: I've been reading your emails. Thank you for your ideas and lack of complaints :P. Since you finally have an account on literotica, you should share your thoughts in the comments. The reason why I don't have Blaze describing weapons on Earth is because I find it highly unlikely that anyone can randomly talk about a computer and poof it is created. He may still find someone he can share his thoughts in the future (Blaze is intelligent after all). As a Physicist/Engineer, I understand the complexity of creating a machine. I can write complex equations in Quantum Mechanics and think about higher dimensions and solve many body problems in astrophysics, but I don't know the first thing about making a coffee maker (let alone a computer or a ballistic missile). You get my drift. Read my Q & A at the end of the chapter.

Master13: Regarding the improvement in the details -- I've only read one erotica and that was a long while back. I was never sure how much detail is good for the sex scenes, and I guess I am slowly improving.

RanceSama: I like your analysis. Although I didn't get your references (don't watch anime these days), I can tell you this. Your analysis is right on some things, but it isn't entirely accurate. Firstly, as you guessed, there is more going on than what meets the eye. But I intend Blaze to be chaotic good (if we must have such alignments). Second, I don't intend on giving the world any game like characteristics. So, there will be no stats (sorry), & any form of evolution will seem natural (nothing like Pokemon). Third, Blaze will have more wings in the future (archangels have four, deities have six). Finally, Kouhai/Senpai -- you are free to imagine :P. However, he is not really the oldest in his year. He is around the same age as if you count his years on earth. Much younger, if you only consider his time on Azra-El.

Ahren: The reason I don't want the demons to look too dissimilar is because I want to portray the idea that people can discriminate for any damned reason (think of the caste system, Protestants vs Catholics, the witch hunts and so on). Demons will be physically similar to the angels, except for their wings. Some will have horns and tails but those will be unique to archdemons and devils. Empress Hela (the only Asura level demon) will be awesome. You will have to wait for it :P.

Anon1: Fiora is around Ely's mom's age. Claudis is a little younger but should fall in the same category. So yeah, Blaze sees no age barrier below 300 years old. Anything older is entering granny territory. Lol.

Anon2: There will be Valkyries (duh! The name is so cool), but I was thinking that they will be an elite group in the Heavenly Union's armed forces. The god of war ones look evil :P. I promise to consider the idea, though.

Wankr & Anon: Rest your anxiety, mate. I intend to finish at least one book and it will be a standalone by itself.

XavierJohn: I hope you like the fight scenes in this chapter.

Kyotie: There will be no senseless violence. There will be fights and a final war of sorts and any violence will be story appropriate. No random and gory killing sprees. However, I want the story to be realistic, so there may be character deaths (may*).

ReaderReaderFic: In case you missed my reply. Your message is totally relevant :P.

Now, I have to introduce a river otter in the story. What do you want me to name her? Haha. I must've died hundreds of times playing that game. But that's what makes it fun. It's so hardcore. It's so addictive. I want a picture of you riding a T-Rex with an otter around your shoulder. You should get a male otter, name him Blaze, and make some babies :P.

Thank you all for your comments and support. I need both 😊.

Flyball: I've described it before but here is the gist and some details not mentioned in the chapters. (in case you're interested)

Think of a cross between baseball and cricket. There is a circular field with two eighteen-inch diameter poles in the middle, separated by eighty feet (this distance can be lowered when the game is played by younger angels).

The batter bats at one pole and the pitcher throws from the other. The ball can be hit in any direction and runs are made by running/flying between the poles while the ball is in play.

A player can be caught out, run out or 'poled'. Poled is when the ball hits the batting side pole between a five-foot marked region. This region is marked at a height of fifty feet when the game is played by flying angels.

Slam: When the ball soars out of the field. The field in a professional match is six hundred feet in diameter. A slam nets you eight runs.

Ground Slam: The ball bounces its way out of the field. Nets you four runs.

Round: A set of ten throws by a pitcher. The pitcher must switch after each round but can pitch again in alternate rounds. A professional match is thirty rounds per inning.

OverPitch: When the pitch is too high, too low or too wide. Nets the batting team an extra run.

Note: World energy can't be used while playing the game.

Character Descriptions: Someone mentioned that they find it hard to remember how some of the characters looked. Thus, this section will be available every alternate chapter. These are only short intros and not full character descriptions.

Prominent Characters:

Blaze Er Lokra: A nineteen-year-old from earth who finds himself in the land of angels, after hatching out of an egg. He was close to twenty, before he was sent to Azra-El.

He has green eyes and whitish red hair. He is leaner than when he was on earth, but he is still physically as strong as a fully-grown angel. He is currently 5'7 (67 inches).

He is also quite smart and intelligent and has amazing aptitude toward energy manipulation and martial skills. His only weaknesses are a lack of sense of direction and his over confidence in himself. He is also a bit reckless.

Jie Er Lokra: She is the first angel Blaze comes across when he hatches out of his egg. She is beautiful, tall and lean with an hourglass figure, long slender limbs and fingers. Her thigh length hair is whitish blonde in color, the same as her wings. She has large round blue eyes, slanted eyebrows, plump pink limps and an oval elven face. She is 166 years old and 7 feet tall. (Chapter 1 for more)

Blaze thinks quite highly of her and feels that she is an angel both in name and character. It is revealed in Chapter 7 that Jie Er is an archangel who can't display her full power because of corrupted wings. There is a lot more to her than meets the eye.

Rebecca Flynn: She is a lieutenant in the Black Thorn regiment of the army. She is strong for her age and Jie Er thinks that she has the potential to become an archangel very soon.

She is as beautiful as she is feisty. Her skin is smooth and white with a pinkish tinge. Her long waist length hair is a reddish pink and thick locks of hair sprawl around her face, looking as unruly as she is. Her bangs are parted at the center and flow down to her cheeks. She has dark eye-lined almond eyes which are a pinkish red, with long mascaraed eyelashes. Her brows are thick near her nose but are long and arch their way up into a thin line.

She has a pretty & slightly upturned nose. Her pink glossy lips are plump and have a natural pucker to them. Her face is angular, and her chin is small but rounded. A dark red rose is always painted at the center of her forehead.

She is 134 years old and is 6'10. However, she usually wears 6-inch pumps which make her appears taller than she is.

Blaze treats her both as an adoptive aunt and a friend.

Elyssa Marigold: Blaze's first real friend in AzraEl. He met her at Varan's library. She is from a noble family and despite their rough start Blaze and Ely have become the best of the friends.

When Blaze first saw her, he fell in a daze because of her surreal beauty. She has an oval face with gentle curves and a sharp chin. Slightly downturned large aquamarine eyes with long fluttering lashes, adorned by thin gently rising eyebrows.

She has a soft graceful nose & her reddish pink cupid's bow lips are full and luscious. Her long, thick and smooth golden blonde hair is parted in the middle, and then braided into a thick long tail that hangs below her waist. She also has long bangs that are usually swept behind her ears.

Ely is 61 years old and is 5'6. She is somewhat short for her age, but she claims that she hasn't had her growth spurt yet.

Ely is a genius and is considered to be the angel with the most potential in her century. She is the quiet sort and doesn't have too many friends. Most likely because she never had anyone to relate to.

Sky: The baby Quetzal that Blaze has adopted from Momo the carnike, who tried to save the baby from a Xenodon.

Quetzal's are natives of the Infernal desert, deep within the territory of the Hela Empire. They are ferocious creatures that can grow up to a height of 15-18 feet and can live past 400 years. The larger and older Quetzals are strong enough to kill an archangel.

Sky looks like a large baby parrot with a peach colored beak. She has started to grow pale blue/cyan plumage, which is strange because Quetzals usually have darker wings.

Students:

Class 1A

Aahna Maitreya: A cheerful, talkative and overly enthusiastic girl, who became the de facto class representative if Class 1A. She is a cute violet haired girl with a round face and large pale blue eyes that contrast against her pale brown skin. She has loose shoulder length hair and is around 5'2.

Bi Tru'ng: A lanky black-haired unassuming girl with almond shaped dark brown eyes and a shy countenance. Her hair is long at the back with short even bangs covering her forehead. She usually tags along with Aahna. She is 5'6.

Rachel Arianrhod: She is a confident & combative kid with boyish short pink hair. Her bangs are parted in the middle and swept behind her ears, with a thick lock of hair hanging to the side. Her mother is a knight captain in the cloud nine regiment and thus she seems to know her way around Pegasi. She is as tall as Blaze. She doesn't like Pixies.

Nina: A blonde ponytailed angel who is good at sports. She is a decent pitcher in Flyball and is quite good at Troisnet.

Kida: A cute Japanese looking black haired girl who is a good batter in Flyball.

Class 4A

Siofra Eoiwagn: Blaze met her at the principal's office during their first day of school. She is twenty-nine years old but at 5'2, she is small for her age. She has long bushy orange hair, large round upturned orange eyes with orange mascara, an angular jaw with a small rounded chin, full pouty pink lips, and a sharp slightly turned up nose. She is cute but has a piercing gaze with a hint of broodiness.

Priscilla Ainsworth: Blaze met her initially at Varan's fair. She was representing Tir academy, along with her teacher Uriel.

She is a brunette with long hair held in two ostentatious pigtails. She is quite beautiful with brilliant blue eyes, long lashes, a perfect nose and pouty red lips. However, her beauty is too perfect and seems made up. Her wings her beautiful, white and radiant.

Nara: A burly blonde lackey of Priscilla. She is a little under 6 feet tall and has pale apricot wings.

Faculty:

Fiora d'Aragon: She has been the headmistress of Tir Academy for the past fifty years and is around Anastasia Marigold's age (~250). She taught Anatomy before becoming the headmistress. She is a tall lean woman with long crimson hair that is usually wrapped around her head in a bun. She portrays herself as being stern and stoic, but her innate kindness often seeps through the façade. She has green slanted eyes, thin eyebrows with an angular arch, a slightly hooked nose, and high cheekbones. She often wears a pair of narrow black rimmed glasses.

Seshat Amun: The exotic looking History teacher at Tir. She is a brilliant teacher and makes learning fun and enthralling. She has a sweet crystalline voice that adds to the charm of her lessons.

She is an exorbitantly curvy angel with honey colored skin and sleek midnight black hair that's parted in the middle and flows down her narrow waist to her wide hips. She has dark green eyes with long heavy lashes, adorned by pitch black mascara. She has a perfect Greek nose and plump auburn bow shaped limps.

She wears skimpy exotic clothing adorned by jewelry. She buxom pear-shaped breasts that usually hang freely under her tops. She has wide hips, a pert mountainous butt, thin arms and lustful legs.

She is 6'8 and is around Jie Er's age.

Claudis Falhoffnir & Gyllir: She teaches the Pegasi Flying class and is in charge of the Aviary/Stables. She is a sinewy but big boned angel, who exudes strength and an air of authority.

She has short white hair in a boy cut, with a longer lock of left hanging bangs. She has strong angular features and piercing grey eyes. Her lips are painted crimson and her brows are dark and thin with an angular arch in the middle. She has strong muscular legs with wide hips and a slim waist.

She has a deep connection with her Pegasus, Gyrill, who seems to know her command without any explicit instruction.

Gyrill is a large magnificent white and brown Pegasus with white beautiful wings. She is more than 8 feet tall.

Clarification: Claudis is not fat or butch, just big boned. Imagine the actress from Malena movie but a bit more muscular.

Eloa Alto: Eloa is Class 1A's homeroom teacher. She has bright turquoise eyes with dark red hair tied up in a bun at the top. She has lightly tanned skin, a pleasant round face, small mouth with red lips and a cute snub nose.

She is quite good looking and appears to be a human female in mid thirties which made her at least three hundred years old.

Ilona Kuznik: She is the matron of Class 1A's dorm. She is an elderly looking grey haired angel that looks to be over three hundred and fifty years old. She has a no-nonsense vibe about her, but no one has crossed her yet to find out clearly. She seems to be particular about schedules.

Alice: Fiora's brunette secretary and errand runner. She is a younger angel and seems to share Fiora's curiosity in Anatomy. She also has a knack for entering her room at the wrong time.

Uriel Arden: Combat training teacher of Class 4A. Blaze first met her and Priscilla at Varan's fair, representing Tir academy. She seems to show strong favoritism to Priscilla.

Others:

Agatha Agnes: Jie Er's old acquaintance and friend, and Blaze's second paramour in the world of Azra-El. She runs a clothing store at Varan and has made most of Blaze's clothing.

She has light purple colored almond eyes, a thin slightly downturned nose, highly arched eyebrows and red lips like a recurve bow. She is lean with long legs and is 6'11 tall. Her breasts are around a C-cup and she has a nice pert butt.

She is a business woman at heart, but she has formed a friendship with Blaze and has even gifted him some handmade clothes.

Anastasia Marigold: She is the Duchess of Cali and shares a striking resemblance with her daughter, Elyssa.

She a small but striking woman; small for an angel at around 6'5. She has piercing gray eyes that seem to take in everything, a small red mouth, a thin soft nose, and voluminous pecan colored hair that is put up in a fontange.

She is a beautiful mature woman with plenty of cleavage, bony hips and long thighs. But being a stickler for the Bro Code, Blaze plans on keeping his hands off her.

Anastasia has a warm and welcoming personality, but she exudes a natural air of nobility; poise and elegance. She makes people feel safe and that everything around her is under her control.

Rin Temur: Rin and Lin are a pair of twins who act as the scouts for Rebecca's platoon. They are both tamers, with Rin focusing on Puokai and Lin focusing on hunting dogs. They have a penchant for dyeing their hair and Blaze has no clue as to what their original hair color is.

They have gentle almond shaped green eyes with slightly upturned outer corners; soft button noses; and cute pale pink lips with pretty smiles. Their faces are oval and rounded with a faint mongoloid resemblance.

Rin is the more feminine looking of the two with waist length pale pink hair. Her skin is soft and smooth long lean legs. She prefers skirts and sleeveless tops. They are 125 years old and 6'6 tall.

However, their appearances don't reflect their nature with each having their own unique quirks.

Lin Temur: Lin is the tomboy looking twin with short scruffy orange hair. She is more sinuous than her sister and has strong lean legs that seemed to be used to running. She prefers trousers and boyshorts.

Lin had an initial dislike for Quetzals, but she has slowly gotten used to being around Sky.

Tara Maitreya: Aahna's mother. She has long greyish white hair and tawny colored skin. She looks like an older version of Aahna but her calm and serene vibe contrasts daughter. She is the Vice head of Vidisha, a large merchant guild.

Animals:

Pegasi: You know... Flying horses. They are obviously larger than horse and have huge wingspans.

Carnike: A dog sized carnivorous rabbit. They mainly hunt fish and small creatures but have been known to chase after young inquisitive angels. However, they are cowardly creatures that run away when threatened.
