 Chapter Edited by DrasticExplorer, ChrisAnow, and BarakGiles. They were great! 

Special thanks to Mike Siegmund, Curtis, Bradley, Joshua, FlyPenguin, RandomTask, RogueXVII, Tristan, Vibrant, Tllxman, Wootdiew00p, The Glimmering Warlock, Benno Lorenz, Marcel Hearns, Michael Wall, John Weikel, Clay LaVal for supporting my work thus far. 

Obligatory Warning: 1. Male readers: keep some lotion handy. Female Readers: I am not gonna make any assumptions on what you may or may not need. There are a lot of sexual scenes (6-7), varying from very short to medium length, but it has a lot of story too. 

2. Chapter is the longest so far~28k words. You don't have to read it in one go :P. 

Blaze's Time Frame (Probably a better recap than last chapter's): It's been around 8 months since Blaze's arrival. Sky should be around 5.5 months old. It's been around two months since Blaze started attending Tir. 

Day 1 (Bloom (April), LE 634): Blaze pops out of an egg in the middle of nowhere and Jie Er adopts him. 

Week 2: Rebecca shows up to challenge Jie Er for her house. 

Week 3: Blaze meets Elyssa. 

Month 2: First flying lessons; Solo flying trips; Meets Momo the carnike. 

Week 8: Trip to Cali. 

Month 3: Elyssa leaves Varan (They still speak on VP). More carnike adventures. 

Week 12: Finds Sky. 

Month 4: Rin and Lin foursome. Rebecca leaves to TriSaw ridge for a month. Blaze and Jie Er's relationship finally turns. 

Month 5: Flexibility lessons *ahem*. Rebecca returns. 

Month 6 (Gather (September), LE 634): Blaze attends Tir for the first time. Meets Siofra at the HM's office. Gets real close with Fiora. 

Week 1(of classes): Fun time with Seshat. 

Week 2: Blaze displays Righteous Fury for Siofra. Fun time with Claudis. Pegasi lessons with Badava. 

Month 7 

Week 3: Blaze scares Badava. Combat Training with Siofra and new teacher Yulia. Elyssa returns. Rebecca spots Splash tormenting the wild dogs. 

Week 4: Trip to Saket/Sekat. (Chapter 13). 

Week 5-6: Energy Physics lessons and Energy Manipulation in combat training. Rebecca adopts Splash. Sky and Splash become good friends. 

Month 8 

Week 7:Sky shows up at Tir, together with Splash. The delegates of the societies meet at Tir to discuss the first Angelic Quetzal. Blaze ends up challenging the Malakim. Fights Priscilla again. Elyssa shows him the tournament record book. 

Week 8: Meets Claudi's daughter Tonya. Fiora tells him about the training camp she is arranging. Jie Er tells Blaze she is gonna train him for the tournament. 

Note: I think the first quarter feels long because of so many things happening. For me, the first semester (and the last) of my college remains the most vivid. You make new friends, find independence, explore, party, meet that one girl who you will have unrequited feelings for the rest of your life -- even though you've never spoken to her again... **You: Wait, that last one is oddly specific. Me: What? No! It happens to everyone and a friend of mine (not me) ** What I mean to say is that the first term/semester is always the most exciting. Things settle down and fall into a routine afterwards. 

The current chapter takes place in Natt (December). 

Lore: 

Curse Words of Azra-El (Those used so far) 

Hela's Butt: All angels want to spank it - obviously. It's equivalent to saying Fucking Hell! Blaze has misused it at times. 

Pegasi Whiskers: Expression of disbelief, cause Pegasi don't have whiskers. 

Fluffy Pegasi Whiskers: Good sorta surprise. 

Freak: This is obvious. 

Carnike: Coward. 

Raving Carnike: Equivalent to calling someone a lunatic or something along those lines. 

Subjects taught at Tir Academy: Math, Physics, Chemistry, Biology, Literature, Geography, History, Ethics and Philosophy, Art & Architecture, Music, and Combat Training. First years have Pegasi Flying lessons in the place of Music. Complex subjects like Anatomy, Civics and Law, Flight Physics, Energy Physics etc. are taught from the fourth year. Students can take optional subjects in their 8th and 9th years. 

Just for fun: There are a couple of English songs hidden in this chapter. A few verses from each, changed to match the story a little. If you can find and name the songs, you'll receive Azra-El points. 50 AP for the easier one and 100 AP for the harder. What can you do with them, you ask? Well, Momo says that they will be useful in crossing over to Azra-El in your next life. She promises you will get your choice of gender/body. 

Since my patrons already have an afterlife ticket to Azra-El, I will try to think of something for the ones who find the songs :P. 

Clues: 1. Both songs are from the 2000s. One is English rock and the other Alt-rock. Two verses from each of the song are actually together, so if you find one, you may find the other. There are other verses too. 

2. If a sentence seems just a teensy bit off, but still sorta fits, that's probably a verse. 

Enjoy the chapter :) 

Chapter 16 

Aranya did not have unbearably hot summers, nor were its winters cold enough for snow. Other than in the mountains, it almost never snowed anywhere in the kingdom, and that made Aranyan winters cold and boring. Humid winds from the north brought mid-winter rains, making early Natt (December) chilly and wet. 

It was on a dreary Matadie(Monday) morning that Blaze flew to the Registrar's office to meet with the headmistress. The water from the light drizzle seeped through his wings and clothing, making him cold, uncomfortable, and heavy. Umbrellas were not useful whilst flying. 

Alice greeted him from behind her desk. "If you're looking for the headmistress, she is currently away on a trip to Sekat. I don't expect her until tomorrow afternoon. Would you like to come back, or do you want me to give her a message?" she said to him while her eyes roved over the damp, silken tank top that clung to him like a second skin. 

"Umm... Can you tell her that I won't be able to attend the training sessions over the break?" he asked her, unmindful of her lusty gaze. He wanted to let the headmistress know his decision as soon as possible. Blaze had tried over the weekend to convince Jie Er to let him attend the training session, but she seemed absolutely set on training him herself. 

Alice raised her brows in surprise. "Why not?" 

"Jie Er wants to train me herself." 

"Your mother? Are you sure?" she asked again. 

"Yes!" Blaze replied, trying to appear surer than he was. 

"Okay. I will inform the headmistress at the earliest," Alice said without further judgment. "Do you need help getting warm and dry before you leave?" she asked after a brief pause. 

It was Blaze's turn to raise a brow at her. He couldn't tell from her expression if she meant what he thought she meant. "It's alright. I will be getting wet again. I am meeting Clio for another interview and a picture with Sky. I already took the Headmistress' permission before the weekend," he told her before leaving. 

*** 

Clio arrived at the clearing a half-hour before the start of Blaze's classes. Unlike Blaze, she was covered in a hooded sheepskin cloak that protected her from the rain. Two medium cuts ran along the back of the cloak to let her wings out. 

"Why aren't wearing a cloak?" she asked, smoothly landing in front of him and dematerializing her lavender pink wings. The two angels had decided to meet up at their previous spot before heading over to Claudis' house. 

Though the rain was only a light drizzle and he was standing under the shade of a nearby tree, Blaze had been out long enough for his clothes to become completely wet. Angels didn't need much protection from the heat or cold, but the rain was different. "Er... I forgot to bring one," he made up an excuse. The truth was that Jie Er was a little forgetful about buying him practical clothing, and he was loath to raise the topic in fear that she may actually buy him some; God forbid if she bought him something that he'd rather take off from other angels. 

"You should've borrowed one from your classmates," Clio shook her head. 

"I s-should've..." he stuttered, as a shiver coursed through his body. His energy resources had finally been sapped. 

"Oh, come here!" Clio exclaimed as pity overcame her rationality. Unfurling her cloak, she held up her hand in invitation. She was dressed in a peach colored, bare-shouldered crop top, and a pair of high-waisted shorts that were pulled up to her butt crease. 

Blaze nodded and began to pull his clothes off. 

"Um... What are you doing?" 

"Getting out of my clothes so I don't get yours wet... you know, when we are huddled together," he said with a straight face. 

Clio gulped and nodded. 

His eyes were enough to convince her of his intentions. She stared at him, unmoving, as he stripped and stepped into her cloak, wearing nothing but an impish grin. She had let the devil in without knowing it. 

"Hehe. There may be a better way for you to help me warm up," he sniggered like an old pervert. He sneaked an arm around her waist and pulled himself into her dry and comfortable warmth, feeling the smooth skin on the sides of her stomach with his damp, cold fingers. 

"Is this another favor, Ms. Blaze?" Clio asked with another visible gulp. She wanted it, but his current expression could make anyone feel skeptical. 

"Oh?" Blaze said, questioningly. "We don't have to do it if you don't want it," he told her smugly. 

"I didn't mean it like that," Clio said, immediately changing her tone. She turned a little red in the face before she spoke her next words. "Would you mind doing it to my butt?" 

It was Blaze's turn to be speechless. Clio was an anal girl! 

"I experimented a little," she said embarrassedly, thinking Blaze did not understand her desire. "Fingers don't feel the same way as your thing, especially in there." 

"An angel wants what she wants," he shrugged his shoulders. "Now, wrap me up! I am a little cold!" he said, pulling her closer. 

Clio swiftly pulled the cloak around them and held it with her arms around his shoulders. Blaze sneaked his hands up her back to loosen the string that held the crop top around her chest. It slipped down to reveal a pair of small pale white breasts -- the only region of her body not covered in freckles. They had gentle, beautiful swells that fit perfectly in the cups of Blaze's hands. 

He began to gently knead and caress them, sending his thumbs in a spiral over her areolae and culminating in a flick of her nipples. 

Clio's body bowed as she let out a breathy moan, and Blaze took the opportunity to take her swell into his mouth and began to gently swirl his tongue around her nipple, flicking and sucking on it between rotations. 

Her nipples bulged under his hand and mouth, and Clio let out a whimper. She pushed his head into her chest, using her inner biceps to hold him there, while trying her best to keep the cloak wrapped over their bodies. 

Noticing her eagerness, Blaze reached a hand down to her shorts and undid her button and zipper. His fingers quickly made their way into her panties, feeling her warm dampness. He lightly and carefully flitted around the hood of her clit with the tip of his finger, before flicking it. 

Clio stood on the tips of her toes and moaned. 

"Seems like this place wants me as much as the other," he commented. But seeing the helpless expression on her face, he reassured her. "Don't worry, we'll will do 'em both." 

Her shorts were tight around her butt, and he had to push and tug on them to bring them down to her thighs. He ran a finger down her slit and found her to be sopping wet. Spreading her juices around with his fingers, he slowly pushed one in. 

Clio's walls tightly clamped around him as she instinctively spread her thighs and leaned into him. He held on to her weight as he slowly dragged his finger out, and then took it to her puckered hole. He circled around its puckered folds before slowly penetrating it, using her own juices as lube. 

She raised her thigh and circled a leg around him, pulling him closer. Blaze pulled out and repeated what he did, sliding in and out -- first with one finger, and then with two. 

When he finally pushed his thumb into her slit while his index and middle fingers were firmly lodged in her butt, the sensation made Clio come in a shuddering climax. Her knees buckled as let go of the cloak and held onto Blaze's neck. The cloak slipped off their bodies and fell to the ground. 

Blaze felt her orgasm through her skin as she drenched his hand and it made his dick as hard as steel. 

"How can you do that with just your fingers?" she muttered into his ear, resting her chin on his shoulder. 

Blaze simply smiled as he kissed and sucked on her earlobe, before gently pushing her away and taking a moment to gaze at the freckles on her face. 

"Put this in your space ring," he said, picking up her cloak and handing it to her. "We might as well get a little wet," he said, walking out into the clearing. The rain's intensity had suddenly increased. 

He turned away from Clio and spread his arms, letting the cold rain wash over him. Glancing up at the sky, he felt the spiking drops against his face; it felt better than being damp. 

Clio watched him from the shade of the tree, before taking off her clothes and walking out to stand beside him. It was highly unlikely for anyone to be around in that rain to spot them. 

Blaze turned to her and beheld her naked form. Her light-yellow locks of hair gained a darker shade as they became drenched in the rain and clung to her face as water dribbled off their ends. Even her freckles seemed more pronounced on her pale white skin, but that was just perfect. 

Clio stood confidently with her hands on her waist. She was the type to be hesitant at first but became bolder with each step of a process. Gazing into his face, she gave him an expectant smile. 

Blaze stepped in and wrapped his arms around her waist. Pulling her close, he stood on tiptoe and pulled her head down to kiss her wide and full lips. 

She was taken by surprise, but the tender embrace of his lips drowned the emotion and surfaced an intimacy she had not felt before. It also seemed to wash away some of the reservations she had about him. 

As she got used to the idea, Clio's lips and tongue were forceful and dexterous as she weaved them between Blaze's. Their tongues rolled and collided as they tasted each other. Clio's cherry like flavor drowned his mind and senses. 

They kissed as their hands roved over each other's bodies, until they had to pull apart to catch their breath. Blaze planted a quick kiss on her cheek and stepped back to pull out his Txiki needle. 

"I'd rather have you," Clio said, remembering where the needle had been the previous time. 

"I know. This is for you to play with yourself," he said, placing the needle in her hand and turning her around. 

He pushed her hair to the front and placed his hands on her shoulders, slowly travelling down her back, feeling and caressing every inch of her skin. He reached down and squeezed her ass. It felt wonderfully soft, bouncy and full in his hands. To him, Clio's butt had always been her best physical feature. 

Slowly, he leaned into her back, watching the raindrops travel down her nape, along her spine, and into the crevice between her cheeks. Brushing his lips over the wet skin, he stood on tiptoe to lick a droplet of water off her nape. 

An all-encompassing tingle shot up and down her spine and into her brain, making her shiver in bliss while her back arched like a wound-up bow. 

Blaze's cock pushed into the back of her thighs, as he leaned into whisper. "I can't reach you unless you are on all fours or lying down." 

Clio silently nodded and got down onto her knees. But before she could fall on her hands, Blaze stepped in front of her. 

"I need some lubrication," he said with a smirk, inching his raging prick towards her heavy lips. 

Clio glanced up at him with her hazel eyes before wordlessly taking him into her mouth. Her soft, thick lips felt heavenly against his skin as she slowly took him in, circling her tongue around his head. 

Blaze hoped that she'd take it slow, but she seemed to be in a hurry. She deepthroated him and held him there until her gag reflex kicked in and her eyes turned moist. She then pulled him out only to take all of him in again, repeating it a few times before pulling away. 

"Is this enough?" she asked him, making apparent her overwhelming desire. Blaze was a little disappointed, but he didn't push her. He moved around as she fell on her hands and spread her knees, arching her back and making her bubble butt more prominent. 

A slick sheen covered her lower lips, her cum combining with the rainwater and forming a shiny layer over her groin. Blaze stepped over her legs to straddle her over her butt. Placing his greedy paws on her ass cheeks, he moved his member to the entrance of her vagina. 

"Just a moment," he told her, pushing himself into her slit. 

Clio responded with a moan as he split her apart. Her arousal made it easy for him to penetrate her. He slid in and out a couple of times before pulling out, his dick slick with her juices. Wetting his thumb with his saliva, he moved his fingers to her backdoor and worked them inside her to loosen her up. 

"Use the needle," he told her, placing his tip against the entrance of her ass. She nodded, but did not immediately follow his advice, as she waited in anticipation. She needed to feel him inside her. 

Blaze removed his fingers and used his thumb to slowly push the crown of his shaft inside; his fingers had made her entrance pliant. Inch by inch, he descended by slowly pushing his way in. 

Clio closed her eyes and felt him bury his entirety in her ass. When his groin finally touched the top of her butt, he paused a moment, before pulling out. Her eyes opened wide as she let out a silent gasp and her back arched up. 

He pulled out until only his tip remained in her and then pushed his whole length back in her in one smooth stroke. 

"Aaaaghhh," she cried out, as she felt him bottoming out in her. 

Blaze relished in the tightness of her rectum as it squeezed him. It was not just tight around his dick —it was warm and snug. Clio finally brought up the handle of the Txiki needle, using its soft base to tickle her clit before slowly pushing it into her slit. 

The rain intensified once more, and as it hammered against their bodies, the urgency in their own movements increased. Blaze held on to her hips and used them as leverage to pump his cock into her, while Clio tried to keep the needle in sync with his thrusts. Their wet hair stuck to their skins and the rainwater, along with the movements of their bodies, animated them. 

Despite being drenched by the cold rain, the heat inside them surged. Each thrust sent jolts of electricity into their brains, sparking every inch of their bodies as they felt the rain against their skin, and their skin against skin. 

Finally, Blaze could not hold on anymore. Knowing the height of Clio's arousal, he burst into her with a heavy thrust of his hips, sending a ripple across her butt. 

Clio felt the streams of cum flow into her, and she intensified the pumping of the needle in her vagina. "Ah ah ah ah Aaaaaaghhh!" Her final scream echoed through the woods, as she threw the needle aside and fell onto the grass, bringing Blaze along with her. 

She spasmed and shuddered as he felt her warmth hit his balls. He held her shoulders and pressed himself onto her soft, wet back as he felt her passage twitch and massage all the cum out of his shaft. It was exceptionally fulfilling. 
