 Author's Notes: Finally have an editor/proofreader. DankMemez. If you find the quality of writing/sex scenes in the chapter to be greatly improved from the last, it's mostly due to his efforts and suggestions. He has been stupendously helpful.

Special Thanks to VibrantDragon, FlyPenguin & W00tdiew00p for supporting my work

Schedule: A couple of you asked me for a schedule. I am not a full-time author, so I can't promise you one. However, I am aiming towards releasing one chapter every three weeks (on an average). It may vary depending on the length of the chapter.

I love the fact that you guys are so eager to read my work, but I currently cannot go any faster. This chapter took a bit longer because Dank and I needed to get in sync with editing.

The earlier chapters were also less complex and easier to write.

Obligatory Warnings: 1. No real Pegasi were harmed in the making of this chapter. To those of you who are sensitive towards cruelty to animals, please read till the end of the scene.

2. There are two sex scenes and on Dank's suggestion, it ends with one :P.

Festivals of Azra El: The heavenly union has many holidays and festivals but here are a few of the more important ones.

Regnbage Carnival: Festival of costumes. Every town and city of Azra-El celebrates with a procession led by a large puppet dragon, followed by frolicking costumed angels. The festival arises from the myth of Alvira.

The story tells of an ancient tribe of angels who were invaded by a tribe of beast like beings. Alvira, a young intelligent angel devised a plan to ward off the beastlings.

The beastlings were known to worship dragons. Alvira, with the help of other young angels, created a serpent like dragon puppet made of cloth, angel feathers and wooden sticks.

For three nights after that they paraded the dragon puppet around the town, while the beastling scouts reported of a dragon serpent that prowled the angel town.

The invading chief was skeptical about a dragon protecting an angel tribe, but she couldn't cull the rumors that spread among her force. However, on the day when the beastlings attacked the tribal village, a huge multi colored dragon head with a tail of rainbow appeared at the entrance of the town, breathing down a column of raging fire. The beastlings fled without looking back.

The myth is unclear about how Alvira managed to create such a phenomenon at a time when the angels had not yet figured out the use of energy stones, but the incident had henceforth been celebrated as the Regnbage Carnival.

Sangkarn: New Year's Day of the Heavenly kingdom. It's a day when older angels bestow their young with gifts. It's also a day of ancestral worship. The origin of the festival is dated long before the Regnbage Carnival's appearance.

Omovo: Harvest festival of the heavenly union, marked by gift giving by the rich and a large potluck on the eve of the day.

Flight Song: (no, not the pop song. That's fight song) A music and dance festival held in the middle of First Seed (March).

The nine primary societies of The Heavenly Union

