 The following story takes place in an alternative history. All STDs were cured in the 90s and rampant population growth is controlled by year-long birth control for both sexes that's administered every time you renew your ID. Most sexual taboos are no longer a moral battlefront save for bestiality and pedophilia and sex in general is seen more as entertainment or a sport, rather than something connected specifically to love or mating.

*

Sexfighting, where two individuals competitively try to make each other orgasm, is wildly popular. To participate in Sexfighting, one must get their Consent License through a series of classes and health screenings. 

*

This particular story follows nineteen year old transgirl Allison Heut. Allison is a young dickgirl aspiring to be a champion sexfighter. 

Her parents are out of town for the next few weeks and she just got her Consent License.

Her first match was against her amiable ex-girlfriend, Suze. Alli won, but only barely.

Later she would discover that her friendly neighbor and lifetime crush Mrs. Madison Koufax was none other than 1988 World Champion, The Crimson Queen. She even agreed to be her coach!

However lucky she felt, that run of good fortune would be tested soon at her very neighborhood sexfighting league.

*****

Allison couldn't believe what she was seeing.

Or for that matter what she was hearing...

ShhhhllliicccPPOPP!

"AaahhHmm! Gooood girl~" Her coach/neighbor/crush moaned out, breathing hard over Alli's spit-slathered shaft from just having kissed the hilt several times in a row. Alli was already super sensitive from the rough scrubbing Madison had just given her, prompting her in a sweetly-tinted tone that it was "time for her pretty princess to get hers". The accumulative sweat from the morning's chores were then wiped away with a warm rag and affectionate cooes all concerning the ravishing beauty of her precious "Hunny Bunny's" hard horny cock.

A week ago, Allison would have cummed herself into a coma again from this kind of treatment.

Now she was just barely not doing so.

Still, it was an improvement!

Instead of 'white-ing out', she watched on with a surprised gasping expression which stirred into a whimpering squeal when Madison grinned up at her.

"You've been so good!~ Mmmm~ I think you've deserved this..." 

Madison gripped and pulled down the front of her red chemise. The curved shelf of bosomy perfection was presented with a slow lean forward while Madison's fist pumped her pupil's prodigious prick from base to tip and back.

"You're going to let out every single syrupy ounce..."

The pumping became faster; even when she slurped over the tip for a moment, she didn't miss a beat in beating her off.

"And you're going to get the chance to cover my t--"

That last bit was obscured under the sound of the front door swinging open and the heavy pair of footsteps trotting full-speed to the kitchen.

"Is that my sweet boys making the loudest entrance in history?" Madison yelled back towards the half-open bathroom door.

Her blood-related brats soon answered by banging pots and pans.

Mrs. Koufax rolled her eyes and sighed at their antics.

"Very cute! If any of those are dented I'm telling Hanna on you!"

The sounds of clattering kitchenware stopped instantly.

"Well schucks Princess. I was going to let you frost me like a cupcake but didn't think they were going to be home this early." Madison returned to stroking, now slower and voice dripping with tenderness and pouty purring.

"Finish this off for me in the shower and I'll make it up to you later." 

When the door closed, Allison was still in a daze, fingers gripping the side of the tub she was sitting on while her whole body continued to drub with need. Her inner autopilot took control regardless, urging her to turn the knobs of the shower and stand up.

Her hair was wild and her cock was so hard it hurt. It was also still painted in Madison's saliva and looked gorgeously obscene as she checked herself in the mirror

Alli appreciated her look a moment longer, tossing her hair around and posing while the water worked up to a steam. 

She was so ready to slay tomorrow at the neighborhood league!

Anxious might be a better word.

Or maybe nervous.

Or terrified.

By now, she was grabbing the countertop and staring herself down.

"You've got it... it's fine..." She tried to tell herself, feeling a tidal wave of panic beginning to crash over again.

It hadn't even been a month since she got her consent licence and she was already living what felt like an impossible dream. 

Mrs. K was training her. Former World Champ and #1 Hottie MILF Neighbor, Madison Koufax was her coach. It was unbelievable!

She just had to win!

She had to make her proud!

Allison pulled the half-undone ponytail out, taking another long look at herself.

"You can do it, Alli-girl. Just chill out. Deep breaths." She told herself (although completely neglected to do so before forcing herself over to the shower).

The running water helped drown out those concerns a little, but not a lot.

Her bluff had been called. She wanted to be the best and now she had to be. If she didn't...

Allison's lips pursed tight, remembering their time on the couch last week. 

How warm it felt. How tight Madison held her. How soft everything was.

She finally remembered to take that deep breath.

"I can do it."

"I can't do it."

"WHAT?!"

"I'll lose. Mrs. K will see she's wasting her time. She will never cuddle with me again. I have to fake sick or something."

The two life-long BFFs were crashing on the Heut family floor once again. Allison even dragged her mattress into the living room just like they used to do back in the day. The subject had obviously turned to tomorrow's league match.

Kaylee put her hand on Allison's face.

"You'll do fine. And you're bound to lose eventually. Madison knows it. I know it. Everyone who sexfights knows it. It's cool. Do you know who you're up against yet?"

"No..." Allison shook her head and sighed out some of the tension, "first round pairings are always blind I guess."

Kaylee's hand was still on Allison's face.

"Might be another dude. Those seem pretty easy right? Just gotta keep them out of your butt. Ditto for dickgirls but careful when you're face to face."

Allison nodded while masked by Kaylee's hand.

"Women are gonna be tough. Older women especially. Mari Jones might be a near auto-loss and Joan from the coffeeshop being another Everest to climb. Everyone else you have plenty of game against."

"Okay. I can do it."

"Say it again."

"I can do it."

"SAY IT AGAIN!"

"I CAN DO IT!"

"Correct! Now whats for dinner tonight? Are we doing pizza again?"

Meanwhile, next door at Koufax estate:

"And then Robbie flipped the dude over-"

"Ryry was already down there so-"

"Yea! When I started pounding him"

"I sucked him fucking dry! We got all three out of him."

"His girlfriend was soooo pissed at him!"

"Pffft she's gonna start training with us next month though."

"She's transferring to CU so we offered."

Madison grinned wide behind her wine glass. 

"Oh that poor girl~"

The increasingly infamous Koufax Twins, Robbie Koufax and Ryry Koufax, had both returned from an intensive and inclusive Summer tag-team camp earlier this week and the stories from it seemed to keep pouring out everytime they sat down with their mom. 

While normally they were cosigned to leaving her out of any and all matters involving sexfighting, it was clear that her boys had a spectacular time honing their skills and were eager to share. It had always been THEIR thing, likely in spite of the fact that their mother was one of the most acclaimed champions in the sport's history. The eldest of the three, Reggie Jr., actually didn't bother with it at all, having moved off a while ago to become an accountant. 

But sexfighting was in Robbie's and Ryry's blood for sure and they were determined to succeed on their own.

Still though, Madison loved that they were opening up to her. 

"Are you boys doing league again this year? I'm taking Allison over for her first meet if you want a ride."

They looked to each other for a few seconds to suss it out then Robbie answered for them.

"Yea, that's fine. We aren't doing the league matches this time around but will probably try to get some sparring in."

"We have a few new tricks to show off."

"Well, I assure you The Lydons are already terrified. They were asking about you two and when you were getting back all summer."

The boys snickered, making grins just like their dear ole mom at the thought of re-wrecking the newlyweds down the street with one of their many new techniques. 

"Yea... we've got something special planned for them..."

"WHAT A CHHUUUUMMMP!" Kaylee taunted, arms in the air like the perfect hype man as the delivery boy's CL-band hummed in a frenzy.

Allison took it like a pro, palm pressing hard at his stomach to pin him to the front door as he started to shudder his hips. She kept him pinned like that while gulping and guzzling down every drop from his admittedly super-suckable cock. Once finished, she pulled back, wiped her chin and pushed up to her feet(even pulling his pants up as she did).

"Thanks for the free pizza, dude. Feel free to tell that creep Zack you got your butt kicked. Maybe that'll scare him away." Allison teased, smirking as she showed him out the door. 

To recap, the dark-haired and kinda-sorta hunky motorcyclist delivery boy had hit her up on the sexfighting app Fuckr:

-----

A Match Request!

From: Alex Wolfe

Just about to deliver your order from Nana Calzones. Zack mentioned you do ante matches for free pizza? I'll take you up.

-----

After seeing that message, the two were sent into a fury against that weaselly jerk Zack that culminated in Allison taking Alex up on his offer. They reasoned it might be good practice for tomorrow and that they could rub it in Zack's face that Allison would compete with anyone other than him.

Plus he arrived on a pretty bitchin' motorcycle so that helped.

"I can do you one better and tell him I beat you so hard that you're my girlfriend now..."

"Pffft! In your dreams Wolfy. Plus it's--"

"I'm just kidding. Thanks for the match though. Message me before you order next time and if I'm working I'll hook you up."

"Thanks! Maybe you'll even get a chance at a rematch sometime."

"We'll see I guess."

Once Alex was on his way, Allison turned around to find her sidekick already gorging herself on their prize.

"You know, I think free pizza tastes better."

Allison popped her lips idly as she took her own slice of their pepperoni-topped trophy.

"My lips are crazy numb now. Does that ever get easier?"

"Hmmm not sure. I really only suck you off once and a while. Jamesie isn't that into blowjobs."

"Guh! Of course not. Probably just likes to stick to missionary right?"

"Oh come on, he's not that vanilla. To be honest, I think he actually prefers eating me out more than anything."

"Really?"

"Mmhmm! He gets all humpy when he does it!"

"I can't even imagine."

"ITS SO CUTE!"

"I'm very happy for you Kay." Allison said through a giggle, unable to resist when seeing her galpal get so excited.

"OH FUCK! WE GOTTA EAT THIS AND GET TO BED!"

Allison raised a brow. Kaylee was the last person she'd ever expect to advocate sleep.

"It's not that late..."

"Hush my champion," She insisted, shushing Allison with her leftover crust, "we also need to make you cum before bed."

"Mrs. K is giving you orders, isn't she?" Allison's inquisitive glare sharpened.

"Hmmm noooo... Technically, Madison is giving you orders and I'm just making sure sure you're doing them."

The brunette fuckfighter broke into a grin at her friend's logic.

"Okay. Fair."

"Would it help if I did my impression of her again?"

"Oh god Kayl-"

"Claaaaammmsssssss..." Kaylee sauntered closer, letting her hips swing out dangerously far from side to side. Her voice was between a growl and a moan.

Allison dropped her pizza and shook her head profusely at the incoming reference to the wholly fictional dish that Kaylee found utterly hilarious to attribute to Mrs. K. 

"Oooll-"

Before she could finish, Allison tackled and dragged her into the other room.

There was an initial tension in the car.

Today was Allison's first time going to a league meet. Considering her aspirations to be the best sexfighter in the world, this was a rather important day in her canon.

That and Madison was wearing this strawberry-print beach dress that had the Heut dickgirl throbbing hard the second she saw her.

Any psychic pressure in the vehicle was quickly relieved as Robbie and Ry resumed into their usual banter.

"I'm just saying, our dicks look a lot better in red."

"Yeaaa but that's mom's color."

"How about a brick red?" Kaylee, sitting between, them chirped in.

The twins gave a long 'HMM' and looked to each other.

"She probably needs to see that going darker won't work."

"No, definitely not with our cocks."

"BOYS!" Madison interrupted, not taking her eyes from the road, "No showing your cocks off to Kaylee."

Kaylee giggled out but Madison continued, "And you know you're supposed to keep them in your pants while you're in my car. I'm not having another mess like the one you two made on the way to Regionals last year."

"They made it to Regionals?" Allison hooked in at the comment.

The tension suddenly returned; both Robbie and Ry going quiet and sternly grimacing at the mention of Regionals.

"Sorry for bringing it up, boys-- but we JUST got all those stains out. So come on."

Madison leaned over a bit to Allison and spoke softer to dull the words from the soured siblings in the back of the minivan.

"They got DQ'd in the first round for a registration error and then missed their next match due to... certain circumstances."

"WE CAN HERE YOU" They both grumbled, just as the car was lurching to a halt.

The block was packed. Cars lined the curb from one end to the next while crowds congregated on foot towards the luxurious two-story home.

They were not going to the house though--everyone was entering through the large wooden fence's gate.

On their way up to it, Allison nervously shifted closer to Madison but the two red-headed Koufax children were quick to scamper off into the crowded backyard.

"You got this" Kaylee whispered to Alli, gripping her right hand in her left.

Once through the gate, Kaylee squeezed her hand tighter.

It seemed like over half of Conley Heights was here. It had the vibe of a backyard cookout or your usual neighborhood block party. The only difference was there were two huge mats that people were mobbing around that soon would feature intense displays of carnal combat.

Everyone seemed extremely excited about it. Actually, the excitement was incredibly visable. Not only in the cheering tone of voices and boisterous chummy behavior but also in the numerous erections and wet nethers exposed by many patrons.

Not everyone though, but still far more than you'd expect to see in this kind of wholesome communal atmosphere.

"The pool's heated now!" Someone exclaimed to Madison as they passed, causing her to turn and suddenly light up at the sight of her old friend.

"OH GOSH! THAT CAN'T BE YOU!" She huffed out in amused disbelief. 

Madison slung her arms around the six foot tower of nude dark masculinity and reeled him down to her to smother.

"Is Jenna here?"

"Oh no. She's up there at the new pavilion stage getting the stripes all trained."

"Well of course she is! This spitfire's mom is the one designing the stage." Madison broke the embrace and ushered Allison to meet him, "And today's her first league meet? Isn't that exciting. Oh! Say hello to Claudio, Allison. He and his partner Jenna are the boys godparents. We go way way way back" 

"Nice to meet you." Allison politely followed the prompt before being pulled into an all-enveloping bear hug.

"Call me D--Well, most call me Big D but D works just fine."

Allison gurgled out trying to answer to which 'Big D' quickly apologized and lessened the bide. 

"Oh sorry, what was that?"

"Big A"

"Hmm?"

"You can... call me... Big A." Allison answered through raggedly regaining oxygen.

"I like her, Madison."

"I know~ I like her too~" Mrs. K chimed, rubbing across Allison's back affectionately.

"ATTENTION!"

Everyone stopped what they were doing and turned to the diving board.

Ontop was standing a referee-style-bikini-clad Amazon. Sunkissed bronze from head-to-toe and a huge mane of lustrous copper. 

She was a vision, a glistening testament to fitness and femininity glimmering for all to see.

"EVERYBODY READY FOR THE FIRST DAY OF LEAGUE!?"

To this, everyone tore into a frenzy of hollering hurrahs and clapping. 

"GOOD! THAT'S WHAT I WANT TO HEAR! NOW! FIRST UP! Ohhhh... this should be good. First-Timer Allison Heut! LETS GIVE IT UP FOR ALLISON!"

The many collected burst into applause and welcoming cheers once more. Once they figured out where she was in the crowd, she was swarmed with congratulatory pats on the shoulder and back. It left her a little frazzled. Ultimately though, she was transfixed and frozen waiting to hear who her opponent was.

"And her opponent is..." The league commissioner Hanna paused for a moment to check her sheet again, "... OH! CLARISSA SHAW! UH OH!" 

At this name, there was an ominous 'Oooooo' that echoed through crowd. Allison thought the name sounded familiar but couldn't put her finger on it.

"SEXFIGHTERS! YOU'VE GOT FIVE MINUTES TO MAKE IT TO THE BLUE MAT! REMEMBER! ONE PROP LIMIT! HAS TO BE ON THE APPROVED LIST!"

Allison snapped towards Madison.

"We can have props?!" She asked, alarmed.

"You don't need one, cutie."

Allison felt her pulse quicken to machine gun speeds. Despite all the preparation and practice so far, she still felt like she was showing up for a history exam in her underwear and now with no pencil either. 

At the mat, the sense of panic only grew worse.

A thousand times more when Clarissa made her appearance.

"Hey Daddy! DROP THAT BEAT!" 

Alli saw who she recognized as 'Doctor Santa'(from when she got her CL-Band) pull up a boombox from beside his seat and then pressed play after forgetting around with a couple of other buttons.

Heavy bass and aggressive hip-hop fired out of the speakers drowning out anyone still conversing.

Then she walked to the mat.

Clarissa was THAT Clarissa. The super hot Latina nurse Clarissa.

She was not in her scrubs. Not even close.

Instead of her uniform, She wore a pair of dollar sign pasties and a pair of unzipped but snuggly fitting black booty shorts. Her rich and thick raven hair was tied into two large bushy pigtails, snapped tight by a pair of re-purposed money clips.

Once on the mat, she peeled off the booty shorts--kicking them back at her 'Daddy' with the ghetto blaster. 

"SHE'S GOT LIKE A WHOLE PERSONA! I can barely do archetypes!" Allison turned and frantically consulted Madison and Kaylee in a hushed huddle.

"DON'T DO THE COWGIRL!" Kaylee quickly interjected before Madison could get a word in.

"You told her about that?" Madison half-laughed, very amused by the memory and more so that Allison actually told her bestie about it.

"OF COURSE I DID! I BLAB EVERYTHING TO HER! BUT WHAT AM I GOING TO DO!"

"Allison."

Coach and sexfighter locked eyes.

"It's okay. All you need to do is go out there and be your most passionate self."

"My most passionate self?"

"Yes sweetheart. And go out there. Hanna doesn't like to wait."

With that, Madison kissed her. Deep. With tongue. Kaylee swooned at seeing her friend's life-long fantasy fulfilled.
