 Obligatory Warning: 1. Only one sex scene in this chapter, but it's quite long. 2. Response to comments has been moved to the end of the chapter.

Editors: Dankmemez/AC Lawrence & DrasticXplorer. I think they've done an excellent job of editing my story.

Special thanks to Curtis, Bradley, Joshua, FlyPenguin, RandomTask, RogueXVII, Tristan, Vibrant, Wootdiew00p, The Glimmering Warlock, Benno Lorenz and Michael Wall for supporting my work.

Calendar: Since I can't keep using the names from Skyrim, I decided to revert to English/Gregorian calendar. Azra-El obviously has its own calendar, so I am providing it for those interested.

Week: (Starting from Monday)

Matadie -- Day when creation began.

Rhedie -- Land was formed.

Aeigirdie -- Oceans and water were formed.

Radie -- Sun was formed.

Xihedie -- Word Energy manifested.

Hathordie (sometimes pronounced Hadie) -- Life emerged.

Joeidie -- Day of celebration.

Months: (Starting from January)

Bianca - 'White' month.

Amare - Month of Love.

Sprout

Bloom

Maia -- Named after goddess of growth and nurture.

Alharu - The 'hot' month.

Kite - Good month to fly at great heights.

Starfall -- Month of regular meteor showers.

Gather -- Crops are gathered (Angels don't harvest?).

Chroma -- Month of color -- representing the bright colors of leaves.

Liber -- Free or idle month.

Natt -- Month of long nights

Lore: 

First and Last Names: It is common in Aranya and most countries to use first names along with prefixes like Miss, Min and Mon, even in formal settings. The Holy Caledonian Empire and Kamikoku use last names in formal settings, and first names are only used when they can be used without prefixes.

The Holy Caledonian Empire: Three eras prior (~1800 years) to the current date, a wave of imperialistic ideas spread through the northern kingdoms of the Heavenly Union. Under Nike, the Holy Caledonian Empire occupied Aranya, the Sylphs, and parts of Teteocan and Zara'ard.

The Xian competed with Vaikunheim and Angalnebo to expand in the demon territories, before Xian won the race and ultimately pushing the demons into the narrow confines of southwestern Azra-El.

The angels realized the folly of their ways and imperialism soon embraced 'globalization'. They found a new love for other cultures. This is reflected in the new calendar they decided to adopt -- first by the Holy Caledonian Empire and then by the others.

Saket and Sekhat: Though Saket is the widely used name of the capital of Aranya, Saket and Sekhat/Saket are actually twin cities separated by the river Glende. Saket is the one on the western bank and Sekhat is on the eastern one accommodating the royal palace. (RogueXVI's idea)

Chapter 14

Clio Elen Mousa came from a long line of reporters, some famous, some not. Curiosity was in her blood and she prided herself at being able to sniff out a story a mile away.

When she first started interviewing the Righteous Fury, she didn't think much of his caginess. Some people were simply averse to publicity, and the Fury was too young to be hiding something drastic.

However, as she continued to interview him, his cagey answers made her feel they were deliberately practiced and vague.

The strange dance with the countess' daughter and their hungry embrace further piqued her interest. Their movements had been bizarre and seemingly driven by an inexplicable desire to feel each other's bodies.

So, when the two angels departed, she slipped away from the party and silently tailed them, keeping low over the treetops.

She spied on them from the foliage outside the princess's study, mystified by the passion with which they devoured each other's lips. It was a little uncomfortable to watch, yet she couldn't tear her eyes from them.

When they chose to head inside, she waited for a few minutes before quietly following; moving from door to door in the long and narrow hallway, placing an ear against the wood and listening for their presence.

She heard them at the third room on the right and waited for things to pick up. She had an inkling that she would be safe once the two angels were consumed by their emotions.

The quiet moans and steady thumping that soon started didn't surprise her, until she heard a shrill shriek. She gently turned the handle and opened the door by a few inches, afraid of what she might find.

They were still obscured by the door, so she pulled out her family heirloom, a bronze periscope, from her space ring. She sneaked the device through the opening and peered through its looking glass.

What she saw were two bodies that couldn't be any closer. The Fury was on top of the countess's daughter -- Astrid - his hips rapidly attacking her and their bodies thumping together. Astrid's arms and legs wrapped around him and she was shrieking in pain.

Pain? No... Pleasure? Clio corrected herself as she turned a knob on the periscope and focused on her face.

Astrid trembled, and Clio almost rushed into the room to get Blaze away from her. But she stopped when she saw the look of ecstasy as her body shuddered. A thought about the Huldra of the Hela Empire sprouted in Clio's mind.

The Huldra were known to be able to charm. They weren't always successful in charming sentient beings, but when they managed to do it, the charmed became slaves to their will and desires. Was the countess's daughter charmed? But how can the Righteous Fury be a Huldra?

Blaze soon got off Astrid and Clio spotted his dangling organ. The Hela! She is an unnatural.

Clio cringed in fear when she saw it pierce Astrid's vagina. She expected him to draw blood, but the only thing he drew were Astrid's squeals. The two soon devolved into a series of mindless movements; their eyes glazed as their bodies ground and crashed into each other.

A strange heat arose in her own body as she watched the strange organ thrust inside Astrid. Clio didn't notice it at first but felt a tingle in the pit of her stomach when she subconsciously licked her lips. It alarmed her. Is the strange organ the cause of the charm? As her thighs involuntarily rubbed together, the pleasurable warmth betrayed her craving to feel it inside her.

Despite her growing fear, she had to watch to get the scoop of her life. First rule of the Musa family. Never leave or drop a story, unless it is for a better one, she repeated to herself. She wasn't sure if the Righteous fury was a Huldra, but she knew a lot of people were going to be interested in what was happening.

Clio watched till the end and when the two angels lay spent, her excitement and fear made her close the door abruptly. She tried to tiptoe away, but she quickly found herself wrestling the Fury, before being pinned helplessly to the ground and her body exposed through her ripped clothes.

***

"Ok! I give up," Clio tapped out when she realized that she couldn't win against the two angels. Besides, she didn't think they would be bold enough to hurt her. Unless the Fury was a demon.

Blaze lessened the pressure on her back but chose to sit on her butt. Clio's mind raced as she felt his nakedness through her ripped skirt. Would he just push it inside and charm me? she thought, and a tremor coursed through her body. What scared her more was that a part of her wished he would.

"You could've helped!" Blaze said.

"I was guarding the exit?" Astrid replied goofily.

Blaze sighed. "Whatever. Do you have a rope or something we can tie her up with?"

Astrid considered it for a moment before pulling out a couple of blue ribbons from her space ring. "I have these."

"What are you planning to do? I suggest you release me and let me go. It will end better if you do!" Clio cried out in alarm.

"I just want to talk. This is just a precaution," Blaze answered, taking the ribbons from Astrid. "It will be easier for all of us if you just complied," he added, suddenly feeling like an old movie villain.

Clio struggled as he reached for her hands.

"Do you want me to sit on her?" Astrid suggested, making Clio go still and Blaze to look at her strangely. There was no change in her expression, and she seemed to take the whole thing quite lightly. It made him feel even more like a villain, and Astrid his vamp.

He tied Clio's hands behind her back as he took in her thin frame. Though her butt was soft and bouncy, she seemed quite dainty as he handled her slim arms. It was no wonder her small body was so easily overpowered. Once secure, he led her by the arm to the princess's study.

Sitting her on the couch he picked up his underwear but noticed her surreptitious glances at his cock. So, he simply pulled up a chair in front of her and sat down naked. Astrid didn't even think about wearing her clothes as she flopped down on the divan.

Despite her vulnerable position, the reporter chose to put on a display of confidence. She looked straight into Blaze's eyes and gave him a smirk, hoping to intimidate the younger angel. Instead, his eyes gleamed as they roamed over her body.

Clio's narrow and naked shoulders were pulled back due to her bonds and a few stray locks of hair in disarray covered her face. The left flap of her top was torn, and her small perky breast with a small rosy nipple stared at Blaze.

His shaft noticeably hardened at the sight, and Clio had to force herself from gulping. Her arms shuffled uncomfortably with the impulse of covering herself up.

Blaze gave out a long sigh. "What were you doing here Ms. Clio?"

"Isn't that obvious?" she replied nonchalantly.

"I guess so..." he said, looking at Astrid for support, but she simply stared down the reporter. "The better question is to ask you about what you saw or rather what you understood from it?"

"I don't know, and it is not my place to judge. I have some suspicions, but I am only going to report what I saw. It is for my readers to interpret it," she gave a practiced response. "Are you a half-Huldra?" she asked suddenly. Tied up or not, her first instinct was to get information.

Blaze took a moment to understand her question before he burst out laughing, while Astrid chose to answer for him.

"Are you daft, ivka? Do I look charmed to you?" Astrid said angrily, dropping her usual act of playing dumb.

Clio looked at Astrid in surprise. Astrid's expression was a contrast from her usual carefreeness and her eyes were lit up with intelligent indignation. Maybe she isn't charmed. "But you looked so out of it when you were performing... that ritual."

"That's because it felt so good..." Astrid replied, as a dreamy look flashed across her eyes.

That didn't help! Blaze wanted to scream at her. Instead, he turned to Clio, "Is there any way I could convince you to not write about this? I am an unnatural and obviously a little different. We just found a pleasurable use for my little quirk. It doesn't harm anyone or give me any exceptional strength. Surely, that's not worth reporting," he reasoned. His only other option was to take Clio to Anastasia, but the potential consequences of it worried him.

"Not unless you have a better story to exchange," she replied curtly.

"Er..." Blaze began, but he was suddenly distracted by Astrid withdrawing a dagger from her ring. It was a dangerously beautiful weapon, inexplicably curved.

Placing a finger against its tip, she slowly rotated the dagger in her hand; Astrid thoughtfully gazed at her blade for a moment before flashing a mischievous smile, "How about a deal, instead?"

"D-deal?" Clio asked with uncertainty. She suddenly felt more afraid of the girl with the dagger than the naked Righteous Fury.

"Blaze has already shown some of his potential. I believe he has much more, and my aunt, Anastasia Marigold's recent actions should attest to that. If you drop this story, we will make you Blaze's primary correspondent.

"Think of it as an investment. Not writing this story could bring you more interesting ones," Astrid said in a steady voice. Her voice wasn't cold, but the way she smiled and gazed at the dagger, almost lovingly, unnerved the reporter.

Clio considered it, unable to take her eyes off the blade.

"How about an additional offer," Astrid added expressionlessly, and Clio raised a brow at her. "If Blaze is okay with it, we will let you personally experience his organ," she said, all businesslike. "Numerous angels can attest that it is the best thing they've felt in their lives. You may not get another chance if choose to not go through with it.

"Think about it. Worst case scenario is you don't like it too much. Even then it'll still be a useful firsthand experience for your story."

"You plan on charming me!" Clio spat, sitting up straight.

"Don't be stupid," Astrid replied calmly. "Think about it. Do I look charmed? And if we can charm you that way, what's stopping us from forcing him into you?"

"Maybe you need my consent for the charm to work?" Clio took a wild guess, shifting her gaze between the two. The Fury looked as surprised by the little countess's words as she was.

"We can keep making such ridiculous conjectures to no end. Why don't you take a minute to consider it?" Astrid replied in a simple but stately manner.

Clio narrowed her eyes and stared at Astrid in contemplation. It was true that Astrid did not look charmed. In fact, she seemed more in control of the conversation now, and there was no way that the two could have foreseen a situation like this. She weighed her options as she felt the pit of her stomach tingle at the idea of having that organ pleasure her

"Blaze, can you give me a moment with her?" Astrid broke the silence, before Clio could decide.

"What are you planning to do?" he asked, looking at the dagger and suddenly feeling very unsure about her intentions.

Astrid giggled. "Don't worry, I am not going to hurt her. I just have some words that will be easier to say without you around. Trust me."

Blaze searched Astrid's hazel eyes, but they were inscrutable. She was still a mystery to him, but he remembered how open she was when they were by themselves.

"Ms. Blaze..." Clio called to him.

Blaze looked at her, shrugged his shoulders, and left them alone. In the hallway, he slid down against the door and contemplated the mess he had gotten himself into.

***

Astrid turned to Clio and caught her eyeing the windows. "Don't think I won't use this if I am forced to, Ms. Clio," Astrid told her, giving the dagger a twirl.

"Are you the Huldra?" Clio exclaimed, eyes widening in realization.

Astrid laughed. "You certainly have the imagination of a reporter. NO. I am not a Huldra. But I am a Malakim," she said, letting the words sink in. "And as you know, the Malakim are very interested in Blaze. I've been tasked to keep an eye on him, and I'll be forced to inform them about you, if you chose to forego my deal.

"Now, I may not do you any harm, but the same cannot be said about the Grey ones. I am a future countess and as such I hold some contacts within the society. It won't take me long to get someone capable involved."

Clio's mind raced, going over all the implications. Her claim of being a Malakim could easily be checked. If true, it meant that the Malakim already knew about Blaze's unnaturality. Were they protecting him? If Astrid was quick, the Grey ones could make Clio disappear before she could reach for help. "Are you threatening me?" she asked, glaring at Astrid and trying to put on a brave front.

"No. Just giving you a complete view to help you make the right decision," Astrid replied nonchalantly.

They sat in silence as Clio thought about her options. "You can call Ms. Blaze in now, unless you want to threaten me a little more."

"Trust me, Ms. Clio, me threatening you would be very different," she said. "Blaze!"

The first thing Blaze did after entering was check whether Clio had been harmed. Satisfied she hadn't been touched, he sat down on the couch next to Astrid. Since Astrid was leading the conversation, he decided he might as well sit beside her for added effect.

Astrid leaned into his shoulder and he resisted the urge to wrap an arm around her and grab a breast.

Clio's eyes hovered over his length for a moment before she began speaking, "I agree to Ms. Astrid's idea, but I have a few conditions of my own."

Astrid made Blaze wrap his arm around herself and snuggled into his neck, placing a hand on his chest and splaying a leg across his thigh. She took in his scent and looked towards Clio as her hand slowly began to inch towards his cock.

Blaze understood what she was doing, and lightly caressed her arm as he asked Clio, "And they are?"

Clio's freckled white face turned a beet red as she remembered what she had seen earlier. Her voice cracked a little as she continued speaking, cursing at herself for being led around by a couple angels less than half her age. "First, if I ever find out that you were lying about things you've said tonight, I will report it without a second thought.

"Second, any newsworthy scoop on you should come to me regardless of the nature of the news, if possible. Third, you cannot knowingly give me false information.

"Fourth, if Ms. Blaze loses her potential or becomes infamous for any reason, I get to write about what happened tonight. Finally, let's promise that we will make this relationship as mutually beneficial as possible," she finished, hoping she had covered all avenues.

Astrid's hand on Blaze's body was distracting and Clio's mind wasn't working at its best. The countess's fingers had finally reached his cock and they slowly and deliberately walked across his length.

Blaze began to ponder over her conditions, but Astrid suddenly cupped his balls, leaned in to his ear and whispered, "Trust me and say yes."

"Okay!" Blaze breathed out, as he felt her moist lips flit across his ear.

"It's a deal then," Clio agreed, beginning to question if Astrid was charming both her and the Fury.

"Good. Since that's taken care of, you can leave Ms. Clio," Astrid told her offhandedly, giving Blaze's chin a lick as she wrapped her fingers around his girth.

"My hands are still tied!" Clio complained, feeling a little flustered.

Astrid shot up to her feet before Blaze could even react. She quickly undid Clio's bonds and threw the ribbons into her space ring. "Well, off you go! Blaze and I have some unfinished business, so we may be here for a while," she told Clio with a pat on her back. "Unless you wish to watch, Ms. Clio?" she added as an afterthought when Clio gave no indication of leaving.

"It - really isn't a charm?" she asked Blaze, ignoring Astrid.

"Nope. But Astrid should answer that."

"That depends on you, I guess," Astrid said thoughtfully, forcing Clio to turn back towards her. "It doesn't charm you out of your will like the Huldra charm, but it does make you feel really good. Think of it like a delicious dish or a good massage, that makes you come back for more."

"Hmm. That makes sense," Clio said, trying to steel herself. Her innate curiosity and the nature of her profession left only one option. "Please, let me try it, Ms. Blaze," she asked him sincerely.

Blaze intensely watched her disheveled shuffling figure. He had yet to fuck a petite angel in Azra-El and the thought of finally doing it sent excitement coursing through his body. Despite their height, Rin and Lin were fit and decently endowed.

An image of Clio wrapped up in ribbons crossed his mind and he considered tying her up again, but he didn't think bondage was the best idea as a starter. Maybe some other time. He got up and sauntered slowly walked towards them. Without warning, he pulled Astrid into his arms and locked her in a fierce kiss.
