 April 27, 2006

I'm in a serious dilemma. My name is Valentine Winters. Yeah, I know stupid name right? My mom was a romantic what can I say. This is the first diary I've ever kept. I had to tell someone. Oh, back to my dilemma...It all started three weeks ago today. I was walking to my mailbox, and low and behold, lightning struck me. I don't remember much about the incident, but all I can say is I haven't been the same since. You've heard that April showers bring May flowers...well they also bring thunderstorms, and this one was bad.

Just so you know, I've been dating a wonderful guy for the past six months. His name is Turner Jenkins. He's handsome, charming, intelligent, and I'm head over heels for him. We met at a bar...can you believe that? Me, Miss Goody Two Shoes! I've never gone to parties, I was the one who actually studied in college. When my co-workers hang out on Fridays, I never get invited. Yes, I'm a dork, but apparently Turner doesn't see that in me. Thank the Lord! I have no idea why he chose me as a girlfriend, but I'm glad he did. 

Back to that day...I was getting my mail because I forgot to pick it up this morning on my way to work. I work at a market research company. We do everything from tennis shoes to pharmaceuticals. It's really a cool job but on with the story. It was only sprinkling, but the flashes of lightning in the background were evident. I didn't think it would ever hit me, but that's always been my problem because I just don't ever think. I had just opened the metal mailbox door when I remember seeing a bright light flash around me. Duh, it's metal, in a thunderstorm, what was I thinking? I woke up in the hospital three days later with Turner by my side. From what he told me, my neighbor Mrs. Pickens saw what happened and called the ambulance. That reminds me, I need to buy the old bag flowers for her birthday next week. I was lucky that it struck the post of the mailbox instead of hitting me directly. It blew the mailbox completely out of the ground and across the yard. It blew me across the street in the opposite direction. Anyway, I'm lucky to be here...yada, yada, yada.

That's not the problem. My problem came afterwards. I haven't talked to my doctor to see if it's normal or not. Honestly, I'm afraid they will lock me up inside some institute to study me. You see, after I woke up in the hospital I had changed. The change wasn't so evident at first sight, but people did notice it after a few days. There was a certain...okay not to be punny, but a certain spark about me that I hadn't had before. I began to feel tingles throughout my body that I never felt before. To be truthful, I love it but it was scaring the hell out of me. It was the following Friday before the other stuff started to happen. I was at work when I noticed that I had left my pen on the other side of my cubicle. I was on the phone, and needed it. I stretched out my hand and voila it was in my hand without ever having to pick it up. I dropped the phone. That's not the worst of it! 

My co-worker Susan Townsend was walking while reading the newest memo, and I FORESAW Kip Garrison backing into her. So I caught her before she fell flat on her ass. I was on the other side of the room before it happened. How is that possible? Things like that happened nearly every day. I prevented my boss from spilling his coffee on his new shirt before the staff meeting by simply making it disappear from his office before he attempted to walk down the hall toward the conference room with it. I moved Tommy's skateboard out of the driveway three doors down without touching it, so his dad didn't run over it again. I like Tommy. He always delivers my newspaper directly to my door instead of just throwing it. 

I turned my coffee pot on in the morning, laid out all my clothes, and made toast all without ever climbing out of bed. It's wonderful to sleep in! The problem with the things I was doing was that I didn't realize I was doing them. I simply THOUGHT them, and BAM it happened. I tried to control it by not thinking about it, but sometimes...I just couldn't help myself. I didn't want Turner to discover my secret, but it was hard to hide it. I was getting paranoid about being around him, but it was hard to stay away from him. What am I going to do?

May 15, 2006

Turner showed up at my house yesterday evening with a bottle of wine and a grin on his face. We fixed pasta and popped open the wine to drink with our meal. Turner sat next to me at the table and played with my leg as we ate. He ran his hands up and down my leg and up under my skirt. I found myself opening my legs giving him access to what he wanted. Our sex life was wonderful. He made me wet at any given touch. That night however, proved that it was only going to get better.

After we had completed our meal, we moved our playing into the bedroom. He pulled my clothes off, and kissed every inch of my body in the process. I could feel tingles running up and down my spine as his lips worked their magic. I made quick work of taking off his clothes and we headed to the bed. I sat on the edge, and pulled him close. His large penis stood proudly in front of me, begging for my touch and caress. I leaned forward and flicked my tongue out to tease the tip. It jumped at the contact. I felt his hands weave into my hair. I darted my tongue out once more, but stayed long enough to wet the entire head. I watched as he threw his head back and groaned. I had gotten the reaction that I wanted, so I went in for the kill. I engulfed the entire length in one swoop. His hand tightened in my hair, and his other hand came up to rest on my shoulder. I sucked his length until he was grunting over me.

I raised my head until our eyes met. His eyes was sparkling with desire. I was thrilled to see that I could make him want me that badly. I started to crawl further up onto the bed, and watched him follow me. He lay between my legs as my head reached the pillows. He spread my legs and leaned forward to give my clit a quick kiss before spreading the lips apart and inserting a finger. My moist heat surrounded his fingers and lured them inside. He fingered fucked me until I could feel my juices running down my crevice. He pulled away and sucked his fingers clean. I watched him lean in and lick at my juices. His tongue flicked up and down my slit. I reached down to pull the sensitive tissue apart and raise my hips to aid him. He sucked my clit into his mouth and nibbled ever so gently until I was moaning loudly. 

He frantically licked and sucked until I gave way to the need and cried out in ecstasy. He thrust two fingers back inside to feel the throbbing tissue around them. He pulled them out and quickly sat up onto his knees. He pulled my legs around him and sunk his hot member deep into me. I bucked my hips as he pounded into me. The sensation was out of this world. I felt another orgasm coming, so I screamed his name. He pushed in deeply, and waited for it to come. I played with my clit until I felt it wash over me. I tightened the muscles of my womb and felt a jolt travel down my body. He must have felt it too because he immediately bucked and cried out in his own release. When the last of the tremors subsided, he jerked and cried out again. I watched in awe as he sunk down into the bed after a few minutes completely exhausted. I curled up next to him even though he was sideways on the bed, and we fell asleep. 

He woke me sometime during the night and told me that what ever I had done when I had my orgasm was unbelievable. It had made him have multiple orgasms which he'd never had before. He wanted to see if I could do it again. We kissed and touched until he was hard once more. I turned onto my stomach and raised my hips so he could enter from behind. He slid into my warm cunt and began to fuck me. He pushed me down into the mattress until I lay flat. He cupped my breasts in his hands and kissed my neck as he filled me to the brim. I wiggled my ass as he moved over me. The pressure was building, but I needed more contact. I rolled over so he could lift my legs over his shoulders and sink even deeper into me. I watched his face turn red as he strained to withhold his release. I felt myself gush as I came. The jolt was there. It was stronger this time, making me quiver as it racked my body. He yelled out as it grabbed a hold of him. He filled me with his seed and then yelled seconds later as even more shot out of him. He pulled it out, and I watched as it shot a load onto my stomach. It pulsed several times shooting more and more until I was covered with his cum. It was almost like someone had taken a bucket of the stuff and just dumped it on me. I was impressed. When at last his faucet quit leaking, he fell backwards onto his side with a groan. His body was shaking. He said that every single nerve in his body was under attack as though someone had taken a defibrillator and shocked him with it. 

I had to tell him. He laid there in shock as I demonstrated my 'gifts'. He took it far better than I gave him credit for. He not only thought it was awesome, but he asked me to marry him. He said any girl that could make coffee while still in bed, and give a man orgasm like THAT wasn't about to get away from him. 

Dear Diary,

We were married four weeks later. I wish I could say we lived happily ever after, but it was far better than that!