 Last night, I drifted off to sleep in a blissful daze as Jack read to me, and I kept getting little flashes of our life together 10, 20, 50 years down the road. They were peaceful thoughts, and sleep found me quickly... 

I dreamed in fragments of gold and blue for a while. There were only streaks of color, and I felt lost in the never ending sea of hues and tones. I could not find my bearings but knew the overwhelming color was only a transition into the dream world, and slowly I began to make out the silhouettes of trees and tall grasses. I could hear frogs groaning and birds singing, a brook was babbling behind me. I was sitting among wild flowers of which no name was known, at least I had never seen flowers like these with petals so heavy the stems bent and a scent so strong it could make you feel dizzy. The tall flowers were more beautiful than the colorful streaks that impeded my vision upon entering this place. 

I could not see the tops of any of the trees that provided so much shade over the ground in which their roots were buried so deep. I could hear all the different sounds of the critters those canopies housed. I noticed silver and gold streaks running through the tree trunks and into the branches and leaves. The flowers had glowing streams of blue and green - some kind of liquid - running through their stems and petals. Even the frogs appeared illuminated from the soft glow of pink and purple coming off the lily pads. The forest was magical and sang its own song that echoed off the trees, reverberated through the ground and into my bones. I wanted so badly to explore, to meet new life form, to study my surroundings until they felt like home, but I found myself walking in a direction that must have been predetermined for me by some force in this dark, glowing forest as my feet moved without me telling them to. 

I tripped over roots and got caught in parts of the path that were blocked by branches and spider webs. My feet, acting like magnets, kept moving with distinct direction and purpose. The comforting humidity that met me in this place had turned to an overwhelming burden as I quickened my pace. My breaths became shortened and strained, and sweat was rolling down my forehead. All of my senses were heightened as the forest consumed me and I could feel my muscles getting tense. A low humming vibrated through me and quickly invaded my ears as a pair of eyes appeared in the shadows. I jumped back, startled and confused. I did not expect to find other humans in this wonderful, majestic place. Humans never let anything blossom with such freedom the way this place had, and the resources in would be completely diminished if humans discovered their value. There was a rustle among the plants and the sun broke through an opening in one of the canopies revealing ten monks who all stood in front of me gently smiling. Their bodies, or what part I could see of them, were painted with streaks of blue and gold, green and purple, and the dark velvet of their hooded robes made them blend with the forest. Only the whites of their eyes set them apart from the trunks of the ancient trees and the luminescent foliage. 

I remained stagnant and attempted to take in my surroundings but the sun had disappeared again and the cloak of humid darkness became too much to bear. The humming, I now realized, was coming from the monks and it grew louder as they made their way over to me. I opened my mouth to speak but instead was filled with the thick humid air that suffocated me and caused my movements to slow considerably. The monks did not seem to notice my struggles or attempts to communicate with them, or if they did notice they definitely didn't care. I felt fingertips on my shoulders and jumped out of my skin, but was immediately comforted by one voice that had made its way closer to me than the others. I could feel lips on my ear lobes vibrating, but then there was a break in the low humming as the rest of the monks, still somewhat distant from me, kept up with the song. A deep breath followed the pause and I waited in complete silence as my mind raced over all the possibilities of what my time with these monks would bring. A deep sigh escaped the monk and his breath lingered around me, mixing with the thick, humid air and settling on my skin. I smelled ginger, tea leaves, incense and...Did I smell pussy on his breath? Surely it was just a similar scent coming off of the plants or was lingering from some animal that was in mating season. The smell intensified as the monk breathed in even deeper, keeping his lips right up against my ear lobe, and as he let out that second breath he whispered, "What are you doing here, girl?" 

Chills ran down my spine. The monk did not have the voice I expected him to. Instead of a warm robust voice that would have matched the comforting essence of the forest, the monk let out a deep, raspy growl and his fingertips traced my shoulder blades as he waited for my response. I shut my eyes even though I could hardly make out anything among the darkness and the once enchanting songs of the birds and creaking of the trees unsettled me now. I felt the fingertips fall from my shoulders and two hands swiftly picked me up. I heard footsteps behind us as the other monks followed and continued their low humming, blending with the trees and darkness. My head rested on the monk's warm, muscular chest and his velvet robe draped over me, as if he was trying to hide me from something or someone. I let my body curl into his until we came to a clearing in the forest and as I turned my head to see where they'd taken me I was met by a blindfold. I did not have the time to process what was happening or to make an attempt to protest; I was passed to someone else without the parties exchanging a single word - only humming. My body and mind were slowly becoming accustomed to the silence of this world, but now in my forced isolation from sight, the silence seemed much louder. 

I let the low humming from the monks and muffled sounds of the foreign life around me take over my body as I was carried for what felt like ages. Whoever or whatever carried me smelled like the other monks did - tea leaves, ginger, incense...pussy - I could not mistake that smell for anything else. The combination of scents intensified as the figure carried me down stairs and through winding hallways. After taking what seemed like hundreds of turns and going down numerous flights of stairs, I heard a door creak open and the aroma overwhelmed me. The blindfold kept me in darkness as I felt my body meet a flat wooden surface. I stayed completely still waiting for the blindfold to be taken off, but my chauffeur was busy tending to what sounded like pots and pans. The air was even thicker in this place than in the forest and I figured I had to be underground in some kind of structure. It was musty and smelled the way an old book does; I wondered if I was in an ancient library of some sort or perhaps a temple that housed thousands of original manuscripts about rituals and beliefs of this life form. My thoughts were interrupted as the figure made its way toward me and I suddenly felt two hands playing with my hair. 

"Where am I?" My voice sounded so loud in the otherwise completely silent room and I heard a small scoff from the figure. 

The hands playing with my hair moved down my neck, traced my shoulder blades, arms, hands, fingers, then moved to my stomach and ripped some of the earth tone fabric that draped over my body. I let out a small gasp and instinctively moved my hands to cover my exposed breasts in protest, but the figure immediately took each one and placed them in what felt like thick metal cuffs that must have been attached to the wooden table somehow. I could hear chain links colliding with one another and even though I could still move my arms, the chains felt heavy and inescapable. 

"Please tell me where I am," I asked again, attempting to keep a calm cadence to my voice but my breath was quicker now and there was an undertone of fear that was completely obvious. My question was met with silence as more fabric fell from my body and I felt the musty air on my bare pussy. I imagined my knees as magnets and tried to push them together tightly, but my attempts were laughable in comparison to the monk's strength. 

"Keep your legs spread, girl," and I felt his hot breath linger around me as his hands spread my knees apart. His lips lightly grazed my neck and as his teeth gently sank into my skin I let out a small cry. 

"I don't have anything on me that would be of value to you, I swear," and for a moment the figure paused, scoffed again, and I heard him walking away from the table or whatever it was I was laying on. He rang a small bell three times. I heard a door open and another set of footsteps and assumed it was a fellow monk, and I allowed myself a second of hope thinking maybe he was here to release me, but not too soon after his arrival he was gone again. I was truly at the mercy of my captor. Footsteps grew nearer and a faint aroma of baked bread and cheese met my nostrils. When was the last time I'd eaten? It felt like I had been traveling between dream worlds for ages before ending up here. My mouth watered a bit, and even though the blindfold kept me in the dark, I could hear the figure mechanically chewing and swallowing. A small groan followed each bite and my stomach let out a loud growl. 

"Are you hungry, girl?" His raspy voice that I doubt had been used in the last century or so startled me out of bread crumbed day dreams. 

"A little, but I will not eat before you tell me where I am and what you want with me," I said, determined to sound iron-willed and not like a famished, captive girl. 

"Suit yourself," and with that I listened to my captor eat every last bite of the only food we would receive for what seemed like days. Hours seemed to pass after that in complete silence. As I lay still on the uncomfortable surface I heard the figure mumbling what sounded like a prayer in his native tongue. He repeated the prayer countless times and simultaneously rang bells. I am assuming there were multiple bells because the sounds were impossibly beautiful and echoed off the walls that held me there with this strange creature. The songs he played were soothing and familiar, and some almost sounded like lullabies that I loved as a child. I longed to be back in that world, away from this strange place where I was now on display for some spiritual, inhuman figure. I allowed myself to get lost in his music, and with each note a piece of me detached from those dark, musty quarters and I imagined myself in meadows with honeysuckle and trees filled with fruit. I got lost in those imaginary meadows for quite some time until silence fell upon us once again. 

The bells had stopped for quite some time and the monk's heavy breathing accompanied by occasional snoring was all I had to listen to apart from my own thoughts which had turned to utter chaos. I had lost my sense of time completely, and even if I were to somehow get out of these cuffs, or out of this room, I had no idea where I was or what I would face once I opened the door into their world. I settled in my captivity and waited. 

Three bells rang out again and woke me from a light sleep. My arms, still cuffed, rested slightly above my head and I could only move them an inch or so whereas before the figure rested for the night I was able to move them fairly easily. I soon realized my ankles had been cuffed in addition to the increased restraint and panic began to set in. A low humming met my ears and the figure's warm breath was on my neck. 

"Are you hungry, girl?" I heard the door open and the same aroma followed those familiar footsteps. The warm bread and cheese smelled intoxicating and my stomach answered him for me but I was set on getting answers or at the very least not owing anything to my captor. 

"At least tell me how long I've been here," I pleaded, knowing it was probably useless, and just as I opened my mouth to follow up with more questions I felt the ball gag cut me off. Tears gathered behind my eyes and soon ran down my cheeks as I felt the straps secured tightly around my head. I let out a muffled groan and tried screaming but it was no use. I returned to silent agony while my captor ate his food slowly, taunting me by placing pieces of bread under my nose and lightly laughing. I did not want their food or resources, I simply wanted to be free to roam about the dream worlds, but my purpose here needed to be served first. Still blindfolded and unable to move with the exception of my hips and torso, and now unable to speak, I was cornered into submission. I listened as the figure finished his meal and his meditation proceeded with the exact same prayer but this time I did not hear the beautiful bells and their lullabies. Instead, I heard... 

I was partially brought out of the dream as Jack's voice cut into the silent meditation of my captor, and I heard Jack - or was it the monk? - tell me to lie on my side.  

The meditation continued and I could feel the monk's face resting between my legs while his lips vibrated from humming and murmured praying. He rested them on my clit, causing my hips to writhe and my pussy to clench - I let out a faint moan as he pushed his fingers inside of me. 

My hips swiveled back and forth as Jack positioned himself between my legs, and in one swift motion he was inside of me. My confused body twisted and tried to push him away but it was no use. I was fading in and out of sleep quickly, not fully processing where I was or who I was. 

The ball gag was cutting off my moans and cries as the monk's fingers fell in perfect harmony with his tongue, and all at once my determination to escape him faded and my body gave into the pleasure. Occasionally he would stop and say a line of the prayer that was so familiar to me now, and a low hum would escape him each time he buried his face in my pussy. 

Confusion and pleasure combined as the monk worshiped my body for some sort of ritual and Jack used me like a whore. My eyes struggled to adjust to my surroundings as the dreaming and waking world blended and formed into one where only one variable was constant - I was meant to be fucked. 

My desire to be used and to cum was more than obvious as my hips moved in a way that pushed my pussy harder into the monk's face, but tears still streamed down my cheeks as the wooden surface drove into my back and the ball gag was making breathing difficult. I had been captive for what felt like days, and as the monk figure drove his fingers deeper into my pussy, and his tongue settled on my clit, my will to serve him intensified. 

I could barely see Jack; his silhouette greeted me as my eyes attempted to adjust once more to what was around me. Was I in that temple with Jack all along? Where were those beautiful bells playing lullabies? I was confused and disoriented but still my hips swiveled beneath him and I could feel the tension in my body rising as cum built up in me. I let out small, sleepy moans as I readied myself to serve Jack and the Monk with cum, the way they needed me to.  

"So you wake up getting used like a whore and your reaction is to cum? Well I'm going to cum in you then." I was back in the waking world, serving Jack with my body the only way I knew how. He drove his perfect cock in and out of me and his muscles tensed against my body. My ass slapped against his hips and my pussy juices covered his cock as I released all the tension in my body and buried my face into the mattress; we came together. 