 When love returns.

An older nymph finds love in the arms of a young boy and she is torn between her desire for his love and the urgent need to feed her nymphen hunger.

It had become so much more complex than she remembered this process of transformation. So many passport issues and bank account transfers. The lawyer lying comatose on the bed across the room would manage all of that for her. She caught sight of her naked body in the mirror. At 40 she was still breathtakingly beautiful. The honey blonde hair that stayed with her through each transformation and the petite girlish figure with small firm shapely breasts and rounded curves that made her so appealing to older men had served her well over the last twenty odd years. 

Indeed the last time she had fucked the aging legal eagle she had been a nubile almost virginal nymph. He had revelled in the opportunity to ravish her in his office ripping her tiny bikini panties aside and ramming into her from behind leaving her panties soaked with virgin blood and hot cum. He had kept them. That had become her trademark over the generations of sex she had with men. She would leave them with her cum soaked underwear. The faintest scent of her on the gossamer fabric invoked olfactory memories that filled their fanatically obsessed senses with the sheer excitement of their lovemaking.

The hunger grew more insistent with each day. Over the last few times before she had succumbed to her renewal she had delayed the inevitable transformation longer and longer wanting to feel the effects of age on her life and thoughts. This time she found herself ravenous for male pleasure and enticed groups of men to take her repeatedly. Her hunger was so intense that she became indiscriminate about who and when and where she would entice men to be with her. She was aware of her almost insane nymphomaniac urges but had continued to postpone the inevitable. The lawyer lying on the bed had been her fifth for the day. She had needed his explosion in her mouth in the car on their way to her apartment as much as she welcomed his wild entry to her hot wet pussy and the ultimate anal penetration that sent him into the pleasured coma where he now lay.

Her scent drew them to her like flies around a honey-pot. She felt their lustful gaze scan her lithe form and felt the sweet tingle that alerted her of their attention. The fine bristling of an electric charge that told her how much a man wanted her and how intense his desire was. Her nervous system was like highly tuned 'sexual radar' that picked up the raw attraction of any man to her. The orgasms of virgins and men who had abstained from sex for long periods of time poured masses of endorphin generated energy into her. Grace was a nymph and this was the energy that fuelled her immortality. 

She dressed hurriedly in a black tailored business suit. Wearing exquisitely luxurious silver grey lingerie beneath- a silk camisole top visible beneath her jacket revealed her bra-less cleavage matching hipster bikini panties hugged her inviting curves. The skin toned silk stockings and suspender belt that drew attention to her long shapely legs were hidden beneath a knee length tailored skirt that highlighted her sumptuous round buns clinging to them like a second skin.

The hunger increased as she hailed a cab to up town to her office. The cab driver inhaled her sweet intoxicating scent, scanned her lithe form resting his eyes on her exposed cleavage. Grace entered the front seat knowing she would have to have him before the journey ended, the hunger was just too persistent.

'Do you mind if I sit in the front with you. She purred. The cab driver took no convincing and as she sat beside him he shivered with desire as the hem of her skirt rose to reveal her stocking tops and creamy thighs. He watched mesmerised as she wriggled seductively in the seat her hem revealing glimpses of grey silk panties. She smiled at him suggestively and followed his eyes to he crotch then buckled the seatbelt and leant across to whisper in his ear.

'See anything you want Honey? She purred.

He moved the car into traffic conscious that she was already caressing his shirt buttons and nibbling his ear in between breathy sighs that indicated her arousal. He let one hand fall to her panties and felt the wetness grow beneath his touch. She sighed and murmured in his ear and without a word began tracing the outline of his growing erection in his pants with her long pink fingernails. He felt the shivers of excitement overtake him keeping his eye on the road. His other hand massaging her clitoris through the wafer thin panties until she began eliciting moans of appreciation.

She unzipped him and circled his cock with her long fingers and peeled back the foreskin expertly until his excitement extended to full length. She stroked him with a featherlike touch and he felt the insistent throbs of his excitement fill his body with a rush of endorphins. It had been six months since a prostitute had gratefully paid her fare by paying him in sex. His cock was throbbing uncontrollably. She was good, very good. Her murmurs and pants accelerated and she squealed in orgasm easily into his ear and writhed sexily in her seat. He let go of her pussy and returned his hand to the wheel to negotiate the traffic. When next he looked at her she was bending over him her ruby lipped mouth about to touch his cock.

Julian reached carefully to the back of the large robe in his room. He thought of it as his room these days as he had occupied it many times since his sister had come to work for the Honeyton agency and been given the apartment as part of her salary package. At 26 his older sister was doing well for herself she had position as a designer at one of the most prestigious and exclusive lingerie manufacturers and modelling agencies in the world. With the job she had been given a car and an apartment. Honeyton's treated their employees extremely well. 

He found what he was looking for. A glossy promotional magazine circa 1983 with pictures of one young girl dressed in the now legendary butterfly effect collection of lingerie. The young woman in the magazine had been Julian's obsession since he first found the magazine at the back of the cupboard three years ago. Each time he visited his sister he retrieved it from the rear of the cupboard where he carefully concealed it His heart raced as he thumbed through his favourite pages containing the petite teenage beauty posing in luxurious and sexy 80's lingerie. He felt his erection growing as the fantasy he had fashioned filled his imagination. It was always the same scenario. He would meet her they would chat then move to kissing and his hands would feel her perfect body warn beneath the shiny diaphanous lingerie.

He thumbed nervously to the middle of the magazine. There between the pages was a tiny pair of panties so fine that they barely showed between the pages when the magazine was closed. He felt the weightlessness of them in his hand and enjoyed the smooth shiny silk. With the magazine open to his favourite page and the panties held excitedly in his hand he returned to his bed and positioned the pillows lengthwise so he could imagine they were her body he slipped the panties over one end of the pillow and then thumbed to his favourite pictures of her in virginal white. 

Panties with tiny butterflies just like those on the pillow in front of him hugging her angelic frame. A tiny low cut-matching bra where each of the cups was butterfly wings crushing her small perfect globes into an irresistible cleavage. Julian kissed the pillow gently, lovingly. There was no room in the fantasy for haste. He touched her imaginary breasts lovingly and then caressed her gusset until he felt her excitement. He kissed his way down her chest, lingering to suckle her jellybean-sized nipples and pausing briefly to adore her flat tummy and then kissed her panties sweetly.

The faintest scent of her womanhood filled his senses. No matter how impossible traces of feminine juices could be on twenty-year old panties it was always this that triggered his erection to blossom into fullness. He kissed the shiny panty front and sucked in the fine fabric pressing his lips against her imaginary clitoris and listening to her exclamations of desire. When he felt he had brought her to the edge of desire he rose to kiss her and fumbled with his fly to remove his cock. He yanked the panties to one side and hurriedly entered her hot wet tight pussy.

'I Love you Grace' he moaned longingly.

At 19 Julian was a virgin of sorts. Apart from humping his panty clad pillow he had never had penetrative sex with a live woman. That wasn't to say Julian was a frustrated adolescent who had no opportunity. On the contrary he was tall and athletic and with a Latin lover European look. Dark hair and deep blue eyes, over six feet tall and the kind of brooding gentleness that made lots of girls and women want him to fuck or mother. Julian however resisted. He was saving his virginity for love. With his looks and personality there had been no shortage of offers and women had used their hands and mouth on him regularly and he had learnt how to be effective with his own hands and mouth so that the women he dated were satisfied. Nevertheless the strength of character he held to not just rip into the willing vaginas of countless women in his life seemed to make him even more desirable. Certainly with his sister's group of friends, many of who were stunning models there was a standing joke that they were running a book on who would claim his substantial cock inside them. Julian though was resolute his cum was for Grace or for someone who he loved like her. His orgasm sprayed the pillowcase and he lay in her arms declaring his undying love as waves of endorphins passed over him.

Grace had taken the cab drivers cock deep into her throat so that he arched his back with the shock of the wet tight mouth around him so expertly. Her fingernails grazed his balls easily coaxing his copious stockpile of cum to elicit more excited throbs from him. She slid her moth off his shaft and let her saliva dribble over the tip in drops and then kissed the tip to the accompaniment of his throbs and ecstatic moans. When his cock went don her throat again and she rode his shaft vigorously it was all over he had cum as she plunged down on his cock and shot a hot sticky load deep into her throat. Grace revelled in the orgasmic fuel that flowed through his endorphins to her receptors. She swallowed and consumed the life giving sticky fluid he pumped into her that sustained her long and sexy life. The cabbie drove as if in autopilot. 'Pull into the carpark.' 

It was the first time she had spoken to him since she got into the cab. He felt compelled to do anything she asked he was in some delicious trance. She licked his shaft clean and slid his spent erection back into his pants glanced at the meter and took out a hundred dollar bill and shoved it in the pocket of this shirt. 

'Keep the change' she purred as she left the cab.

The cabbie watched her shapely form disappear into the large corporate building that was Honeyton Enterprises. 

Grace smiled at the security guard and hurried to the elevator. The executive meeting today would pass the responsibility from her to her younger sister who was arriving from Paris later this week. The three men who were integral to her inner circle and the running of the company were each brilliant businessmen she had poached from other companies using her irresistible charms. They were fanatically devoted to her and had been since she assumed the head designers role some fifteen years ago following her highly successful modelling career. The Butterfly Effect lingerie line had been so pervasive that it was estimated that most women aged between 16 and 50 had at least one item in their lingerie drawer. She felt the hunger pass over her again. She had truly left it too long this time. The longer she left it the older she began to look and feel. 

The meeting was over almost before it started all she had left to do was sign the few forms her corporate lawyer presented. She stood and peeled off her black tailored jacket and moved forward to embrace him. He kissed her urgently and let his hands slide under her skirt to caress her warm firm buns.

' Eddie I want you inside my pussy. I'm so wet for you!' She un buckled his belt and let his pants slip to the floor and motioned him to sit on the sofa. He obediently stepped from his pants, removed his shorts and sat holding his erection. Grace unbuttoned her skirt and shimmied it to the floor standing in front of her accountant clad in her grey silk camisole, panties stockings and suspenders. She kissed him and he immediately slid his hand beneath her camisole and caressed her hard nipples and cupped her firm little tits eagerly.

'I want you to fuck my hot little ass hole Benny Darling!'

The black man panted excitedly as she undid his pants and then stepped back and peeled off her top. Her beautiful breasts not quite as firm as her adolescents but maintaining their exquisite shape into her forties. She walked to the third man as Benny finished stripping to reveal his huge black cock. The CEO was an impressive man too and was already removing his pants as Grace approached him.

Always ahead of me aren't you Donald, or always wanting my head, you want my mouth of course. ' She giggled.

She kissed him and caressed his erection lovingly.

They had done this before with her both individually and as a group. She was so hot they all wanted her to writhe beneath their thrusts and feel the spray of their excitement fill her every orifice. They had all fucked her as a teenage model and all wanted her now with equal ardour.

Grace straddled the seated lawyer guiding his rock hard shaft to her wet pussy. Dribbles of her excitement rolled down the thick shaft and she plunged down deep on it. She rode him slowly as he fondled her breasts and kissed her fervently. His cock plunging into her tightness with a resolute slapping sound that betrayed the intensity and urgency of her desire and his pulse and breath rate doubled as he felt he was running a marathon in side her hot wet cunt.

The black lawyer had been growing harder watching his colleague fill her wetness. He came up behind and parted her buns gently with one enormous hand and shoved a thick thumb into her ass hole.

'OOOOOOOH YES do my tight hole darling!'

Benny wasted no time in pressing his thick head against her ass hole and entered her confidently holding her luscious hips between his hands and thrusting alternately into her between his colleague's entries.

Grace began to scream and writhe in pleasure she was beginning a long and numerous orgasmic session and it seemed that each thrust took her to greater and greater heights of intensity.

Donald moved around to the front of the chair and positioned himself so she could lean forward and take his cock in her hands and guide it to her mouth. In moments three cocks slammed into her without slipping out or missing a beat. Her screams and moans of pleasure muffled by the huge cock that occupied her mouth. She came time and time again. Each time it felt as if their cocks would be crushed by her tightness. She would shiver uncontrollably. Their hands were all over her body clutching her hair, pawing her breasts and ass cheeks the men built to fever pitch. Grace felt their uncontrolled throbs and the flurry of high voltage energy that heralded their ejaculation was eminent. She slid off the cock in her mouth briefly and cried urgently:

'CUM IN ME NOW!'

Simultaneously they felt her lock onto their swollen aching cocks. They erupted like volcanoes each pumping torrents of cum into her. Moaning ecstatically the glazed hypnotic state that always accompanied orgasms with her called coupling. She sucked their plentiful juices into her and felt the waves of endorphins synchronise with her own and pass over them all like a warm damp breeze. Each vibrating almost imperceptibly as they resonated together blissfully. 

Grace felt sated for the first time today. The executives rested bleary eyed in the armchairs as she dressed. She had wiped the residue of her own orgasm with her grey silk panties and left them with the CEO. Reward for services rendered. She hurried to her office and packed the few things she needed to take with her and hailed another cab to return home so that she could move to her secret apartment where she would regenerate her tired hungry body. 

She re entered the building just as a tall handsome young man alighted from the elevator. He looked at her as if she knew her. Something about him was familiar. Surely if he was an employee he would have noticed him. He was such a hunk! She felt an unfamiliar feeling of coyness as he walked up to her. She knew she wanted him instantly- lust at first site' but there was something else. Something in how he looked at her and how that made her feel. It was nothing like the look of lust most men gave her.

'Hi your Grace Honeyton aren't you. You don't know me, well you may know my sister Rachel who works for you but I'm a big fan of yours. I…'

He was stumbling on his words like a clumsy adolescent. Grace giggled like a teenager. She felt the intense vibrations of his virginity but the other sensation was…

' Grace I love you, I've loved you from the first moment I saw you in that 1983 magazine launch of the Butterfly Effect. I mean you know I'm a big fan and...'

Grace took his hand and led him back into the elevator. The doors closed behind them.

'You say you love me, show me how much.'

She reached her arms around him and they kissed. Grace wanted him urgently, immediately. His kiss was long and engaging, wet and deep. She longed for him to touch her. To reach beneath her skirt to her naked pussy and take her right here, right now. The doors opened into her penthouse suite and they broke the embrace.

'There's Champaign in the bar fridge pur us both a glass. I need a shower. You can watch if you like.' She flirted.

Grace peeled off her jacket and slid from her crumpled suit revealing her creamy thighs and curvaceous body clad only in stockings and suspenders. She kicked off her shoes and unclasped the suspenders rolling down her stockings quickly. She looked over to the love struck boy and promised herself one last exquisite night. 

Julian had navigated the bar and opened a bottle of Verve pouring it into two longs stemmed crystal glasses and followed the lithe naked form toward the bathroom. She was as beautiful naked as he had imagined. She smiled at him as she turned on the shower and ran the hot water over her body cleansing the funk of four men's ardour from her silken skin. Julian gazed at her thru the clear glass panel and the rising steam. She finished promptly and wrapped a towel around her and led him into the bedroom. 

'Butterfly Effect 1983' she mused to herself as she rummaged through her panty drawer. She found the white silk model she remembered had been the big hit with the men and dropped the towel to slip them on. She walked to a nearby mirrored robe door and slid it backward and chose a short tight halter dress. She slid the dress over her luscious form as he stood daydreaming and holding the champaign. 

'There is that how you imagined it… what was your name?'

'Julian, yes perfect that dress is lovely. You look so good in anything and and…'

His eyes glazed over again.

'And nothing, its ok I like you seeing me naked. Shall we go back to the lounge? 

She led him back to the lounge and they sat in a love seat lounge, her dangerously short dress rising to show off her butterflies. Her breasts crushed together in a cleavage with the perky nipples showing in outline. They both drank large gulps of the wine and Grace took the wine from him and set them both on a coffee table.
