 My name is Cat, and as many of you know I live in a fancy (for a college student) apartment building out looking one of Michigan's famous lakes. 

It was on this bustling cold December night I happened to realize it was Christmas Eve. Our tree was out, my roommate and her own dog away with family, but I and my border collie Avy sat alone watching the dark waves crash outside our building. 

I hummed. Christmas cookies were in the oven baking, I was almost salivating thinking about it. It was really too bad I had to be alone on Christmas Eve...

"Well," I sighed, "Even if no one else will see me I can have my own Christmas. And dress myself up for my own fun." 

Skipping to my bedroom the first thing my fingers found was my signature kitten choker collar, complete with a round golden bell. Giggling a bit I fasten it, thinking of all the famous stories of reindeer and jingling bells around their own necks. Next I strip down to bare nothing's and dig though my favorite gear.

The buzzer startles me just as I finish lubing up a cherry red diamond plug, it's larger than normal but such a beautiful ruby red. I slip it inside me and bite my lip hard to keep in a moan, although I don't have to since I'm alone. 

I walk through my apartment naked except for the choker, its bell jingles as I bend down wiggling my ass for the world to see as I remove the cookie sheet from the oven. 

The minute I turn around I swear my heart drops. 

And so do the cookies, onto the counter at least. 

"Ho. Ho, hoe..." he says, staring at me through the bushiest set of white eyebrows and curly beard I've ever seen. 

I'm shaking, how did he get here? Who the hell is this? And why is he dressed like Santa?

"Who are you?" I say with a raspy voice, I'm embarrassed but at the same time my inner woman is more excited to see such an older gentleman taking in my naked appearance. 

We're only separated by the counter, and I flinch when he reaches towards me, only to realize he's grabbing a cookie. I watch him carefully, like an old man peel off his heavily used black gloves, resting them on the counter I watch his weathered old hands reach for a cookie. His eyes are such a bright blue, reflecting that inside he is young and wild still. 

My nipples suddenly erect and pink at attention, I can't help but squeeze my legs together and feel the plug inside my tight ass.

"Down to business then." He wipes crumbs from his furry lips and finally looks at me again. "Cat. You've been naughty this year." He smiles knowingly. I can't help but stare at my feet. 

"Very naughty. Get over here." He instructs. 

Immediately I follow him back into the living room where he must have found his way in from my fireplace. The window shades have been opened and moonlight streams into the space on the couch, my dog still asleep in her bed by the tree.

"On your knees if you want to fix what you've done." He's more dominant than I could have ever imagined, his heavy black boots thump behind me as I sink to my knees facing away from him towards the window. My breath is more than gone, I've never been so exposed to a stranger. 

The sound of a heavy belt being undone, zippers down, pants dropping. 

I swallow the thick saliva in my mouth, I know I'm drooling and not just because of the smell of cookies but the reality of Santa Clause behind me, going to punish me. Because I am a bad, bad girl. 

I flinch when I feel his thick wrinkled hands on my neck, but he soothes me, my breasts are prickled with goosebumps in fear yet he rubs my shoulders silently. Pushing my long black hair to one side he suddenly yanks it down so my head is thrust back, I gasp in fear more than pain.

"Turn around now girl." He orders.

I'm facing him, facing the part of him that juts out angrily, hairy with the curly hairs that prove he is the real Santa. His cock is larger than I could have imagined and it's only seconds before he brings my head to it, yanking me back by my hair it's seconds before the whole cock is down my throat and slipping and sliding the head around my twirling tongue. 

I know better than to gag but I let him use me, fucking my face with such a grace and passion, my mouth is his now, his thick drool covered balls rub against my lips until their raw. Each thrust feels farther down my throats than the next, I can taste his manhood on my tongue, precum dripping down my throat.

The bell on my choker keeps jingling, creating a warm moist, Christmas feel.

I'm more wet than I've ever been, I stare up at him through his thick beer belly gut, wondering if I could make an offering that would appeal to him. 

Like he reads my mind his cock pops out of my mouth with a wet smack, and he drags it across my lips leaving a surprisingly sweet trail of pre cum. But I'm not surprised, he is the real Santa after all. 

"Do you really wish to wipe yourself off my Naughty list?" He questions, holding my hair tight again. I know not to disobey him, I want to be naughty and nice.

"Yes sir!" I whimper, a small twinkle of tears gather at my eyes, I'm panting, breasts heaving. 

"Than beg." He forces me to my feet in front of the couch, I keep my hands behind my back and bend in front of him, I rest against the couch and moan a little, knowing my exposed anal plug must be winking at him. 

"Please, put me on your nice list." I pant.

He makes me wait. I'm shaking in anticipation but I wasn't expecting it when a harsh and angry belt beats down in the pale flesh of my ass cheek. 

"Oh!" I cry, hands falling in front of my to get a better grip on the couch. His thick Christmas belt make a ropey tightening noise as he draws it back and strikes again with a heavy wap! 

I moan so loudly I pray the neighbors don't hear, but the heat rises to my cheeks, I'm enjoying this punishment more than I would have expected. 

Two more waps! And it stings so bad all I can feel is my juices between my lips. The stings go straight to my screaming clit nerves. 

He drops the belt with a thump and I suddenly feel the much softer fingers tracing the button of my ruby plug. 

"Very festive." He grumbles happily. I hear the rumble of his hearty laugh. I want more than anything to shove something, anything thick, up my aching pussy. 

"Please." I beg, closing my eyes and gripping the couch for dear life. 

He obliges, firming placing his meaty hands on my pale hips I feel him position that giant head at my opening and thrust his way in. My bell jingles loudly when I throw my head back in ecstasy. Sweat beads at my forehead as his hot belly presses against the middle of my back. His cock reaches so far into me that my clit is burning with need. Begging for anything to rub against it to give me release.

I'm aching against him, pressing my pussy back to meet him at every smack, I'm completely his, I've never been so thoroughly used like this. His cock has no mercy and he has no intention to get me off, I'm his toy, his Christmas toy. I am asking him for forgiveness and he's fucking it into me hard. 

I feel his hands move to my neck as he grunts, it doesn't take long, his fingers rub the crease of my neck tightly and all at once he groans so loudly into my ear, his beard lightly scratching my back. He presses a single kiss against the back of my neck and I feel his already enormous pole grow and ground so hard into me that I can feel his thick swollen balls against my lips. He forces me up against the couch, wrinkled hands wrapping under my to grope my soft needy breasts, my pierced nipples cry out to his muscled and scratchy hands. 

He cums, hard and thick and grunts into me as he squeezes all his cum out into my pussy. A couple of hard thrusts later he releases me into a crumpled mess on the couch. 

I'm panting so hard, feeling what must be new bruises forming at my neck. 

"Very nice." He says, laughing humbly as he pulls his heavy suit half way back on, the belt undone. "Clean it up girl." He instructs. 

I quickly am back to my knees under him, under his spell. His cock is veiny and dripping in front of me, a single teardrop of white sits at the head begging for my lips. I oblige and wrap myself around the head, sucking needily at his pole. It's so surprisingly sweet tasting, magical almost. I'm pushed away after cleaning it off. I don't dare look up at him again as he redresses.

I mean to catch a glimpse of his face once more, but by the time I stand to face him and thank him, all that is left in his place is a present. A single perfectly wrapped gift that I know was not there before now. 

As I stand, a thick stream of almost glittering white cum dribbles out of my used cunt reminding me I haven't cum yet. I wait, and pick up the package. 

I love Christmas, and all the traditions, so I check, it's 12:59.

I grin, merry Christmas Cat!

Ripping open the wrapping paper I find the box contains a thick belt, just like his, I'm delighted beyond belief. Now I can beg anyone to whip me just like Santa did! This will be the best present yet this year, and the best addition to my toys. 

Underneath the new belt is a candy cane, thick and red striped. 

I grin. 

It's the perfect girth to fit inside me, and with the sweet cum of Santa still creamy inside me, I use it as lube to fuck this candy cane inside me, it takes only a moment, but I'm on the couch again, legs spread to the world, rubbing the button of my clit softly until I can imagine Santa's face between my legs.

And I cum. Crying out to the world, my juices flow and my pussy groans for something to continue fucking it. I finish cumming and slide back to the floor covered in wrapping paper, leaving a last faint jingle from my choker.

Boy, how I love Santa Clause. 

Maybe next year I'll be on the naughty list again!