 "No. It's suicide." 

"Look, if you just listen to me for a second -- " 

"No. For the last time, I'm not going to do it, and neither should you." 

Art and Aaron were searching for food in a dense stand of trees with red leaves, which Aaron preferred for foraging as this species of tree gave off a strong smell that masked their own. 

It had been three days since Art had woken up in Allura. During that time, Aaron had gradually taught Art everything he needed to know to survive in this bizarre forest. How to find and prepare food, how to find and purify water, how to find shelter for the night, how to evade the various kinds of Sylvalans. The last of these was what Aaron placed the most emphasis on. 

Though, oddly, learning how to urinate and defecate without leaving traces of your position wasn't one of those facts. This was because, for some reason, neither of them ever needed to do those things. From what Aaron said, this was apparently the norm in this world. 

Anyway, Art appreciated the help. While it was clear that Aaron was doing this partly to benefit from the added security of a second person, without his help Art would have been lost in every sense of the word. However, there was one topic on which the two of them vehemently disagreed. That was how to handle the native inhabitants of this world. 

Aaron was firmly against trying to communicate with the Sylvalans in any way. He believed that any such attempt was opening yourself up to attack and, even if you managed to escape, the enemy would have more information on you. In his opinion, if faced with a choice of starving to death or being caught by a Sylvalan, one should choose the former every single time. 

Art, however, couldn't shake the feeling that this was the wrong course of action. He knew it didn't make sense; he was the novice here, while Aaron was the veteran. But when he thought about it, he'd only ever talked to three Sylvalans in his short time here. He'd seen half a dozen others during the past three days, but in each case Aaron had led him to hide from them. Art only had Aaron's word on the Sylvalans being predators that consumed men's lives through their semen. It seemed... wrong to just write off a whole species based on one encounter and the assurances of one person. 

Of course, this resulted in an argument each time Art brought it up. Aaron never once raised his voice during these arguments -- it would have attracted Sylvalans within minutes -- but he didn't need to. Just by hardening his expression and assuming a slightly threatening posture, he could cause Art to flinch and fall silent. The fact that Aaron was half a head taller than Art and had muscles that could have deflected bullets didn't hurt either. 

This time was no different. Art had again suggested trying to communicate with the Sylvalans, and Aaron had again shut down his proposal with ruthless logic. 

"You must be thinking that because they're so soft and pretty, and they just want to show you a good time, that it's perfectly harmless to give in to them. Think again. You've been here long enough to realise that no, this isn't a stupid dream. It's reality. Tell me, have you ever heard of the saying 'There's no such thing as a free lunch'? Do you really think that there's really a world that just happens to be filled with women who exist to get you off? Don't make me laugh. I told you that I've eavesdropped on them, didn't I? I've heard them say it with their own lips. End of discussion." 

With that, Aaron turned away and returned to his task of methodically combing the tree branches for edible grubs. Art did the same, but the strange feeling did not leave him. 

He's right that it doesn't make much sense for a fantasy like that to exist in real life... but none of this makes any sense. How could the Sylvalans even exist in the first place? It's not like they could have evolved from normal animals and plants, as some kind of mimicry to lure men to eat. The obstacles to something like that evolving would be ridiculously high. And he says that they eat men's lives through their semen, like some erotic parody of vampires, but he never mentioned seeing that firsthand. He only mentioned hearing about it. I don't remember how I learned it, but one thing I know is that it's easy to misinterpret what others are saying from a distance. Could it be... 

But just as Art was about to ask a question, Aaron suddenly jumped to his feet and stared at a spot in the distance. A few seconds later, Art could also hear what had alerted him. 

Something was crashing through the forest. It wasn't just brushing past the branches, either -- Art could distinctly hear the loud cracks of branches being torn off the trees. And it was approaching them! 

"Could that be -- " Aaron muttered, seeming to be half-disbelieving and half-terrified. "No, they should never come here -- but there's nothing else that can -- " 

"What is it!?" Art asked desperately. 

"If I'm right, it's a wurm," Aaron said, "but there's no way that -- " 

"It's not time to worry about if it's plausible!" Art said quickly. "What the hell should we do!?" 

Aaron regained his senses and pointed up. "We need to climb," he said, "it's our only chance -- " 

But the approaching wurm was even faster than they expected. Before they had gotten even a metre off the ground, she burst into view. 

Art's first impression was that the wurm was enormous. She towered head and shoulders above the two men, which meant that Art's eyes were level with her proportionately-enormous breasts. Her upper half was that of a giant woman with pale green skin and powerful muscles. Her lower half was that of an enormous snake, as thick as a large tree and longer than an entire bus. Dark green scales covered her lower body and her arms. It was almost jarring to see these reptilian features juxtaposed with her mammalian ones, namely her aforementioned huge breasts and her messy mop of red hair. 

As soon as she caught sight of the two men, the wurm's blue eyes lit up with the bizarre mixture of hunger and lust that seemed inherent to Sylvalans. She said, "It's my lucky day! I heard there were two men here, but I didn't expect you to find you so early, and in the same place too!" 

Art glanced over at Aaron, who was completely frozen with fear. This caused Art to freeze as well, for if the more experienced one had no idea what to do, what chance did he have? 

"Mmmm..." the wurm licked her lips as she looked between her two targets. "You don't have to worry about taking turns, there's plenty of me for you to share. Oh, and you don't have to worry about me breaking you or anything -- trust me, I have a very gentle touch." 

The wurm ran her hand from her hip up her stomach and cupped her massive breast, teasing her nipple with one finger. Art couldn't take his eyes off the enthralling sight. The wurm definitely noticed this, judging from the way her grin deepened. 

Wait, what am I thinking!? There's no way I could be with someone so big, it just isn't possible! What if -- what if Aaron was right about -- 

While Art was frantically suppressing his traitorous libido, he noticed that Aaron had started moving again. But he wasn't trying to fruitlessly flee from the wurm -- no, he had jumped down and was slowly walking towards her. 

Aaron looked up at the wurm's face and said, "I... I've never seen someone so beautiful." 

The wurm brought a hand to her face. "Hehe, you don't have to flatter me," she said, "I'll be sure to make you and your friend feel like -- " 

Suddenly, Aaron threw a smoke fruit at the wurm, hitting her right in the face! The juices splattered all over her face, causing symptoms far worse than simply inhaling the smoke would have. With a shocked scream, the wurm writhed in agony as she tried to wipe the juice off her face. Her tail lashed about and started knocking down the trees! 

"Run!" Aaron yelled as he turned to flee. 

Art jumped down but, before he could follow Aaron, one of the trees fell straight towards him! The knowledge that he wouldn't die was completely useless -- primal fear took over and caused Art to sprint with all his might, heedless of the direction he was going. He tripped and crashed to the ground more than once, but the terrifying noise behind him gave his body a desperate energy that let him recover almost immediately. 

He didn't know how long it was before he finally stopped. Minutes, hours, all were equal in his current state of mind. 

Art slumped to the ground, completely spent. Any Sylvalans who came across him would be completely in control. He could only hope that the wurm's destructive rampage scared them away as well. 

Unfortunately, that hope was betrayed. 

Art heard the sound of flapping wings. He tensed and looked up. Through the gaps in the canopy, he spotted a rapidly-approaching shape that was far too big to be a bird. Before he could regain his energy, it landed in front of him. 

It was a succubus. That word came instantly to his mind when he saw her bat-like wings and spaded tail. She had shoulder-length black hair, in a messy style that partly covered one of her golden eyes. Her figure was somewhat slimmer and more aerodynamic than the other Sylvalans he'd seen, though it was still extremely voluptuous by any real-world standard. Her clothing consisted of strategically-placed straps of black leather, baring much of her blue skin, and knee-length boots. But the most notable thing about her was her aura of mischief. From the cheeky smile on her lips to the wicked light in her eyes, everything about her suggested she was up to no good. 

The succubus said, "Hey there! If you want to worship my feet, you're in just the right position," she covered her mouth to suppress a laugh, "but would you rather talk face to face instead?" 

Art forced his body to move. The effort made his muscles scream in protest, but eventually he managed to stand. His feet were unsteady, though, and might give way at any moment. 

The succubus smiled in a manner that wasn't at all reassuring. She said, "Great job! But I don't want you fainting on me, so I'll give you a little present." 

Before Art could react, the succubus closed in and pulled him into a kiss. Her tongue slipped into his mouth, allowing Art to taste her warm and sweet saliva. And before Art could gather his wits and make a futile attempt to push her off, she pulled away of her own accord. 

Art was shocked at the sudden kiss, and even more shocked when he realised that he felt much less exhausted than before. 

The succubus giggled. "From the look on your face, was that your first kiss? Better get used to it, because you'll be doing a lot of that here. Anyway, people like me can transfer energy to others through our body fluids. It's not very effective with our saliva, but there's a lot of energy in our milk -- " she cupped her breast and gave it a quick squeeze, " -- and our juices down here," she traced her fingers over her groin. 

For a moment, Art could see the succubus without her scant clothes, could almost taste her on his tongue. He stepped back, causing the succubus to giggle again. 

"Anyway, my name is Mindy," the succubus said. "What's yours?" 

After forcing himself to calm down, Art debated giving her his name. He recalled stories about how names were important in magic, how someone knowing your name gave them power over you. Then he remembered that his name was something he'd come up with on the spur on the moment and decided that there was no harm in doing so. At least it might allow him to get more information from the succubus. 

"Art? Hmmm..." After hearing Art's name, Mindy rolled it around on her tongue. "That wouldn't be short for Arthur? No? Guessed not. Anyway, I should finish introducing myself." Mindy took a deep breath and said. in a faux-dramatic voice, "I'm what you might call one of the four final bosses of this world." She tilted her head. "Wait, is it really a final boss if there's four of them?" 

Art blinked, not expecting this sudden mention of a video game term. 

"Hehehe, I'm guessing you're wondering why I said that," Mindy continued. "Well, the thing is that I've met and interacted with a whole lot of humans from Earth. Not just in that way, although there was a lot of sex involved." Mindy giggled again. "Anyway, because of that I know quite a bit about your world. It sounds really interesting! And not just because half the population is men, although I admit that's a big part of it." 

Mindy coughed. "Pardon me, I sometimes -- well, most of the time -- tend to get sidetracked. I'm basically one of the four people who's in charge of this place. Anyway, I was just flying around here when I noticed a wurm crashing around and thought I'd take a look. When I got close, I caught the unmistakeable scent of a man, and then I found you! Although -- " Mindy stepped uncomfortably close to Art again and sniffed him like a dog, " -- there's something about you... You've been here for more than a few hours... Don't tell me you're a Permanent?" 

Art flinched at this. How on earth can she smell that? What -- what should I say? 

However, his reaction was enough for Mindy to figure out the truth, judging by the way she squeed in delight. "Oh, this is the first time I've ever seen one! Hey, hey, how long have you been here? How many Sylvalans have you fucked so far?" 

"I -- I've only been here for three days, and the answer to -- to your second question is zero!" Art blurted out. 

Mindy's excited expression was replaced by one of deep disappointment. "What?" she said. "How come -- no, I get it now. You met up with one of those weirdos who sees us as evil, probably told you that we drain your lives through sex, and you decided to stay away from all of us." Mindy took a deep breath, spread her arms dramatically, then loudly declared, "That's not right! You only get to live so long, so why waste time not doing things you like? That's the beauty of this world -- if you want to grab a woman by the tits, jam your cock inside her and thrust away until you fill her up with your cum, all you have to do is ask!" 

Art was left speechless by this. Seeing the way he blushed, Mindy couldn't keep the grin off her face. "You're a virgin, aren't you?" She asked. "Hehe, don't worry about that! It's never too late to have your first time... And I know just where you can start..." As she said this, she narrowed her eyes and licked her lips lustfully. 

"W-Wait, you're not talking about..." Art began. 

"Oh, it's exactly what you're thinking about," Mindy said. "I've seen you look at my body, wanting to know what's under this outfit. And then there's the way you reacted when I said you were the first Permanent I've seen. How did it feel, hearing that you would be my 'first' in something? Hmm?" 

Each and every one of these words was dripping with lascivious intent and promises of forbidden delights. Art was again left lost for words. 

I -- I -- Pull yourself together, Art! Think this through... I'm actually talking to a Sylvalan, and -- and while she's definitely hitting on me -- she hasn't immediately tried to rape me like Aaron suggested would happen. So -- so that's something. But I can't -- but -- calm down, lizard brain! -- but I can't right now, I need to prepare myself. For now, I need to try and turn her down -- 

Mindy watched Art's panic with an amused expression. She eventually said, "Trust me when I say this, it's all for your own good. In this world, sex is -- well, I won't say it's everything, but it is a pretty major thing." Mindy laughed at this, then continued, "And since you're a Permanent, this is now your world too. So if you want to get anywhere, you'll need to learn how to have sex." Mindy pulled at the strap covering one of her breasts, exposing the pale pink of a nipple. Winking, she finished with, "And I'm a really good teacher." 

Art struggled to keep a straight face as he processed this. His situation wasn't helped by the concentration of blood in a certain organ of his lower body. In Art's mind, his rational thinking and his libido waged an epic war for supremacy. 

In the end, rationality won... or did it? 

Art reasoned that he should learn more about this world... even if it was in this manner. He put on a resolute expression and said, "Thanks for the offer. I -- I -- I'd like you to teach me." 

Mindy's smile turned even more mischievous than it already was. She held up a finger and waggled it disapprovingly as she said, "Nonono. That's not how you proposition someone. Say it like this: 'I want you to fuck me.'" 

Art couldn't help but avert his eyes. He said, hesitantly, "I... want you to fuck me." 

And without further ado, Mindy leapt forward and pulled Art into another deep kiss. 

Mindy had a devilish skill that had no doubt been refined through extensive experience. Using energetic movements of her lips and tongue, she gave Art such pleasure that he couldn't react. And the rest of her body was hardly idle. Mindy stroked the back of Art's head with her hands, with a gentleness that contrasted with the slight forcefulness of her kiss. She pressed her large breasts against Art's chest, slowly rubbing up and down. By wrapping one leg around Art's, she pressed their waists together, allowing her to caress his hardness with her soft mound. 

To Art's untrained body and mind, this assault of sensations might as well have been full sex. The incredible pleasure threatened to steal away his soul. 

After perhaps ten seconds, Mindy slowly withdrew her tongue and pulled away, leaving a thin trail of saliva between their lips. 

"Hehe, was that too much for you?" Mindy teased. "Don't let it out yet, though... there's still lots more to come." 

Mindy slowly ran her finger up Art's neck and to his face, stroking his cheek, giggling at his shudder of pleasure. "Hmm, but it looks like you won't be able to hold on at this rate," she continued, "so why don't you take the initiative and try and make me feel good?" 

Art gulped. His mind was filled with the sensual images of everything that Mindy had left unsaid with these words. Desperately trying to control himself, Art stammered , "How -- how can I do that?" 

Mindy's grin widened a little more. "Wellll, maybe you could try putting your hands on my tits and squeezing them to your heart's content?" She lifted up her breasts and bounced them for emphasis. 

Art had just enough rationality in him to remember to nod. Mindy took hold of his hands and placed them on her breasts. With careful movements, she guided him in the best way to bring pleasure to her. 

"There... now, you just need to -- ooh, you like squeezing hard, don't you? Naughty boy... But if you want to make me feel even better, you need to take it just a bit slower, move your hands around while applying just a little bit of pressure -- there, that's it -- and make sure you give my nipples lots of tender loving care... ha... ha... Mmm!" 

Although Art's technique was rough, it didn't seem to turn Mindy off at all. In fact, her face was now flushed a faint purple colour, and hot breaths escaped her lips. 

Art felt his cock grow even harder. Seized by animal instincts, he began weakly thrusting, despite the thin layers of cloth separating him from his goal. 

Mindy laughed cheekily and pulled away just a fraction. "From the way things are going, I don't think you're quite ready for that yet," she said. "If I let you taste my pussy now, you might just lose your mind and beg to be my slave. But don't worry," Mindy drew close and whispered into Art's ear, "you'll get your chance soon enough." 

Upon hearing these lust-laden words, and seeing the images they conjured in his mind, Art struggled to keep a clear head. 
