 Eddie shakes herself back to the present, blinking yet another onslaught of tears from her golden eyes. She turns and walks to the far side of the room and pulls the velvet cord which hangs there, a deep toned bell ringing in answer from somewhere deep within the Manse Farsalas, home of her kin for ages untold. A moment, or perhaps only a breath pass before there is a knock at the door to the master suite, Eddie opens it and sees one of her few remaining servants, Yrrn, a member of a protean race known as 'Gloamlings', Yrrn's current form being that of a daoine sidthe woman, though done all in black, from clothing to skin, hair and eyes, all different shades of black but for the house insignia worn over her left breast.

"Yrrn, I am taking leave of this place.." Eddie says after a silence stretches between mistress and servant.

"Shall I pack your summer clothing then, and arrange for a drak to come take you to the Summer House?" Yrrn asks in the ever present toneless voice of her people.

"Not this time Yrrn, I'm going to leave to the human world, I have no care to remain in this realm any longer, the Queen and the Winter Court be damned."

Yrrn bows and nods to her mistress, "Then I will gather the keys to the portal and be ready with your travel bag in a nonce."

Eddie simply nods to Yrrn, dismissing her, before closing and re-locking the door. She walks over to one of the book cases that line the eastern wall and takes out a small leather bound book, this she tucks under her arm as she steps out of her night clothes, literally, and summons clothing more suited to the mortal realm to clothe her. Walking over to the mirror she gazes at herself, making little alterations to her image with smaller and more precise touches of power, finally settling on a look she smiles at herself, unable to keep the sadness that woke her from her eyes as she gazes into her own time haunted eyes, falling into memory again...

~~,~~`{@

A few minutes pass quietly as Eddie and Alyse share opposite sides of the bath, then the human girl speaks up hesitantly, "Great Lady... what.. would you have me do, I.. I fear I am lost as how to proceed.."

Eddie opens one eye again and says simply, "First, relax, Abalaus only knows how tense you were waiting for me to return from the Revel. You don't have to do anything other than that really, you just... caught my eye.. and I wanted..." Eddie shakes her head slowly, "...I don't even know where the urge came from... but I wished suddenly and fiercely to know you, completely." she then re-closes her eye and returns to lounging in the hot water. Alyse simply sat there, still tense, thought the twin magics of soothing incense and hot water began to eat that away. Finally, after yet more quiet time passed between the two women and the bath, Alyse spoke up, breaking the silence with a question, "Might I inquire, Great Lady.. what.. what is your name?"

Eddie opens her eyes and blinks for a moment, then reaches up and lightly pokes herself in the forehead. (I can't believe I forgot to do that...) "I'm Edwina lys Farsalas, or... please, here, now, just Eddie."

Alyse nods and remains silent for a little longer then asks another question, "Isn't Farsalas the founding family of the Order of the Rose Cross?"

Eddie nods, "Yes, though the old order has lost its glory with time, with the last of the wars against the Summer Court and the expeditions into the Grey Wastes that separate the lands of night from the lands of day, being over these last thousand years, the only new glory to be won is in the inter-familial scuffles and raids into the mortal realm, both of which I have no true desire to participate in... so, I think that the Rose Cross will simply end one day, a silent ripple fading to calm and eternal silence as the new orders bloom in the Queen's garden."

Eddie finally opens both eyes and lifts her arms from the hot, soothing, water to stretch, arching her back upwards as she interlaces her fingers and pushes both arms far above her head. This motion causes her breasts, full and rounded, to break past the water's surface revealing them to Alyse's gaze. As Eddie continues the stretch she lets her head loll back and takes a long breath and begins to release it, stretching her legs now, toes curling, feet pointed to the opposite end of the tub, this motion however causes an unexpected contact between Alyse and Eddie, the former squeaks and blushes, the latter lifting her head to gaze down the length of her body at the human girl. "Are you ok?" Eddie asks as she lets the stretch end and begins to stand from the bath.

"Y-ye-ss.." Alyse stammers a little, still blushing, "..your foot.. touched my thigh when you stretched and I got shocked is all."

Eddie ahs softly in response, "Sorry about that." Then she turns and walks over to the towels resting on a bar by the sink, revealing the pale expanse of her back to Alyse, who stares, drawing her eyes upwards from the knight's feet and ankles, up along well toned legs, over slender hips and a tight bottom, then upwards further yet as Eddie picks up a towel and pulls her hair over one shoulder to dry it. Alyse's eyes stop at Eddie's upper back, staring at marks like four black feathered wings which are etched into the skin.

"What are those?" Alyse asks in a wondering voice as she too stands and leaves the tub's heated embrace.

Eddie chuckles softly, "Well, those are my 'wings' proof of my Highborn blood."

Alyse ohs as she walks up next to Eddie, picking up a towel as well, "I thought the wings of the Highborn where... well like the Queen's?"

Eddie goes quiet for a moment then takes and releases a long, slow, breath. "I'm not 'pure' Highborn, Alyse."

The human woman bites her lip to stifle any further painful questions, and just brings the towel up and begins to dry Eddie's back, the soft, thick, absorbent material caressing, almost like velvet, over the Highborn woman's back as Alyse dries her, picking up the wayward droplets as she works her way ever lower.

Eddie blushes at the contact, a small sound escaping her lips which causes Alyse to stop, the towel resting at the knight' lower back. "Is something wrong, Gr... Eddie?" the human girl asks softly.

"Just something my mother told me," Eddie murmurs, glad for the fact of her being turned away from Alyse's sight.

Alyse tilts her head inquisitively as she starts drying Eddie again, "What was that?" she asks as she works the towel over the knight's bottom and upper thighs.

"'Why don't we have bath servents, mother?' 'Because the only person who should attend you in the bath is either a parent or a lover.' 'What's a lover, mother?' 'Someone special...'" is Eddie's murmured response.

Alyse stops blushing now herself, she swallows and stops drying Eddie. "Fo..forgive me?" she whispers, "I didn't mean to presu-"

"Stop that," Eddie chides softly, "you weren't raised in my home, nor under my mother's rules, it's ok... c..continue if you wish, but... only if you're doing this because you want to, and not because you feel some sort of duty to do so. Ok?"

Alyse nods and takes a couple breaths, steadying herself mentally before she continues. "We used to attend the public baths," Alyse says in a small tone, "it'd be my family, and my friends' families, all together, after we got clean it was a time to play... and after we'd all dry each other off, just something done between friends.." Alyse bites her lip for a moment keeping herself quiet as she works the towel down Eddie's legs.

Eddie nods, her blush fading as she takes in Alyse's words, "And... would you have me as friend, Alyse?" she asks finally in a hesitant voice.

Alyse nods, and continues working for a moment longer before she remembers she's -behind- the person who's talking to her, "Ye-yes! .. Yes, I would like to be your friend Eddie,"

"It's interesting," Eddie muses as she stands there, remembering to continue to dry her hair, "In the High Tongue, there's no word for the concept of friend, the closest is 'lahrew' which means well, basically it means ally." She finishes drying her hair as Alyse pushes gently at the back of her left thigh, and asks, "Lift your leg please?" Eddie does, balancing for a moment before setting her foot down on the closed lid of the toilet. "We've taken so much from your kind, Alyse, your homes, your culture, your language, and in trade your kind took from us our identity.."

Alyse blinks and says, "What was that, Eddie?" as she runs the towel back up the knight's leg, Eddie begins to shake her head and respond when Alyse's towel covered hand presses up against the juncture of her thighs, the purple haired woman gasps softly and wobbles for a moment, thrusting an arm out quickly balance her against the sink. (That felt.. mhm.. far too good...) is the thought that crosses Eddie's mind.

The human woman looks up and asks, "Are you ok, Eddie?" in a concerned tone before she spots where her hand is, then she blushes a fiery red and draws her hands to her lap, looking down at the floor as her cheeks burn.

The quick withdrawal of Alyse's hand causes the towel to rub firmly against the sensitive flesh nestled between Eddie's thighs, causing her to gasp and pant for a couple moments, "Y..yes... I'm ok Alyse... just... uhm... ahh... y..yeah." the knight stammers, flustered at finding herself with a now rising need.

Alyse murmurs, "Ahh... perhaps I.. should let you dry your front... while I dry mine?" Eddie agrees, thinking that's a very good idea, even though part of her mind whispers (What, don't you want her to dry your front too?)

Eddie regains her balance, within and without, and dries her front off with a bit more force than what was really necessary most likely, while Alyse stands and dries herself as well, sweeping the droplets from her skin with soft, steady movements. Eddie, having finished this exercise first, tosses her towel to the corner of the bathroom and picks up another, turning she smiles at Alyse, who has her towel and arms above her head, drying her short, spiky, black hair. "Turn around, Alyse, let me get your back for you?"

Alyse blinks and makes a questioning sound, to which Eddie replies, "This is something friends do for friends, right?" the black haired girl nods slowly, though her cheeks burn as she remembers the knight's earlier words about this subject. She does however turn around, presenting her back to Eddie.

(Even as tight as that outfit was,) part of Eddie's mind observes as she moves in to begin to dry Alyse's back, (it really didn't do justice to her figure..). The knight begins at the top, and starts working her way downwards, rubbing the absorbent cloth against Alyse's skin in little circular motions. Eddie hesitates as she reaches Alyse's bottom torn between two impulses, one amorous and one considerate, she settles for something between the two and dries the black haired girl's bottom with a slow, massaging technique, which earns a couple of soft sounds from Alyse, as well as having the human girl lean, lightly, into Eddie's towel covered hands. Eddie chides herself mildly for being naughty, and continues the drying of Alyse's back, working the towel downwards yet again, over the human woman's upper thighs, then down even further as Eddie kneels, her hands tracing over the other woman's calves. Eddie finally tosses this towel off into the corner as well, standing again she surrenders to impulse and slips her arms around Alyse's waist embracing the black haired woman, she rests her cheek against the other woman's shoulder.

Alyse trembles through Eddie's unconventional drying technique, holding back, as best she can, the small sounds of pleasure that threaten to escape her. As Eddie embraces her, the knight pressing herself against her back, one cheek resting against her shoulder, she rests her arms over Eddies and simply holds them there with gentle pressure. "Eddie...?" she murmurs.

Eddie responds, just as softly, "Please... let me stay.. like this just a little longer..?"

Alyse makes a small sound of assent and just stands there, letting Eddie embrace her, till she murmurs, "Here.." and turns gently in the purple haired woman's embrace. Eddie's arms tighten for a moment, then relax as Alyse finishes turning and slides her own arms around Eddie's shoulders, returning the Highborn's embrace, resting her cheek against the top of Eddie's head, softly nuzzling the slightly damp purple hair.

"I.. can hear your heartbeat," murmurs the knight, "So steady, calming... but mine races..."

Alyse just nods a little and kisses Eddie's hair. "I know," she says softly.

Eddies embrace grows looser as she presses herself slightly closer to Alyse, her cheek resting upon one of the black haired woman's breasts. "What is this ache in my chest, Alyse, I.. I... don't know if I like this... but... I want to feel it.."

Alyse whispers to Eddie, "I don't know either, Eddie, but... if you want to feel it, just embrace it, accept it completely?"

Eddie shivers for a moment then nods, finally lifting her head, her golden eyes on level with Alyse's own blue ones, she feels something profound about to be expressed within her, but then notices that her back is growing colder, even if her front is quite warm from the proximity to Alyse. She tries to recapture that feeling of impending epiphany... but it fades away again, so instead she says softly, almost shyly, "Alyse... would you share my bed tonight? No obligations... I.. simply don't wish to be alone."

To this, Alyse simply answers, "I'd love to." and so the two women slip into the knight's bed and curl up to each other, Eddie behind Alyse, embracing the human against her as the peculiar sleep/non-sleep of her kind takes her into dream and fantasy.

And so time proceeds her stately dance, leaving the two entwined peacefully to sleep, till one is awoken by the demands of nature..

Alyse extricates herself gently from Eddie's embrace slipping into the bathroom to take care of nature's demands, once finished she pauses for a while, and returns to Eddie's bed, slipping back into the covers as quietly as she can, only to be met by the soft voice of the lady knight, "Welcome back, Alyse, I hope things weren't too cold?"

Alyse smiles and responds with a soft negative sound as she rolls over, looking into Eddie's eyes as she slips in close, snuggling back into the knight's embrace even as she embraces the Highborn lady in return. "I have an urge," murmurs Alyse, "If you will indulge me?"

Eddie blinks then answers, "Indulge yourself Alyse, please?"

Alyse nods and moves in closer, till her nose bumps Eddie's. "Close your eyes?" the human woman murmurs in a soft, playful tone.

Eddie closes her eyes, wondering intensely about what Alyse plans to do, she feels Alyse's nose pull back from hers, then soft skin brush along the side of her nose, a sudden thought blooming in her mind (She's going to kis..) the thought is never completed though, as the human woman's soft lips press to her own, ever so softly, then part, just a little, Alyse's tongue slipping free for just a moment to taste Eddie's lips, which part as well her own tongue slipping free to taste Alyse's. (Cherry?) she thinks as her tongue moves slowly against the human girl's.

Alyse breaks the kiss after a long moment, and smiles, blushing in the soft moonlight as she asks, "Eddie, though I know I have no right to ask, may we.. perhaps, drift closer, past simple friends, and become lover to each other?"

Eddie blushing still from the kiss nods and whispers in return, "It would be my honor.."

Alyse moves closer still, pressing herself close and tight against Eddie's body, pressing their breasts together, the human's girl's nipples growing erect against the Highborn's. Eddie embraces Alyse and rolls to the side, onto her back, with Alyse settling into a more natural, comfortable position astride Eddie's hips as the purple haired knight lifts her lips to those of the black haired girl's again, parting lips against parting lips opening wide enough for two tongues to slip free and dance as their mouths seal to one another and the kiss grows in passion.

Alyse slips her arms under Eddie's shoulders, splaying her fingers against the wing-marks caressing lightly... no, teasingly over the pale marqued skin. She feels Eddie's heartbeat picking up matching the pace of her own heart. She breaks the kiss and draws her lips down along Eddie's cheek to her ear, breathing soft words against it, "You are beautiful my Knight.."

Eddie's heart almost jumps within her chest at those words, and her response is as impassioned, "As are you my lady.." those five quiet words whispered next to Alyse's ear cause the human woman to blush and her heart to race as well.

Alyse begins to slowly sit up, drawing away from Eddie's embrace, drawing her hands out from under the purple haired woman's back to take her hands, fingers interlacing. She looks into Eddie's eyes and smiles again, then lowers her lips to the other woman's neck, pressing a kiss to the hollow of Eddie's throat that draws a low moan from her. Further kisses follow, drifting very very slowly lower till Alyse has her face nestled between the valley of Eddie's breasts, she hears the heartbeat, nearly thunderous in the moon washed silence of the room, listening for a moment as she nuzzles the soft flesh, then she shifts herself and begins to kiss a slow, gentle spiral upwards along the curvature of the Highborn woman's breast, cresting the top she gazes at Eddie's nipple, perked tightly and dark in the dim light, before her lips part and lay claim to the nubbin of sensitive flesh, her tongue drawing a tiny mirror of the spiral of kisses over Eddie's areola before gently tonguing the nipple itself, drawing a louder moan from the purple haired woman held so gently beneath her.

Eddie, feeling the tongue and lips against her breast and nipple arches herself, undulating for a moment as she closes her eyes and bites back an ever louder moan of pleasure. The undulation of her body presses first her chest upwards, her breast pushing against Alyse's lips, then her hips upwards as well, bringing her bare pubic mound into direct contact with the soft, moist folds that rest hidden at the juncture of Alyse's thighs, that contact, ever so intimate draws a moan from the human woman as well, though that sound is also muffled, though not by a closed mouth, simply one occupied with the business of pleasure.

Alyse's lips pull back as she lifts her head, still applying suction till the nipple pops free from the moist silky trap, she looks at Eddie and squirms atop her, rubbing her labia over Eddie's mound in a slow gyration. "That..." she whimpers delightedly, "...was very nice!" Eddie nods, agreeing. Alyse grins and asks playfully, "A boon my knight, please do that more?"

Eddie blushes at Alyse's words, managing but a nod and upwards lift of her hips, fully engaging her mound against the human woman's folds, she settles for a slow thrusting rhythm, her position making much side to side motion impossible. Alyse's hips press downwards in response to this contact, and she begins to slide them forward and back slowly angling her hips to bring her clitoris into contact with the smooth skin made slick by the essence of her arousal. Alyse groans in sweet pleasure as she lowers her lips back to Eddie's untouched nipple, lips parting to suckle the bit of flesh immediately instead of teasing over the breast.

This motion continues for a time, growing ever so slowly faster, the dance done to the music of Eddie and Alyse's soft moans and cries of pleasure. Till Alyse gasps and trembles, Eddie crying out for more. They shift position slightly the two women's hips meshing together, Eddie rolled onto her side, her upper leg nearly pointed straight to the ceiling with Alyse astride her other leg, their sexs pressed together in the approximation of kiss, pleasure engorged labia sliding over each other, glazed with the oils of feminine arousal, this tighter contact, with Alyse thrusting against Eddie and Eddie sawing side to side against Alyse begins to make clitoris to clitoris contact, each brush of those delicate nerve bundles against each other, or the soft flesh of the other's folds causing louder and sharper gasps.. Side to side, to and fro, the continue moving against each other, both women beginning to cry out louder now, tensing bodies moving faster, pressing harder, hearts beating in unison till... for a brief moment, the two find themselves... to be one, body to body, heart to heart, minds, and even spirits reaching out to each other, mingling, then... it passes on, to where all sweet moments go, into afterglow and memory...
