 Art walked through the forest, surrounded by and following the bee fairies. Although the fairies had an innocent playfulness with no trace of malice, he couldn't stop himself from feeling nervous. The cautious side of him, the part that had been shaped by evolution to keep him from eating poisonous plants or sticking his hands into dark holes, warned him to stay put.

When Art had woken up, the bee fairies had excitedly discussed their next move among themselves. Eventually, one of them had approached Art's face close enough for him to understand her words. Her speech was still very high-pitched and fast-paced, though, so he had to pay attention to get everything. Anyway, she had told him to follow them to their queen.

It hadn't taken long at all for Art to agree. He'd already decided that he should learn more about this world -- although he wasn't sure how much of that decision was due to logic as opposed to lust. And like any person, he was a social creature, unable to tolerate solitude for too long. Another reason might have been his amnesia, which caused him to cling to anyone who seemed helpful.

Before he'd started walking, Art had cleaned off the semen staining his stomach with some leaves. The bee fairies had been disappointed at this, but none of them tried to stop him.

As Art walked, the bee fairies buzzed and flitted around him. They assaulted him with a non-stop barrage of curious questions, so quick and fast that Art couldn't even understand most of them, much less answer them. Some of them showed off their acrobatic skill, performing a dazzling series of manoeuvers like spirals and loop-the-loops. Others showed off in a completely different sense, running their hands all over their bodies, caressing and squeezing the gorgeous flesh. Art actually felt a little bad for the last of these -- while they were clearly putting in a lot of effort, their small size meant that he didn't feel much arousal at them.

Eventually, Art spotted what had to be the bee fairies' hive. The branches of the trees and bushes were tied together with vines, creating a green wall that completely blocked all view of the other side. A few fairies flew forward and, showing surprising strength, pulled aside a "door" of branches to reveal an entrance. With a little trepidation, Art stepped in.

It was a miniature town -- no, an entire miniature city. The area was at most ten metres wide, but there were easily more than a thousand bee fairies -- possibly more than two thousand -- flying through the air or perched on something. Tiny houses, made from leaves, could be found everywhere on the ground, on the tree trunks, and all the way into the canopy. There were numerous wax pots that were naturally filled with honey, giving the air a sweet fragrance.

But all of the above paled in comparison to the figure sitting in the centre of the hive. Even without an introduction, Art just knew that she was the queen.

The queen bee fairy was human-sized, unlike her daughters. She had the same antennae, the same orange-and-black fur on her limbs, the same shimmering insect wings. She had long black hair, streaked with fiery orange. Her breasts were immense, perfectly-rounded and tipped with golden nipples. The wide swell of her hips and ass looked perfect for giving birth to many children... or for sitting on someone's lap or face during a wild session of ecstasy. The rest of her was similarly lush with fat, as might be expected of a mother to so many. Her round face gave a feeling of comforting warmth, while her soft arms would be ideal for giving hugs.

When Art entered, the bee fairies within the hive started chattering, producing a deafening buzz. But the queen bee only had to raise her hand, palm open, and they all fell quiet.

"It's been years since I last saw a man," the queen bee said. "Welcome to my hive. Please, make yourself comfortable."

She gestured towards an empty space on the ground, large enough for a second person to sit. Presumably, it was for any human-sized visitors the queen wanted to entertain. Art accepted the invitation.

"First of all, my name is Eri," the queen bee said. "May I ask yours?"

"My name is Art," Art said. He was slightly nervous at being in her presence, afraid of seeming impolite.

"I see. Art, this might seem an odd question, but you don't give the same atmosphere as most men here," Eri said. "How long have you been here?"

"Three days," Art replied. "And I... and I also don't remember anything before that. From what I've heard, that makes me something called a 'Permanent'?"

The smaller bee fairies began to chatter again, and Eri silenced them again before saying, with concern in her voice, "I haven't met any Permanents before, only heard rumours about them. Is it difficult, not being able to remember anything?"

"Not exactly," Art said. "I guess it might just be because I can't remember what I might have lost, something like that. To be honest, I'm still a little unsure about whether all this is real or just a dream."

"I'm afraid that this is, without a doubt, reality," Eri said. "It might sound grim, but this world is all you will know from now on. And -- "

Eri trailed off. Art immediately realised why upon looking at her. The queen bee fairy had started trembling. Her eyes, rather than the maternal warmth that they had previously possessed, were now filled with an unmistakeable desire. She rubbed her thighs together, and a faint shine could be seen from the slit between them.

"I'm -- sorry about this," Eri said, half-gasping. "As I said -- it's been years since I've last seen a man -- and you -- you smell so delicious," she closed her eyes while her antennae probed the air madly. "If you just -- if you could just step outside -- I can take care of this -- ah!"

Art might have taken her suggestion, if it weren't for the embarrassing physiological phenomenon that had occurred to him when he saw Eri like this. He was rendered speechless. This meant that the smaller bee fairies could take the initiative.

Tiny forms crowded around Art, exhorting him to give in.

"Go ahead, fuck the Queen and cum inside her!"

"Queen wants you, just do it!"

"Queen's been so nice to you, you should pay her back!"

The encouragement didn't help Art's rapidly-weakening resolve at all. Neither did the scent of honey in the air, which was probably an aphrodisiac, given what kind of world this was. Soon enough, lust triumphed.

"If you're -- if you're fine with me, I could -- help you," Art said, averting his eyes in a fruitless attempt to hide his flushed face.

Eri gasped and asked, "Are you sure? Please, I don't want to force you -- "

"It's -- it's not like that. I'm fine with -- " Art remembered the phrase he'd been taught earlier and, on an impulse, blurted out, "I want you to fuck me!"

Eri gave a jolt, and for a moment, Art worried if his invitation had been too crude. That worry was immediately dispelled when Eri crawled towards him on her hands and knees, the motion causing her breasts to jiggle wildly. With an animal lust in her eyes, she pounced.

Art had just enough presence of mind to recall his previous lesson on pleasuring a woman. He raised his hands in an attempt to fondle Eri, but the immense size of her chest meant that Art's hands were enveloped all the way to the wrist in overpowering softness. With his hands thus immobilised, Art couldn't do anything but be pushed down by Eri.

Eri's kiss tasted, naturally, of the sweetest honey. With what could only be described as hunger, she entangled her tongue with Art's. From her kiss alone, all thoughts of resistance vanished from Art's mind.

After she had reduced Art to a sticky mess, Eri pulled away. Licking her lips, she said, "Mmm... from the look on your face, you don't have much experience, do you?" When she confirmed that Art had yet to 'go all the way', she smiled and whispered into Art's ear, "Then I'll make your first time something you'll never forget."

Eri raised her body and moved it down, along the way brushing her breasts lightly against Art's penis. That one contact was enough to make Art whimper. He wondered for a moment if Eri was going to sneer at his lack of self-control, but that was unfounded.

The queen bee fairy held Art's cock in her soft hand. Stroking slowly, she said, "It smells even better up close... let me have a taste."

Eri slipped Art's cock in between her soft lips. Art threw back his head and gasped at receiving his first fellatio. Eri's movements weren't particularly complex; she bobbed her head up and down while pressing her tongue against the shaft. Nor were they quick and forceful. But this tender loving still produced unbelievable pleasure.

And at the same time, the surrounding fairies closed in and landed all over Art's body. Those near his head peppered his face with kisses, filled his ears with the music of their playful laughter, filled his nose with the scent of honey. Those on his chest licked, caressed and otherwise toyed with his nipples.

After what seemed like an eternity, Eri released Art's cock from her mouth. The faint trail of saliva linking her beautiful lips to his cock was an incredibly erotic sight. In synchrony with this, the smaller fairies stopped their actions as well.

"That was good, wasn't it?" Eri asked. She then shifted her body slightly and gripped her breasts with her hands. "Now I'll make it even better."

Eri brought her huge breasts together, trapping Art's cock in a delightful titfuck. Unlike in hentai, Art's cock was completely hidden from view by the abundant flesh. Indeed, Art doubted that any man had a cock big enough to show above Eri's breasts. He didn't have time to ponder this for long, as Eri began moving her breasts up and down, up and down, each motion sending waves of pleasure throughout Art's entire body. To maximise the sensation, Eri also squeezed her breasts together at unpredictable intervals.

The smaller fairies also stepped up their activities. More and more of them gathered, emerging from tiny leaf-houses and descending from the canopy, covering almost every inch of Art's skin in their soft bodies. Several of them crawled into Art's hands and, more out of reflex than anything else, he rubbed them with his fingers, making them cry out in pleasure.

It wasn't long before Art felt the pressure building in his lower body. He expected that he was going to end up cumming in between Eri's perfect breasts, but that didn't happen. Just as he approached the edge, Eri pulled her breasts away from Art's shaft. The other bee fairies also stopped and took flight from Art's body.

Eri shifted into a kneeling position, holding her hips just above Art's own. Using her fingers, she spread the lips of her pussy in preparation. With a searingly-erotic gaze, she made eye contact with Art.

And she brought her hips down.

The instant Art was fully inside her, he reached climax. He simply couldn't hold on any longer, even if he'd wanted to. As his mind was rocked by explosions of white fire, Art thrust his hips upwards, and released jet after jet into Eri's warm depths.

As Art's semen filled her, Eri closed her eyes and let out a long, slow sigh of satisfaction. It was as if these few drops of liquid had fulfilled all of her life's desires. In Art's eyes, she looked like nothing less than a goddess.

The climax was so intense that Art couldn't even stay conscious any longer. The colourful scenery around him vanished and was replaced by a pleasant darkness.

Right now, Art was content. No, it was more than that. It didn't mean much when he only had three days' worth of memories, but Art had never felt a greater happiness than this. Right now, he could die with a smile on his face.

-ot time yet, you idiot!

Art thought he heard something. But it couldn't be real, he thought. It must have just been a --

-ave to wake up! You have to --

An image, fainter than faint, appeared in Art's mind.

Someone with golden hair, watching over him.

***

Art realised that he was lying on the ground, similar to his very first memory. This time though, his head was resting on something soft. It was so soft that he had absolutely no desire to move.

A hand gently touched Art's forehead. It reminded him of someone checking for a fever.

Art opened his eyes. He saw the concerned face of Eri -- albeit mostly obscured by her considerable chest. He realised that he was lying on her lap.

"You're awake," Eri said. "You blacked out so suddenly... Are you alright?"

Art managed to get his thoughts together and answer, "I'm okay, thanks."

"That's a relief," Eri said. She then blushed and turned her gaze away. "I'm -- I'm sorry for losing control like that."

"It's -- it's fine," Art said, equally embarrassed as he recalled what had happened. "I was the one who... told you to..." Art couldn't bring himself to finish the sentence.

There was silence for a while, before Eri continued, "Well, what's done is done, we can't do anything about it now. All we can do is try and avoid making the same mistakes in the future. Anyway... I'm going to make a proposal to you. I'll be frank: I would like you to be my mate."

Art didn't register this at first. When the meaning of these words finally reached his brain, he practically jumped out of Eri's lap. "What!?" he said.

"Sorry, I shouldn't have asked you something like that so suddenly," Eri said regretfully. "Forgive me. I shouldn't have -- "

"No, it's fine, I was just surprised," Art said. "It's just -- I don't think I'd be suited for -- for that kind of role."

"Mmm... I should have given you the context first," Eri said. "First of all, as a queen Apian -- that's the name of my race -- my role is that of the mother. I give birth to thousands upon thousands of workers in my lifetime, as well as one who will eventually succeed me as queen."

It made sense, Art thought. Being based off a eusocial insect, it was natural for her kind to have the same reproductive system as well. And with the much greater difference in size between workers and queens, it was plausible for the latter to be able to produce such high numbers of the former, even with mammalian reproductive organs.

"Of course, I need a mate in order to fulfil that role," Eri continued. "So far, I've only encountered Transient men. They would help me very enthusiastically -- " she smiled at the memory, " -- but all of them would be gone within hours, leaving only their seed inside me. With that, I could have many children -- " Eri gestured at the countless worker Apians around them, listening in on the conversation, " -- but I never had certainty. I never knew when I would find my next mate -- until now."

Eri looked at Art, longing in her eyes. She said, "I should make this clear -- this isn't an order. If you want to leave, I won't stop you. You've already given me a priceless gift." Eri rubbed her abdomen to get across her meaning.

After some thought, Art answered, "Um, I'd like to hear more about the situation first, before I make a -- a decision like that."

"Very well," Eri said. "As my mate, you would stay with me in this hive for the rest of our lives. I and my children -- and also your children, should you agree- would do our all to make your stay as comfortable as possible. I'm afraid I can't offer more than that -- I'm not familiar with human methods of courtship." She paused, then added with a knowing smile, "I can promise that it will be very enjoyable for both of us."

These words filled Art's imagination with all manner of wild delusions. He gulped. After thinking about it for some time, he gave an answer.

"I'm still not one hundred percent certain," Art admitted. "Can I still change my mind afterwards?" When Eri nodded, he continued, "In that case... yes. I'll be your mate."

The surrounding workers cheered loudly, but Art didn't hear them for long. Even Eri lost herself in joy at the good news, and she pulled Art into a tight hug that firmly sandwiched his head in her immense chest. Art was completely unable to breathe, but the enthralling sensation meant that he wasn't able to work up any will to resist.

Eri quickly let go of Art and said, "Sorry, it's just -- you have no idea what this means to me."

Perhaps -- no, almost certainly because his head was just pressed into it, Art's eyes were focused on Eri's chest instead of her face. He quickly raised his gaze, but not quick enough to stop Eri from noticing.

"Do you like my breasts?" Eri asked teasingly. "In that case, why don't you have a taste of them?"

Art blinked as he digested the meaning of this. He blushed again.

Eri took hold of her right breast, the one closest to Art's mouth, and squeezed it slightly. Art's eyes were transfixed on her golden nipple, the tip of which was glistening faintly.

"Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with this," Eri said coaxingly. "So why don't you try out my honey? Now that you've chosen to be my mate, this is an ideal way for you to... understand me better."

These words removed the last traces of Art's hesitation. He raised his head and took Eri's nipple in his mouth.

Once he started sucking, Art couldn't stop. He couldn't tell if it was milk with the sweetness of honey, or a thin honey with a tinge of milk, but either way it was absolutely delicious. He gulped down mouthful after mouthful, as if he'd been lost in the desert for days and had now stumbled on an oasis.

While drinking, Art felt himself become erect again, to an almost painful extent. Eri took care of that for him, tenderly stroking his shaft with her other hand.

At the same time, the worker Apians descended on the two of them. Half of them serviced Art in the same manner as before. The other half clung to Eri, those on her breast sucking at her free nipple, the others rubbing against her skin in a manner that was more than just familial.

Out of the corner of his eye, Art saw Eri smile with a mixture of hunger, lust and love.

"Just lie down and relax," Eri murmured sweetly, "because from now on, every day will be like heaven."