 Please note there is a MM rape sequence separated by asterisks (***). It is not needed to get the gist of the story though. If you choose not to read it you won't miss plot points.



The fall moon was bright as she walked down a two lane road in the middle of nowhere. There were cornfields to either side of her. 

Rebekah Duvent was as mad as she could get. Her date became irrational when she would not climb into the back seat with him. She knew she should have been grateful that Matt Kemp had asked her out. He was a smart buff senior in political science. His kind of gratitude she wasn't ready to give.

College for Becca was a challenge. Every guy she went out with expected her to have sex. She understood that she was an aberration in these days, but she wanted to save herself for her husband.

She checked her cell phone again. No bars. She knew Matt had driven her far from the campus of Denison University, but she never expected to have to walk back. It frustrating because she wanted a small liberal arts college and the student body seemed like it was actually graduating in sex education. 

"Chivalry is dead," Becca grumbled. 

She felt someone looking at her. She looked into the moonlit cornfields. Fear crept up her back. She slowly reached into her purse for the pepper spray she'd already had to flash once tonight. Her hand closed over it as her breathing increased. The fight or flight impulse was a good thing on occasion. 

"You will not need to use that." 

A deep male voice said from the field on her right. He sounded almost amused.

Becca was frightened as the voice seemed to come so close.

"Show yourself," she demanded. Her fear was palpable. 

The cool evening air helped make her shiver. She waited as the man matching the voice stepped out of the tall corn. 

He was beautiful. His long red hair was curly ending around the top of his thighs. He wore dark trousers and a light blue v-necked sweater. It matched his glowing blue eyes. He had a roman face with luscious kissable lips. His legs were well muscled like many of the soccer players she knew. His arms and chest were also well sculpted under his sweater.

Josiah found her fascination with his appearance arousing. He had followed her date after over-hearing him brag in the men's room of the quaint bistro where they had eaten dinner. He had seen Becca and knew he needed to protect her.

Becca watched as he walked up the embankment and towards her. She noticed he was staring, too.

She was wearing a beautiful green dress that showed her hour glass figure to perfection. She was soft in all the right places. Her legs were shapely and long. Her eyes were a light color perhaps hazel or blue.

"What's your name?" she asked him. She was beginning to feel weary. 

"Josiah Aérien at your service," he replied with a small smile and nod.

"Where did you come from? How did you get here?"

"My car is near by. When I saw you walking alone, I pulled off the road and followed."

"Oh... Why in the corn?"

"You seemed very upset and determined. You were also ranting a little about men."

Becca laughed.

She smiled at him and said, "I'm Becca. Can you give me a lift to Granville?"

"You are direct... Of course, I will give you a lift. My car is this way," Josiah directed.

She kept her hand around her pepper spray and followed him.

Trying to make conversation she remarked how both of their names were biblical. 

Josiah smiled to himself. If Rebekah knew that he saw several of Jesus' sermons personally, she would run as fast as she could the other way.

They began a philosophical discussion of religion as they walked toward his Audi A8. He loved the way she was thoughtful and honest with her opinions. He could tell that Becca had experienced pain and suffering in her relatively short life.

Josiah kept up the lively debate as they arrived at his now mist covered car. He looked over at Becca and saw she was shivering slightly. He went to guide her and to open her door, but she jumped back from his touch. She hurried around to the passenger side as he watched her go.

"Please understand I have a couple of rules for my safety. Number 1; please don't touch me. Number 2; take me back directly to Granville. No stopping for anything other than gas if needed," Becca demanded.

"Of course, I will respect your wishes. As I've already said, you won't need your pepper spray with me," Josiah spoke softly. 

Unlocking the car with his remote and opening the door, he watched Becca grip her pepper spray tighter and open her own door. She was an attractive young woman.

Becca was very wary of Josiah. Since tonight was already bad, she did not want it to change to terrible. She opened the door and watched Josiah buckle his belt and press the start car button. She got in as he flipped open the navigation system. 

He could hear her heart beat faster as she closed the door and clipped her own seat belt. 

He programmed the navigation system to guide them to her little college town. 

"So why did you choose Denison?" Josiah asked.

"I wanted to stay near where I was raised. I wasn't ready to move too far away, yet. Now that I'm going to graduate in the spring, I've been looking for jobs as a translator so I can travel and see the world. I've already got my passport." Becca glowed with her happiness.

"What do your parents say about that?"

"I don't have parents. They were gone when I was 6. None of my distant relatives wanted me so I grew up in foster care. I never got adopted. I'm on my own now."

"Wow. You don't seem bitter or cynical.  How did that happen?"

"I spent my teen years with an awesome family. They gave me a secure foundation. When I came to them they made every effort to make me part of their home. They shared their faith with me. They gave me a secure place to grow in all things. However, they also grew. I was their last foster kid. Once I graduated, they left for their mission field."

Josiah felt her peace about being left again. Becca moved him. He felt a deep need to cherish this strong and beautiful woman. He began to ask her questions about her life.

Becca rambled about her childhood as they drove through farm country. She finally recognized they were nearing Granville. She was enjoying her time with Josiah. 

"Where should I drop you?" Josiah queried.

Becca gave him directions to her apartment. 

When they arrived, she did not want to end the evening. She was actually please with how her evening turned out.

"I'd like to see you again," she said.

"Likewise," Josiah replied. "How about meeting for coffee tomorrow?"

"I'm in class until noon even though it's Saturday. I'm graduating with 2 majors so I've got an extreme course load. How about meeting for lunch?"

"Should I come here at 12:30 tomorrow afternoon?"

"Yes. I'd really like another chance to ride in this car again!"

Josiah laughed and bid her good night. 

Becca felt as if she were floating as she walked into her apartment building. Once she had gone though the security door, she turned and waved good bye. 

Josiah watched her until she was in the elevator. Sighing he wondered what it was he was feeling after all this time. Could he have found his helpmate after 2 thousand years?

He drove to his home in Westerville and called his aid to have him apologize to his dining companions with bottles of wine sent to them tomorrow. He had made apologies as he left to follow Becca and her rude date, but he felt an additional gesture should be made.

Charles and his helpmate Marguerite were very content. Josiah felt envy for them creep up his back while they ate. He wanted that kind of bond. Was God guiding him to Becca?

As he lay in bed, he longed for the few years he had with his Emmanuel. The guidance and love that was always given is incomparable. He wondered how Becca would react to his long life. Jesus had healed him and gifted this life to make up for the tortures of his life. It always amazed him that what he thought would be just a few years had turned into almost 2 thousand years old.

Josiah began life as the son of a northern tribe in what would be France today. He was captured by a Roman commander. He was the Roman's slave until he returned to Rome as a citizen. Once in Rome, he was sold to another Roman commander, Incendio. He found himself in Jerusalem. 

His new owner was an angry man. He found himself beaten for any slight infraction. If the dinner was cold or his clothing was worn, Josiah was punished. 

Many years into his master's service, Josiah was sent with his troop on patrol. Josiah tried to do his best to satisfy a man prone to dissatisfaction. 

***

"Damn you! Can't you get anything right?" Incendio yelled as he kicked Josiah in the ribs.

Josiah was used to these beatings, but tonight Incendio seemed particularly hostile. He had been drinking wine heavily that day. Josiah stayed kneeling with his head down as he apologized.

"You are never going to learn. No matter how many beatings you receive, slave, you always make the same mistakes. Perhaps you need a different incentive," Incendio slurred some of his words. Incendio was standing near his grooming kit. The vials of oils gave him and evil and delicious idea. 

Josiah felt the icy grip of terror. He saw where his master was staring.

Incendio saw Josiah's look of terror. It pleased him too much. Incendio was already getting aroused. That look firmed his cock to its full length. 

Back handing Josiah, Incendio grabbed a vial of oil. While his slave was unconscious, Incendio striped off his toga and stroked oil on his cock.  He went down on his knees and poured some of the oil onto Josiah's ass crack. Not waiting for Josiah to awaken, Incendio grabbed Josiah's hips to position him for the ultimate violation.

Just as Josiah was coming awake, Incendio penetrated him. The pain and humiliation was almost more that Josiah could bear. Incendio was not well endowed. He was long and thin compared to most of the other men Josiah had seen. 

He fought to crawl away, but Incendio grabbed his hair roughly. 

"Freeze cunt." Incendio ordered.

Josiah could tell Incendio was extremely excited. He willed himself to relax on his elbows and knees. Suddenly Incendio was deep inside him pounding away. Josiah was ashamed as he felt his own erection forming. He was disgusted and ashamed of himself. 

It did not take long for Josiah to realize he was going to have an orgasm. Incendio seemed no where needing to come as he pulled out and slammed home repeatedly. Josiah was panting and praying that this attack would end swiftly.

Josiah felt the pressure inside him build as his balls tightened. He had masturbated before but until this incident had never had a partner. His worsened shame made his stomach clench in revolt.

Incendio's pumping began to grow faster. Josiah could hear his master's breathing quicken as well.

Suddenly Josiah was spurting his appalling release on the ground. He kept as quiet and still as he could. Incendio seemed unaware as he exploded inside Josiah's back passage. 

After his release, Incendio passed out on top of him. 

Josiah struggled to free himself of his master's weight. Incendio's shrinking cock popped out of Josiah's anus. Josiah felt cramps and soreness. As he crawled away, Incendio rolled onto his back. His shrinking penis was covered in blood and the other remnants from inside Josiah.

Josiah knew he had to run. Run fast now or he could plan on rape being a part of his daily life.

***

Jerking awake, Josiah was covered in sweat. Taking in a shaky breath, he stood and walked to the bathroom.

Splashing water on his face cooled him some and calmed his breathing. He had not dreamt of his rape in centuries. 

He shook his damp hair out of his face and looked into his bedroom to see it was late enough to get dressed for the day.

He stripped of his pajama bottoms and underwear. Setting his path into his shower, Josiah turned the water has hot as his skin would allow. As he let the water run down his back, he loosened the ties on his long hair. 

Some mornings he wanted to cut off his hair. Incendio had shaved him bald upon his recapture. He kept it as a reminder that it would never be out of his choice how to keep his hair and body. But that story was another bad memory that would be best if left forgotten.

As he washed his body, he thought of Becca. She looked so beautiful in the green dress she was wearing. He wanted to touch her. Her scent had invaded his senses during their walk and drive back to her home. 

Josiah wondered if she was as firm and luscious as she appeared last night. Her hair looked silky and soft. Her hips as she walked were hypnotic. He found himself hard.

He knew he needed to stay right with Jesus' teachings so he turned his water to cold.

Wrapping his towel around his mid-section he went into his closet to decide what to wear for his lunch.

Frustrated because everything he had seemed too formal, Josiah called Allison his housekeeper to help him pick out clothes. He explained he had a date with Becca for lunch.

Embarrassment had his pale skin red from head to chest. 

"Well, well. I never thought this day would happen," Allison quipped as she sauntered into the walk-in closet.

"Do you have to rub my nose in it?" Josiah questioned hiding his grin by looking down.

"You know that I do." She smirked right back at him.

They had been together for most of Allison's 63 years. He had seen her born and raised by his previous housekeeper. She looked on Josiah as a peer despite the fact that he looked about 25 years old.

She found it amusing that he was acting like her grandson, Chad. He had a full closet of extremely nice clothes, but would claim at every turn he had nothing to wear.

She found a nice pair of Tommy Hillfinger jeans and a nice Ralph Lauren oxford shirt. She left the closet so he could dress. She gathered his leather hair strap and comb. 

Josiah put on the clothing but didn't know how to wear the shirt.

"I don't know Alli tucked or loose?" Josiah called as he followed her into the bedroom to watch as she stripped the sheets.

"Loose and roll the sleeves up."

Josiah picked up the discarded sheets and took them to the laundry room. Dropping them into the washing machine he quickly added soap. He started the machine and found breakfast already made and on the table.

He waited for Allison so they could eat together. It was their normal Saturday morning, but he was so nervous about his up coming date that he could not seem to focus.

"So where are you going to take this Becca?" Allison quipped after asking for the third time.

"Sorry. I was thinking of some place fun but with nice food, but I honestly don't have a clue as to what a 21 year old would consider fun," he grumbled.

"How about going to one of those restaurants with a video game parlor attached?"

"What if she doesn't like those places?" where she'd like to go. If she has no preference, take her to your favorite deli and have a picnic."

"That's a perfect idea. Thanks, Allison." He replied and leaned over and kissed her cheek.

They finished their normal routine with Allison changing over the laundry while Josiah did the dishes.

He looked at his watch and decided he had enough time to make a few e-mail and pick up a bouquet of peach roses.

Becca found it difficult to focus in class. She spent her morning before class reporting Matt to campus security. They seemed to be asking what the big deal was. She was frustrated with the whole situation. 

Anxiety about her date with Josiah compounded her lack of focus. She kept planning and readjusting her wardrobe choices. 

When class was dismissed, Becca almost ran back to her apartment complex. Once there she jumped into the shower. She showered faster that she could ever remember. As she put on her body lotion she realized how pressed for time she was. 

She grabbed a black pair of panties and a matching bra. She pulled on her favorite herringbone trousers and a moss green sweater. She added her favorite jewelry. A little lip gloss and a quick brush of her hair made her feel complete.

She slid on her favorite flats just as her buzzer rang. He was early and she almost rang him up. However, after Matt was less than appropriate last night she decided to call down and confirm who was there.

"Hello?" she asked.

"You bitch! I am going to fuck you up!" Matt screeched back over the intercom. 

Becca called the police and hoped they'd be here before Matt somehow got up stairs to her room. She took the time to lock the deadbolt as she was waiting for an operator. She took the phone and went into her bathroom with her purse.

The same operator from this morning took her report and sent a squad car to her apartment. She was in her bathroom locked in when she heard her apartment door crash open. 

"Where are you cunt?" Matt yelled. "I'm going to get what you refused last night. Sticking the cops on me is just going to make this hurt more."

She heard crashing in her living room.  Matt was enjoying trashing her home. When all of the sounds stopped, Becca almost relaxed. Suddenly her bathroom door rattled on its hinges.

She wasn't sure what he was using but repeated bangs on the door convinced her that she was going to meet God today.

"Freeze!" an unknown voice yelled. Several minutes and a struggle later that same voice said "Ms. Duvent I'm Sergeant Cooper. We have your intruder in custody you are safe to come out now."

Shaken but more angry than afraid at this point, Becca came out of her bathroom to see what damage had been done.

Her bedroom was mostly unscathed. The living room and dining area were completely trashed. Her furniture came from her last foster parents and simply looked overturned. Her glass top table was smashed and shards of the tempered glass were everywhere she could see. Her television looked as though Matt had put his foot through the screen.

Her door was in pieces.

"I didn't buzz him up." She said. "How did he get up here?"

"According to a different 9-11 caller, he pushed in after another tenant." Sergeant Cooper said. "Do you have some where else you could stay tonight?"

Becca was not sure she could keep her feet under her for several minutes. She blinked back tears and nodded her head.

"Sergeant, I have a man down stairs who claims to be picking Ms. Duvent up for their lunch date."

"Oh! No! I completely forgot with all this activity. Please Josiah up." Becca could fee her blush flaming her face. "I guess I need to find out how to get my door replaced."

"Let me take a statement from you and then I'll help you contact your land lord." Sergeant Cooper said.

Sometime during her statement Josiah reached her door. He stayed out in the hall and began to make calls. He wanted her apartment secured. His security agency was sending two men to guard her apartment while he was going to take her out. He wanted to replace her dining table and television. Josiah's assistant was used to his employer's unique requests.

By the time Becca was finished with the police, his guards were on site. Josiah quickly made introductions. 

Becca didn't know if she should feel relief or anger at his high handed way of helping her. She decided on relief. 

"How would you feel about a home cooked meal?" Josiah asked once they were in his Audi again.

Becca simply nodded her agreement. She settled in the soft leather seat and watched Josiah drive. She wondered about him. He was too handsome for to be for her good. She felt her body responding with urges she never felt before. He was young looking, but at times he used phrases and terms that her seniors group used. 

Josiah knew she was staring at him. He was uncertain if she was angry with him for taking over. He felt his earlier arousal return. He wondered if it were wise to take her to his home. He hoped Allison would not mind playing chaperone. 
