 Sithecara picked her way cautiously through the library, avoiding any of the students scattered about in dangerous little clusters pretending to study. She was not one of them, though she also studied at Colaste-inasha, learning the same lessons as they and much more. She passed one row away from a group of giggling girls, catching whispered snippets of conversation. Silly creatures should be concerned about their lessons, but they were whispering about the boys, deciding who would pair with which (this month). One name caught her ear- Lavada, the premiere student, not because of his marks, which were admittedly high, be because of his lineage. He was the only son of the Derine-phayu, eligible to be considered as Taniste himself in a few years. Cara had heard the prince had come to the college this year, but she had yet to see him, and was not inclined to do so. Secrecy and mystery were her companions, so long as none of these young nobles knew who she was, she was safe. Distance was her armor.

Cara ascended the spiral stairs to an upper balcony, found a window seat neat the corner, at the far back, in the mustiest and least used section of the library. She carefully unrolled the aged vellum scroll and smoothed it gently. Scholar Reshire's script was small, even, straight, and precise, which she had always admired. Most of the Scholar's writings were intricate and painfully accurate histories, so dry that many students thought the man must have been the most boring and stuffy ever born in Aelith. Cara knew better; her studies were more thorough and advanced, and also more open- and so she had found this glimpse into the Scholar's inner life, an impassioned retelling of the romance of the gods Urlin and Imryse. Cara had already read it six times, but it was a good read for a cloudy, wet day like today. She settled in and began reading the familiar words.

After a time, she felt eyes on her, and studiously ignored it, turning to the cool window pane and away from the source of the sensation. She let her impossibly long locks fall around her like a curtain to shield her from the observer's curiosity, but it didn't work. Still she was watched, as if she were the first girl to ever sit in a windowsill and read a romance. She looked up finally, looked around, and met the piercingly blue eyes of the watcher. He was clearly a student, young and well dressed in deep blue; he had a golden look to him, smooth golden complexion, unruly golden mane. Something inside Cara fluttered as she took him in. He smiled, and she could not help but to smile shyly in response. Encouraged by her smile, he crossed to her. Cara looked for a quick escape, but it was too late, he had her.

"Hello. You must be new? I've not seen you around." He began as soon as he was close enough to speak in hushed tones.

"No, I'm not new," Cara stammered, then added, "I just like to be alone."

He seemed unphased, as if her predilection for solitude could not possibly pertain to him. "What is your name?"

"Nice meeting you, I have to go...I'll be late for class." Cara breathed, looking down, and started past him.

He caught her arm and turned her smoothly back to him. "Wait, what should I call you?" he insisted.

Cara shrugged, looked up quickly into his blue eyes, and her heart skipped a beat. "Whatever you like," she whispered, and pulled away, hurrying off as she rolled up the precious scroll. He had not choice but to let her go, or make a scene. She felt his eyes on her back until she finally turned out of view.

Professor Borathin Ephesi Maca-eseca, the magical studies instructor, had summoned Cara to his classroom. She set aside her independent research, storing it in one of the secure locations only staff and a life long student such as herself knew of. She passed through the halls unnoticed as ever, she knew which passes were seldom used, but her effort was all for naught. When she arrived at Professor Borathin's classroom, she found class was in session. Eyes wide with shock and anxiety, she froze in the doorway.

"Students, I present our demonstrator for the day. Come on in, child, don't be shy." The Professor said calmly. At least he didn't say her name, Cara thought, blushing as she crossed the room, feeling a room full of curious eyes on her. She glanced towards the students through her hair, then looked again. The watcher from the other day, the golden boy, was staring at her, riveted, from the first row of seats. When he caught her eye, he smiled slightly, curiosity writ large on his features.

The Professor didn't give her away, but he broke the rules all the same. He put her through her paces with simple, first-year magical tasks of each color. Cara obediently performed each one, careful to use the most traditional methods, focusing on the magic and ignoring the students who watched, some bored, some obediently taking notes, one intensely attentive. The golden watcher never took his eyes off her, did not even seem to blink- even trying not to be, Cara was aware of him peripherally. She was held there for the duration of the class. As soon as Professor Borathin dismissed her, and the other students, she bolted for the door.

Not fast enough. The watcher left his supplies on his desk, and rushed to catch her arm. "Tlexepa," he breathed softly, close to her ear: beauty.

"What?" Cara squeaked, avoiding his eyes.

"You said I should call you whatever I liked. So, until you give me your name, I'll call you Tlexepa." Cara glanced at his face, then looked past him at the other students, some converging towards the door. Several off the girls were glaring at her hatefully.

"I have to go." She said softly, slipping free of him.

He called after her, "Where do you have to go?" He sounded unhappy, like he expected her not to answer. Which she didn't. She expanded her hearing as she hurried away, and heard the watcher speaking to Professor Borathin.

"That girl? She's just an advanced student." Is all the response he received. Why was he so interested? Cara wondered, and returned to her research, but in her room, not the library.

She finally learned the identity of her watcher in the temple during the services on First Day. She worked behind the scenes with Morgan as usual while Seaphen Athar performed the services. She glimpsed him in the first row, and he looked right at her. Her hands shook as she handed Morgan the bowl of sacred water and rose petals.

Morgan quirked a brow. "What's the matter with you, Cara?" she whispered.

"That boy is watching me again." she responded in a tight voice. Morgan glanced, then smirked at her. They were not able to say more until after the service.

Cara tried to flee, but both the watcher and Morgan converged on her. "So, I find you again at last, Tlexepa." he said as he casually blocked her escape route. He had caught her in the priest's preparation room behind the altar, so at least this time there was no audience other than Morgan.

Cara looked to the older woman for help, but Morgan just smirked in self-satisfied quiet. Cara was on her own. "I-I didn't realize you were looking for me," she mumbled.

"I think you've been hiding from me," he accused mildly. "This college is not that large, and yet you alone of all the students are hard to find. You're not a ghost, are you?"

Cara smiled and cast her eyes down. "No, I'm not a ghost."

"Why all the secrecy? The professors will not even tell me your name." He leaned closer, Cara looked up into his piercing blue eyes. She opened her mouth to respond, but could think of nothing to say.

Morgan laughed. "Your Highness is having too much fun with a simple mystery." Both Cara and the watcher- was he truly the prince?- turned and looked at her.

Smirking, Morgan continued. "Cara, this young man you're so afraid of is none other than the son of the Derine-phayu, Lavada Eoceda Maca-nuada. Your Highness, this mystery girl is Sithecara, the most gifted sorceress born since the time of your Thaina Shicana ancestors, and she is a foundling of the Faith." She made sweeping gestures to each as she spoke, then placed one hand on her hip and waited for the result of her mischief.

Cara was stunned, hurt, by Morgan's revelation. She blushed furiously, and began to back away.

"You're a foundling? A Piresa?" Lavada was shocked as well. Cara looked at him, saw his face shuttered. She turned and ran. Morgan's laughter chased her all the way to her room.

In her room, Cara sat in the middle of her bed and stared at her hands. She put Morgan's revelation and the Prince's expression out of her mind, and simply focused on her hands. She imagined them growing, the fingers lengthening and growing claw like. A light fuzz sprung up on the back of her hand, while the underside grew leathery, the color drained out, and her nails thickened and lengthened into talons. Cara closed her eyes, imagining her body growing, stretching, she sprouted wings and flexed them, arched her long neck. She blinked and looked about, seeing the colors brighter and clearer. She climbed into the window and leaped out, catching the air with unfurled wings.

The reverie felt so real, she never heard the door open and close. When some one touched her arm, she jumped and hissed.

"Easy, Cara." Morgan said, arching a brow. "Sleeping sitting up?"

"What do you want?" Cara frowned, not ready to forgive Morgan for the embarrassing introduction just yet.

"I just came to check on you. You ran away so quickly." Uninvited, she sat on the edge of the bed.

"Seaphen Athar doesn't want anyone to know more than necessary about me. Why did you tell him who I am?" Cara snapped.

"Because I could tell he would not stop until the mystery was solved. Now he knows you're beneath him, by his standards. You won't be bothered by him anymore." came the airy response. "What were you dreaming about, Cara? The Stralis in here is fairly thick. You know you're not supposed to use unauthorized magic in the college."

"I wasn't using magic, I was just thinking." Cara frowned. Her skin tingled, and she wondered if she truly could become the beast of her imaginings and soar above all rules and troubles and secrets.

"Well, put the prince out of your head, Cara. Focus on important matters, like controlling your daydreams, before they get you in trouble." Morgan said.

"He isn't in my head," Cara protested. Morgan simply walked out of the room, laughing softly.

Unfortunately, the prince told everyone about the foundling sorceress, and Cara had to keep to her rooms and the hidden chambers and passes to avoid scrutiny and whispers behind her back. Once, in the hall leading to the library, several female students followed Cara and cornered her in an alcove.

"Can I help you?" She asked, forcing her voice calm. She sensed trouble in the hard set of the girls' faces, and hugged her satchel close.

"Aren't you that Piresa everyone has been talking about? What do you think you're doing?" Said their leader, a blonde too arrogant to be truly pretty.

"I'm minding my own business, as should we all." Cara replied simply.

The girl went livid. "How dare you speak to me that way? I am your superior." She stepped closer, and the others followed.

Cara was flustered, she felt overheated. She had not been taught what to do should this situation arise. They should not know who she was, then they would not care. Suddenly she was very angry with Morgan and the prince all over again. "I don't want to fight, please, there is no need. Peace has prevailed for so long, there is no reason to disrupt it now." She managed to sound calm, soothing, despite her own rising temper. Her efforts had the opposite effect, however. The girl snaked her hand into Cara's hair and pulled. Cara had not choice but to let her head be yanked down, or else risk loosing a clump of hair and possibly scalp. Then the other girls joined in, crying like cats as they tore at her clothes and hair. Cara screamed and struggled, struck out when she could, but there were more of them, and she was cornered. The futility of her situation was sinking in when she heard another voice join in the fray, though she could not make out what was said.

The newcomer waded in, but instead of helping the girls as Cara thought he would, she felt herself forcefully removed from her assaulters. She looked around, expecting her savior to be one of the professors...but it was Prince Lavada who had her arm now. She planted her feet and tried to pull free.

"Seaphen Athar sent me for you," he growled, and yanked her arm.

"I can find my way to his office without you," Cara insisted, wildly yanking her arm free.

He caught her wrist and pulled her hard so she stumbled against him; he caught her other arm, too, then. "Come with me," he hissed, "Seaphen Athar wants to see both of us." He glared at her icily, then looked past her, back to where the cluster of girls were still grumbling and making cruel remarks. Cara glanced back at them, then calmly stepped back from the prince and started for the Seaphen's office. He all too quickly released her once he saw she would go with him willingly.

They walked in silence for some time, then he spoke. "What did you think you were doing back there?"

Cara glared at him. "I didn't do anything, I was going to the library. They cornered me."

"So you attacked them?"

Cara stopped in her tracks, aghast. "They attacked me!"

He stopped and faced her, crossed his arms over his chest. "You must have provoked them somehow, I know those girls, and they don't roam around in packs looking for some one to tear to pieces."

"So, it must be all my fault." Cara declared hotly, continuing down the hall.

"Hm, well, your lack of respect for those above you is certainly annoying. You had better learn to be careful- you may be something special here, but out in the world you're just a useless Piresa." He snarled, spitting the last word at her. Cara froze and stared at him until he stopped again, waiting for her, but not turning. It was true she had never been conscious of social class. The realization that some people were hated for something out of their control- being born an orphan, for example- sunk her into a deep, introspective, and wounded silence. Neither said anything else until they reached Seaphen Athar's office.

Seaphen Athar was clearly surprised by Cara's disheveled state. "Cara, child, what happened to you?" He asked, and held out his arms. Without a thought of the watching prince, Cara ran to the man who was the closest thing to family she had in the world, and hugged him tight, stifled a sob against his beard. She muttered the whole story to him, including her new revelation, as the old man nodded, and stroked her long raven hair. Lavada stood by the door, watching with his usual intensity. At last Athar released her, and gestured them both to sit. They did, in the seats across from the Seaphen's desk.

"So, Cara, what did you tell our young Prince here about yourself?" he asked sternly.

"Nothing, I swear. It was Morgan." Cara swallowed. "I did my best not to say anything, but she just blurted out..."

"She- this Morgan- told me her name is Sithecara. That she's a gifted sorceress, which, I presume, is why she's here, despite being Piresa. Though there are other places one such as her could study." Lavada finished, his displeasure evident.

Seaphen Athar looked at him a long moment. "These things may be true, Your Highness, but let me remind you, it is a matter of business of the Faith who attends what college. Also, you are but a student, and subject to the rules of this premises. Your actions have endangered this girl, and it saddens me to see that you do not even see what you have done."

Cara glanced at Lavada, who looked completely taken aback, then she stared at her feet. "How have I endangered her?" He blurted out. "I wasn't the only one who had seen her and was curious, you know."

"You were the one who found out, then told everyone else. Because of this knowledge, those girls felt they had the right to confront and assault Cara." Athar said calmly. Lavada fell silent, holding back his defense this time. After a while, Athar continued, "I'll be appraising your parents of the situation, of the entire situation. As for your noble sensibilities, you needn't worry. Your peers and yourself will not be troubled by the disruptive presence of a Piresa anymore." He stood.

Cara stood immediately, trembling with fear of what his words must mean. Lavada stood stiffly and left the room, looking at neither of them.

Seaphen Athar sent her away. Not far, just to the manor house where the Alire that governed the territory the vausilica was on lived. She was to be treated as part of the Alire's household, and her lessons would continue. Most of her study was independent anyway; when she needed a professor, they would come to her. It was a distinguished honor. The Alire was Seaphen Athar's nephew, Coril Gireste Maca-ferel. He seemed as kind as his uncle, but even so, Cara was uneasy. She felt exiled, and even more lonely in unfamiliar surroundings.

Worst of all, she could not stop dreaming of Lavada, the golden prince who was the cause of this exile. Sometimes she dreamed of screaming at him, slapping his face...but more often her dreams were different; a kiss, a touch...she'd wake up aching with longing for something she could not quite name. Sometimes she even had these dreams while awake.

When she was not dreaming of him, she dreamed of becoming the strange white beast as before. She felt she could do it, if only she could remember how. But try as she might, the freedom of flight on leathery wings was elusive as the wind itself. She wondered far into the woods to find the right place to meditate and make at least one of her dreams reality.

She had been exiled for nearly two months when she finally found it, a small clearing with a pool of water rich with Stralis. She brought her lunch and ate under a willow near the pool. Then she sat and emptied her mind of all but transformation, willing it to happen. Weeks went by with little progress, but still she persisted. It occurred to her that part of the problem might be that she could not clearly recall the details of the beast in her dreams, and so could not clearly establish them in her spellweaving.

Her meditations were interrupted one day. She felt the transformation was almost in her grasp, actually felt her body lengthening, growing, but then her spell was shattered by a voice calling in the woods. "Tlexepa? Tlexepa!" Cara grew cold all over. She knew who called, and who he was calling for- but why?

She leaped to her feet and yelled, "Go away!" She scanned the forest around her. He was close, but she could not see him.

"No, I want to speak to you." He said calmly. He was getting closer. Cara growled and ducked under a bush, hoping to delay the inevitable. It was the wrong choice; now she saw his legs, he turned her way and stepped into the clearing. "There you are." He looked around the clearing appraisingly. "Lovely place, and a Stralis nest. Very nice."

"Go away," she repeated, standing slowly. She glared at him, though her heart fluttered like a bird in a cage to see his regal profile and untamed golden mane again.

"I'm sorry about what happened." He looked at her, his blue eyes piercingly sincere. Cara blinked. She didn't know what to say. He continued. "I've thought about what happened quite a lot in the last couple of months. I behaved badly, but you see, I thought you deceived me deliberately."

"Why would I do that?" She frowned.

He shrugged. "I can think of many reasons, and I'm so used to everyone trying to gain some advantage, using me for my status, I just assumed you were doing the same."
