 David woke up at around 8 o' clock in the morning. He was feeling really numb and half dead to begin with. He wondered what dream-like state he was in as he tried to differentiate between his trance and reality. Both of them seemed identical, except for the presence of a specter-like, bizarre woman. His hands were holding his penis lightly and he felt the odd feeling of the tightness that there is in having dried cum all over his chest and belly. He shook his head slightly to himself and rose up from the bed. He quickly dressed. He had stripped himself completely naked that evening before both in reality and in his dreams, before lying on the bed.

He went to go to the bathroom. He pulled the door gently to open it, like every other time he did this. But this time, the door didn't open. David panicked a little and, after few attempts, he realized that the door was locked from outside and he couldn't do anything about it. He sighed and walked back to his bed and sat down on it without doing anything in particular. He again covered himself up with the quilt and just rested, trying to enter his overnight dream world once again. But he could not sleep; the quilt and being prostrate just seemed to make him more uncomfortable. 

Out of boredom, David got a little frustrated and switched his cell phone on to chat with few friends. The chat gave birth to a naughty idea, 'Why not check out some porn' one of the things about David was that naughty ideas did not take long to germinate. He started to check through his cell phone looking for his favorite, some erotic, naughty, succubus action. He found it quite amusing, but also stimulating, to see demon girls serving a cock with no inhibitions, whilst being chained to the wall. However, the role played by the succubus in his dreams was totally at 180° from these girls.

He didn't know for how long he was checking this salacious material, but his member had grown rock hard and, slowly, he started to rub his cock while thinking of the blood red-eyed girl he saw in dreams. Soon, he found himself getting into his natural the rhythm and on his way to enjoy a perfect hand-job. He slid his hands up and down his rampant member while arching his body a little upwards. He moaned out loud, no-one else could hear him, he thought, and he rambled incoherent about his wonderful dream girl. His cock was now tight and hard and he started to feel the familiar shaky feeling in between his legs that signaled an oncoming orgasm. He twitched and tightened his toes and waited for it to arrive, sliding his hands up and down even faster than before. He was tight, he was expectant.

He can't hold his need to please himself for any longer and he erupts, shooting his Jims in strong streams all over his bed. He thinks, "Two massive orgasms in less than few hours gap between them, Gosh". He lies on the bed, naked and exhausted. Suddenly he hears a voice in his brain, "How dare you cum thinking of me in the real world? Well, the next time you sleep, there will be a nice surprise for you." 

The voice was that of Mistress Isumi's, his girl from his dreamland world. David froze with intense fear; he didn't except the spirit to haunt him when he was in the world of the living. He looked around and tried to protest, but it was all in vain as the spirit didn't response. However, she continued watching him.

He didn't cover himself up and continued to lie there in this state of trepidation, naked on the bed, sweating and panting from his recent exertion. This was the site that greeted his sister, Gloria, when she entered the room. He had, accidentally so, forgotten to lock his bedroom door last night. 

Gloria was a brunette, with a fabulous 'party girl' type body. Her eyes were the most appealing thing about her, blue in color and looking like two aquamarine bejeweled gems that naturally drew men, and women, towards her. She was nicely curvy with inviting, perfectly rounded and soft to the touch 36c. Her waist was very slim, a 24 inch one, and she tapered into two perfectly round and tight butt-cheeks that naturally jiggled and swung from one side to another when she walked. 

She was wearing a thin dress that acted as a diaphanous pink addition to her natural skin, giving her an illusion of being naked when she wasn't, but not compromising her perfect shape to any onlookers. She was wearing black panties underneath the dress; however, on top, she was 'au, her nipples prominent, and their little tips visible through her dress. She was always such a hottie even after just showering not that long ago. Her brunette hair was still damp, cascading down and over her face forming their naturally curly locks. Her hair was thick and full and embraced her face, exaggerating her piercing blue eyes.

David freaked out to see her sister stroll into the room without even knocking so as just to catch him totally off-guard. He knew that his sister was some hottie, always ready to flaunt herself and tease any man, even him. But, this morning, he never imagined this much, her raw alluring appeal more than evident. His cock twitched again and started to point its little head upwards again. Being the owner of such a small cock, he did find that he could get hard and stay that way almost all the time, irrespective of the circumstances. 

He jumped out o f the bed to go try and hide on the opposite side of it to where his sister was standing, and then cover himself up. The spirit voice again rose menacingly in his head, "You should beg to be her slave, you will love it." 

David quickly argued about it in his brain, his brotherly logic taking over. However, his alter-ego continued and ignored him, her voice adding, "Don't worry; you are destined to enter slave hood both with me and in your reality world. That is your fate and destiny, now go!"

At first, Gloria blushed to see his brother holding his tiny dick in his hand and lying on the bed exhausted and panting, and then trying to find some camouflage. Soon the blush was replaced with tremendous laughter. 

Gloria started to giggle loudly while she said, "Come on out David, I know you have a small cock, we all know that, don't be shy. I even saw you wanking there but it is ok, David, you are a young adult and I am so please, for God's sake, be less shy and come out. You have a small dick and you can't replace it, but you can change the way you live." 

Partly due to the order of his Mistress and then what his sister had just said, David put his head up from under the bed Gloria smiling at him, "Come here and sit on the bed, come on, do it now David."

David didn't argue about it as he thought that would just increase his humiliation and embarrassment. He got up and walked to the bed and thinking how he should obey Mistress Isumi and how odd this situation was. Gloria didn't believe in any modesty or family taboos, so she simply took his little cock in to her hands and started to pat it gently on the underside. 

She started to stroke it gently and the clit-like cock soon reached its full 3' hardness. She smirked sadly at him, "I am sorry David, you are so small that you can't be a part of our fun, you know." As David started to say something to her, she pressed her finger on his lips and cut him off midway, "Shut up, David and let me finish, first." 

She paused and continued to maintain silence for few minutes, while she saw the discomfort and eagerness of David to speak.

"So see, David, the basic thing is that because of this you are of little use to Mom or me, as sad as you would so enjoy our 'family' trysts!" David was red with shame to hear this sexual lecture from his sister, just 2 years older than himself. He finally realized that it would be a good time to test the waters as to the concept of being her slave, just as his mistress spirit ordered. He looked down at the ground and said, in complete embarrassment, "Well, David, what is it, out with it and no stammering." "Umm, sister, how can I put this politely and I completely understand if you say no. Have you considered power exchange, I mean switching positions in our roles?"

Gloria looked at him in surprise, no somewhat stunned. David figured out that she needed some more explanation. "Well, I hope you have heard a little about feminine domination, femdom, so would it be possible that you and mom try that with me, you two being my dominating ones. I know that you too are submissive and that Mom is the true domme but it could be all about the family pecking order, certainly sexually. Mom knows about it, I am sure. You should ask her."

Gloria didn't say a word and simply left the room, locking the door and David in. He was trembling now, fearing that he may have crossed his own threshold of decency and independence. Some two hours passed, it felt like a lifetime and then he heard giggling voice and footsteps outside his room.

The door opened sharply with force, and David's sister and mom entered the room with a Cheshire cat grins on their faces. There was a period of initial, tense silence between all three of that was finally broken by his mother, Judy, "So, you want to be a sissy slut for girls then David?" 

She carefully looked at him, spotting the nice little erection he had between his legs. "Oh my, you are already hard, like a good sissy slut. I always knew you were bound to become like this. You have always come across as being rather feminine and weak. I have just waited for this moment when you would speak up and beg for something like this."

Judy was a 46 years old, and despite her advance into the mid-forties, she still had an almost perfect young womanly shape. Despite having had her children, she was incredibly svelte. She was a natural brunette just like her daughter, Gloria. However, the main difference between them was their eyes. Unlike Gloria, Mrs. Judy had very dark, almost black eyes that naturally gave her a stern and dominating appearance. She sneered at him.

"So, at this point you just want to be a lowly, sissy slave and servant for us. Well, forget wearing clothes of your choice, you will stay naked most of the time and if you are dressed, it will be as a girl. You are will also be naked of hair under your eyebrows and you will ensure that there isn't even the slightest bit of stubble. Outside anything sexual, you will do all the household jobs, including the dirty ones from now on. In fact, your first duty is to clean the toilet spotlessly clean with just water and a piece of cloth. I don't want any delay - go now!"

David didn't say a word and left the room trembling, but also with a mixed feeling of excitement and humiliation. He took a piece of cloth and headed towards the toilet. Gloria came with him and stood by the toilet door; she smiled, "Mom told me to supervise you, so get on your job, slut."

The verbal abuse was also something David enjoyed very much. He blushed and entered the toilet room and got on all his fours. He took a bucket of water and wet the cloth dipping it entirely inside it. He started to scrub the floor applying lots of force. Cleaning off old dust and dirt from a wet floor was one of the most tedious jobs to do and it required tenacity and, at the same time, reminding him of his new lowly status; he was finally able to clean it.

Gloria smiled and chuckled looking at tired David , "Good Job but slut the toilet bowl is still dirty, you should clean it too and do it now." David moaned a little, but the whining was erased away with a strong kick to his little balls. He turned to face his sister, almost crying. He saw that she was enjoying this as much as one can. "Do you want another kick down there? If not, then it up now." 

David jumped up from the pain and started to scrub the dirt off the odorous toilet, flushing from time to time. He heard Gloria chuckling behind him and whispering with a mockery, "Such a good servant you are David, I wonder what you are like as a sexual toy. Under performance, well then it won't be good."

David realized the mockery and indirect threat from his sister, he said, "I will try my best. So, don't worry about it." He walked out of the toilet, tired and exhausted, having a smile of satisfaction on his face, that he had performed the wash like his mom ordered him to. He entered the living room where his mom was enjoying a soap opera on the television. He said from behind, in a very gentle voice, "Mom, I have finished the job."

He made sure that his cock was soft and then walked in front of her, kneeling on the floor, and looking at her eagerly for her reply.

She gave an approving nod and placed her legs on his head casually as if his head was just a footstool of hers to let her legs rest. He looked up into her eyes to check if she was going to order him to do something. Not a single expression on her face changed. 

After waiting for a long time, naked in front of his mom and sister, his penis was rock hard with humiliation again. His mom was waiting for something like this come up, she said smirking, "When your dad is not here, then Gloria won't be our family slut, she will be replaced by you. When he is present, then Gloria will be used and abused by your dad as usual but you are going to be even below that, only to be used by us, me and Gloria. And see, you are such a slut as you are hard again, unnecessarily so in front of me and your sister. "

David nodded in approval. His mother smiled and patted his dick gently with her dirty feet, "So, slut, there are few rules that you definitely need to obey. They are:

1.No clothes for you inside the house, whether we are alone or not and unless we specify what you will wear which certainly will not be masculine. Sometimes there may be outdoor action too, but they will have special conditions set at the time, otherwise your default is that you are naked.

2.You must be always shaved down there because sissies are not allowed to have pubic hair.

3.You must ask permission for each and everything, like when to use bathroom, when to enjoy a nice self pleasure, and even when to drink or eat. You are certainly not allowed to choose anything for yourself.

4.Your humiliation and abuse and anything may be captured via cameras for our pleasure.

So, David these are your rules from now on, do you agree?"

David was speechless to hear such commands and the idea of being restricted by such rules and regulations made his skin crawl. But he was so close to step down further into his fetish he couldn't back down from there. He swallowed hard, "Yes, mom I accept the rules."

He was trembling with fear inside and thinking what will happen to him from now on. He was blaming himself for getting into this mess when he heard his Mistress telling him, "Don't worry slut, this is what you can do best. Don't be afraid and just move forward, you will soon start to love this way of life. Believe me; if not now, you will be forced to love this future, either way you soon will adjust to it."

Mom giggled and said, pointing to Gloria, "Go and bring the shaving cream and razor, honey. I know he is bare down there but we can't miss the fun we can have, and bring the cameras also." Gloria was more than happy to obey; she soon returned with the stuff. 

She handed over the camera to mom. Judy started to take the video of his first family sexual humiliation as Gloria started to massage the foam all over the base of his cock and around it. Judy commented, smirking, "He must love it, you know." 

By now, David's cock was standing erect again, responding in its little way to every touch. Gloria completed his first shame by shaving off the cream from his body and how she grinned in pleasure at doing this.

Gloria pulled him up, grabbing his tiny dick gently and brought him over in front of their mom. She smiled as she motioned him to come forward in slow steps, so as to not wanting to spoil the fun by hurrying. Judy grinned and placed her hands on the underside of his balls and lifted them up while his dick was still hard, even during this humiliation. She was giggling with pure evil and a nasty idea started to formulate to put her son into even more embarrassment, "What is this son? I don't remember seeing anything like this before, in my entire life you know. It resembles a clit to me" 

She was running her hands all over the base of his cock to make it even harder. Gloria had been out of the room and came back in. She was carrying a pink ribbon attached with a small cardboard plaque at one end. She tied the free end to the shaft of his cock and smiled. The board said, "I am a SISSY SLUT." 

From David's and her mother's face, Gloria sensed something fun was going on, so she sat down on the sofa to enjoy the game. David answered, almost crying, "This is my cock, mom." 

Both Gloria and Judy burst into laughter when they saw how David was fighting off his tears. He added, "You are my mom, how can you be so rude?" 

His psyche and control had snapped as he was crying.

Gloria felt a little for him because she was submissive too. But not her mom, Judy was as dominant as they come and she knew almost all sluts, when being brought into the femdom world, start by crying and protesting. 

She knew that when the submissive person is crying, comforting him will make him cry even more but, by pushing him further, he would be able to grasp it quicker. She felt that this was the moment that he needed to be pushed a little more, so she said, "Oh my god, I am sorry to hurt your feelings. But if you call this thing a cock, you see it's not my fault either."

Just like Judy had predicted, with the comment David realized that this was not some place where whining or crying would help him out. He had no way to escape. He needed to admit that and work according to what he was told to do. He wiped off the tears from his eyes and looked down, trying to adapt to the situation. He again felt the hands cupping his balls but this time he didn't flinch or say anything. His mom's voice said, "Well, since your father is gone for a weekend, we three are going to have a lot of fun, you know."

David just nodded and didn't say anything because there was no point in giving vent to his own opinion, it would not matter a hoot. Gloria said with a glee, "Oh, my friend Lily is coming over here, in fact any minute now. I forgot to tell you, hope it won't be a problem, mom."

Judy just laughed and nodded her head indicating that she was ok with it. Gloria looked at David; he was completely narrow-eyed now, her plan slowly dawning on him. He realized that this could be his first humiliation in front of strangers and that he was required to get acquainted with. Gloria clapped her hands, "Great, so I must prepare some lunch for her. And, Slut, I want you to have your erection long gone before she comes here."

David used lot of his willpower to shrink the cock to normal size. He did this by thinking of something else, totally irrelevant, like the clear blue sky and any useless information he can think of to keep his cock down. When the main door bell rang he went to the different room to wait for his next order. 

He was sitting there with fear when he heard Gloria greeting her friend, Lily, with plenty of gust and life. She told Lily to sit down on the sofa while she would arrange for some drinks. Gloria shouted, "David, please bring us three glasses of Vodka and ice." She used the word please not to raise any suspicion in Lily's mind.

David's heart skipped few beats as he heard the order. He prepared the drinks and placed them on a tray. He picked it up and started to walk into the living room with it. A loud gasp from Lily was clearly audible when she first saw, David, naked and shaved down there and most funny of all a small board was attached down there and that was swinging away as it banged into his legs. David placed the tray on the table in front of Lily and looked up. Lily seized the board and held it up to read the line from it.
