 Jordan manned the grappling hook as another pod came into orbit. It would have been clearly visible by the naked eye if Jordan's control cubicle had windows but fortunately the view screens before him were ultra high resolution so he probably wouldn't have been able to tell the difference anyway. Capturing pods was not something he had to do personally, the stations automated programming could easily perform this task and did so hundreds of times per week. 

But Jordan sometimes found it enjoyable to take manual control of the grappling hook, it was the closest thing he had to sport on the small station. Plus if the automated systems ever went down, he would have to do it manually so practice was essential, he told himself. The pods had to keep moving on their slow journey to mother Earth come hell or high water. Or more appropriate frozen water.

But for Jordan, the real reason he was using the hook was because to distract himself. The small station was cramped for the five occupants on board so when two of them had sex, privacy was not an option. What made it worse was that one of the people was Jordan's wife Samantha.

Jordan had worked for the Corps all his life but had found working his way up the ladder back on Mother Earth a highly competitive task. So when he had enquired about off world opportunities, he had been offered the position of commander of Telesto station at the Saturn-Tethys L4 point he almost accepted on the spot. But it was a 5 year rotation with a further 10 years spent in transit cryo so he spoke to his wife first. Jordan had been shocked when Samantha not only told him to accept the new role but told him she would be coming with him.

Samantha moaned as one of the men plundered her body's treasures. It had been over a year now and Jordan was still coming to terms with his situation. When Jordan had informed the Corps of not only his decision but also his wife's intention he had not been met with the resounding no as expected. In fact he was told Samantha had contacted them and agreed to take the position of Comfort Assistant. 

Jordan was shocked and angry by the news, knowing full well what the position would entail. When he confronted his wife, she was unapologetic.

"Do you know I will get paid more than you for five years? We will be rich!" Samantha declared ignoring her husband's question. Money was the last thing Jordan was considering.

"But you are going to spend five years being fucked by every ice and rock rat around Saturn. How could you possibly do that?"

"The sex will be fun. I have spent my entire life being cautious and refined and missed out on so much. This is an opportunity to really enjoy myself, far away from anyone who could judge me and still have my loving husband by my side."

"But for five years. You will get tired of it and what then?"

"Tired of having orgasms? If that ever happens kill me. You don't need to worry about that."

"If you insist on doing this, I will pull out of my role."

"And destroy your career that we have both worked hard to foster. All over some minor insecurity. What I'm doing shows the Corps we are company people. It will put you on the fast track." Jordan hated the fact she was right.

"I forbid you to go," Jordan declared, frustrated by his wife's well considered responses. But Samantha just looked at him, her expression confirming his lack of power on the situation.

She then smiled softly and stepped towards him curling into his arms that opened involuntarily at her approach.

"You know I love you, I just want what's best for you." Jordan declared as he felt his anger melt away.

"I know. And no matter what happens you are my man and I will never neglect you or make you feel second to anyone."

And Samantha had been true to her word. One year in and she had maintained and even increased their intimacy and affection, all the while taking to her new role with gusto.

Jordan looked down on his console. The pod was still 10 minutes away more than enough time to take a peek. As station commander, Jordan had access to all internal sensors. As much as he hated to admit it, he had become addicted to watching his wife's exploits, despite how torn and conflicted it made him feel.

So as Jordan places his finger on the control pad, the pod on the screen before him was replaced by a dimly lit room. It was the main common room, a public space that all five crew shared. Very early on Samantha had made it a rule that she would normally fuck in the common room, as she enjoyed the space it afforded. It was one of the largest spaces on the station, much larger than the closet sized quarters they were all assigned.

Jordan zoomed in on the main lounge in the centre of the room and immediate recognised his wife. Jordan had met Samantha 10 years (subjective time) ago and had found her to be a pretty, kind, albeit shy woman with a sweet personality. Once he had finally convinced her to sleep with him he was taken aback by the overt sexuality of her body. 

Her blonde hair, which she normally wore up and back cascaded over her slender shoulder and down the top of her bust. Her breasts were larger than he had expected, at least D cups that were perky and full with round pink nipples. Her breasts gave way to a flat stomach perfected through years of crunches and cardio. A light strip of blonde hair led away from her stomach to her pussy, which Jordan soon discovered was very tight. Samantha had not been very sexually experienced when they met which was apparently a strong part of her motivation to be a deep space whore. She had long curvy legs and a prominent ass that Jordan loved to give a good hard smack.

Jordan had always held the fact he alone knew and appreciated his wife's incredible body as a matter of pride. But now he was not so privileged. Samantha had now shared her body with countless men (Jordan had literally lost count) everyone of them feasting on all the pleasures she had to offer.

Jordan could tell that Samantha was on top of her lover, riding him with steady and forceful thrusts that undoubtedly buried the man's hard cock deep into her wet wanton pussy. As she did her large breasts bounced, stopped only by her lover's hands and mouth enjoying their fullness. Jordan could hear Samantha's moaning increase, both through the speakers of his console but also through the thin walls of the station. The sight and sound of his wife being pleasured made Jordan painfully hard, an involuntary reaction to the overt eroticism of the moment. He unzipped his fly and removed his own cock, stroking it as he watched his wife have sex.

After a couple of minutes, Samantha dismounted her lover who stood and turned in behind her. It was the stations second engineer Sean. Sean was a young talented engineer cutting his teeth in a deep system posting. He was easy enough to get along with and has never been any trouble for Jordan. He hadn't believed his luck when he found out the wife of the new station commander was going to be a comfort assistant and the young man wasted little time enjoying the unexpected perk. He had regularly fucked Samantha for over a year now, probably more than any other man around Saturn and part of the reason was his body. 

Unlike Jordan's slightly overweight, average body, Sean had a toned, muscular, athletic physique. He was tall with wide shoulders that gave him a swimmers body, while his short dark hair, brown eyes and defined jaw made him objectively attractive. But Samantha had quickly discovered that it was his cock that she would find the most attractive. Jordan watched as Sean stood up behind Samantha, who was now leaning over the sofa. He still couldn't believe Sean's cock was real - over nine inches long and proportionally thick. Jordan glanced down at his comparatively small cock currently in his hand and found it hard to deny Sean's physical superiority.

Jordan zoomed in on his wife, finding her so incredibly sexy. As he did, Samantha looked directly at the sensor and smiled devilishly She knew he was watching and seemed to love putting on a show for him. Jordan had first watched his wife have sex with another man the first night on board, when he and the other crew members took it in turns fucking Samantha in the common area. Both Jordan and Samantha had been very nervous but the alcohol Jordan had brought to toast the start of his tenure helped a lot. A drunken strip tease was followed by Samantha's first encounter with Sean, which ended in a thunderous scream filled orgasm and a mouth full of cum. At that moment, despite continued feelings of concern and jealousy, Jordan knew he had to accept what was happening.

Samantha's coy smile was suddenly replaced by a silent scream as Sean's impressive cock penetrated her well used pussy from behind. Contorted by the most intense pleasure, Samantha's face told Jordan everything he needed to know - that his wife was having the best sex of her life and regretted nothing. Sean quickly built up pace, thrusting his big cock hard and deep in Samantha's pussy. Samantha arched her back accepting all that Sean had to offer, while his hands reached around and cupped her full breasts. She did not react as he firmly pinched and twisted at her nipples, she was to enraptured by the servicing she was receiving from Sean's cock.

Jordan could hear the slap of Sean's hips against Samantha's round ass as he showed her pussy no mercy. He simply used her body for his own pleasure with no regard for Samantha. And she would have it no other way, as she held on to the edge of the sofa as her body was violated so perfectly. Samantha's moans had been replace by screams as orgasm after orgasm cascaded through her body. Her face contorted at the extreme pleasure of an orgasm that never truly abated, all of her effort being required to simply keep herself conscious. 

"God you fuck me so good," Samantha squealed as Sean pace quickened as he too approached orgasm.

"Take it slut," Sean grunted. Jordan felt defensive of his wife when she was called such names but they seemed to make Samantha even more excited. 

As Jordan stroked his cock watching his wife getting fucked incredibly hard an alarm on his console rang. 

"Shit," Jordan exclaimed as he quickly flicked the view screen back to the approaching pod. He couldn't believe 10 minutes had gone by so quickly. The previously distant speck had been replaced by a large silver irregular sphere mirroring the dim light of Saturn and the distant sun. While it was referred to as a pod in reality it was simply a reflective foil wrapped completely around a gigantic piece of ice. Water was the commodity that Telesto traded in, capturing the fruits of mining efforts on Saturn's moon Tethys before sending them on their slow journey via the Interplanetary Transport Network back to mother Earth. The pod would be handled by another 5 Lagrange stations across the Solar System before finally reaching Earth orbit and being used as fuel for the orbital and Lunar industries.

Jordan tried to concentrate as he positioned the grappling hook for capture. He hard cock still free, he tried to ignore his own painfully unmet arousal and the now boisterous screams of his wife. But he was a professional and at just the right moment, when the pod entered orbit of the L4 point he fired the grappling hook. The homing beacon on the pods main thruster and capture manifold meant Jordan's aim didn't have to be perfect but given the distances involved, he still had to be pretty accurate.

He watched the tethered hook travel further and further from the station and approach the pod and within minutes he confirmed capture. He quickly began the retraction process that would slowly manoeuvre the pod into the right position allowing for the lowest energy transfer onto the appropriate ITN pathway. He let the computer do all the calculations for that, the pathways were always moving. Instead he quickly flicked his screen back to the common area hoping to witness the last moments of his wife's copulations. As the common room appeared he saw Samantha was now on her knees while Sean frantically stroked his member. Within moments he began to cum, showering Samantha's face and tits with his sticky white seed, much to her obvious pleasure. As Samantha began to wipe the cum into her mouth, Sean dressed in his one piece work suit.

"Thanks babe," Sean said, "again later tonight?"

"I am fucking Nathaniel after dinner but you can do my ass after that if your interested."

"Absolutely, see you then," Sean replied enthusiastically before leaving the common area.

After Sean had left Samantha turned to one of the sensors on the wall and smiled, continuing to eat the cum on her face and tits.

"Did you enjoy that sweetie?" Samantha said to her watching husband, a naughty smile on her face. Jordan didn't waste any time. He left the control cubicle and headed straight for the common area to show his wife just how much he enjoyed her show. He may have been conflicted by his circumstances, feelings pangs of jealousy at the fact his wife was no longer his alone. But that didn't mean he pass up the opportunity to use her sexy body and dump another load of cum on her pretty face. She may have been his loving wife, but she was also a deep space whore and he was never going to pass up the opportunity to treat her just how she deserved.