 The next two weeks were a blur of dizzying, mind-blowing passion. 

Some days, Eri would ride Art wildly in the cowgirl position, shaking her hips to aggressively bring him to orgasm after orgasm. This allowed the worker apians to swarm all over her and Art's bodies, bringing yet more pleasure from hundreds of tiny kisses, licks and caresses. 

Other days, Eri would lie on top of or beneath Art, pressing their two bodies together in tender intimacy. The queen apian would control her pussy with incredible dexterity, slowly but surely bringing Art to the peak. She would alternate between kissing him gently and bringing one of her great teats to his mouth for him to gulp down her delectable honey. 

In addition to conventional sex, they engaged in numerous other activities, some of which Art didn't know the names of. One warm afternoon, Eri covered her body in honey and did the same to Art's, then hugged him from behind and jerked him off. When Art had asked for something particularly adventurous, she had smiled and sandwiched his shaft between the seemingly-endless cheeks of her ass, rubbing him until the limit, then slammed her ass down and made him fill her bowels with semen. And, one enchanting evening, Eri had used her transparent wings to caress Art's entire body. The sensation was novel but no less amazing than any of the others, and within minutes Art had stained Eri's beautiful wings white. 

Throughout these two weeks, the pleasure was so intense that Art wasn't able to respond in kind. He initially felt shame at that, but it soon became apparent that he wasn't the only one enjoying the experience. The apians, workers and queen alike, let out purrs of delight upon simply touching Art. He had heard that women felt less pleasure from vaginal sex then men, but Eri moaned with each thrust of Art's cock in her honeypot. And when he climaxed... the expressions of bliss on the apians' faces were something that he would never be able to forget. To them, his semen was the ambrosia of the gods. 

Throughout this time, Art was also treated to various kinds of food. The worker apians were masters of gathering and preparing the foods of the forest and, while they refused to use fire, they assured Art that everything would be safe for him to eat. And all of it was delicious. Fruits and berries from the trees and shrubs, mushrooms of various shapes and sizes, even a few insects which Art was initially reluctant about but, after giving them a try, gobbled down with relish. 

Of course, the bee-based Sylvalans produced foods of their own. Instead of milk, they lactated a thin form of honey, almost like nectar, which they happily slathered onto their food or slurped up directly. Of course, said honey was an aphrodisiac, so meals resulted in everybody being in the mood for another hectic orgy. And experiencing pleasure, which obviously included sexual pleasure, caused the apians to lactate more, resulting in a positive feedback loop. 

On top of the honey, there was royal jelly: a white soupy liquid which the workers made by mixing their saliva and vaginal secretions and letting the mixture settle for a month. The result was delicious beyond words: when Art had his first taste, a mere spoonful caused him to almost black out. When his thoughts were clear again, he was once again balls-deep in Eri and covered in writhing workers. 

Each day, Art experienced delights that surpassed the imagination. That said, he didn't spend all his time having ball-draining sex, as pleasant as the idea sounded. 

*** 

For some reason, Art woke up one day with a desire to draw something, anything. He asked the workers to bring him something to draw with and something to draw on. They fulfilled this request, bringing back a large chunk of charcoal and some sheets of smooth pale bark which naturally flaked off a local species of tree. Art broke off pieces of charcoal until he had something vaguely pencil-shaped. 

It was currently quiet, as Eri was sleeping - she preferred to wake up late in the morning - and most of the workers were out of the hive on various tasks. Art made use of this lull in activity to practice his new hobby. 

Art looked around for a suitable subject and spotted a purple flower, growing on a vine covering one of the trees. The bright colour stood out against the relatively dark bark, so he settled on this flower. Sitting down, Art began to draw. 

As might be expected, his initial efforts were terrible. At first, he couldn't even maintain a consistent pressure with the charcoal. He broke the charcoal several times and even managed to pierce through the bark on one occasion. After that, he had trouble drawing the desired thickness of lines, and after that he had trouble drawing straight lines or curves as needed. Along the way, he discovered that one of the trees that made up the hive had leaves that were good for wiping away the charcoal marks, so he used them as erasers. 

Eventually, Art started drawing the flower, but then he ran into another problem. The worker apians had become interested in what he was doing and began pestering him to draw them instead. Since one subject was much the same as another, he agreed. 

Art started with sketching out the shapes of one worker's body. He drew an oval for the head, a distorted rectangle for the torso, and lines for the legs. He didn't remember where he'd learned this piece of information, but it provided a guideline for what to do next. 

Unfortunately, the workers couldn't wait that long. It seemed that they did everything at several times normal speed, and had a proportionately-short attention span. 

"Hurry up!" 

"We can't wait all day!" 

"You're too slow!" 

"Drawing's a slow process, you'll need to be patient - " Art began explaining, though only half-heartedly as he could predict what would happen next. 

"Too slow! You need to be punished!" the workers cried out. As one, they flew up and descended on Art's body. 

Like usual, the workers targeted Art's lips, neck, nipples, cock, balls and other weak points. However, Art wasn't the same as when he first came to the hive. With considerable effort, he managed to remain standing despite the pleasurable assault. And he wasn't just passive, he now began to fight back as well. Art grabbed a worker in each hand and carefully rubbed their bodies with his fingers, teasing their faces, their breasts, their pussies, their wings and everywhere else. 

Speaking metaphorically, the workers were all offence and no defence. It wasn't long before they started writhing around in the throes of ecstasy. Art put the two workers down gently and continued on to the next two, but the workers were persistent and Art didn't know if he'd be able to bring all of them to orgasm before they did the same to him. 

"Girls! Stop that now!" 

Fortunately, he didn't have to. Eri had woken up and immediately stopped the "fight". Since she sat up, Art could clearly see the bulge in her stomach. He had felt a little weird when he first saw the sign of her pregnancy, as a small part of him was against knocking up someone he had just met, but now he had gotten used to it. 

Art explained the situation, then Eri turned towards her daughters and said sternly, "So, you decided to attack him because you weren't patient enough to let him finish drawing you, something that you requested. As punishment, go out and bring back twice the usual load." 

The workers quickly hurried out. Eri sighed and said to Art, "I'm sorry for how they behaved. If I'd done a better job raising them..." 

"No, it's okay," Art replied. "If you want to pay me back, then you could be my model in their place." 

Eri agreed and, after some discussion, settled into a simple sitting pose. Art took up charcoal and bark and resumed drawing. 

Art sketched out the shapes again and then moved on to adding details, beginning with Eri's face. It took a lot of trial and error, with Art having to erase almost everything several times. Even when he began to get the hang of drawing, he found it difficult to recreate what he saw before him. He wondered if it was due to the makeshift materials he was using, but dismissed that thought. He decided that it was simply his own inferior skills, which weren't up to the task of drawing the divine beauty of Eri's face. Art even doubted that a professional could have done the job - she was simply that unbelievably gorgeous. 

Art eventually decided that he couldn't improve the face of his drawing any further, so he moved on. He took a good look at the next part he would be drawing: Eri's magnificent bosom. Just by looking, Art was reminded of its overpowering combination of size, softness and elasticity. Her figure should have been comical, with breasts that together surpassed the rest of her chest in size, yet Art had never felt it to be anything less than heart-stoppingly erotic. 

When Art started tracing the outline of one breast, he remembered the countless times he'd run his hands over the surface of the real thing, savouring the feeling. When he closed his eyes and tried to think of something else, all that came to mind were yet more images and sensations of the very thing he tried to avoid. 

"Are you distracted by something?" Eri asked playfully, bringing Art back to reality. 

"Huh!? No, it's - I'm just trying to concentrate, that's all," Art replied hurriedly. His answer was made even less convincing by the fact that his eyes had again gravitated to a certain part of Eri's anatomy. 

"Hmm. Well, sorry to disturb you," Eri said. She then moved her chest ever so slightly, causing her breasts to jiggle beautifully. 

Art tried to move the charcoal across bark again, but his hands were now shaking too much to draw anything. He sighed and said, "You're doing this deliberately, aren't you?" 

"Of course!" Eri said, with a dazzling smile that would have instantly landed her a job as a supermodel on Earth. As Art had learned over the past two weeks, while Eri did mostly have a benevolent and tolerant personality, she also had just a tiny trace of wickedness as well. "But you know, I don't think that you'll be able to draw properly if you're distracted. So why don't you take a break and... relax?" 

Art put down his drawing tools and thought, Well, she does have a point. It's not like I'll get too far on my first day anyway, and it'll be enjoyable for both of us. Wait, 'first day'? 

An unidentified feeling ran through Art's mind, but it was quickly overpowered by the lust and love that he felt for the gorgeous woman in front of him. 

Art moved forward and joined with Eri, the two of them tumbling onto the soft ground. Without needing words, they settled into a position that they had used several times before - 69. Eri climbed on top of Art with her body oriented in the opposite direction, so that her face was just above Art's cock and Art's face was inches away from Eri's soaking wet pussy. The two of them breathed on each other's genitals, in eager anticipation of what came next. 

Art, still the less experienced of the two, hesitated, so Eri took the first blow. She eagerly took Art's length into her mouth. With her lips and tongue, she performed a sweet fellatio with heart-stealing skill. 

Managing to gain the will to move, Art gripped Eri's ass, his fingers sinking into the soft flesh of her ample cheeks, and pulled it down so that he could lick her pussy. The taste of her love juices contained sweetness similar to her saliva and honey, but with a hint of saltiness as well. It was just as delicious as her other fluids, and Art licked and licked non-stop to make her produce more. He ran his tongue clumsily along Eri's lower lips, occasionally remembering to focus on her sensitive clit to make her moan in delight. 

As they licked and sucked each other, it was clear that the two of them were not approaching orgasm equally. Art could feel the mounting pressure in his balls as he neared the peak - Eri was simply that good. 

No, Art thought. I've been letting her take care of me all this time - I need to make her feel good as well! 

Deciding to try something new, Art cautiously extended his tongue and slipped it into the warm depths of Eri's pussy. Her walls contracted and massaged his tongue as though it were a cock, and bathed it in even greater quantities of her sweet-and-salty juices. Art nearly lost control again, but managed to move his tongue, twirling it in slow circles. 

Experiencing this new sensation, Eri moaned even more, her mouth vibrating around Art's cock and giving him yet more pleasure. His cock twitched in preparation to shoot its load, but Art persevered. He kept licking the inside of Eri's pussy, trying to find the perfect spot, right up to the end. 

Art arched his back and came. Torrents upon torrents of white semen spurted from the tip of his shaft. Initially Eri kept her mouth on Art's shaft and greedily drank it down - she'd described the semen of human men as the perfect balance of deliciousness and nutrition for her kind. But these days Art no longer produced a human amount of semen, and his ejaculation continued for over five seconds, forcing Eri to withdraw and let the rest splash all over her face. 

Art gasped. The orgasm had been just as intense as when he'd first arrived here, if not more, and had stayed at that level for the entire time he was ejaculating. And even after all that, he was still as hard as before, still wanted more. 

Eri raised her body and turned around, playfully pinning Art's cock beneath her huge ass. She showed Art that his semen had splattered all over her face, her hair, some dripping down her neck and onto her enormous bosom. Using her fingers and tongue, she carefully cleaned it all off and ate it all. 

Looking down at Art, Eri said, "Delicious. And you've improved a lot as well." 

"I still have a long way to go, though," Art replied. "Do you have any idea why I'm - why I've started - " 

"Actually, I do," Eri said. "I heard from my mother, and this is a rumour that she heard from other queens, that apian royal jelly has a transformative effect on the human body. It increases your libido, your sexual sensitivity, your stamina, and in the case of men, the amount of semen you produce." 

"'In the case of men', you said - does that mean that you've seen human women here as well?" Art asked. 

"Not personally," Eri said. "That's another thing I've only heard from others. It seems that human women rarely appear here, though not as rarely as Permanents like you do." 

Eri leaned over and dipped her finger in a wax pot filled with royal jelly. She brought that finger close to Art's mouth and said, "I'm still in the mood for more, and judging from this," Eri bounced her hips slightly, squashing Art's cock underneath her heavenly-soft ass, "you are as well. So do you want to keep going?" 

Art didn't need to be asked twice. He licked the royal jelly, filling his body and especially his cock with furious energy. 

Eri lifted up her hips, guided Art's hard shaft to her entrance, and brought her hips down. 

*** 

Art continued to enjoy his new life with the apians. Continued consumption of royal jelly gave him indisputably superhuman stamina, allowing him to spend a majority of his time having sex and last for hours at a time. Outside of sex, he continued to practice his drawing and also started learning about the world around him. He learned the names of the countless animals and plants in the forest - and that the forest itself was named the Morphea Forest. He also learned about important people in the forest, one of whom stuck in his mind. 

In a moment of quiet, Art asked Eri about this, "Excuse me, Eri, but what do you know about the Queen of the Forest?" 

This question caused Eri to cast her eyes down. "I'm guessing that you heard about it from my daughters. It's... not a pleasant topic." 

"That's the impression I got as well, they didn't have a single good thing to say about her," Art said. 

"Mmm..." Eri said, trying to think of a tactful way to answer. "First of all, the Queen of the Forest is a dryad. That's a type of plant Sylvalan who lives inside, and is permanently connected to, a tree. The Queen - no one knows her actual name - is the self-declared ruler of this entire forest." 

"Wait - the entire forest?" Art said. "From what I've heard, this forest is huge, with tens of thousands of residents. How can she claim to rule it all?" 

"Through a time-honoured method - force," Eri said ruefully. "She defeated all those who dared challenge her and made them her servants. She did so in the traditional Sylvalan style - a battle of sex, where the loser is the first to climax. The Queen is quite old - some think that she's in her second century at the very least - and from that experience, she has the ability to control many other trees in addition to the one she is bonded to. In this environment, she has an insurmountable advantage." 

Fighting through sex seemed like a bizarre idea, but it made sense for a species that was completely immune to physical force. Art had heard about this before as well. 

"I see," Art said. "And what does she mean for you and your family - including me now, I guess. What kind of ruler is she?" 

"You are definitely a part of our family, Art, make no mistake about that," Eri said sternly. "To answer your question... the Queen tends to take a hands-off approach to ruling. She doesn't ask for tribute or order the inhabitants of this forest to do anything. She does require us to avoid doing serious damage to the forest, but that's hardly abnormal for a ruler. That said, she is capricious and unpredictable. For example, there are several occasions where she's wandered into an area and told everyone there to leave immediately so that she can relax, and treats any who don't obey as heinous criminals." 

Eri continued explaining in this manner for some time. She took Art's hand and gripped it strongly. "I know what you're thinking, I can tell just by touching you like this," she said. "Please, don't do anything to anger the Queen. I may not like her either, but... she is not someone that can be defeated by the likes of you or me. Here, with my daughters and I, you're safe. You're comfortable and happy. You mustn't - " 

Art pulled Eri into a gentle hug. He had to keep some distance between them, because of the queen apian's immense chest and swollen abdomen, but he was still able to bring his cheek to hers. 

"Don't worry," Art reassured her, "I'm not planning on leaving." 

"Thank you," Eri said, returning the hug. "I - Ah!" 

With a cry of surprise, Eri staggered. Art was horrified, fearing the worst, but Eri held out her hand and said, "I'm alright... it looks like it's time." When that wasn't enough to reassure Art, she added, "I've done this half a dozen times before, I can handle it." 

Eri sat on the soft ground and the workers gathered around her in large numbers. They were no less playful than usual - in fact, they were crying out in joy that they were going to get new sisters - and this helped Art calm down. A group of workers brought over a mat made of leaves and set it down underneath Eri's vagina. 

From his faded knowledge from Earth, Art expected the birth to be difficult. On the contrary, this one was a quick and apparently painless affair, likely because of the inhuman nature of the mother. It had barely been a minute before the baby came out - the first one, that is. 

A soaking wet form emerged from Eri's vagina and landed on the leaf mat. The workers rushed in and dried it off with towels made from small leaves, revealing the newborn to be identical to them in all respects. 

A second came out, then a third, and so on until there were twenty one new workers, all stretching their limbs and chatting with their older siblings. 
