 As Shana sat in the pub enjoying her roast beef, she thought back over the last week. There was the rush at work to get projects reassigned temporarily, someone to look after her apartment and her mail. Joanne was against Shana taking this trip at all, never mind by herself, but then Joanne was like that.

Ireland! Shana had always been entranced by the Emerald Isle & anything related to it. At home she had books about traveling there, sites to see, the history of the country and the lore surrounding some of the customs. That didn't even begin to describe that delicious accent! It had taken 5 years to save up the money for the trip, including having to take a leave of absence. Despite all that, Shana knew it would be worth it.

None of Shana's friends shared her passion for this beautiful country, so the thought of spending months exploring the country did nothing for them. Shana didn't want to share her wonder with strangers, so she decided that she would go by herself. So far she hadn't regretted a minute of it.

The cities were bustling and confusing, much like any North American city. The towns were a little quieter, but there was still a little bit of an intense feeling. To get the true feel of the country, Shana had opted to go to remote villages not usually included in the tourist routes. 

This was her first village & the people here had accepted her with open arms. The landlady at the B&B fussed over Shana like a mother hen. The barkeep at the pub watched over her when she came in to make sure none of the locals got overly friendly. Each shopkeeper watched out for her when she was near their establishment. While Shana knew they meant well, she began to feel a little closed in. Back home she was pretty anonymous – here she was almost like a celebrity.

Mrs. Connors, the landlady, regaled Shana with stories of the old ways & fairie folk in the evenings. Shana was often warned that if she decided to go into the woods, she should not stray to far. Also she should look out for fairie rings (rings of toadstools) and fair faced strangers – these were dangerous & would do her harm. Shana always smiled and agreed to be careful, but she never believed the stories. These were a superstitious people, and Shana was a modern woman.

Finishing up her meal, Shana motioned the waitress over. She paid for her meal including a hefty tip for the hard-working woman. Calling her goodbyes, she headed out the door into the moist night air. 

The sky was a deep shade of midnight, and the stars were small bits of bright contrast. Shana was paying more attention to the beauty of the sky than she was to where her feet were taking her. It was only when the trees came into view ready to block out the sky that she realized she had left the main road & didn't know where she was. Shana could hear the soft sounds of music, a guitar and what might be a flute along with some other instruments she couldn't identify. The music was coming from inside the woods and she began to follow the sound. This wasn't the first time she had heard it and she always assumed that it was local teens in the woods having fun.

At first Shana thought she would come across the players within minutes, but as she continued to walk the music also seemed to move. After what felt like an hour, but was probably half that Shana realized two things – 1 that she was hopelessly lost in the forest, and 2 that the music had stopped. 

"Hello?" Shana called out.

A brief trill of the flute was the only reply to Shana's call. Shana took another couple steps forward and called again. This pattern repeated itself a few times, each time the flute would play a little longer. Thankful that she had eaten, Shana was never the less getting tired. Not to mention becoming a little scared.

Long ago Shana's eyes had adjusted to the dimness within the trees, so the change in the light attracted her attention. Giving up on following the music, Shana decided to head for the light. To her surprise she came into a small clearing with a small mound in the center. Thinking to get her bearings, Shana walked towards the hill planning to climb to the top & look around. As she approached, she became aware that she was not alone.

The delicate faces seemed to glow faintly in the starlight, as if they were lit from within. Shana stopped in her tracks, unable to move and unable to look away. One of the females approached her, and smiled.

"Hello, my name is Aria" she said.

Shana smiled in response. "I am Shana" she replied.

A slight sigh passed through the assembled folk. Shana heard nothing but Aria. 

"Please come and join our celebration" Aria invited Shana.

Aria moved forward and gently took Shana's hand in hers. Shana expected it to be cool, but it was quite warm, as if it had recently been held up to a fire. There was no fire, no food, no tables and no chairs. All that Shana could see was Aria's friends. 

Aria led her to the hill, on the far side from where she had entered the clearing. She guided Shana to sit down, then moved in front of her and began to play. Entranced Shana watched for hours as they played music and danced, flowing gracefully between the steps. Every now and then one of the fair folk would bring Shana a drink of water with herbs that helped to keep away her tiredness. Eventually however Shana did succumb to her exhaustion and laid back on the sweet grass surrounded by the beautiful music.

In the morning Shana awoke very rested and relaxed. She was also feeling quite amorous & wondered if it had anything to do with the herbs in the water. She stood up and brushed herself off before looking around. There was no evidence of the celebrating from the night before. Looking back Shana could see the grass was crushed where she was sleeping, but in a matter of hours that too would disappear.

Before Shana could take a step, Aria appeared from the far side of the hill and behind her was a man. His features were similar to Aria's – pale skin, high cheek bones and lips of a deep pink. Most striking of all were his eyes – they were a deep blue that seemed to draw Shana right out of herself. Aria's eyes were a shade of violet that Shana had never seen before.

"We are glad you are still here" Aria said. "This is my brother, Arost."

Aria & Arost stopped before Shana, and Arost bowed slightly. Shana noticed something she hadn't noticed the night before and that was how good they smelled. Like musk and amber with a hint of clover for sweet. A heady mix for her, and she could feel herself growing moist between her legs.

"Come, we have brought you something to eat and drink to start the day" Aria said as she once again led Shana to sit on the hill.

Without argument Shana sat down. Aria knelt in front of her and placed the fruit, bread, cheese and water in front of her. Arost sat next to Shana, not touching but very close. Shana's breathing began to increase.

For the next half hour Aria and Shana talked while Shana ate. Arost simply watched them. Without Shana realizing it Aria had moved closer to her over that time, so that Aria was kneeling at Shana's thigh. When this dawned on her, Shana stopped talking. 

After a moment of silence, Arost reached down and picked up a slice of peach. Shana watched as his hand brought it closer to her mouth. The fruit's juice was dripping off his hand and landing on her legs. She opened her mouth to accept the fruit, looking over at him. The desire in his eyes told her she was lost. They stared at one another for a moment before his head came down to claim her mouth. 

At the same time Shana could feel Aria's tongue lapping up the juice from her leg. Shana was so turned on! And she wanted more. As if they could sense what she wanted, the siblings began to truly work on Shana's sense. Arost grabbed her hair to hold her head while he plundered more deeply into her mouth. His other hand found it's way under her shirt to her breast and was teasing the nipple through the lace of her bra. Aria's hands began stroking and massaging Shana's legs.

It wasn't long before Shana couldn't sit still any more. Yet there was still an ache … she still wanted more. Hands began to remove her clothes and she helped where she could, but her senses were spinning from all the sudden sensory input. Arost released Shana long enough to remove his clothes, and she watched him hungrily. Aria too had removed her clothes and kneeling between Shana's legs, took advantage of the moment to take her mouth in a kiss. This was no gentle sisterly kiss – it was hungry and savage, clearly communicating Aria's desire the way words could not. 

Arost moved to sit behind Shana and Aria's mouth moved down to suckle at Shana's breasts. Arost's body moved tight up against Shana's back and she could feel his erection press in against her butt and lower back. She couldn't help but wriggle her hips at the thought. 

As Aria continued to causing increasing havoc with her breasts, Arost began to cause havoc further down. He slid his legs under hers then bent his knees up – this caused Shana's legs to open wide and fall outside of his giving him free access. He began to massage the tops of her thighs, moving down and inwards. Slowly he began to move up her inner thighs. As his hands approached her pussy, Shana's hips began to rock. He stopped and she groaned. Aria looked up and smiled before quickly bending back to her task.

Arost dragged the fingers of one hand through her soaking pussy lips, and Shana's hips swung up wanting to keep the contact. He brought his hand up to her face and his fingers to her lips. Turning to look at him, she took his hand in one of hers and brought the fingers to her lips. She opened her mouth and took his longest finger into her mouth sucking her juices off his finger. She repeated this with all his fingers until they were all clean, then licked her lips. Arost growled his pleasure before invading her mouth again. Releasing her mouth he once again began his massage, but this time he didn't stop. 

Aria suckled and massaged Shana's breast while Arost massaged her vaginal area. The outer lips. The sensitive area between her slit and her anus. Then back again, zeroing in on her clit. Shana began to thrash around and could feel herself starting to lose control. Shana had always been quiet when it came to sex, but now she couldn't stop herself from gasping, moaning and uttering strangled cries of pleasure as they worked on her. Throwing her head back, Shana let out a cry as she came.

Shana's body relaxed for a moment, but Arost didn't stop. He inserted a finger into her pussy and began to fuck her. Within a few moments he had inserted two fingers and Shana was quickly approaching a fever pitch. When Aria reached down and began to stimulate Shana's clit, another orgasm ripped through her body. Once again Shana's body relaxed.

Arost's erection still pressed into Shana's back. And Aria's face showed that she wasn't ready to stop yet either. Arost put his arms around Shana & laid back in the grass. Shana was laying ontop of his body, her legs still splay outside of his. His erection was between their bodies, but when he shifted her up his body, it now rested between her but cheeks. Shana wiggled her hips and grinned when Arost groaned. In response, he began to massage her breast. He didn't hurt her, but he was very firm – and she enjoyed it so much! 

Meanwhile Aria too had moved on. While Arost now looked after Shana's breasts, Aria was going to look after her pussy. Using the flat of her tongue, she swiped at Shana's slit. Shana must have liked it because once again her hips lifted as if wanting to keep contact. Aria was very skilled, between licking and nibbling she soon had Shana squirming on top of Arost. When Shana was nearing climax, Aria sucked hard on her clit and shoved two slender fingers far up into her. Again Shana screamed out her pleasure.

Once again the siblings worked in concert to excite Shana's exhausted body. This time was different though. As Aria used her mouth to work on Shana's pussy, she also moved Shana so that her brother's prick was no longer trapped. Aria took Arost's prick and rubbed the head in the slickness of Shana's pussy, lubricating it for what was to come. Shana too knew what was coming and her hips began, once more, to rock. 

Shana's body again began to climb the heights of pleasure. As she came close to the peak, Aria positioned Arost at the entrance to her hole. Arost drove up into Shana and paused. His hands still massaged her breasts and tweaked her nipples. Aria moved back into the action and began to lick and suck on Shana's clit. Aria also moved a hand down to her own soaking pussy and began to finger herself.

Arost began to thrust, slowly at first but picking up speed. Shana wanted to hold on and cum together but her body was so stimulated she couldn't. Her most powerful climax yet ripped through her body. The tightening of her muscles must have triggered Arost as he tensed and shot his load into her. They lay there quietly listening in the last moments of Aria's pleasure as she shoves her fingers into her own pussy and climaxes.

Arost was still inside Shana so Aria got up to get a drink for Shana. Aria brought back the refreshment, and Arost rolled to the side remaining inside her as Shana drinks. As Shana refreshes herself Aria asks her to stay with them for the remainder of her vacation. Shana is promised many sensual delights and the security that if she ever wants to leave she may.

Shana knows that all is not as it seems. She is suspicious of the water with herbs being some kind of aphrodisiac, but then again she wasn't hurt. If anything these two were committed to her pleasure. Knowing she will never get another chance like this, Shana says agrees. As the words leave her lips, the tinkling of a bell can be heard. Startled Shana thinks someone has found them, but Aria and Arost soon take her mind off of the bell. Had she gotten up at that point, she might have noticed that her frolicking was taking place within a 'fairie ring'.

Knowing she has to collect her things from the B&B, Arost goes with Shana to show her the way back to the village. Mrs. Connors greeted her when she came in the door, fussing over her. 

"I was so worried when you didn't come back last night" Mrs. Connors admonished her.

Shana patiently listed to Mrs. Connors concerns and thanked her for being so kind. Shana explained that she had been pleasantly surprised by the appearance of a couple of friends the night before and had spent the night with them. Not a complete lie, Shana told herself. She explained that she would be spending some more time with them, so she would check out for the time being. When her friends were gone, she would come back and see if a room was available.

Shana was almost giddy as she went upstairs to gather her things. She paid for the room and hugged Mrs. Connors goodbye, thanking her yet again for her kindness. She never saw the look of sadness on Mrs. Connors' face. While the village wasn't very big, it was usually a busy place during the day. It never occurred to Shana to wonder why she never saw any of the village folk on her way back to the woods to meet Arost.

Walking into the woods this time, Shana wasn't concerned. She knew that all she had to do was keep moving away from the village and Arost would find her. After walking for about 20 minutes she could feel herself getting tired. No wonder, she thought grinning to herself, I've had a very busy morning. As she remembered how it had been spent, she once more felt herself getting wet. It occurred to her to wonder if she would be wet for the remainder of her vacation and this made her smile even more.

Up ahead she saw him, leaning against a tree. Arost. He was watching her and she could have sworn that he could read her mind. She began to walk towards him, her eyes drinking him in as she approached. He was lean but muscular and had great stamina which she knew from personal experience. He had almost no body hair. His fingers were long and tapered. Despite everything that had happened that morning, she still hadn't seen his cock. She really wanted to see it & licked her lips at the thought.

Shana was still a few paces away when she realized that Arost had begun to remove his clothes. She stopped where she was, fascinated, and watched him. His movements were so fluid and graceful. Watching his hands manipulate the fastenings on his clothes reminded her of how those same hands had manipulated her flesh and her body shivered. His movements were slow and deliberate, just for her. Not once did he look away from her. When he was done he stood silently in place, waiting. 

Shana's eyes were fixed on his cock and she took an involuntary step forward. It had felt big as it pressed into her back, and it had felt bigger still when it was plunging inside her. It looked big now, and she couldn't wait to find out how it tasted. Shana raised her eyes to lock with his, then began to walk towards him again. Five paces away, she dropped her bags. Two paces away she had torn off her shirt & bra.

Shana never let her eyes leave his and she knelt on the ground before him. She took his prick in her hand and guided it to her waiting mouth. She took the head in and rolled her tongue around the crown. She began to slowly bob her head in and out as she watched the hunger in his eyes grow. She picked up the pace a little bit, then altered between sucking it and licking like a giant lollipop. She took it all the way out, holding it in front of her and using her tongue to lick the pee hole where his pre-cum was already leaking out.

As the sensation started to become too much, Arost closed his eyes and leaned his head back. Shana took the opportunity to move her mouth to his balls, gently sucking one then the other into the warmth of her mouth. She had one hand firmly stroking his cock, and brought the other up to massage him behind his balls. She could feel him lift himself onto his toes. Continuing her sensitive massage, Shana once more took his member into her mouth.

Keeping her eyes fastened on his face, she started making a serious effort to make him cum. Her hand slowly moved back and forth, each time getting a little bit closer to his anus. His prick she took deep into her mouth until it hit her throat, having learned the secret to giving 'deep throat'. She alternated this between taking it out completely and licking the pee hole, before once again taking his entire cock. Eventually Shana was able to move her fingers so that she was massaging at his anus. His hips were starting to rock.

Between Shana's talented mouth and hands, Arost soon began to lose control. Shana was just ready to once again take his cock out of her mouth, when he reached down and held her head where it was. Her finger was adding a little more pressure to his puckered little hole when he began to fuck her face. Shana kept her position and let him do as he wanted. She kept her eyes on his face and her fingers at his ass. She felt his body start to shiver and knew it wouldn't be long. Then his eyes opened and he stared down at her as the first of load of cum hit the back of her throat. He pulled out and sprayed her face and chest with his release.

Arost stood there breathing heavily, as Shana remained kneeling licking up as much of his cum as she could. Watching her, Arost became aroused. He reached down and picked up his shirt. Ripping off a sleeve, he used it to clean her face and chest. Shana was going to protest, but one look at her face convinced her it might be better to let him have his way. 

Arost helped Shana to lay back on the ground. He opened her legs wide, and kneeling between them, began tearing the fabric of her shorts. The savagery of his actions had Shana panting. Once she was naked, he sat back to look his fill. Shana had never had a lover who actually wanted to look at her with such scrutiny. Then, mimicking Shana's actions from before, Arost locked eyes and lowered his head.
