 Art thrust his cock furiously, pounding the feline Sylvalan from behind. His partner was on hands and knees, moaning with each thrust. Two others clung to Art's upper body, caressing him with their breasts and licking him with their rough tongues.

It had been two weeks since Art had left the apians' hive. In that time, he'd encountered many more Sylvalans: a flock of harpies with the colourful plumage of tropical birds; a pair of naga twins who had long and incredibly dextrous tongues; a huge-breasted alraune within her flower filled with sweet nectar; and countless others. All of whom had been eager to fuck him, to suck out every last drop of his semen and get knocked up. And he was happy to oblige.

Right now, he was in the middle of a wild orgy with the same three jaguar girls that he had met when he first arrived here. He now knew that cat-based Sylvalans like them were called mirrae, mirra in the singular. And they were definitely wildcats during sex.

The mirra who Art was fucking yowled in ecstasy. Her triangular ears twitched and her long striped tail lashed around in a heated expression of her ecstasy. Her pussy was unbelievably tight and she moved her hips with a bestial, almost violent intensity.

The mirra was the first to come, throwing back her head and screaming her climax to the sky. Her body shuddered and her pussy tightened even more, bringing Art to the edge as well. He released jet after jet of hot semen inside the hot, soaking-wet, tight pussy.

The four of them gasped for breath and struggled to remain conscious. They had been at it for more than an hour, with Art fucking each of them several times, filling them up to the point that there was no question of them becoming pregnant. It had been so wild and passionate that Art could scarcely remember the details.

They eventually recovered and got to their feet, Art putting his loincloth back on. The mirra who Art had finished in, and who seemed to be the leader of the trio, said, "Do you really have to go? Are you sure about this?"

"I've made up my mind," Art said, with a confidence born of experience. "This is something I have to do."

The three mirrae groaned. Their leader said, "Well, that's a shame. Still, you gave us a really tasty present." She rubbed her stomach appreciatively. "We don't like that self-proclaimed queen either, nobody that we know does. I've never heard of her being anywhere close to losing before... but there's never been a Permanent in this forest before. All I can say is -- Good luck!"

Art parted from the mirrae. The three feline Sylvalans were still saddened by him having to go, but they accepted his decision.

Now alone again, Art headed for his destination. The place where the Queen of the Forest lived was known to all in this forest, young or old, terrestrial or aquatic. He therefore had no trouble finding out where to go. After about twenty minutes, he arrived at his destination.

Deep in the heart of the forest, there was an enormous tree, taller and with a denser crown than any of the others. It shaded out other trees, preventing them from growing in a huge circle around it. The tiny amount of light that trickled through the dense leaves created an eerie atmosphere. Even though Art had spent more than a month in this forest, he couldn't help but be unsettled at this atmosphere.

There were several mounds around the tree. They varied in size -- most were slightly taller than a person, but one was the size of a bus. From a distance, they looked like boulders or the stumps of large trees. But when Art approached one of them, he realised that they were outgrowths of the root network of the giant tree. He heard a faint sound and, upon closer examination, realised that it was the unmistakeable sound of someone screaming as they reached orgasm.

Art flinched in surprise. And at the same time, the forest stirred.

The giant tree moved, shaking its branches vigorously. Its roots moved as well, twisting about like a mass of huge snakes and causing Art to fall down heavily. The motion was transmitted to the surrounding trees, filling the air with the sound of rustling leaves. Finally, a large slit opened up in the trunk of the giant tree, and she emerged.

Like other Sylvalans, she was an embodiment of supernatural beauty. Her purple eyes projected the mature sensuality typical of the more experienced Sylvalans, mixed with an imperious pride. Her breasts and hips were as immense as those of a fertility goddess, and contrasted sharply with her wasp-thin waist. Most of her skin was a pale green, while her hair, fingernails, lips and nipples were a darker green. Tendrils of wood were wrapped around her slender legs, and connected her to the tree.

This was a dryad, one with greater power than any other inhabitant of this forest. This was its Queen.

The Queen of the Forest stepped out of her tree. Her gait was slightly unsteady, as if she had little experience with walking. As she approached, Art could see that she was half a head taller than him. She looked at Art with her purple eyes, sizing him up, and said, "Welcome to my abode. I am the Queen of the Forest, the ruler of this region. May I ask your name?"

Art refused to let himself be intimidated. He stood up straight and answered, "My name is Art. I've come here to talk to you."

The Queen gave a soft, melodious laugh. She said, "I've heard a little about you, Art. I have countless eyes and ears, after all. I've heard about how you've been exploring my beautiful forest, blessing my people with your seed. That is something I must thank you for. For our kind, male seed isn't just needed to make new life, it's also an incomparably delicious meal." To accompany that last remark, the Queen slowly licked her lips.

Art suppressed a shudder of arousal at the sight -- even if he his rational mind knew of the Queen's deeds, his emotional mind couldn't help but be swayed by her inhuman beauty and eroticism. He said, "I was just enjoying myself. It's just that I ended up helping them out in the process."

"Indeed," the Queen said. "Still, I must thank you. And, if enjoyment is what you're after, I have a suggestion that would be enjoyable to both of us. You see, I have never encountered a Permanent before. I would like for you to become my partner, and spend the rest of your days with me in bliss." She used one hand to cup her breast, the other to spread the lips of her moist pussy, and licked her lips again. "Believe me when I say that I am very skilled at pleasing others."

"That sounds tempting," Art said cautiously, before eyeing the mounds around him, "but I'm afraid I have some concerns about your proposal."

In response to this, the Queen waved her hands, and the mounds unravelled to reveal their contents. Art saw that each mound was a mass of roots imprisoning one Sylvalan. To his shock, the largest mound was imprisoning the wurm that had caused him to become separated from Aaron. Each of the prisoners was bound by and receiving intense pleasure from the roots. The roots coiled around their bodies, relentlessly caressing and squeezing the bare flesh, vigorously thrusting in and out of their orifices. The prisoners paid no attention to their surroundings, only writhing and moaning in constant orgasm.

Art was horrified at the sight. He whirled around to face the Queen of the Forest and said, "What are -- why are you doing this!?"

The Queen remained unshaken by his angry outburst. She answered, "These are not innocents, let me make that clear. These are criminals who have broken my laws, harming the peace of my forest. I am simply administering the appropriate punishment to them."

"You -- but they -- but they can't even think anymore!" Art shouted. "Just who gave you the right to do this!?"

"I did," the Queen replied. "I proved my worth as ruler, through defeating all challengers."

Art grit his teeth in frustration. He'd let the blood get to his head, to the point of forgetting information he already knew. He had to calm down if he wanted to have any chance of winning this.

"In that case, you can't object if someone defeats you, right?" Art said.

The Queen raised an eyebrow in amusement. "Certainly not," she said, "but do you really think that you can manage that?"

"I won't know until I try," Art said.

"In that case... I'll indulge you," the Queen said, her smile deepening. "If you somehow prevail, I will obey any order you give. But if I win... you will submit to me, and feed me every -- single -- day."

Art gulped nervously, but nevertheless stepped forward. He wasn't the same man as he was when he woke up here, climaxing the instant his cock was swallowed up in Sylvalan pussy. In addition to his month of experience with Eri and her daughters, he had been training himself this past week, having sex with anyone he came across, all to accustom himself to the mind-blowing pleasure that Sylvalans could bring. He had reached the point that he could make a Sylvalan come before him. Now, by the standards of this world, he could fight.

However, the Queen of the Forest wasn't one to fight fair. Other Sylvalans would have immediately embraced Art and engulfed his cock with their pussy, their ass or -- if they were using the 69 position -- their mouth. Instead, the Queen extended her prehensile roots and bound all four of Art's limbs.

"Before I fight you properly, let me first test your endurance," the Queen said. "Only if you can last -- let's make it five minutes -- only if you can last five minutes will I let you join with me."

Art was startled by the sudden restraint, but did not panic -- he had expected something like this, from what he had heard of the Queen's personality. It was transparently an attempt to wear him down before the actual battle. He tested the roots and found that they were far too strong to break -- he had no choice but to endure and hope that the Queen kept her word.

The roots slithered around Art's body and began their erotic torture. The finer roots were surprisingly soft, as soft as flesh, and gave pleasure without pain. They toyed with his nipples, jerked off his cock, caressed his balls, and one root even entered his ass and probed for his prostate. The last of these caused Art to gasp, but he did not falter -- a few of the Sylvalans he'd encountered before had done this as well. Gritting his teeth, he started counting down the seconds.

The Queen of the Forest watched Art, amusement clear on her face. She took her large breasts in her hands and squeezed them, rubbed the nipples between her dextrous fingers. A few of her roots snaked their way up her legs and reached her pussy, where they teasingly flicked at her clit.

"Enjoying the show?" the Queen said, smirking. "All of this can be yours, if you simply give in."

Art didn't reply. He remained silent and tried to empty his mind, tried to ignore the sensations. It was a difficult task -- regardless of her other faults, the Queen of the Forest was undoubtedly good at sex.

After five minutes passed, the Queen kept to her agreement. The roots retracted and Art staggered as he regained his balance. Then more roots gathered and piled up in one spot, forming a large circular bed.

"It seems you're not just talk after all," the Queen said. She strutted over to the makeshift bed, the tendrils on her legs extending to keep her linked to her tree, and lay on top of it. She spread her legs and gazed longingly at Art, as if beckoning to a lover. "I'm ready for you. Come."

At the searingly erotic sight, Art hesitated for a moment. But he reminded himself of why he was here, and approached the bed.

He climbed onto the bed, kneeling over her supine form.

He met the Queen's gaze, feeling himself irresistibly drawn into her purple eyes.

He entered her.

From that simple action, an overwhelming pleasure seized Art's soul. The Queen's pussy wasn't overly tight or hot or wet, but a perfect balance. Art's entire body weakened at the moment of insertion, an opportunity that the Queen didn't let pass. She crossed her long legs and used them to pull Art down, into her waiting arms.

Art felt the Queen's immense breasts sandwich his head with a bewitching softness. He felt her hand press down on the back of his head, applying just enough pressure to stop him getting out. All the while, her devilish pussy continued to engulf and pleasure his cock.

He couldn't just lie there, he had to fight back. With that thought in his mind, Art put strength in his hips and started thrusting, trying to find the Queen's weak point. He ran his hands along her sides, and licked and lightly nibbled the hard nipples.

The Queen let out a soft sigh of pleasure. She whispered, "Mmm, you're quite good at this. You will make a very good partner."

Art didn't stop to answer. He continued his counterattack, slowly but steadily pleasuring the Queen until she couldn't help but moan and shiver in delight.

"It seems -- ah! -- that the rumours about you were -- mm! -- true," the Queen said. "But I haven't lived this long without -- ooh! -- picking up a few tricks."

Sensing danger, Art lifted up his head from the Queen's deep cleavage. He saw leaves drifting down from above in huge numbers, gathering around a mass of roots that had simultaneously started growing from the ground. The collection of plant matter swirled, contracted, and resolved into the unmistakeable form of the Queen. Every feature was perfectly shaped to match the real thing, except her mottled green-and-brown colouration and the absence of tendrils on her legs.

While Art stared at the duplicate in surprise, the Queen smiled. "With my skills, it is trivial for me to create another body. As you can see, she is my equal in beauty... and I can move her limbs with no less dexterity than my own."

The Queen's second body climbed onto the bed as well and lay on Art, sandwiching the young man in warm, silky soft flesh. His head was now completely engulfed in four huge breasts, through which he could hear two thumping heartbeats. One pair of arms restrained Art's arms from behind, while the second pair caressed his body gently.

"The pleasure I can bring is without equal," the Queen said, her words muffled by the seemingly endless flesh surrounding Art's head. "Lose yourself to me. Submit."

Under this dual assault, Art didn't last long. Despite his best efforts, his mind was seized by overpowering ecstasy, his limbs trembled, and he let out a groan as he pumped the Queen full of his seed.

The Queen's second body got up and moved to the side, allowing Art to raise his head and take in gulps of much-needed air. He saw the Queen look triumphantly upon him.

"It's my victory," the Queen of the Forest declared. "Now... you are mine."

Art grit his teeth. He couldn't afford to fail now, but what else could he do? Now that he'd come, he could barely move his body. On the other hand, the Queen was practically glowing with energy after a meal of his semen.

As he was thinking this, Art felt his vision go black. No, it wasn't just that -- the input from his other senses disappeared as well. He seemed to be floating in a black void.

A voice broke the silence. It's not over yet!

What!? Art thought, confused at the sudden darkness and the strange voice. Who are you!?

That doesn't matter right now, the voice said. What's important is that you can still win this!

How? By the standards of this place, I've already lost, Art replied.

Do you really think that was anything like a fair fight? The voice said, with a scathing tone that sounded oddly familiar. And besides, just because people here fight by fucking doesn't mean that they don't cheat. Like anywhere else, it doesn't matter if you don't get caught.

You have a point, but... what more can I even do? Art asked.

I'm not just a voice in your head, you know. There's a limit to what I can do in reality, but... if it's just limited to your body, I can give you a second chance!

The void disappeared and Art's senses returned. He immediately felt soft skin all around him and a wicked pressure on his shaft -- the Queen was no doubt trying to coax out a second load from him. But unlike before, he felt completely refreshed, ready for a long session of furious exertion.

Now you can fight again, the voice said. I can only do this once, so don't mess this up! I also can't keep talking to you for long, so listen. This so-called Queen puts on a show of being unbeatable, but there's one part of her body she hasn't let you touch.

Once the voice pointed it out, Art made a decision. He opened his mouth slightly, then bit down on the Queen's nipple with all of his strength.

"Ah! Ooh -- so you like to play rough, hm?" The Queen said.

Art's action didn't cause any injury, but it did achieve his goal -- making the Queen's second body relax her grip on his arms. Art pulled free and brought his hands to the original Queen's neck.

With the first caress of his fingers on her tender skin, the Queen -- both of her -- trembled.

"Ah -- no, that's not -- " the Queen said, looking alarmed. "It was just a surprise to me, that's all!"

But Art didn't stop. He caressed the Queen's neck relentlessly. He stretched his body as far as humanly possible and licked the base of her neck. The Queen trembled, gasped, moaned.

Whoever that voice belonged to, they were right. The Queen of the Forest's weakness was her neck. Presumably, this never proved a problem before since she always attacked others with her plants, and with Art she was willing to take the risk of letting him near because he was simply that valuable a prize.

"That's -- that's -- that's not fair!" The Queen protested, in between lustful moans. "I already -- oh! -- defeated you -- mmm!"

You thought it was fair to tease me for all that time first? Art thought. He wasn't going to stop his tongue assault just to reply out loud.

The Queen could no longer fight back properly. Granted, the feeling of her two bodies on his and the sound of her moans in his ears was very arousing, but it was well within Art's tolerance. Within minutes, the Queen reached her limit.

"Ah -- Ahhhhh!!!"

The Queen's scream of pleasure could have been heard through the entire forest. She shook more than ever before, then fell limp. At the same time, the surrounding trees all shook in concert with their master. Finally, Art felt the weight on his back disappear -- the Queen's second body had crumbled into its original leaves and roots, which fell away.

Art withdrew his penis from the Queen's vagina. He was close to the edge himself, so he decided to finish himself off with a few strokes of his hand. He made sure to shoot it all out on the ground -- it might be considered a terrible waste by Sylvalan standards, but he didn't want the Queen to consume any of it and potentially get the strength to fight again.

This sure was an incredible situation... Art thought. I don't know what kind of life I lived before, but it certainly wasn't anything like this. Fucking a gorgeous monster girl, who can make a clone of herself, to save a forest filled with other monster girls... it just sounds absurd.

Art waited for a few seconds, but there was no response from the mysterious voice.

Still, Art continued, It's the life I've got right now. Might as well make the best of it.

Art turned to the delirious Queen of the Forest and said, "Okay, it's my victory. Now let them go. You hear me?"

"Yes!" The Queen said breathlessly, looking up at Art with what seemed to be... adoration? "Right away!"

The mounds unravelled and retracted into the earth, releasing the prisoners. They fell roughly to the ground, then got to their feet unsteadily. All of them were shaking with pleasure.
