 Snatch made his way up the stairs, his head spinning with post-hypnosis weakness and unwelcome moral complexity. He prayed he didn't run into—

"Did you have a nice little chat, Alrek?" cooed a slick, oily voice as he opened the door. Snatch stopped dead in his tracks. Illetrys stood in the doorway, dressed in a form-fitting corset and short black skirt. She smirked at him, pushing her breasts up slightly in the incredibly low garment. "I hope it was worth it."

Snatch swallowed. He started to take a step back, but stopped himself. There was only one way out. He stood firm, glaring at Illetrys. "Let me pass, whore. We had a deal."

"Mm." She smiled, leaning closer, pursed her lips, and blew. Snatch stiffened as the perfumed smoke wafted over his face. In spite of himself, he found himself breathing in, and she looked delighted at this. "Good boy! Still so eager for a second round, hm?"

Snatch tried to shove his way past her, but her arm shot out and pressed against the wall, barring his way. He suddenly found himself uncomfortably close to her. Before he could react, she slammed the door shut behind him.

He was cornered.

"Where are you off to in such a hurry?" she whispered, breathing out more smoke. Snatch's legs quivered a little. The smoke was sweet, yes, but it was also tinged with the smell of Illetrys's musk and arousal. She had just been fucked, and fucked hard. "Spying on our sweet little prisoner. Planning to free her, maybe?"

"No," he muttered.

"Did you like her?" Despite himself, Snatcgh's eyes shot up to hers suspiciously. She winked. "She's quite a beauty, isn't she?"

"Bigger breasts than yours." The moment the words passed his lips, he regretted them. They didn't even sound like him. He didn't usually go in for crude taunts. And this taunt sounded... unpleasantly like a challenge.

Illetrys squealed with delight. "Ooh, we're feisty today!" Her eyes sparkled with mischief. They seemed to swirl in the dim light. "But can we really look up, at our beautiful, sparkling eyes, and claim..."

Reflexively, Snatch looked downwards. Too late, he realized his mistake.

Without him noticing—and her eyes had been so pretty—the elven prostitute had lowered her corset. Her beautiful, pale green breasts were now on full display. He found himself staring at them as more scented smoke was blown into his face.

"Ooh. More a breast man, I see." He heard Illetrys giggle. "Aren't they nice? You could just get lost in them. For hours. So horny. You've always loved my breasts, I know." Her voice was sultry, and every bit as sweet as the smoke. "Would you like to touch them?"

Snatch's mouth was dry. He breathed in, and more smoke filled his lungs. He was getting woozy. It felt like it had been years since he'd last had a puff of the pipe from some green-skinned beauty's lush lips. He longed to kiss her... to sink into her arms...

He forced his gaze away, shaking. He couldn't look at her eyes. Couldn't look at her breasts. His brain was slow and confused, drugged and dazzled. He forced his gaze downward still. Down, away from her breasts, down her belly...

His eyes went still. He found himself studying her hands. Long, elegant fingers. Long, elegant fingers stroking a visibly swollen and dripping pussy. The skirt was pulled all the way up, putting her cunt on full display. Her fingers seemed to dance, twirling in slow, captivating spirals.

Snatch found himself staring, his mouth opening slightly.

"Oh, I see," Illetrys breathed. "You love me so much, you want to bring me pleasure, don't you?" Snatch hesitated as smoke filled his lungs again. "Would that be nice, boy? Give this sweet whore a good tonguelashing? Oh, I know you long to... Alrek."

Alrek swallowed. He breathed in, trying to steady himself, unable to stop himself, and more poisoned smoke filled his lungs, his body, his mind. He found himself smiling as he watched her fingers play. How wonderful it would be to get closer. To smell it. To taste it.

"Bringing me pleasure," Illetrys moaned, "brings you pleasure. My pleasure is your pleasure. If you submiiiit."

Alrek stared, stupefied. Still his mind fought back, but there was so little room to think that wasn't clouded by the smoke that now surrounded him in a foggy haze. Her pussy was so beautiful. She was so beautiful.

"Hm. Maybe he's not sure yet. Look into my eyes, boy." Unable to help himself anymore, Alrek looked up straight into those beautiful silver orbs. Illetris smirked as she studied his blank, vacant smile. "Hee. You really are ready, aren't you? Just one more push..."

He hesitated.

She giggled, pursing her lips. "Just a little kiss..." she cooed, smoke spilling from lush, pouting red lips...

"Trys."

Illetrys could not have jumped higher had she been a bunnygirl. She spun around, eyes wide. Snatch felt his mind clearing the moment her eyes left his, and he quickly shut them and tried not to breathe in.

Cellesixe's voice was smooth and sly, but also cool. "Trys, my sweet, we had a deal."

"Y-yes—sorry, Sixe, but he was—"

"Curious. We all are curious about what... lies below. Aren't we?"

A pause.

"Oh, yes, Cellesixe," Illetrys gushed, and he heard her knees hit the floor. "Yes, Mistress Celestial!"

The sounds of frantic kissing, licking and sucking ensued.

"You can open your eyes," Cellesixe said after a moment.

Snatch's eyes opened. Illetrys was nowhere to be seen. Instead, Cellesixe stood there, her hands clasped over her waist. She wore a wide-hooped skirt now. A pair of bare feet poked out from underneath, where the sensual sounds were coming from. Three elven guards stood at attention behind her.

"I do apologize," Cellesixe said. If she had any reaction to the elf maiden currently working between her legs, she gave no indication of it. Was that a slight flush to her cheeks? Was her smile a bit too wide? Alrek was no judge. "My dear Trys can be... enthusiastic. Isn't that right, Trys?"

"Mm-mm!" came the desperate agreement from down below.

Cellesixe laughed. Her tittering laughter had a slight catch in it, Snatch noticed. "Isn't she delightful? One of my very favorite... friends. It's nice to have friends, isn't it?"

"Family, too." Snatch crossed his arms. "Y'know, I'm kinda curious about what happened to Cellemin."

"Hm?" Cellesixe's face was the very picture of innocence.

"Your son," he snapped. Snatch was out of patience for subtlety at this point. He was high, he was disoriented, and here, before him, was the source of all his troubles. "You're ready to kill anyone who gets in your way to help your daughter, but him? Kinda wondering what happened to him. Not the favorite, huh?"

He heard Illetrys giggling from down below, but a slight shift in Cellesixe's stance muffled the laughter. Cellesixe's smile had dulled slightly. "... tell me, Alrek, do you believe in—"

"Oh, fuck off!" Snatch stomped his foot against the fibrous floor, surprising even himself. "Fuck off with that dragonshit philosophy of yours! What, are you gonna try to tell me it's all relative? Even I know that's crap!"

"It's not all relative," Sixe said, her eyes narrowing slightly. "It simply doesn't matter. Min is not your concern."

"Maybe not." Snatch gave a wide shrug. The shrug was a bit too wide, and he had to lean on the wall to catch himself. He really was breathing in a lot of this stuff. "But I'm kinda interested in what happened to him an', uh... Isamine." He was impressed with himself for getting the name. "Your 'family' seems pretty fucked, Sixe. What's he now? A brainwashed puppet?" He jabbed a finger at the two feet below. "That's all she wants from people."

"Hm." Cellesixe raised an eyebrow. "I must be honest, Snatch, I'm concerned now. Do you feel uncomfortable? Do you feel we have forced you to compromise your morals?" Her lips quirked in a slight almost-smile. "You should let me know if you have any complaints. I will do my best to assist."

"No, I..." Snatch stopped himself. He clutched his head, trying to clear it. The air was still smoky, and his mind was still... blurry. This wasn't a good idea. Wasn't a good idea. He just needed to get paid, find Larya, and get out of here. Larya was probably happily screwing a couple prostitutes even now, completely unaware of what she'd been used for. He wished his life could be so simple. "I just..."

"You're confused," Cellesixe soothed. "I won't trouble you while you're in this condition. Please, though, do refrain from visiting the prisoner, however. It's not safe for you."

"Yeah..." he muttered. "Not safe."

"Mm." Cellesixe shifted slightly. This, and a little sigh, were the only signs of her reaching orgasm—at least from her. Illetrys's intensifying licking sounds were a much better hint. "Why don't I... get you a nice pipe? We can discuss it in my study."

"Sure," he heard himself say. A pipe would be good. He really needed a little smoke. He couldn't handle this job dealing with withdrawal. "Pipe. Yeah. Let's, uh... go to your study. As long as we're getting paid. Need that antivenom."

"You'll receive your reward up there," Cellesixe said happily. She stepped forward, leaving Illetrys behind on the floor, face covered in juices and eyes closed in bliss, and hooked her arm in Snatch's. He dimly felt unhappy about this—he hated being touched—but Cellesixe was so easy-going, so mild about it. It just felt natural to go with it.

After all, he was finally about to get his, uh, reward. Whatever that meant. He was having trouble remembering now.

He'd made it about five stumbling steps from the hallway when a shimmering face appeared in front of them. The face was that of a strange woman with dusky brown skin, wet, straggly black hair, and pointy ears like those of a horse or mule. She flickered in the air, as if the magical connection was flawed.

"Cellesixe!" she gasped, face bright red and sweaty. "The—fuck, yes—d-druidess escaped! Oh! Can't—mind control got—fffFUCK!" The face fizzled out.

Cellesixe stopped short. Her neck muscles tightened slightly. Snatch started to take another step, then frowned.

His head started to spark with new thoughts. And old thoughts. Dangerous thoughts. Dangerous truths.

"Escaped?" he asked, pulling away from Cellesixe. He blinked blearily, trying to parse it all. "You... you fucking brainwashed her? The one thing you... you promised not to..."

The thoughts took a moment to fully click in his head.

By the time they had, he was surrounded by drawn swords pointed at his throat.

"Oh," he said quietly.

He really needed to lay off the Gancanagh smoke.

~~~~

Larya's eyelashes fluttered. For a moment, she did consider never opening her eyes again.

She was lying on the ground. She couldn't remember how she'd gotten there, but she felt strangely... light. Like a terrible weight had been taken off her shoulders. All the same, it felt so easy to lie still. So easy to drift back to sleep. And everything was warm, and soft, and...

There was a wet sound coming from her chest, she noticed, and she realized that the soft pleasure she felt was due to a warm mouth gently sucking on her left nipple. This confused her a little, though it did feel nice.

So did the finger on her clit, gently strumming her, working her slowly towards yet another wonderful orgasm. Yet another. She vaguely realized this was not her first time drifting into consciousness.

Her eyes finally opened. She looked down.

Lim lay against her chest, lips locked on a nipple, sucking as docilely as a young kitten expecting milk. The catgirl's eyes were closed, as though she were half-asleep herself. But those fingers weren't asleep.

"Lim," she whispered.

Lim's eyes didn't open. She kept suckling, and kept fingering. Larya squirmed, feeling the pleasure starting to build again. "Lim!" But Lim kept sucking.

Hesitantly, Larya reached down to move Lim away. That was when the orgasm hit, sudden, powerful. Larya's whole body shook. Her arms fell back to her sides as her mind was ambushed by the sweet charms of ecstasy, sucking the worries from her like... like... like milk from a milkcow.

Larya moaned, but the energy to move was already leaving her again. Her mind was sinking back down into the fog. It felt so good to lie here. Let Lim lick and suck. Let her kitten drink her fill.

Her eyelashes fluttered.

~~~~

"Oh! Lim! Ooohhhh!"

Lim's eyelashes fluttered. Her eyes crept open.

Her lips were locked around one of Larya's nipples. Still. Her fingers were hooked in Larya's pussy. Larya herself was sound asleep once again, her chest rising and falling, a comforting rhythm against Lim's heartbeart. Lim snuggled into the breast, licking it tenderly. It felt so nice to lie here. So nice to just drift back into sleep, to keep bringing Larya sweet pleasure...

Lim sighed, pushing herself away from the breast. Her dear Larya didn't need any more 'milking', that was for sure.

"Larya," she whispered in Larya's ear. "Larya!"

"Nnnnn..." Larya stirred, but her eyes did not open.

Lim sighed. The channel was over, right? She just had to wait for Larya to wake up. It wouldn't take long, as long as Lim stopped easing her back into sleep with her...

"Mmmm..." Lim bit her lip. This moan was unmistakable. Larya's legs spread just a little.

Lim's eyelashes fluttered. She found herself drifting towards that wet cunt. Well, this was one way to wake Larya up, right? Surely there was no harm in a little tonguing, as long as she was gentle. Right?

Lim's tongue had begun to probe Larya's inner folds before her mind had even resolved the question. And then she tasted the nymph juices on her tongue, and, well, nothing really mattered aside from that. Her mind went off in little staticky sparks of pleasure. She felt her body going limp again, her eyes drifting shut as she began to lick with a steady rhythm...

~~~~

Larya smiled to herself. It felt so, so good to lie here for some reason. She felt like she was immersed in thick, creamy pleasure, like freshly churned butter. The rough tongue on her clit barely registered to her as a physical concept—it might as well have been gravity, it was now so intrinsic to her world. She was lost in wonderful dreams. Dreams where Lim licked her. Dreams where she licked Lim. Dreams where Lim had seven sisters.

Ironically, wakefulness would only come when Lim finally lost control completely and started to lick with gusto. This made the temptation to lie still greater, but after she'd taken Larya to several screaming orgasms, it was a bit harder to drift back into sleep.

And so finally, Larya's eyes opened and stayed open. She looked down at Lim, still determinedly drinking her fill.

She reached down and gently pulled Lim's face up. Lim stared at her, dazed, only half-recognizing her. Larya decided to make it easier. She sat up and kissed Lim, tasting her own nymph-tainted juices.

"We should go," she moaned. "Sidhe."

"Mm-hm," Lim squeaked, returning the kiss with a transparent desperation.

Larya meant to stop kissing Lim, then. To pull the dizzy, horny catgirl to her feet and run, run to save the sidhe.

But she didn't. She started to rub her body against Lim's instead, savoring the feeling of Lim's heavy chest against her own. She thrust her tongue into Lim's mouth, savoring Lim's little whines and moans.

"Why—" she managed, between kisses, "—can't I stop—"

"Channel," Lim whimpered, and Larya felt fingers crawling towards her too-long-stimulated cunt again. Larya longed to force Lim's hand away, but for some reason she couldn't. She just waited, kissing Lim, as those fingers slipped in and started to stroke her clit. It was almost painful, despite the nymph juices' best efforts. "We're getting off on each—mm—other!"

Larya moaned and allowed Lim to force her to the ground, eager to submit to her only-half-unwilling lover. Lim was devouring her face, even as her fingers relentlessly stimulated her clit.

Larya cried out into the kiss as another orgasm seized her. Lim cried out, too, as if the orgasm was her own. And as she cried out, Larya shook again, feeling a strange vestige of Lim's pleasure heightening her own orgasm. "They got us," Lim gasped, kissing Larya fiercely. "They got me they got us they got me—"

"How do we get out?" Larya whimpered, even as she found her way to Lim's pussy and thrust her tongue inside.

"Pull out of B-B-Baaaase!" Lim started to scream as Larya's tongue had its desired effect. Larya squealed, too. For a moment, she thought about how they must look to outsiders—a redheaded catgirl and a brunette druidess, naked in the middle of town, lost in each other's arms. Moaning like a pair of sluts. Totally helpless to their own lust. Totally helpless to each other's lust.

And that thought made her cum. And that made Lim cum. And that made Larya cum. And that made... made...

Lim's tongue had made it to Larya's clit, and now it was constant. Larya could no longer tell where one orgasm began and other began, much less where each orgasm had come from. She just licked. And was licked. And licked. And was licked. And licked. The pleasure was constant. Was perfect. Was... was...

Pull out of Base.

Larya remembered the lessons from the fairies.

She pulled together the last of her concentration, took a deep breath of air that smelled strongly of Lim's intoxicating juices, and pulled herself as far off from the World Base as she could muster.

It was as though she'd been wearing a heavy wool blanket without even knowing it, and now, the blanket was off. The pleasure no longer echoed quite so unbearably, and Larya felt sort of clear-headed at last.

She barely stopped herself from re-entering.

Again, she stopped licking, reached down, and seized Lim's head. She hesitated, then, before the orgasm could complete and knock her senseless again, forced the catgirl's pretty face and rough tongue away from Larya's pussy.

The moment Lim pulled away, the echoing pleasure slowed. Larya blinked. So did Lim.

Then they both fell backwards, and lay still for ten seconds, silent save for their heavy breathing. Larya counted. She wondered if Lim did, too.

At last, Larya took one final deep breath and sat up. She looked around. To her amazement, the orgy was still going. Fewer elves were present, true, but there were still at least two dozen elven men and women in the throes of each others' ecstasy.

"What's wrong with them?" she whispered.

"Aw. Nothing." Lim giggled, rising up next to Larya. She gave several wet kisses to Larya's neck, causing Larya to squirm. She was still vulnerable, she knew. She wasn't even sure if Lim had broken the hypnotic suggestions, or if suckling at her breasts just delayed the worst effects temporarily. "They're still caught up in the channel, is all."

"Channel?"

"Voyeur channel." To Larya's relief, Lim stopped kissing her and got to her feet. She reached over Larya, and Larya's eyes were captured as the catgirl's breasts swung right in front of her for a moment, but the catgirl was just getting dressed. "It's, uh... it's a trick a druid can play. Tie someone to the World Base and flood pleasure through. It was a beacon for Lea."

"Lea," Larya whispered. She stood up. "They got her. We have to save her."

"We're gonna." Lim nodded decisively. "You got your staff?"

Larya glanced around, then spotted her staff leaning against the fountain. She walked over and reached down for it. An interesting sight greeted her there.

Ceffy lay in the water. Her face was bright red, and she was immersed halfway in the water, totally motionless. Her eyes were half-lidded; she gazed at Larya with pure, unbridled desperation. Larya knew that look. She'd been giving it a short while ago.
