 Larya sat next to an old fountain, her face set in a dark scowl.

About an hour ago, she'd separated with Lim. Lim had been very clear: The only way to save the muse sprite would be to get this 'Cellemist' away from town so things could be sorted out. Either Cellemist would agree to the muse sprite's terms, and Larya would have to help smuggle her out, or she would officially refuse, and the muse sprite would be free once again. Either way, the situation would be resolved without harming the leannán sídhe. The plan was simple, direct, and above all, moral.

Of course, Larya had no real way of accomplishing any of it. Especially with Snatch clearly unwilling to help. And how was she supposed to accomplish it and save Mier? They needed this antitoxin. Cellesixe had the only samples for a hundred miles, and she was only going to give it if the leannán sídhe could be successfully captured. It seemed unwinnable.

The worst part was, she wasn't even sure Snatch was wrong.

She just didn't think she was, either.

"Heavy thoughts?"

Giving a start, Larya turned. She was sitting on the rim of an old fountain bearing an angelic intersex elf figure as the centerpiece. When Larya had come here to think (well, brood, really), she had been alone.

There was now someone in the water behind her. Larya found herself looking at a shapely, curvaceous young elf woman. The woman had dark green skin, pointed ears, pouting lips, and bewitching silver eyes.

"Oh!" Larya started to get up, but her legs had fallen asleep from sitting so long. She quickly sat back down to avoid a fall. "I'm s-sorry, I didn't..."

"Didn't hear me?" the woman asked, smiling. "I'm sorry. I can be quiet. My name's Ceffy." She offered her hand to shake.

Larya took it. Ceffy's hand was slick with sweat. She looked like she'd just dived into the water, judging by her wet hair. "Larya."

"Mm-hm. I've heard about you." Ceffy gave a slow shake of her head. "Heavy matters with Cellesixe. Moral quandaries, amorous quarries. You must be exhausted."

"I... I guess so." Larya shrugged. She wasn't sure whether or not she could trust Ceffy, but considering she was an elf in the town of Celestia, probably not. "I'm not sure I should... discuss it."

"Oh, everyone knows anyways." Ceffy smiled, not unkindly. "It hasn't been exactly quiet, my well-endowed dear."

Larya blinked, feeling her face redden slightly at the brazen compliment. "Um... they do?"

"Oh, yes," Ceffy said. "And you might as well... get it off your chest." She winked. "Secrets weigh us down, love."

"I.. suppose." Larya still didn't feel great about this, but Ceffy's words made sense. Of course they knew what was going on between her and Snatch. She'd practically screamed it. Stupid, stupid. "It just... it isn't right. To kill a fey for just doing what she can't help doing."

"You are a druidess," Ceffy said, her voice low. "A voluptuous young druidess. Those ties to fey tug at you, weigh you down. They make it hard to think straight on the matter, don't they?"

"Yeah" Larya bit her lip. "And still... I mean, I feel like I'm compromising part of myself if I agree to any of it. Maybe I'm biased, but it's still wrong. We need to fight it."

"It's so hard to fight, though. You are battling uphill."

"But I can still fight."

"Maybe." Ceffy licked her lips, looking thoughtful. "But Cellesixe has never lost before. And you are only two. It is quite a burden."

"One, really," Larya grumbled. She tilted her head to the side, and added absentmindedly, "Well, two, counting Lim."

Ceffy's lashes fluttered. "Who is Lim?"

"A catgirl druidess I... " Larya stopped herself. She rubbed her head. "Ugh. I don't know why I mentioned her. She asked me not to."

"It's understandable." Ceffy reached out and put a hand on Larya's shoulder. "You're tired. It's natural to slip up."

Larya pulled away from the contact, eying Ceffy with mistrust. But Ceffy didn't seem to notice the gesture. Larya hesitated, then sighed. The strange elf was probably just trying to help. "Yeah, I... I just want to do the right thing."

"Doing the right thing is like trying to fly with lead weights. Doesn't it feel like lead weights, Larya?"

Something in Ceffy's cadence struck Larya oddly. She shook her head to clear it. "I guess?"

"Of course it does," Ceffy said, smiling. She had a very pretty smile, Larya had to admit. Her lips were plump and painted a brilliant ruby red. Her eyes were expertly shadowed, too. In general, her face was made up exquisitely—strange, for someone who looked like she'd just been swimming. "It's all so heavy. The elves have put you in such an exhausting, difficult position, Larya. I am sorry, for my part."

"Eh. You aren't responsible." Larya made a face. "It's that Cellesixe. She's the one driving all of this. I swear, if I could just—" She clenched her fists.

"Careful," Ceffy said, raising her eyebrows. "You'll wear yourself out with anger like that."

"But it's evil!" Larya snapped. She knew there were passersby overhearing. Well, let them. Everybody knew anyways. "She's—she's going to murder someone! And she's forcing us to help her do it!"

"Gently, my dear." Ceffy started to rub Larya's shoulder with one hand. Larya hadn't even noticed her reestablish the contact from earlier. "It's not safe to shout like that. You mustn't exert yourself, anyhoo. Not with all you've been through today."

"Ugh." Larya rubbed her eyes. "I just... I just..." She yawned. "I don't know what to do. I'm so tired."

"Have you tried lying down?" Ceffy suggested sweetly. "Having a small rest?"

"Um..." Larya shook her head. "No, I'm okay. Thanks. No offense, but some of the elves here are pretty predatory. I don't want to give them ideas about..." She waved her hand vaguely as an image entered her head. "About leaning over me while I'm lying there. Whispering hypnotic suggestions into me while my mind is elsewhere. Taking advantage of how... um, tired I am."

Ceffy giggled, though Larya wasn't sure at what. "You're a smart girl, Larya. A smart, noble, buxom young woman."

"There you go again," Larya mumbled under her breath.

"Hm?"

"Why do you keep alluding to my breast size?"

"Why, Larya, I don't know what you mean." Ceffy slowly shook her head. "I'm simply referring to who you are: A beautiful woman with large, beautiful, heavy breasts."

Larya stared at her a moment. "Look, I'm not really... I'm not in the mood for sex right now. Not that I'm not flattered. You're hot as hell."

"Likewise." Ceffy openly studied Larya's breasts. Larya almost felt the need to cover up, but she couldn't quite muster the motivation. "You are magnificent, Larya. Your breasts might even be bigger than Illetrys's, you know. And she is blessed in that regard."

"Um, yeah. But I really don't want to... do anything."

"I completely understand." Ceffy's nodded quickly—so quick it made Larya dizzy. She couldn't imagine moving her head so quickly anymore. She felt too... heavy. "But are you sure they feel the same way, my pretty, busty girl?"

Already being in a wary state of mind, Larya realized what was happening. She closed her eyes. I'm not getting hypnotized again. "Please just go away. There's no point in this."

"But you're already so tired, Larya. Your eyelids are so heavy, you can't even keep them open."

"I'm not..." Larya stopped herself. No point in trying to explain.

"They're so heavy. Just like your breasts are so heavy." Ceffy's voice was silky and slick, like water flowing over algae-slick river stones. "Such big, heavy breasts. They just pull you down. You've been carrying them all day. Why not let me carry them for a while?"

Larya rubbed her eyes, refusing to open them. She turned away from the fountain and its occupant. "No. Go away."

She started to get up, but hesitated. It was dangerous to get up quickly when her legs were still asleep, especially when she couldn't see. She nervously put her hands on the side of the fountain, readying to push herself up.

"Hard to get up," Ceffy cooed from behind her. "You can barely stand, my big-breasted beauty. The whole world is tugging you down, down, down. So sleepy. So heavy. Those big milktits of yours make it so hard to stand, so hard to think." Her tone was becoming unmistakeably venomous, but it still wormed its way into Larya's head, filling her with suggestive thought.

That did it. Legs or no, Larya needed to get out of here. She got to her feet, keeping her eyes shut. For a moment, she swayed, trying to urge her legs forward.

"Oh, good girl! You stood up!" Ceffy giggled. "But now the whole world pulls you down, girl. You're tiring yourself out. How far can you get?" Her voice was sultry, but also mocking. "If only you could get your eyes open. If only your beautiful milktitties weren't so big and heavy. Slowing you down. Dumbing you down."

Larya took a ponderous step forward and stopped as her head swam. Her chest suddenly felt almost unbearably heavy. She staggered back, knees quaking, and brought her hands up to feel her breasts. Did they feel... larger?

"Not real," she mumbled. "I can... I can r-resist..."

"But you can't, my sweet girl. Your big, bouncy boobs won't let you." Ceffy laughed. "Doesn't it feel exhausting? All you want is to sit back down. Give your poor little knees a rest. They weren't made to carry you for so long. You're too sexy to go walking wherever you will. You just... want... to sit."

Larya felt her knees slowly bending. She desperately tried to muster up the energy to fight. She pushed her breasts up in her hands, feeling their tremendous weight. With every move she took, they jiggled and bounced a little, and it was like being attached to the spinning planets above.

Before she could work up the strength to take a step forward again, Larya felt her rear contact the stone of the fountain's rim once more. Her head lowered in despair.

"Thaaaaat's right," Ceffy cooed, and Larya felt those impossibly soft lips nuzzling the back of her neck. "We can't be leaving. Our breasts's too big, in't they?" She spoke in a babying tone.

"Stop it..." Larya whispered.

The nuzzling paused. "Stop what, my sweet-breasted milkcow?"

"S-stop h-h-hypnotizing me." Larya felt her heart fluttering as hands slowly ran over her waist, tugging her plain white shirt away from her body, caressing her bare shoulders as the cloth slipped away.

Larya realized she was being publicly undressed. If only she could open her eyes. If only she weren't so... so...

"I'm not hypnotizing you," Ceffy soothed in her ear. "You're just so heavy-headed, aren't you? Those big milktits just make you so sleepy, so soft and dumb and easy and hot and tired. Tired. So submissive. So eager to be milked. See? You're already trying to milk them."

"Wh ..." Larya realized she was still holding her breasts. They just felt so big. Had they always been this large, and round, and... heavy...? She squeezed them in her fingers, relishing the sensation. Did it usually feel that good to touch them?

"Silly milkcow," Ceffy cooed. "Too dumb and horny from her tits to resist. Can't even move her heavy, heavy eyelids."

Larya licked her lips, realizing she had started to drool.. She was so tired. She just wanted to... to lie back and...

Larya fought the temptation with every fiber of her being. This was an ambush. She was being ambushed by Cellesixe's people. She had to resist!

She couldn't stand. It wasn't even possible—it was all she could do to remain sitting, to not sink back in Ceffy's arms. She ran her hand over the underside of one breast, feeling the heft. Her breasts were too heavy. They weighed her down, tired her out, made her dumb and easy and submissive and all those other things. But she could get her eyes open, she thought, if she used her hands. That would show Ceffy something!

She raised one hand to her eyes. Before Ceffy could say anything more to confuse her—could bestow any more of those sweet little kisses on her neck that made Larya just want to give in and beg to be... to be...

Larya used her fingers to slide her numb, heavy eyelids open. For a moment, she beamed in triumph. Then she registered what she was staring at.

A sea of friendly faces was watching her predicament with evident delight.

Larya's vision was blurred, as her eyelids continued to flutter. Ceffy murmured something between kisses that Larya didn't quite catch, and Larya felt her hands slip back to her breasts, too heavy to reach her head. She struggled to keep her eyes open as she gazed out at the elves of Celestia, who were eagerly observing her submission. Men and women openly masturbated to her. One tall elf stroked his long, thick cock, smiling widely. Another elf man stood between two elf women—they stroked both him and themselves, whispering sweet nothings in each of his ears.

There had to be at least twenty of them standing before the fountain. And they all watched her. They all wanted her.

Larya stared helplessly into the eyes of one of those elf woman. The woman's eyes were half-closed, and the whispers she was giving the man seemed to be getting hoarser and hoarser.

Larya felt Ceffy's hands settle back on her waist, and realized that she was now topless. She shivered in sudden chill. She felt so heavy. So tired. So heavy-headed and sleepy and... dumb...

"Good milkcow," whispered Ceffy in her ear. Larya felt herself finally slip backwards into Ceffy's arms. "Just fondle those big, dumb tits of yours. Feel how full of milk they are. You're so weak. So tired from all that sweet milk in you, my sweet, silly little sow."

Larya wasn't conscious of her eyes closing, but she eventually noticed that she couldn't see anymore. She could only feel. Could only feel her hands running over her big, heavy milktits. She needed to be milked. She needed to stop being all dumb and heavy and silly, and the only way to do that was ... was ...

"You poor, silly thing," Ceffy said, sounding amused. "I don't know how you lasted so long with those big, heavy boobies of yours pulling you down. You need someone to take care of you." A pair of delicate hands slowly encircled Larya's, pulling them away from her breasts. Larya whimpered and tried to struggle, but she was just too tired. Too heavy. Too weak. "Need someone to ... to ..."

Larya let out a whine. She wriggled in Ceffy's grip, but there was nothing she could do to resist. She couldn't milk herself, and big-breasted bimbos like her needed to be milked.

"Why, my buttermilk darling," hissed Ceffy, who Larya was beginning to suspect was not an elf at all, "whatever could it be that you want?"

"I ... I ..." Larya was panting. She knew she needed to resist, but it was too hard to resist. She was too dumb, too tired, too heavy-headed. Her breasts pulled her down. She was too horny, too silly, too full of sweet, sweet milk.

She felt her own hands straying down to her pussy, pulling her skirt all the way up. As her fingers touched her slick clit, suddenly, she understood.

"Milk me!" she squealed.

For a moment, there was silence.

Then, a low chuckle. "Why, my sweet," said the fey woman, "I thought you'd never ask."

~~~~

Snatch had been pacing for the last half-hour, sticking to the outskirts of town. Someone watching him might have assumed he was deep in thought. In all honesty, if that was the case, Snatch had no idea what he was thinking about. Was he trying to think of a plan? Or was he just ranting to himself? His own process was a bit hard for him to track right now.

"Alrek."

Snatch froze in place. He didn't turn, but he didn't run, either. The voice was from a short ways away. Perhaps if he stayed very quiet ...

He heard the swishing of a lone dress over brush and leaves. Bare feet crunched in the undergrowth. His heart sank as he realized that Illetrys was heading straight towards him.

"I've been looking all over for you," he heard the elf prostitute say sweetly. "Why don't you turn around for me?"

He gritted his teeth. "I know your tricks now, elf. If you take one more step, I'm gonna..."

"Gonna what? Cut me down?" Illetrys giggled. "Oh, Alrek. You're so predictable. I suppose it's that simplicity I like about you."

"How do you know my name?" And what happened to Cellemin? he wanted to ask.

"Oh, you said many things while... preoccupied." Illetrys sounded godlessly smug. "I think I like you a lot more when you're high."

"I bet you do." Snatch reached up towards his scythe.

"Oh, my." Illetrys laughed. "Alrek, do you think I came here to fight?"

"I think you came here to fuck me again."

"Mm. Tempting. But I actually have a message for you. Cellesixe sent me because she wanted me to keep it... between us."

"Oh, yeah?" Snatch rolled his eyes, resisting the urge to turn. "Then she should've come in person."

"I did." Snatch just about leaped from his skin when a second elf woman leaped down in front of him, landing with only a faint crunch on the leaves below. Her elegant silver braids settled gracefully around her face. She reached up and adjusted her dark blue fedora—apparently, she'd abandoned the bowler. She was dressed practically, but still very fashionably, with an elegant, free-flowing skirt. Cellesixe straightened and smirked at him. "You are quite perceptive, 'Alrek', but one does not climb to become ruler of the most powerful crime family on the continent by making heavy footfalls."

Alrek's heart pounded in his chest. It had been years since someone had successfully sneaked up on him. At least, without cheating with magic. Cellesixe didn't seem to have any magic, which left him with a disturbing choice: Either she was very good at hiding those powers, or she was very light on her feet.

"What do you want?" he asked, very much conscious that he was now flanked.

"To talk." Cellesixe had a small smile on her face. "Really. Illetrys, stay in screamshot, but do keep your distance."

Snatch heard Illetrys backing away. He swallowed, staring straight at the beautiful elf crime boss before him. He hadn't forgotten the sight of her masturbating, watching her three elven whores fuck his brains out. Then, she'd taken his knife away from him without him even knowing. Cellesixe was the real deal.

Now they were alone. Snatch was sure of that—Illetrys was no thief, and certainly no sneak. She was probably what passed for a tough in a group like the Celestials, albeit of a different sort. He wouldn't want to meet her in a back alley, anyways; that was for sure.

Cellesixe reached out her arm, as if inviting him to hook his own in her elbow. "Shall we?"

"I don't like being touched," Snatch said shortly. He really, really didn't. He'd once been thrown out of a bar for lashing out at an overly handsy server.

"Mm. Makes sense." Cellesixe smiled. "Then we will walk alongside one another. But we will walk, Alrek. I find walking clears my head. Don't you?"

"I guess." He hesitated. He didn't much like to hear a woman that hot talking about 'clearing his head'. "But if we're gonna ... you call me Snatch. 'Alrek' is what my friends call me."

"Hm. Fair enough." Cellesixe gestured. "Please. After you."

"No."

~~~~

They walked for a few minutes in silence. Cellesixe had a curious sort of regal appreciation of her surroundings. Snatch was almost able to forget that they were enemies as they walked, lost in his own thoughts and worries and conflicts. She seemed to be genuinely enjoying the stroll. Cellesixe was terrifyingly good at hiding her true emotions.

"So," she said at last, as if the thought had just crossed her mind, "we have a problem."

"Hm." He grimaced. "We'll get the job done, Cellesixe. One way or another."
