 INTRODUCTION

Vicki Diamond was a woman of means due mainly to the divorce of her wealthy husband. At 36 years old she was the picture of health and sexuality. She looked more like a woman in her twenties with long blonde hair and a 34-24-35 figure. At 5'6" she weighed a trim 120 pounds. She was a workout junkie and had her own fitness setup in her home. She also swam laps every day that the California weather permitted. Her stately home was very private and Vicki would often swim and sunbathe in the nude. She had lost her tan lines and her golden bronze skin contrasted beautifully with her blonde hair. 

One would look at her and ask why would her husband ever cheat on her? The answer was simple he just couldn't keep his dick in his pants. He was a successful surgeon and had banged his share of nurses. Vicki caught him with his scrub nurse one day in his office. He was sitting in the chair with his pants down around his ankles and his naked nurse was riding his cock. Vicki used her cell phone to record the incident and after that the divorce was carried out.

Vicki had been faithful to her husband and he had been a good lover. However at the age of 36 Vicki had peaked sexually and she needed more cock then most women. For a year now she had been taking lovers and hardly a week went by that she wasn't in the sack with some young stud. She had also started to get creative in her sexual encounters by living out her fantasies. Vicki loved to dress up and role play with her lover. The guys got into it big time as well and they looked forward to their visits. The upcoming week was going to be the most exciting of her life.

The next Monday through Friday, Vicki would be visited by a different young stud each day. She had her outfits planned to act out her fantasies but her lovers would not know what it was until they arrived. Vicki would then wrap up the week with a party for her five lovers on Saturday. The party would most likely run the night and into Sunday morning. Vicki's panties were already wet from the anticipation. 

A CHEERLEADER ON MONDAY

Nick was a handsome 26 year old stud of Italian descent. He had dark curly hair and his 6'0" frame carried his 185 pounds very well. Nick stayed in shape and he was a real ladies man, a womanizer would be a better term. Nick was proud of his manhood he was blessed with a 7+" cock that was just a smidge over 5" around. He had pleased many a woman with his Italian sausage and his love making. He had been banging Vicki for a couple of weeks now and he loved fucking her. He admired her ass and he hoped that one day she would give it up to him.

Nick was surprised to see Vicki dressed in a cheerleader outfit when he arrived. She told him that she was just about to get her pompoms down from the shelf. "Now that you are here, you can hold the ladder for me," she told him. 

Vicki stood on the ladder and when she stretched to reach for the pompoms her short cheerleader skirt rode up on her legs baring her shapely thighs. Nick looked at her bare skin and suddenly felt that familiar surge in his loins. He stepped in a little closer and peeked under her skirt. He saw more leg including her thighs up to her panty covered pussy. He felt an erection form in his pants and he was anxious to get going. What ever Vicki had in mind, he was up for it. 

Vicki was getting turned on by her fantasy to be fucked in a cheerleader outfit and her panties were getting damp. She asked Nick to hold the ladder and then she stepped up one more rung. Nick leaned in and noticed her nice round ass encased by the panties and his cock throbbed in his pants. This time when Vicki turned back to him she saw the outline of the erection in his pants. She smiled to herself as she was pleased that she could cause this young man to get an erection so soon. Her seductive fantasy continued for a few minutes before Vicki took it to the next level.

"Oh my I am so sorry! Look what I have done to you," Vicki said as she made her descent down the ladder.

Nick looked confused but then he realized she was talking about his erection which was clearly visible in his pants.

"I am so naughty letting you look up my skirt. Only bad girls do that and they get punished when they do such things. I made your cock hard because I was so naughty," Vicki went on.

Nick thought that this was really weird behavior. He wondered, "What did she mean when she said she should be punished for her behavior." They had never done any bondage, discipline or stuff like that.

"If my daddy was here he would spank my bottom for being so naughty," Vicki whimpered and then said, "You're not going to spank me, are you?"

Nick realized that this was a game she was playing and he decided to go along and see how far it would go. He was getting really excited now and his cock was throbbing in his pants. He replied, "You have been a bad girl and I think that you do need a spanking." 

"Oh no, please don't," she whimpered again and then ran to her sofa and acted as if she would be punished.

"Please don't, don't put me over your lap and spank me," she begged mockingly.

Nick caught on that she was giving him instructions. He moved over to the sofa and sat in the middle as Vicki cowered in the corner of the sofa. Nick was starting to like this game and he reached for Vicki. He pulled her over his lap and her body pressed against his erection.

"Pleased don't flip my skirt up and spank me," Vicki faked again but Nick did just that.

He flipped her cheerleader skirt up baring her legs and her panty covered ass. Nick stared at her beautiful shapely legs and curvy butt. He again acknowledged just how pretty and shapely Vicki was. He ran his hands over her legs and panty covered ass and then he spanked her lightly on her bottom.

"Oh you mustn't take my panties down and spank me on my bare bottom," she said.

Again Nick did just that. He pulled her panties down to her knees and then he admired her beautiful ass. He ran his hands over her smooth buns and squeezed them gently. His cock was ready to explode and he was fearful that he would cum in his pants if this went on much longer. Nick began to spank Vicki's bare ass lightly and he liked watching her buttocks jiggle each time he slapped them. Vicki made believe that she was in agony and she began to beg Nick to stop. Although he had not slapped her ass hard enough to hurt her it was all part of her fantasy.

"Oh please stop your hurting me. Please don't hit me anymore I will do what you want. I will let you put your dick in my mouth," Vicki pleaded.

Nick heard her but it was no big deal as his cock had been in her mouth plenty of times. If she wanted his cock in her mouth he was going to let her blow him. Nick lifted Vicki off his lap and reached for his belt and zipper. He pulled his pants down to his knees and his rock hard 7+ inches bobbed in front of him. Vicki smiled when she saw the impressive cock and she knelt in front of him. Nick grabbed her head and pulled it toward his cock. Vicki willingly took the cock into her mouth and within seconds she was deep throating him. No one except Vicki had ever been able to take his entire length into her mouth but Vicki was handling his cock with ease.

Vicki was an accomplished cock sucker and Nick knew that he would not last long at all. She bobbed her head up and down on his cock and ran her tongue around the shaft. She reached down and handled his balls and tickled his perineum. She had Nick on the verge of one of his biggest ejaculations ever. He could feel the pressure in his scrotum and then it released through his cock. Nick fired a barrage of cum into Vicki's mouth and he marveled at her as she stayed with it and swallowed every drop. He knew it was one of his biggest discharges ever but Vicki seemed undaunted by it as she sucked and milked his cock dry. She nibbled on his cock head and let it pop out of her mouth with a loud sound. She continued this until Nick couldn't stand the sensation any longer. He was still hard however and Vicki wanted his youthful cock in her pussy.

"Oh look what you've done. You came in my mouth. Now behave yourself and go away. Don't even think of putting your thing in my pussy," Vicki acted out her shame.

But Nick knew that they weren't done and he pushed Vicki onto the floor, removed her panties and crawled between her legs. He eased his cock into her and it slipped in easily as Vicki's cunt was sopping wet. Vicki gasped as his cock hit home and she wrapped her legs around Nick's torso. Nick pounded her pussy with his rock hard cock and Vicki grunted and groaned every time his cock went all the way into her womb.

"Oh my, this is going to be a quick one!" Vicki gasped.

Her body lifted off the floor with the intensity of her first orgasm. She held Nick tight as her body shook violently and he felt her juices cover his cock. Nick's pecker was swimming in Vicki's pussy but he continued to pound at her in search of his second ejaculation. Vicki was extremely turned on and she felt another orgasm building in her body as Nick raced toward his. She felt his body tense up and then with one more thrust deep into her, Nick shot streams of cum into her hot cunt. Vicki felt the ejaculation and it sent her over the edge again. She dug her heels into Nick's back and held him tightly in her arms as she climaxed again. Her body shook and she screamed out in ecstasy as she had one of her most intense orgasms ever.

The two of them held to each other and remained motionless on the floor for several minutes. Nick thought about his situation as they both remained coupled together still partially clothed. Vicki was still in the cheerleader outfit only her panties had been removed. Nick still had on his pants and underwear down around his knees and ankles. Nick eased his cock out of Vicki's cunt and he looked down at the pretty woman. She smiled at him briefly and then went back to playing out her fantasy.

"Oh what have we done? I am so ashamed," Vicki said and then picked up her panties and ran to the bathroom.

Vicki douched her pussy free of Nick's semen before she came out of the bathroom. She was still wearing the cheerleader outfit. "I have a date tonight I had to wash all that goo out of my pussy in case my boyfriend wants to put his mouth on me." 

Nick realized that she wanted him to eat her pussy next. He had eaten her pussy before and he liked doing it. Nick had Vicki stand up in front of him and then he ran his hands up Vicki's legs and cupped her buttocks pulling her toward his head. He pushed up her skirt and began eating her pussy. Vicki grabbed his head and held it tightly to her quim as Nick dipped his tongue into her and sought out her clit. Vicki was overwhelmed with desire and she came quickly dousing Nick's face with her female nectar. Nick kept eating her until she couldn't stand it any longer and collapsed in his arms. He had enough of he game for now and he carried her into her bedroom.

Nick placed her on the bed and again lowered his pants and underwear to his knees. He crawled on the bed, pushed her skirt up and moved between her legs. Nick eased his cock into her sopping wet cunt again and Vicki gasped again. They fucked like animals as they both raced toward their orgasms. Nick was quick to fire and he let loose a barrage of cum into her pussy. Vicki came again as soon as she felt cum bounce of the walls of her vagina. They held each other tight as they rode out their intense orgasms. 

Nick then pulled out of her and placed Vicki over his lap. His pants and underwear were down around his ankles and he was still wearing his shirt. Vicki was still in her cheerleader outfit and Nick pulled up the skirt exposing her ass.

"You have been naughty again so I am going to give you another spanking," Nick teased as he ran his hands over her shapely ass.

Nick spanked her again as he had done earlier. He hit her lightly not to hurt her but hard enough to make her buttocks jiggle. He would pause every once in a while to run his hands over her shapely ass and then he would spank her again. Nick felt his cock harden under Vicki's lap and she felt it too.

Vicki faked that she was crying and that her buns were stinging. "My daddy always put lotion on my bottom after he spanked me to soothe the pain."

Nick looked around and spotted the lotion on her nightstand. He leaned over to retrieve it holding Vicki on his lap as he did. Nick got the lotion and squirted it all over Vicki's ass. Nick then massaged the lotion into Vicki's buttocks. He took his time as he loved handling her beautiful ass. Nick's cock was erect under Vicki and she could feel it poking into her pubes.

"That feels so good on my sore bottom," cooed Vicki and then warned, "But you mustn't stick your finger in me. That would be so nasty."

Nick realized that she wanted him to finger her asshole. He had never done that before to Vicki but the thought of it excited him. He squirted the lotion in the crack of her ass and then pushed his index finger into her asshole. Vicki wiggled her ass in reply and faked her response.

"Oh that is so nasty. You shouldn't do that. You shouldn't move your finger in and out of my bottom."

Nick did just that as he finger fucked Vicki's asshole. Then he switched fingers from his index finger to his middle finger and pushed it in as far as it would go. Vicki wiggled her ass again and Nick was getting hotter by the second. He made up his mind that he would take her ass that day. He wanted Vicki on all fours while he played with her ass and finger fucked her. He pushed Vicki off his lap and told her to get on all fours on the bed. Vicki did as she was told and she placed her head on the bed turned to one side as she raised her shapely ass in the air.

Nick knelt behind her and pushed his middle finger back into her ass and resumed finger fucking her bung hole. He then switched back to his index finger but at the same time he slipped his middle finger and ring finger into her pussy. Now he sawed three fingers in and out of her as he fingered fucked her asshole and pussy at the same time. Vicki loved the feeling of the three fingers in her and she was pleased that Nick had thought to do it but she wanted more.

"Your fingers feel wonderfully nasty in my pussy and ass but you can't put your thing in my bottom. That would be dirty and wicked," Vicki said sounding childish.

Nick thought about her statement, "God damn, she asking me to fuck her in the ass."

Nick had been dying to fuck her in the ass and now his wish was about to come true. He took more lotion and put it on his cock and then added saliva to it making it nice and slick for Vicki's asshole. Nick had used lotion and saliva before so he knew how to make his cock slick. He them removed his fingers from her pussy and asshole and lined up his cock with her anus.

Nick pushed his cock into her asshole and when the head cleared her sphincter Vicki let out an audible gasp. The feeling was incredible for Nick as his rock hard cock nestled into Vicki's snug warm sheath. He pushed his cock in all the way and then pulled back so just the head remained in her ass. Nick fucked her slowly as he wanted it to last forever. Vicki had her head turned to the side on the bed and she had a dreamy expression of her face. She was obviously enjoying the anal sex.

Nick moved steadily and slowly in and out of Vicki's ass until he felt his release building in his balls. Nick picked up the pace and thrust quicker and harder into Vicki's ass. His body slapped against her buttocks causing them to jiggle as he fucked her and the sight was erotic. He loved watching his cock slide in and out of her shapely buns. Then his body stiffened and he thrust all the way into her ass as his cum traveled from his scrotum through his cock and shot into Vicki's ass. Nick felt a stream of cum shoot through his cock and go deep into Vicki's rectum. Vicki loved the feeling of cum coating her anal channel and filling her rectum. Nick had shot an impressive amount of cum in her asshole and Vicki was surprised since it was his fourth load that day.

Nick stayed in her ass for minutes as Vicki used her talented anal muscles to milk his cock dry of any cum remaining in his shaft. Nick's cock began to soften slightly and he let it slip from Vicki's asshole. He looked at her dilated anus and it looked vulnerable as a little bit of cum trickled out of it. Nick was then shocked when Vicki spun around and took his semi-erect cock in her mouth and sucked it clean. He couldn't believe that she would take a cock right from her ass into her mouth but the act excited him. Of course Nick had no idea that Vicki douched her ass and pussy thoroughly before she visited him.

"My poor pussy needs attention right now," Vicki pleaded.

Nick realized that they were still dressed. Vicki still had her outfit on and he still had on his shirt with his pants and underwear around his ankles. In all the time they had fucked and sucked they had never been completely naked. Nick now wanted to be naked and he wanted to see the rest of Vicki's body. 

"Vicki I want to see you naked. Let's take all our clothes off," Nick ordered rather than requested.

"But what if someone comes in and catches us naked?" she whimpered as if a little girl.

"No one is coming in. Now do as you're told or I am going to spank your bottom and put my cock in your ass again," Nick replied playing the game.

Vicki acted shy as she stood up and removed her cheerleader outfit. Nick watched her as he took off his own clothes. Vicki had a great figure and her tits were perfect, not too big and nice and firm. Vicki lay back on the bed and she opened her legs for Nick. He knew that she wanted him to eat her pussy again and he was only to glad to comply. He slipped between her legs and she cuddled his head in her hands and stroked his hair and he ate her pussy.

Nick buried his tongue in Vicki's pussy shoving it in as if he was fucking her. Vicki loved the action as he nibbled on her clit while he fingered her pussy. Nick was really getting into the action particularly because of the way he had Vicki squirming and tossing on the bed. Vicki moved her legs over Nick's shoulders and pulled his head closer to her pussy. Nick held on to Vicki's shapely buttocks and squeezed and fondled her firm ass cheeks as he ate her pussy.

"Oh, oh, yes oh, oh!" Vicki cried out.

Nick continued to eat her pussy as he held her ass tightly in his hands. He then moved his hands up to her tits and found her hard nipples. Nick massaged her boobs and twirled her nipples in his fingertips as he continued to munch on her pussy and clit. Vicki was tossing and thrusting her pussy into Nick's face as she moaned and groaned in ecstasy. Nick decided to play with her asshole again as he ate her pussy. He snuck one hand behind Vicki's bottom and toyed with her asshole tickling the tight nether hole.

"Oh are you going to put your finger in my bottom again?" Vicki sighed.

Nick stuck his middle finger in Vicki's pussy and got it good and wet with her juices. He then positioned it at Vicki's asshole and shoved it in. Vicki gasped with the abrupt anal penetration but soon had Nick's finger buried in her ass. Nick pumped his finger in and out of Vicki's ass as he continued to maul her pussy with his mouth. Nick loved the feel of his finger in the warm recess of Vicki's ass and he was sure that he could feel his cum in her hole.

Vicki stiffened and gasped aloud as she came on Nick's face. Nick held on to her with his finger still buried in her ass and his mouth glued to her cunt. He felt the waves of orgasm rock Vicki's body and his face was flooded with her cunt juice. Vicki kept humping his face until the last of her orgasms passed and she flopped back on the bed. Nick slipped his finger from her ass and his hands found her breasts again. He stroked her tits and nipples as he gently licked her pussy dry of all her juices. Nick finished eating her and then sat up kneeling between Vicki legs. Nick followed Vicki's eyes to his cock and then he realized that he was hard again.
