 There was no spaceport on Jansen's Planet. There had been, but whatever calamity had befallen the world generations ago had also destroyed its port. It was one of so many planets out in the Barrens that had fallen on hard times.

So Dekker set down the Barnabas in a clearing in the forest, a remnant of last season's slash and burn farming. If you could call what they did on Jansen's "farming." It was more like a last minute scramble for something to eat. If it wasn't for traders like him the planet's hardscrabble inhabitants would have starved long ago.

The town made someone stay up all night to make sure customs were collected. For the dubious privilege of landing here Dekker had to pay. Luckily Jansen's World still accepted silver. He probably could have bought the whole planet for the contents of his ship's scrap recycler, but trading here did have its benefits.

Like the gorgeous woman that was sauntering up to the landing ramp to meet him. She was tall, redhead, with long hair that was done up to reveal a pretty but dirt smeared face. He couldn't see what kind of body she had underneath her long coat, but he didn't blame her. It got cold here at night.

"Half a silver to land," She said to him in a local accent. "I'm Loreli."

"Dekker. Pleased to meet you. Don't want to part with any silver just yet," He said as he stepped foot onto the planet. He was just under six feet tall, with a compact, hard body that had a few extra pounds that not even trading could strip from him. Stocky was the word. It went well with his ruggedly handsome face and the blue eyes that stared out from dark skin, a token of countless hours spent in the suns of many worlds. As was his muscular body that the girl pretended to be admiring. But how much was real and how much was a sales tactic? He decided not to find out.

"What else can I offer?"

"We'll take some food," Loreli replied. She opened her coat, revealing a flannel shirt that was a few sizes too small. Her breasts were practically bursting out to greet him. She shivered in the cold, or perhaps just to make her tits threaten to fly out of her shirt. "A few silvers will get you more than landing, Dekker. Why wait for the long walk into town?"

He squinted through the gloom and shook his head. Loreli was a big, sturdy farming gal but he was craving a bath and something to eat almost as much as he was craving a good hard fucking. His cock was already pressing up against the seam of his pants, and he hoped she didn't see it and call him out on it.

"No thanks," Dekker told her, not trying to offend her with his tone. He dug around in his satchel, came up with a standard rationpak. If cut into small pieces and cooked it could last a family a week. "For the landing."

"Bless your heart, sir," She said in a mock sweet voice. She accepted what was offered. Her coat was still open. With a practiced gesture, Loreli undid what few buttons held her breasts in place so they could spill forth from their flannel prison. They were surprisingly pale, topped with pale red areola and pert nipples. With two fingers, she expertly tweaked one of the strawberry protuberances and it immediately sprang to attention.

"One silver. Give a girl something better to eat." She stepped closer, and cupped a strong hand around the bulge between his legs. Despite her work hardened grip her touch was soft and teasing.

Dekker felt himself responding mightily to her hand as it began to knead his dick over his pants. He forced himself to gently push her hand away before he succumbed and would have to pay her anyway.

"Quite a welcome wagon here on Jansen's. But no." He said in what he hoped was a firm voice, but sounded more like a strangled croak to his ears.

"Too bad. I assume you know the way?"

"I do."

"Careful you don't spook a deer," She said, buttoning her shirt, now all business. "Damn things get frisky and fierce when it's cold."

They aren't the only ones, he thought and trekked out into the forest with a hard on that now was demanding satisfaction.

***********************

The inn was a sight for sore eyes. The final walk through the woods had done him in, and the sight of what pitifully passed for a town on this rock had been the clincher. Dekker needed a bath, a blowjob and a bed, in that order.

The ramshackle building might have once been a saloon, but it was long past calling itself anything but one of the few standing structures in town now. He stepped through the old fashioned swinging wooden doors.

"Dekker," The old man behind the bar called out. Despite the hour, he was open for business. Anything on Jansen's World was always open for business. "You got what I asked for?"

"As promised." With the last of his strength, the trader swung his satchel from his hip onto the bar. It made a sound of groaning wood and tinkling silver from within. Dekker withdrew a large metal box. "Half dozen power cells."

"Good. Actuators too?"

"Inside."

"Perfect, perfect." The old man eagerly opened the box and smiled, showing a handful of stubbornly clinging teeth. "Have yourself a drink to celebrate."

"I'll just take a room for the night." Dekker said. He was nearly dead on his feet from hauling his cargo through the cold woods.

"It's late. Take the lodging as a bonus for a well struck sale." The innkeeper said. He was counting out a few handful of silvers from a small hoard he kept under the bar. "Like someone for the night?"

"Damn right," Dekker told him.

"Man, woman, something in between?" The old man handed over a small cloth bag heavy with coins. He could afford to be generous with his employees. Nothing was cheaper than flesh on Jansen's World, and it was the sex trade that kept customers coming back.

"Whoever is closest." Dekker answered tiredly. He made his way upstairs after accepting his payment without another word. Pleasantries could wait until tomorrow.

*********

The room was spartan but clean: a bed, two chairs that were missing legs, and a small table. There was a single wooden window that was open, letting in the cold. He rapidly crossed the room and closed it. All of the furniture was scavenged and mismatched. Dekker didn't care. He made a beeline for the washroom.

The innkeeper had thought to leave some tepid water and a sliver of soap. Dekker stripped and washed, shivering as he did so. There was very little power on this world, part of the reason that power cells were in such demand. As the rapidly chilling water and grainy soap met his body, he closed his eyes and yearned for a luxurious zero gravity shower. While he was at it he imagined a better hotel and a high priced prostitute after a night on out the town in one of the Capital Worlds.

He heard the door opening, and splashed what water was left to rinse off. "Out in a minute!"

Dekker didn't bother to change or dry off before walking back into the room. He doubted whoever the innkeeper had arranged for the night would mind. People who sold their bodies put up with a lot worse than a suddenly appearing naked customer.

He found a wispy little woman, around 20 years old, barely five feet tall. She was wearing a lacy pink babydoll neglige, and nothing underneath that he could see. She had whitish blonde hair, short, that framed a small featured face and blue eyes. Her lipstick was cherry red and her makeup was done fairly well, considering the hour. Dekker wasn't surprised. The town could barely afford power, so it couldn't afford to skimp on quality whores for visitors.

"Evening," The woman said in a husky voice.

"Morning." Dekker replied. The sight of her petite body was already filling his heart with lust. Uncovered, his cock was already stirring despite the lukewarm wash up he'd just undergone.

"I'm Penelope." She said, and smiled her most professional smile. And twirled to show off her entire body. She lifted the neglige to reveal a small but round ass, barely clad in a pink g-string. "Am I to your liking?"

The sight of the string being swallowed by her pale white cheeks was already stiffening his erection. A reply seemed unnecessary.

"Get my towel from my bag. Dry me." Dekker ordered.

Penelope knew her stuff. Within a moment she had snatched up his towel and was going to work drying and cleaning the last remnants of the makeshift bath he'd taken. The sight of the young woman kneeling before him and her hands on his body was enough to make him shiver. This time it had nothing to do with cold water.

"How shall I call you?" Penelope asked, staring up at him with soft and submissive eyes.

"Dekker," He said in a voice ripe with desire. He liked a bit of roleplay as much as the next guy, but right now he didn't want to go through the motions. He just needed satisfaction. "Up."

He had to duck down quite a bit to kiss her. She stood on her toes and expertly returned it, tongue softly probed at his lips. He opened his mouth to her and their tongues mingled as his cock, now stiff as a mast, rubbed against the gossamer lingerie she was wearing.

When the kiss was done, Dekker leaned back from her, and took her wrists in his hands. He pinned her arms around her back, nuzzling her head as he did so, inhaling the scent of her shampoo. She moaned low in her throat at being held so helpless, but didn't resist.

Dekker got down to a knee after making sure she kept her arms behind her. He wanted her slightly helpless, submissive but not overly so. His hands went to her panties, hooking a finger on either side, and slid them slowly down.

Penelope was so finely boned and petite that Dekker was mildly surprised to see a sizable but feminine penis spring forth once he had her panties off. Reflexively, he took it in his hand, stroked it against his rough palm. She sighed in pleasure and released her arms, ran a hand through his salt and pepper hair.

"Surprised?" She asked, eyebrows slightly raised.

"Just a bit," He admitted as he stroked her. A tiny pearl of pre-cum was already proudly standing out from the head.

"Would you prefer someone else?"

"Not at all," Dekker said in a reassuring voice. His hand was quickening it's pace, causing her to close her eyes and breathe harder, small breasts heaving.

"Would you like to suck my cock?" She asked.

Dekker flicked his tongue over the head, lapping up the pre-cum and making her moan aloud for the first time.

"You'll be sucking mine. Seems only fair," He reasoned, and took her into his mouth.

It had certainly been a while since he'd done this, he thought, as drew upon her with soft oral vigor. It was just big enough to prevent him from deepthroating her, but not so big as to make him gag. Dekker was out of practice and had never thought he was too skilled at sucking a cock, and so focused on the task at hand. Or rather, in mouth.

She had already been sporting a hard on from the moment they kissed, and the blowjob was a welcome change from her usual customers who didn't seem to care if she got off. Her balls were already aching as she thrust her hips forward to the rangy man kneeling before her. It wasn't long before her small hand tapped his head and her cherry lips parted to say, "You're making me cum! Don't stop!"

He withdrew his mouth from her and went to work with one hand again, mindful not to hurt her with his grip. Dekker jerked eagerly, timing his hand with her breathing, and when he felt her climax approached he expertly aimed the head of Penelope's cock to the side. He wasn't a fan of cum in his mouth or on his body. Lucky for him, Penelope was a dribbler, not a shooter.

Her semen energetically flowed forth from the head of her elegant member, overflowing his encircling fingers and running down the back of his hand. Dekker kept working on her anyway, looking up at her as she continued to moan and cry out.

"Stop! I need to sit." Penelope gasped, and did so on the bed, breaking their contact.

Dekker stood, flexed his jaw to work out some of the stiffness and studied the load of cum on his hand in a non-fazed way. He wiped it off quickly with the towel. There was a prime candidate for the Barnabas laundry unit.

"Thank you," She said, having caught her breath. "I don't get that often from a customer."

"Don't mention it," Dekker told her. He opened the window just a crack and peeked outside. The sky was lightening. It would be dawn soon. He yawned. He hadn't expected to exert himself so much tonight.

"Come here. It's your turn." She said from behind him.

"It's too late, and I'm too tired," Dekker told her as he turned around. "I have to blast off by 0900 tomorrow. I'll take you in the morning. Hit the lights."

She did as he bade her and squeezed her small body into the bed, throwing open covers for his side. Soon he was wrapped up in her as well as the blanket, both of them eager to draw warmth from one another against the pre-dawn chill.

"Thank you," She said, and snuggled closer. Penelope's fingers made a few exploratory ventures down his muscular chest to his pubic mound, but he shooed her hand away.

"Tomorrow." Dekker murmured, and soon they were both asleep.

******

Dekker had never been able to sleep in. His body was programmed to rise early. He awoke an hour after dawn, starting to sit up hurriedly and remembering only by Penelope's small form next to him where he was.

The whore at his side stirred as well, and groaned at being awakened.

"You're still on the clock," Dekker reminded her, with a playful slap at her small but round bum. "So you wake up when I say."

"Don't remind me." Penelope said tiredly. "Do you always wake up this early?"

"Side effect of space hopping," Dekker said. He rolled over in the bed and pressed his morning wood urgently against the crack of her ass. "I'm used to the time on the Barnabas, not here."

"What's the Barnabas?" Penelope asked. A professional, she was already in business mode, pushing her ass back onto his early morning hard on.

"My ship," He told her while he scooted closer to her, and buried his mouth into the nape of her neck. The sensation of his stubbled chin and cheeks on that sensitive area made her sigh pleasurably.

"You must have a better room on your ship than this," She reasoned. She threw the blankets off their bodies, and raised her left leg into the air.

Dekker gasped at the sudden rush of cold air, but it did little to dim his morning horniness or his erection. He clasped one of her slim thighs in his hand, and sat up on his elbow.

Feeling the head of his cock nudge her asshole, Penelope obediently relaxed and whispered for him to fuck her tight ass. Dekker was happy to oblige. He entered her gently, allowing her time to acclimate to him. When he was fully inside of her, he snaked a hand under her body to play with her small, upturned tits as he slowly rocked his hips, slipping in and out of her asshole.

She reached back and grabbed his hip, urging him forward, bringing her own pelvis back to meet him, timing herself with his every stroke. They fell into a rhythm together, moving their bodies as one, the old bed creaking beneath them.

Dekker hadn't fucked someone in the ass for a long while, let alone someone as petite and small framed as Penelope. His orgasm was already starting, a heavy feeling in the pelvis, rushing to a head. His slight cries turned into a long, sustained moan of passion as he climaxed, suddenly shoving his cock as deep into her as it would go, blowing his load directly up her asshole.

When their breathing had slowed Dekker opened his eyes and saw the room has lightened considerably. He didn't have much time. Gently, he pulled his still hard erection from her. Idly, the trader palmed her flaccid cock, and gave it a little squeeze.

"Were you born with this?" He asked her.

"No. Owner here knew a doctor from Montella who could do the surgery." Penelope heard and felt him getting out of the bed, and realized their business was at an end. She also stood up, and began to make the bed. "Help me with the sheets."

Dekker helped her throw back the comforter onto the foot of the bed, and grabbed a corner of the sheet and whipped it up into the air with her, tucking it at the corner.

"Montellans know the real way to do that," He told her. "I wouldn't trust any human frontier doctor outside of the Capital Worlds change a cunt into a cock."

"It cost a lot of money," Penelope answered as they made the bed. "The Montellan was paid a small fortune in silver and got to have me for a week straight. But it was worth it. I've made more money with a dick than what I was born with."

He didn't think she was probing for a tip, but he gave her one anyway: a single silver for her time and body and conversation. She thanked him in a businesslike manner.

"That's it?" Dekker joked as he got dressed. "No pleas to come offworld with me? No marriage proposals? With every other whore I've fucked on this burg it's been love at first sight. I'm insulted."

"Don't take it too hard. You can't protect me. I know that trading is a dangerous life. If I came with you I might get hauled off by slavers or pirates. Here, I'm unique and I am paid well. Only girl with a cock on Jansen's." Penelope said with pride. "And no one comes here except for people like you. You're not so bad."

"You weren't so bad yourself," Dekker said with a rare smile. He kissed her, surprising them both. "Take care. Thank your boss for the room and thank you for the night."

*****************

The Barnabas wasn't the newest or best freighter in the Barrens, but it was home.

The craft was shaped vaguely like a stingray minus the tail, pebbled with communications arrays and exhaust ports. It's single laser cannon, an antique, stood out from the top of the ship. It's engines were finicky but she had never failed to get him or his out of danger.

He stepped foot into decon. A tingling sensation unlike anything having to do with sex flowed over his body. Dekker waited patiently. What passed for the living area was just around the corner. He could just hear soft, wet sounds and a woman whispering. It could only mean one thing. Now impatient, he waited for the decon room's green light to blink. It did, and the tingling sensation ceased. He was now free from any diseases or pathogens he may have picked up on the planet. Eagerly, he walked through the forcefield and fumbled about with the door's lock, wanting to watch what was going on.

Arela was bent over the table, threading a leash handle through her hands, pulling whoever was on the other end of it closer. Lulu was wearing her collar, kneeling behind her mistress, her face buried deep between her cheeks, nose nuzzling Arela's asshole and lips and tongue at work on her pussy. They were both so caught up in what they were doing that neither heard him approach. Dekker made as little sound as possible and merely watched.

"Good slave. Good. Yeah..." Arela was growling. She loved having her ass eaten more than anything else, maybe even more than her pussy. It was still taboo and fun for her. A seasoned trader and sexual escapade artist like Dekker was accustomed to it, but he never failed to accommodate her when she asked for it. Arela was a tall, statuesque black woman, four years his junior, making her 36. She had lived a hard life and every day of it showed on her shapely body: a scar that twisted from the side of her neck down to her back, almost to her narrow waist. Her hair was natural, extensions were apt to come loose in wind. She had a back tattoo that she had been forced to get after a group of savages insisted they join their tribe to spare their lives: some barbaric goddess, a feather head-dressed monstrosity with a black and yellow face and a war shield. Dekker had that goddesses's male counterpart tattooed on his upper left bicep. The mark had turned out to be their good luck charm and a way of bringing them closer together. Her breasts weren't as firm as they used to be, but he found that with the passing of the years he grew to love her more and more. Every wrinkle and gray hair only endeared her more to him. And her body was still tight, still firm from all the long space lanes they had traveled together and the hard work they shared. It was a difficult life, but it was theirs.
