 I've always known Ferris to be a kind and gentle man. He and his workers have been coming to the castle for years. One morning a week since I was young, a pair of horses would bring his cart rolling past the castle gates of Elynarrah. Many times I would awaken to the squeaking of the wooden wheels as they rolled off the dirt road beyond the wall and onto the smooth, stone surface of our courtyard. 

My window faced south, and with my room high in the tower, I could see beyond the wall to the road which led to Bellehan. On dry, hot days, a trail of dust would be visible from my perch before they were. It gave me enough time to get ready. I'd rush to get dressed and clean myself before their arrival. I'd tame my wild, silver hair from the ravishing my pillow gave it each night, being sure part it so it perfectly framed my thin, pale face. 

This was the only time I ever got to see humans. None were allowed on the grounds unless they were conducting business, and even then they weren't allowed inside castle. I still remember the first time I saw him. It was two years ago during the summer. A strong storm had just passed when they approached the gate. Back then I always watched from my window. Humans intrigued me, but I was too afraid to meet with one face to face. I'd look on as the guards and servants unloaded the cart, inspected the wares, and bartered over the price. 

From so high up, the only thing I ever saw were the tops of their heads. Until there were elves standing with them, it was hard to tell them apart from my own kind. Of course, once they were standing side by side, their differences were unmissable. It always amazed me how the elven guards could look up at the humans and still somehow be looking down on them. Mother and father taught me from a young age that humans still worshipped the wild gods. They were savages and brutes, neither interested in or capable of understanding the rich culture of the elves. 

I always knew I was supposed to look at their world with disdain and disgust, and I certainly kept up appearances for my parent, but I never saw the humans the way everyone else did. The old gods they worshipped used to be our own centuries ago. The tales told of ancient elves who lived amongst the trees and lived off the land. They lived side by side with the humans, hunting together, building together, worshipping together.

Fucking together. 

Time had seen our two races grow in vastly different directions. We elves moved to the plains, erecting bigger and bigger buildings and eventually castles that touched the sky. Our skills changed from hunting and gathering to business and bureaucracy. Our gods changed to ones that championed art and elegance. Manners and propriety became the law of the elven world, but the humans continued as they always had. Trade is all that bridges the chasm dug between our cultures now. 

I'm sure Ferris had likely been on the caravan many times before I finally noticed him. Way down there, he was just another human, another faceless mop of hair running around my courtyard like an ant scurrying about the hill with the rest of its colony. All he did to make me notice him was look up. In all the years of spying on humans from my room, not once had any of them lifted their head to gaze at the stone spires towering over their heads. 

When he looked up, our eyes met. Thank the gods I wasn't leaning far out the window because the shock made me lose my balance. I retreated back into my room, eyes wide and heart aflutter. He'd looked at me. A human dared to gaze into my eyes as I watched him from on high. I didn't know what to do next. A part of me was too scared to ever take up this observational adventure again, yet I found them too fascinating to consider such a thing. Cautiously I crept back to the window, tiptoeing through my room as though he could possibly hear my footsteps. 

I peered over the ledge again, looking out like a frightened rabbit hiding in the brush. I saw him again and froze. He was still looking up. The sunlight lit his face and the wind played with his messy hair. Time stood still as we stared at each other. I can only imagine what unflattering expression my face must have held. My arms were wrapped around my chest, hands clutching my shoulders. As I watched him in fearful amazement, he simply smiled and waved. 

By the gods, did he not know who I was? Did he not realize what he was doing? I was the princess of Elynarrah. Even an elf of high station was to bow humbly in my presence, not wave at me as though I were a commoner. Still, as perplexing as his greeting was, my response was even stranger. Unable to formulate the correct, proper reaction to such a brash action, I did what, for some reason, came naturally. I smiled, lifted my hand, and waved back. 

That was my first interaction with Ferris. We exchanged no words. I wasn't even close enough to discern the color of his eyes. Still, that moment showed me that he could be kind. That he could be loving. Now, I'm learning all the amazing feelings he can draw from my quivering body. 

Ferri's powerful hands are still wrapped around my waist. My feet are dangling in the air, though I've felt like I'm floating even before he picked me up. Unlike that first meeting, I'm quite close to him now. I can see his eyes, his bright green eyes, and the burning desire the hold. He wants to take me, to ravage my body without pause or hesitation, and I've given him permission. 

My head spins as he moves swiftly across the room. The other humans in the tavern fly past my eyes, but I can see the look of shock on their faces. I feel a thud as my back slams against the wall. The head of a bear is to my right. Ferris lifts his arms, sliding me up the wall effortlessly. Following his lead, I lift my legs and rest them on his shoulders. My mind recalls the portly woman with the man's face buried in her loins and I pray that's where this is going.

With my legs on his arms and my back against the wall, Ferris frees his hands to lift the front of my nightgown. Now he's staring at my pussy hungrily, watching as my juices drip off the lips of my delicate, elven flower. He wastes no time, burying his scruffy face into my sex and pushing his wide tongue deep into my folds. I make a sound I never thought possible. My head falls back against the wall as my hands grasp the back of his head. 

Ferris's tongue continues to explore my pussy, filling me with his hot breath. The hair on his upper lip scratches against my clitoris, making my legs twitch wildly. My hips move uncontrollably. It takes me a moment to realize I'm rubbing my pussy against his face as he eats me out. My vision is a little blurry, but I can still see the other humans in the bar as they gaze at the spectacle before them. They're watching me. A room full of humans is watching as this brute of a man devours my pussy. I should feel ashamed. I should feel embarrassed. Why is it making me even hotter?

Ferris works my lower lips until my extasy spills over the edge. For the first time in my life, another person brings me to climax. It's better than I've ever dreamed, and cumming in front of an audience makes it strangely better. My body convulses out of control and I scream in pleasure, a sound answered by rowdy cheers from the humans around. 

He stops and looks up into my eyes. His beard is wet with my juices. I'm looking down at him, just like old times. It isn't an ivory tower of stone holding my up anymore, but his powerful arm. My chest heaves as I gasp for breath. I've never experienced such pleasure in my life.

"Can an elven man eat you like that?" he asks with a coy smile.

"An elven man wouldn't dare try," I respond between gasps. Jolts of pleasure are still firing through my body, making me jerk and shutter as I sit atop his mountainous shoulders. I lean forward and press my lips to his, tasting myself on him. "Now, how might an elf satisfy a big creature such as yourself. 

Ferris drops his shoulders. I fall for a moment, but he catches me and lowers me gently. The rest of the bar has gone back to their orgy, though many continue to watch us as they fuck. I'm certainly not a spectacle they were expecting. My eyes barely come up to Ferris's chest, but I still hold my head back to meet his gaze. My fingers playfully trace his leather belt, stepping along his waistline like a graceful dancer. "I've heard so many rumors about human cock. I've heard they're big enough to split a poor girl in two." He smiles as I tug on his belt, releasing the buckle and letting the two ends fall away from each other. The front of his pants sags, exposing the hair over his crotch. His member quickly becomes too big to be contained, and the sight of his bulge makes me quiver with anticipation. "Let's see if it's true."

With my eyes up I drop to my knees. I was wondering what it was like to take a man's cock into my mouth, and now I'll get to find out. His hand rests on my head, gently stroking my silver locks. His cock moves against the fabric of his trousers, yearning to be freed. I lick my lips and reach up to grasp the waist of his pants. My fingers are trembling, hands hot from the blood pumping through my body. I lean in closer as the base of his cock comes into view. As more of his shaft is exposed, my eyes grow wide. Is there an end to this thing? When his pants finally reach the tip, his rock-hard erection springs to life. It pops up like a jumping cricket, striking my on the cheek. 

I gasp as I behold the monster staring back at me. I was exaggerating before, but now I think there's more truth than story to the tales I've heard. At nearly nine inches, it's as long as my hand and wrist together. What have I gotten myself into? I know I wanted something bigger than an elven dick, but this thing will tear me apart. Human women must have cunts like caves to house such a creature!

"You look unsure," he says warmly. His hands leave my head and reach to retrieve his trousers. He's so sweet, ever the caring soul even when his throbbing member demands to be satisfied. Perhaps he's right. There's only so much a girl can take, and I've already had quite a night. Certainly there are limits that separate fantasy from reality, and somethings just aren't meant to be. 

He puts his hand on his cock, preparing to shove the beast back into its cage. My sensible side is relieved. But that's not the side of me that snuck out of the castle in the middle of the night. That's not the side of me that trekked through miles of mud. That's not the side of me that managed to walk into this den of wild passion.

That's not the part of me kneeling before the most magnificent dick I've ever seen. 

My right hand rises like a striking snake. I snatch his weapon before he can sheath it once again. It's warm and smooth in my hand, throbbing with eagerness as my pussy had been. "I'm not unsure," I say in a low voice. I steal one last look up into his eyes, his sparkling green eyes like the forest in summer. I smile at him devilishly. "I'm hungry."

With my mouth agape I move towards his cock. His sex has a dark, musky smell that ensnares me. My tongue lands upon the base of his shaft and slowly travels towards the head. The taste is better than I imagined, and it only makes me hungrier. His hands land atop my head, fingers clutching my hair forcefully. He moans low as his cock twitches against my nose. I lick again, more forcefully this time, pressing my wet tongue against the back of his dick. He shutters, hands trembling on top of my head. My lustful appetite is joined by a strange sense of power. This giant among the gods' creatures moves with my actions like a puppet. 

His reactions fuel my desire to satisfy him. My tongue continues to explore his massive cock while the fingers of my right hand wrapped lovingly around the base. I can barely touch my fingertips together. Pulling my mouth away, I stroke his cock as I saw the woman do earlier. I've no frame of reference for this other than what I've already seen tonight. Nothing like this would ever be done in the elven world. If anyone back home ever discovered I'd serviced a man's cock with my tongue they'd think me insane. Still, I'm not done yet.

My hand brings his dick into position as my mouth opens wide. With a deep breath, I take the head of his member past my lips and teeth. My jaw strains to hold him, and it only widens more as I take him deeper into the chasm of my mouth. The head of his cock reaches my throat, and there's still enough left exposed to wrap my hands around. I consider giving up, but then I hear that moan again. He's enjoying it, enjoying my mouth wrapped around his cock. His fingers rub gently through my hair. 

Mimicking the woman I saw earlier, I move my head back and forth. His massive member slides in and out of my mouth. My tongue runs along the back of his cock and it seems to be driving him wild. The more he moans, the hotter I get. I never imagined servicing a man with my mouth could be so satisfying for myself. 

Gaining confidence, I work faster. My lips move over his dick with more speed. I suck and lick wildly, all the while pumping at the base with my hands. His legs are quivering now. I can feel his balls tightening beneath my hands. The faster I work his cock, the faster his breaths get. The pitch of his moaning increases and I feel his dick widen in my mouth. 

Without warning, Ferris begins to convulse wildly. His hands grip my hair tightly, pushing his cock farther down my throat. My eyes widen when I feel something warm and wet gush from his member with amazing force. More comes flowing into my mouth. I try to pull away, but his hips thrust his cock back into my mouth. I've brought him past his limit and awakened the animal within. I'm powerless to stop him as he wildly fucks my face, spilling his seed down my throat. 

When he finally stops, his hands release my hair. His cock slides out of my mouth, a trail of saliva still connecting it to my lips. I fall back on my ass, coughing and gagging. Cum streams from the corners of my mouth. As my wide eyes stare at his cock, it convulses one more time. A final shot of cum fires from his member, streaking across my nose and cheek. He looks down at me, his face a twisted display of panic and shock. I'm on the floor, breathing heavily. His cum covers my face and oozes from my lips. 

"By the gods, please forgive me!" he says desperately. "I never meant to do that to you."

I should feel violated. I'm down on the floor, face covered in thick semen and gasping for breath, all while a room full of drunk, horny humans watch on. Yet, all I feel is alive. I set out tonight looking for an adventure, for something beyond the limits of my insatiable imagination. My goals have been met, yet my body wants more. It must have more. 

I wipe the cum from my face and rise to my feet. I lift my head, letting him see my throat bulge as I swallow the last gulp of his seed. His expression is priceless. This is not the little elven princess he's known for years. Well, it is, but he's never seen this side of me before. I've never let this side of me out before.

"I hope that's not all you have," I say with a coy smile. "Because I still want more."