 What in the name of the gods am I doing?

There is a cold crispness to the autumn night air. The sky is clear, letting the stars shine brightly in all their glory. The air smells of crunchy leaves and wet mud. It's rained recently, but my nose didn't need to tell me that. The mud covering my feet is proof enough, and they aren't the only part of me caked in the stuff. It's been a long road to get where I am, a road traveled only with the company of loneliness and fear. To say I'm supposed to be here is beyond an understatement. The only thing in my favor is that I'm miles from home and it's the middle of the night. Even if someone were, for some strange reason, to rise from their bed in the castle and travel through the miles of hallway just to peek in and see if I'm still in my bed, they would only know that I'm missing. They'd look for me, sure, but no force in the world would lead them to believe I'd come here. 

Why would an elven princess run away to a human settlement?

The town of Bellehan is quite small, though the farms surrounding it seem to be endless. It's through those muddy fields of already harvested crops and sleeping cattle that I've trudged under the moonlight. I was overjoyed when I finally saw the lights shining from a cluster of buildings at the bottom of a small hill. My footsteps quickened along with my heart rate. I've only ever seen this place on a map until now, though I've been studying that map for weeks on the off chance I'd get the crazy notion to actually come here. 

I didn't know which of the dozen or so buildings held what I was looking for, but my senses soon led me in the right direction. Most of the lights in the town were dim, barely showing in the windows. There was one though, right in the center, with wide windows that shined as brightly as the sun. I could see shadows dancing behind the glass and the faint sounds of music were filling the air. Before I could even read the sign swinging over the door in the breeze, I knew this was the Stallion Alehouse. 

By the time I reached the window, my legs could barely carry me anymore. My soul is a swirling storm of fear and excitement. Now, my knees are sunken into the mud by the wall and my hands are pressed against the dirty glass. My eyes are adjusting to the light radiating from inside, but what I see is already making the trip worth the risk. The tavern is small, built from planks of sturdy wood with furniture to match. A long bar made from a split log lines the back wall. Shelves of glass bottles full of various alcohols are erected behind it. The heads of bears, deer, and other animals dot the other walls with no semblance of order or planning. The antlers of many are being repurposed as coat racks. In the back corner to my left, a trio of humans bang on drums and blow on flutes, creating an energetic and primal melody like I've never heard before. Elven music is always so elegant and inoffensive. This song feels right to awaken the animal within, and from the look of the tavern patrons, it's working. 

There are about two dozen humans in the tavern. Most of them are men, but there are a few women as well. Their garments are loose and simple looking, likely the same clothes they've been working hard in all day long. They're dancing and shouting along to the music. Even through the smudges window, I can see how red their faces are, flush with excitement and joy. There are five women in total, and all of them are stomping around the floor as though possessed by an outside spirit. The boards below their feet creek and groan with each step. Most of the men are sitting at the tables and drinking, though their wide eyes are fixated upon the women. 

My breaths quicken as I notice the hunger in their eyes. These men aren't admiring the poise or form of these women, oh no. They're gazing at them like a forest cat watches its prey before pouncing. The women seem to know it too, and it's driving them just as crazy. Only a trio of men are on the dance floor, one of whom I recognize. He has a messy mop of brown hair and three days of unshaven stubble covering most of his face. The sun has baked his skin to a leathery brown. That's Ferris. He's the one who told me about this place. He's the one who set me on the wild and dangerous path that led me here. 

He's the one I think about at night when I'm working my fingers inside of my pussy.

Ferris is dancing along with the ladies and two other men. He doesn't move as wildly as they do. His routine consists mostly of stomping his right foot as his hands clap along to the beat. I can't take my eyes off him. Each time he claps, the muscles of his arms twitch, and with arms as wide as oak limbs, there's plenty there to see. The smile on his face makes me dizzy. I've always found a strange attraction to human men, but no other has ever enchanted me as much as him. 

With my fingers spread wide on the window I press my face against the glass. By the look of things, I've arrived exactly when I was hoping to. When Ferris would tell me about this place, about this gathering, he always said that things didn't get really exciting until just after midnight. That was when the men reached the limit of how much they'd be teased and the women were ready to finally let them win. The things he described after that had shocked me at first, but also excited me. I couldn't imagine such a thing actually taking place, and that's why I had to see it for myself. 

Off to the right, one of the men sitting at a table motions for a nearby woman to come to him. She smiles at him devilishly as she makes her way across the room. Her steps are slow and deliberate, causing her hips to rotate and her rear to protrude. She turned away from him once she's but a few steps away and bends over. The man reaches out and snatches her by fabric of her dress. Knocked off balance, the girl tumbles backward onto his lap. He wraps an arm around her and they kiss, but it's not like any kiss I've ever seen in elven culture. When elves kiss, it's a short and delicate act; as formal as a handshake. These two are passionately locked together. I gasp as I see her pull away and rub her tongue across his lips. 

As she playfully bites and licks at his face, his hand swings across his body and grabs hold of her left breast. She giggles as his palm works her bosom like a baker pressing dough. I start to breathe heavily when he tugs down at her already low neckline. Even from outside I can hear a faint tearing sound as her milky white breasts pop over the fabric. He grabs the left one and holds it up to his mouth. My mouth hangs open as I watch him suckle at her tit hungrily. Her head flies back in ecstasy and I can hear her moans over the music. She hugs his head to her chest as he ravages her breasts like a crazed animal. 

This goes on for several minutes. The sight is so mesmerizing, I don't notice till later that many of the other women have paired off with several of the men. They kiss passionately as they grind their bodies against one another. Back at the table, the woman climbs off the man's lap and falls to her knees. With a coy smirk, he begins to undo the belt around his waist. With the fabric loosened, she reaches into his trousers and pulls out his cock. By the gods, they are much bigger than elven dicks. 

Elves are quite beautiful creatures, but neither males or females of my race have a lot of...well...meat on them. The penis of an elf is often short and slender, enough to fulfill its biological purpose and nothing else. Even though they're quite a distance away from me, I can tell that the human's cock is at least seven inches long, nearly twice as long as elf dicks tend to get, and that's not even counting the clearly bigger girth. I watch with wide eyes as she moves her long, blond hair over her left shoulder and runs her tongue along the length of his shaft. 

My left hand slides off the glass and down to my waist. The heat coming off my lower lips is intense. I cup my fingers over my groin and rub my clit. The wetness of my pussy soaks into the dirty fabric of my dress as I watch the girl take his entire cock into her mouth. I've never seen such a practice before. Sucking on a penis? No one in elven society would ever dream of such an act! The man's head leans back and his legs spread apart. One arm falls limp to his side while the other rests on the back of her head. All the while, the woman's head bobs up and down on his cock. 

I lick my lips as I imagine what it must be like, how it must taste. It's a strange act for sure, but one that excites me. My eyes dart around the room to see what the other humans are up to. There's another couple over against the wall to my right. She's a pale and portly woman with flowing red hair. Her exposed breasts, each as large as my entire head, are bouncing up and down as she shutters in small jolts. There is a man kneeling in front of her. The hem of her dress is sitting on his head and his hands are firmly planted upon her buttocks. I can't get a clear view of what he's doing under the folds of her skirt, but I think it's safe to say that he's munching on her pussy like a starving man would eat a steak. 

The orgy going on in the tavern is mesmerizing. This is like nothing I've ever seen in the elven world. Our gods would frown heavily on such lewd and reckless behavior. But the humans worshipped other gods; wild, primal gods that see mankind no differently than the beasts in the woods. My kind would consider such a notion insulting, but the humans see it as a code to live by. To them curiosities are to be indulged, urges are to be satisfied, and shame is for the weak. 

At least, that's what Ferris always tells me. Hearing his tales of the elven world always make me swoon. The thought of having my fantasies without feeling embarrassed by them is foreign enough, but to act on them? It all seemed unfathomable until this moment. I'm drawn again to the first couple at the table. She's taken her mouth off his cock, but continues to work her hand up and down the length of it while smiling playfully at him. The purple head of his member glistens with a thin layer of saliva. As she works his dick like a butterchurn, another man approaches from behind her. His hands wraps around her waist and rub around her ass, giving it a little squeeze. 

She smiles again as she lifts her rear into the air. The man behind her tugs up at her dress, exposing her ass. The man sitting in front of her stands, bringing his cock back towards her mouth and thrusting it between her lips. At the same time, the man behind her pulls out his member and slowly slides it into her waiting vagina. Even from the other side of the glass, I can sense the indescribable ecstasy she's experiencing. She never even looked at the man behind her, but still presented her sex to him to have his way with. I don't think she knows who it is that's fucking her. 

I don't think she cares. 

My body is on fire now. I can feel my chest heaving with heavy breaths as I feverishly rub at my clit. It's all so intoxicating, so amazing. I can't stand it anymore. I have to be a part of it. Somehow, I find the strength to stand. I think my carnal desires have taken control of my body, because I move towards the door without any conscious effort. It's like I'm floating, a formless cloud of primal desire gliding towards the door. My fingers find the cast iron latch and unhook it. The door creaks open loudly, causing the festivities to come to a stop. The music ceases and all eyes fall upon me. 

Ferris has been passionately kissing a dark skinned beauty at the bar, but he pulls away as a look of shock covers his face. "Princess Zahanna," he says in bewilderment. "Is that you?"

I don't answer him. All I can do is stand there. My feet and legs are caked in mud. My nightgown is filthy. My silver hair looks like an old birds nest, and I'm hornier than I've ever been in my entire life. The room is silent, making my deep breaths deafeningly loud. He moves across the room to me, looking at me as if he's seeing a ghost. Whenever he'd tell me the tales of this place, of this gathering, I'd always tell him I was going to come. He'd laugh, obviously taking my promise as a playful joke. Elves never came to visit the humans, and especially not for an event such as this. Ours was the ruling class, kept aloft in our castles and vast estates where hard work was done by those you'd bought. Humans were the working class, the lesser species. They were good for tilling the fields and constructing the buildings. They knew nothing of art, of fine music, of dance. Why should they ever expect to see one of my kind in a place like this.

"By the gods," he says with a laugh. "You actually came. I can't believe you're here. Did anyone see you? Are you in trouble?"

"I...don't care," I answer. There's barely anything to my voice but air. "I don't care."

He puts his hand on my back and motions me to the bar. "Let's get you cleaned up. I'll have them fetch you something to drink and..."

"I didn't come here for that," I say softly. 

He stops and looks at me. The man towers a full foot and a half over my head. I could stand beside myself and still not be as wide as he is. Close to him now I can smell the sweat on his skin and it's making me even crazier. I've smelled it before. When his cart brings food and goods to the castle each week, he always carries the odors of a hard day's work. His scent has always intoxicated me, but smelling it now in this den of carnal pleasures with my loins aching to be satisfied is more than I can bear.  

"Please, I insist. Let me fetch you some water."

I'm annoyed, but I can't blame him. Ferris has been trained his whole life to look upon one my kind as his superior, his better. He knows why I'm here. I've told him I wanted to experience this for myself. He just can't seem to cast his upbringing aside. I guess I'll have to help him.

My body spins toward him and I grab his forearms. My fingers won't even wrap around them they're so large. His skin is moist with sweat and hot to the touch. I want him, more than I've ever wanted anything in my life. My head tilts back and I gaze into his eyes. "You know why I'm here. You know what I want."

"I know what you've told me," Ferris says sheepishly. "I just can't believe that..."

"I didn't walk three miles through the mud and the cold to get treated like a delicate princess," I say boldly. My hands slide across his chest and grasp the fabric of his shirt. "Now stop treating me like a lady and fuck me like a bar wench!" I see a flare behind his eyes like I've never seen before. That's all he needed: that permission, that absolute declaration that our desires were one in the same and he was free to act on them. Faster than can blink he grabs me by the waist and lifts me off the ground. Gods, I must weigh nothing to him. 

He pulls me towards him, pressing his lips against my own and forcing his tongue into my mouth. The hair on his face rubs harshly against my delicate skin. The bodies of elven men have no hair. They are fair, androgynous creatures; nothing like the wild beast holding my high above the floor.

I grab the sides of his head and rake my fingers through his hair. My body is on fire, but I've never felt more alive. Tonight I get to fulfill my fantasy. Tonight I will have the human of my dreams.