 Hey all, sorry I haven't updated in while. Christmas, New Years and a PS4 happened. Nevertheless, I hope 2017 is treating you well so far.

I want to extend my gratitude to John Blackhawk and curiousvisitor for their editing and proofreading skills, and look forward to working with them again in the future.

Enjoy.

———

Rose

When I lived at the compound, every part of every day was so similar that time blended together, so it never made sense to have a favourite time of day, especially because with no windows or clocks my sisters and I were never entirely sure what time of the day it was anyway. Not even the wardens seemed to know. Sometimes they would be talking about their dinner while bringing us our breakfast!

But after two weeks with Master, I can say without a shadow of a doubt, that mornings are my favourite. Not breakfast time when I eat with Master and his family before tending to my chores with Miss Anne. But early morning, just as the birds are waking, safe and warm beside my wonderful owner.

For an hour or so before the rest of the world wakes up it feels like I'm the only person my Master cares about; it's wonderful. Sometimes we don't even un-phase the windows, just cuddle and talk in the darkness until the birds begin to sing.

Master is not awake yet this morning, so I kiss his shoulder softly, thinking about the day ahead. I miss him terribly when he attends his classes, especially because I have to stay hidden at home. Even with a routine to follow, I still often find myself counting down the long lonely hours.

Most of my day is spent helping Master's Mother's grumpy slave, Anne. It's not hard work, basic domestic service that I had drilled into me at a very young age. Unfortunately the simplicity of most of my chores means my mind has ample opportunity to wander, much to the annoyance of Anne, who already thinks I'm disobedient and lazy. Her attitude towards me hasn't improved since she told Master to put me on a leash before taking me outside.

Master tells me to ignore her, which is easier said than done, particularly when I'm left alone in a new room that lends itself better to exploring than cleaning. Though, having decided that yelling at me has little effect, she's now taken to providing my Master with long lists of all my many faults, along with recommended punishments for each and every one.

Luckily Master seems more interested on pinning the lists to his notice board than following through with the punishments. If I were to be handed that amount of spankings, I wouldn't be able to sit down for a week!

My owner stirs under my lips and I feel his hand brush down my side, slipping under my pyjama top to rest against my bare flesh. "Mmmmh," he sighs contentedly. "Good morning, sweetie."

"Good morning, Master," I purr happily, nuzzling his chest.

"Did you sleep well?" he asks, turning away momentarily for the bedside controls, phasing the windows to reveal the deep royal blue of an early morning sky. 

"Yes, Master," I reply, taking back my comfortable spot on his chest the moment he rolls back over.

"Are you sure? I heard you coughing last night; did you go and get something to drink?"

The cough that has been plaguing me for the last week and a half is yet another bone of contention with Anne. She has it in her head, that I'm purposely making my condition worse as an excuse for being slow about my chores. Master on the other hand is almost suffocating with his concern; he insists I stay warm and even rubs my back to make me feel better after a coughing fit leaves my chest feeling like it's been crushed in a vice.

"No, Master," I say softly, suspecting he already knew the answer.

"Why?"

"Please, Master, I didn't have permission. And I didn't want to disturb your sleep."

"You need to learn to ask for the things you want," he says, tucking his fingers into the waistband of my sleep shorts. I shiver with anticipation. This is something that happens nearly every morning. Master's touches getting more and more intimate before he invariably pulls away. The whole act leaves me with a molten fire in my lower belly and no way to quench it.

I dare not touch myself, no matter how much I want to. There must be something, some act of disobedience that is a step too far and will earn me a severe punishment. Master is very kind, but he's still human. He has limits to how far I can push him, and I have no interest in finding out where those limits are.

"I want to please you, Master," I say, my voice a little hoarse.

"That's a good start."

In the semi-darkness of morning I can just see the flash of his grin.

With my pulse quickening, I scoot down lower in the bed, intending to see to the growing tent in my owner's shorts.

"Oh no, you don't," Master says, grabbing my arm softly. "Back up here, hands behind your back."

I hasten to comply with his wishes, twin shivers of dread and excitement running through me. This is the first time he has given me such a direct order and the thrill of relinquishing control to him is intoxicating. But at the same time, being ordered to put your hands behind your back is almost always followed by a restraint of some kind. My sisters and I spent long hours bound in all manner of uncomfortable positions so that we were prepared for whatever our future owners might throw at us. It wasn't a lesson I enjoyed.

"Good girl," Master coos softly as I obediently tuck my arms behind the small of my back. "Now like I said, you need to learn to ask for what you want."

I want to scream. This is another lesson! Master has been training me recently. Not in the controlled and segmented manner of the compound, but completely unannounced at random times throughout the day. He'll find some reason to give me a choice, even a trivial one like choosing between a pink or blue vest.

Though the constant threat of an unforeseen choice keeps me on edge around my owner, I must admit I prefer his way to teaching over the wardens'. At the compound the reward for doing something well was not being punished for failing to do it. But with Master it's different; he showers me with praise when I make a choice, but when he senses I'm struggling, he steps in and makes the decision for me.

"So, sweetie," my owner says, tucking a strand of unkempt hair behind my ear, "what is it you want?" 

Squirming under his gaze I shrug. 

"Well, that's a shame," Master says, making to get out of bed.

"Wait!" My heart thunders in my chest as he turns back to me. "May I have a kiss, Master?" I ask in my smallest voice.

"Hmmm, I don't see any Masters around here." He mimes looking around the room. "Who are you talking to, sweetie?"

"Master!" I squeal unhappily. This is so unfair! Averting my gaze I ask again, my voice barely more than a whisper, "May I have a kiss, please, Dan?"

"You're such a good girl," he whispers in return, his lips meeting mine in a passionate kiss.

I melt beneath him as he lavishes me with attention. My body responds to it in a predictably disobedient way. I groan into my Master's mouth as the soft fabric of my shirt rubs against my oversensitive nipples.

"Are you okay?" Master asks, breaking the kiss long before I'm ready.

"Yes, Master!" I reply arching my back to push my breasts forward in what I hope is a seductive manner.

I can feel his hardness against my thigh as he nods slowly, kissing my cheek before settling down into the pillows beside me.

Whimpering in need, I rub my leg against the tent in his shorts.

He groans softly, clearly as desperate to be touched as I am.

"Gah, you vile temptress, I won't give in," he laughs, "If you want something, ask for it."

"Please, touch me," I mumble, hoping he picks up on the fact I very purposefully didn't call him Master.

"Where?"

"Everywhere," I whimper.

He chuckles and begins to caress my body, his fingertips tracing the side of my belly down to my hip, sparking little jolts of pure ecstasy that congregate in the pit of my stomach like liquid fire. The only problem is that my pyjamas are preventing him from getting to the places that I'm so desperate for him to touch.

"May I take my shirt off, Master?" I ask softly.

"Who?" he replies, rubbing his palm across the underside of my breast, a huge smile appearing on his face as I quiver beneath his touch.

"Ohhhhh," I gasp, "Dan!"

"Better," he grins, "much better." With an eagerness that betrays his feigned control he practically rips off my shirt, kicking back the covers to admire my body in the pale light of morning.

He stops me as I move to return my arms to their restrictive position behind my back; telling me I can touch anything but myself while his own fevered touches centre entirely on my now exposed breasts.

Something about the way he is touching me seems to make me forget both my training and good thinking, as I reach up to his cheeks, cupping them and guiding his mouth to mine for an intense kiss before pushing his down head towards my chest.

"Touch me!" I beg as he flicks my nipple with his tongue.

"I am," he laughs, his amusement vibrating into my taut flesh, sending yet another lightning bolt of pleasure shooting down my spine as he gently pinches my other nipple.

"N- No!" I moan, "Between my legs. Please, Master, please!"

Almost trembling with anticipation I feel him push his hand down my stomach until it comes to rest with his fingers just beneath the waistband of my shorts, where he stops. With an internal groan I try and roll my hips, desperate for his fingers to explore the most sensitive part of my body.

"Dan, please," I pant.

"There's my good girl," he murmurs, pushing his hand all the way into my shorts. I squeal in delight, not just at his touch but at his words, both of which have a visceral effect on me. As Master well knows.

"Oh stars, Rose, you're soaked," he says, his words slurred as he sucks my nipple into his hot mouth.

I squeal in delight as his fingers work their way into my sex. I've been waiting days for this, struggling with myself every time I had a shower. But holding out for Master was so worth it, I could never make myself feel like this.

Undoing the string fastening my shorts I roll my hips, rubbing myself against my owner's probing fingers. He quickly catches on to where I want his full attention and he moves his thumb to gently circle my clit. The sudden combined assault on my body almost pushes me fully over the edge.

"Dan," I whimper, feeling the pressure building inside me, ready to be released at a moment's notice. Which is why it is so difficult to push out my next words. "Dan, stop."

My Master pauses at once, his mouth still only a few inches above my breast, a desperately concerned look on his face. Wincing, I suddenly wish I could take back my words.

"Are you okay?" he asks softly.

I look away, unable to handle the look on his face. It takes me a long moment to build up the courage needed to speak as I turn back to face my Master. "I want to," I pause, "I want to orgasm together." 

He stares at me for several seconds, his gaze seeming to pierce the emotionless vale I've been trained to surround myself in as if it were silk. "Well, I can hardly say no to that, now can I?"

His question is rhetorical but light hearted and I let out a sigh of relief as he reaches over to his nightstand, pulling out a small silver packet. When did he get those?

I've been taught what condoms are, of course, though like a lot of things humans use, I don't really understand the point of them. In the compound they explained, that a Master might sometimes use one at the request of his wife or girlfriend, who is okay with her partner having sex with a Lower Vil, but not skin-to-skin contact.

I watch as my owner ditches his shorts, attending to himself with a slightly nervous frown. He really must be worried about getting me pregnant again, even though the person who looked at my stomach told him I couldn't be. Unless he has a girlfriend, one he sees when he goes to classes! Forcing down my panic I remind myself, that even if he does have a human girlfriend, it's not my place to object. I just secretly hope he doesn't; I want to be the only person he uses like this.

With the condom in place and his perceived dignity intact, Master turns his attention to me. "How, in the name of every eternal star, did I get so lucky?" he asks, softly kissing my lips before setting a trail of tingling kisses down my hypersensitive flesh.

My shorts are already low around my hips when my owner reaches them, and it takes hardly any effort for him to pull them off my writhing body. Stretching I bask in his hungry look.

"What do you want, Rose?" he asks, kissing the inside of my thigh.

"I want you inside of me," I groan, arching my back as he gently tweaks my nipple.

"So very, very impatient," he says with a wicked grin, moving up my body until our lips meet.

Wrapping my arms around him I rotate my hips, desperate for release from the fire burning inside me. I gasp as he rubs his hard member up and down my sex, teasing me. He laughs softly as I buck with impatience beneath him before pushing against my opening with a groan of lust.

He grunts as inch by careful inch he pushes himself into me. I let him become my whole world as I let out a low moan of delight. Slowly he increases his pace as I start to rotate my hips, watching his face contort with pleasure as we find each other's rhythm.

Suddenly he places his hand on my hip, flipping us in one quick graceful motion. With a yelp I end up straddling his body on my knees, his cock still buried deep inside me. Not breaking eye contact, I start to slowly roll my hips, enjoying the new and wonderful sensation of the long slow strokes from this angle of penetration.

Licking his lips, Master reaches for my breast, rubbing his thumb in circular motions over my nipple. I have to put a hand on his chest to balance myself as I lean forwards to give him better access to my sensitive flesh. At the same time I abandon the slow sensuous strokes with my hips for hard fast thrusts that have an immediate effect on my owner.

Hearing my Master's rapid grunts of pleasure nearly causes me to lose control, but I rein myself in. Not only because to cum before him would be the height of disobedience, but because I want this moment, this wonderful moment of complete ecstasy to last as long as I can make it.

Master starts to move with me, our bodies becoming one as our tempo builds. Logical thought leaves me as I give myself completely over to the intensity of the moment. Time seems to lose its hold over the pair of us; I can't tell if hours or seconds have paused.

I feel his cock twitch inside me as he reaches his climax, sending me completely over the edge. Collapsing against him, I tremble as I'm assaulted by wave upon wave of indescribable pleasure, fading away slowly like the aftershock of a volcano to leave me an exhausted heap panting against my owner's chest.

"Stars," Master says hoarsely, wrapping his arms around me.

I kiss his cheek softly, not ever wanting this moment of closeness to end. To my horror, Master starts to chuckle. I blink at him, desperately trying to work out what I could have done wrong to cause such amusement.

"Master?" I say tentatively.

"Oh," he gives me a tired smile. "It's nothing, just thinking about this old teacher I used to have. He told me learning was fun; I never believed him." He pauses to kiss my cheek. "But I do now; I think we should have more lessons. In the name of your education, obviously."

"Yes, Master," I giggle, "Learning with you is definitely better than at the compound."

With a sigh he looks over at his bedside control, "Fuck, I feel like such a dick but I really need to go. I promised to hand out some leaflets before school."

I nod, quickly rolling off of him. I'm disappointed that our time together has to come to an end so quickly, but I'm not sure why he seems so apologetic. Perhaps he's as disappointed about our parting as I am. It's a possibility; it's also a very dangerous thought for a Lower Vil. I think, or rather hope, Master feels for me what I feel for him. But if he doesn't, then I need to be prepared. I just wish I knew how I could prepare for my world ending.

"Oh, and I forgot to tell you, my parents are heading out of hub for a long weekend, so you and Emily get to be adventure buddies today." Giving me a smirk he continues, "Do try and keep her out of trouble, won't you?"

"Yes, Master," I reply with a yawn, making to follow him out of bed.

"Sleep, sweetie, I think I can handle a shower by myself." With a wink, he heads for the bathroom.

Watching the bathroom door close, I sigh; it's going to be hours before I see him again. Reaching over to the bedside control, I set the alarm before pulling the covers around me and snuggling up. I truly am spent after this morning's activities. At least I can spend time with Emily later, and then I will have Master around for the entire weekend. With that happy thought on mind I close my eyes, becoming a purring ball of contentment.

— — —

Dan

Given what happened this morning, it's hardly a surprise that my day has gone downhill since. Still, I could never have predicted it would be this crappy. First off they were having some kind of retro day on the inter-city grav-trains, so I got to experience the joy of riding into the central transport hub with a load of 'enthusiasts' listening to the rhythmic clatter of steel wheels on metal tracks played on the audio system while being subjected to what is apparently the scent of a steam engine pumped through the air-conditioning system.

One of the passengers, who to his credit, was treating his Lower Vil fairly well, told me it was romantic. I think the term he was looking for was romanticized; even back when boiled water was an advanced technology I doubt many people felt particularly lucky to travel to work with their nose blocked and their eardrums bleeding.

I've never tried handing out our new anti-slavery pamphlets - which focus now on gently introducing choice into the lives of the Lower Vil - in the morning. I've never had the willpower to get myself up so early. But Claire wanted to try, and given we are only just back on speaking terms, I dutifully complied. However as it turns out, people who don't want to be bothered after a hard day at work really don't want to be bothered before they have even fully woken up.

In the space of an hour and a half I've been shoulder barged three times and had five of my leaflets torn up before being thrown to the wind. Because apparently not caring about an entire race of people doesn't make you enough of a dickhead, you have to add in littering.

Thoroughly done with the whole endeavour and trying not to think about the fact that I have an entire day of school ahead of me, I stroll in the direction of the inner-city platforms.

I should have just stayed in bed with Rose. Her cough isn't getting better, and however much I tell myself it's just a cold, I have a horrible feeling in the pit of my stomach that it's something more. But what the hell can I do? A doctor, even if I could afford one, is out of the question and however proficient my sister's vet friend might be with a medi-scanner, he can't actually do anything in terms of treatment.

I'm so lost in my worries for my slave girl that I nearly walk straight into the chest of an enforcer that steps out in front of me. Feeling the strange tingle of his personal repulsion field, I take a few hasty steps backwards before mumbling an apology and attempting to walk around the heavily armoured officer.

"Excuse me, citizen," his partner says, stepping into my path. 

"Yeah?" I say, a little bewildered. I've never been stopped by an enforcer before; with our ident chips being constantly monitored there is very little reason for an officer to interact with someone until he or she has to make an arrest.
