 Dessa enjoys this job. Training dragon riders how to fight and getting them into shape wasn't what she had planned to do, but it was a job that definitely has its benefits. She looked at the pair of young warriors. Their bronze bodies covered in sweat from the exertion of running in full mail. She knew the feeling too well, the metal burning hot in the sun, the thick padded gambeson underneath trapping the heat. She laughs to herself. One more challenge before she is done drilling them. She points to the next rise. "Go!" She yells. They obey her command.

They charge down the knoll, vaulting into the stream and wading through the water before running up the next hill. 

Shae wins again. The compact girl amazingly strong for someone her size. The boy Bren a close and sweaty second.

Dessa walked up the hill to where her trainees lay sprawled and panting amongst the flowers and long the grass. "Who said you could rest? Did I say we were done?"

She watches them leap to their feet. A small grin on the edge of her lips. "I guess I should have said dismissed. We are done for the day. I'm going to bathe in the stream, care to join me?"

It is a ritual. They work hard and then lounge in the stream wearing nought but their undergarments. It has all been nothing but relaxed fun but recently she has felt the change. She has been watching her charges. It is almost time for them to leave the valley, to join the dragon riders in the North. They flirt more and more openly with each other and with her, they find excuses to splash one another and playfully wrestle and grapple. The time for fun and games is coming to an end, so both the fun and games have gained an urgency. 

Today she is up to no good. She has ran them extra hard and made sure they have had no time to recover between drills. They are thirsty when they reach the stream. She passes a gourd to Bren as she pulls her heavy bodice from her body leaving only a light shirt beneath. She watches as he gulps the liquid down before passing the gourd to Shae. She also drinks with gusto, the wine trickling from her lips and down her slender neck as she quenched her thirst.

Dessa watches the girl as she pulls her padded tunic over her head. Below is white linen tunic that has down just below the girl's groin. Her eyes make there way from Shae's sculptured thighs to her face. She follows Shae's azur eyes. Bren has discarded his armour and is stepping into the pool wearing nought but a cloth wrapped around his waist. Dessa feels her pulse quicken as she eyes his chest and torso, the months of hard training have shaped him into a work of art. She wonders if five years ago when she went through the training would she have worked so hard and achieved all she had had Bren been her companion, or would she have been too heavy with child before her training was finished.

Dessa eagerly swigs from the gourd as it is passed back to her. The alcohol quickens something deep inside.

She leads Shae into the pool. They ease themselves into the water, she feels the cold stream caress her tired muscles. A look of mischief dances across Shae's face. She knows what is coming but is too slow to react, they each grab an arm and dunk her under the stream. Dessa bursts back to the surface. Shae and Bren are laughing.

Dessa grabs at Bren and tosses him into the deep water at the heart of the pond. She is recovering her balance from the move when she feels a pair of hands grasping her. She twists but to no avail, Shae pivots and throws her towards where Bren is pulling himself back towards the shallows. Dessa reaches out, her hand finds Bren, she grabs at him stop herself going under. He reaches for her and pulls her to the shallows and towards him.

His powerful fingers wrap around her arm as he pulls her in close. She looks up at him, his white teeth visible behind a cheeky grin. She follows his gaze to her chest. Her shirt has torn in the rough housing, it hangs open exposing her breasts and her mound to his vision. It takes her a moment to pull the tunic together to regain her modesty.

She hears laughter and splashing. Shae is making her way over to them. "Hey no fair. If he gets a look I do too."

Dessa responds, "What is unfair is you both getting an eye full and me missing out." Her words surprise her almost as much as they do the others.

Bren has no shame, she knows that well, and is not surprised when his loin cloth is sent flying to the bank. The speed at which Shae's tunic follows is more of a surprise. The real shock comes when she looks back towards Bren, his erect manhood clearly visible through the water. It is easily big enough for two, maybe three hands to hold.

"Hey I still haven't seen anything I haven't before", Shae has drifted to Dessa's shoulder, her dark nipples highlighting her pert but petite breasts.

Dessa complies, dropping her torn garment into the water while turning to face the athletic youngster. "Better?"

"Much better, much better than looking at that boring boy." Shae reaches up and pulls Dessa close, their lips lock while their tongues dance. Dessa finds her hand gripping Shae's firm buttocks, the flesh smooth and alluring. She feels Shae returning the gesture, her lithe fingers grasping Dessa's cheeks, her sharp nails clawing at her skin.

A third hand grips Dessa, Bren has wrapped an arm around her back, his fingers brushing the side of her right breast. His left hand presses on her face, drawing her from her lip lock with Dessa to his hungry lips. She meets his mouth eagerly, the bristles of his beard eliciting a wave of heat through her body. She moves her hands to his body, running her hands through his chest hair and eagerly exploring his chiselled form.

A gasp. Fingers brush against her labia. Shae's body is pressed to her back, one hand cups her left breast, thumb and finger squeezing the nipple, while the fingers on the other hand begin to explore the warm depths her groin. 

Dessa's hands move of their own volition gently cradling Bren's cock. Her grip pulsating with the same rhythm that Shae's eager fingers are playing on her. 

Still gripping his manhood she follows Bren as he guides them to the shore. He lies upon the grass as she takes the opportunity to fall to her hands and knees and take his cock into her mouth. Sweet pre-cum plays across her tongue driving her to swallow more of his glorious flesh. Another gasp as fingers enter her dripping flower, Shae is behind her, two of her fingers pressed deep into her soft flesh. A tingle as Shae's thumb rests against her arsehole. 

Warm saliva drops from Shae's mouth and her thumb rubs it around Dessa's eager anus. Dessa is forced to lift her head from Bren's cock to gulp for air as Shae pushes her thumb into her hungry star. Waves of joy rocket through Dessa's body, Shae's hand playing her like an instrument.

Bren takes the opportunity to move around. He takes Shae's place behind Dessa. His cock presses between her buttocks. Shae moves to the front and lifts Dessa so she is kneeling. Her fingers find Dessa's clit and labia while her lips alternate from one nipple to the other. 

Dessa hears Bren as he coats a finger in saliva before he presses it into her anus. She smiles, she has taught them well, the kingdom needs guardians not baby-makers, he knows where his seed is most needed.

"Please." She says as she grabs at his thighs pulling him closer.

He doesn't hesitate. She feels the blunt head of his cock pushing against her star. She feels it stretching her as it penetrates her sphincter and her body shifts to swallow him. Every nerve in her body is electric, Shae's fingers on her clit driving her to near the precipice, she fights to hold herself back. Pleasure washes through her as Bren drives his cock in deeper and deeper with each thrust, by the time it is entirely inside of her she has lost all sense of reality, her body melted into the sky and earth. The first long thrusts are enough, within two minutes her body explodes, every muscle in her body clenching and relaxing. Her cries of joy and thanks to the Goddesses bring Bren past his limit his hot cum fills her cavity. His release pushes her past the edge again and she quivers and gasps as the waves of pleasure shake her once again.

They collapse in a heap.

She lies looking into Shae's dark eyes, "When we recover it is your turn next."

Shae smiles, "Only if you promise not to be gentle."

Bren reaches over and slaps her bare butt, "Deal."