 What had begun as a tense day at work gradually began to resolve itself once I got home, took a long hot shower, and popped a ready made meal in the micro. The headlines on the tube bespoke of rising prices and falling international security with only an occasional footnote of positivism. Not wanting to sink into depression, I tuned into a local sports channel where some babes in swimsuits paraded across the screen in mock sensuality. An aching heart and the anticipation of a lonely night ahead made even the most attractive babe impersonal and I flipped the channel to a game show. It offered a bit of mental stimulation but not enough to keep me from slipping into the peaceful bliss only sleep can offer. An overstuffed couch can be a great companion.

The knock on the door was so faint that I tried to ignore it completely, perturbed that my slumbers had been invaded. Persistence was on my visitor’s side however, and after several more attempts that were followed by uneasy silence, I stumbled from the couch and opened the door. A waif in tattered blue jeans trembled at the door beneath a coat made for someone twice her size. Fumbling for words, I gestured for her to enter quickly before the cold decided to follow her lead. Once she lowered the hood on her fur lined tent, everything became much clearer and sleep slipped away. 

The trickle of blood that descended from just above her left temple barely concealed the innocence of her doe eyes and light flaxen hair. The bruise on her jaw and the trembling lower lip changed my feelings of molestation to sympathy in three second flat. Gently I eased the coat from her shoulders as she whimpered painfully and found her thin blouse shredded into wisps of material that offered little modesty to its braless owner. The bloody trails of scratches covered her upper torso were deep enough to be painful yet not enough to require stitches. Her knees wobbled noticeably so I quickly guided her to the nearest chair before thundering off into the kitchen to heat some water. Grabbing the cordless phone, I returned to her side where her face was now cradled in her hands and her plaintive sobs tore at my heart strings. After a moment’s deliberation, I spoke to her softly.

“Hi, I’m Dave. Can I take you to the hospital or a friend’s house or should I just call the police?”

She just shook her head.

I mentally fumbled with several options before breaking the silence again.

“Can you tell me a little bit about yourself?”

“It doesn’t matter,” she mumbled as the tears again began to cascade down her pale cheeks. 

I watched her sobbing a few minutes more then turned to the kitchen and poured her a cup of tea. She took it to herself with a weak smile and set it down beside her chair. I began to feel helpless, but not of my own design as she was about as responsive as a rock. I could well understand the cascade of her emotions, but wouldn’t allow myself to be taken in with them. Rather I decided it was best to leave well enough alone. After grabbing the first aid kit and some extra blankets I returned to her side and tenderly began to dress her visible wounds. Knowing the emotional scars would probably never heal with my words, I cared for her silently as the canned laughter from a sitcom erupted occasionally in the background.

Once her sobbing eased, I made a makeshift bed on the couch, and with a sigh, turned to the comfort of bedroom. Now, both physically and emotionally exhausted, I shucked my clothes and tried to forget my unexpected visitor as I eased beneath the blankets. Pooh kitty jumped up and after a few licks to restore her beauty, curled up next to me purring. I curled around her warmth and drifted off almost immediately.

I was awakened when Pooh leapt from the bed and I felt my visitor slip under the covers behind me, spooning to my nakedness as her young arms wrapped around me securely. Knowing that her trauma was far greater than I knew how to comfort, I tried to remain assuring despite being totally undressed for her nocturnal visit. After an all too brief interlude, her hands began to softly explore the contours of my body until the found their apparent objective between my legs. Despite myself, I found myself responding to her gently caress. Easing her hands away, I searched for words that wouldn’t come in my aroused state. Her hands quickly returned to my groin, one applied gentle pressure to my perineum while the other gently explored the uniqueness of my engorged member. With gentleness I had never known before, she coaxed the blood into my hardness while stimulating my prostrate into overdrive. She finally spoke with the gentle urgency her tiny fingers affirmed.

“Why is your species so careless with your life giving essence?”

“Huh?”

“You splatter it on blankets, towels, walls, faces, and most everything except the receptacle for which it was designed.” Her hands began to increase their rhythmic pressures and I was too rapidly approaching ecstasy to respond to her queries. Still she continued; “Do you not know that this portion of the galaxy is on the verge of extinction due to the seed your species so carelessly discards?”

“Uh . . . no.”

“Selfish barbarians she hissed,” as she pulled me onto my back and mounted me astride my torso. She rubbed her glistening nether lips against my pubic bone several times with wild abandon, chafing the area almost intolerably before rising up to embed the head of my engorged organ within the tiny opening that was now slick with her anticipation. With almost agonizing leisure she descended along the length of my fullness, obviously savoring my penetration as my Aunt might savor a piece of fine chocolate. As her childlike pussy reached the extent of my assets, my glans pressed against her soft quivering womb in a kiss of pure erotic ecstasy.

The silky folds that surrounded me began to spasm rhythmically, tugging at the folds of my foreskin and pulling me even deeper into the delicate cavern of her femininity. My head spun and my loins churned in anticipation as her fingernails dug into my chest. She pressed her tiny sensual nub firmly into my pubis and moaned with a deep groan that echoed with ages of abstinence. A small jet of her orgasmic essence sprayed forcefully against my abdomen leaving me breathless and hungry at the same time. As her vagina rippled spasmodically, the pressure on my organ increased exponentially, and I could feel her womb fully engulf my glans with in a disquieting vacuum. Another moan escaped her lips as her face pointed skyward and a second orgasm rippled through her body. The tiny nipples on her upturned breast stood out magnificently in response to the sensual torment she was enduring.

She began to lift herself ever so slowly, and it felt as if the outer skin of my organ would rip off before she plunged down to the hilt again as her body spasmed violently. Sweat beads were forming on her forehead as a much larger stream of her orgasmic essence bathed my genitals and flowed onto the wrinkled bed sheet. I was beginning to feel excluded from her orgasmic free for all when I felt those sweet velvety muscles tug urgently against my organ, and combined with the gentle suction of her womb, I felt the familiar tingling throughout my groin heralding my own release.

Sensing the inevitable, her left hand shot between my legs and applied direct pressure on my prostrate while her right hands gently massaged my gonads. It was too much stimulation, and I released violently within her. Her womb began working overtime, sucking my essence deep within her as I gasped for breath; my hips bucking uncontrollably. She smiled for an instant, the sweetest smile I’d ever seen. Her head rolled back and with a firm thrust to my pubis, she climaxed again, milking me frantically, as I continued to pump everything I had plus some I borrowed into the sweetest velvet ever known. 

My breath was gone, my head spinning, and my stomach muscles began to cramp but she continued to milk my sputtering manhood. I tried to protest but her hand slapped across my mouth as she began to ride me frantically, her face contorted in orgasmic agony as her body shook with wave after wave of fulfillment. It became uncomfortable at first, then downright painful, as my abused groin began to bruise beneath her. Her legs locked around mine firmly and her fingers dug into my chest drawing blood as she continued to ride me with the fury of a tornado. Amassing the last ounce of strength I had, I shoved her from me, curling into a ball and holding my chaffed and aching genitals.

She bolted from the room, and I finally began to relax. Exhausted, battered and abused, I silently vowed never to allow another whimpering waif past my door jamb. I felt raped and cheated, and when I heard the front door close, abandoned. Now I understood the reason for her plight and was glad she had finished with me. It came as quite a shock when she suddenly reappeared at my bedroom door.

“I thought you left,” I gasped as fear invaded the knots in my stomach.

“Are you alright?”

“Does it matter? I’m just a wasteful barbarian!”

“You could be far more than that.”

“Huh?”

“Come with me, and let me show you the wonders of the universe and the reason I came to your world.”

“Or the reasons you came on it?”

“You would make a most fitting companion; come!”

“You promise to keep a reign on your passion attacks?”

“If you give me reason.”

I slowly sat up and caressed my drained gonads. Aching all over with a throbbing headache, I hardly felt in a position to make any sort of important decisions, but my manhood had already begun to stir and I knew I would some day regret remaining behind. Reasoning that my destiny had come knocking, I smiled at the tattered waif that had, beyond all doubt, given me the most fulfilling sexual experience of my natural life.

“Sure!”

She gestured to me with a smile and I clasped her hand warmly as I stood beside her. A translucent bubble formed around us, and we were transported into the starry night.