 Hey all. Sorry this chapter took so long to get out. (I feel like I've said that phrase before.) But truthfully I am sorry for all the delays. Thank you all so much for your patience, and an extra big thank you too all the people who emailed me with offers of proofreading. 

Speaking of proofreaders I would like to thank John Blackhawk for this work on this chapter. Anyone who volunteers to deal with my terrible grammar and spelling is a brave soul indeed. =D

Anyway, enjoy chapter six! 

— — — 

I must have done something seriously fucking bad in a past life to deserve the situation I'm dealing with right now. Or perhaps not even in a past life, maybe the universe took one look at how perfect Rose is and said: 'well screw that guy'. Punching the wall angrily I hurry to my sisters room, not completely sure what help she's going to be, but I honestly don't know who else I can turn to. 

It's one thing to hide a lower Vil without an ident chip. Well in fact it's a massive, unprecedented, terrifying thing to hide Rose, but it's conceivably doable. Hiding a baby? No, wait, multiple babies from the government? That's next to impossible. And that's not even taking into account that I'm no where near ready to be a father, and Rose, who I force myself to remember I've known less than four days is not ready to be a Mother. For stars sake, she can't even dress herself without help. 

I don't so much knock as hammer on my sister's door. There's a yelp of alarm and a few moments later i'm met with a thoroughly pissed off looking Jezebel standing wrapped in her bedclothes. It's a little early for her to have been asleep isn't it? 

"What." She says in a tone that could strip paint. 

"I need to talk to you." 

"I'm kind of in the middle of something." She says, moving to shut the door. 

"Rose hasn't got an ident chip." I say desperately, placing my hand on the handle before she can close me out.

"Tell me something I don't know." She glowers.

"We slept together."

She gives me a look somewhere between pity and disgust, crossing her arms across her chest.

"Jezebel what does an ident chip do for a women that it doesn't do for a man?" I ask, looking around in case one of my parents or their slaves are on the prowl.

My sister's eyes grow wide as she suddenly catches on. "Did you..." 

I nod.

"Shit." She says in an awed voice.

"Yeah, I need your help." I say softly. 

Despite outward appearances, I'm far closer to my sister than I am my parents. She used to baby-sit for me when they were both working. I don't agree with her stance on the lower Vil of course, but I don't think she mistreats Zack either. In fact I think she relies on him far more than she will ever admit. 

"You better come in," She steps away from the door and I follow her into the explosion of pinkness that is her bedroom. "Sorry Zacky, we have a visitor." 

It takes me a moment to locate her lower Vil, but when I do I instantly regret it. He's tied spread eagle to her bed, completely naked and sporting one hell of an erection. I'm not gay, but dear stars. How can my sister even walk after that? Suddenly her being wrapped in the sheets from her bed makes sense. 

"Jez are you naked under that?" I ask; alarmed.

"Well, we were in the middle of something." She blushes. "Untie Zacky while I find something to wear." It isn't a request.

"What!" I say, the panic causing my voice to squeak. But she's already disappeared into her dressing room and closed the door. 

"Good evening Master Dan." Zack says politely from the bed, apparently as comfortable with being naked as Rose is. 

"Hey." I mumble, struggling with the knots at his ankles and trying desperately to keep my eyes focused on the task at hand. 

"I apologize if I'm making you uncomfortable Master." 

"You're not," I mumble as I finally manage to free his legs. I think I've bypassed normal levels of craziness and ventured into, as yet, uncharted realms of insanity. In this strange new realm untying my sisters naked slave while I'm contemplating impregnating Rose is all perfectly normal. I wonder when they inevitably lock me up in a nice padded cell if Rose will be able to visit? She could bring grapes and a get well soon card. 

I manage to free Zack completely around the same time his mistress, now dressed in bright yellow PJ's, emerges from her dressing room. At once he hops off the bed, kneeling in front of my sister with his head bowed. 

"Good boy Zacky." She coos, patting his hair like a dog. "Go find something to wear, I'll help you with this later." She gently rubs his hardness with the side of her bare foot. 

"Yes Mistress, Thank you Mistress." And like that he's gone. 

"So?" I say, a little impatiently.

"So... what?" 

"Rose, the baby! What are we going to do?" 

"Well, the normal procedure is to wait about nine months. At which point your little fuck buddy will push out of her most sensitive hole something not at all dissimilar to a watermelon and we'll all go to prison." She says with a humorless laugh. 

"That's not helpful." I reply angrily. 

"Well what the fuck do you expect me to do Dan?" She says in exasperation, sitting down heavily on the bed. 

"Think, just think." I beg.

The problem isn't just that Rose could be expecting and calling a doctor would reveal her existence and shortly thereafter her lack of ident chip. It's that breeding Lower Vil without a permit is illegal, very illegal, in a category of crimes that threaten the peace treaty between us and the Vil. That's possibly why Rose and her sisters were not chipped, because they were bread accidentally and they pushed the company over its permitted number of new slaves. 

The most obvious solution is to terminate the pregnancy, but that idea itself is riddled with problems. Firstly I don't know if humans and Lower Vil are similar enough for the procedure to work, nor do I know where I might find a doctor willing to do it. Or how I might convince said doctor to stay quiet. And most importantly I don't know how to get Rose to give her informed consent, she's not used to making decisions, and one this big? She's going to be looking to me to make the choice for her, and I can't do that. I would rather go to jail for the rest of my life than force Rose to lose her child purely because she thinks it will make me happy.

"I might have something, but it would mean letting someone else in on the secret." Jez says, frowning up at me. 

"Can we trust them?" I ask. 

"No. But I think I have enough leverage." She sighs, "You're a serious fuck up little brother you know that?" 

"I'm fully aware." I reply, sitting down beside her on the mattress. Had the situation been less catastrophic I might have made a joke about her needing to tie a guy up to get some action. As it is I groan and continue. "We'll have to risk it, who is this guy?" 

"He's a sort of doctor." She says, not meeting my eye. 

"Like an oncologist?"

"More like a vet." She pauses, "In fact he's exactly like a vet, but on the upside the patient isn't human now is she?" 

"She's not a dog..." I grumble, before remembering something. "Wait, didn't you used to go out with a vet?" 

"Yeah." 

She grimaces, "He's actually been trying to get me back for quite awhile." 

"Well that's going to be awkward." I comment. 

"No shit. You owe me for this." She snaps, grabbing her folded tablet from her bedside table and finding a contact on the scrolling display. 

I tune out their conversation as I wait for a solid bit of good news I can hold onto; some tiny sliver of hope that my life might not be totally ruined. Not to mention Rose's life, and my parents and all the Lower Vil who has had the great misfortune to find them selves attached to my family. 

"Right, eight tomorrow? That's perfect darling, my parents will be out by then. Thanks, so much, okay bye-bye now." Jezebel makes some kissing noises into the tablet come phone before hanging up. 

"Thanks." I say quietly. 

"Don't thank me yet. Now will you kindly fuck off, I was in the middle of something." 

I give my sister a one armed hug before fleeing the room. I'm almost tempted to find Emily and ask if she knows anything else about Lower Vil and children, but I stop myself. I like my father's slave a great deal, but at the end of the day she is exactly that. My father's slave, she will repeat anything I say to her Master without even thinking about it. She's a pet first and my friend second. 

Rose is dozing peacefully on the sofa when I get back to my room. Her hands positioned almost reverently on her stomach. Looking at how her deep red hair flows around her shoulders I can't help but feel a disappearing sort of hatred for the world we live in. Rose is the victim, yet it's likely she will be the one punished. She never chose not to have an ident chip, but it's on her head the hammer will fall hardest. It's the same with the possibility of this pregnancy. Regardless of if she consented or not I should have been the one to make sure she was safe, even though I could never have imagined she wouldn't be. 

"Come on sweetie, time for bed." I say softly, kneeling down to smile at her sleepy green eyes.

She nods slowly, letting out a yawn before instinctively clapping her hands to her mouth. Shaking my head I help her off the sofa and lead her to the bathroom. Leaving her to deal with whatever she needs to deal with I head over to the shopping bags, remembering what Zack said about her finding it hard to dress herself. I'll have to talk to her about that, but not tonight. 

I find a pair of sleep shorts and a shirt for her to wear, happy to see the bright smile on her face as she emerges from the bathroom and realizes she doesn't have to make any challenging choices tonight. I've noticed that she's getting better at showing her emotions. Don't get me wrong she still hides the vast majority of what she's feeling. But sometimes, like just now, I get a glimpse of her true self and it's wonderful. 

"Thank you Master." She says softly, pulling the dress over her head in one motion. 

I know I shouldn't, but I can't look away from her beautiful form as she slips into her night clothes. 

"Do you mind if I sleep with you tonight?" I ask, patting the bed beside me.

"No Master!" She chirps, before the tiniest of frowns crosses her face. "May we cuddle Master?" 

"I think that can be arranged." I grin, pulling off my shirt and climbing into my own bed for the first time in three nights. Stars I missed it. 

Rose practically dives in after me, and I can't help but laugh as she wiggles herself into a comfortable position in my arms. I whisper for her to turn out the lights and her hand dutifully reaches for the controls. Thank the old gods that she doesn't need an ident chip for that bit of tech. 

As her breathing slows and becomes steady I can't help but notice she never asked me about the baby. Ah well, we'll have lots of time to talk in the morning. 

Now, if only sleep would come as easily for me. 

— — — 

Rose 

I'm getting used to waking up alone. I get the covers all to myself at least, even if it's a little lonely. But still, I could have sworn Master went to bed with my last night. Unsettled I reach out for the bedside controls, a little more familiar with them now than on my first morning. 

Blinking away the sudden light I sit up, it's still early, Master should really still be in bed at this time of the morning. Did I do something last night to upset him? Did I purr in my sleep? Did I mistake him for one of my sisters and-

"Good morning." 

I jump, peering across the room at my owner who is sitting on his sofa, his tablet open in his lap. His hair is messy and his eyes bloodshot, with heavy bags marring his otherwise handsome face. "Good morning Master." I say uncertainly. 

"Did I wake you?" he asks.

I shake my head. "No Master." 

He rubs his eyes, stretching his back as he gets to his feet. "Someone is coming to see you in a bit, a doctor, of a sort. Is that okay?" 

"Yes Master." He doesn't need my permission, but he seems to want it anyway. Besides I don't mind doctors, the one at the compound was always very kind to me and my sisters. I wonder if she misses us, she did see us almost every day for our entire lives after all.

The room is cold this early in the morning and I wrap the covers tighter around my body as Master begins to pace up and down. Secretly I wish he would climb back into bed and hold me close, he's definitely not himself this morning and I don't know how to make him happy again. Especially because I know I'm the reason for his worry. 

So I do what I'm trained to do in any situation that I can't resolve myself. I wait for my Master to tell me what to do, following his methodical progress up and down the room anxiously. 

After what feels like a long time he rounds on me. "Why aren't you freaking out?" 

"Master?" I reply nervously. 

I'm not sure what a 'freak out' is, but it sounds very disobedient." 

"You might be pregnant and you haven't said a single word about it since we woke up, or last night. Do you even care?" 

Squirming I look away. "How I feel about it is irrelevant Master, I will do as you decide." 

He snarls suddenly, "Fine, fucking fine. I will let you carry the babies to birth, and then I will sell them one by one to different cruel masters as far as way as I can. They will never know you, or their brothers or sisters."

"Yes Master." I say softly, not meeting his gaze. Why would he do that? I don't understand, he's always been so kind to me. Almost instinctively my hand moves to my stomach. I can't comprehend my feelings towards being pregnant. I had been relying on my Master to tell me what to feel and how to behave. But I don't like what he's saying now, it's scary and it's making me feel something strong, something terrifying. Defiance. 

"And you would be happy with that?" he asks incredulously. 

"If it pleases you Master." 

"Bullshit Rose, I refuse to believe you are that callous." 

I look up meeting his intense gaze, every instinct I have telling me to look away. "What do you want me to do?" I whisper, furious with myself for the wetness I can feel on my cheeks. 

"I want you to tell me how you really feel, show me there's something more to you than a slave. That you're worth fighting for." He doesn't sound angry any more, he sounds desperate. 

I watch him for a long time before finding the courage to speak, "No." 

"Excuse me?" 

"No!" I almost shout, "You won't send the baby away! I'll, I'll... I don't know! But don't!" I sit back panting my heart pounding in my chest. If Master wanted me to 'freak out' I think I'm doing that now, I can't breathe, or see or even think. He's going to kill me. I'm going to be like that girl in the video, no, no, no. 

Strong arms wrap around me and I struggle and whimper, but the pain never comes. 

"Rose! Rose calm down!" 

"I'm sorry, I'm so sorry." He says, holding my trembling body tight against his chest. I don't reply I can't. I don't understand what is happening. I was a defiant, I told my owner no, I shouted at him. How can any of the awful things I just did earn me such a fierce embrace?

"I don't understand." I splutter, fighting back the sobs that threaten to overwhelm me. "I'm being disobedient!"

"Shhh Rose, Shhh. Wanting to protect your child isn't disobedient." He sighs sadly, wiping the tears from my eyes with his thumbs. "Sweetie we're in a whole world of trouble right now, and none of it is your fault. But I need you on my side here Rose, I need to know you are something more than a mindless drone." 

He kisses my cheek softly, "Freedom scares you doesn't it?" 

I nod. Not quite sure what to say.

"Why?" 

My tears start to abate as I slip back into a more familiar situation; my owner holding me while asking questions I would never expect a Master to ask. I'm still a little shaken and disturbed, but I'm able to push my feelings down as I've been trained to do. The fact I can hear Master's heart thumping in his chest also helps me to relax. 

"Our minds cannot handle being free Master, we fall apart without someone to controlling us. Please Master, I just want to spend my life making you happy, that's enough for me." 

"What about your happiness?" He asks. 

"I don't know Master." I reply honestly. "Making you happy is the only happiness I require." 

He makes an 'hmmm' sound, "I don't think that's entirely true. You were very happy amongst the flowers and I wasn't even there. Hell, I was doing math homework, that's almost the textbook definition of unhappiness." 

I push my face into his chest. "I don't know Master." My voice is a barely a whisper. It's all too much, Master is right. I do enjoy allowing my curiosity run free. But I also know it is wildly disobedient. I've known for as long as I can remember that if want to live I have to be a good girl. At the compound everything was so simple. If you were obedient there was no pain and the warm embrace of your sisters. Disobedience was always met with swift and brutal retribution. 

In the real world everything is so different and confusing. The lines between good and bad are so blurred, especially with my owner pushing me to give into my curiosity. Fundamentally the rules are the same right? If I want to live I need to behave as I am trained. I need to chose, a life of obedience or a downward spiral of momentary pleasures?

How am I ever going to make a choice like that when I can't even decide which pair of panties will please my owner? 

The first duty of any Lower Vil when faced with a potentially life threatening situation is to ensure the safety of their Master, after that they should protect themselves as best they can. A Master or Mistress may be inconvenienced by the death of a slave. 

Following those guidelines my choice is simple. "I want to live Master." I announce. 

"And you don't think you could if you were free?" 

I shake my head. "No Master." 

"Okay then, a compromise. I'll give you every opportunity I can for independence, but..." He silences my non-existent protest with a raised hand. "I will stay close by, and if you feel like you need it I will be the most controlling Master since my sister worked out all her friends had a crush on Zack." 

I don't know what to say to that, my head has started to ache with the complexity of this conversation. One thing seems clear though, regardless of how happy - or at least content - I might be living by my training, Master clearly has no intentions of letting me. I feel trapped and it's not like I can tell Master to shut up. Or can I? What if I do it in a way I think he will enjoy?

"Dan?" I whisper. 

"Y- Yes?" he stutters, his blue eyes wide. 

"My head hurts." 

He frowns, "Would you like some water?" 

I shake my head. 

"Okay," he smiles. "I'm very proud of you for using my name." 

I can't keep the elation off of my face as Master lays me gently down against the pillows, his lips finding mine. Even with my head pounding and my future so uncertain I can't help but relish Master's attentions. Unfortunately as always the kissing has to end and Master positions himself behind me, pulling my back against his chest. 

"We have to get up in half an hour, no point going to sleep." he whispers, moving my hair away from my shoulders. "So... Maze game?" 

"Yes Master!" I say with a delighted squeak. For all that Master confuses me, he truly is wonderful. 

— — — 

Dan 

I loathe disturbing Rose who's purring away happily in my arms. But in twenty minutes a vet's going to arrive and explain to me exactly how fucked I am. With a groan I kiss her between the shoulder blades and climb out of bed. 

As I did last night I let her go to the bathroom while I pick out some clothes for her to wear. 
