 Hello all. First off, I'm sorry for making you wait so long. I don't want to make excuses, so I won't. The emails and feedback I have received asking for a continuation of this story were deeply appreciated, and I can only apologise yet again for my not updating sooner. That being said, the rest of the story is written. Chapters 13 and 14 are complete, and just need going over a few more times before they can be posted. 

I want to say a big thank you to thewinedarksea for all their help with editing and feedback with this chapter. 

Enjoy! 

***** 

Dan 

"Keep your back straight!" Rose's instructor shouts, causing me to wince and my slave to flinch, before she adopts an even more uncomfortable-looking kneeling position. 

Feeling helpless, I reign in my protests. The last time I said something, alI I did was distract Rose and earn her an earful from the overbearing instructor. Stars, I can only imagine the reaction you would get if you tried to teach humans in the same way Lower Vil are educated—a lawsuit more than likely. 

Given my status as disturbance-in-chief, I've been relegated to the back of the room to watch Rose's training. It's hard seeing her treated this way, but Mr. X is right: her best chance at success will rely on her staying off of the warden's radar. 

"Head down! Present!" He shouts, and at once Rose falls forward, placing her head against the ground and arching her back so that, were she not wearing sweatpants, her privates would be completely exposed. I can see why they call it present. 

I look away, though I doubt she would be embarrassed. At least now that she has her new lungs and she's taking the pill the doctors here whipped up, all her medical problems seem to have abated. Which is just as well, because where Rose is heading she's going to have to keep her wits about her. 

"No! No! No!" The instructor yells, "This isn't working!" He looks over at me. "She needs to be punished." 

"No," I say at once, which unfortunately draws Rose's attention. 

"Keep your eyes on the floor, girl!" 

"I'm sorry sir," Rose whispers as I stand up. 

In truth, being moral support is only half the reason I'm here. The use of physical punishment has been a sticking point between me and Rose's ex-warden instructor for the last day and half. He believes it necessary; I believe he just wants an excuse to touch Rose's arse. 

"What will spanking her achieve exactly?" I ask. "She's doing fine." 

"She's doing fine for a toddler with attention deficit disorder," he replies, looking down at his pupil with something close to despair. 

"I think he's right, Master," Rose says softly from the floor. 

"You see!" The instructor yells, going red in the face. 

"Shh Rose," I say quickly. The problem is that I do see his point. Stars' sake, I've spent the last month teaching Rose to think for herself and not to be afraid to speak her mind. Now she's expected to unlearn all of that in a matter of days. 

But I'm not about to let this asshole hurt Rose. I look down at my slave with a frown. I wish I could call her my girlfriend, but trying to explain the idea of an equal relationship would not go well, and I'm not willing to push the issue as she's under quite enough stress and worry as it is. 

"Look," the instructor says in exasperation, "I know you're all new-age and shit, but the compounds aren't. I've trained hundreds of Lower Vil over the years and I can tell you I am being ten times more lenient on her than any other warden would." 

I meet his gaze with an effort. I don't know where Mr. X found this guy but he's an intimidating figure and I have no doubt that he wouldn't just hurt Rose, he would enjoy it. I need go get her out of here. 

"Fine," I say, mustering as much confidence as I can. "I'll do it." 

"You can't!" The instructor protests. "You don't know what you're doing." 

"Apply hand to arse, repeat 'til red," I reply dryly. "It can't be that complicated." 

With Rose still posed like something out of a cheap porno the instructor grabs my arm, pulling me close to his red face. "You're too close to her, and you're too much of a pussy to teach her what she needs to be taught." 

"Mark my words boy, she will be slaughtered at any half decent compound," he growls, before pushing me roughly away. "But what do I care, she's your cunt not mine. I'm going to lunch." And with that he turns on his heel and leaves the room. 

I watch him leave with a guilty feeling in my stomach, what if he's right? Shaking my head I look down at Rose, who is keeping her eyes dutifully fixed to the floor. Maybe I could try talking to her again? Make her understand how important faking obedience is to her mission. 

"Stand up Rose," I say. Forcing myself not to help her as she jumps quickly to her feet. 

"I'm sorry Master," she says softly, keeping her eyes on the floor. I want to lift her chin and bring her beautiful green eyes to mine, but I fight the temptation. 

Rose isn't ready for this. I doubt even if we had a year of training she would be; subterfuge just isn't in her nature. 

"Come on," I say. "We'll go back to our room." 

Rose nods and follows three steps behind me as I walk out of the gym. The department of inter-species relations is vast, with a prison, hospital, offices, and even its own landing port for freight ships. Rose and I have been given a room in the enforcer training facility—though I'm yet to actually see any recruits—so we have an entire floor to ourselves. 

I place my right hand on the door handle of our room; it turns a bright green as my ident chip is read. I hold the door open for Rose every instinct I have telling me to comfort her. Yet I force myself to take a deep breath, following her into the room with my face set. I don't doubt i'm being monitored while i'm here. I just have to hope the surveillance does not extend to our room. 

"Kneel by the bed sweetie," I say, making sure the door is locked. Though, given what I've seen of Mr. X's department so far a locked door isn't much of an impedance. 

Rose kneels keeping her back perfectly straight, which has the effect of pushing out her modest breasts. I shake my head, forcing myself to focus as I sit down on the bed. 

"Rose," I say, before pausing as I try and think what to say. "That dickhead back there, he's right. You need to do better, you need to be perfect." 

She nods, her eyes fixed on the ground. "I'm sorry Master," she whispers, regret seeping into her shaking voice. 

I fight back the sudden feeling of guilt as my slave girl whimpers before me. Making her uncomfortable is better than physically punishing her, and it's for her own good. At least, that's what I tell myself. 

"I need you to do this," I halt again as my voice catches. "I need you to do this because I'm scared, Rose," I say, resting my hand on her arm. "Unless you can behave as they expect you to behave at the compound, they will hurt you. You'll give them a reason to watch you and that's going to make alerting the inspection team so much harder." 

"Yes, Master," she replies softly, nuzzling my hand. "I'm scared too, Master." 

I shake my head. Why in stars' name am I letting her do this? I pat the bed beside me. "I know sweetie. I would be worried if you were not afraid." 

She quickly jumps up and settles down beside me, her hands folded in her lap. "Are you going to punish me now Master?" she asks, her green eyes flickering up to mine. 

"What?" I stare at her. "No, sweetie. I told you, I'm not going to hurt you." 

"But—" she catches herself. "Yes, Master." 

"But Rose?" I ask, unable to keep the smile from my face. Despite all that's happening, it's still a thrill to see how far my slave girl has come since she was a trembling bag of skin and bones sat in front of my father's desk. 

"You told the instructor you were going to punish me Master?" Rose says, biting her bottom lip. 

"Yes, I lied." 

"You lied to a warden?" she replies, her eyes growing wide, before she regains her normal placid composure. 

"He's not really a warden," I shrug. "But yeah, I wasn't about to let him hurt you and I knew he wouldn't drop it unless I offered to." 

I laugh at the amazed look on my slave's face, as I reach out to tuck a few strands of errant red hair back behind her ear. 

"You know you're going to have to lie to the wardens as well right?" I ask, watching her closely. 

Her face pales. "What?" 

I frown. "What did you expect Rose? If you tell the wardens at the compound why you're really there they will... well, I don't know what they will do, but it won't be good." 

"But I can't Master!" she replies, her voice shrill. 

"Rose," I say, pulling her against my chest. "You can do anything you set your mind to. I've known you too long not to be sure of that." 

I can feel her trembling in my arms, but soon enough she takes a deep breath and I feel her relax. "Yes, Master," she says softly, rubbing her cheek against my shirt. 

We sit quietly while I let the reality of Rose's situation dawn on her. I don't know if it's a kindness, frankly in her place I think I would like to be told I was going to the compound about five minutes before I arrived, so I didn't have time to worry. 

"Master?" Rose says quietly, looking up at me. 

"Yes?" I answer with a smile, bending down to kiss the tip of her nose. 

"I wouldn't mind if..." She blushes. "I wouldn't mind if you punished me Master." 

I feel an uncomfortable stirring in my jeans before my mind has quite registered what she just said. Clearly my cock is quicker on the uptake than I am. 

"You want to be punished?" I ask, pulling away from the hug to look at her. For as long as I've known her, I've known she's expected me to spank her, but this is the first time she's mentioned wanting it. 

She seems to consider for a moment, before shaking her head. "No Master, I want you to punish me." 

"There's a difference?" I ask. 

She nods. "Yes, Master, it means you care about me, and afterwards, no matter what I've done, I will be a good girl again." 

I frown. It's an interesting way of looking at things. Well, interesting in a suitably slave-like way, almost like the washing away of sins in an ancient religion. Still, it doesn't sit well with me. We should not be cleansed of our mistakes. We should learn from them, and move on. 

"You are a good girl," I say. Trying very hard not to think about how uncomfortably tight my jeans have become, as some rebellious part of my mind imagines Rose across my lap with her panties around her ankles. 

She shakes her head. "Please Master, you did say if I wanted something I should ask for it?" She suddenly seems to realise the boldness of her words and cowers away from me. 

I'm glad it's a lesson that's finally hitting home with her. But it seems downright unfair that she's using what I've taught her against me. This is what it must feel like for a parent the first time they lose an argument to their child. 

"Fine," I say, trying to hide the sudden swell of excitement that bubbles up in my chest. "But I expect perfection in training this afternoon." 

"Yes, Master!" Rose says, jumping to her feet, not bothering to hide her obvious excitement. 

"So, errm," I say, my throat suddenly dry, "how is this normally done?" 

"It depends on the warden, Master," my slave replies. "I think it's whatever position is most comfortable for you." 

"Over my lap then," I say, patting my legs. Returning Rose's tiny smile as she lowers herself over my knees with a well-practiced motion. 

Trying to think pure thoughts, I tuck my fingers into the waistband of her trousers and pull them down, revealing a pair of delicate purple lace panties, so sheen they are nearly transparent. Oh stars, I bite my lip not quite able to take my eyes off the perfect shape of her heart shaped bottom. 

Focus, just focus, I tell myself, as I gently rub my hand over the fabric of her panties. "Are you ready?" I ask. 

"Yes, master," Rose replies, shivering slightly. 

In one quick motion I stop my rhythmic stroking and spank her right bum cheek, surprised at the slight sting in my own hand as the sound of flesh striking flesh reverberates around the room. Rose makes a sound like a startled cat, but otherwise seems unaffected. 

Relieved she's not screaming in pain and intrigued by the rosy colour of her pale bum, I spank her again. As before Rose makes a small sound of surprise, but seems otherwise fine. 

I pause and start to gently rub her arse again, trying to ignore the tightness in my jeans. Stars, Claire would kill me if she knew that I was doing this. In an effort to take my mind off things, I start to rhythmically spank my slave girl again. I count to ten smacks in my head, before stopping to inspect Rose's now bright pink bottom. 

"You okay sweetie?" I ask, instinctively starting to rub her pert bum again. 

She nods. "Yes, Master." There's a pause. "I think I'm ready for more, Master," she says quietly. 

"More?" I ask. She hardly seems in floods of tears, but at the same time there's no denying the heat radiating from her rosy cheeks. 

"Yes please, Master," she whimpers softly, wiggling her bottom. 

I bite my lip, sweet stars. Hooking my fingers into the waistband of her panties I tug them down, leaving them dangling around her knees. I make an active effort not to peek at the tiny slice of her pussy visible between her legs. 

"Six more okay?" I say, trying to sound stern. I mean she's over my lap, I should be in control, right? 

"Yes, Master," she replies softly. 

I spank her slightly harder this time focusing on the areas previously protected by her panties. She yelps with each blow, but I can't tell if they are sounds of pleasure, or pain. 

With the sixth spank I stop, staring at my bright red handiwork. I run my fingertips over her flesh, surprised by the intensity of the heat. Almost without thinking about it I dip my fingers between her legs and jump as they come away wet. 

Rose whimpers as I nudge her legs apart and probe her hot wetness. "Stars Rose," I say in awe. "You're soaked." 

"I'm sorry Master," she gasps, as I gently trace the edges of her sex with my finger. 

"I can see why you wanted to be spanked now," I say in amazement, wiping my wet fingers on her arse, before running my hand over her punished flesh. 

She whimpers softly, though I can't really tell if it's because she's in pain or because she's horny. 

"Do you react like this every time someone punishes you, Rose?" I ask, dreading her answer. I push my fingers inside her slick entrance to demonstrate what I'm talking about. When I first met her she seemed terrified of punishment, but what if that was all an act, and this is some kind of kink for her? 

"No Master, only you," she replies gently. "I can feel you poking me Master," she says, turning around to look at me with sparkling green eyes. 

I feel my cheeks warm, and I give her a lopsided grin. "Sorry," I say, with the strange feeling of being caught with my hand in the cookie jar. "I'm afraid you have that effect on me." 

Rose nods slowly. "I'm happy that I do, Master," she replies, returning her face to the bed, and pushing her swollen sex against my fingers. 

"Oi," I chuckle, "you're supposed to be learning to behave." 

She whimpers softly, "Sorry Master." 

I smile. "Just promise me you will do your best okay?" 

"Yes, Master!" she replies quickly, before her tone softens. "I don't want a warden at the compound to spank me." I feel her shudder. 

"Me neither, sweetie," I say softly, as I gently stroke the back of her thigh. Glancing up at the clock, I see that we have plenty of time before Rose will be expected back in the training room. "Let's go over what we've learned shall we?" I say, trying to sound authoritative, but not quite able to keep the grin off my face. 

"Yes, Master!" she chirps, climbing off my lap and stepping out of her panties as they fall around her ankles. 

I smirk, standing up and adjusting my jeans, which does nothing to alleviate how tight they feel. "Kneel," I say, pointing to the bed. 

With a grace that causes my breath to catch Rose steps up onto the bed. Twirling and falling onto her knees in one fluid motion. I watch her closely as her eyes fall down onto the floor in front of her. Her back perfectly straight, and her hands clasped neatly behind her. 

"Good girl," I whisper, kissing her cheek. She shivers slightly, but otherwise remains motionless. I just have to hope none of the wardens try and kiss her. The thought causes bile to rise in my throat, and I dismiss it as I gently pull at the hem of Rose's shirt. 

She raises her hands above her head as I help her undress, revealing her glistening pussy, puffy from excitement, before giving way to the soft, flat, flesh of her stomach. The perfect maze-like markings that decorate her back wrap around her hips like the handprints of a lover. 

"Take off your bra," I tell her, as I toss her shirt aside. Not able to keep myself from ogling the lacy purple fabric covering her chest. 

Without taking her eyes from the floor she quickly reaches behind her and unhooks her bra, shrugging it off, before returning to her kneeling position. 

"Back straight sweetie," I say, placing my hand on the small of her back. Her eyes flicker to mine guiltily, as she adjusts her posture. "Such a good girl," I tell her, enjoying the visceral effect my words have. 

"See how long you can stay still, okay?" I whisper, kissing her cheek. 

"Yes, Master," she breathes, tensing. 

I shake my head. Taking a step back, I run my eyes over her beautiful body, before slowly brushing my palm over her hard nipple. She gasps, but to her credit, remains perfectly still. 

"Good," I whisper. "If you're struggling later, just remember this," I say, gently cupping her breast. Relishing the weight of a perfect handful of perky flesh as I rub my thumb across her nipple. 

"I'm not sure that will help, Master," Rose stutters, learning forward against my hand. 

"Mmm," I mumble, "well then, you will just have to remember I love you." 

"I love you too, Master," she says with a gasp, as I lift her chin with my free hand and crush my lips hungrily against hers. Our lovemaking before now has been rushed and intense. Brief moments chanced between the sheets, like two teenagers fearful of being caught. But this is different, this I want to enjoy, and so does Rose judging by the way she returns my kiss. 

I run my fingers down her back pushing her hands apart with a gentle nudge. Taking the hint, she wraps her arms around me, her fingers digging into the fabric of my shirt as I gently grab her arse, still warm from the spanking. 

To my surprise Rose starts to tug at my shirt. I take a step back to allow her to pull the fabric over my head, amused at the tiny giggle that escapes her as she runs her fingers over my chest. I've never really given much attention to my appearance, always thinking of myself as average at best. But Rose makes me feel like a hunk. 

"So," I say, tucking a strand of red hair behind her ear, "what would you like to do now?" 

"Whatever you wish Master!" she beams excitedly, bouncing from knee to knee as her fingertips explore my torso. 

"Well, we could take a quick nap before your next lesson," I smirk. Gently stroking my fingers over her sex. 

She gasps, biting her bottom lip, as she looks up at me with the cutest frown I've ever seen. "Yes, Master..." She says obediently, but her voice lacks any enthusiasm. 

I laugh, kissing her neck as I run my hand down her stomach stopping with my fingertips inches from her core. "If you want something, sweetie, ask for it." 

She whimpers. "I want to cum Master." Her cheeks glow as red as her bottom as she answers. 
