 Hey everyone, sorry it's taken me such a long time to update. I have been super busy, but hopefully I can get back to things now. I would like to thank my proofreaders: John Blackhawk and curiousvisitor for all their hard work.

Anyway, I know I've left you waiting long enough, so please enjoy chapter 8.

— — —

Dan 

To my surprise, both Rose and Emily have not only managed to stay out of trouble with the housekeeper -- a feat in and of itself --, but apparently are now close enough friends to share an armchair in front of the view screen, wrapped around each other in a confusing tangle of limbs; I guess the desire to cuddle must just come naturally to them.

Both clad in their nightclothes, the girls are incredibly cute and I find myself wondering if male Lower Vil enjoy physical contact as much as their female counterparts? Obviously human definitions of masculinity don't apply to them, at least not until they leave their compounds and are bent to their owners will. I wonder if Jezebel would let me talk to Zack about it.

"Those are zebras," Emily murmurs, her voice strangely distorted by her contented clicks.

Rose nods slowly. How she heard anything above her own purring is beyond me, the pair of them sound like some kind of strange vibrating bird. Despite her friend's obvious enthusiasm for the subject, Rose seems more interested in Emily's collar than in the animals, though I notice, she pays attention to everything she says, clearly not wanting to hurt her friend's feelings; yet her fingers never stray far from the soft black leather of the collar.

I turn my focus back to the view screen before either girl can catch me looking again. Emily has been giving me guilty looks all evening, as if I'm about to tell her off for spending time with Rose, which is obviously nonsense, but I don't want to give her anymore reasons to worry. This is, after all, her weekend off from her Master.

My parents are away on some romantic break at one of the small lakeside towns that have shot up around the hub leaving myself, Jezebel and the three slaves to fend for ourselves.

Yawning I lie back on the sofa feeling the effects of a long day, made all the more tiring and stressful by the stupid early morning train ride and my run-in with the enforcers. All in all though, today didn't end up being a complete disaster. On my way home from school the enforcers didn't even acknowledge my existence, giving me some hope that this morning's events were a one off, and I actually managed to hand out some leaflets to people who seemed genuinely interested, including the same train nerd I met this morning. He seemed a nice enough guy and keen to give his black-haired slave a little more freedom. I got the feeling that the girl was his only real friend.

Across the room Rose coughs, this fit lacks the intensity of some she has had. But the effect on her already aching body is clearly visible. She hides her face in her friend's neck as Emily gently rubs her back; a worried look on her face.

"I'll be back in a second," I say, getting to my feet.

"Yes, Master," both girls say together, though for Rose the answer is more or less a wheeze.

Leaving the room I head swiftly upstairs. Damn it. Rose isn't getting better. If she is kept warm the fits seem to be less severe, but even wrapping her in blankets is quickly losing its effectiveness, not that it was anything more than a stopgap measure to start with; what she really needs is treatment.

But I have no idea what's wrong with her, yet alone how to cure it. Stars, I can't even give her cough syrup, all those medicines have clear warnings not to give them to lower Vil without consulting a doctor. I wish I could convince myself, I am just being paranoid, but it's too much of a coincidence. Whatever is wrong with her isn't going away; it is getting worse.

Entering my room I can't help but take a moment to appreciate how spotlessly clean it is. Years ago mum banned her slave from tidying either my or my sister's room, apparently in an effort to teach us responsibility. In reality, what it taught us was how to live with a healthy level of clutter.

Grabbing the comforter from the bottom of my immaculately made bed, I head back downstairs. As I suspected, the girls haven't moved much, both of them start when I enter the room but settle down quickly, eyes stilled fixed to the view screen.

Gently I cover Rose with the blanket, Emily helping me to tuck the soft material snugly around her. Purring happily she nuzzles my hand when I fold the comforter around her neck.

Smiling I return to my place on the sofa.

— — —

A whale shark, despite being called a whale, is actually the world's biggest fish; who knew? Rubbing my eyes I sit up, it is getting late and I am not sure how many more amazing animal facts I can take. Nature isn't really a subject I have spent much time on, but I am glad that the ark project was there to protect it. Seeing me rise, Emily pauses the credits on the screen with a sad smile.

"Rose is asleep, Master Dan," she says softly, "She missed the last program."

I can't help but chuckle softly at the indignant look on Emily's face. "She's had a long day, Em's," I say, "This cough is really taking it out of her."

She nods, "Will she get better?"

"I hope so," I reply, before quickly changing the subject, "She likes your collar huh?"

"Yes, sir," she frowns, "She probably wants one of her own, Master Dan."

I groan softly into my hands, "Why? You don't honestly like wearing that thing, do you?"

"Oh yes, Sir!" she replies earnestly, "Master giving me my collar was the happiest day of my entire life!"

"Why though?" I ask, sitting up a little straighter. Rose hasn't mentioned getting a collar in quite a while; I was kind of hoping she had forgotten about it.

"Every Lower Vil wants a collar, Master Dan. It means your owner intends to keep you and look after you." She pauses, "I think, it's a little like the wedding rings my Master and Mistress Abigail wear."

"So Rose thinks I'm going to get rid of her," I say in disbelief, "just because I won't make her a wear a symbol of slavery?"

"It's not my place to speak for Rose, Sir," Emily replies, looking down at the girl sleeping comfortably and for the moment cough free, in her arms.

Rolling my eyes I get to my feet. Emily has already spoken for Rose. But apparently she won't do anything to purposely get her friend into trouble. For someone who has spent most of their life in isolation, Rose manages to make friends faster than I do.

"Well, it's something to think about," I say, gently stroking Rose's hair until she stirs.

My sleepy slave girl blinks at me confused.

"Time for bed," I say softly.

She nods slowly before looking back at Emily longingly.

"You can stay with her tonight if you want, sweetie," I tell her, secretly dreading the idea of a night alone.

Shaking her head she looks between me and her friend, the cogs clearly turning in her still half-asleep mind.

"We can't take Emily to bed with us either," I laugh, "just before you ask."

She nods slowly before nuzzling Emily's neck and getting to her feet with all the grace of a newborn deer. Catching her before she can fall through the glass coffee table, I wink at Emily who looks just as unhappy about losing her cuddle buddy as Rose does.

Bidding my father's slave good night, I guide my own in direction of my bedroom. I wonder briefly if Emily will even bother going to bed tonight, before deciding that's for my sister to deal with, whenever she gets home from whatever club she and Zack are in tonight.

Pushing Rose vaguely in the direction of the bathroom, I worry about what she will make of my friends when she meets them tomorrow and what she might say when they inevitably bombard her with questions. But that is a problem for the morning, for right now all I want is my slave girl and my bed.

— — —

Rose.

I wake up to bright sunlight from the skylights shining directly into my face, groaning unhappily I toss the covers over my head finding shelter in the warm darkness. Suddenly I feel the blankets move and Master's head appears haloed in brilliant golden light; he must be kneeling beside the bed.

"Good morning, sleepyhead."

After blinking furiously, my vision of the world slowly shifts back into sharper focus. The first thing I notice is that my owner is fully dressed. The next is the happy smile on his face.

"Your cough seemed better last night," he comments, reaching into my cocoon to gently brush my cheek.

"Yes, Master," I reply, nuzzling his hand happily. My chest doesn't hurt nearly as much today and I haven't coughed up any more blood, perhaps I am finally getting better!

"Would you like to try and pick out your own clothes for today?" he asks with an encouraging smile on his face.

I nod slowly, really not looking forward to the prospect.

"Come on then," he grins, slowly pulling back the covers.

I scamper out of bed obediently, quickly pulling off my sleep shorts and top before folding them neatly and placing them in the laundry basket. Master used to just throw his dirty clothes on the floor, but now that I have cleaned his room, he seems to be making an extra effort to keep it tidy.

"Sweet stars," my owner says, licking his lips as I stand in front of him naked. Pleased by his reaction, I bounce on the balls of my feet, drawing a groan from my blushing Master. I am a little confused on why he makes me wear clothes, given how much he seems to enjoy seeing me without them.

It is probably another human thing I don't quite understand yet.

Master sits on the bed as I move to the wardrobe allocated for my use. I keep catching flickers of movement and I can tell he is trying very hard not to stare at me. "Some of my friends are coming over at lunchtime," he says quietly, "They want to meet you."

Why do they want to meet me? Is Master going to share me with his friends? What if I can't please them the same way I do him? I quickly get a hold of myself; I'm living better than any Lower Vil has a right to. Whatever Master wants to do with me, I'm sure he will be kind, even if it isn't something I enjoy.

"Yes, Master," I say, comparing a blue set of bra and panties against a pink one.

With a nervous glance over my shoulder I settle on the blue, for no other reason than they are the same colour as my owner's eyes. Behind me I see him smile. Next I pick out a vest and a pair of jeans, swapping them for the shorts I had in mind at Master's suggestion that I dress up warm. Last, but not least, Master hands me a hooded jumper.

"It'll probably be a bit big on you, but it will keep you warm," he says, as I pull the baggy garment over my head. Master kisses my lips softly as I emerge. Instinctively I wrap my arms around him, shivering in thrill as he tells me what a good girl I've been.

Unfortunately, as always, his embrace never lasts long enough and we soon step apart.

"Right," he says, clapping his hands together briskly. "Let's go see if your adventure buddy managed to find her way to bed last night."

— — —

"Right, you understand all that?" Master asks for the fourth time, pacing back and forth in front of the dining room table.

"Yes, Master!" I reply promptly, adding, "I won't tell your friends that I don't have an Ident chip or that I might have been pregnant or that someone wants to buy me for twenty thousand credits."

He nods exhaling slowly but continuing to pace. The last time I saw my Master this anxious was when he thought I was going to have his baby. I'm not sure why meeting his friends is a cause for a similar reaction. Perhaps it's a human thing; I only have one friend but the thought of spending time with her makes me happy.

Tucking my legs under my bottom on the hard wooden chair I follow my Master's nervous progress from one side of the room to the other. I wish I could make him feel better, but I have no idea how without being very disobedient.

And that's just likely to make him more upset. Perhaps that's what's worrying him? He fears that I will disgrace him in front of his friends. After all, a slave is a reflection of her Master. His friends will be looking at me but judging my Master!

The midday sun streaming through the frosted glass of the back door is suddenly obstructed as someone approaches and knocks. I watch my owner take a final deep breath before striding across to the door. I'm so caught up in what my Master is doing that I almost forget that I'm sitting at the dining room table like a human! My heart pounding I slide out of my seat and onto the floor before quickly assuming the correct kneeling position.

"Afternoon," Master greets his friends as one by one they file into the kitchen. Determined like never before to be perfect for my owner, I keep my eyes glued to the floor. My only view of his friends is of their shoes, of which there is an odd assortment on show; shiny black boots, scruffy white trainers and a pair of open toed sandals clearly belonging to a female.

"Getting here was crazy," a male voice says.

"Yeah," replies the girl and I can tell by the way her and my Master's feet draw close they have just embraced. I feel a hot stab in my gut and I have to fight hard to stop myself looking straight at her and yelling 'mine!'

"We got stopped by the enforcers," she continues, oblivious to my near catastrophic outburst. "Then this really creepy guy wanted to know if we were on our way to see you."

"What?" Master says, sounding startled.

"Yeah it was crazy, he said he was friends with your dad and saw us all hanging out with you once. Acted all friendly, like he just wanted to check you were okay. But none of us have ever seen him."

"Shit," my owner groans. "Did they hurt you?"

"No, we are quite well," a second male voice says. "I explained to the enforcers their rights when dealing with non-violent citizens but they didn't seem very receptive."

"I thought Theo was going to get us sent to jail for sure," the first male says, "But it doesn't matter. We made it. Where is she?" There's eagerness in his voice that sends a shiver down my spine; what exactly has Master promised his friends they can do with me?

"Over ther-" Master says, his feet turning. "Rose?"

"Yes, Master" I reply obediently.

"You made her kneel on the floor! What the fuck Dan!" The sandal wearer shrieks, heading swiftly in my direction.

"I didn't!" Master protests as his female friend reaches me.

I find myself being pulled roughly to my feet, the thought of resisting springs to mind, but I don't want to get my owner into any more trouble with his friends, so I dutifully allow myself to be snatched from the floor like a rag doll.

"Come on, sweet pea, you're safe now," the girl says as I allow myself to look up at her face. Given that this is the only eligible female human that I know of that is close to my master I quickly compare our looks. She isn't unattractive, but she isn't distinctive either and her ginger hair is completely untamed, giving her the look of a wild woman.

"Thank you, Mistress." I say, wanting to point out that I was completely safe before she yanked me from the floor.

"You don't need to call me that." She says kindly.

"We've had this discussion before," Master says, a small smile creeping onto his face. Behind him two men roughly Master's age, one short and thin, one tall and plump watch me with marked interest. "Rose believes she's breaking some kind of divine scripture if she doesn't call us by slave titles."

"You shut up," the woman snarls, glaring at my owner. "With you treating her like a slave, it's no wonder she's acting like one."

"Please, Mistress," I say quickly, bracing myself for her violent retort. "Master didn't ask me to kneel, he allows me to use the furniture like a human."

Masters slightly open mouth is a reflection of my own amazement as I realize, I just spoke without permission and in opposition to a human; two distinctly disobedient acts. The room is completely still for two heartbeats before the implications of what I just did hits me. I'm so useless; Master is so kind to me yet I can't even conduct myself in a respectful manner in front of his guests!

I turn to him, my head bowed, tears stinging my eyes. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," I whisper repeatedly, cursing myself for once again ruining any chance of getting my collar.

"Shhh, Rose, shh," Master says, gathering me up in his arms. "No one is angry with you."

"But, but," I whimper. How can I make him understand what I've done? What if his friends no longer want to associate with him because of me? He will hate me forever! My desperate attempts to explain myself are interrupted by a coughing attack that feels like someone is pouring acid down my throat, I double over beside my Master, who rubs my back tenderly.

With a last hacking splutter I fall against my owner's chest in a truly disgusting state. My eyes are red from tears and I know my hair is now probably completely messed up. Seemingly not caring too much about my bedraggled state, Master guides me into one of the chairs.

"Would you like a drink, sweetie?" Master asks as his friends watch with a mixture of awe and concern.

I nod slowly, not trusting myself to speak.

"Tea or hot chocolate?"

I look up at him and then his friends in alarm. Surely he doesn't want me to make a choice like that in front of his friends! What if there's some difference between the two drinks that would make Master's friends think poorly of him? I've only ever had hot chocolate at night, if I chose to have it in the middle of the day will they think I'm a fool and how will that reflect on my owner? I shake my head mutely.

"Hey," he says softly, kneeling in front of me. "Focus on me not them; it doesn't matter what they think, okay? What would you like to drink?"

"Hot chocolate," I whisper, unable to meet his gaze.

— — —

Dan 

"Good girl," I say proudly, ignoring whatever disparaging looks my friends are giving me. Rose deserves her praise. Kissing her cheek softly I get to my feet and start towards the far side of the large kitchen.

"Is that normal for her?" Jasper whispers in alarm as he and the rest of my friends follow me towards the kettle.

"Well, she's unsettled with you here." I shrug, "But yeah. That's the normal process for getting Rose to choose something. Why don't you three go and introduce yourselves," I say, gesturing to my slave girl who is sitting with her arms wrapped around her chest at the dining room table.

Not a single member of the Western Hub Anti-slavery Society makes any move to actually interact with a slave. Instead they look at each other nervously, even Claire who is by far the most outspoken of us looks anxious.

"Sweet stars," I snap, "Rose won't bite you, go and say hello. I'll bring drinks over for everyone."

I shake my head as my friends nervously walk away, taking seats opposite Rose. I hadn't realized quite what meeting new people would do to her; she seemed fine with my family. But this meeting seems to have obliterated a lot of the progress we have made over the last few weeks.

Not that my friends have been any help. I could kill Claire for pulling Rose around like a rag doll and screaming at me. Though I did find it impressive that Rose spoke up in my defence, even if it did cause the poor girl to nearly hyperventilate before suffering another massive coughing fit.

And as if I didn't have enough to worry about, the enforcers are chasing my friends now as well as this phantom friend of my fathers; what the fuck is that all about? If the government is so sure I'm up to something, why haven't they raided the house, why go to all the trouble of letting me know they are watching me and my friends?
