 Here we are, at last, at the final chapter. Thank you so much to everyone who has stuck with me on this long, long road. I'm truly grateful for every view, rating, comment and follow you guys have given me. It's what kept me going right until the end. 

So thank you all. And enjoy the conclusion to Dan and Rose's story. 

— — —

Rose 

"Ouch!" I yelp, as Dahlia presses the damp cloth against my burning behind without any of her normal gentleness.

Thistle and Leilani look up from whatever it is they are doing at the sudden sound, but don't comment.

"Rose," Dahlia whispers frantically, "you can't steal from a Warden! You're not allowed!"

Given the circumstances she's reacting better than I would have expected. If one of my sisters had asked me to help her steal something from a Warden, I would have—as my owner would say—freaked out. At least she's not stated yelling for a Warden, yet.

"It's okay," I say, trying to sound soothing, as I reach back to grab her wrist, preventing her from applying any more pressure to my injured behind.

"It's not okay!" she whispers harshly. "None of this is okay!"

"I need that card," I say. "I don't have a choice in this."

"Yes you do! Chose to be a good girl!"

"Come here," I say softly, gesturing to the space on the bed beside me.

"But I'm meant to clean your cane marks," my sister says, sounding lost.

"It doesn't matter," I reply. Which is true. Unless I can escape soon the lack of medicine will kill me before any infection I might get from my caned bottom.

Dahlia lays down beside me, her emerald eyes, darker than mine, set with worry.

I throw the blanket over our heads, making a sort of cocoon for the two of us. The threadbare material does little to keep out the light, but it should muffle our whispers allowing us to talk without my other sisters hearing—despite the fact that they seem to have no interest in talking to me anyway.

"Rose, whoever took you, did they hurt your head?" my sister asks, reaching out and brushing my temple, as if she might be able to feel some injury there.

"No," I reply, feeling a smile pull at my lips, "but they taught me to see the world in a new way; like a free girl," I say, trying to keep the pride from my voice. Saying words like 'free' could be as dangerous as talking about stealing from the Wardens around my sister.

Dahlia frowns, "Like a free girl? But you're not a free girl! You're a slave!" she says, stroking my cheek tenderly.

"I want to tell you everything," I reply softly, stroking my sisters cheek in return. "But if I do, you will have to keep it secret, even from the Warden's. Can you do that?"

I feel a touch of guilt for laying this all on Dahlia so suddenly. I can only imagine what my reaction might have been if our roles were reversed, but I can't let up now. I need to get back to my Master, and I can't do that alone.

"I can't keep the secret if they ask me to tell it," she says, choosing her words carefully, "but I won't tell them, unless I have to."

I sigh in relief. It's not a complete promise of secrecy, but I didn't expect one. This is enough. I'm so lucky that Dahlia and I are so close. Having a best friend is, of course, against the rules here. But, in the real world, it would be the best way to describe our relationship.

I don't think I could go to the other girls a secret like this.

Thistle would report me at once. She's not mean, just determined to be the very model of obedience. Not that I don't try to be a good girl. I just find reigning in my curiosity much harder than she does, and my time with Master has not improved matters.

Leilani might hear me out, but her primary concern is for the wellbeing of us all. If she thought I was a danger to the group—and given what I plan to do, she would definitely think I was dangerous—she would do whatever she had to do, to keep my other sisters safe. Even if it meant losing me.

Brushing a strand of Dahlia's black hair out of her face, like Master does with my hair, I wonder if these realisations about the nature of my siblings means I love them any less. It's not even something I need to think about. I will always love them, no matter what. That knowledge at least gives me something to smile about.

"You're smiling," Dahlia says shakily.

I nod slowly, offering no explanation. Dahlia isn't like my other sisters. She's obedient, of course, but where Thistle yearns to be the most well behaved girl in the compound. Dahlia obeys because she's terrified of punishment. Of all my sisters she is the most sensitive to spankings. It's like she feels more pain than the rest of us.

But, despite her fear of punishment, Dahlia looks after us all. She isn't like Leilani, who will try and help practically, assisting us with lessons and explaining why we were punished. Dahlia helps by being here. She is always the one who will cuddle with us after a punishment. Protecting us the best way she knows how.

"You seem so different now," my sister continues, "it's scary."

I grimace, "I'm still Rose."

She nods slowly, "You smile more now, that's a good thing," she pauses, "I think."

"You can keep my secret?" I ask again, needing to be sure.

"I will," She says softly, "but I won't lie!"

"Okay then," I reply, suddenly feeling nervous. This could be a massive mistake. Telling Dahlia anything could get me killed. It could get her killed.

Wincing I shift onto my side. The marks from my punishment still burn, and I doubt I will be able to sit down or lie in my back for a while. Master will be angry. Not because my skin is damaged, but because they hurt me—he's strange like that. I take comfort in the thought, as I wonder how exactly to start my story.

Dahlia watches me closely, her eyes wide. She reminds me of a rabbit I saw in one of Emily's shows. It was being hunted by a hawk and kept looking around frantically, before bolting away in random directions. Not that it did the poor bunny much good in the end.

Afraid she might go all rabbity and start darting around the room, I try and put myself in her shoes. Which is a silly expression, because I don't think any of my sisters have ever worn shoes. But it's something Master said and I think I understand the meaning, even if in this case it doesn't make much sense.

Dahlia lives in another world, one I used to live in before I was brought to my Master. I remember the constant fear of being punished, and of trying so hard to be a good girl, while all the time feeling like a constant failure. I used to think that was what life would always be like, but I was wrong. My sister's need to learn they are wrong as well, even if it's painful.

"Dahlia, they are never going to sell us," I say quickly. "You're never going to have an owner."

She doesn't look so afraid anymore, instead she looks like someone just slapped her.

"Rose, that's a horrible thing to say!" she gasps.

"I'm not saying it to be horrible. I'm saying it because it's true," I shake my head. "Look, I'm going to tell you what happened to me, all of it. Then you can decide what you will do."

Taking a deep gulp of air, I start to tell her about life with my wonderful Master. I leave out as much detail as I can, because, I realise, the Warden's knowing this won't just get me in trouble. It will get my owner in trouble as well!

--- --- ---

Dan 

I wait anxiously, as the train pulls to an agonisingly slow halt. Before the whole train slides smoothly sideways against the platform. The doors open with a hiss, and the sounds of a packed central station assault my ears. Despite taking a prime seat by the door, I hesitate before stepping out. Which doesn't seem to concern the people behind me, as they push their way out onto the gleaming white platform.

Not for the first time since I got on the train I wonder how Rose is getting on. The inspection is supposed to happen in two days time, which simultaneously feels far to soon, and far to far away. There's been no word from her, or, if there has, X hasn't felt it necessary to tell me. Having that suited pompous prick out of my life is going to be nearly as sweet as having Rose back.

Though, I will miss Lucy.

I keep my head down, as I walk through the station. I take the stairs down to the ground floor. I don't want to be stuck in a lift with anyone who realises I should be in school. Even if my Ident chip has been modified to avert suspicion, there is no hack to counter curiosity. Hell, nineteen years of slave training couldn't dull Rose's.

Finally making it to the ground floor, and only a little out of breath, I tuck into the protected niche from which I have given out so many leaflets. Surreptitiously, I rub the pins and needles from my right hand. I hope the taser implant isn't malfunctioning. Being electrocuted out of nowhere in a busy station is bound to blow my cover.

With a little more feeling in my hand, I head for the exit. A huge cargo freighter takes to the sky as I walk by, leaving only scattered leaves and turned up collars in its wake.

--- --- ---

Rose

"You really just ask him questions like that?" Dahlia says in awe, her eyes sparkling. She is equal parts horrified and amazed by what's happened to me, and the simple act of talking about my wonderful Master has made me feel much better.

I nod, "Master likes it when I ask questions!" I can barely hide the excitement from my voice.

"He doesn't sound like a real Master at all," Dahlia says. "He taught you to lie."

"Not revealing your owners secrets is one of the Overriding Edicts," I counter.

"But that isn't the same as lying," Dahlia protests.

"Why?" I ask. I don't really understand how there's much of a difference between keeping a secret, and not telling the truth. Either way, if you don't answer honestly, or withhold important information, that is the same as a lie. We spent a lot of time when we were younger learning what a lie was.

"Because..." My sister falters. "I don't know. But why do you need to be the one to help us leave? Why can't your Master, or another Human, do it?"

I notice my sister doesn't use the word escape, even after hearing what they have planned for us here. She still thinks it's where she should be. But I know Dahlia. Taking her babies away from her will hurt her in ways she doesn't understand—not yet.

What about the girls who are breed here? Like my mother. Do they care when their babies are taken away? Do they wonder what their offspring are doing? Or how we are doing? I never considered these questions until I met Master and his family.

"Because no Human can get inside like I can," I say softly, remembering what Mr. X said. "And I can do this, Master says I can do anything if I put my mind to it."

"You can't fly," Dahlia replies, absentmindedly tracing paths in the markings on my neck.

I feel myself purring, the vibrations rippling painfully though my cane marks. "It's a Human saying," I tell her, "they don't always make sense. It means I can act like a Human."

"He still doesn't sound real," my sister says. "None of the Masters in books act like yours."

"He is a real Master!" I say defensively. "He's my Master!"

Dahlia's looks down, easily scolded.

"You can meet him," I say apologetically. "He can find you a Master or a Mistress, but only if I can escape. Only if you help me," I pause to let me words sink in. "I need you Dahlia."

My sister frowns. "I can't make a choice like this," she whispers.

"You have to," I say, feeling cruel. Once, Master and I watched a really gross movie. In it, a deep space miner got caught up in his ships machinery while working alone very far from any help. To escape he used a plasma torch to cut off his own arm.

At the time I couldn't understand how anyone could do that to themselves. My owner told me that sometimes when a human was desperate enough they would do anything to escape. I remember thinking that a human might, but a Lower Vil would never behave like that. Except now I know that's not true. I will do anything to get out of here.

"I'm going to read for a little while," Dahlia says, not meeting my gaze.

"Okay," I whisper, not sure what else to say. I doubt I will know if Dahlia will vouch for me, until I need her to.

The waft of recycled air that hits my face as Dahlia pulls away the blanket makes me realise just how long we've been hidden. I watch as my sister slides out of bed and walks away. I wonder, for a brief moment, if my Master would prefer her bum or mine.

Rolling onto my front, I watch her select one of the four books in our cell. Two of them are training texts, explaining commands and the correct positions to take when told. Another is what Master would call a horror story, about a girl who is very disobedient and ends in a windowless cell, where her Master uses her as a toilet for the rest of her life. Unsurprisingly that book is the least worn of our collection, even though all of us have read it multiple times.

The last book is about a girl who falls from a transport truck and gets lost in the woods. Before she finds her Master and proves just want a good girl she is. That story also has a part where the girl is used as a toilet, but it's to please her Owner and not as punishment. So it's okay. I'm not surprised that this is the book Dahlia selects.

I glance over at my other Sisters, who are cuddled together on Leilani's bed. I can't see if they are talking or not. With a sigh, I pull the covers back over myself, wincing as the soft fabric brushes against my cane marks.

Despite the pain, I find myself drifting off to sleep.

--- --- ---

I wake up with a start feeling the wave of nausea just as it peeks. I sprinting to the bathroom just in time. My stomach aches, as I noisily expel what feels like every meal I have ever had with my Master, leaving a rancid taste in my mouth.

Shaking all over I collapse onto the floor. Only to spring back up again, as my bruised and cut behind touches the cold tiles. Utterly defeated I fall against the toilet, trying to ignore the smell. I hate being sick.

It takes me a long time to get my breathing back under control, and for my head to stop spinning. I hear someone enter the room, but can't find the strength to move my head enough to see who. Well, whoever it is will just have to step over me to pee. I'm not moving.

I jump as a hand falls across my forehead. "You're running a temperature," Leilani says, her tone hard to read.

"Amongst other things," I groan.

"Don't answer back," my sister scolds, passing me a bottle of water, which I chug down with a thirst I didn't know I had.

"Thanks," I say, wiping my mouth with the back of my hand and flushing the toilet.

"You missed lunch."

I grimace, "Might have been just as well."

"You never used to talk like this," my sister says coldly, I'm not sure if it's an observation or an accusation.

"I'm sorry," I say, though I don't feel sorry. "I didn't sleep last night, and being punished really took it out of me."

I curse my automatic reaction to explain myself. Leilani has barely even looked at me since I've been back. We don't—or at least we didn't—have a relationship like Master and his sister, we don't snap at each other or fight. But something's changed now. I just wish I understood what.

"You shouldn't stay here," my sister says, a little more gently.

If only she knew how hard I am working not to stay here. Nonetheless, I take her hand and allow my oldest sister to pull me shakily to my feet. My head still spins, but it isn't nearly as bad as it was just moments ago.

In silence we pad quietly back to the main room. There's a tray of bland looking food next to my bed, which I'm lucky not to have knocked over in my haste. Despite having had nothing to eat since yesterday just looking at the tray makes me feel queasy.

Dahlia looks up at me from her own bed, offering a small smile before returning to her now nearly finished book. Thistle looks up at us from her bed as well, but takes no notice. She seems to be sitting in an uncomfortable looking position, so perhaps she is practicing being restrained.

"It's nearly teatime," my sister says. There are no clocks on the walls, but spend long enough here and you get a sense of time—enough to predict meal times anyway. Pushing her blonde hair from her face Leilani helps me climb onto my front into bed.

"I'm not hungry," I say at once.

"You're going to get in trouble for not eating your lunch," Leilani scolds. "You don't want to make it worse do you?"

"You and the others should share my lunch," I say, glancing at the ribs visible under my sisters pale skin.

"We don't need it."

"Yes, you do, I can see your bones Leilani, that isn't right."

"If something was wrong with us Dr. Walker would do something. It isn't up to you," Leilani replies, kneeling beside my bed so my head is level with her ample chest. I bet my Owner would like this view.

"Something has happened to you," she continues, "it's like you're a whole new person."

"I've changed?" I answer grumpily, my head starting to spin again. "You didn't even want to look at me until just now."

I watch the normally passive expression on my sisters face shift into one of regret. Not able to meet my gaze she stares at the floor in front of her.

I reach out and brush her hair. "What's wrong?" I ask, suddenly feeling very separate from my sisters. My leaving is the biggest thing that has happened to us in nineteen years. Is it any wonder that it has affected them as much as it has me?

"Oh Rose," Leilani whispers. "I just," she pauses, "I just thought you had found a Master, and I thought," she continues quickly, "that at least one of us would have an owner. Because I don't think we're ever going to be sold."

I look at her with my mouth open, before quickly closing it. I've never heard doubt from Leilani before. She's the one who tells us that things will be alright. I didn't know she thought like this.

But, this would explain why Dahlia thought my other sister's were acting strangely. They thought they were going to be sold when I was, and now they have slowly started to see the truth. That's there's no owner in their future. That all the training and their obedience were for nothing.

Maybe that's why Dahlia was so willing—for a slave—to keep my secret.

I nod slowly. "We will," I try and smile, the feeling of giving reassurance to our unelected leader is very strange. "The Wardens are just waiting to find us perfect Masters or Mistresses."

"What did you and Dahlia talk about?" Leilani asks, looking at me intensely.

"What it was like outside," I say quickly, happy to not have to tell a complete lie.

"Will you tell me?" My sister asks, sitting on the floor and resting her head on my pillow.

I nod slowly. My stomach has started to ache, and I have the uneasy feeling I'm going to be throwing up again soon. Nevertheless, I press on, telling my sister about how blue the sky is, and how wonderfully green trees are. The memories helping to keep me distracted.

--- --- ---

Dan 

Waiting at a traffic crossing, I wish I had thought to bring some warmer clothes. It's supposed to be summer. Then again the weather here has always been unpredictable, an aftereffect of the bomb, or so I've been told.

The café, where I'm meant to be meeting our supposed benefactor, is in a part of the hub I'm not familiar with. Still, I have the map feed open on my tablet and it's not far now, which I'm thankful for. I just hope our meeting is a quick one, so I can get back to worrying about Rose in peace.

The light turns green, and a 'Safe to cross' notice pops up on my tablet, as it does for everyone in range waiting to cross with their heads buried in their gadgets. The warm air displaced by the waiting Anti-grav cars playing around my ankles reminds me of the last time I was in the city, picking up Rose's collar.
