 A bright sun shines down on the ruins of an old city, long since been abandoned. In an open square, a red haired angel inspects the carvings on a wall.

"I wonder what race made this city....Human? But this doesn't seem like any human writing..." Her grass green eyes study the wall intently, alight with curiosity. A smooth voice behind her says, "It is a city made by a race of half-demons a long time ago, pretty little angel." She jumps and turns to face the direction the voice came from. She extends her hands out in front of her, ready to cast the spell at the demon in front of her. His waist length hair glints silver in the sunlight, a stark contrast to the angel's red hair. His bright green eyes narrow slightly as he sees her defensive posture. 

"What's the matter? Don't like demons?" His pale pink lips curve in a slightly cruel smile as he watches her uncertainty. 

"We were always taught to be cautious of demons and their ilk. They always want something from angels, because we have everything they want." His smile disappears, replaced by an angry frown. His bright green eyes flash with anger as he glares at her, narrowing them.

"That's what they teach you angels nowadays huh? You angels and your overbearing egos, making us into scapegoats as far as our memories go back. WE'RE the ones who are the evil ones huh? We didn't march into your land and slayed thousands of your race, now did we? Slayed men, women, and children being uncaring as to who they are....yes, we are the evil ones indeed." The angel's hands are still kept up in a defensive position but her face shows her confusion.

"We were always taught we did that because your race was making plans to storm us and..."

"All excuses so your kind could trim down our numbers considerably. The LIES you are all taught is saddening...and angering!" He takes a few steps forward towards her, looking menacing. Her grass green eyes widen but she holds her ground, still looking confused. He opens his mouth to continue ranting when a foul smell suddenly gets breathed in his nostrils. He looks around, looking for what is causing the terrible smell.

"Oh my God, it...it can't be!" The demon snaps his head to look at her to see fear on her face.

"What? What is it? Do you know this smell?" 

"It is one of the worst beings that exist...they eat anything and everything they set their sight upon and the worst thing is you can't see them." 

"Hold on a minute...this thing is invisible...but exudes this noxious order? I've never heard of this thing before...you must be making it up to scare me."

"I'm not! The only way to beat this thing is to flood the area with angel and demon magic so we need to..."

"Hah, now I definietly don't believe this. I bet you just made the smell somehow and now you're coming up with some story so I can be lulled into a false sense of security and you can attack me. Take me back home, will you? I don' THINK so." He flaps his wings a couple of times, hovering in mid air. He smiles cockily, his silver hair streaming around him as the angel looks at him like he is an idiot. She looks at her hands and sighs, starting to gesture and speaking words to conjure an area spell of angelic magic. The demon starts to laugh, thinking the angel is still trying to convince him this thing does really exist. The angel extends her arms out, finishing the spell and bright light flashes around the area. A small noise is heard twenty yards away and she looks up at the demon.

"Still won't assist me, will you?" The demon laughs even harder at this and she sighs heavily. 

"I guess not...I hope this works because I haven't attempted this before." She takes a deep breath and starts gesturing again, but speaking in a different language, one from the demon world. The demon stops laughing as soon as he recognizes what she's saying and looks at her, taken aback. The volume of the angel's voice increases in intensity as she finishes off the spell, letting out a huge ripple of demonic energy. A loud screech is heard and a flash of something is seen for a moment. The smell disappears and the angel collapses to the ground in a heap. The demon keeps looking at her, stunned this angel knew this spell and could cast it! He swoops down to her turns her over onto her back.

"How did you do that? Who are you?" The angel opens her eyes a little to look at him, her long red hair a mess below her.

"I'm Liriel." She closes her eyes as she falls unconscious from the different magics she produced at close intervals. The demon looks at her in amazement, looks away and then looks back to her. He picks her up, looking rather confused still as to why she knew any demonic magic at all.