 Liriel wakes up feeling like she was hit by a crowd of her kind in a rush and she sits up. She opens her eyes and finds herself in a unfamiliar room. The room's walls and high ceiling are a deep garnet red accented here and there by silver lamps. She rubs her bare arms, looking around at the fairly sparsely decorated room. She looks down at herself suddenly and exclaims at the sight of a new outfit.

"He better not have changed my clothes!" She draws her arms over herself, trying to cover her now partially bared and full breasts.

"He did not change you, I did!" Liriel looks up and sees a green haired, green eyed pixie like creature flutters in front of her.

"You did? What are you? You look almost like a..."

"Don't say it! I'm not a pixie! Everyone always thinks I am but I'm not! Master Zephyr conjured me in a ritual. I am a wind spirit!"

"I didn't know demons could conjure elemental spirits..."

"Master Zephyr can conjure wind spirits...but he doesn't use his demonic powers. He has his secrets...as I've come to understand you do." Liriel hugs herself tighter and looks taken aback.

"Did you tell him about the mark on my breast?"

"Don't be silly! It's just a tattoo right?" Liriel looks away from the wind spirit, a black spire just visible above her arms.

"Y..Yeah, just a tattoo. Listen...um..."

"Pazuzu! Or just Pazu for short!"

"Pazu...can you please find me a different outfit? One with a higher neckline, please." Pazuzu whirls away and comes back with a dress of a similar style to the one Liriel is wearing but with a higher neckline. Liriel takes it with a thank you and turns to take off the one she has on. She puts on the new one, a hand over the mark on her breast.

"Miss Liriel, is that mark just a tattoo? You seem awfully funny about it."

"Please Pazu, don't pry. It is something you do not need to know and it is something...Zephyr doesn't need to know." Pazuzu frowns a little and sighs.

"If you say so...Now, Master Zephyr told me now that you're up, he wants you to come see him so he can ask you some things." Liriel fingers the edge of the neckline, looking concerned and slightly guarded. Pazuzu gestures to her to follow and Liriel walks after Pazuzu still looking worried. Pazuzu leads Liriel through the corridors to a large room with a long table. At the end closest the door sits Zephyr, feasting on a plate of what looks like meat. He heard them enter and looks over his shoulder. He immediately stands up, his large demon wings folded behind him. He looks over Liriel in her dress, straps taking the place of sleeves. He raises an eyebrow at the fairly high neckline, not understanding why she choose such a thing.

"Nice dress." He keeps eyeing the high neckline and Liriel crosses her arms in front of her breasts, looking guarded.

"You wanted to ask me something, huh?" Zephyr nods, eyeing her curvaceous figure. Liriel looks away, uncomfortable with his obvious appreciation. She takes a seat at the table, Zephyr sitting back down on his seat. He eyes her closely, seriously this time. Liriel avoids his gaze carefully, picking a unfamiliar fruit like food and staring at it.

"So, how exactly did you learn demon magic? You supposedly don't like us but here you are with our magic. How and why? Explain this to me right now." Liriel grips the fruit tightly, her nails puncturing the tender flesh. Zephyr raises his eyebrows a bit, waiting for her response.

"Drop this. I do not wish to talk of it." Zephyr sneers slightly, leaning forward as she keeps avoiding his face. She slides her nails out of the fruit, using her mouth to suck out some of the juice inside. Zephyr continues to sneer, his eyes narrowing.

"You did it right in front of me so I feel like you are obliged to tell me. How does an angel come across such magic and why would she care, hm?" Liriel slams the fruit down, squashing it against the table. 

"I told you to drop it! This is none of your business! Besides, you were the one who wouldn't believe me and made me expend so much energy to protect us both! Is that all of your questions because I do not wish to continue this interrogation." She stands up and goes to walk away from the table. Zephyr leaps up and pulls her back around, her feathered wings flashing behind her. She pulls back from him, looking at him angry and hurt. She stalks off, Pazuzu in her wake. Zephyr continues standing there, hand extended outwards. Looking unsure and confused, he draws his hand back and looks at it. 

"She's right. Even though I was yelling at her and being belligerent, she still helped me. I shouldn't pry so hard when she could have just left me there, alone..." He lifts his head and stares at the door Liriel left through.

Pazuzu flutters after the storming Liriel, trying to keep up with her quick pace.

"Why can't he be more concerned about what happened after that? He just has to pry, has to figure out why I can do this. Maybe my teachers were right, that demons just want something from us. Never trust a demon..." Pazuzu frowns and catches up to her and tugs on the angel's strap. Liriel startles a little bit, facing Pazuzu's concerned green eyes.

"Miss Liriel, I'm sorry for Master's behavior. He was merely curious..."

"I don't want to hear it. He only took me back here so he could study me and try to get what I can do. Here I thought that maybe angels had wronged their kind but no they really are horrible beings." Pazuzu frets over what to do, looking around for anything to distract and calm the angry angel.

"Miss Liriel, is there anything that I can do for you? I'm not sure how to get you out of here as I do not know the way out and the only one who knows is Master Zephyr. Could I...maybe interest you in a hot soak in the bath?" Liriel looks at Pazuzu and then at herself, seeing how dirty she is. She slows her steps and looks back at Pazuzu.

"I...guess I could go for one. Just show me where it is..." Pazuzu gestures at a door and they go inside to see a luxurious natural looking hot spring. Liriel's eyes open wide as she looks at it in amazement.

"I've never been to one of these before, Pazu! It's so...pretty." Pazuzu backs towards the door as Liriel starts getting undressed. 

"I'm going to find something for you to dry off with when you get out and I will also find Master Zephyr to tell him not to come in." Liriel looks over her shoulder and nods. Pazuzu goes out the door and closes it. Liriel steps into the hot water and lets out a little yelp. She stands in the hot water, the water coming up to her smooth and round ass. The water shimmers off her creamy white skin in wavy patterns, a soft contrast to the stark yet elegant black lines on her left breast. Liriel frowns at it, tracing the lines quietly.

"I guess that's what I pay for being curious, huh?" The black lines end before her soft shell pink nipple, not marring its tender surface. Despite the heat, she shudders and her nipples harden. She winces and hears the door behind her open. It startles her and she turns around. Standing in the open door is completely naked Zephyr. He looks at her, just as startled to see her as she is he. He takes in her full white breasts but notices the black mark on her left breast. He looks even more startled and opens his mouth to speak. Liriel ducks into the water, keeping her wings above water. 

"Get out!" Zephyr backs towards the door a couple of steps and runs out the door, slamming it behind him. Liriel holds a hand to her heart, it beating fast from the shock. The image of his slim but toned body fills her head. His finely muscled chest slimming into a small waist and flaring out into slightly generous hips. Then of course there was....

"No! This isn't right! Besides, he saw my mark! He knows! Oh God, he knows..." She places her face in her hands, sobbing quietly. But no matter how much sobbing she did, his naked body was burned into her mind's eye. She could see his slim body in her mind with his long and thick erection, belying what he felt when he saw her naked in his bath.