 Liriel weeps quietly, stuck to the glowing ground beneath her. The cruelly smiling Nyte hovers over her, demonic insanity gleaming in his blood-red eyes.

"Ah, yes...weep! Weep for your supposed innocence! Weep for your friends will not help you!" Nyte laughs, making Liriel flinch. Turned away from him, she does not see a ball of energy smack into Nyte. She feels, however, Nyte being knocked off of her and snaps her head back to see Zephyr standing by her, looking utterly furious. He quickly undoes the spell on her and she gets up shakily to see Nyte getting up at the same time, his lips drawn back in a snarl. Nyte rushes at them, his hands glowing with a furious scarlet energy. Zephyr and Liriel at the same time let out whips of energy, slamming Nyte a good distance away. Zephyr turns to Liriel and grabs her hands, uttering quiet words to himself. All of the sudden, Liriel feels like she is being sucked out of a hole and lands on the stone floor of Zephyr's house with a roll. She jumps up quickly to her feet, preparing for Nyte to appear. She watches with awe as Zephyr holds the earring aloft, it glowing with a almost sickly light. He mutters a few words and hurls it at the ground, smashing the earring to pieces.

"That should keep him in that realm for a good long time, until he figures out how to escape but we have time to prepare for him to be back. Liriel...are you ok? He didn't..."

"No, you arrived just in time Zephyr...it was a really close call." Liriel rubs her arms, looking away from him, disturbed from what happened and how very likely it is she will have to look into this malevolent red eyes once more. 

"Liriel...do you want to talk about it? You don't look well..." 

"I'll be fine Zephyr, really. Thank you for...rescuing me." Zephyr quietly nods, not looking convinced and sighs. He reaches out to touch her cheek but she draws away, turning to the side.

"I...need to go off by myself...I'm grateful I am but I just...need to be left alone." Zephyr's eyes widen, looking a little hurt but drops his hand and turns away, lips in a tight line. 

"Fine...I understand..." Liriel quietly walks away, her arms around herself tightly. She doesn't look behind her at Zephyr, shivering but not from cold. She quietly wanders, hour upon hour passes as she does. Liriel walks up many winding stairs til eventually finds herself outside on the very top of Zephyr's house. Her eyes widen as she takes in the barren landscape, looking totally void of life. Not even a single blade of grass sprouts from the arid ground and Liriel remembers the stories told to her long ago. Tears start to stream down her cheeks as she remembers the seeming justified actions of her ancestors, how they destroyed much of the demonic world. Even after thousands of years, the demon world lay in total waste and only traces remain of a once lush world. Liriel bows her head, guilt that none of her kin have ever felt before lays heavily on her shoulders. She buries her face in her hands, unable to look at the vast depressing wasteland any longer.

"We really do deserve their anger, don't we?"

Later on that night...

Zephyr strips his clothing and tosses it onto the floor. He stretches, yawning and walks over to his rather large bed. He slips into the velvety soft chocolate brown sheets, a sexy contrast to his pale skin and silver hair. He settles down and waves his hand, turning off the light in his room. He curls up under the covers and is about to drift off when he hears his door open. He sits up and turns a light on to see a dusty Liriel, white tracks down her face from where she had been crying. Forgetting the hurt she caused him, Zephyr opens his arms and Liriel flies into them, clinging to him tightly. He presses his cheek on the top of her soft crimson hair, holding her close.

"I'm so sorry for everything my kind has done to yours, Zephyr. I wish there has some way to take back everything that has been done..." Zephyr touches her chin and tilts her face up, looking at her gently.

"You can start with me, Liriel." Liriel looks into Zephyr's lime green eyes, tears streaming down her cheeks. Zephyr gently wipes her tears away and leans in to kiss her, Liriel melting into it.