 Pazuzu flutters along, humming to herself. In her arms she carries a dress, meant for Liriel to wear. Smiling as she flutters along, Pazuzu sees Zephyr rushing in her direction. 

"Oh, Master Zephyr! I need to tell you that..." Zephyr zooms right past her, making her twirl in the air a multiple times. Dizzily, she looks after her master.

"M...Master? Oh well..." Pazuzu continues on her way, gathering the dress back together. She finally gets to the hot spring and flutters inside to see Liriel perched on a rock, her arms wrapped around her tightly. Water slides slowly off her skin, cascading down the rock. Liriel looks up to see Pazuzu hovering by her and her face changes from scared to angry.

"I thought you were supposed to tell Zephyr that I was in here! But no, you went on your merry way and decided that dress was more important, right?!" Pazuzu flinches back from Liriel, looking confused.

"I couldn't find him so I rushed off to get the dress, thinking he had left somewhere..." Liriel makes and angry sound, stalking over to grab the dress from Pazuzu.

"He came here and saw me completely naked. He saw all of me...do you know how embarrassing that is??" Pazuzu looks down at the ground, clearly upset.

"Miss Liriel I'm so..."

"Just go." Pazuzu flutters out the door, leaving Liriel behind. Liriel sighs and places the dress down on a dry spot while she dries off. She looks down on the black mark on her breast and closes her eyes.

"I need to get out of here...now. Now that he's seen this..." She hurriedly puts the dress on, hurrying out the door and down the hall to the room she woke up in. She gathers up the few things she had and Liriel starts running out the door when she smacks into Zephyr. Her eyes widen and she steps back from him, turning bright red. She looks away from him and tries to brush past him but Zephyr holds her back.

"Liriel, look...I'm sorry for walking in on you like that. I didn't mean to and if I had known you were in there..." He rubs a hand through his long, silver hair, looking somewhat embarrassed. Liriel continues looking away from him, her face red.

"It was an accident, just forget about it. Anyway, I should leave and..." Zephyr starts and shakes his head.

"No! Don't leave, please. You just can't leave, Liriel. I apologize for the stupid things I've done since I've met you but please don't leave! I can't explain it but ever since you destroyed that...creature, I just can't help but want to know about you! I have never felt like this before, Liriel. Please stay..." Liriel looks at him, seeing his pleading lime green eyes looking back at her. 

"But...you saw what I am. Why would you want someone like me here? I'm a waste of time and..." Zephyr turns around suddenly, his eyes suddenly stormy. He turns back to Liriel, and his grip on her tightens slightly.

"We have a problem and that problem is closing in. Please, you need to stay with me. I don't want to lose this feeling but you need to trust me Liriel. I need to hide you fast and I have one way of doing so without you being found." He raises a hand to his right ear and touches a dangling green gem. Her eyes widen as she looks at it, moving in closer to examine it.

"Wow, it's pretty and I can tell it's powerful but what does it do?"

"This earring has a separate dimension hidden inside it. It won't hurt you, I promise." Liriel looks away from him, warring with her emotions and after a few moments looks back at him.

"Ok, I'll stay." Zephyr nods, looking grim and he touches the gem again, closing his eyes. He whispers a few words and a green glow extends over to Liriel, enveloping her. She suddenly disappears along with the green glow and Zephyr turns on his heel. He rushes as fast as he can towards the entrance to his residence and sees someone walking inside. 

"Why hello brother, nice to see you again." Zephyr's brother Nyte smiles at Zephyr with an evilness to it.

"Hello Nyte. What could you possibly want?" Nyte laughs and shakes his head.

"You're never happy to see me, dear brother. Am I really that bad?" He laughs again, eyeing Zephyr up and down. Still grinning evilly, his eyes settle upon the glittering gem dangling from Zephyr's ear. He reaches over to touch it but Zephyr draws back, glaring at him. Nyte laughs but stops as he smells the air around his brother. He narrows his red eyes, his grin being replace by a frown.

"What is this smell you have around you? Such a sickly sweet smell. I don't know anything allied with us that has a smell like that. Zephyr...what have you been doing? Traitor." Nyte casts a quick spell and throws it at Zephyr, making him dodge. Zephyr grits his teeth and starts to cast but Nyte zooms over and knocks him to the ground. Nyte press Zephyr into the ground, glaring at him.

"Where is it? Tell me where this pathetic thing is, tell me right now!" Zephyr tries to buck Nyte off so Nyte whacks him hard in the head. Temporarily stunned, Zephyr lies there on the ground. Nyte eyes the gem and grins widely as he senses the power radiating from it. He grabs it and flies away into the air, willing himself into it.

Inside the earring dimension, Liriel sits around on the glowing green ground and wonders what happened. She hears a pop and looks up, seeing Nyte appear. Not realizing it isn't Zephyr, she jumps up.

"what took you so long? I was wondering what was going on and..." She stops, noticing the leering red eyes. Her eyes widen and she takes a step back.

"What are you doing with my brother, you little tramp. You took his mind over, didn't you! You deserve to be hurt, you fucking angel!" He throws out a ball of energy at her and she flies into the air, coming up behind him to blast him but he turns around. He smacks her to the side, watching her tumble to the ground. He grins and quickly casts a spell, pinning her to the ground. 

"What did you do to Zephyr?" Liriel struggles with the spell holding her down and keeping her hands shut tight. Nyte keeps grinning as he walks over to her and waves his hand in a dismissive way.

"It is none of your concern, you pathetic angel." He kneels down and rips her dress apart, peering at her prone body. He grins even wider as his eyes set upon the black mark upon her breast.

"Well, well, well. You are even more pathetic than I thought! Not just a ordinary angel, are you? What did you do, dear angel, to recieve the mark of the fallen angel?" Liriel winces as Nyte traces the mark, struggling harder to get away. Nyte laughs and smacks her across the face, enjoying it. He removes his clothing with a wave of his hand, laughing quietly. Nyte forces her legs apart, getting ready to rape her as a symbol of the evil of the angels. Liriel closes her eyes tightly, tears falling down her face as his erection probes her netherlips, having given up on fighting.