 I am a Silkeon, a red furred and green eyed warrior, small but fierce. I live in Bama land, and I have a very important job, as Egroegs and Poon Tangs cannot breed alone. They must have my enzymes to make the seed fertile, so I suck the seed from the mighty horn of the Egroeg and spit it with my catalysts into the breed pouch of a Poon Tang so she may have dungees grow inside her. She is big enough to hold many. 

Winter is the time in Bama when it is mostly cold. There are good things about that, because Fuballs grown large and we have the biggest and best Fuballs of anywhere. We eat from the top of the tree. 

Bad things happen in cold times as well; like, cold! In my wintercoat all hoodied, no one can even tell I am a Silkeon. In hot weather, Poon Tangs and I can walk by the black tar river, all camel toed, and display our little wolflas on leashes. Then Egroegs swarm around us, and I have many choices - I don't suck seed from all of them, I really don't, but I have the choice of the best one...or sometimes two...ok, maybe three really good ones. 

But while old wolf winter, frozen and frore, howls outside our tight closed door, I prefer to nibble on bacon fat, and sleep by the fire like a lazy cat. That interferes with hunting, so I need a better plan... 

"Jessica, is that you?" Green eyed Silky turned to the door as a gust of cold wind swooshed behind her sister. 

"If there's anything left of me! That damned paper on mid-nineteenth century French writers 'bout killed me. I want to sleep for a week." Tired ice blue eyes hid behind the silver tresses that spilled out as she drug her watch cap off. 

"You need some relaxation... Come here and I'll draw on your back." 

"And why are you suddenly interested in my health?" 

"That Hurts! Since when can a loving sister not just want to rub some pain out of the love of her heart?" Silky tossed a wave of russet hair over her shoulder as she gently pushed Jess facedown onto the bed and began running her fingertips along the blonde's neck and ears. 

The Nordic princess slowly let herself be seduced, and pulled a pillow up against her face. 

"You know, this is silly. Let me get this ole top off so you can really feel my fingers," and without stopping the redhead grasped the edges of Jess's sweater and slipped it over her head. Nimble fingertips feathered against the upper shoulders and down at the slender curve of her waist, as the tired student succumbed to the ticklish tracery and closed her eyes. 

"This ole strap just gets in the way," she said as she deftly unsnapped her sister's bra, "now I can draw all the way down your back, doesn't that feel better?" 

A muffled snort was all she heard in response, so she quickly tugged the remainder of the tiny lace bra up and out, leaving Jessica in all her ethereal beauty, bare to her waist. The matching lace of her boy shorts just peeped above the leggings she still wore... But every time Silky traced a line down her back it terminated head-on into that barrier. 

"Sugah, I think these ole britches need to go. You know you're more comfortable that way..." and inch by inch the vixen worried the garments down her sister's hips. Soon the cleft of her posterior cleavage began to show, and the perfect pale spheres of Jesse's ass appeared. 

Poon Tangs sleep a lot, and I have learned in my many many many years as a Silkeon that they can be curried into a trance with just a little combing of my claws. They need it anyway, as they are usually so unkempt they need combing...and washing too, for that matter. 

Silky now ran her nails light as air from the nape of Jessie's neck, around the angel wings of her shoulder blades, down the bumpy ridge of her backbone, and across to the dimples that lay just above her gluteal mounds. The she ran an unimpeded line along her cleft, skipping over to the back of her left thigh to her knee, and then her right. 

Once Poon Tangs are ready to breed their estral miasma is evident. This one smelled so strongly I almost got distracted, but I had to complete my mission. 

Wafting a coverlet across her sleeping sister's shapely form, Silky trotted off to fix herself up. 

This year, avoiding the cold required me to have a better plan. I already was lazy with my choices. I sucked seed from this one Egroeg's swollen purpled protuberance so many times I believe I had its contours memorized. It was very large, and produced great nacreous gobs of seed, so I had begun to favor it. 

The Poon Tang was harder to explain. She had misshapen freakishly long legs, and much of her hair was missing, especially around her breeding pouch. I truly believe she rubs it on many many Egroegs, and other Tangs, to be honest. But she had a simple charm, like other dumb animals, and I guess I just felt sorry for her. No other Silkeon would have her, I'm sure. 

"George, Is that you?" Silky skipped to the door and closed it behind her Daddy. 

"And what trouble are you in that you're suddenly interested in my coming home?" George cocked an eyebrow towards the diminutive ginger. 

"That Hurts! Since when can a loving daughter not just want to rub some pain out of her dear heart's love?" As she spoke, Silky attempted to help George with his coat, which would up almost knocking her down. She recovered, however, and flaunted herself at him. 

She had carefully dressed in a black sweater that buttoned down the front. It was designed to fit low on a skirt or pants; it was not designed to be worn alone. Silky's flaming hair swirled around her shoulders, and further down, several undone buttons assured that the carpet matched the drapes. Silky never shaved there, and well she knew George's fascination with the burning bush. She turned her back to him, and tossed over her shoulder, "Jessica's waiting for you. She's terribly horny, you know...what with all these nights working on her stupid paper." 

"You're trying to get me to jump Jess? Usually you aim for an aposiopesis to get me to cum in your mouth instead of finishing where I started. Is that your game?" 

"I am mortally wounded! I sweah I have no intention of stopping you from ejaculating in my sister. I already have her naked and ready." He followed her into the bedroom. 

"This is not a prank? She has not told you she wishes to be left alone?" He questioned as Silky assisted him in removing his tie, and undid his belt as he removed his shirt. 

I have long since realized that I can mix my essential serums rapidly, and with the extremely long tongue I possess can cream pie her, mix, and snowball all in one motion. 

"No. I sweah. She said 'I want George buried in me as fast as he can get there,' that's almost exactly what I remember." With that she knelt to stiffen his already tumescent rod, as he looked upon the sleeping beauty stretched upon their bed. 

Silky removed her scant coverings as George crawled above the sleeping Jess. Blue eyes flew wide in discovery, then lidded in pleasure as she felt him enter her while she lay prone. He carefully assured himself of her willingness and readiness. She was, and in almost no time Jessica began to moan out the names of a litany of liturgical appellations, the sure sign of her impending apogee. 

"Woof! That was a nice surprise!" Jess looked over her shoulder at her Daddy. 

"Didn't you ask Silky to ensue this?" He asked. 

"No need for talking now!" Silky interjected. "Can I join the party? I'm dressed for it." 

"Why sure, darlin'. Come here." Jessica pulled Silk over on her back, lifted a leg over her face, and kissed George as she guided him into the short one's waiting wetness. 

And so, I maneuvered them into a position where the Egroeg's first load was sliding into my mouth, and with almost no effort I mixed and discharged his activated seed deep into her breeding pouch. I did have to let him put his horn in my front pouch, and normally I wouldn't want to waste all that germ fountain, but it is pleasant, and warm, especially warm. 

Jessica and George both folded across Silky, spent and sleepy. 

They both collapsed in stupors, burying one cold Silkeon in a small mountain of hot flesh. 

Did my job, got rewarded, and can sleep in a mini hibernation - warm at last!