 I undressed the captain. Oh, he was everything I imagined. There was such power in his body. It wasn't just his physical appearance, though that was as good as you could imagine. His muscles were hard and clearly defined, his stomach flat, his bum wonderfully tight. Some men, when they are naked, don't radiate the raw strength they can appear to have when they are clothed. But with the captain, the way he moved and stood radiated his power and commanding attitude perfectly, no clothes required. This is the true mark of a powerful man.

I ran my hands over him. He had a normal amount of hair on his chest, and a perfectly sized erection, straight and clean, I was reassured to see. I like average sized man. Too small or short, or if they are fat, and I have to work hard to give them what they want, and there's nothing left over for me. Too big, and I have to manage the way they use me, and often it goes to their head too. But normal or slightly bigger, then if the man knows how to use it, I can really enjoy myself. 

I led him over to the bath. While he got in the bath, I removed my sundress. Under it I had a wrap bunched around my waist, covering enough to create a desire to take it off while not covering anything at all. I wondered how long the captain would let me keep it on. I leaned forward in front of him, so that my breasts were right in front of his face, and took hold of his shoulders. "I am going to wash your back, and then your hair, and then I will get in there with you, and finish washing you." He just nodded. I could see he could barely control himself, it was time to back off a little.

I sat on the end of the bath and washed his back. I sought for and found the tension in his shoulders. Such powerful men who drive themselves hard for their goals, they usually have such tension, and ignore it. He would feel wonderful when I finished with him.

"Scar tells me you were romancing the daughter of the commander" I said.

The captain seemed surprised that I brought it up. But men often like to talk about their loves to me. Once he opened up, he was happy to talk of her. Their relationship was rather deeper than I had thought from what Scar had said. He described her to me, and she sounded a lot like myself in my daydreams before I became a healer. Tall and elegant, with long straight hair, Holly was considered one of the prize catches of the kingdom, and many eligible men had attempted to win her heart. But she felt trapped in the palace, playing the role of elegant debutante, and would much rather have been exploring the country and racing her horse. The captain had met her once in the forest, several years ago, and they often met outside the city. He described her as his burning flame.

The king had given him a great reception when he returned from his last mission, and they had declared themselves at the feast. Her father, one of the most powerful barons in the kingdom, had been very angry, as he wanted her to marry for the family. She had threatened to run away and publicly repudiate the family name, so he had backed down, and instead sent the captain away to give other suitors a chance. But Holly and the captain had given each other their pledge, and Holly had given him her heart and soul, though not yet her body, so he wasn't worried that she would change her mind. They had crossed hearts with blood the night before we left, after he had given me the seed. He showed me the scar on his ring finger. I was touched by the beautiful story.  

I hoped that what we were doing wouldn't ruin the story, but it was the captain's story and his decisions that had led me to here. I had kept washing the captains hair during this story, for fear of interrupting it if I stopped, and his hair was now beyond clean. I climbed into the bath between his legs. 

He was silent while I lifted his legs and arms out of the water and washed them. I looked at all his life marks. They told the same story that I had already plainly seen, that the captain was a man of great strength and resolution. His hands were rough and calloused from the weapons he worked with. He had various assorted scars across his body. Most of them were training or combat injuries, he told me, but a few on his feet and legs were from stinger fish or octopi from when he had worked on his father's fishing ship. He had to explain to me what an octopus was. His explanation made me laugh, and this kept him somewhat distracted while I finished cleaning him. Even so, by the time I finished, he was fully erect and struggling to control his breathing, close to coming. 

"OK, out", I said. He stood, and I dried him with a blanket. I got him to kneel while I stood in front of him to dry his hair. While I was doing this, he pulled my wrap down so he could look at my pussy. I opened my legs so he could see more. He ran his finger through my patch, along my slit, and gently rubbed my clit. Wow.

I dropped to my knees with my eyes shut, and he chuckled. "Gotcha!" I was surprised, now it was me who had nearly come. If I hadn't been standing up, I probably would have. Waves of pleasure coursed through my body. I took a deep breath, and asked him to stand. I stood and dried him, rear and front. I finished with his dick. I knelt in front of him and gently dried it. When I had finished, I kissed the end of it, and licked it with my tongue. I could feel his pulse on my lips, and I knew he was very close to the point of no return.

I guided him to the bed. He was aroused enough and fit enough that I was sure he'd be good to come more then once, so I got him to lie in his back, and stood next to him, with the wrap still on and still pulled down at the front. I leant over and took him in my mouth. I was good at this, but no skill was needed at this point. He breathed in sharply. I took his balls in one hand, and gently caressed them. I could hold him back, but this wasn't the right time for that; we both needed him to come. One of this hands grabbed my hair and the other took hold of the top of my leg and bum, with his fingers reaching right in to my slit. It felt good to be held like that, like I was owned, and he pulled my head up and down. After only a few movements, he started to come. I think it had been a while for him, he spurted into my mouth, many times, and even after all my practice, I still struggled to swallow it all. He tasted good. Good, because I would surely be doing that again.

I looked at him. He had come with unusual intensity, with just a few groans. He had a slightly dazed smile on his face. "Yum", I said. It's kind of expected, afterwards, but I meant it this time. I sat on the bed next to him and rested while he caught his breath, running my hands over his chest gently. 

After a couple of minutes, he lifted his hand and caressed my breast. "That was amazing." 

I smiled back at him. "Thanks. We haven't finished yet. Turn over and enjoy."

He turned over, and I spread oil over his back. I started working his back over, in long sweeping strokes, and feeling him out for how hard I could work him. As I expected, I needed to work him very hard. The bed was a little low for my comfort, and a little hard for the captains comfort, but he was such a hard man he probably hadn't noticed. I would have to improve the bed. He lay there quietly, focused on enjoying my hands. 

"Magic" he murmured gently. Yes, it was for this that I had been called "magic hands". I slowly worked over his whole body. When I stood above his head, he reached out and undid the wrap. After that, whenever I was in easy reach of his hands, he would caress me, either on the legs, or on my bum, and sometimes my pussy. Anytime he got me sufficiently aroused that my concentration wavered, he would back off. He was driving me to ever greater levels of arousal. A few of my users had done this, it was one sure way to make me come. I was trembling and wet, leaking down my legs, but I was determined to give him a full treatment. After I asked him to roll over, I had a brief respite while I worked on his feet and legs. His dick had been starting to come back to life, as he watched me working his legs, and when I gently brushed against his balls as I got to the top his legs it suddenly was restored to it's former glory. I brushed my fingernails across the ridge on the underneath, and it jumped in response. 

I started working on the captains upper body, which brought me back into reach of his hands. He very quickly brought me back to the edge. I was surprised, he had some skill at reading my response. I got respite again when I worked on his face from above his head. I like this bit, it's very intimate without being sexual. It's my favourite bit to either give or receive. I gently massaged his face and scalp, taking my time to ensure that he got the full benefit from my touch. I bent down and kissed the captain on the forehead, and then nuzzled his ears with my lips. I leaned over his head to work on his chest, and he started licking and kissing my nipples. I knew, as soon as he started doing that, that the massage was over. I stopped, closed my eyes, and let him enjoy my breasts for a while, but I knew that it couldn't last. When I felt myself starting to tremble, I climbed onto him, impaled myself on his erection, and squeezed. He thrust back at me, and suddenly I completely lost control of myself. I came harder than I ever have, shuddering and crying out.

I became aware that I was lying on his chest, still enjoying the occasional after shock. He ran his hands through my hair. "That was truly amazing" he whispered in wonder. 

He was still erect inside me. Oh, what a wonderful feeling. I sat up, and started moving up and down on his erection, this time ignoring the sensations I could feel and concentrating on making it as good for him as I could. He played with my breasts, and I worked him hard, leaning into his hands, squeezing his dick, and caressing his chest and face. I could see that he was trying to hold on and make it last as long as he could, but I knew that he wouldn't last too long. I watched him coming ever closer to the brink - this is why I prefer being on top, I feel like I am in control of a galloping horse, and I know how to guide it, control it, and lift it over a big jump. We lifted off together, with perfect timing. He came again, shuddering and crying out and then I came again, just after he did.

I lay on his chest, listening to his breathing and feeling his erection flagging inside me. I held him tight. I was full of emotion. For the very first time, I had made love. Not sex, with nagging regrets afterwards, like it had been in the past. No, I had given myself to the captain, body, heart, and body, and, for the very first time, I felt complete, like a woman is supposed to feel after she has made love. 

He slipped out of me, and I moved over to lie half on the bed beside him, still holding him tight. I started to cry. My tears flowed, I couldn't stop them. I cried for my old self, the opportunity I lost. I cried for my wasted year, and the desperation and despair that I hadn't been able to shake. I cried for the wonderful happiness that the captain had given me. I cried for the virginity I had thrown away. I felt, for the first time for a long time, if ever, like I was at rest. Truly, I had risen from the flames.

He asked me why I was I crying. What could I say? I thanked him because I felt like a women should; because I felt like this is how I should feel when I lost my virginity, that I would count this henceforth as the day I truly lost my virginity. He gave me a bemused smile, I guess this is not what a man expects from a working girl. I lifted my head and we kissed. This kiss was something special too, quite chaste yet very tender. 

"That was pretty incredible, I had no idea you were so good."

I was filled with pleasure. "Well, I had no idea that it could be that good."

We lay together for a few minutes. He rolled me over a little bit and tenderly caressed me, and ran his fingers through my patch. Then I sat up, and looked at an open sore that I had found on the inside of his thigh. It was a little inflamed around the edges. "Where did you get that?" I asked him.

"Fighting the thugs, though I'm not sure how" he replied.

I frowned. Even though it was on a spot where it would rub painfully against his horse, it should've healed by now. "I will give you a poultice for it tonight". 

He nodded and sat up. "You know, you made an amazing amount of noise when you came."

I blushed. I'm usually fairly noisy, and the first of my orgasms had been very intense, I had no memory of making any noise. That's usually a bad sign. "I'm really sorry, but I just can't help it". 

"Don't be sorry, it was a wonderful thing to watch."

I'd never figured out how to keep quiet when I did come, or how to pretend convincingly when I didn't. I could fool men who hadn't seen me come, but once someone had seen or heard me come, I could never pretend again. It was going to be a problem, I knew, with everyone able to hear me here. That got me thinking about my duties, and we spoke about them.

The captain told me that he had given the squad a set of rules about me. They had to spend time with me on their rest day, and they had to let me wash them. It was up to them if they wanted more from me. They weren't allowed to hurt me or bruise me in any fashion, nor were they allowed to touch me at other times unless I wanted it.

I was thinking about those rules when the captain gave me my rules. I had to get them into the bath and make sure they were clean, and check their health thoroughly every time I saw them. If there were any health issues, or I felt that they were showing signs of being worked too hard, I had to talk to the captain about it. If they didn't want to play with me, I had to respect their wishes. If there was any talk of mutiny or problems like that, I had to tell the captain immediately, but otherwise I wasn't to talk to the captain or anyone else about what happened inside my room. Finally, I had to give them all a fair go as long as we were on the mountain.

I thought about those rules. "What if any of the squad have pox?"

"Well, what do you think?"

I thought about that. Men carried the pox, it made urination and sex uncomfortable, but it usually killed women who got it. There was no way I'd let a man with pox inside me now. There was a week or so between a man catching pox and when I could detect it on him, and if he entered me during that period, I would catch it myself. The squad had all been up here for more than a week. I figured that at least some of them had sex while we were at the garrison cities, but not since. So at least there should be no surprises. But if a man had the pox, I could probably clean him of it. And I knew ways to look after him till it was fixed. We agreed that if any of them had pox, I would discuss it with him, and only bring the captain in if there was a problem.

"If you can give the men a fraction of what you just gave me, they will be very happy."

"I'll do my best." 

The captain looked at me with his piercing eyes. "Usually, on missions like this, a squad falls apart and many of the soldiers die from cold or drink. I'm counting on you to get them through the winter. We have to hold these mountains."

I felt a chill. I thought about Edina, Lani, the thug, and the squad, what was at stake here. It was all too easy just to think about me, but there was something more at stake here. The captain – my master and owner - had given me an important mission that I could perform, and I would not fail. I looked him in the eyes and straightened my back, still naked, sitting as tall as I could. I drew my breath. "I will do this, for the people and the land."