 He sat alone in his room, drawing pad in his lap and pencil in his hand, he was working on one of his numerous sketches, several booklets where also scattered about his room, some contained poems, others songs, and many upon many with drawings. He stayed mostly to himself as he always felt like the runt of the family, the middle child, mostly ignored, except when it came to his mother, he was her little baby boy, at times he was smothered by her, as he was one to get picked on a lot, but that was expected when your younger sister could beat you up whenever she felt like it. Which she normally did time to time, depending upon her mood.

Paul was a wolf kin, born from a wolf kin mother and werewolf father. He wasn't that all weak, compared to normal humans, but when it came to fighting his own, well he normally lost. His older brother was the one who got the thrill of exploring and taking off till late night, early morning, with no explanation, but Victor could hold his own in any fight, he was respected by many of the other Garou in the area. As Victor got strength, Paul gained intelligence, he could out think anyone in the family and leave everyone confused in a matter of moments. Then there was Adriana, the baby of the family, she was just about a year and half younger then Paul, but progressed quickly and shot ahead of Paul in a few years, becoming stronger and quicker, and feistier. Adriana had a wicked tongue and a thrill to fight. Which got her in trouble a lot of times, but she was as beautiful as she was feisty. She had men always trying to get her attention, but she saw none fit for her taste so she just beat them up, and when she couldn't find anyone to harass or harm, there was always Paul, her stress relief.

Paul himself was a handsome youth of about 21; he looked a lot like his father did when he was young. He had the ability to charm ladies left and right but also anger their boyfriends, Paul wasn't the one to fight, he never had the urge to go out and be aggressive, which left him dateless and alone, but he like it better this way, he kept to himself and his books. Hiding his feelings from everyone around him. Only his mother ever caught a fragment of how he was feeling or acting. His father tried but Paul wasn't the one to really warm up to his father as Victor and Adriana did. He was wolf kin and they where Garou. There was that small separation there that he kept always there, as he felt inferior.

Paul finally pulled his head out of his books and grabbed an art pad a few pencils and made way for the forest. After walking awhile he heard a scream, and he went to check on it, what he found was three of the Garou boys from a clan that lived nearby, the three had been constant bullies when it came to Paul but they all had a thing for Adriana who was now overcome by the three, who had the intention to rape her. "Now why don't you three be good little pups and let my sister go?" He knew he was asking for a beating, but still that was his little sister, even if she could kick his ass.

One of the three turned around and growled, he was the ringleader of the three. "Go away Paul before I hurt you!"

Paul raised a brow, "really? Well your sure you can figure out how to do that hmm, you'd have to catch me first"

"Paul you little runt, i'm stronger, faster and meaner then you"

"You forgot uglier and dumber not to mention, lacking in…Stature"

That did it the three all turned and dropped Adriana to the ground and took off after Paul, who turned and ran as fast as he could, the three where quickly catching up when Paul leaped off a ledge and grabbed a branch to swing up onto as the three all landed about ten feet below in a rather large patch of wolfs bane, Paul swung back and landed on the ledge. "Like I said dumber," he turned and walked over to where Adriana stood in tattered clothing, blinking at her brother who she thought would never stand up for himself, let alone her, Paul gave her his hand. "You should get home before someone sees you like that, I cant afford to get beat up by everyone out here for your sake" Adriana just nodded and headed home ahead of him. Paul grabbed his notebook and headed back home, as the three bullies finally crawled out of the patch of wolfs bane that would leave them in great pain for the next few weeks.

With the next few weeks, Adriana's behavior around Paul changed greatly, she was a lot more submissive when in his presence and was eager to help him with things, which put him on the defensive as he didn't quite trust her at times, due to her violent nature. One night Paul lay in his bed reading a novel, a small lamp on beside the bed as he lay on the top of the sheets in only his boxers. He didn't notice Adriana walk in and look him over, her eyes widening a bit as she saw the rather large but relaxed bulge in his boxers, which was proof enough that he put most werewolf's to shame, she bit her lip and walked over and sat next to him. 

"Paul? Can I ask you a question? And I want you to be honest"

"Yeah, sure what is it? "

"Am I attractive? I know a lot of the men look at me, but is I really attractive? Most men just want to mate for the hell of it and will sleep with whoever"

Paul looked up from his book for a moment, and looked to her face and eyes which seemed to be sparkling, she had passive side that made her seem very much a lady when she wasn't her normal self. "I don't know, I've never really thought about it, yeah I guess so, now can I go back to reading?"

She got a sour look and gruffed, "you guess so? Damn it you didn't even look at me!" With that she sat down on his stomach, straddling his body and pulled the book from his hands and looked straight in his eyes. "Look at me god damn it tell me if you find me attractive?"

Paul sighed and finally looked her over, before he hadn't noticed that she was wearing an almost transparent nightgown, that was a body hugging mesh, for the first time he saw her as a woman, not just his sister. "Yes, Adriana, your very attractive, now can I please go back to read…." His words where cut off by her lips upon his, he was all but stunned and finally pushed her back. "WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?"

Adriana smiled and pressed her body down against his, running her hands through his hair, which she knew he liked a lot. "Its called a kiss silly, and there's more then that" She licked his cheek lightly before nipping at his neck"

"A..driana… where family.. You can't be doing..this." He was quickly loosing the battle of will to his body and hormones.

" Its alright Paul, werewolf's can mate within packs when they cant find suitable mates elsewhere, and I want you" She slide her hands down and pulled off her nightgown, letting her body be shown to him fully. "Take me, make me yours"

Paul shook his head and tried to get up but she held him down, and when she removed her nightgown he couldn't help but grow hard within his boxers, his hands went up to move her off him, but she grabbed them and put them to her large breasts and made him squeeze them. "Adriana..still…… its…. Not …. Right" His eyes flashed yellow for a moment as his instincts began to take over and he began squeezing her breasts on his own. Adriana moaned deeply and leaned down to kiss him passionately, her lips dancing upon his as he tongue darted out into his mouth and met his tongue in a wet and warm embrace.

Adriana's hands slide down and removed his boxers and then broke her kiss to look upon his erect cock and gasped loudly, as she saw the monstrous size of his cock, she quivered a bit as she wondered how that would go inside of her. But being aggressive as she always was got up and positioned herself above him and slowly lowered herself upon his cock, letting it sink slowly into her, she bit her lip to keep from howling once she got the tip of his head into her, every inch was a tortuous pleasure before she stopped feeling his member come in contact with her hymen. She looked down up on Paul's face, which was overcome with ecstasy, with that she let go and let gravity do the work and let him slide completely into her, as she met the base of his cock, tears streamed down her face as she whimpered in pain, but stopped crying as she felt Paul's arms wrap around her and hold her close. She whispered in his ear as she lay next to his body. "I love you Paul"

Paul whispered back to her, "and I love you Adriana" With that she broke their embrace and began to move herself back and forth a little bit, getting use to the large invasion into her intimate parts of her body. As she rocked back and forth letting the pain and unease of having him within her turn into pleasure, soon she was rocking back and forth, letting more then six inches slip and out of her with each movement, still she felt him in her, She sat up and began to move up and down on him, letting the long, thick cock slide in and out of her, Paul's hands held her hips helping her along, she was soon growling out and stifling howls as she moved quickly upon him, until she slammed herself down, climaxing hard, stars spinning around her as he came within her at the same time. Adriana collapsed upon his body in a sweaty heap her hair dangling around her face as she snuggled up to him. "Mmm, I love you"

With a kiss upon her cheek, the now exhausted Paul held her close as he too fell asleep embraced with Adriana, who slept soundly in his arms.