 As the sun set, we stood on the top of the narrow pass on the main trail through the mountains. Behind us a valley led to the plains of our home. Before us a valley led down the steppes across which the main enemy army had come. We were watching them coming up the valley not far from us now; they would start crossing the pass on the next morning. The captain spoke to us, only a few words, but even now, as I write this, they give me shivers in my bones.

Soldiers of Livia. They are coming.

The captain's eldridge tones filled my heart with awe. I hadn't heard him speak like this before, but standing on the pass with the army approaching us and the sun setting behind the mountains, there could be no other way.

You know what will happen when they get down the plains. You know what just ten soldiers did. If they get down to the plains, our kingdom will fall, our people will be killed and raped and our land destroyed. You've seen this yourselves. We must stop them here.

I swear this to you now. As long as I live, no enemy soldier will pass over this narrow strip of rock alive. 

He paused, and we filled his pause making the same oath, all of us.

It may be that tomorrow some or all of us will meet our doom. Soldiers of Livia, if you meet your doom with honour, you will be covered with glory. 

But I believe that this army that will meet their doom tomorrow. We have a plan, and if we stand together, then we will destroy them all.

My friends, we are standing on a knife's edge between doom and glory, between light and darkness. Of all the soldiers I've ever served with, there's no one I'd rather be with here than each of you. Make me proud, show these enemies the strength of our weapons and our hearts!

He paused, and looked at each of us in turn, as we were spellbound by his intensity. Then he pounded his staff on the rock.

Soldiers of Livia, are you ready?

We growled and yelled. Yes, we were ready

Soldiers of Livia, why do you fight?

"For the people and the land", we cried in unison.

Then he dismissed us, and sent us to get ready. For the first time since we knew of the army's approach, we had hope. As we stood there and watched captain, burning like a flame, I could feel that we all dared to believe that we could actually stop this army, that our plan would work. 

We had been busy since that time three days ago when we first knew that they were coming. As soon as we knew about the army, the captain had sent Whistle off to ask for help and instructions. He had looked quite unsurprised when Whistle came back a couple of days later with the information that all the other soldiers had been withdrawn to the far border to prepare to meet the main enemy army there, because spies had said that the main army would invade there. The commander of the army had given instructions that we were to hold the mountains to the last man. 

He just grunted, and said that indeed, we were alone, just as we had supposed. It didn't make any difference to our plans, we had already assumed that we would be alone, no one had time to come to our aid. In fact, we had already decided on our plan within a few minutes of finding out the army was coming. 

The squad had decided that there was quite obviously only one place to make a stand, at the top of the pass. The enemy could only approach the top on the normal trail one at a time, and any other way up the cliff was impossible, or at least, very easy to defend against since they were vertical rock climbs. Since there was only one workable route to the top, and it was a great killing zone for archers, they figured that they could hold out against the army for several hours, even with just a few of them. 

Eventually they'd run out of arrows – they thought they had maybe a thousand stored across the mountain, so this alone wouldn't hold the pass. This was where our secret weapon fitted in. Looming above one side of the pass was a massive bank of snow running up high towards a mighty peak. It had received a massive dump of snow from the huge storm, and it was all sitting up there, slowly warming up in the sun. There had been hardly any run off from it so the men had already placed bets on how long it would be before the whole lot filled the valley below in a massive avalanche. They figured that there was a chance that a battle would precipitate an avalanche. It only took a few minutes for them to get to that point. Here, the captain smiled, and said that he had a magic spell that he could use to help make the avalanche happen. 

So the plan was simple: to hold the army at the pass, wait for them bunch up below the snowfield, and if the avalanche still hadn't happened, the captain would trigger it. There were lots of things that could go wrong with the plan, but no one could think of anything else that sounded remotely plausible. 

Then they started talking about what the enemy might do. It was hard to imagine that the enemy would simply walk up to the pass, and gather under the snowfield, but equally, it was hard to imagine why they were risking coming through the mountains so early in spring at all. The captain said it was the enemy king, that he was reckless, and that if we could just kill him, then the enemy would probably turn around anyway. 

They decided that the one thing they could do was to make the enemy scared. So almost straight away, Ferret, Digger and Junior set off on their horses with a very simple mission: to stay out of sight, to kill anyone who got separated from the main body, and then to return to the head of the pass before the army. The three of them were our best stalkers – Junior had learnt a lot through the winter – and they were the best at something we had been doing all through our time in the mountains. The squad had these tiny bows and arrows, where the arrow was tied to a string. The small arrow would just penetrate the skin, and it was painted with a poison. If they approached close enough, they could hit a person, who would think it was just an insect. They'd be dead a few moments later. It was pretty scary, and the hope was that they could induce the army into a superstitious fear of being alone, as this would encourage them not to spread out as they approached us.

The rest of the squad spent the time preparing for battle. They retrieved all their arrows and stored them around the top of the pass. They surveyed the top of the pass to see what possible routes there was to the top. 

But though we had a plan, and they were busy, their mood was fey. I could tell that they didn't really believe in the plan. Actually, the captain didn't really believe in the plan. But he said that he believed it, he looked liked he believed it. I watched as he got more and more intense, as if he could destroy the enemy just by his intensity alone. But it held the squad together, they were each reluctant to show that they didn't believe as long as the captain was sure. And they were prone to posturing to each other to show how they were tough, not scared. It didn't fool me, but with these men I was past being fooled, I could read them all like a book. Except for Scar. 

I saw him, often, watching me, any time he thought I wouldn't notice. But no, I really did have eye's in the back of my head, I could see. I would wonder, why was he watching me so? On the day before we went out to battle, I had the chance to speak to him, alone. It didn't go well. He responded coldly. All I wanted to do was to talk to him, to tell him that he was special to me, that I was sorry for upsetting him, but he just looked at me distantly and said that it wasn't a great time. I was heartbroken, to be rebuffed by him like that.

So I ended up with a fey mood to. It was a good thing that the men were too busy for my normal services, I might have been a bit savage to them. I was still giving them all – even Scar – nightly checks, particularly their feet. And otherwise I prepared for the battle, for my own role. 

Towards the other side of the pass from where the trail came to the top, there was a pinnacle of rock poking out from the cliff face. At the top of the pinnacle there was a small flat spot from where you could see the entire field of battle. The captain wanted me to sit there through the battle and coordinate. I could see everything and let the men know what was going on. I argued that I could see everything from anywhere, but the captain was concerned that with so many men around I'd become overwhelmed, so he wanted me somewhere where I could see what was going on with my eyes as well. I couldn't argue with that, and I could see faster with my eyes than my inner sight, so I accepted that I would do it, though, remembering the view from the top of the pass, I shuddered any time I imagined that spot.

I didn't really know how to prepare. So I just did what I could to help the men, and tried to sleep well. 

So suddenly it was time, we were standing on the rim of the saddle at sunset watching the army camp a few hours down the valley. The valley was much easier going on that side, it didn't drop down to the plains so much, and they could march many abreast. They were sticking together; Ferret, Digger and Junior had been very successful and had joined us only a couple of hours before. They reported that the enemy soldiers were very disciplined, and very good with weapons, but not at home in the wilds of the mountains. Just like all the others. 

The captain had asked Scar to take me to my perch. I left my healer's bag in a safe spot near were we had gathered, and we made our way along the top of the pass. All I was carrying was a couple of blankets; it would be a cold night. At places the ground was broken and we had to jump over crevices and climb over big boulders. Then we came to the pinnacle, and we climbed up to my perch. It was a short climb, but steep. I was proud that Scar only had to help me in a couple of places. Finally we climbed over the top of pinnacle and found my small perch. 

The view was stunning, even though the sun was nearly fully gone by this stage. This side of the pinnacle had a vertical drop straight down to the valley far below. Sitting at the front of my perch, I would be able to see almost everything in the valley and around the top of the pass. I could see the dark scar of the trail running down from the pass. Turning my eye's further down the pass, I could see the fires burning where the army was camped down the pass. It was a stunning view, and I found it terrifying. I shuddered, I would be here, alone, for a night, and then at least most of a day, whatever happened the next day. If I didn't fall off. 

I sat down, in my meditation pose, and shut my eyes. I had to master this fear, I had to push it behind me. I remembered what the captain had said about facing my fears and overcoming them. This would be my ultimate test. I didn't know whether I was ready, how I could do this. But I knew that I had no choice, there was no one else and I had to do my bit. 

I opened my eyes. Scar was standing over me, he looked hesitant. I wasn't sure what he was waiting for, he needed to leave and find his own spot before it was too dark. I said so, and then his face fell. I guess he had been working himself up to say something, but now all we had was a stony silence. He stood watching me for a few moments, and then climbed back over the pinnacle. 

What was that about? I felt sad. Since the time that the assassin had nearly killed me, my feelings for Scar had grown stronger, but it been harder and harder to figure out where I stood with him. I felt as though I should've done better, but I couldn't see how I could truly give myself to him when I was giving myself to all of them. Nor could I see that Scar would want me under those circumstances. For a while it had seemed different, but his reaction when that captain had come and I had looked after him had really shaken that. I hoped that if we both survived, maybe I could have another chance. For now I just felt alone.

Since Scar had left, there hadn't been a faintest sound. It was cold, very cold, and I wondered how I would survive the night. We had to be in place through the night in case the enemy tried to open the pass with a night sortie. The captain had said that he would, if he was the enemy, but they evidently believed the mountains were free. The captain thought that they had spies that had reported that the group had got through before – it was pretty obvious, after all. So I was to watch through the night and alert them if anyone came. I didn't expect to sleep that night. If I did fall asleep, and I rolled over, there was a real risk that I would fall off the side. I wrapped myself in my blankets and tried to relax. 

I waited through the night. A stiff breeze came up, and froze me to my bones. Even with 2 blankets, my own coat and Clonk's coat over that, I was still freezing cold. I wondered how the other men were surviving. I scanned the rim of the pass, and they all seemed to be asleep – they were better protected that I was, and I could wake them if I needed. At least the cold kept me from sleeping. So I sat and thought, wondering what happened. From this high pinnacle there was no way to do anything but watch, and if we were lost there was a reasonable chance that I'd be left here alone, alive. I wondered if this was an additional part of the captains plan? 

As the sun rose, the wind died down, and everything again became perfectly still, there was not a sound. The men awoke and began to wait. They were calm now, an almost serene feeling crept across me. Whatever the day would bring, it would bring, and I could only do my best. When there was enough light, I was once again greeted by the incredible sight of a sea of cloud below us. It came to near the top of the trail, and we could see nothing. I sent an image of this to them all, except Scar, since many of them were hiding out of view of the valley. 

At last I felt movement from the valley. The main army was making it's way towards the top of the valley, and I could feel them spreading out. When they got to the base of the trail over the pass, a small group of them started making their way up the trail, while the rest waited below. By the time they were half way up the trail, I had counted them, there was twenty one men. I could feel their fear – the trail was narrow and the cloud was thick around them. As they made it to the top, I let the captain know. The whole squad was gathered at the top of the trail waiting for them. 

I held my breath as they crested the pass, waiting for the killing to begin. But nothing happened, they gathered at the top, catching their breath and talking to each other. In the eerie silence I could hear their voices for real. I wondered what the captain was thinking, what had become of his vow, but all I could feel from the men was that same serene patience. 

The scouts began to separate, some going forwards, and a couple going back down the pass. All of a sudden everything burst into life. I saw the squad rising out of the ground around them, all armed with bows. They got off several arrows each, and by the time the enemy soldiers had started to respond, they were all dead. The trap had been sprung, and we had won the first round. In addition, the main army down at the foot of the cliff would have no idea what had happened. I could feel that some of the scouts were still alive, that same dying feel that still filled my mouth with ashes. I steeled myself, I would be feeling that a lot today, better them than my boys. The squad killed those still alive with swords, and tossed the bodies off the other side of the pass. I guess they wanted to spring the same trap again.

Down below I could feel the restless waiting, they were waiting for the scouts to come back. The army was spread out, some where still back at the camp, but they were starting to gradually gather in the huge field at the bottom of the trail, as the captain had hoped. 

After a short wait, another group of scouts set off up the pass. I could feel their fear and wariness, I didn't think that we'd be able to pull such a trick as the first time. This time, when they started to come out of the cloud, they froze, and a small group of soldiers walked the last little section of the trail together. At set points, a soldier would stop and wait. At first I wondered what they were doing, and then I realised, they were maintaining visual contact, but were spread out too far to get caught in any ambush. I was impressed, and cast an image of what they were doing to the squad. 

Two soldiers made it to the top of the trail, and as they went forwards to look over the far side of pass, the others started following but maintaining their rough position. Suddenly I heard one of the leading soldiers cry out, and he stooped down to look at the ground. All of a sudden all hell broke loose. The squad jumped up and killed the few soldiers in reach of their bows, and started chasing them back down the path. They killed many, but several got away and headed back down the trail, while the others gave their lives to make sure they got away. 

Open battle was at last joined. A few moments after those three soldiers got to the bottom of the trail, I felt a stream of soldiers heading up the trail. I let the squad know, keeping track of their progress. This time, as the enemy approached the top, the archers stood in the open in and killed the soldiers as they entered the killing zone. This was the last part of the trail, where it was really the only choice, there was just no other way to approach the top other than smooth vertical cliff with no handholds, and there was a higher cliff face overlooking the trail so that we could fire at them, but they couldn't fire back. In addition, the trail was very narrow at this point, just wide enough for a horse. For an hour or more the enemy tried to reach the top of the trail, but the killing zone was something they could just not penetrate. 

For this part of the battle I was just a spectator. There was nothing I could do except watch. I was supposed to warn if the enemy tried any tricks, but they'd tried nothing. While the fighting was going on, I could feel the day warming, the cloud thinning, and the enemy bunching up at the foot of the trail. Finally, they withdrew back down the trail. There was no point pursuing them, the trail was effectively blocked by dead men and horses and slippery with blood. More than a few men had died simply by slipping off the trail. The captain and his men let out a cry of victory. 

Within a few minutes of this, the cloud finally completely disappeared quite suddenly. Suddenly I could see the army below, and they could look up at the pass above and see the bodies spread out on the rocks and cliffs below the top of the trail. 

For a while, nothing happened, and the enemy soldiers slowly moved back down the trail. I could feel the happiness from the squad; we had one the first battle without even any casualties. But that was the easy first battle. Now they could see what they were facing. 

As I looked down I could see a huge army gathering at the base of the trail. My heart fell. The trail seemed like an easy position to hold, but this was a vast army. As I watched, I could also see them forming into divisions and I could hear their chanting and trumpets, but I could also feel their fear and dismay. I got a chill as I felt their fears, these soldiers weren't really different to us, and they had families they were concerned for too. But it didn't matter, we still had to kill them, or they would kill us.

All of a sudden, they started heading in all directions, approaching the walls of the cliff, trying to climb anywhere they could. I sent this message to the squad, but they had seen it for themselves, and I watched them spreading out along the top of the cliff to their prearranged spots. 
