 Author's note:

How can it possibly take so long to get the opening right? Set scene, get to the sex. It shouldn't be so hard.

This will have to be the swan-song for the Alone in Space series, I think. If it wasn't obvious enough that the series had hit its limit when I had to have two participants in two stories, the amount of time it took me to write this has confirmed it.

These stories where little pieces that I banged out (get it? Ha. Ha. Ha) when I felt like it. This one had to be forced out, so there's not likely to be more of Jade, I'm afraid to say.

If people like these little stories, please let me know through public or private comments and I will put more machines in more of my other stories :)

#

Jade thunked two bottles heavily down onto the tabletop, managing to spill something out of each.

"Do you have to fucking do that?" Cass asked, irritated. The shorter pilot, slightly stockier than Jade and with breasts actually visible inside her slightly baggy regulation coverall, licked beer off the side of the bottle and swallowed half the contents in one gulp.

"Yes I fucking do," Jade said, somehow managing to drink half her bottle at the same time.

Cass ignored the response. "I'll lay odds on that the prick who caused that little speech was that slimy shit "

Jade chimed in, in unison, "Chris."

For the first time in two years, all Company pilots had been at the base at the same time. Their Captain had taken the opportunity to read them the riot act on treatment of non-flying colleagues, and Jade had been waiting on being named until assault had been mentioned - she was pretty sure that she had never actually thumped anybody.

"How many times have you had him try and grope you?" Cass asked as Jade swallowed the other half of her beer, leaned perilously back on her chair to the small fridge and fished out another two, expertly knocking the caps off against the side of the table before slamming them down with, this time, slightly less spillage.

"I did not break his wrist the first time he tried it," Jade replied flatly, "But the little fucker never tried it again. He just tried bad-mouthing me around the base."

Cass stared at her open-mouthed. "Hey, was that you when he ..."

"I have never punched a colleague," Jade said after a quick swallow, "No matter how much he might have deserved it."

"Or broken their wrist?"

"Or broken their wrist."

"What about dropped them off the side of a gantry into a kitchen rubbish bin?"

"That wasn't assault, the little fucker slipped."

Cass howled with laughter, and swigged half of her second beer. "What are we going to fucking do with you?" she asked between dying chuckles.

"Well, I know what I'm going to fucking do with you," Jade said matter-of-factly as she drank from her bottle.

"Wha?" asked Cass, wondering why her voice was slurring.

"I've been on this fucking station for a fucking month with no fucking action and piss-poor fucking toys, and YOU, girl, made the mistake of telling me one of your fantasies last time we met up."

Cass, who hadn't been awake long enough to hear the end of the sentence, finished her boneless slump to the ground.

Jade stared at her with satisfaction, and finished her beer. "Fucking A," she said.

#

Cass dreamed that she was strapped into her chair on her ship, spread-eagled and with a vibrating dildo buried deep inside her. She wondered, vaguely, why nothing else was happening to her, because the dildo was making her whole body itch for the other toys, and she could do with pincers on her nipples, right about now.

Then she woke up as quickly as someone with her regimented fitness could be expected to, and was in time to see Jade casually toss the antidote syringe into a waste chute.

"Where the fuck did you get drugs like that from?" she asked violently, but with an aroused catch in her voice.

"Lab tech in Medical had blue balls."

"You fucked a lab tech just to get me laid out?"

"No, I sucked a lab tech to get you laid."

Cass suddenly realised that she should have been paying more attention.

She was naked, and tied snugly in a cross pattern to Jade's bed, and she did indeed have a gently vibrating dildo inside her, and she was as horny as hell.

"What the fuck?" she asked, as she stared in disbelief at the electrical cord snaking towards her pussy.

Quick as lightning, Jade lashed her across the breasts with a leather belt, causing shooting pains from both nipples. "Quiet, bitch!" she shouted.

Startled, Cass shut up, wondering if she wasn't still dreaming after two weeks of near abstinence. It was only then that she noticed that Jade's lean, ropey body bore not a single stitch of clothing.

Jade pointed the buckle of the belt at her face. "A year ago," she began, "You told me that you got really horny at the thought of getting tied to a bed and raped by another woman. So," this time the whip caught her across her hips, stinging her pussy lips. "Call me Mistress, bitch!"

The pain felt real enough to be awake, but either a lingering fog from the drug or the confusion of being so horny made reality a slippery thing to get hold of. "Wha..."

She was drowned out by Jade jamming a bundle of fabric between her jaws.

She could taste woman and knew, without even recognising the distinctive uniform fabric, that she had panties in her mouth. She also knew that they had to be Jade's.

Lust and the remorseless buzzing between her legs won out over confusion and anger. Her head dropped back and her back arched.

"Good little slut!" Jade crowed, triumphantly, "For that, you get a reward!"

What reward? Cass wondered fuzzily, then screamed through the fabric in her mouth as she felt the firm, cold steel jaws of a company clothes-pin close about her clitoris.

"We have so few fucking TOYS here," Jade said conversationally as Cass breathed in and out forcefully, the pain from her clitoris settling into a throbbing, exquisitely painful pulse of pleasure. "So we're going to have to improvise."

She dropped the belt and held up two more clothes pegs, opening and then letting them snap shut.

Cass closed her eyes, knowing exactly where they were going, her nipples cringing in anticipatory pain.

She was wrong.

When they closed on the insides of her thighs, right up near her cunt, she nearly leapt off the bed, screaming through the gag. 

The next two tightened over her pussy lips, one on either side of the base of the wired vibrator inside her, and tears of pain squeezed from her eyes even as her hips jerked upwards in a burst of lust.

Then two closed over her nipples, squeezing the flesh of the aureoles not the even more sensitive flesh of the nipples themselves but still, with pain and shock combined, causing her to scream hard enough to all but eject Jade's panties from her mouth.

Before she recovered, and blinked the tears of pain from her eyes, two more grabbed the sides of her breasts. Then two more, then another two. Six in all encircled each breast before Jade was finished.

Cass was in agony, her breasts a sea of red, her nipples twin spikes of searing white, her clit and her cunt throbbing. But the vibrator, the tightly stretched helpless openness of her position and the inescapable taste and scent of Jade in her mouth kept her so achingly aroused that every line of pain was merely another goad to her lust.

Then Jade stepped onto the bed and walked up until she could kneel down with her glisteningly wet cunt above Cass' face. She reached down and yanked her panties from out of Cass' mouth, said "Your mouth needs to be doing something useful, slut," and dropped down until her pussy was a more complete gag than the panties had been.

Cass gave into instinct, and started licking.

Jade leaned backwards, reached behind herself to find the base of the vibrator where it protruded from Cass' cunt, felt, and twisted.

The buzzing went from a slow, steady and relentless grind upon Cass' will to a violent assault upon her sex. She arched off the bed anew, screaming into Jade's cunt, breathing so hard that she felt sucked onto Cass' face.

Jade's hand scrabbled beside the bed and came up with two medical forceps. She opened them with a click, closed them on her own nipples and pulled straight outwards.

She barely noticed as Cass climaxed, bucking beneath her, orgasmic screams muffled by her increasingly wet cunt.

She stretched her breasts forwards, dragging them behind her nipples, as Cass tried to plead for mercy, to get away from the wild vibrating in her pussy but only succeeded in driving Jade wild with the movements of her face.

Cass was driven past pain towards another orgasm, her tongue getting tired but even more eager to please.

Jade began humping her face, rocking backwards and forwards, trying to rub her clit against Cass' nose, squeezing the forceps tighter and pulling harder, screaming pain from her nipples making her cunt burn with need until she exploded, nearly drowning the trapped pilot beneath her.

Cass choked, swallowed, and screamed again as her second orgasm was torn from her. 

Jade rolled sideways, misjudging and rolling entirely off the bed, landing on the floor with a bump and starting to laugh hysterically as Cass, sobbing with part pain and part delirium, choked out "Please can you turn this vibrator off, now?"

"No," Jade said as she levered herself off the floor using the side of the bed, wiping tears from her eyes. "I want to see how long you last."

"What?" Cass asked, wide-eyed with disbelief, then arched her back and screamed as Jade reached out and pinched her clit, making her cum again, body shaking.

"Please don't," Cass gasped out, her voice growing ragged, but her eyes weren't open to see Jade slide around the end of the bed, lower herself, and suck Cass' clit into her mouth, letting it slip out long enough to say "Mmm, girl-cum," before dropping back again.

It took slightly longer for Cass to cum this time, with Jade trying to suck the skin from her clit, but although she was sounding exhausted, her pilot-fit body still responded strongly.

"Oh fuck," she moaned when the quakes had subsided. "Please stop making me cum!"

"No," Jade said happily. "I'm going to have a shower. I need to depilate, so I'm going to be a while. Enjoy yourself while I'm gone."

The showers were communal, and at the other end of the corridor. Cass' eyes opened wide, fear shocking her out of brain-jangling arousal for long enough to say "You fuck..." before Jade once more gagged her with a pair of panties, this time after rubbing them against her own pussy to get them nice and wet .

Cass convulsed desperately against her bonds again, but couldn't even make them creak as Jade stepped into her coverall and opened the door.

"I'll be about half an hour," she called over her shoulder. "Have fun!"

Cass, in the grip of another orgasm, didn't even hear her.