 Author's note: Well, look at that. Another one, and after I promised not to. I'm such a bad boy I need to be tied up and spanked.

I said I probably wouldn't write any more of these because I had run out of ideas.

Well: Come the idea, ejaculate the story. 

#

In the quiet of the control room, a gentle glow drifting from the instrument panel reassured the air that everything was fine: The life-support systems were well within operational parameters, navigation was not detectably incorrect at this distance to destination, and the pilot was located and monitored.

In the corridors, darkness was relieved only by light filtering in from either end.

In the pilot's quarters, the unmade bed was quietly attracting demerit points every half hour.

In the gymnasium, inarticulate grunting mingled with the ripe smell of exertion and the whirring of the machines as Jade worked towards mandated targets.

The Wolfhound was on its way to a remote frontier, carrying the most precious and most compact of supplies - a complete medications library, a synthesiser, and a wide selection of backup medications.

The world it was heading towards had been settled out of the necessity to have a ground-based staging post in a mineral-rich system, not because it was a desirable place to live.

It was Company policy that all pilots headed to frontier worlds were held to elevated fitness and strength standards. The fact Jade was on this run at all was thanks to a fitness clearance she had highly disagreed with.

It meant she was pushed harder every day, and the exercises left her so tired she was barely able to use her quota of recreational time.

It was hard to be aroused when all the oxygen in your blood was being sent to your muscles, which were burning.

In her sour moments of down-time, she thought nasty thoughts about management doing it deliberately in order to keep her frustrated.

She had tried to argue the computer into combining recreation and exercise, but it was being unusually implacable, even for it.

So, most of her sessions on the machines she wanted to use were short and unsatisfying. She just didn't have the energy left to last long enough to have fun.

She was barely even swearing throughout the exercises, which satisfied the computer's simple parameters. 

She did, however, have a high-G kickboxing session scheduled for later that day, and a longer than usual rest before it, and was looking forward to that. At least she would be able to work out some aggression, even if she couldn't work out any frustration.

Behind her head, deliberately out of view, a strip-meter was well into the green range as her targeted performance improvements were outstripped by her actual performance improvements.

The computer wasn't allowed to tell her this - it was company policy that any personnel on a performance improvement curve were driven hard without knowing the goalposts or where they were in relation to them. 

That didn't make Jade feel any better but, as nobody responsible for the policy had ever been a pilot, it didn't surprise her much either.

There was a beep to indicate the end of a rep. The machines gradually faded down to no resistance, then neatly folded themselves away. Jade slumped, her arms and pectorals burning and sweat glistening dully in the flat lighting, and tried to get back to normal breathing.

Another beep and a sign flashing on the wall told her to run through the post-exercise stretching. 

With a snarl, she slid to the floor and started.

#

In the control room, a console that had been showing a constant blank screen for a month developed a blip on one side a split second before a piercing siren began playing throughout the entire craft.

Jade, who was lying on the gymnasium floor with her ankles spread in a perfect 180-degree split, hips on the floor and her legs directly out to the side, swore more out of disbelief than irritation.

"SHUT THAT FUCKING THING OFF!"

The computer didn't even bother primly pointing out it was merely trying to get her attention, and that finally shocked her into action.

She was running when she hit the gym door and left gravity, soaring up towards the ceiling and using the momentum to get grip to catapult her towards the next door and the stretch towards the bridge.

The radar screen was flashing for attention as she flew through the bridge door. 

She floated in mid-air, staring in disbelief. 

An SOS? Out here? Where the fuck did that come from?

"Ship? What the fuck?"

"The signal is of Company origin, Jade."

"The Company has lost a ship and didn't know where it was?"

The ship was silent.

"Ship, are you fucking telling me this is common?"

"I said nothing, Jade."

"I know you fucking didn't, that's the fucking problem."

The ship was silent again.

"Right, what's the fucking protocol?"

"You are required to dock and investigate, Jade."

Jade was silent herself this time, breathing slowly and deliberately.

"You are required ..."

"Shut the fuck up, I heard you. Alright, change course. I'm going to take a shower."

She stripped off her exercise clothing on the way to the bathroom, where she scrubbed her naked body violently, trying to work out her anger at the Company and its fucked-up greediness.

Cargo ships do not take kindly to changing course or speed, and generally need prior notice. The Wolfhound complained constantly as it was forced to curve around towards the emergency beacon. 

When it finally docked, Jade was even more annoyed, but at least there had been time for her to get some energy back.

Her regulation overalls went over regulation underwear, and her rarely-used regulation spacesuit over that. 

She had a sidearm. She had been trying to forget about that. In her experience, even on the stations where sidearms were legal (fuck knows why), she could cripple any assailant faster than she could draw a gun. But, she was going into a potentially dangerous situation. So, she was required to carry the sidearm.

"The sidearm must be holstered at all times unless required."

"What the fuck? Are you telling me I don't know what's in there and I can't go in pointing a gun in front of me?"

"That is correct."

"Then why the fuck do I have it?"

"Regulations, Jade."

"Fuck regulations."

"I am required to give you demerit points, Jade."

"Fuck the regulations, fuck you, and fuck your demerit points."

Company cargo ships have flexible docking tubes for ship-to-ship contact in space. The Wolfhound's had never been used, and Jade had a flash of worry that it wouldn't work after so long, but her cynicism about Company maintenance checks was apparently not justified. 

After the tube sealed around the other ship's airlock, Jade manually plugged a probe into the airlock door and waited, impatiently, until her ship had run an atmosphere check.

"The life-support systems appear to be functioning correctly, Jade. There are no particulates detected, and the atmosphere is of correct composition and pressure."

"No sound?"

"There is no indication of life aboard."

"Well, fuck."

The airlock opened. Jade floated inside. The airlock door shut. The airlock filled with atmosphere.

The inner airlock door opened.

The lights were on, and there appeared to be no particular mess or damage.

Jade warily looked up and down the corridor. "Jade, proceed to the medbay."

"Want to fucking tell me why?"

The computer was silent.

Cursing it under her breath, Jade headed off down the corridor.

The pilot was in the medbay.

She was naked, and mummified. There were no obvious external signs of injury.

"Want to tell me what she died of?"

"The records are unclear. It may have been coronary failure or a stroke. Automated attempts to revive the pilot were not appear successful. There was no record of illness prior to this."

"Please run another air test."

"I have been running continuous testing. There still appear to be no particulates in the air. Screening at atomic scale indicates only oxygen and nitrogen."

"No carbon dioxide?"

"The pilot has been dead long enough for all detectable traces to be removed."

"I don't like that 'detectable'." 

"I am required to not make absolute statements where there is any trace of doubt."

"So there may be pathogens?"

"My assessment is that there are not."

"Right."

Jade began undoing her helmet.

"Jade ..."

"Shut the fuck up."

"Jade, regulations ..."

"I am fucking uncomfortable inside this. If it's safe for me to be outside this, I fucking will be."

With the helmet off, a cautious sniff revealed no unpleasant odours. In fact, the air smelled a lot cleaner than her own ship, simply because there had not recently been someone living in it.

She clipped her communicator to her overalls.

"How long ago did this happen?"

The computer said nothing.

"Ship, stop fucking sulking. How long ago did this happen?"

"At least two years."

"Two years and not collected. Terrific."

Jade floated out of the medbay, towards the bridge. All systems were dormant, but operational. She was careful not to touch anything, in case there was a short, but nothing appeared damaged in any way - broken or scorched.

Ships are only programmed to respond to one voice, so she didn't try speaking to it.

She headed to the sleeping quarters. It looked much like her room - unmade bed, clothes only as tidy as they needed to be.

In the gymnasium, the recreational equipment - what Jade referred to as "the fun bits" were deployed, and the exercise equipment stowed. Hers consisted of articled arms. This one consisted of a dangling mass of tentacles, all of them covered in transparent synthetic skin.

"Kinky. Well, I hope she died happy," Jade muttered.

The door behind her closed.

Jade twisted in mid-air. "What the fuck?"

"I am not sure, Jade, the computer is not responding."

"Well fucking make it -"

A tentacle suddenly hooked around her waist. She didn't even have time to start saying "What the fuck?" before it jerked her violently backwards.

Other tentacles whipped around her wrists and ankles before she had a chance to react, lifting her in a cross shape. She wrenched at them, but only succeeded in bruising her wrists. The tentacles tightened, stretching her joints. Gravity came back with a stomach-clenching suddenness.

"Ship!"

Another tentacle swooped in front of her, unfolding a cutting tip. "Oh, you are fucking kidding me."

Her overalls were neatly slit from neck to crotch. 

"Ship! What's going on?"

"There appears to be a malfunction of the equipment's AI. I am attempting -"

The voice in her ear abruptly stopped as the communicator was pulled off.

"SHIP!"

Her overalls were comprehensively shredded, falling to the ground as strips of fabric, leaving only the bits trapped by the tentacles around her wrists and ankles. Her boots were removed, followed by her socks. 

The cutting tentacle reappeared in front of her, hovering, then dipped towards her chest. 

"Hey, I think you're cute and all, but we've only just met!"

It smoothly slid underneath the strip between her bra cups, then pulled outwards until the fabric parted either side of the blade. It slit the shoulder straps quickly, so the bra fell off. 

"I suppose I should be thankful your calibrations are still good."

She instinctively tried to jump when something round pressed into her pubis from underneath, but there wasn't enough slack for her to even twist her hips. 

It pressed the fabric of her panties against her lips before beginning to gently vibrate. 

"Oooh! You couldn't buy me a drink first, could you?"

Two more vibrating tentacles pressed against her calves, then slid slowly upwards, twining about her legs as the - she had to admit it - delicious buzzing massaged her thighs inside and out, her buttocks, then up over her kidneys, around to her belly, then up towards her breasts. 

"I know exactly what this pilot had in her video library, don't I?" There was a gasp in Jade's voice. The buzzing against her groin was just too familiar.

The vibrating tips moved over her tiny breasts, pressing against her and pushing against her nipples, which, helped by a significant burst of adrenaline, were traitorously thickening.

"Oh, god dammit!"

The persistent buzzing against her groin was making it hard to stay focussed. The dildo-like heads buzzing against her nipples made her shiver, which reminded her body how it usually felt when it shivered like that, which made her wet, which made the buzzing against her lips feel too much like what she wanted, which -

Suddenly, her eyes widened as she remembered. "Hey! Override! Stop!"

A deep, masculine, voice said "Your voice is not recognised. Override rejected."

The voice had been so resonant her whole body had vibrated with it. That had to be deliberate.

"Emergency stop! Safety risk!"

"Your authority is not recognised. You've been a very naughty girl."

The speaker seemed to be right behind her buttocks, sending vibrations straight through her belly and her groin.

"Fucking what?"

A slender tentacle wrapped around her neck then over her face, forcing her head up. 

"Naughty girls should stop speaking."

It was open her mouth, or have her teeth broken.

The dildo was the most accurately modelled false cock Jade had ever swallowed. She preferred her machines to be machines, but this pilot had preferred her machines to taste and smell pungently masculine. It made her head spin as she hurriedly opened her throat to avoid choking.

With that distraction, she didn't notice that the tentacle at her groin had pulled away - until smaller tentacles slid inside her panties, wrapped around them, and ripped, tearing the fabric roughly to leave her - not that it made much difference - entirely exposed.

The vibrating tips at her breasts pulled away, twisted around, and pressed firmly against her nipples, pushing almost painfully hard into her chest. If her throat wasn't full, she would have groaned.

A different tip slid over her groin. She could tell it was shaped like a cock, with thick veins and a fully formed head.

She was oozing slightly by now, the vibration, the situation, and taste and smell too much for her to resist. Panic had turned to fantasy.

The tentacle pulled away. She felt a spurt of warm, thick, slimy liquid hit her hard, right over her vulva, a rude slap that made her even hornier. Slightly hysterically, she thought "Well, that was a bit quick," but the dildo immediately pushed into her, the fresh lubricant letting her part so easily she felt no friction at all.

The tentacle in her mouth pulled out to release a long and heartfelt "OH FUCK," as the spongy head of the dildo in her pussy split her lips wide apart and then stretched her walls without ceremony or attempting to warm her up first.

She squealed as it bumped into her limit, the solid steel core of the dildo threateningly present inside the cock-shaped sheath.

"Recalibrating," the voice said, with so much bass in it her entire body resonated.

All Jade could do was groan helplessly, then shudder and gasp as the dildo slid almost all the way out then back in again, this time stopping just at the perfect point. 

"Tell me, dirty girl," the voice said from what seemed to be a point just behind her left ear, the harmonics turning what was left of her brain to mush, "Have you ever had a cock up your arse?"

All pretence at resistance had dribbled down her thighs. "Yes."

"You filthy, filthy, slut."

A mercifully smaller dildo pressed against the entrance to her arse. She automatically tried to open for it, but in the position she was in, there wasn't a lot she could do. This time it didn't shoot a spurt of lubricant onto her - it oozed, coating the cleft between her buttocks before it pushed smoothly until her flesh parted to admit it.

Another shudder rocked her body.

"Oh, you are perverted, aren't you?"

When the dildo was buried deep inside her arse, it began vibrating. The sensation went through her hips and belly, and made her quiver around the huge dildo in her cunt.

She began whimpering with need.

A smaller tentacle dipped in front of her face. The end split, showing a wetly pink mouth lined with small teeth. It clamped over her nose, making her open her mouth wide. The hovering cock in front of her mouth dived back in. It hadn't been necessary to make her swallow. But it had been in the script.

The cock pushed into her throat then stayed there, while the mouth kept gripping her nose closed.

She began to struggle before she ran short of oxygen. The dildo in her cunt began to move around, pushing at her insides. 

Stars appeared in front of her eyes. She began to struggle in earnest.

She was almost passing out when the dildo suddenly pulled out of her mouth. 

Her lungs worked like bellows, her mouth wide open while her nose was still clamped shut.

The dildo plunged back into her mouth again. She wrenched at the tentacles holding her limbs, not moving them at all.

The dildo pulled out again. 

The tentacles pressed into her breasts suddenly retracted, leaving her nipples throbbing. 

Her eyes rolled down as far as they could. She could barely see two smaller tentacles rear up, the ends splitting to reveal tiny mouths.

"Oh god -"

They bit viciously down onto her nipples, making her scream.

"Recalibrating."

The pain lessened, but did not go away. They tugged, gently, then harder. That was more like her machines. That made her feel like the helpless, trapped, responsive thing of flesh that she recognised.

"Recalibrated. You have weak, pathetic nipples."

Oh god, even that made her hornier.

"How pathetic is your clit?"

Her eyes opened wide a second before another mouth clamped onto her swollen clit. She screamed, but it was more in expectation than reality. The machine had taken her measure perfectly.

At some point, her nose had been released. The machine began fucking her mouth again, while the mouths attached to her nipples and clitoris began tugging, twisting and jerking. The huge cock in her pussy began fucking her. The one in her arse continued vibrating.

In a haze of lust and forced sensations, she tasted something on her tongue, a fake pre-cum oozed from the cock that was pushing in and out of her throat. 

The taste was far too familiar. Her eyes widened in horror. They outlawed that! 

She could almost feel it seep into her bloodstream, then her mind. She tried to struggle again, but was just as helpless in the face of her arousal as she was against the tentacles.

A red mist of hunger descended. When the cock in her mouth withdrew enough to squirt more drugged liquid down her throat, she swallowed it hungrily.

Her first orgasm exploded through her entire body. The machines did not stop.

With the drug oozing into her blood, she began mindlessly trying to hump the dildo inside her. She didn't notice when the tentacles relaxed so she could.

Her second orgasm came quickly.

"Such a filthy slut," the voice rumbled, her body vibrating.

Her third orgasm came soon after that.

The dildo in her mouth withdrew to squirt a mixture of stimulant, nutrition, and just a little more of the drug.

She came again.

The tentacles moved to rotate her onto her back, every one of them moving so smoothly in concert that none of them needed to withdraw. A fat tentacle wound about her waist, holding her securely. Her arms and legs were pulled down, until she was arched sharply backwards, then gently stretched until her torso was at the limit of its flexibility. 

The mouths attached to her nipples tugged outwards, stretching her tiny breasts away from her chest.

She was once more trapped, unable to move, unable to push back against the cock that continued relentlessly fucking her cunt. She sucked greedily on the cock in her mouth through another orgasm.
