 Leo rubbed his eyes. With the morning rush over, he finally had time to remember how exhausted he was. Which was ironic, considering where he worked. The garish yellow that infested the upscale coffee shop's theme was just as irritating as it was when he first started working there about a year ago. Still, many morning commuters flocked to have their sub-par lattes diluted with enough fattening toppings and additives for it to be considered basically a milkshake. As with most retail jobs, the longer he remained employed, the less he cared for the rest of humanity. Well, most of humanity anyway.

There she was again. Scarlet red hair draped over an elegant summer dress. Polka-dots this time, white ones on black. Her ample chest almost aching to be free of a slightly too small bra. Slender fingers stuck between the pages of a hardcover book on Renaissance architecture. She was probably a student...or maybe she's just well-read? Her name was Claire, he knew that. When she ordered her tall-black-one sugar, he had it written out on with marker on the cup. It was a daily struggle not to put a little happy face on the i: the ultimate in creepy barista technology.

"You're staring again."

A jolt of adrenaline shot through Leo as he looked around. It was just Ada, not his boss or anything. He sighed relief. 

"Jesus, you startled me." He said, then looked down to see what exactly he was supposed to be doing, he thought. Oh, yes. Sweeping. He started sweeping again.

Ada frowned. "Why don't you just ask her out on a date?"

"No I...no." He shook his head, letting his eyes slide to his reflection in the glass refrigerator next to him. He was nothing special to look at. At least he was slim, he had that going for him. But he wasn't fit, barely able to handle the minimal amount of lifting his job entailed. He was short, too. Or at least short for a guy nowadays. He swept his dirty blonde hair back from his eyes. It was getting too long, but he hadn't had the cash to get it cut, and the last time he took the clippers to himself it ended...poorly. Everything he made was going into food, rent, bills, and his massive amounts of debt. Not exactly a winning, panty-dropping combination of attributes.

"Whatever dude." Ada said. She was his only friend in this place, a fellow college dropout and misanthrope. He had short hair she dyed black for reasons he never asked. Strong features, but definitely feminine. He'd broached something more than a friendship early on, but she'd backed out amicably. He'd smiled through it, but it had been yet another emotional kneecapping in a seemingly Mafia-esque beatdown of his self-esteem in recent years. 

It had reached a breaking point when, six months ago, he'd been approached by a fairy. Not like, a slur against gay dudes. An actual member of a celestial bureaucracy that apparently revolved, at least partially, around boning. She'd offered him a night of consequence-free sex in an idealized version of his body. He'd taken it, and met a nice MILFy brunette who was into Some Strange Things. He'd enjoyed it on the whole. But after the magical effects had worn off...he was left with the fact that nothing had changed. He was still the miserable loser he'd been before, but now he was guaranteed to be a certifiably insane miserable loser. 

The day continued much as it always did. Morning rush gave way to the lunch rush. The lunch rush slowly tapered into the strange I'm-Driving-Home-But-I-Still-Must-Buy-Shitty-Coffee-For-High-Prices rush, but by then Leo's shift was ending. He traded off with the evening crew, packed up his uniform, and left out the back. His bike was there, not stolen or missing one of its tires for a change. He undid the lock.

"Seeya later, Leo!" Ada's voice bounced off the walls of the alley behind the shop. He looked up only to see her waving hand pass by, picked up by her boyfriend and his goddamn electric car.

Son of a bitch.

Ada's SO was not a dick, impartially. As far as Leo knew, he treated her well and had a good job. But for some reason Leo couldn't picture him as anything other than a fascist dictator. Not a Hitler, specifically. Maybe a Franco, or a Petain. It was childish, irrational...but he couldn't help it. Anyone who could pick up Ada so easily had to be evil, right? 

His ride home was uneventful. Construction, near death by inattentive driver, pothole. The usual. He lived on the second floor of a townhouse. Modest would be a kind word, chintzy would be more accurate. At some point, during the Carter administration perhaps, it had been a nice place. Now it was run down, faded wallpaper and creaking floorboards. At least his landlord wasn't a crook. She was a kind old lady, and was understanding when he came up a little short with the rent. Which happened more than he wanted.

He was beat. After a meal of hot sauce, rice, and beans (old family recipe, I assure you) and some casual sketching in his notebook, he passed out. His last conscious sounds for the day were a strangled, exasperated sound: "Ughguughhghuhgh."

***

In the middle of his sleep cycle, he felt a strange, warm sensation around his groin. Slowly emerging into wakefulness, he felt a chilled breeze against his strangely exposed skin.

"Whu...what the hell?" He murmured. From the glare of the streetlight outside his strangely open window, there was the silhouette of a woman. And from the wonderful feelings shooting through his lower half, her mouth was expertly working his cock.

The woman, whoever she was, slid her lips from his shaft with a wet popping sound. "You're awake! Well, that makes this interesting."

He pulled back against the headboard, his hand flinging out to the lamp on his nightstand. He flicked it on, revealing that she was quite attractive. That is, if one ignored the violet colour of her skin, her seething bloodshot eyes, and the fact that she had a pair of jagged horns pushing out of her forehead. A rather impressive pair of tits just barely restrained by some leather bodice getup. He'd be flattered if he was in the mood for being sexually assaulted. "You got ten seconds before I choose between calling the cops, or tossing you out on your freaky ass myself."

"I suppose I should introduce myself, now that I've sucked on your funbits. Mercy's the name." She held out a hand. Leo took it with some reluctance. In the lamplight, he saw a pair of shapes moving behind her. Wings, almost, though much too small to provide any lift. That and the horns...

"Holy shit, are you a demon?" He asked, almost as a formality.

Mercy gave a playful dismissive gesture. "Guilty as charged! You found me out mortal. Guess I'd better be on the move before you call the local inquisitor...you guys still do inquisitors, right?"

Leo gave a shrug.

The demon-lady stood up and looked like she was actually just going to leave out the open window. "But," she purred, "I might have a deal that you'd be interested in."

"Oh no, I'm not listening. Avaunt and quit my sight, foul servant of the man-goat!" Leo announced in his best radio voice, adding theatrical hand motions to great effect. He finished by pointing toward the open window.

"Ugh, what a killjoy. Though you're taking this whole 'appearance of a demon thing' pretty well, I must say." Mercy noted.

"It's not my first expose to your kind, sort of. I had a visit by a fairy lady. Offered me a night of consequence-free sex, didn't turn out to be the psychological salve that she had presumed it was."

Mercy's brow furrowed. "Oh. I see. One of those." Her voice dripped venom. Apparently there was no love lost between demons and fae.

"Anyways, I'm not interested in any deals, or tricks, or cursed objects or whatever. Just go and blow someone else. There's no helping me."

The succubus thought for a moment, then decided to stay. She sat on the window sill, wings fluttering a little in the breeze. "I guess you're kind of down on yourself right now. Feeling powerless...hopeless even?"

He nodded. "Yeah, self-loathing is the name of the game. I doubt a night of...whatever the hell you had planned would fix that. Sorry."

"What if what I had to offer wasn't in place for a night. What if it was permanent? What if I could give you control of your life...for good?"

Leo perked up. Against his better judgement, he motioned for her to continue. 

"Well, as a member of the divinely-challenged, I have access to more...invasive...controls on reality. We're basically agents of chaos, after all. Anything that messes with the natural order is a big thumbs up from the man down stairs."

"What would this entail?"

Mercy approached the bed again. "Okay, so I'm going to throw something out there, and you can just turn me down if it has no interest to you: Mind Control." She whispered, spreading out her hands like she had just proposed an exciting future as a knife salesman.

"Mind Control?" He repeated.

"Mind Control." She confirmed.

"Isn't that unethical?"

"Extremely! It's an abominable betrayal of trust and a desecration of the concept of free will. But...it's your power. You can take whatever you want. Want to pay off your debt? Go down to the bank and get the teller to deposit some stock-broker's account into yours. Want a new place? Kindly request some hack reality TV star to get their ass out the door."

"And if I wanted to have sex with someone, I'd just have to ask, right? No possibility of rejection?"

Mercy gave him a playful punch on the shoulder. "Now you're getting it! Yeah, basically the world will become a carnal buffet. Fuck anyone, any time, any place."

"And you get, what? Syphon off my sexual energy while I do my thing?"

She barred her teeth. An uncomfortable amount of them looked like fangs. "Something like that. Here, let me get the paperwork."

A roll of parchment appeared in a spark of fire, written in some nearly illegible Gothic font. When he looked closer, some of the passages appeared to be in German. Others were in something older. A language that didn't even use Latin characters, and whose text seemed to slither impatiently on the page. Mercy held out a quill she'd gotten from...somewhere. The feather part looked much too large to have come from a bird.

"What the...I can't even read most of this." He said. But Mercy brushed it off.

"It's a pretty standard contract. Just give me your John Handcock...Hardcock...signature, and we'll get this started." Her attention had drifted down to his crotch, still wet with her saliva. She was a succubus after all.

Leo rolled the idea around in his head. Yeah, so his first journey into supernatural escapism had been a bust. But it had also been harmless. And now Mercy was offering power, the kind he had never felt before. Power over his own life. He wouldn't hurt anybody...not really. Just some fun, and he'd make them forget afterwards. No harm, no foul. What did he really have to lose?

He signed it. The ink was dark red, because of course it was. As he lifted the quill, he felt his vision fade.

"W-whu-" He managed, before flopping back on the pillow. A black cloud filled his vision, and he slipped out of consciousness.

***

As the haze faded from his view, Leo found himself in the coffee shop once more. He looked down at his hands, wiggling his fingers. Things felt normal enough. But he felt something new in his brain, like a whole new limb stretching itself for the first time.

"Hey dope," Ada said, appearing from the back, "You gonna start stocking the front display or what?"

Leo gave a slight smile. He pushed out with that new feeling, testing the waters. "Why don't you do it?" 

Ada was about to respond, but her face went blank. Almost as if pulled by some invisible force, she walked to the back, pulled out a tray of drinks, and returned. 

"Wha...what is..." She stammered as she dutifully filled the display. Leo felt good...better than he had felt in ages. He felt powerful, confident. His words had power. He had control of the situation.

"None of this feels unusual. This is just how things normally are, isn't that right?" He pushed. Ada's demeanor changed back to tired acceptance. He walked around the counter, corrupt thoughts pouring into his mind. He looked down at her pert ass, his cock rapidly hardening in his boxers.

"You don't need pants. They aren't a part of the uniform." 

Ada nodded, casually slipping her slacks to the ground. Her panties were bright orange, not something he would have pictured her wearing. But oh lord, those subtle curves. He was getting a little light-headed at how easy this was. The sexual tension that it seemed only he felt was going to melt away.

"You're going to let me touch you. Friends let other friends touch each other all the time." He whispered as his hands slid into her blouse. He cradled her firm, B cups over her bra. Squeezing gently, he could help but start kissing the nape of her neck. His throbbing erection pressed up against her rear, Leo began losing himself to this almost unearthly lust.

"Ugh, c'mon Leo. I'm trying to work here." She said, seemingly not put out by feeling his rock-hard shaft poking close to her back door. 

"I know, I know. It's a shame we've never done anything about that massive crush you have on me, isn't it?"

The words hit her like a freight train. As she processed them, he felt her almost melt into his embrace.

"Oh god Leo I...n-not here...I have to...mph~" She could only moan, her higher functions shutting down as her new long-unrequited love slid his right hand experimentally into her underwear. His fingers drifted along the slight stubble between her legs, meeting her moistening slit. He gave a little chuckle as he saw her unconsciously widen her stance. He fingered her for a while, savouring her soft gasps and moans.

"I'm...god I'm so wet...please..."

"Please, what?" He chided.

"Please...fuck me..." Ada's face was beet-red, but she clearly couldn't take his teasing any more.

"Good girl. Play with your tits a little while I get ready." He commanded, sliding her bra out of position. She abandoned the pretence of stocking the display now, her own hand going to work on her erect nipples. He loosened his belt and slid down his own pants, unwilling to let a potentially painful zipper burn get in the way of this perfect moment. He rubbed his tip against her lower lips, prodding her, while making sure his rod was coated with enough of her juices to make this easy.

"Ready?" He asked, though it was more of a statement in this case.

"Yeah...I have a boyfriend, why am I-Ahh!" Her line of thought was cut off by his powerful thrust. Her pussy was already primed for him, but the suddenness of his entrance made her squeal with a mix of pain and pleasure.

"N-not so rough..." She managed.

"But don't you like the pain?" He said, and she knew it was true. Another wave of shame rolled over her, but it was all washed away by the pleasure as he began to piston himself inside her. His pace was unrelenting, driven only by a year of frustration and primal desire. Ada tried to muffle her voice with her hands, but Leo pulled it away sharply.

"No. You want the whole world to hear your moans. You want everyone to know how hard I'm fucking you."

Ada cried out in response, her body overwhelmed with pleasure. She started grunting like an animal each time he hilted himself inside, losing herself to the rhythm of the act. Her voice raised ever more as the tide of sensation slammed against her. She came, hard. Her pussy convulsed around his length, muscles milking him for all he was worth.

Leo was getting close. He thought for an instant about pulling out, about Ada's well being. But the thought of her lithe body swollen with his child actually pushed him over the edge. He selfishly pushed himself deep inside before letting go, flooding her warmth with his seed. He hugged her close, allowing himself to catch his breath after what felt like a marathon.

"What the hell?" 

Leo turned, cock still buried in Ada's quivering folds. It was her. The amber haired beauty he'd been ogling for god only knows how long. She was dressed in elegant simplicity, a flower pattern sundress that so wonderfully revealed her wide hips. Her chest, always impressive, looked even larger. He realized it was because she wasn't wearing a bra. Naughty thing...

"Stop right there." He commanded. She did, legs froze in place. He pulled out of Ada, cock still rock hard. An effect of his powers, maybe? He didn't mind. He approached the woman he'd never met in real life, a hunger in his soul he'd never felt before.

"You're name is Claire, right? It was always the one you gave for your order. I've written it out dozens of times. Every time I took your order." 

"Yeah..." She said, a little fear crossing her expression, "What's going on here?"

He smiled like a feral animal. "What's going on is that you're going to kneel down and suck me off. And you're going to enjoy it more than anything you've ever done."

Her knees gave out as the command hit home. She appeared to be entranced by the mere sight of his erection. She leaned forward as if drawn by magnetism, her perfect mouth opening only to welcome his head inside. The sensation of her tongue lapping at the underside of his throbbing tip made him weak in the knees too. After licking nearly every part of him, she started to bob her mouth up and down. His hips thrust in time, aiding her task. Her eyes, big as saucers, looked up at Leo. He brushed his hand through her luxurious hair.

"You like this, don't you?" He asked. She gave a slight nod, but didn't stop her work. Sucking with wet, slurping noises, she was trying with all her might to suck his seed right out of him.

"That's because you love my cum. You love how it feels on your skin, you love how it tastes, how it feels inside, you love everything about it. Isn't that right?" He asked rhetorically. He could see the command lock itself inside her subconscious. Her efforts became more frantic, a sudden thirst for something she'd never tasted before overriding all other concerns. 

Even though he'd just shot a few minutes ago, he could feel that familiar straight prepare itself. I guess the deal hadn't given him incredibly stamina. Oh well, the more orgasms the better, he thought.

On the withdraw of one of his thrusts, he pushed her head away. She appeared confused, but not for long. With a grunt, ropes of sticky spunk shot onto her face, one after the other. Claire obligingly stroked him through his orgasm, making sure every drop got out onto her flawless face. She started to scrape it into her mouth, but Leo held her hand.

"Not this time. Pretty little things like you wear cum. It shows everyone what good girls they are." 

She nodded of course, giving him a big, dripping smile. "Thank you Leo. I almost forgot!"

"What about me?" Ada asked impatiently. She had remained naked from the waist down, watching the whole act with rapt attention. Little streaks of his cum and her juices sliding down her thighs.

"Don't worry, you're still a good girl too." He said, pulling Claire off the floor and over to the counter. "And you know what good girls do when their man is busy with another slut? They keep themselves ready for him, of course! So go ahead, rub a few out while I take care of our guest here. The customer comes first, after all!"

Ada agreed of course, pulling herself up onto one of the tables and getting to work. While she teased her clit with an expert's precision, Leo pulled up Claire's dress. Pressing her head down, he bent her over the counter, her heart-shaped ass presented to him for inspection.

"A thong?" He said incredulously, pulling it slightly to the side to expose her other two holes. "I wouldn't have thought you would wear something so lewd. Tell me, you're a whore aren't you?"

Claire blushed, her massive ass shaking expectantly. "It's true, I'm just a filthy slut. I ache to have someone like you fuck me all day. I even stretch out my asshole so I can take dick easier. I'm shameless."
