 An hour after the sun set, fire had been placed in street lamps. A confused sort of determination had swollen in Danetta's throat. She checked on her father, who was in an ale induced sleep, and then she looked for an old pouch of hers that had a cord. She placed her two gold coins inside this pouch, put the cord over her neck, and shoved the pouch into the space between her breasts, under her clothing. She was wearing her average gown. That blue outfit should only be for special occasions.

Danetta walked through the front door of the townhouse and looked about. Nobody seemed interested in her. She chose a path to her left and stuck to it for around ten seconds before someone collided with her. A hand took her arm and steadied her. She looked up.

It was dark, but under the streetlights, Danetta was fairly certain that this man had black eyes. She had to tilt her head up to see them; he was very tall. Long dark hair peeked out from the hood of his cloak, and he was smiling at her.

"I'm sorry. Are you alright?" He released her and stepped back. Then his eyes jolted with recognition. "Oh, you're the girl who returned my purse. Do you remember?"

Danetta had to think for a moment, looking up at his thin face, trying to trace him. Then the memory came. His pouch had fallen from him. She had stopped, picked it up, and returned it to him.

"Yes," she said, curtsying. She didn't want to seem rude. "My name is Danetta Saivio. I'm pleased to meet you, Good Sir."

A quick bow from the man, and then he said, "Udin Turo. Is there anything I can do for you?"

"I'm not sure." Gears were interlocking in her brain. Her eyes narrowed and her fingers laced together before her skirt. "Do you have a particular destination?"

Mr. Turo nodded. "I'm off to the Game Hall."

The face of the old woman who acted like a casual prophet ran over Danetta's vision. She wondered if she was bold enough to keep going. Her placed her fingers at her chest and asked, "Mr. Turo, would you care to escort me to the Game Hall?"

The man gave a loud, uncomfortable sniff. He sounded miserably clogged up. "I don't see the harm in that. You really shouldn't go to such a place alone, anyway." His hand parted his cloak, and Danetta noted the average clothing he wore. He made a gesture suggesting that she should follow him, and she did so with curious thoughts haunting her.

As they walked their way towards the Commerce District, Mr. Turo remained at her side and put her little hand on his arm. While he didn't seem like the sort of man who wrestled with bears, he didn't seem like a weakling either. The muscles of his arm were firm and a little bit intimidating for someone like her.

"Do you live around here?" he asked with a very friendly voice.

"Yes, Sir." She nodded even though he was looking straight ahead.

"I used to live in a castle, can you believe that?"

Danetta rolled her eyes and tried not to smirk. "Are you a destitute aristocrat?"

"Oh no, Miss Saivio. I worked as a servant. It was very nice there, but I decided to leave. I'm not the type to stay in one place for very long."

"Would it be fair to call you an adventurous man?" Danetta looked up at his shadowed profile and wondered if he would take her on an adventure. Maybe he would even marry her? She didn't want to be sold off. The concept of being a purchased bride bothered her. Then again, she didn't want to live in poverty because of her father's mistakes.

"I'd say so, but I'm wondering about you, Miss Saivio." He turned his head and gave her what she thought was an honestly curious look. "Why does such a charming woman want to go the Game Hall?"

"I thought that I might try my luck."

"Are you very skilled with games?"

She shook her head. "No, Sir, but I only plan to wager two gold coins. If I lose them, then I will stop playing."

"Do you need money, Miss Saivio?"

Danetta looked away. She thought that even when hidden in shadow, the man's stare was judgmental.

"I know we're strangers, Miss Saivio, and I know it's rude of me to ask you about your financial situation, but I don't mind helping you to play well in the Game Hall. In fact, I think I already know what you should do after you've finished playing."

Yes, he was a stranger. Yes, she shouldn't trust strangers. However, she was stupid enough to believe a prophecy, desperate enough to forget common sense. Her fingers tightened on Mr. Turo's arm, and she asked, "What do you have in mind?"

"I think that after you've won a bit of gold, and I know you'll win, you should come with me. I'm going to visit my old home and reconnect with my friends there. I'd love to put in a good word for you, so you can find work." His voice was so sweet, so seductive, and Danetta wanted to hear every single word. "The Master there is kind. If you have any problems he would be glad to assist you."

"What is this place?" She was so happy she was almost skipping.

"Castle Adurant, the home of His Grace, Duke Erdgar Adurant, Lord of the Duvanu province."

That was something of a familiar name. She was fairly certain that she knew of a noblewoman who was once betrothed to a man with that name, but she couldn't remember any specifics. She moved some of her loose curls away from her cheek. "Mr. Turo, how would you describe the servants of that estate?"

"They're decent people, or they seemed that way to me, hardworking and happy."

Danetta smiled. Maybe she could run away from her problems and find a life in pleasant servitude. If this duke was kind, then he might be able to hide her from any debt collectors. At the very least, he would be able to give her a way to work off the debt.

***

Mr. Turo was kind enough to serve as an unofficial bodyguard, and he sat beside Danetta at a table where several players were tossing dice about, betting on the outcomes of each roll. Most people were losing. Danetta was discouraged, but her companion told her to remain seated.

Mr. Turo didn't place any bets, and he told Danetta not to place any bets until he gave the word. When it was her turn to hold the crudely carved pieces of bone, Udin scooped them out of her hand and tested their weight with his palm. He bent over her and whispered in her ear, "These dice have been tampered with. But don't worry. I'll give you a kiss of good luck."

Danetta blushed at the lecherous, yet impatient looks of the other players. They were all men, and none of them looked or smelled very clean. She looked up at Mr. Turo and whispered back, "I don't believe a kiss will alter the dice, and I honestly don't think you should be kissing me at all."

Mr. Turo chuckled, low and hearty, and he took her hand in his. He kissed the back of it, and then he said, quite loudly, "There's your good luck kiss. Now place all your gold on the table and roll the dice." He handed the dice to her and nodded.

Danetta didn't want to trust him. The dice were loaded! How could he do anything about that? She pouted and gazed down at the little objects in her hand.

Well, if he was able to tell the dice were loaded, then he probably had some sort of idea of what to do. She shrugged. Then she reached under her neckline to take out her pouch. She removed her two coins and put then on the table, in the center of a square that had been drawn with chalk. She told the game master what outcomes she was betting on, and then she rolled the dice.

Everyone gasped, including Danetta. She rolled exactly what she wanted to roll. She won two extra gold coins! She looked up at Mr. Turo. He had a wicked grin that showed off his crooked teeth. She wanted to ask him what he did, but she didn't think that would be a good thing to say in the Game Hall.

The next few games she played had similar surprises in store for her. While she did lose at some card games, she won brilliantly at other games, especially the ones that involved random chance and physics. When her pouch was almost too full to close, she told Mr. Turo that she was finished, and she wanted to go home. Mr. Turo patted her shoulder and led her out of the building.

Danetta was actually feeling pretty happy, confused, but happy. Although, what she had was nowhere near enough to pay off her father's debt. But if she decided to run away, this was a good bit of cash to have.

Soon after they had started their walk on the street, Danetta felt a horrible tug on her arm, and she was pulled away from her companion and into an alley. Three frightening men were demanding her gold, holding knives over her body, and Danetta would have gladly given her money away. She didn't think her companion stood much of a chance. Her feet turned clammy, and her face heated, as she reached under her neckline for the money.

One of the men was flung away, screaming and gargling. The other two were roughly slammed into each other, their heads connecting. Danetta's eyes were almost delirious as she slid down the side of a building, watching as Mr. Turo sunk a knife into one of the muggers. Then he kicked into the belly of another. She smelled blood. She heard the struggling cries of death. She heard laughing.

Mr. Turo was laughing.

When all three offenders were quiet and static on the ground, Mr. Turo was still laughing. Then he was coughing. Then he reached down, grabbed the sleeve of one of his victims, and loudly blew his nose on it.

Danetta's mind was blank for a moment as Mr. Turo walked towards her, sniffing and muttering something about ridiculous people. Then she gathered her thoughts. "Thank you! Thank you, Mr. Turo!" She ran up to him, intending to hug him, even though that would have been quite brazen.

Mr. Turo held out his hands to stop her, and he said with an unconcerned, cheerful voice, "Let's hurry. We shouldn't relax on the streets at night."

When they were at her home, Danetta insisted on meeting him again, somewhere, anywhere. They agreed to meet at a coffee shop in the morning. Danetta planned to leave early, while her father would still be sleeping.

***

Rain splashed down onto the roofs of the buildings and the hard streets as Danetta entered a small coffee shop, and she was pleased to see her new friend, Udin Turo, seated at a small table in a corner. With her thin gray cloak tight around her body, she quietly walked to the table. Mr. Turo was gentlemanly enough to stand up, pull a chair for her, and wait for her to take her seat.

When Mr. Turo was seated again, he coughed into his elbow, and then he straightened his back. His brown hood was pulled back, and Danetta saw more of his face than she did last night. Bruised looking circles were under his black eyes and his nostrils were chafed. She imagined that the poor man had a cold. She hoped she wouldn't catch it, but she was willing to take the risk.

"Have you considered my offer, Miss Saivio?" He was cradling a little cup of black coffee with his slim fingers.

She nodded. "I would love to see this castle." She leaned over the table, lowering her tone. "What if there isn't a position for me there? What if I won't be hired?"

Mr. Turo tapped the table's edge with the side of his hand in something of a negative gesture, and he shook his head. "You shouldn't worry. The Master is a very understanding person. If he can not find a position for you in his home, he will ask a business owner in Lealna to hire you. His word carries more weight than a whale."

Danetta tilted her head. "Lealna?"

"That's the city closest to the castle. Most of the neighborhoods in the Duvanu province are little villages and farming communities, but there are a few cities and towns. The Duvanu province is known for its delicious fruits. There are groves and groves of fruit there. The most beautiful flowers are also grown there. Rainbow roses are quite popular."

Danetta had heard of rainbow roses, had even seen some on a few occasions, but they were expensive and she had never touched one before. She had always wanted to press one of the colorful blooms to her lips and feel the texture. The petals would certainly be irresistibly silky, perhaps even more so than an ordinary rose. This was only her imagination, of course.

Her lips parted, and something almost wild grew in her eyes. She laced her fingers together and begged the man, "Oh please, Mr. Turo. Please tell me more of Duvanu." Her voice was huskier than normal, but she still sounded like a little woman.

Mr. Turo's black hair slid around his shoulders, and his eyelids lowered, as if he was experiencing a burning pleasure. "A few silver mines have been discovered recently, and the price of silver in the province dropped, while the popularity grew. The locals love silver jewelry." He took a long sip of his coffee while Danetta's bent leg was impatiently bouncing. After he swallowed, he sighed and continued. "There are beautiful mountains to admire during your free time. During spring and summer, the mountains are so vibrant that the locals call them the Rising Jewels."

Danetta sighed blissfully, imagining enchanting peaks dusted with flowers. "Everything about the place sounds extraordinary."

"I have to leave within a few days," Mr. Turo told her. He drew more coffee into his mouth and gulped it down. "You'll need to make your decision soon. It'll take an hour and a quarter's worth of a carriage ride to get there, depending on the weather. Once you get in the carriage, it would be ill-mannered of you to say you've changed your mind halfway through the journey."

Danetta knew that the next auction for people's services would take place in a month. That was the earliest time her father could hope to sell her. To appear prudent, she told Mr. Turo that she would wait two days to decide, but she knew she was going to go with him.

***

A morning was chosen. Mr. Turo rented a carriage for them both, and they hurried into it just before the sun rose. They sat across from each other. Each person had their belongings in a square bag balanced on their laps as they lazily gazed out the vehicle's small windows. Danetta acted just as calm as her new friend, but deep inside, she knew she was edgy and aflutter. She couldn't remember the last time she had ever done something so naughty. An evil smile bloomed on her face.

She wasn't going to take responsibility for her father after all. She was running away. This was truly delicious.

The ride, while long and physically uncomfortable, was overall pleasant in Danetta's mind. Mr. Turo was able to keep her entertained with several word games and engaging conversations. He even performed a few little magic tricks with a deck of cards. Soon, though, she felt that she had to ask him about her luck in the Game Hall.

"I'm not allowed to show you how I performed my tricks, Miss Saivio," he told her, offering her a wrapped meat pie for a quick breakfast, "but I will tell you this. I have a talent for forcing everything to fall just the way I want them to."

When she tried to press him again, he held out a hand and refused to say any more on the matter.

Once they passed the border to Duvanu, Danetta's excitement was kicking back in. Like an eager child, she was bouncing in her seat and hungrily staring at everything through the windows. There were mountains in the distance, and they were just as beautiful as Mr. Turo had described. She hoped she would get to touch a rainbow rose soon. She didn't want to steal any. She only wanted to touch one.

Soon they were passing through a city. Mr. Turo told her they were in Lealna, and it wouldn't take very long to reach Castle Adurant.

However, they didn't stop at the castle. They stopped a good walking distance from it. Danetta was confused, but she exited the carriage obediently. As she watched the horses pull the vehicle away, she asked, "Are we meant to walk all the way to the castle?"

"Unfortunately, yes. It's the best way to get there." Mr. Turo patted her shoulder, slung his bag over his back, and jerked his head, signaling that she should follow him.

Danetta swiped down her hair in a futile effort to flatten it. Then she expelled an annoyed breath and looked at the castle. It was a grand structure made of dark gray bricks, but it was on top of a cliff overlooking a river, and in order to get to the castle, they had to walk through a large forest. There was a lovely road waiting for them, but to Danetta's consternation, Mr. Turo ignored it. He took a random direction towards the trees.

"Mr. Turo!" She held her skirt with one hand to keep from tripping as she ran up to him. "Mr. Turo! That's the wrong direction!"

He didn't even turn his head. "This is a much better route. Trust me."

Danetta didn't think she had any choice but to trust him.

The morning air was invigorating. The weather was warm. The chirping birds and scampering squirrels were cute. The trees were lush. Danetta was frustrated. "What if bears are lurking about?" she asked after she nearly tripped over a rock.

"What about them?" Mr. Turo said blithely.

"We're essentially out in the wild! There could be bears, or wolves, or something worse!"

He laughed, sneezed, and blew his nose, shooting a little bit of snot onto the ground. "Gah! Don't worry about those silly things. I won't let anything eat you."

Reluctant, sweat dripping down her face and bosom, Danetta followed him in the woods a few minutes more. Then she complained again. "Mr. Turo, I hope you understand why I'm so upset."

"I understand completely. Please, whine as much as you need to. I won't think any less of you." His fingers drummed on the belt attached to his bag. He started whistling.

Danetta wiped her forehead with her fingers. "My goodness! Is there a secret passageway here? I can't think of another reason why you'd want to take this route."

"There's a secret here, Miss Saivio," Mr. Turo said, stretching out his arms.

Her fingers fidgeted with her bag's handle. Its weight was putting an ache in her arm. "There is? What is it?"

"You'll find out soon." He ducked to avoid a low tree branch.

Danetta sighed and remained quiet for a time. She put her bag in her other hand. Her feet were starting to hurt. She wasn't accustomed to such a wild terrain. Not only that, but her back was still bruised from her father's beating. In fact, there were some older marks there to worry over. All this exercise in hot weather and on rough ground only worsened her state.

She was about to give another complaint when Mr. Turo stopped. He put his hand on a very thick tree and looked at its bark. Something was carved there, a name.

"Erdgar?" Danetta said, looking at the characters on the tree.

Mr. Turo's shoulders relaxed and he said, "I believe the lord of these lands carved his name in this tree years ago, when he was a child."

He laid his bag against one of the tree's exposed roots. His fingers massaged the flesh under his tired eyes. Then his fingers lowered. His arms hung at his sides, and he screamed.

He actually screamed. It was almost a roar. Danetta's bag fell to the earth. She covered her ears and recoiled. 

Then he roared out something else.

"NOBODY WILL SAVE YOU, YOU STUPID LITTLE BITCH!!"

Her body trembled. She almost urinated. She was frozen for few seconds. Mr. Turo reached out to her. She thought to run, but he was too fast. Her throat was seized, and by that fragile little throat, she was shoved into the ground.

Danetta's heart was poking a rapid song of fear in her chest. Her feet kicked and her fingernails scratched at the man's face. She shrieked so much that her throat became inflamed in no time.

She saw the man's blank face. Then she saw his fist.

He punched her, and she couldn't see, couldn't breathe. Pain was shooting through all her nerves. The fingers around her throat constricted, and she thought she would die. She heard something made of fabric rip. Then something beating on the ground and approaching. 
