 Castle Adurant was a grand estate. The outer walls were impressively dense. The first gate they had to walk through had to be pulled by chains. A guard was always visible no matter where Danetta looked. Elegant dark blue banners hung about, all bearing the same family crest, a leaping mountain cat with pointed ears and red claws framed by a perfect circle of golden thread. 

The main entrance to the keep itself was a set of two massive doors of dark wood. An intricate pattern of squares and diamonds was carved from top to bottom. Guards pulled the heavy handles of the doors, and they groaned open like old men struggling to get out of bed.

The foyer they walked in was so large, so empty, that despite the warm weather Danetta felt a coldness in the air. She wondered if it was her imagination. As she walked with the men, she looked down at the great blue rug their shoes made contact with. All of them had the decency to shake and kick dirt off their shoes before they went inside, but there was still a remorseful stone in Danetta's stomach when she stepped onto the rug.

They passed rows of polished columns supporting a ceiling so high that Danetta's neck made a popping sound as she tried to look at it. A quick tap on her arm jolted her out of her position. She had actually stopped moving without realizing it. She blinked and turned to the source of the touch.

It was Duke Adurant; his head was pointed at her. She could hear his breath, gentle but craggy. The fabric on his face was slightly rustled as his nose pushed air in and out.

"Miss Saivio, the housekeeper should be here soon. Wait here with me."

"Yes, Your Grace." Danetta lowered her head. The soreness in her body was more evident to her then. Her lips flattened in a wince and her good eyelids flickered. She wished the man wouldn't stare at her. The fact that his face was hidden didn't change anything. She knew, simply knew his eyes were focusing on her.

An idea sprung up. She almost smiled at it. What if he thought she was pretty? It wasn't a ludicrous idea. She knew that at least some of her features were considered attractive. For example, she had a fairly clean and pale complexion. Her father knew better than to hit her face, even when he was angry. How could he find a wealthy husband for her if her face was scarred?

Even though she was still shaken from Mr. Turo's betrayal, she was happy to have her savior think of her as pretty. Even with a forming black eye, which would heal eventually, Danetta thought she probably seemed comely. He saw her bosom, didn't he? He saw the creamy flesh there. He must have understood that once her eye healed she would be beautiful.

It was best not to appear vain, though. Danetta's face rose only slightly, but she didn't offer any of the coy smiles she had seen more flirtatious women use. Nothing would come of him thinking she was pretty, because she was nothing more than a commoner.

Well, he could always ask her to be his lover. It wouldn't be the first time an aristocrat proposed such an arrangement, but she had refused and she would still refuse a similar request from this masked duke. She'd rather have an ordinary husband and live an ordinary life. Such an ordinary relationship would have much less drama.

A woman soon emerged, announcing her presence with a warm statement. "Ah! It's so good to see you home, Your Grace!" She had a wide smile on her round face. Her brown hair was slightly disheveled, and there were hints of gray at her hairline. Her outfit was neat and clean, and she seemed healthy. The curtsy she offered the man was quick and almost an afterthought. She then turned her eyes to Danetta and her cheer disappeared. She became something like a punctured sack of grain.

"Oh my! Poor Dearie, what happened to you?"

Danetta wasn't given the chance to answer her. The nobleman spoke for her. "Tilly, this is Danetta Saivio. A madman lured her onto my hunting grounds and assaulted her."

A gasp, and then the housekeeper's eyes watered. "Oh, the poor, sweet little angel! Where's the brute now?"

Duke Adurant replied very curtly, "Hansu shot him in the head."

"Good man, then! Good man!" Tilly nodded. "Is this a guest, then?"

The covered head nodded. "Of course. Her injuries need to be seen to. She should be given tea and cool water for washing, and a healthy meal. Her gown was damaged. Have it repaired. When she is settled, she may do as she pleases until dinner. She should be in the dining hall at that time."

Danetta's head nearly spun as she tried to process all the information he so casually poured out.

Tilly waved her hand up towards Danetta. "Follow me, then. We'll have you sorted out."

Danetta complied, staying as close to the housekeeper's skirt as she could. She didn't want to fall behind and lose her way. The stairs and hallways she was led through were perplexing. She might as well have been in a labyrinth. Only when Tilly stopped at a tall door did she feel anything close to relaxation.

The room inside was sparse, but still resplendent in Danetta's eyes. The bed had an indulgent canopy embroidered with flowery designs. There was a fireplace. It wasn't of much use in the warm weather, but it was shiny and well made. There were fur rugs on the stone floor, and there was a great window with a view of a vibrant garden a few stories below. Among the flowers outside, there was an elegant fountain. The main structure was a large bowl shape. Standing in the center was a statue of a graceful nude woman pouring water from a vase.

"Such a beautiful room!" Danetta exclaimed, unable to contain her feelings. She remained at the window for a few seconds, analyzing the flowers, hoping to find a rainbow rose.

"This is only one of the minor guest rooms," Tilly said, patting her back in a gentle attempt to take her away from the window.

Danetta couldn't help it. She winced and puled.

Silence. There was silence for approximately five seconds.

Then Tilly said, "Rest your pretty little bones on the bed, Dearie. I'll soon return with some girls to help you."

As the housekeeper exited, Danetta placed her bag on the floor. Then she flopped her belly onto the mattress, grateful for the benevolent texture of the soft blanket. This was the highlight of the day, and it was still early. She wondered how the rest of the day would pan out.

Soon, though, she had to get up, because the housekeeper had indeed returned, and three maids were with her. First, they gingerly wiped her face and throat with room temperature tea instead of water, despite Danetta's gentle claims of being able care for herself. Then Tilly asked her if she had another dress.

"I do, but it's quite formal," Danetta told the housekeeper.

With a negative flick of her fingers, Tilly said, "That's not a problem, Dearie. None here will think less of you. Now why don't you come out of that gown?"

Danetta was confused. Only the jacket and stomacher were torn. She tilted her head and said, "Madam, do you need my skirt too?"

"I might as well take it." Tilly's cheeks had little dimples as she smiled. "We can't have you walking around with a skirt that doesn't match a bodice. I'll see if there's anything I can do to smarten it up while I have the opportunity."

Danetta shook her head. "That's very kind of you, Dear Madam, but I'd hate to put more work to you. I'm certain you'd be engaged with more important duties." One of the lower maids muffled a giggle with her apron. Danetta wanted to stare at her, but she decided to look down at her fingernails.

Tilly reached over and patted her hand. "Don't trouble yourself, Miss. Please undress."

Overly stubborn people were one of Danetta's weaknesses. She sighed and agreed to remove her clothing. She wanted to fold each piece and put them on the bed, but one of the maids insisted on doing that for her. Once Danetta was in her chemise, bum roll, stockings, and stays, Tilly scooped up the folded bits of her gown and nodded.

"Fine indeed, Miss," Tilly said as her skirt swished past the back of Danetta's stocking covered feet, but she paused.

One of the maids asked, "What's the matter, Mrs. Tilly?"

Danetta's toes vainly scratched at the floor. Her breath quickened.

"There's something purple on your skin, Dearie," Tilly said in a hushed tone, standing right behind a very uneasy Danetta. "Did that monster in the woods beat your back like a prisoner?"

She didn't want to lie. Lying wasn't usually good. Danetta shook her head.

A maid looked closer at her. "Miss Saivio, you've got me crazed for an answer. Who beat you? Was it your husband?"

Another maid corrected the first. "She's a Miss, not a Mrs. She doesn't have a husband. I think one of her parents beat her."

"Is that true?" the first maid asked with big, sweet eyes.

"Was it your Mama or your Papa?" the third maid asked.

"Girls!" That was Tilly. Her face was stern.

All three lower maids hushed up, but they gave Danetta pitying looks.

Tilly made a smacking noise with her lips and said, "Can't be helped, can it? Let's get her naked and see what the damage is. If we don't see to her, and the Master finds out about it, he'll break something. Then he'll be upset because something's broken, and then we'll have to clean it up."

The maids turned their heads back to Danetta, expecting her to begin unlacing her stays. There was no use in fighting it. Danetta plucked at the laces and gritted her teeth. When her stays were gone, they untied her bum roll, put it aside, and pulled her chemise over her head.

Everyone gasped.

Old and new, small and large, there were a variety of bruises down her back. There wasn't much to say about it. There wasn't anything anyone could have done to stop it.

Tilly was the first woman to speak. "Soak her back in tea, then see to everything else. I'll patch this gown up in my room." The maids already had their hands on Danetta's arms.

***

There was a damp tea bag strapped to her right eye and it was the strangest eye-patch Danetta had ever heard of. The fact that her eye was covered didn't help her at all with her predicament. She was lost. Every hallway, while gracefully adorned, was more similar than the last one, and she was so distracted by her panic at being lost that she forgot what her destination was. Eventually she swallowed her ridiculous shame and asked a passing servant for a way outside. She was led out with a smile and a bow. Then she remembered that she had wanted see a garden, preferably with roses. She found a familiar fountain and went straight for it.

The garden Danetta found was more lush and more fragrant up close than it could have been from a window several stories high. The air was scrumptious. Her old shoes tapped on the smooth brick pathway as her good eye flitted from one section of magnificence to the next. When she found the beautiful fountain with the nude statue she seated herself on the thick edge of the base. Her fingers dipped into the clear water flowing from the woman's vase. Her fingers were soon chilled. She wondered if the water was safe to drink.

She adjusted the skirt of her blue gown, took in a long, idle breath, and looked around for any witnesses. Finding none, she slid her gray shawl off of her neck and bosom. It wasn't the proper weather for such a thick shawl, but she didn't want to display the low neckline of her gown so easily. Perhaps later, at dinner, she might be more inclined to walk about without her shawl.

But it didn't matter much, anyway. She was hot. The shawl had to go for a moment. 

Danetta reached back to the falling water, sunk more of her hand into the stream, and cupped her fingers. Then she splashed the water onto her face, her throat, and finally her bosom. The wet, crisp water soothed her heated flesh. She even rubbed the water in, as if using a luxurious cream. The only thing that could have increased her happiness was a delicious treat, or a rainbow rose.

Her eye just happened to notice a few rose bushes a short walk away. Perfect! Danetta stood up and walked over there, singing an old song from her childhood. She even spun around at one point, as if dancing. When she was close the the roses, her smile widened. They were rainbow roses. Multiple colors were swirled and blotted on the petals of the perfume-like flowers. She didn't have the courage to pluck a flower. Instead, her fingertips stole a single petal with an almost inaudible snap.

She was enjoying the sinful texture of the petal against her lower lip as she walked back to the fountain. It was better than silk. It was on a completely different level of softness. It was almost like flesh, cosseted flesh that knew the best creams. She almost wanted to eat the petal, but that would have been a crime in her mind. As her backside returned to the fountain's edge, she settled on letting her tongue dash out to the petal for only a second. It tasted like spring and luxury. A childish giggle bubbled out of her. She was certainly going to miss this place when she left.

"You could've picked a flower. I wouldn't have minded."

The petal fell from her lips and onto her lap. Her cheeks and nose flushed. Danetta looked to her right, found nobody, and then looked to her left.

The lord of the province was there, still wrapped up in gray cloth, still wearing brown leather gloves. His outfit was different, though. His shoes were small with silver buttons. His breeches were black. The stockings were appropriately white, and his waistcoat was a pale green color. The shirt underneath the waistcoat was very clean and had a high neckline. The sleeves were tucked into his gloves. A dark green coat was over him, embroidered with small silver leaves, especially at the cuffs of the loose sleeves. A thick cravat was once again around the neck. There was no hat, but perhaps his habit of covering his head had him thinking he didn't need a hat. He seemed to have a problem with skin exposure. Perhaps sunlight irritated him?

Despite the man's generosity with the roses, Danetta stood, curtsied, and said, "Sincerely, I apologize, Your Grace. It was wrong of me to damage anything belonging to you. I beg of you to punish me."

"Didn't you hear me, Woman?" His great arms folded across his chest. "I don't care." His words were so impatient that Danetta wondered if she really had angered him. The head slanted to one side. "Have you asked anyone why I cover my face?"

Her answer was prompt, almost mechanical. "I did not."

"Has anyone offered an explanation?"

She shook her head. "No, Your Grace."

"Why haven't you asked, then?"

Danetta's good eye discreetly searched for the lost rose petal. "I don't believe the issue is of my concern. It's not my place to inquire of the master's affairs."

Duke Adurant's shoulders quirked up and fell back down. His head straightened up to its natural position. "If you won't ask, then I won't tell you."

"Yes, Your Grace." Danetta curtsied again. The truth was that she was dying to know the reason why he concealed himself, but she had even less courage to ask than she had for plucking a rainbow rose.

"There's a rumor dancing around the castle," the man said, stepping towards her, his shoes almost beating down the bricks in the ground.

"Yes, Your Grace. Rumors are always present everywhere."

His shoes were a few inches away from her skirt. There was a new scent about him, freshly chopped wood and silk. Was that a cologne?

"Unlike you, Miss Saivio, I ask the important questions. I know it's often rude, but I don't care." She heard the leather of his gloves stretch and creak. "The maids have been whispering that you have several bruises on your body, and that your woodland assailant wasn't the cause of most of them. Please be honest with me, Miss Saivio. Is this true?"

The only response she could think of was a nod.

"If I send you back to your home, will you gain more bruises?"

Her good eye shot up to the gray head. "Your Grace, as your fine servants tended to me, I considered my near imbecility and cowardice. I ran from my father, my only family. I completely abandoned the concept of loyalty. The only recompense I can give my father is to return to him and accept my fate, but I don't know if that would be enough to satisfy my guilt."

"Return to him?" A scoffing breath huffed through the gray fabric. "Does he need you? He can't be an invalid."

She shook her head so fiercely that one of her braids loosened. "Please, Your Grace, I beg you to lend me a carriage. I have some gold, should you demand compensation."

"Ah ... pardon me?" That was Tilly's voice. Danetta turned to look at her. The housekeeper was close by, holding something wrapped up in paper and tied with a string. "I don't mean to interrupt."

The back of Duke Adurant's hand seemed to slap something invisible. "It's fine, Tilly. What is it?"

"I've mended the guest's gown." She held the package out, pointing it towards Danetta.

"Excellent. Hand it over to her." Well, he certainly seemed a bit more cheerful.

Danetta took the package and nodded to the housekeeper. "Thank you so much."

Tilly's messy head peered over Danetta's blue sleeve. "Your shawl's gone and dipped itself in the water."

Danetta hopped and turned around all at once. "Oh dear!" Her shawl was on the fountain, but half of it had fallen into the water.

Duke Adurant was the one to pull it up and ring out the excess water. Danetta was concerned about his gloves. Wouldn't the water damage the leather? He folded the shawl into a neat square and placed it on top of the package Danetta held.

She gave him a clumsy curtsy. "Thank you, Your Grace." Maybe he had a bottle of leather conditioner in a pocket somewhere. She decided it wasn't her place to worry over his choices. "I believe I should change into my other gown."

Tilly rolled her eyes. "There's no need for that, Dearie. Why don't you come inside? I asked a maid to put a bowl of cherries out for you. I'll take your things to your room."

Both women curtsied to the master of the estate, who responded with an irritated demand. "Stop bobbing like moles and go!"

Danetta rushed into the keep. Tilly was much more leisurely as she obeyed the master. Then she led Danetta to a drawing room, where a beautifully painted bowl sat on a table, full of plump cherries.

***

Dinner was peculiar to her. Not only was the dining hall huge, with a long table and a large amount of chairs, but Danetta was apparently meant to eat with the Duke himself sitting near her. He didn't have a plate. He didn't even have a beverage. Danetta could have had her meal inside her guest room, but apparently the Duke had been insistent on his guest's appearance in the dining hall.

His position in his chair was strangely relaxed, almost slouching, and she wondered if he was ill, but she didn't want to pry. At one point, he seemed to forget anything resembling good manners, and he put his elbow on the table and rested his blank head on his hand. He even smelled different, like the fabric about his head was dusted with dirt or ash. Fortunately, it wasn't such a strong smell that she couldn't eat her food.

Danetta tried not to take offense at his lack of protocol. Besides, she loved the food. She was smiling, inhaling the loving aromas. There were finely chopped pieces of venison, seasoned with rather expensive tasting spices, and tender pods of beans covered in melted cheese. Her beverage was lightly sweetened water in an elegant little glass. This was only the first course. Danetta was starting to feel special, and she wasn't sure if that was wise.

She thought it would be best to let her host lead the conversation, but for a few moments he said nothing while she gingerly placed food into her mouth, occasionally looking up at him with her good eye. When he finally did speak, Danetta almost regretted not providing a subject in the beginning. 
