 *First chapter of my first story on literotica. When you sign on to test the next big sex toy you're going to meet some interesting people and have some fantastic orgasms. I can't wait to hear your feedback. *

*****

Soft drums started tapping. A sax blows a long slow note. A royal blue curtain dissolves into smoke. White neon strips slowly outline the stage casting just enough at the center. Showing half a shadow half a man wrapped around a steel pole. Hands behind his head thighs spread wide, eyes closed. When the sax blows again he begins to move.

Drawing lines through the air with his feet hands caressing his body. Each position showing something new to the light and hiding the familiar in shadow. Wrapping each muscled thigh around the pole he leans back till the back of his head touches the pole.

Each time he moves his fingers come out gently curling back in. Then the white neon dims to near darkness. The drum picks up its pace. The sax notes got shorter. While the neon darkens to violet brightening with the pace of the music.

Smooth lines became fingers of light traveling across his body. Eyes closed lips parted chest heaving. Holding that pose let the lights travel across sheer gladiator shorts.

His face remains in digital shadows then pixels flicker and he come into view. 

Jared paused the video, this was the moment that he kept coming back to, and it always brought on the same nausea of regret and frustration. Everyone knew someone who did something like this, but no one said anything, at least not when there weren't HI-DEF HOLO-VIDS to share on every site that took an upload.

Flipping off the holographic UI Jared closed his eyes. Putting everything but the sound of the train out of his mind. 

The soft hum of the gliding mag rails filtered through most of his brain. He remembered it had something to do with air and energy interacting that made it a constant companion on every train. 

Eyes closed he wished he could get lost in that sound because when he opened his eyes it would be lost to the outside. 

On the outside of his eyelids was the holographic UI telling him he had no employment alerts. "Focus on the sound" was something he tried repeating but it didn't change anything, no his mind just circled back around to that reality. Which of course brought up all the reasons this was reality. 

Getting called into Zach's office the too close looks, right before the room projected a series of stills from special holo dances, and even live footage. "Didn't know I had a fan," Jared remembered gulping, but not loudly. Zach's curious looks turned into a nervous smile showing perfectly aligned teeth. 

"More like a problem." The air turned to ice as the morality clause, buried in the fine print of Jared's contract zoomed into legibility across Zach's desk. Looking back at Zach all he could see was a predator waiting for the right moment. The offer the gene therapied Adonis had growled out, lying between them, "You'll work for me when I say how I say." 

"How'd you get this?" 

Zach audibly swallowed before snarling "Doesn't matter." 

Jared let his eyes wander over the images all of them showing his face, "See no one else has tried this." 

Zach's platinum eyes narrowed "So either you hired someone or did this yourself." 

The words hung in the air before Zach repeated through gritted teeth "Doesn't matter." 

Jared let his tongue run between his teeth watching Zach's face soften, moving his hands up to a button made the man adjust his seat.

Jared laughed, "Yea it kinda does, what you're doing is extortion." Zach's eyebrows lifted asking the obvious question "So?" 

"What'll happen if I spread it around that you tried this?" The perfect angles of Zach's face scrunched up into something ugly, 

"Then again, it'd be ugly, and I'd have to move, and this jobs just not worth it Zachary." Jared inflected the full name with a husky kind of mockery that still managed to get a deep breath out of the man. 

One last word occurred to Jared "Thanks, but I think I'll go blow the unemployment clerk instead." The last part always made him smile, but it didn't do much else. 

Three weeks of hitting every event and job board, and he didn't get a second glance. Well, he got one long one from some exec who offered him a SAC contract. The Amazon woman had been tempting but it made something click, and he asked why? She had gone on to explain that his pictures and videos were being sent out to anyone who knew anyone, no contact information attached just free access. Zach. The vindictive bastard. 

When she had finished undressing him he thought about all the bills all the things running short just for a moment making it so easy a choice, but he remembered how he'd gotten there. "Thank you but I'm not ready for that, I just need a chance at a job." She had quickly lost interest glancing around the room before bluntly laying it out for him 

"Better get some genework done, hun. The way your ass is shaking for anyone with a linkup, it's not gonna happen." She gave him one sympathetic look and passed a card, "If you change your mind." 

Not for the first time, Jared wondered why he'd allowed pics or videos during sessions, right for the extra cash and now he didn't have enough of it. "West End station." The announcement moved his feet before his eyes were open and he followed the mass of people out the door. The walk home was a quick one and he quickly stripped down, free from the outside. 

Reaching up to disable his UI a message flared. "Job offers." Sending it to the black screen on the wall with a thought, holding in every ounce of breath. A familiar GP Logo with golden olive branch accents and silver letters filled the screen when a fractional AI projected itself into the room. 

She was naked with an everyday physique that allowed for generous curves and full breasts, "Hello Mr. Blink." Her voice was a husky British accent that had Jared reacting in moments. Smiling she stared openly tucking a red lock behind an ear. Her eyes the color of sunlight almost always on the move were now transfixed. 

The attention filled out Jared's cock until every last vein felt hot and ready. Those sunlight eyes caressed his body until they locked onto his face with naked hunger. "My name is PADA, short for Psychological Aide Data Analyst, and it is my delightful task to invite you to participate in Glorious Pleasures Inc. next product test." Jared's mouth already dry from the attention and the staring match was now hanging open. 

"I uh." PADA giggled with a warmth that invited Jared to smile, and he did. 

"However, before we proceed there is something in your profile that we need to discuss." A red flag popped up and Jared felt more of his brain kicking in. "The unem." 

PADA waved a hand "Not at all, if anything that plays to your advantage, our tests are rigorous and require a full-time commitment" In a flash PADA was turning on her heels bouncing across the room in pixelated grace on her toes towards the shelves of audio equipment. Jared felt questions compete with his eyes at the full buttocks and trimmed pussy peeking out as she bent over. Questions lost when his erection filled out again. 

"No, our only concern is your documented distaste for Sexual Access Contracts." 

Jared groaned, the kind of groan of so close yet so far groan you do when a job goes up in smoke. "Is there any room to negotiate?" 

PADA turned back to him, "A wonderful choice of words, it's one reason why I love SACs so much." This time the groan was for the conversion speech. Bobbing into his downcast view PADA smiled the same smile then raised her hand "I solemnly swear to discuss not lecture." 

A half believing sigh escaped but Jared sat up all the same. "Hit me with your best shot." PADA crossed her arms then her legs it hid and enhanced her beauty all at once. Even her pout was endearing. Jared's erection bounced once before she started. 

"Discussions are a series of questions and answers, seeing as you require a demonstration I'll start." 

A strange little thrill went through him and made his smile a little wider. "Why do you dislike SACs?"

Jared kept his face the same but rubbed his thighs looking for the words. "You can't stop it." PADA waited silently. 

"When you sign away a part of yourself, it's not yours." The thought had him close his arms and legs also crossing. 

"I don't have much but me, so if I give that away." The rest of the sentence hung in the air, 

"I understand and given your situation your hesitation is very sensible." Resting a finger to her lips PADA floated with a gentle sway sunlight eyes staring off into the distance. 

Jared stared at her when his mouth ran ahead of his brain "You're gorgeous." 

PADA literally brightened the glow was a warm incandescence that matched her smile. "Thank you, GP INC. spares no expense, but addressing your concern, our SACs are written for temporary employment with the option of full time based on performance evaluation." 

Jared opened his mouth but PADA pressed a semi-solid finger against his lips. "We also include health clauses to ensure your participation is safe, voluntary, and enthusiastic." 

Jared looked around at the projects gathering dust the empty kitchen and the gorgeous floating AI. "Let's hear the rest.". PADA gently clapped her hands in delight the sound barely rising above a whisper. 

"The duration is one year, you will be in a pool of approximately 2,000 people and depending on profiles and collected data the intensity of testing will be adjusted, with full notice and consent." PADA'S eyes seemed to be gauging him, and when she saw everything was paying attention she continued. 

"The primary goal is to meet approval for mainstream release, while supplementary objectives include marketing data, psychological studies, and quality over extended periods." 

Jared nodded imagining the scale of it all. "So, what if it gets to be too much?" 

PADA's pixels turned solemn. "You will receive compensation for the length of your participation, and counseling services will be available if necessary." 

Jared twiddled his thumbs the no other options argument was trying to force his mouth open, but a question came first "How do you effectively monitor so many people?" 

PADA grinned raking her eyes over him before answering, "A combination of Fractional AIs and GP employees are tasked with monitoring, questioning, and ideally enjoying the whole process." 

One more vote for the, do it part of his brain twitching up and down at PADA's voice. "Can't say I'm not nervous but sign me up." 

PADA charged through the air wrapping semi-solid arms around him, the breasts seemed to be the most holding their shape against him. Jared hugged back enjoying the warmth of her, "I'm glad to hear it, for the first month you'll be my exclusive subject of study." 

Leaning back the woman of air and light was flushed and gently grinding against the length of Jared's cock. It was feather soft but definitely there. Groaning with pleasure he buried his face in her valley. 

"What am I testing?" It came out muffled but PADA didn't stop moving her hips back and forth, her beautiful pussy gently blowing back the precum from the tip Jared's head. Suddenly she floated back, and began zipping through menus, Jared swayed at the loss of any support. Through half closed eyes he caught the words Bio-gel. 

Then his screen flashed, shipment waiting for the signature. Looking out his window a drone waited, with a small box. Signing took longer than expected, well reading what he was signing took longer. PADA had been right, the SAC was thorough for participation and exit. 

Once the box opened inside was a silvery liquid that seemed to be moving on its own. "It needs your DNA signature, and we can get started." 

Plucking a black hair Jared let it fall and the gel absorbed it. A mixture of nerves and excitement was still at war in his guts. "Wonderful, now then this is the Polymorpher." 

Jared raised an eyebrow, "Oh I know the name isn't a traditional stripper's arse in your face, but it is practical." 

When her hand passed above the box the liquid wrapped around PADA's wrist in a thick heavy bracelet. "Now it has my ID, Mr. Blink please spread your legs." 

Still, half dazed Jared complied spreading a little farther than necessary. "Well done." The gentle purr at the end forced a shudder pass Jared's lips, that climbed higher when the cool Bio-gel started wrapping around his hot cock and balls. 

PADA's lips brushed his ear as she whispered, "Congratulations on joining Glorious Pleasures, I look forward to working very closely with you." Both started sniggering. 

Looking down the silver liquid molded to every contour forming the perfect sleeve. "Looks like I got well not bronzed," 

PADA half floating half climbed over his head letting her tits drape over Jared's face. "I'm not sure if silvered is the right word, but it's fun to say." 

On that last word he caught her hand forming into a tight circle, and his cock felt it, rolling onto his left shoulder PADA moved her hand up and down, Jared's hard cock felt every single pass, and it was so easy to lose himself in the sensation in PADA's words "It's been too long since someone touched you." 

Jared nodded almost unconsciously. "This first month I'm going to be touching you every day, in different ways." 

The cool substance started massaging his balls and Jared felt familiar muscles tensing, "Not yet, my dear, not just yet." 

The Polymorpher never stopped sometimes squeezing harder on the shaft, but every time he came close it seemed to know, stretching his balls down and constricting the base. PADA's voice was the kind of sympathy you'd find in cats, "We need to go through all the features my dear, and if you cum every time this may take days." 

The next one came when the Bio-gel grew in a line that hugged the taint small waves of touch caressing almost tickling him. Then a very solid finger started tracing the circle of his anus. Some part of him almost felt a panic at the speed at the range of what was happening, PADA's eyes were in front of his. 

He felt her hands gently pushing him back against the couch till he gently fell back. The cushions were solid and wonderful. All the sensation had stopped, another equally irrational part of his brain screamed to bring it back. "Breath in and out." 

A few minutes allowed some clarity to come back when his eyes could stay focused PADA asked in a flat tone "Do you want to stop?" 

Jared breathed in once. "No, please finish." PADA's face beamed and slowly the stroking the massaging all of it came back at the same relentless pace. PADA stood over him pussy gently wet, a wolfish smile as she snapped her fingers silently, the Polymorpher started vibrating. Jared lost all self-control, moaning while his finger grasped at the couch pillows. The only time he stopped was when he bit his lips, and even then, it filled out the room.

The Polymorhphed thumb slipped in past the sphincter in and Jared felt the single finger rubbing then vibrating. "Please please please PADA!" 

PADA's grin was an insidious thing that went beyond enjoyment into something Jared couldn't fathom. "Nearly done my dear, this is testing your limits as well." The words were painful they promised later but he was here and now. Here and now he was throbbing, and his balls felt ready to flood the room. A new finger caught his eye, but it was too thin and looked far shinier almost wet. As it came up, his cockhead was freed from the Polymorpher granting a second of reprieve before the rod found his slit. Circling at the edges for moments it came in and with Jared's relentlessly thrusting and bobbing slowly fucked its way down.

Gravity and his own mindless desire to cum had plugged his cock, PADA laughed with pure animal lust. "Good boy! I'm going to love testing this with you." The words were his future, but all he wanted all he needed was to cum. 

"PLEASE! PLEASE!" The desire was aching in every part of him PADA cupped a hand to her ear 

"Please, what are you asking for?" Jared felt something crack inside 

"Cum please let my cock cum, I wanna cum. I wanna cum! Please let me cum!" 

That same wolfish smile PADA floated to his side and whispered in his ear "Cum now!" Jared felt the Polymorpher press squeeze and vibrate all at once, unplugging him. sunlight It glazed his chest with one long rope. Smeared across his belly on the second. PADA sent a command to the Polymorpher pressing on the prostate, sending a hot white third rope into Jared's mouth. 

The salty creaminess of it barely registered, it was the relief PADA's praises, the cum finally released. The sheer relentless intensity of it, nearly had him passing out. 

"Sleep, the Polymorpher will clean up, and then we can talk more."