 Tags: MC, MD, MF, GR, HU

Synopsis: Man gets a magic knuckle bone that can change others, then finds out his wife has a bit of 'a thing' about that.

"What's that?" My wife asked.

It was a reasonable question. 'That' looked like just a plain old chunk of bone of some sort that came out of a small box I got in the mail. I held the bone in one hand and read the letter with the other. I started laughing out loud as I read parts of the note.

"Geeze, this hilarious. It's from my crazy cousin Jonathon. According to this, this is the 'Devil's Knucklebone'- Oooo, and it grants wishes. Ummm, there is a bunch of stuff here about where it supposedly came from- lopped off Satan's finger in an epic war, specially treated by an ancient sorcerer, given to unwitting souls by lesser demons... god this is funny. Hmmm... says here that he had used it for a while and had a lot of fun with it. Yeesh- if this is at all true, it seems like he lived a real Hugh Hefner dream life. Heh. Get this- he claims he had to get rid of it before demons reclaimed it. Seems he was using it so much it was pissing off the devil. As if, right?"

"OK, "I continued. "He says that to use it, I just need to hold it and make a wish out loud while looking at the target subject. That's easy enough. I wish you were blonde." I said with a chuckle as I pointed at my wife. When her hair suddenly went blonde, I froze and dropped the bone like it was red hot.

She was laughing until she saw the expression on my face. "What's wrong Will?" She turned to look in a mirror on the wall and screamed. "Oh my god oh my god oh my god!"

I quickly grabbed the bone and said "I wish you were back to your usual color!" And in an instant, it was back to her greying dark brown. We wrapped our arms around each other and took a moment to settle down. "That... that was scary!" I panted. 

"Yeah." Deborah gasped. "Scary." She did not sound quite as sure about that as I did, and unless I was mistaken, she was pressing herself against me a little in a rather intimate way. She let out a small moan as she closed her eyes, and I felt her shiver in my arms.

"Deb? Are you OK? Why are you shaking?"

"I... I... um... God, Will, I am just so turned on!" I just held her at arm's length and looked at her. "I'm sorry I never told you but stories where people change things about themselves or others just... they just... Well, they just get me all tingly and aroused. I'm sorry!" She sobbed as she sank back onto my chest. I patted her head and cooed to her, reassuring her that it was OK, that we cannot always control what turns us on. After a bit, we were snuggling as we stood in the living room. 

"Did you mean what you said, about not being embarrassed about what turned me on?" I reassured her that such was the case. "Great!" She snatched the bone from my hand. "I wish I was blonde!" When nothing happened, she looked at me. 

"Cousin Jonathan did mention in the instructions that you cannot change yourself." She thrust the bone at me. I took it and pointed at her. "I wish you were blonde." Instantly, she was again. This time, I was more prepared for it. "I wish your hair was lighter in color, down to your mid back, straight and silky." Immediately her short, rather dry hair grew into that of a shampoo commercial.

Deb tossed her head, laughing as she felt her new hair fly around her face. "I love it! It feels so great!" I could tell that her nipples were stiff even under her sweatshirt. "Do something else to me!"

"Like what?" I asked.

"I don't care- anything you want! Make me younger or something!" It was hard to turn her down normally. It was impossible to deny her when she was so excited.

"I wish you were, uh... nineteen years old." In an instant, my forty year-old wife was a teen again. She lost a lot of weight in the process but kept her new hair. her skin cleared and tightened, her eyes got brighter, she lost a couple inches of height but her breasts firmed up a lot to help make up for it as far as I could see under her clothes.

She grabbed me and we ran into the bedroom, where she slipped off the ill-fitting clothes and stared at her newly thin and rejuvenated body in the mirror. I was right behind her, staring with my jaw wide open. "This is sooo rad!" I immediately noticed that she sounded a lot younger, and seemed to be talking like a teen. I remembered my wish was not that she LOOK 19, but that she WAS 19. That seems to have made a difference.

Then, she crossed her arms over her newly firm but smallish tits. "Um... this is going to sound weird, but... I don't think I'm really comfortable with you being in the room while I'm naked. I mean, like, I know we're married, but... you're pretty old. It's more like you're, like, my dad or something." I reached out to touch her and she visibly flinched. "I'm sorry, William! I know it shouldn't bother me, but something just feels... wrong somehow. Could you please, could you please let me get dressed?"

I was heading to the door when I remembered the bone. "I wish you still thought of me as your husband, loved me as much as ever, and that I made you hot." OK, that may have been a bit overboard, but when she gave me a 1,000 watt smile and hugged me, I stopped worrying about it. i worried about it a lot less when she grabbed my hard cock through my slacks. Mumbling about me being overdressed, she began to slip my things off until my cock popped into view- at which point she gave me a blow job.

There are a few things I need to note about the blow job. First, it was my first ever. We'd been married for twenty years, but it was almost all pretty vanilla sex and never any oral. Second, I have no idea how she knew how to do it, but she gave me a porn-quality blow job! Enthusiastic, wet, noisy, frequent eye contact, lots of hands-on action, sliding, twisting... every trick I have seen on those videos I of course never ever watch. Third, well, I did not last long. Within in couple minutes, I was holding her head and grunting as I blew what was for me a very large load. She smacked audibly and swallowed it all.

Then she sat down in bed beside me and begged me to change something else. Damn, I could barely think of my own name and she was hot to trot with more experiments. OK, fine. Be that way. "I wish you had long fingernails and that your finger and toenails were painted bright red."

She giggled and made fun noises over her new mani/pedi, and stroked her long nails on my chest. "That was cool, daddio, but come on. Do something... interesting."

Interesting. She was making my blood pressure rise and she wanted me to think of something -interesting-? "I wish you had no hair below your neck and perfect skin." And like that, she was as bald as a billiard ball. Now THAT was INTERESTING. I began to stroke her incredibly smooth skin and kiss her neck. I nudged her legs apart and began to stroke the first ever perfectly smooth pussy I ever felt and was really enjoying the experience. 

"T-That's more like it, but maybe something... bigger?" She cooed as I slid a couple fingers in her tight teen pussy.

"Tell you what, hon. Let me try out your new body a bit, and for every orgasm I have, I'll change something you want changed. OK?"

She smiled at me and opened her legs. I got into position and she guided me in and it felt so wonderful- she was so tight and so hot and so wet and it felt so good and I tried to shove a little because she was so tight and it made my cockhead rub against her really slick lips and just on the insides of her pussy, just at the lips and it felt so good so I pushed harder and harder...

Suddenly I popped in and was almost immediately stopped, something was bloc... oh my god? Could it be? "Deb... are you a virgin again?"

"MMMmmm. It feels soo good! I guess so. Like, I was a virgin when I was nineteen the first time, so, yeah?" Oh god oh god oh god... I gathered my courage and shoved! She yelped and my cock broke through and it felt so good and hot and slippery and she was moaning and twisting and bucking and we were fucking and fucking and fucking and she was cumming and cumming and then I was cumming and we were screaming and then we were moaning and hugging and... and... and then we were laying there, sweaty and exhausted, and content.

For about five minutes before Deb sat up and said "Now you owe me a big change, right?" I started to beg off until she started up in 'teen mode'. "Please please please? You promised! Please please PLEASE?"

I dug around for the bone and grabbed it in my almost boneless fingers. "Fine. I wish your tits were F cups" and nearly dropped it out of exhaustion. I was soon really glad I was facing her because otherwise I would have missed her modest bouncy B-cups to fabulously formed but a bit floppy F's. "I wish they were beautiful and shapely, and did not cause you any problems." Her funbags were now firm, fat, fantastic forms that filled her out fully. She started playing with them and got lost in her own boob-filled world for a bit. I was pooped but watching was enough to remind my cock that it was still alive.

"These are wonderful! So, how about I tit-fuck you so I can have another wish?" I guess my groan was enough of an answer for her because she pouted adorably. "Geeze. You're no fun like this." I moaned in her general direction.

Her eyes lit up and her frown turned upside down. She lunged over, almost throwing herself off the bed as her unfamiliarly heavy tits threatened to pull her over the side. She giggled and recovered... holding the bone. A sudden chill came over me.

"I wish you were a twenty year-old bodybuilder." I felt a surge of energy course through me, and I felt like I had not felt in years. "And I wish you had a big cock- one that was almost too big for me no matter what my shape was." Now my cock grew, and grew, and grew. It felt like a third arm jammed in my groin but realistically it looked more like a really large salami. "And I wish you had big balls that were full of yummy cum." My testicles swelled up and I would swear I could feel the sperm sloshing around in them. "And..." Good god, there was MORE?? "And that he could get hard again over and over as much as he wants!" Something tingled in my crotch. "And..." I grabbed the damned bone from her hand before she turned me into a some sort of bull-man.

"No, now you give me another orgasm before I give you another wish. Hell, the way I see it, you owe me a few to cover all the wishes you made.

She looked up at me and sort of sniffled. "Did I do something wrong? Don't you like what I did to you?" Hmmm, she asked a good question. DID I like it? I looked in the mirror and saw myself as a solid slab of young muscle with wide shoulders and a narrow waist. I flexed an arm and the guns came out. I looked down and smiled at the giant appendage thrusting itself out of my groin.

"I do like it. You did good. OK, so help me out and I'll give you another wish, OK?" She smiled and wrapped her huge tits around my rigid shaft. She was big, but I was almost bigger, so the plum head of my cock popped out with every stroke. She kissed or licked it each time and soon I willed myself to grant her a pearl necklace. I swear she came rather violently when my jism hit her. God this was going to be fun!

"Let's see... I wish... I wish you were a gorgeous, adorable, cute, California beach babe, still busty, blonde and nineteen, still hot for me." It was amazing to watch the change ripple over her. Her skin turned a beautiful tan, her muscles toned up, her proportions tweaked so she had a more defined waist and perky butt, and her breasts somehow got even better looking. She also suddenly had a hot pink bikini that would probably be illegal in most states. The biggest change, however, was her face.

Deborah was gorgeous in my mind, but on the grand scale of things she was just above average. As the ripples finished up, though, she was beautiful! Big blue eyes, a perfect nose, high cheekbones, photogenic smile, and brilliant white teeth. She could be a model for almost anything- toothpaste to toenail polish, rom-com to porn. 

I could not help myself. I pointed the bone at her and said "I wish you were horny, came like a freight train, and could swallow me whole." She began to pant and grabbed my hand as she pulled herself into me, kissing me wetly all over my face even as her hands were massaging my fat cock. I untied her tiny top and bottoms and began to suckle her thick nipples as she moaned and wriggled against me. I pushed her over to suck and lick at her juicy pussy. It was delicious and she was enthusiastically responsive! She maneuvered herself to get down her throat, and let me tell you- it felt wonderful! Thanks to the magic of the knucklebone, my thick meat was jammed in her throat and every swallow massaged every last inch of it. She could shove it down, but she still needed to breath, so she would s-l-o-w-l-y pull her head off and suck just the tip as she caught her breath before she would s-l-i-d-e it back in. 

We were both getting close and seemed to be in sync for a massive orgasm. I triggered hers maybe a bit earlier and it made her gag on my cock a bit, which shoved me over the edge as well. She pulled it out before I was done pumping my cum, and she was squirting in response to hers so we made quite the mess on the bed. Deb had never squirted before- I wasn't sure if that was the result of one of the wishes or just the sexiness of the situation, but it was a hell of a lot of fun!

Thanks to her wishes, I was still hard and wanted a chance at fucking her stupid, and thanks to mine, she was ready and willing! I repositioned myself and she pulled her feet up behind her head, rolling her hips up and making her lower lips open and ready for me. I started to slide myself in, trying to relish every millimeter of this. God, she was tight! I had to push a bit to get the fat head of my cock inside her- I'd swear I heard a 'pop!' as it did. She was hot and wet and welcoming... then she began to work her inner muscles.

Now, Deb and I had two kids, both grown and living away. She practiced Kegels before and after to help with the childbirth and recovery. For a while before the kids, we'd practice on my then much smaller cock. It felt pretty good. Fast forward to today and her much younger, more toned, and more enthusiastic organ. She wielded her weapon with an inborn mastery! She rippled it against me, had it alternate between sucking me in and trying to force me out. She squeezed me hard enough that I almost winced. She was also making the most amazing faces as she did this! A video of just her facial expressions during this time would probably make us a buncha money.

We were now both young, strong, and nearly inexhaustible. For a while, I picked up her hips and nearly pile-drove myself straight down into her. At one point, she was riding me backwards like a bucking bronco and I was doing my damndest to throw her off. We fell onto the floor and did not stop. I fucked her across the room until her head bonked against a wall and we did not stop. I fucked her up the wall until we were both standing and we did not stop. We fucked sideways and downways and upways and every other ways we could think of. I don't know how many times she came- she wet me down about five or six times. I do know that I came an even dozen times. Some were fairly quiet- pleasurable shivers and squirts, some were a bit painful, but most were deeply satisfying, bull-roaring, gushers of climaxes.

We called a truce around midnight. We took a playful shower together then she went to get us something to drink and nibble on (besides each other- we were, after all, tasty but not nutritious) and I changed the funky sheets. We collapsed and slept like the dead until I felt her sucking on me as my alarm went off. 

"Change me some more!" She said around sucks. 

"Deb, honey, I will gladly change you as much as you want, but dear- we have to go to work in aBOUT an hour." She tweaked my cock somehow to make me squeal. She sucked harder, so I willed myself to cum and shuffled her off to wash up again as I looked for the bone. I was beginning to panic before I found it in the soiled linens. I wished her back to normal... mostly. I kept the parts of her that were going to be covered up younger and healthier, and left her with the great skin in most places. She also had slightly perkier and more sensitive titties, which she would probably discover later today.

I tossed her the thing and she wished me back as well. The little snot was screwing around though. I pulled my pants on and several inches of leg showed. When I mentioned it, she adjusted my height, but then dropped my weight by a bunch so my pants and shirt didn't fit. "Damn it woman! I gotta get to work and I would really like to not have to explain anything." She laughed and made a couple final wishes that did about the same for me that I did for her. I have to say, it felt good to be able to keep most of that monster cock- but I was also glad I did not have to shove that whole thing in my pants or deal with the consequences of such a massive hard on.

During the day, I kept thinking of things to try with the bone. I was really glad I had locked it up at home before I left, though, because some of my thoughts were drifting to some of my co-workers. I'd dreamt of bending Tara over the copier for years and now I could actually make that a reality. I was going to have to make sure to keep that thing locked up, wasn't I?

When I got home, struggling to keep the speed to close to the limit, I asked my wife if we had anything going on that night. I was already working the lockbox when she said the night was clear. By the time she came into the bedroom to see what I was doing, I already had the bone out and was pointing it at her.

"I wish you were a petite but very busty Japanese teen barely fluent in English. Your name is Keiko, and you are my Geisha sex slave wife." Deb rippled again. She shrunk from 5'8" to probably about 5'2" or even less. She got younger in a very different way this time and her hair grew out in long, straight black locks. Her blouse became a full kimono with a wide red sash and white makeup bloomed over her adorable face. I could not see her body but the kimono swelled or cinched in intriguing ways. The whole thing was finished off by tall wooden clog-like shoes.

"Thank you Master Will'am-san. Keiko is most grateful for her changes. How may Keiko service you now?" She kept her eyes down as she said this in an absolutely stupid hot accent.

"To start with, bring me a cold drink, then finish supper. When I am fed and the dishes are done, we will discuss more interesting options." She bowed gracefully, then walked away with small steps and a fascinating shimmy in her tiny hiney.

Supper that night was great. She served me, fed me, blotted my lips, washed my face, hands, and feet in warm scented water then did the dishes and cleaned up with an amazing efficiency. As she cleaned, I set the stage in the bedroom with scarves over a lamp, a candle warmer of some vaguely Asiatic fragrance we had, and put some light Eastern music on Pandora. I stripped down to my skivvies and waited.

She was worth the wait. She entered the room and bowed to me, then stepped forward to bow to my crotch. She asked me permission to touch me, then asked my cock permission to touch it. She began to stroke it though the cloth like she was modeling some sort of easily bruised clay- soft touches and caresses, seeming to shape it into fullness. It was still about halfway between the massive meat she gave me yesterday and the almost average size penis I had just before that and she was apparently determined to get it as close to the huge version as she could.

Once I was good and hard, she eased my briefs off, kissing the exposed skin with delicate butterfly kisses that made my muscles twitch, then she came up and flutter-kissed my shaft up and down as she caressed my balls as if they were, I dunno, baby hamsters? (Big baby hamsters, you know, but hopefully you get the idea.) She transitioned to sucking on the head and first several inches of my cock, becoming more and more focused, more driven to accomplish that task. 
