 "Fuck. I wish I wasn't so lonely."

Emily stared out her open window into the dark of night, feeling a cool breeze come in from the late autumn air. Soon the weather would turn chilly and damp: perfect for snuggling up with someone.

Unfortunately, she had no cuddle-buddy. Though she didn't lack for female friends, finding a guy to date her who wasn't a total pig was a Herculean effort. For every 100 messages on a dating website, she got one decent guy. And the last three had turned out to have been closeted, a psychopath, and a Bruins fan respectively. Completely incompatible with her needs. At least she had plenty of toys to keep her company, but it just wasn't the same. You couldn't talk about your day with a dildo. Well, you could in theory.

Her train of thought was derailed by a pair of strange yellow objects floating around outside. At first, she thought they were stars, but they got brighter and larger. She scooched her office chair closer to have a look, pausing her music playlist and peering out the window of her apartment. The dots coalesced into totally yellow eyes with cat pupils. A face appeared, soft and feminine. When its plush lips opened, a thousand tiny serrated teeth formed a malevolent parody of a smile.

"Hiya!"

Emily fell out of her seat. The being at her window turned into a woman, easily a few inches taller than her. Her skin was purple, and her scantily clad body there was little left to the imagination. Only her skirt could have been considered modest, as it dangled just above her knees. Her thin white top and black leather jacket exposed so much midriff that they were basically just shoulder and breast covering, and even then they did a poor job. She was well endowed, with her liquid movements climbing in through Emily's window making her poorly contained chest and rear jiggle. As her feet touched the ground, the human skittered backward out of instinct until she wanged her head on the closed door to her room.

"Ow, fuck...get away from me!" Emily screamed, looking around for a weapon. Unfortunately, all she had was a few empty soft drink cans from her recycling bin. The empty aluminum containers pinged off of the creature's body, their impact resulting in minimal damage.

"Hey! Stop that!" The being slapped the last can out of the air before it could pelt her forehead. Out of options, Emily clambered to her feet and reached for the doorknob. It burned in her hand, making her recoil from the sudden searing pain. The metal had been superheated, glowing a bright orange, but for some reason wasn't melting. Inspecting her hand, however, revealed no burn marks. Instead, a black pentagram had appeared on her flesh.

Emily turned around toward the invader, lip quivering in fear. "W-what are you?"

The purple woman rolled her eyes. "Oh, hush. No sense getting bent out of shape. You called to me, after all."

Emily cast a sidelong glance at her speakers. "Was it my music? I promise, if Metal was evil, I had no idea!"

"No, no. Gosh, you're dense. You wished not to be alone anymore, so here I am! Hiya!" She performed a theatrical curtsey, a demure gesture which was totally at odds with her slutty physical appearance. "Sasha Iscariot, at your service!"

"Are you some kind of...d-demon?"

Sasha gripped the offwhite horns poking out of her forehead. "Oh, these old things? I've had them forever. Makes wearing hats kinda tricky, but I've learned to cope! I suppose you could call me a 'paranatural relationship facilitator'. I help lonely people find companionship and comfort. And from what I heard, you were in need of a hand!"

"So you're a succubus?"

The fell creature at least had the good graces to look offended by that. "What gave you that idea? I'd never foist my affections on someone who didn't want it. And I have no interest in draining souls out of men, or women for that matter." She smiled again, showing off the teeth of a predator. "I'm just your humble servant, here in your hour of need. How can I help?"

Emily felt her heart rate go down as she gradually acclimated to the presence of the purple woman in her room. Accepting the existence, let alone the presence of a demon in her room was one thing. But making a deal was another! All of fiction (or, she supposed, non-fiction) told her that dealing with demon-kind was a bad idea.

Then again, she hadn't had sex in three months.

"Well, I was sorta looking for a boyfriend," Emily said.

Sasha tilted her head. "Were you? Or were you just looking for a cock?"

Emily blushed. "That's not it at all! I like guys. If I just wanted a...if I just wanted THAT, I could just use a toy." Her gaze inadvertently drifted to the magic box of fun underneath her bed before snapping back. She hoped Sasha didn't notice that!

The totally-not-a-succubus shook her head, dark hair flicking wildly. "No, I don't think so. there's something intrinsically different about a penis. The head, the urging need you can feel from its owner, the throbbing of lust...plus that sweet, sweet injection of fluidic joy you receive when you do a good job and please it enough. Cocks are magic. Boys? Not so much."

"That's...no! I'm not some kind of lesbo! Not that there's anything wrong with that. I just like guys, is all." Emily was getting more and more indignant. She didn't care who this weirdo thought she was, she wasn't going to change her orientation!

Sasha waved off her concerns like Emily was a child concerned about the presence of vegetables on her plate. "You've just never tried the fairer sex, sweetie. Or done it properly. And sleepover smooching practice doesn't count!"

Emily nearly leapt out of her skin. "H-how did you-"

"I didn't. But thanks for confirming it for me~" Sasha said with one of those scary smiles.

Emily harrumphed. She pointed at her open window. "If you're just going to be a pushy jerk, then you have my permission to get the hell out."

"Hell? Oh honey, you have no idea what Hell is." Sasha slithered over to the bed, her busty body surprisingly lithe as she spun to rest her belly on the blanket. She propped her head up with her hands, and her feet kicked in the air in a carefree pendulum motion. "Hell is dark, and hot, and humid. It's the uncomfortable sensation that you're never alone, matched with suffocating loneliness. It's an empty stomach and still feeling like you wanna hurl. It's stepping on a tiny stone while walking barefoot. It's some cunt in a movie theatre texting on his phone so that you see the screen glow in your peripheral vision but you can't tell him to turn it off without making a scene. Hell is all those things and...hey, are you okay? Sorry, I can get a bit carried away with the big Hell Speech"

Emily nodded shakily. Something had come over her when she was talking about infernal damnation. Any doubt that this was a demon and not some kind of lady in cosplay disappeared. But there was something else. The way she was speaking was heating the room up...or so it seemed. Emily felt herself pulling at the collar of the loose babydoll shirt she wore, feeling suddenly really stuffy. She wiped her hand across her forehead, collecting the sweat.

"You wouldn't happen to be feeling unusually hot...would you?" Sasha asked.

Emily looked down at the sweat collecting on her hands. "What did you do to me?!"

"That's not me, sweetie. That's just the heat from being in an infernal presence for too long. It's something from the big guy upstairs to protect you from, well, fraternising with our kind. Now: I'm going to give you a chance to grant a wish, understand?"

Emily folded her arms. "I thought you were a demon, not a genie."

"Oh sillybean, plenty of beings use wishes to help mortals. Mine must be related to your initial desire, that for companionship, or else it won't work. The wish can't be for true love, because true love is gross. It can be for lust, though! Lust is totally fine."

Everything about this screamed a trap. But the heat was making it so hard to think. She looked at the open window, and she could have sworn that it was chilly just moments before.

"Alright...say I take you up on this..." Emily thought about the wish she wanted to make. She COULD wish for the perfect partner, she supposed. Alternatively, with some slight tweaks to herself, she could get any man she desired. "Could I wish to change the parts of myself that I don't like?" she asked.

"Sure! No body-positive messages or morals here. You want a fat butt or red eyes, I can help. Of course, it would help if you gave me some description of what you want. Call it a template. We'll go down your various parts and you can tell me what you want to be changed. We give 'em a try, see how you like them. Then you can wish to make the changes permanent, and voila! Sexy bod. How about that?"

"Sure. Sounds alright."

Sasha nodded firmly. She opened her mouth as if to begin, then closed it. The demon rubbed her chin, miming that she was deep in thought. "Hmm. You really ought to get naked before we go any further."

Emily frowned. "I'd really rather not."

"How can I help sculpt your body if I don't know what it really looks like?" Sasha huffed, though Emily thought that it had less to do with inconvenience and more that she just wanted to see her naked. "Fine. Undies only, though."

She was still reluctant to take off anything in the presence of a stranger...though Emily had to admit that a part of her also just wanted out of her clothes due to how hot it had gotten in the last few minutes. Lousy demons, it was making her sweat all over! She pulled down her bottoms, leaving her in a part of panties with an adorable set of cartoon kittens playing on them. She was half-way to removing her shirt when she remembered that she wasn't actually wearing a bra.

"Could you turn around for a sec?" Emily asked, making a twirling motion with her finger.

The demon rolled her eyes. "It's nothing I haven't seen before. Just think of it like a day at the gym. I don't care what you look like, and I'll never tell another soul...not that I know anyone that has one. Promise."

Emily huffed, but assented. Assuming this was a hallucination, none of this was real anyways. And if this was some weirdo in full bodypaint...well, she had bigger problems than having her nipples covered. She tossed the top to the floor, showing off the little bumps that she had for breasts.

"Oooh! I see you're a member of the Committee!" Sasha giggled. When Emily blushed, the demon added in a singsong voice, "You know: the Itty Bitty Titty C-"

Another can ricocheting off her right horn cut off the taunt. "Cool it, Jezebel, or you'll get more of the same."

Sasha grumbled, but nodded. "Okay. Super-Serious, I promise. Let's get started. What's your worst feature, do you think?"

Emily looked down at her diminutive chest. That had always been a bit of a sore spot for her, ever since the other girls in her high school blossomed and she had only grown vertically. Eventually, she got a pair of A cups, but they left her occasionally stuffing her bra to feel like she was attractive. Her last boyfriend had told her that he'd liked her tiny tits and adorable little nipples but...

"My breasts," Emily said. She cupped them, then hovered her hands an inch outward. "I'd like them to be bigger. Perky, not too heavy, but something that I can fill out a dress with."

"Can do! May I?" Sasha asked, holding out her hands towards the human's breasts, infering that she needed to touch them. She nodded hesitantly, still unsure as to why she was letting all this happen. Maybe she was just desperate. Or maybe the thought of getting touched like that was more exciting than she wanted to think.

Sasha placed her hands on Emily's tits. The heat around her flesh began to grow, and she thrashed in place. The demon kept her hands locked onto her small bounds, however, and the pulsing energy flowed from one body to the other. The change in Emily's body began half a minute into the procedure. At first, she thought that Sasha's grip had just gotten tighter. But there was no mistaking the feeling of soreness in her flesh has her two breasts expanded outward. It was incredible! She stared, gobsmacked at the procedure but unwilling to voice her questions as if to avoid popping the bubble of surrealness that she'd found herself swallowed up in.

When Sasha pulled her hands away, Emily bounced her new tits by hopping up and down. They jiggled and wiggled, and she could suppress a manic giggle at the circumstances.

"I finally have tits! Holy fuck, this is awesome!" She cupped the new mounds to get a feel for their weight when she encountered an unexpected side effect: they were now much more sensitive to the touch. Originally, while her boobs were run to play with, Emily never really considered them a focus of her sexual activities. But when her palms contacted her blossomed nipple buds, it felt like the whole world jolted underneath her. Sensation exploded throughout her chest that soon enveloped the rest of her body in reciprocating waves that brought her to her knees.

"I apologise. I might have forgotten to mention that," Sasha said with obvious feigned sympathy. "There might be some side effects of your body adjusting to the changes. Totally incidental on my part, of course. Do you like them though?"

Emily took a moment to centre herself, wiping the drool that had formed at the corner of her mouth. "I...umm...yeah. Yeah, they're awesome. I just wasn't expecting them to feel so...good." The last word forced colour to her cheeks. Though Sasha didn't look embarrassed or turn away from the half-orgasm her charge just endured. If anything she looked more interested in what Emily would have to say next.

"What else? Remember, this is a blank slate. Anything you want from your new body, I can provide."

With the evidence of what was possible very literally in front of her, Emily continued down her personal list of annoyances. "I guess...I've always had a bit of a stick body. You think I could, y'know, get a little curvier?"

"Say no more!" Sasha said, snapping her fingers.

Emily was prepared this time for the sensation of change, but it the flow of energy into her body still felt alien to her. It settled around her hips, her rear, and her thighs, filling them out without significantly adding to her waist. Her hips widened outward, the bones themselves morphing slightly to increase the overall femininity of her pelvis. Her cute, tight ass widened out. Emily put her hands on her cheeks to feel it happen, and the strangely erotic sensation of feeling her body become more and more attractive caught her by surprise. The ability to mold her own form was an intoxicant, one she didn't think she could quit just yet.

She stepped into her bathroom to look at her new shape. Nobody would mistake her for a boy anymore. Her underwear was having a hard time keeping her nethers covered, with the fabric pressing against her skin tight and exposing a very obvious camel toe. Emily was too taken by her newfound power that the obvious state of exposure she was in didn't even register. She just spun in front of her reflection and took in every single angle she could think of. She was, in every sense of the traditional definition, a beautiful woman.

But she wanted more. There were so many things about her body that she wanted to change. Her uneven complexion, that birthmark on her inner thigh, the dark circles that appeared when she was even the least bit fatigued...it was all within her power to alter and shape.

Looking down, however, brought her thoughts around to the purely erotic. This was all about ensnaring guys, right? Guys didn't give two fucks about the little dark bump on her leg. They cared about her being a sexual creature. Not a slut, per se. Just...sexual. An accessible girl who they'd want to try and win over. There were a few problems that stood in the way of that, however.

"What's next?" Sasha asked. Emily had her hands on her hips, wondering how best to phrase her next request.

"I...is it okay if this stuff gets a little gross?" Emily fidgeted with her fingernails, avoiding the demon's gaze.

"I'm a creature of the night, dear. Gross is my middle name...actually my middle name is Apollyanna. Anyways, yes. Don't worry, this is strictly a No Judgement Zone."

"Alright...well, one of the things that keeps me from having as much sex as I want is...I don't get wet enough? If that makes any sense? I gotta rely on lube to really get going, and guys are under the impression that every gal is just a torrent of girlcum anytime they see a dong...and when I'm not, they get embarrassed and then I get embarrased and...Is it possible? To, like, make it so that I get wet when I get excited?" Her voice trailed off into a squeak at the end. It was hard to admit to this random stranger about her vag's problems. But Sasha seemed to take it in stride, slapping a hand on Emily's shoulder and giving it a squeeze.

"Don't you worry, missy. I got ya!" Sasha wiggled her fingers at Emily, but she didn't feel any different.

"Did it work?" Emily asked.

The demon scratched her head. "It might need a little bit of stimulation to prime the pump. Oh, I know!" In a flash of motion, she closed the distance between them and pressed a kiss to Emily's lips. Those had always been fairly supple and sensitive, and didn't need altering. Emily tried to pull back, but found Sasha's hands sliding along her back. One purple hand caressed the back of Emily's neck, while the other merely exerted enough pressure to make escape impossible.

The kiss may have been unasked for, but it certainly wasn't unpleasant. Sasha tasted...spicy, almost. Similar to eating one too many cinnamon hearts at once. But it felt good! Emily's initial grunts of protest became soft groans, her resistance fading. She was sure that she'd woken up that day with absolutely no homosexual desires. But it was hard to argue with how good a kisser Sasha was. She decided to ride it out. After all, where could she go?

That's when it happened. Emily though that she'd somehow lost control of her bladder. The strange warmth and dampness between her legs made her jerk back. Sasha let her go, smirking all the while.

"W-what? What is...ooh~" Her confusion turned to a lurid moan as she realized just what had happened. She had squirted...from a kiss! The damp patch in her panties was unmistakable. Emily was a fairly hygienic girl, but there was a distinct hint of pussy now filling the air around her that marked the release as the expression of sexual delight that Emily was lacking. "I only meant, like, when I'm with a boy or something!"

"Wouldn't it be more fun if you were bi, though?" Sasha asked, as if that was a possibility. Sexual orientation wasn't something you could just pick one day! But Emily was having trouble bringing up the images of men she found attractive. Her former boyfriends were looking a lot more feminine in her mind right now. Jamie had been a waiter, sure, but she didn't look wear a cocktail waitress outfit that showed off a naked butt whenever she bent over! He! He bent over!

There was a strange, aching sensation in her body now. Past her pussy, there was a pang of something. Like a hunger, only it wasn't for food. She needed to be filled. She needed to use her pussy for the sexual organ that it was. Emily needed to feel like a proper woman. Fingers would do, toys were alright, but what she really wanted was cock. Thick, throbbing meat, shoved hard between her legs and making her cry out for more. But her problem imagining men only intensified, but the girls in her mind's eye all had penises. Rock-hard erections that simply begged to be stroked and glazed with her girl juices.

"Any other problems I can help with?"

Emily looked up, realizing that at some point, she'd shoved her hand down her shorts and had been fingering herself! her cheeks flushed. She'd gotten so into 'trying out' her new pussy in front of Sasha! How had she become so lewd? This Demon was a bad influence! But when she thought of all the changes that she could make, just by asking...
