 Sorry for the wait everyone. Between issues with family, friends and a few bits with work I have finally managed to get enough creative thought done to get this chapter out. I will try to release more often but my creative mind loves to appear and fly away at will. And usually only lasts for bursts of time. Here is the first chapter of the story where I will slow down the passing of time and make it a true story and not feel rushed like the prologue. I hope you enjoy.

*****

"Oh for crying out loud, that's a lot weirder feeling then I thought it would be, if it ever happened" I laugh grabbing my head as my vision finally begins to come back.

"Master are you all right?" a woman voice says from my left. I turn to look at her knowing to a degree what to expect. Standing to my left was a drop dead gorgeous babe wearing royal purple silk clothes covering up her amazing body.

"Well you certainly look like a genie in those silks." I laugh taking a good look at her. Having a very beautiful face with crimson red eyes and hair that hangs down to mid back, she stands roughly six feet tall making us nearly the same height, traveling down with my eyes I nearly start drooling as my eyes pass over her huge breasts. Having noticed where I am staring the genie squeezes her arms together causing her already huge tits to push together and out making my eyes bulge slightly before I shake my head bringing an adorable giggle to her lips as I lower my eyes. She has an amazingly thin, tight stomach which leads to an amazing set of hips, and you can tell even from the front that she has an amazing ass just from the curves. Continuing down I find her very long, toned and amazing looking legs.

"You know I'm a genie?" She giggles

"There are more stories on genies then you know and you appeared the exact same way as one of my favorites of those stories just from a different instrument." I say looking her in the face once again trying my hardest not to stare and be rude.

"Well that makes things easier, though I'm still surprised you believe in the supernatural. At least it removes the main explanations." She says standing there with her head down.

"Please sit down and let's get this clear from the start I'm Nick not Master, and don't go giving me any of that Bullshit about having to call me Master. I know it's in your nature but if it's going to be hard to call me by my name at least force yourself to do it in public if you must call me Master leave it for private matters." I say seeing as she went to object in the middle.

"Yes Mas... er...Nick" She squeaks. "Um so... Do you know of the different types of genies?" She asks.

"I do, as I said there are tales of every kind. Which would you happen to be?" I ask though I already know the answer. A genie that appears as gas and solidifies into your very perfect fantasy of a lover can only be one type.

"I'm a sex genie" She says happily.

"Well that confirms it then. I have most certainly gone crazy." I laugh as I start looking around the room. "Jason is damn good with electronics and special effects, where is he hiding all this stuff now." I laugh and continue looking around.

"What do you mean Master!?" She pipes up. "I thought you said you believed in genies!"

"Oh I do, but I don't believe I could ever find one. Jason my roommate knows all about the stuff I read and the desires I have, he could have easily set this up to mess with me. It would fit that assholes personality perfectly!" I say as I keep going around the room looking in every nook and cranny for the video camera or other devices he would need to screw with me.

"But I really am real!" She cries out looking very sad. "I'll prove it!" She yells.

"You know what, screw it, I know just the way to test it, come here" I say and she comes obediently over to me standing in front of my room. "Sorry for the mess, but how about this, I wish that my room was clean, all my clothes are washed, and all the furniture be rearranged in a way that most woman would find romantic, and all the clothes will have a smell that attracts a woman's attention." I say as I point to the room.

"You make this too easy." she says as my eyes meet hers and for a moment her eyes sparkle and then return to their normal crimson color. I turn around to find my room looking very different. The bed and computer are still both in the same place but they are spotless. The computer is now on a hard cherry wood desk instead of the old metal piece of junk it was on, both of the televisions I used for computer monitors are now wall mounted and the printer is within a special part of the desk along with the PS4 and computer tower. The bed is now larger but not so much that it takes up the entire room and a few shelves line the walls with all my figurines and statues arranged on them in special order.

"I see that a few of the statues and figures aren't in here, am I to assume that they are properly packaged and in the closet that has expanded, I'm guessing to accommodate all the clutter or did u fit it all in their without making it bigger?" I laugh as I come to realize how much of a fool I was being before this.

"They are as you say in the original closet." She says before walking into the room and hopping onto the bed, her huge breasts jiggling madly making it very hard not to stare at her once again.

"Well I guess I need to make a couple of decisions very quickly. Because I know for sure that the bed isn't big enough for two as is even with it being bigger than it was before, I need a name for you, and then the most important decision of all." I say as I look around.

"Well Mast...Nick I can make anything you want happen as long as it's sensual in some form, and yes part of having a sex genie slave requires you to name me." She says in a voice that sounds just like the melody of the song I had played.

"Well I know your name now and no you're not my slave. I don't like the idea of a slave, I will have you be an equal to me with plenty of benefits I guess." I laugh.

"But Mast..." I cut her off by placing my finger on her soft lips.

"Nick not Master, and I shall name you Melody because your voice sounds just like the melody of my song, and I think I got a last name for you as well while we are at it, you shall be known as Melody Brass, after the melody of the song and the brass instrument you came from." I say and she begins bouncing up and down causing my eyes to follow her large breasts as they bounce along with her nearly hitting her in the chin.

"Melody Brass... I love it Nick!" She says bouncing some more, by now realizing the impact that it has on me as she notices the large bulge in my pants. She puts on a sultry grin before asking "Did I do that?" before pointing at my crotch.

I poker face having been caught basically with my pants down, but there is not much I can do when little silk clothes cover nothing more the her huge tits and her legs to just below her navel. "You think?" I laugh before looking at the room again. I hear her giggle cutely yet again as I get an idea and close the door behind me.

"So Melody here is wish number two, I wish that while this door is closed and either of us will the room to exist that the room will grow to three times this size and become the ultimate sex pad in the mind of most women. A place where the woman I am with will feel the most turned on. I want the outside of the building to not be effected by this change in any way and that without me or you in the room it cannot change." I say and before my eyes the room begins to stretch out as Melody giggles. The bed quickly grows to a California king four poster bed and candles pop up everywhere and the room gains a small scent of lavender. The computer is still in the room but off in the corner hidden behind a royal purple silk draw curtain. The bed covers and carpets are a dark crimson color while a lot of the remainder of the room is royal purple or black.

"Well you certainly know my favorite colors." I laugh considering she is basically made up of them, with her crimson red hair and eyes and royal purple silk and I just now noticed the black trimming on the silks.

"I know everything about you master, at least in the things of likes and dislikes, color, food, etc. Though my knowledge is limited to just the information I needed to become the woman perfect for you in the ways you need." Melody practically sings this as she walks over to the new bed and sits down on the edge of it.

"Well that's the space issues taken care of, now for the part that bothers me the most." I say as a shiver runs down my spine but I force it to the back of my mind with the determination I had given myself with my new year resolution to change my old self and become someone worth being. "Looks like I'm finally getting lucky but it takes finding a sex genie to do it." I sigh before realizing how stupid I am being. I have a fucking sex genie and I'm depressed about fucking her.

"Finally getting lucky? Are you really a virgin Master?" Melody asks putting a finger to her lips before gently sucking on it.

"I won't be for long." I laugh as I start walking over to her and sit down on the bed next to her. "Let's see just what you got Melody, give me a show and let's have some fun with this. I don't want to stay a virgin forever and now is as good a time as ever. Jason is gonna do flips when he sees you when he gets back." I laugh as she stands up and takes a few steps away from me before spinning to face me.

"I won't disappoint you master!" Melody giggles as she begins to untie the silks around her bust one by one spinning slowly and dragging the silk across my face and body. Slowly but surely the silks came off one strip at a time. When she got to the final strip of silk covering her large breasts she leaned forward in front of me and kissed me. Surprised by the sudden kiss I forgot to watch as she undid the final cloth and wrapped it around my head from the back making it into a blindfold.

"Hey!" I laugh as I feel her kiss me once again before pulling off my shirt. As the shirt comes off it takes the blindfold with it leaving me stunned. Sitting an inch from my face was her beautiful, huge breasts with her nipples rock hard pointing straight as me. As I went to lean forward she took a step back.

"Not yet Nick, Be patient" She giggles causing her huge breasts to jiggle and making me drool in anticipation. Taking another step back and spinning gracefully around she bends over as she begins to slowly peel the silken genie pants down. With my eyes glued to her wonderful ass she gently wiggles it side to side with a giggle drawing my attention to her face before she continues to slide her pants off. With a quick turn that sends her tits bouncing she spins to face me once again now fully naked. Her pussy completely hairless other than a single small crimson landing strip just above it.

"Like what you see master?" she giggles as she begins to approach me.

"More then you could ever know. I still can't believe how lucky I am to find you, you're perfect" I say looking her in the eyes which is no small feat considering the crimson haired bombshell standing naked in front of me. As she gets within arm's reach I grab her around the waist and pull her to me and kiss her fiercely. At first she didn't respond from my suddenness but she quickly joined in. As our tongues dueled in tonsil hockey I began to grope her huge tits to a delightful moan from her.

"Lay back and enjoy master" She giggles pushing me down on my back before lowering herself down between my legs.

"Hey! If you're going to do that at least let me return the favor!" I laugh before she spins around throwing a knee over my head. "Well here goes nothing!" I laugh again looking at her slick pussy before I reach up grab her ass and lift my head and get my first taste of pussy to a low moan of pleasure from Melody. I'll admit I was expecting not to like the taste, which surprised me when it was a lot less disagreeable then I thought it would be. A moment later I was nearly paralyzed by the feeling of her lips wrapping around my cock then sliding down to take me into her mouth, causing me to moan into her snatch which caused her to giggle slightly.

"We are just getting started Master!" I hear her voice laugh in my head which confused me for a second since she was still taking me balls deep into her mouth before I remembered about an author's story which told of a genie's telepathy. With a growl of pleasure and possession I get back to eating her out. After a moment I decide that it's time to get even and begin to nibble on her clit which causes her to cry out in pleasure. Doing my best to hold back my own pleasure I make it a goal to see to her first.

"No fair Master this is supposed to be for you!" Her words echo through my head.

"I give as good as I get in anything I do, especially for a woman as beautiful as you!" I think back at her as I attack her clit once again and with a loud squeal her pussy starts gushing as she orgasms hard and she drops her head taking my cock to the root and into her throat causing her squeals and moans to greatly stimulate my cock.

"Oh Fuck!" I holler out in pleasure as I begin blasting my seed down her throat. After a few moments we both come down from our post orgasmic high and I begin to laugh.

"Is something wrong master?" Melody asks as she spins around.

"No I'm just laughing at myself, I never once thought I'd have this opportunity and yet here it is." I laugh and rest my head back on the pillow. A moment later I feel Melody swing a leg over top of me and straddle my waist.

"Time for round two" Melody laughs as she begins stroking me back to full power.

"I certainly won't argue with that" I laugh and sit up enough to get my lips onto her large right nipple making her moan in pleasure. As I flick my tongue back and forth across it I lean slightly to the right allowing me to use my left arm and quickly grab at her left nipple and begin playing with her huge soft tits. Her moans of pleasure music to my ears.

"Here we go master!" Melody giggles as she lifts her hips and positions the head of my dick at her entrance. She slides it back and forth a few times before slowly sliding down onto it with a low moan of pleasure from both of us. I lay on my back and groan at the pleasure as I let my hands roam down to her ass and squeeze it playfully as she finishes sitting on my dick taking right to the base. Her body shuddering slightly from the pleasure. Now I'm not one to brag but I stand slightly longer than the average at seven and a half inches and just shy of two inches thick. But her taking it all from the start startled me and had me grinding my teeth trying to control myself and not shoot off from the insane pleasure I felt.

"You little minx" I growled at her as she gave me a cute innocent smile before she started to slowly grind her hips, small moans escaping both of us. I reach up and grab her head pulling her down to me and I begin to make out with her as she continues to rock her hips back and forth. My left hand squeezing her wonderful ass as her breasts are squished between us.

"Master why do you hold back and not fully enjoy yourself?" her words enter my head.

"Your pleasure is my as well I will not let you do all the work" I think back at her as my left hand slides underneath of us and begin to play with her clit causing her to moan loudly and squirm on top of my trying to sit up but I hold her down with my right hand to continue kissing her.

"But I'm your genie her for your pleasure" she whimpers in my head.

"For the love of Leeroy, woman! What part of me making you happy, makes me happy, do you not understand?" I think back at her with a possessive growl as I begin hammering my hips up into her, finally releasing my hold on her upper body to grab her hips for better leverage.

"But Mast..." Her thought ending there as her body begins to squirm and writhe in pleasure as her body gets close to orgasm.

"You're here to make me happy and I will most certainly return the favor Melody" I say under heavy breath as I continue to piston into her. Suddenly she lets out a loud scream of pleasure as her body constricts and spasms from a powerful orgasm, her pussy clamping down tightly on my cock causing me to fall over the edge as well, as I begin to erupt within her. After a few long moments of lying there I gently roll to the side to let melody rest on the bed instead of on top of my scrawny boney body. Her eyes slowly opening to look me in the face.

"So did you enjoy your first time?" She asks with a small hint of tears in her eyes.

"I certainly did but why does it look like you are going to cry?" I say gently placing my hand on her cheek using my thumb to wipe at the tear.

"It's just that you are so kind master, the history and knowledge of genies that has been place in my mind shows that we almost never receive the love that we give out to the one we serve. I am so happy to have been found by a kind master like you" She says between little sobs and sniffs. I gently run my fingers through her long crimson hair then pull her towards me and kiss her as I hold her tight.

"There is no way I would ever treat a woman badly without very demanding reasons. Those I hold dear will never be at any harm with me no matter how angry I get, it's usually just anger at myself for somehow causing the incident that led to the anger in the first place." I say gently before returning to kiss her. After a few moments the exhaustion from sex had me falling asleep with her in my arms already having nodded of. Her gently breathing bring great warmth to my heart.

"Even if I die in the process I will do anything to keep you happy and to protect you" I mumble as I drift off into the blackness.