 Hello all - I was watching an old eighties movie that reminded me of the old body switch concept. I realize that I'm not the only one to have done this, but this is my version. I hope it is not too confusing. Enjoy.

***

"Bitch!" He growled.

"Arsehole!" She spat back.

"Yeah well, at least I'm not a stuck up ice-princess." He contended with a self satisfied smirk.

"Yeah? At least I have an IQ over 5." She smiled sweetly at him.

"Oh crap! Are you two at it again? I'm so sick of this." Said Melody. She stood in the kitchen hands on hips staring at the two people in front of her. One was her brother Simon. She loved him dearly; he was a really nice guy as well as a good brother. The other was her best friend Constance. For some reason the people she loved the most in the world couldn't seem to be in the same room without wanting to kill each other.

Simon mumbled something and with a parting glare at Connie, he left the room. "Damn it Connie. How long have we known each other?" Melody asked.

"Since we were born, about 25 years. Why?" Connie responded cautiously.

"Because it is really starting to get on my nerves the way you and my brother fight all the time. I know you don't get along but can you at least pretend to be grown ups. I'm really sick of it." Melody said with tears in her eyes. Connie rushed to her friend's side and hugged her fiercely.

"Oh Mel, I'm so sorry. I know I shouldn't, he just rubs me up the wrong way is all. I'll try to shut my mouth. Come one sweetheart it's your birthday and we are going to have so much fun at the spa today." Connie soothed. Connie was truly sorry that she'd upset her friend. It wasn't fair that Melody had to pay for her brother being a brat. Ever since Connie could remember she and Simon had been at each other's throats. They never agreed on anything. Well that wasn't quite true. They often agreed on things but came to the same conclusions through different pathways. This way even when they agreed, they would argue. 

Connie couldn't say she hated him. He was her best friend's brother after all. He was just so smug and arrogant and opinionated and difficult and stubborn and ... She shook her head to clear that train of thought. Instead she focused on getting Melody ready and out the door so they could spend a relaxing day at the spa. 

***

They rolled up at Melody's house laughing and giggling after a particularly enjoyable day. They had facials, body wraps, massages, and every other indulgent pampering they could think of. This included a couple of glasses of wine, hence the giggling. 

"That was so much fun. Thanks so much Connie." Melody gushed as she collapsed on the couch.

"No problem. I had a blast too." Connie said sitting next to her.

"You are coming on Friday night?" Melody asked.

"Wouldn't miss it for the world. I want to relive some childhood memories with the clown machines, fairy floss and totally rigged games of chance!" Connie exclaimed. Melody laughed until tears were running down her cheeks.

"You know that Simon is coming too. I don't want any trouble with you two. Please." Melody gasped between giggles.

"I'll be on my best behaviour." Connie tried to say solemnly but dissolved into another round of giggles.

Simon walked in and heard the girls giggling hysterically. When he realized that Connie was there he walked right back out. Not trusting himself to keep his mouth shut. Lord that woman was infuriating. She had an opinion on everything, and of course she had to be right. Oh she was pretty enough and she had a great rack. Hey he was a red blooded guy and far from blind. But she was cold and imperious towards men. No one seemed good enough for her. It was that stuck up attitude that really got to him. As well as the fact that she thought he was stupid. While Simon may not have been an Einstein, he was not stupid and he resented that she thought that. 

Simon walked into the back yard and thought about how on earth he was going to spend a whole evening with her without strangling her. Still it was his sister's birthday and she wanted to go to the carnival so they would go and he would just have to bite his tongue all night.

***

There were people everywhere laughing and greeting each other. Children were running between the adults chasing each other and having a great time. Melody and Connie were almost skipping with delight as they made their way through the carnival. Simon hung back a bit not wanting to be in Connie's line of sight. He had to admit she looked good in the knee length wrap dress that showed off all her curves. And he was pleasantly enjoying watching her butt sway as she walked in front of him. Something that he would only have admitted under pain of death.

"Oooo Connie there are those clown machines. Let's go and see if we can win something." Melody squealed and dragged Connie along. They spent and obscene amount of money to win a stuffed teddy bear for Melody. It didn't matter; they had a laugh doing it. The girls went to find Simon who hadn't wanted to participate in shoving ping pong balls down the throat of mechanical clowns.

Eventually they found him flirting shamelessly with one of the scantily clad assistants of a magic show. Connie grunted derisively when she saw him leaning forward and getting a really good look at the girl's breasts. He was a good looking guy with a tall, lean body, Connie admitted. But did he have to be so damn lascivious all the time. 

"Hey Simon." Melody called and the girl quickly went back to work.

"Hey Mel." He said disappointed that the girl had left so quickly. Looking at Connie's smug look he felt the anger rise.

"Sorry for cramping your style." Connie said sarcastically unable to refrain from commenting. It was almost second nature.

"Yeah. At least I have a life." He shot back automatically. 

"Children, you promised you'd behave." Melody said in a very 'mother knows best' tone. Both Simon and Connie managed to look somewhat sheepish and didn't say another word to each other. 

The group enjoyed some more of the sights and sounds of the carnival until Melody spotted something and yelped in delight. She took off leaving the others to weave through the crowds trying to follow her. They found her standing in front of a fortune telling machine. "I've always wanted to try one of these. Simon do you have any coins, I'm all out." She pleaded with her brother and bounced on her toes in delight.

"Here you go sis but you know that it's just a bunch of crap." He said chuckling as he handed over the coins. Connie had to agree with him but kept her mouth shut. A deep eerie voice drifted out of the machine promising Melody riches, success and unending happiness.

"Now place your hand on the crystal and make a wish. Remember it has to be an honest wish, from your heart." The voice said. Melody chuckled but put her hand over the rounded ball. She looked at her brother and Connie and knew what she was going to wish for. 'I wish that Simon and Connie learn to really understand each other.' She thought fervently. A slight zap of electricity travelled up her arm and all the way to her toes causing her to jump back in surprise. It didn't hurt it was just unexpected. 

"Are you ok?" asked Simon. Melody nodded and giggled.

"So what did you wish for?" Connie asked.

"You know better than that. I can't tell you because then it won't come true." Melody chuckled as they made their way to another attraction. Both Connie and Simon rolled their eyes at her.

They ended up back at Melody's and Simon's house way after midnight. They were tired but happy. Connie was exhausted, mainly from the effort of trying to keep her mouth shut around Simon. She decided to crash at their place instead of heading home. Besides it was the start of summer break and she didn't have to be her summer job for another week. She made herself at home in the spare room and went to sleep immediately.

Connie woke up earlier than she thought she would. Drowsy she ran a hand over her face. 'Man my skin is rough. I'm going to need another facial soon.' She thought as she made her way to the bathroom. The light from the window blinded her for a moment. She really needed to pee but she wanted to splash some water on her face first. Wiping the water away from with towel she looked in the mirror to survey the damage from last night. That was when she screamed.

Simon woke up feeling strange. He needed to go to the toilet and throw up at the same time. Then he heard a scream. Jumping out of bed he ran towards the sound. He burst into the bathroom and froze. He was looking at himself. A heart beat passed before he started screaming too. Connie turned to see herself standing in the doorway and started screaming anew.

They were both screaming hysterically when Melody rushed in. "What the hell guys?" she yelled above their screams. Connie and Simon stopped and started taking deep breaths. "Someone explain what on earth is going on." Melody demanded.

"I'm a guy, I'm him, and he's me. Oh my God I'm loosing my mind." Connie said and started sobbing. Melody stared at what she thought was her brother crying. She'd never seen him cry. That fact alone made her wake up fast and pay attention. 

"What are you talking about?" Melody asked forcefully.

"It's true sis. I'm in Connie's body and she's in mine. What the fuck did you wish for last night?" Simon said out of Connie's mouth. Melody stared at them in shock. Her wish couldn't possibly have come true. It was just a bit of fun, wasn't it?

"Um can you guys please get out? I really need to pee. Though how I'm going to do that I don't know." Connie said. The others shuffled out and Connie stood at the toilet and pulled her boxers down. Not looking and praying that she'd got it in the bowl, she peed. After doing a little jiggle she pulled the boxers up and washed her hands. She went to rejoin the others in the living room. "That was the weirdest experience of my life." She breathed as she sat on the couch.

"Yeah. Me too. Not use to sitting down to pee." Simon echoed.

"Ok. Unless we are having a mass hallucination, you guys are really in each other's bodies." Melody began. "Last night I wished that you two would learn to understand each other. It seams that the fates have decided that this was the best way to do that." She continued. Both Connie and Simon started yelling over each other at Melody at this point. "Shut up!" Melody screamed. "You two are stuck this way until you sort it out. Now I suggest that Connie moves in here for a while and you two spend some time together. In a couple of weeks we've all got summer jobs to go to and that is going to be a complete fuck up if you don't get this fixed by then." Melody explained.

Simon and Connie looked at her and at each other. She had a point. In fact she had a lot of good points. Melody left the room and left them alone. "This sucks." Connie said.

"Yeah, no kidding." Simon responded. "What do you think we should do?"

"Well we should go to my place for starters and get some clothes and things if I'm going to stay here for a while. Then we should talk." She started.

"The first part sounds ok but talk about what?" he wondered.

"Well I'm not planning on staying inside forever. If I'm out and run into someone that you know I'd like to at least fake being you. Unless you want me to be me? That would really confuse people." She explained a little exasperated.

"Yeah Ok. I guess I don't want people thinking I'm psychotic or anything and you don't either so we better get to know each other." He sighed.

Connie went into Simon's room and hunted around for something to wear. It was a little disconcerting trying to put jeans on while arranging the bulge at the front. It took her a couple of goes to get it into a comfortable position. Simon on his part was having a hard time putting on a bra. He'd had enough experience in removing them, but putting one on was another story entirely. Finally dressed and ready they drove out to Connie's apartment.

Connie dragged out a small suitcase and started piling things in. Jeans, tops, shorts, a couple of skirts. When it came time to decide what underwear to bring she started blushing as she put some bras and panties in the suitcase. "Never figured you for the sexy lingerie." Simon smirked. 

"Shut up! This is embarrassing enough as it is. Besides I'm gonna have to know all your secrets so we might as well get use to it." She grumbled still putting items in the case. Connie moved to the bathroom to get all the girly things like moisturizer and makeup and pads. "Here." She said tossing him a packet. "Make sure you take this every day. Don't skip one." She emphasized.

"What's this?" he queried as he opened the packet and realized that it was the contraceptive pill. "Hey I have no plans on doing anything like that. It would be too weird. Besides I'm not attracted to guys. Girls on the other hand..." his voice trailed off as he thought about the possibilities.

"Don't even think about it." She yelled. "Look you wouldn't like it if I hit on a guy or anything. Word might get around. So let's make a deal. Until we sort out this mess. No hanky panky with the opposite or same sex." She offered. Simon thought it over. He realized that they would have to respect each other's bodies and therefore their lives so he agreed with her plan. As they were finishing up the packing Simon froze. 

"I just remembered I have a date on Friday night. Shit, shit, shit. I can't get out of it. I've already rescheduled twice. Damn." He said. Immediately Connie realized that she also had a date and told him about it. 

"What? I date. Just because I don't let you know all the gory details." She said to his chuckles. It was starting to freak her out seeing her own face make all those expressions. 

Finally they got back to Simon's place and took care of the basics. There was a period of severe embarrassment as they covered the essentials of personal hygiene. Simon was more frustrated than Connie with the amount of effort required. "Hey, I'm nervous enough about shaving every day. Don't make it worse." Connie said when he wouldn't stop grumbling. But he wouldn't let up. "Fine but you're the one with a waxing appointment on Tuesday." She said with the best haughty tone she could muster, it sounded strange coming out in Simon's deep voice.

Simon's jaw dropped. Lord that expression looked funny on her Connie thought and started laughing. Simon swore and stomped out of the room. Connie was grateful for the break. She was organizing Simon's wardrobe when Melody walked in. "Hi Simon, um, Connie, um. Heck I don't even know what to call you. I know you're Connie but you look like Simon. This is totally insane." Melody said.

"Just call me Simon. I'll have to get use to it for a while." Connie said sadly.

"Look Simon. I didn't mean for this to work out the way it did. I just wanted you guys to get along. I've already apologized to, um Connie. What's got her-him in a huff anyway?" Melody said in a rush.

"Its Ok Mel. You didn't mean this. Its just karma. Oh and Connie AKA Simon has a waxing appointment. I think she's a little freaked out." Connie said chuckling. Melody's eyes widened for a moment before she too dissolved into giggles. 

***

Instead of talking Simon and Connie spent the next couple of days avoiding each other. On Tuesday Connie practically had to wrestle Simon into the car to make the waxing appointment on time. She spent a fun hour or so listening to him squeal and yelp until it was over.

"I will never complain again." He breathed as he walked out of the salon. He was walking a little tenderly too since the treatment included a Brazilian. 

"Complain about what?" Connie asked.

"About how hairy a woman is. That was pure torture. You do this how often?" he asked.

"Oh every four to six weeks depending. And I'm glad you got a taste of how much trouble we go to." She said smugly. 

It was easier to talk after that. A shared experience of pain for fashion's sake does have bonding benefits. They talked about everything. School, friends, family, although Connie already knew a great deal about his from Melody. First kiss, to first sexual experience. Nothing was too embarrassing anymore. Melody was sometimes included but most of the time they just hung out on the couch and talked and laughed. They argued too, debated all kinds of topics but this time it usually ended with a laugh instead of a yelling match.

Friday rolled around quickly enough and Simon walked into his old room. "Hey, I know this is going to sound really dumb but, this date tonight, what do I wear?" he asked almost shyly. Connie was shocked. She didn't think he'd ever be asking for help let alone from her.

"Ok let's go and see what I've brought. If we don't find anything we can always borrow something of Mel's. Then there's hair and makeup." Connie said taking charge. Simon wrinkled his nose. It was an adorable expression on Connie's face and she found herself smiling. After an hour of getting ready they wished each other luck and headed off.

Connie was home first and waited for Simon wanting to hear how it went. He burst through the door and flopped on the couch throwing one arm over his eyes dramatically. "So spill." Connie demanded.

"You first." He said. "I just need a moment."

"Well, it was interesting." Connie started. Simon listened expectantly while Connie described the date. "Look it isn't that she's not a nice girl. It's just that she's a little self centred and well dumb. Every time I brought up a subject that I was interested she would interrupt and talk about her hairdresser or her friend or what she did on the week end. It was so frustrating. She was good to look at. He certainly thought so." She said pointing to her crotch; the damn thing had a mind of its own. "But I couldn't talk to her; I don't think she's good enough for you." Connie said quietly.

Simon was shocked. He'd thought pretty much the same thing about the girl but was forced into the date by his parents who knew her parents. He was surprised that Connie cared enough about what he would like to make such an honest comment. "Ok. My turn. If we ever get out of this mess, you are never allowed to see that guy ever again." He said forcefully.

"What?" Connie said astounded.

"He's a pig. He talked about himself all night. He didn't even consult me when he ordered. He kept patronizing me and staring at my tits. When I refused to kiss him good night he started calling me names. I know guys like that Connie. They come off as charming and fun, but they turn into controlling arseholes." He said in a rush.

It was Connie's turn to be amazed at his reaction. She didn't think he cared. They talked a little more about how men and women treat each other and concluded that both sexes can get it so wrong sometimes. Simon turned to pick up his purse and Connie groaned as she got a view of her ass.

"Hey, why do you do that? Why do you make that noise every time I turn around?" he asked. Connie didn't want to answer but they had been so honest about everything else.

"You probably won't get it, but when you turn I get to see my butt in all its hugeness. Mirrors don't give you the full picture so its a little frustrating seeing how annoyingly big it is." She said honestly. Simon just looked at her incredulously.

"You're right, I don't get it. I don't get that you wouldn't like this body. It's all curves and so soft. And these," he said grabbing his breasts, "are sensational. If I had to stay female, this would be a body I'd choose." He said almost angrily. "If you don't like this, I'd hate to think what you think of that." He said pointing at his own body. 

Connie blushed. It was hard for her to acknowledge her good points and not focus on the flaws. Hearing Simon's approval made her feel better. "You have a very nice body Simon and your cock is so big!" she exclaimed then slapped a hand over her mouth in shock when she realized what she'd said. Simon started laughing and after a while Connie joined in. They were in a ridiculous situation where they were finding out things about each other they may not have wanted to know. So a little laughter was certainly warranted. 
