 Lillitu wasn't angry. She wasn't angry at all. She was happy to know that dear Erdgar had gained the fortitude required to walk among the public with a bare face. And if her servants could be believed, and there was no reason not to, his wife was pleased to be seen with him.

She kept her most interesting guest, Lady Bethaline Bransted, in a secluded corner of the hall near a small table loaded with treats, teasing her by swiping a whipped cream covered cake with a very active tongue. Then she whispered to the pretty Bethaline, "Your Marquess Danthen hasn't come with you."

Bethaline's face reddened almost as dark as her rouge. "He's been quite busy, I'm afraid."

"Of course he's been busy." Lillitu popped the cake into her mouth, chomped on it a few times, then swallowed. She licked at her teeth, and then she said very smoothly, "Meanwhile, dear little Danetta has found an attentive man."

Bethaline made a pouty huff of a sound.

"You don't believe she could possibly be happy with that man, do you?"

"I can't believe you'd believe it."

Lillitu smirked at her.

***

Yes.

Her mind was screaming out the word yes.

She wasn't in her bedroom. She was in her husband's. It was a bedroom in the townhouse, not the castle, but that didn't matter. This was another step closer to her husband's heart, and she wanted that heart. She had already opened hers up to him.

The room was somewhat bare, but an ashy, woody scent was all around. There was a good amount of space for moving about, which was excellent. They were going to need it.

Danetta demanded that before they undress, they should light as many lamps as safely as possible. Only when several glowing lights allowed her to see every inch of her husband's face did she reach toward him to pull away his clothing.

Yes.

There was no disgust, no revulsion. At worst, she felt pity as his body was revealed. From the navel up, there were angry scars. Her palms slithered all around his flesh, and she kissed as much of him as he allowed.

Still fully dressed in her extravagant ballgown and elaborate jewelry, Danetta knelt down, her skirts crunching and brushing against themselves on the hardwood floor. Her tongue tasted the rouge on her lips, and she grinned.

The sight of her husband's hardening penis was rather lovely.

Yes!

"Erdgar," she cooed up to him, "I love you. I love you so solemnly that I nearly feel pain."

His fingers massaged her neck. He looked down at her with an askew grin. "Is that so?"

"Yes!" Danetta reached up and gripped his haunches. From the waist down, he was fairly normal. There was even body hair, and her palms were tickled by the delicious rustling there. Her ears were thrilled by the scratchy sounds. Her nose was happy to inhale the masculine, heady scent coming from his groin. "I want to please you, Dear Husband."

"Wait for me to tell you I love you."

She had to stop herself from laughing. Then she cleared her throat and waited.

"I love you, Danetta. I've always admired your beauty, but now I understand that I have love for you."

"Are you certain, Dear Master?" She was teasing him.

"Of course, my Sweet Mistress."

"Then let me please you."

"Hmmm?" Erdgar's fingernail delicately tapped her earrings, making little "ta ta ta" noises.

She reached around and pressed her fingers into his buttocks, kneading them, leading him closer to her hungry mouth. Her lips expanded over the head of his penis, and then she sucked as much of him in as she could.

Erdgar moaned deep, and Danetta loved the sound. She let her fingers slide back around to his front, and then she reached under him, to his testicles. She was pleased to note that they were warm, soft, and delightfully hairy. Her palms and fingers cupped the testicles cautiously. Danetta didn't know much about testicles, but she imagined that one needed to be careful with them. They seemed so delicate.

"Yes ... oh yes, Darling!"

Soon, he was ramming himself into her mouth, and Danetta was making little murmurs with every thrust against her throat. The thickness was intense. The soreness was returning, the long, almost cramp-like, feeling that seemed to come whenever her husband's eager erection was pushing into her mouth. Her happiness blanketed over the pain.

Soon, though, Erdgar moved away, sliding his penis out of her mouth. He gripped her silk clad arm and pulled her to her feet. Then he bent over her and kissed her so acutely, so heavily, that Danetta nearly swooned. His arm crossed over her back, and his tongue ravaged her senses. He was tasting himself in her mouth, groaning into her. He was also likely tasting her rouge. It was spreading around his mouth, and he didn't seem to care.

Danetta did, though. She patted his chest with her palm and wrenched her mouth away. "Erdgar! I've ruined your face! We should wash ourselves."

A red, almost wicked grin flashed down at her.

They both hurried to clean their faces clean at a wash stand. Their movements were so rushed, so rough, that Danetta's face burned and tingled from the scrubbing. She imagined that Erdgar's face felt much the same. Danetta decided to wipe his penis clean too, since her makeup was all over that area. Erdgar had rather enjoyed that.

Then their hearts and minds were renewed with lustful vigor. They held each other again, kissing and nuzzling. Erdgar helped her to undress, but he still stole moments to kiss or stroke her. When she was in nothing but her chemise and stockings, he lost his patience. He literally lifted her up, one arm at her back and the other under her knees. While his arms were strong and steady, they were also quite scarred by fire. Danetta didn't really mind. He functioned perfectly well.

Gingerly, carefully, he placed his wife onto his bed, which held a combination of scents, all of them manly. Danetta chirped like a bird and stretched out her limbs. Her hair had been set free, and it tumbled over the blankets and bed-sheets. She knew her body was flushed and waiting for him.

"Erdgar, won't you touch me? Please?"

The man bent over her, and his right hand slid up and down one of her thighs. Her chemise was gathered up in the process, revealing more of her blushing skin. Danetta's breath was laboring in her bosom. Her great breasts joggled against her torso. Her nipples stiffened.

Quickly, his fingers skated over the blonde curls between her thighs, putting a light pressure between her delicate labia. Danetta shivered and clawed her hands into pillows above her head.

"There's an angel in my bed." Erdgar's eyes, as misshapen as the lids were, seemed to hold a ravenous joy. He put more weight in his fingers, touching more of her. Her toes dug into the bed-sheets as he said, "I remember the taste of her nectar very well."

A finger slipped inside. Danetta squealed as her inner muscles spasmed and squeezed around it. She heard something slick and gooey, and she realized she was already wet for her loving husband.

"Are you releasing your sweet nectar for me, Darling?"

Some of Danetta's fingers flew up to her mouth. She whined against them.

His thumb lightly touched her blooming clitoris, and she almost bit her hand.

"Would you let me drink from you, Sweet Angel?"

She keened out something incomprehensible.

He crawled onto the bed, over her, causing the mattress to sink. His warmth cradled her senses. The hair on his thighs brushed between her legs, the bristling sensations penetrating her stockings. Her glistening cunt loved the roughness. Danetta was bold enough to force herself on one of his thighs, rubbing herself against the crisp hair. Erdgar was happy to let her do as she pleased for a few moments, but he soon grew weary of it.

He tugged her chemise away, tossing it over his shoulder. His hands pulled her legs apart, and then he shuffled his body backwards. He was soon on his belly, and his hands pressed down on her upper thighs, keeping her spread for him. His breath tickled her, and she flinched.

"Oh Erdgar!"

His tongue was right where she wanted it to be, and although the sensation was familiar, she knew she could never tire of it. Her clitoris seemed to ache, but in that wonderful way she loved, as his tongue scraped against her. Then one of his hands left her thigh.

Two fingers curled into her, pressing against a hidden little ridge.

"Ah! Aahhhh!"

It was almost as good as his cock. Danetta thrashed against the bed. She even threw a pillow across the room. Her nerves were buzzing with electricity.

When his lips practically jammed onto her clitoris, she almost went blind. She was filled up and being so lovingly suckled. She hardly believed it. And the feelings went on and on, for so long that it was nearly torture. She begged him to stop, but then she begged him to keep going. She was turning mad.

And she screamed.

And as her vision cleared, he left her feeling empty.

Then he was moving again, adjusting his position.

He was kneeling over her, ready to push his cock into her excited little cunt, only this time she could see him. Danetta could actually look at him as he sunk into her, as his teeth clenched, as his fingernails dug into her skin.

"Damn! You're tight! So tight!"

Her legs were lifted up. Her breasts were bouncing. Her breath was almost as frantic as his. She loved every little centimeter of his cock. It seemed to press into every part of her channel. His testicles slapped against her with every thrust.

"Yes, yes, yes, by the gods!" Danetta was completely lost in her pleasure, and in her husband's.

"You like your husband's big cock in you?"

"Always! Always! Oh, Erdgar!"

And he stopped.

"What? Erdgar? Why did you stop?" She felt him pull out of her, and she weeped out her misery.

"Turn over."

Oh my! 

Danetta flipped herself onto her belly. Then she felt a hand pull her weight to her knees. She felt a little bit like a crawling baby.

Fingers pressing into her hips.

Oh ... she didn't know one could do it that way.

It was tight and hot, and she loved it.

She could barely take the weight pushing her forward, but she was howling and screaming with pure delight. She was trying not to become dizzy. She burned between her legs. She throbbed. She sucked him in with every thrust, and she shuddered every time he withdrew. Her arms were weak. She didn't care. She tried to keep herself up.

"Tell me, Darling! Tell me you love my cock!"

Danetta was panting, but she managed to gasp out, "Ah! I love your cock!"

"Again!" He almost seemed angry, but she loved it.

Her breasts were swinging back and forth. The mattress was squeaking in the bed's frame.

"I love your cock! Oh! Oh, Erdgar!"

Danetta's upper half fell forward. Her weight was put on her weak arms, but she could still feel her husband pushing himself into her quivering pussy.

"Do you want more?" His cock twitched in her.

"Yes! Please! Give me more!"

"This way?"

Oh. Dear. Sweet. Gods! Was he deeper? Did he just push a little bit deeper?

Danetta's body seemed to stretch for him, pull him in. Her eyes bulged and her jaw dropped. She couldn't form any words. All she could do was utter broken little sounds.

Harder, harder, and harder it went.

Slapping sounds, smacking sounds, wet little sounds.

Danetta was absolutely enthralled to learn that such beauty could be found with a man. Her orgasm was torn from her, to the point where she thought her soul was bleeding, and she had absolutely no regrets.

As Erdgar's thrusts became erratic, as he roared and filled her with his seed, Danetta silently wished that everyone in the world could know this pleasure.

***

"You've been smoking the Green Star all this time?"

Erdgar nodded at his wife as he sat near an open window, lighting up a long and thin pipe.

Danetta held her light robe close to her body as she stepped closer to him. "I suppose that explains why you act so strangely at times."

Under the city's firelight, Erdgar rolled his eyes. "I don't do this for the sake of it. I have ghastly headaches every now and then. This drug keeps me sane."

Danetta lightly patted his shoulder. It was covered by a smoking jacket, but he wasn't wearing much of anything else. His bare face and hands were out for any passers-by to see, and whenever someone did notice him, a wry grin came across his unfortunately impaired features.

As he took a long inhale of the drug, Danetta pulled a chair beside him and took the seat. "I imagine the headaches are because of the fire."

He kept the smoke inside him for a tense moment. Then he blew it all out the window and coughed painfully. When he was calm again, he told her, "I honestly don't remember all the events from that night."

He didn't smell as pleasant as he usually did. Danetta blamed the smoke.

"Should I fetch something for you, perhaps a fresh cup of tea?" She imagined he might want a snack soon.

"That would be marvelous." Erdgar coughed again.

Danetta picked up a lit candle and made her way to the dark kitchen. She packed up some leftover desserts, a few sweet biscuits, a slice of cake, and a box of sweetmeats. When everything was put into a neatly wrapped package, she put some water in a kettle and lit the stove. The cook was sleeping, and so were most of the maids. Her handmaidens were sleeping in her bedroom, but Danetta didn't want to bother them or anyone else.

She had to wait a few minutes for the water to boil. Then she poured it into a teapot. She put a little bag of peppermint tea into the teapot and smiled. When she was carefully balancing a tray of tea and cups on one hand and holding the package of sweets with the other, she felt very proud of herself. A stray maid happened to walk down a hallway, though, and she offered her assistance.

Erdgar was very relaxed when Danetta and the maid entered his room, presenting him with bright and sugary treats. He wasn't smoking anything anymore. The hot bowl of his pipe was balanced on a beautiful ashtray. It was a white pottery piece with bleeding heart flowers painted on it. The bottom was held up by little golden legs, carved in a similar fashion to a luxurious table or chair's legs.

Danetta took a cup of tea as she watched her husband gobble down almost everything she had brought for him. Then he took his own cup of tea and slurped it down. Danetta smiled at him.

"I'm worried you might turn soft and plump, my Husband."

His voice was slow, but friendly. "You're a silly, willy honey baby." He nudged a crumpet towards her. "Would you like to have this?"

She shook her head.

"It's mine, then, aaaaaaalll mine." He crammed the crumpet between his teeth and tore into it with the same vigor as a wild creature. When he had finished eating the thing, he brought up a peculiar subject. "Lillitu was once my lover, by the by."

Danetta almost spilled her tea. Her nose and cheeks warmed. "What do you mean?"

"What do you think it means? We had sex with each other, so much sex, aaaaaaaaalll the sex. We ended it when I became engaged to marry Bethaline. I thought that was the best course of action."

Danetta didn't trust her hands to keep her tea from spilling onto herself. She put her cup on the window ledge before her hands reached their limit. "Was Lillitu upset with you?"

"I believe she'd hoped to be my bride at some point, but she soon accepted the truth. She found new lovers. I imagine it won't be long before she accepts a betrothal."

"Were you Bethaline's lover too?"

Erdgar took a long sip of tea. Then he beamed. "Naaaahhhh. Bethaline's a prude. Nothing wrong with being a prude, but she was tease too. Big tease. Big, fat, cock-tease."

Danetta's eyelid twitched. "I don't know what that word means."

His fingers patted the window ledge with great weight and power, as if he was trying to push something down. "It means she's was flirty, and kissy, and always making promises, but she never delivered."

"So, she behaved as you did earlier in our marriage."

He narrowed his eyes at her. "Worse than that. At least you got to cum." He put a fist to his mouth and coughed into it. Then he yawned and stretched his limbs out. His arm went around her in the process. "Don't be jealous, Danetta. This was all in the past, and the only woman I want is you."

"Why didn't you marry Lillitu when Bethaline renounced you?"

Erdgar groaned and tilted his head back. "Uuuuughhh ... someone was courting her at the time. Besides, I didn't want to marry her. She's too vulgar."

Danetta didn't know if he was being a hypocrite or not. She sighed. "I suppose I should be grateful for your honesty." Then a little smile grew. "What should I do if any of these women decide they want to revive any affections my husband might have for them?"

The man's shoulder jerked up. "Nothing. I'd act for you. I'd tell the women I have no interest in them. Lady Bransted would receive a bit more ire, though, the nettling thing!"

"And what should I do if my husband changes his mind and craves the attentions of another?"

His lips went down to her cheek. A quick kiss, then he said, "When the year is up, take me to court and divorce me."

"And make do without all your luxurious gifts? That would be foolish."

"Then ... hmmmmm ... keep your body far from me, and find a lover to keep you occupied."

Danetta leaned into his body. She had to scrape her chair closer. "What if I became pregnant with another man's child?"

"I'd only have myself to blame, and I'd dote on the child out of guilt."

"If you didn't dote on the child," Danetta said, reaching up to grip the hand on her shoulder, "I'd be furious. The child would be innocent in all of this insanity."

"Hmmm ... would you like to make a child now?" His brow wiggled. He didn't have any eyebrows, but she understood the expression. It was silly and sweet.

"I'd rather not. You're acting strange, and you smell like something badly cooked."

He made a dismissive sound. It was something like, "Meeeeeeeh."

Later, Danetta thought to ask her husband what color his eyes were. She couldn't quite figure it out.

"They're gray, Darling. They aren't anything special."

Danetta kissed his eyelids and told him, "Even gray is beautiful. Don't ever forget that."

***

As Lillitu's mare trotted through a popular park, her gloved fingers tightened over the reigns. She appeared confident, wearing her dark riding habit and fashionable hat. She wasn't feeling so confident. A quandary of morality was tumbling about in her brain.

There was something she was considering ... an action ... and if she didn't do this, she wouldn't have her wish granted.

She had her horse pause at a colorful tree, and she thought to soothe her mind with the summery flowers blooming on the branches.

A somewhat familiar voice called up to her, "My Lady, have you granted your own wish yet?"

Lillitu looked down and saw that old woman that had prayed to the God of Hope. Her grin was missing so many teeth, but she looked happy and friendly.

"Hello there, Dear Madam," Lillitu said. "It's good to see you. Is there anything I can do for you?"

The old woman shrugged under her worn and patched clothing. "I only want to know if you have your wish yet."

With a soft little nod, Lillitu said down to the old woman, "I'm trying my best, but I'm worried that I might harm someone in the process, which isn't my intention at all. I might even invalidate my wish."

The old woman waved her wrinkled hand as if batting an insect away. "That's not a problem! Simply examine how and why you'd harm someone, and try to remove as much of the harm as possible!"

"But then, my wish might not be granted!" 

The old woman tilted her head. "Alright, I think we're being too vague here. I have no idea what we're talking about."

Lillitu sighed. She was convinced that this woman was no help. "I should take my leave, Madam. Excuse me."
