 They did it every night.

Danetta let him tie her up in the same position, blindfold her, and do whatever he pleased, which would always please her.

She was starting to wonder if she'd become pregnant soon.

That thought, and quite a few more, were chiseling at her psyche as she rode with her husband in a carriage one evening. They were on their way to Lillitu's dinner party.

While there were daily visits with lessons from Lillitu on the days leading up to the party, they'd also sometimes see public pleasure gardens, which often had hedge mazes, small and informal concerts, zoos, acrobatic performers, and even athletic competitions. Danetta had heard that one recently constructed pleasure garden had amusement rides, peculiar machines that moved people about for the simple joy of it.

The couple also visited more formal theaters. There were many plays, grand concerts, ballets, and other fun things to sit back and watch. They also took regular walks together, usually in shopping districts. Restaurant and coffee shops were also on the list of favorite places to visit.

Danetta was slightly nervous every time she went out to the public, even though she felt proud to have Erdgar as a husband, even if he did smell funny sometimes and acted a little bit too placid. While people in general were polite, nobody had any hint of warmth in them.

When Erdgar's appearance was noticed, and it often was, there would always be staring, which her husband ignored. The lower class people were more timid when they were seen reacting negatively to Erdgar's mask. They knew their reputations could be impaired for disrespecting an aristocrat. The upper classes were less afraid to be caught giggling or gossiping about him, but they never said anything obviously cruel to the couple's faces, except for something nasty carefully hidden in a statement that seemed polite on the surface.

Danetta thought that if she became pregnant, perhaps they'd be considered a bit more normal. As her heavily ringed fingers pressed together in her lap, the jewelry lightly tinkling against themselves as the carriage jostled on the street, she imagined herself heavily pregnant.

Once the little creature in her belly would become something Danetta would call a child, her waist wouldn't be as pinched in as it normally was. It would be large and rounded. She'd have to wear a special set of stays that didn't constrict her body as much and had more laces for a growing waistline. She'd also have to keep herself in her home during the later months, because she was a high class woman. Pregnancy was considered to be a mostly private topic, anyway.

She could speak about it with her husband, though, without fear.

"Erdgar, I imagine you'd want children soon."

She heard him say, "It would be best to have someone to inherit my title and estate."

"I'd be honored to bear your children, Dear Master." Danetta nodded and looked up at his covered, shadowy head.

"Ah, Dear Mistress," Erdgar said with a mild laugh, "a child of mine would be a child of yours. It would be our child. You would bear our children."

Danetta smiled at him. "I hope our children will know their father's face."

His tan colored leather gloves constricted around the handle of his cane. It was a different cane than the one he normally carried around. It had a wider handle, which was covered in beautiful dark blue lacquer with white and red flower designs. Each flower's outline was drawn in silver.

"Ah ... Sweet Danetta, that's also my hope, but you must remember that you've married a coward."

"So you say, Erdgar." She admired his body for a moment, remembering how he had oh so delicately kissed her lips the night before. His tongue had lightly grazed her lips, as if he'd wanted to plunge the organ into her mouth. However, he never did so. He might have been afraid to press his mouth too closely to her. Perhaps he had some scars near his mouth he didn't want her to feel.

His coat and breeches were of a matching fabric. They were a very pale blue with embroidery in gold and coral colors. His waistcoat was the most coral thing on him, a pale orange color base with white buttons. Even his mask of wrapped fabric was brighter. He had chosen fabric of a white color, wrapped several times about his head, with the typical little holes at the eyes and nose. He must have his own method for crafting each piece of fabric, so that once it was properly fitted on his head, the holes were in their correct places.

Danetta loved to see him in a merry outfit, a pretty outfit for both spring and summer. She had never been to the sea, but his color scheme reminded her of a faint concept of a seashore. "Erdgar, despite your condition, you're a stunning picture."

"I can't possibly be so lovely to you, especially under the obscurity of night." He tapped the carriage's floor with his expensive cane. This seemed to be a habit of his. "Certainly, all these lavish colors are ruined by the lack of sunlight."

"Oil lamps and candlelight are quite ample for my purposes, Erdgar."

"That's sensible, I suppose." He tapped the carriage floor again. Then he drummed his fingertips on his cane's handle and cleared his throat. "You seem beautiful to me, no matter what light you're under. Perhaps I should reconsider my logic."

Her ears, cheeks, nose, throat, and bosom all turned pink at his statement, but she was very happy and proud.

Danetta clapped her hands together when the carriage stopped at Lillitu's townhouse. She gripped her closed, pink hand fan with excited fingers as she watched her husband exit the carriage. The fan's attached cord was looped about her wrist, keeping it from falling, which was wise, because as she was helped out of the carriage she had to keep her skirts in check. Then she took her husband's arm with proud fingers. Her shoulders were straight. Her head was high.

A butler let them into the house and led them to a drawing room full of guests. Danetta didn't know the anyone's names, but she knew the ones with crests on their clothing were nobles. Danetta had her own crest, a silver pin with white pearls bordering the edges, on the center of her neckline. She forced a smile as she noticed the speculative, judgmental looks of the other guests, and then she went with Erdgar to a corner of the room.

Nobody tried to speak to them. Danetta leaned in closer to her husband. When she felt the weight of his hand on top of her coiffure of braids, she sighed.

Not even five minutes passed, and three more people emerged. Danetta gasped. Erdgar's fingers stiffened on her shoulder.

Duke Kristof Bransted and his sister, Lady Bethaline Bransted were together, dressed impeccably and looking a little bit unimpressed at their surroundings. The third person arrived a moment after them. It was Batren Saivio, Danetta's father. He had on a remarkably nice coat. Danetta assumed it was new because she had never seen it before. It was a shiny red color with pretty buttons.

Why ... in the world ... did Lillitu invite these people? Her father, Danetta could somewhat understand. The Bransteds, though? Why the Bransteds? Why did they even come? Danetta didn't even think that Lillitu cared for them. She knew what the Lady Bransted had done to her dear friend!

Danetta made a little mournful noise, but she calmed down when Erdgar bent down to whisper in her ear, "Don't speak to them unless they speak to you. The same for your father."

As if he knew he was being spoken about, Danetta's father tried to approach them, but he was interrupted when Lillitu, the cheerful little hostess, pranced into the drawing room and announced that it was time for dinner. Still clinging to her husband for emotional and physical support, Danetta walked with him and the other guests to the formal dining room. Hired musicians were playing stringed instruments for the guests' pleasure.

She ended up sitting between Erdgar and her father. Lillitu was gracious enough to see to it that Erdgar didn't receive any plates or beverages. What bothered Danetta was that Lady Bransted was sitting across from her husband, and Duke Bransted was sitting across from her. The Duke Bransted gave her casually licentious looks every once in a while, but he didn't speak to her. He spoke with his sister and the other person beside him. His sister spoke to him, obviously, and to the other person next to her.

Danetta tried to be very polite to her father, who kept asking her about her financial situation, and tried to hint that he needed more money. She wanted to help him. She honestly did, but she was afraid of doing anything that would upset Erdgar. Danetta understood that since she was married, her loyalty was meant to be for her husband.

She wasn't required to be absolutely loyal to her father anymore. Danetta hadn't made any attempt to reconnect with him since she'd arrived in Henrisk, partially because she'd been so busy, but also because she knew Erdgar didn't want her to see him. "Don't go over to that man," he had told her one evening. "Don't concern yourself with a brute even more cowardly than your husband."

Then Danetta had to insist to Erdgar that he wasn't a coward, which led to cuddling, which lead to her being tied up and blindfolded again.

Hmmm ... still ... she pitied her father. Even with his debt payed off, he apparently had a few problems keeping up his shipping company.

The only people Erdgar showed any attempt to have a conversation with were Danetta and Lillitu. It should be noted, however, that Lillitu was the hostess, and she sat at the head of the table. She had several guests to cater to.

And at one point, that perky little hostess called out, "My Dear Lady Bransted, I do believe congratulations are in order!" Her voice was polite. It wasn't as imprudent as it normally was.

The lady's dark eyes flashed out gratification. She barely turned her elegant head to Lillitu. "Of course, My Lady. I'm engaged to marry the Lord of Elistra, Marquess Danthen." She sounded so boastful, as if she had a real catch of a man. Danetta tried not to judge her harshly, though. For all she knew, this Marquess could have been the handsomest, wealthiest, most sexually skilled male in all of the land. Besides, there wasn't anything wrong with having pride in one's partner. Danetta herself was quite taken with her match.

Still, there was something smug about Lady Bransted's tone and facial expression.

Danetta's opinion of the lady changed a bit when she said to Lillitu, "I hope you'll forgive me, My Lady, for finding a mate before you."

"Oh, there's nothing to forgive," Lillitu merrily responded. Her geometric necklace seemed to glow under the light of the scones and candelabras. Her blue eyes reflected the little flames around her. "I'm not concerned with time running away from me. I'm confident that even ten years from now, I'll have my youth." She really didn't look like she was thirty, but the way she spoke certainly told her age. She wasn't a careless, wild teenager. In fact, under the candlelight, Danetta could almost see something under her eyes that might have hinted at time catching up with her. She didn't think it was very noticeable, though.

Danetta noted the slight wince in Lady Bransted's face. Lillitu was implying that Lady Bransted would age faster than Lillitu. Lillitu was also implying that she had a better constitution.

"Oh, is that so, Dear Marchioness? I suppose it can be quite difficult to find a man of quality, since men of quality aren't attracted to prepubescents."

Silence stretched out all around the table. Not even the clinking of glasses, plates, and silverware reached anyone's ears.

Then the silence was broken by Lillitu's earnest laugh. "Quite a few wonderful, perfectly normal men admire a delicate woman. Anyone well acquainted with the decent people of society would understand this fact."

Oh my ... Lillitu just insulted the Lady's ability to interact with good people! She implied that Lady Bransted familiarizes herself with the worst sorts of people! Danetta turned to her husband with a lowered jaw. Erdgar was ignoring the conversation. His hands were in his lap. Danetta had no idea what he was thinking of. She couldn't even figure out what his emotional state was. He was as blank as a fresh and unused journal.

This exchange went on for some time, even into the second course of the dinner. Danetta didn't know what to think of it. Eventually, though, the two women seemed to agree to disagree, and they tittered to each other.

After dinner was finished, and after Danetta had politely thanked Lillitu for the meal, she overheard a few words between Lillitu and the Lady Bransted.

"I'm so glad to know that you've long forgotten your troubles with our Dear Erdgar," Lillitu had said very sweetly.

"Oh, that was years ago!" the lovely Lady Bransted said behind her black lace folding fan. She sounded so cultured and genteel. "If I held my grudge any longer, my reputation might be marked."

Despite her statement, she hadn't spoken to Erdgar, barely even looked at him. Danetta almost wished she could throw a vase at her sparkling and well nurtured head.

She was still seething with unreleased fury in the carriage on the way home. Her voice was raring to throw ire at any person, and at that moment she was close to her husband. Danetta was afraid of giving him an undeserved reprimand. Understanding this problem, Danetta chose to remain silent for a long time. She only spoke when Erdgar addressed her.

"My Dearest Duchess, you seem to be in a malaise."

Danetta made a sound like a combination between a goat's bleat and a dog's tired whine.

"I had hoped for a more pleasant evening," her husband continued, shrugging, "but it seems that Lillitu has ruined her own dinner party."

Danetta tried not to pout.

"I can't say I understand why she invited three people we obviously don't want to see, but I do plan on questioning her soon."

That pacified her for some reason. Danetta took a breath and smiled at him. "Perhaps she wanted everyone to make peace?"

"Hmmm?" Erdgar's covered head turned. Danetta thought he was looking out a window. "She was once friends with Lady Bransted. You might have something there. Lillitu's a bit older than her, perhaps a bit wiser too?"

***

On the afternoon after the dinner party, Marchioness Lillitu Masen was having a very private tea party with the pretty Lady Bethaline Bransted, and nobody else.

"I still can hardly believe you've been inviting me to your home, silly little Marchioness," the dark eyed woman said, leaning over the table and displaying her bosom with a great deal of pride.

Lillitu poured more tea into her cup for her. "You seem disturbed by my invitations, My Lady."

"Perhaps I am."

Lillitu's lips quirked up on one side. "Then why do you come when I call?"

The curvier, taller woman hesitated. Her fingers hovered over a small sandwich that had its crusts removed.

Lillitu's lips stretched into a very informed grin. "For five years you never came because I never called, and here you are now, because I called you."

The guest's plump lower lip was pulled under her teeth. Her eyes looked so dark that they seemed black.

"Should we return to our first name basis?" Lillitu held her cup of tea close to her happy little mouth, but she didn't take a sip.

"Is that something you'd desire, little Marchioness?" Bethaline's voice cracked.

"Perhaps, but you'd have to be friendlier with my dear Erdgar and his sweet little butterfly of a wife. Otherwise, I'd lose my patience with you again." Lillitu took drew in some of her tea, swallowed, and let the warm liquid slither down her throat. Then she sighed. "Don't think for a moment I haven't noticed you gazing at me so longingly from across every ballroom we happened to dance on, from every street we traveled on, and everywhere else."

"Ah!" The Lady Bransted dropped a sandwich. The little rectangle of food bounced and landed on the lacy tablecloth.

Lillitu went on calmly, as if describing a mathematical equation. "You do like to pretend you're somehow superior to me, but you're the one who only comes when called, and I'm the one who calls, pretty little Bethaline."

Dismay, shame, hope, all these emotions flashed across Lady Bethaline Bransted's face.

And Lillitu knew she had her in her tiny fingers.

She knew that Bethaline was remembering something from five years ago, just before Erdgar's horrible accident.

In Lillitu's townhouse, in the very room they were currently having tea in, something happened.

They were both younger, happier, and Bethaline dared to lean into Lillitu when nobody else was around. She whispered into Lillitu's bejeweled ear with a shaky voice, "Is it true?"

Of course it was true.

Lillitu had kissed a few women, even did more than that.

"Why would you need to know such a thing?" Lillitu had said that while sliding her fingers against Bethaline's wrist.

"It's simply that ... I didn't know you could do that."

Lillitu had smiled. Then she demonstrated, pulling the taller woman down to her level.

Sweet at first, then hot and full of control, Lillitu licked at her and sucked her tongue inside. She stroked the taller woman's cheek and hummed deep into her throat.

Then she pulled away and smiled.

Lillitu had done that to her only once.

And as she currently sat across from Bethaline, sipping warm tea and reminding her of that kiss from five years ago, Lillitu knew she'd be able to grant her own wish.

She put her cup on its saucer with a frail little chink of a sound. Her silken skirts swished in the air as she left her chair and walked around the little table. Lillitu's blue eyes were partially hidden behind heavy eyelids as she leaned over the still seated Bethaline. Her lips grazed over Bethaline's hairline, then lower, to just above the pearl in her ear lobe.

"You've always been somewhat of a prude, Bethaline. Has that changed in the past five years, or was that kiss of mine your first and only?"

The intake of a concerned breath. The curling of the perfectly manicured fingers. The reddening cheeks and nose. Lillitu recognized all these signs from the woman, and she understood that Bethaline hadn't kissed anyone else. If she had, she'd be boasting about it.

"Ah. There we are." Lillitu purposely let her voice turn syrupy and hot. "Now I know why you only come when I call."

And Lillitu leaned over and around her, putting a kiss on the hungry woman's mouth. Her brain triumphed when Bethaline groaned and embraced her. The taller woman rose from her seat, and then fabrics rustled against each other. Jewelry clattered and plinked. Soft, overindulged hands grabbed and tugged. Then Lillitu tugged herself away and gazed up at Bethaline with cocksure eyes and parted lips.

"Dear Bethaline, won't you sit back down and turn to me?" Lillitu jerked her head towards the door. "I'll lock the door and see about teaching you something new."

As Bethaline complied, Lillitu locked the door quietly. Then she sauntered back to the taller woman and knelt before her.

"Pull up the skirts. I need to see you."

Bethaline's fingers were trembling, but they succeeded in pulling away her skirts. Even her chemise was yanked up. Lillitu nudged apart her stocking clad legs and peeked between her pale thighs. Dark hair and heat were there. Bethaline was properly bare. It wasn't normally considered proper for a gentlewoman to wear drawers as a man did.

"What ... what are you going to do?" Bethaline's voice was as thin as an old insect's wing desperately flickering in a winter's cruel air.

Lillitu licked her lips. "You don't have any notions in your head?"  

"Nnnn ... no?"

Lillitu laughed deep and slid her head under the skirts, between the woman's uncertain thighs. One of her hands joined her face, and she used two slender fingers to spread Bethaline's flushing lips apart.
