 Stepping lightly was not easy for a giant horse-man, especially not when he'd only been a giant horse-man for a little over twenty-four hours, but Christoph managed it well enough to not ruin the carefully plowed lines he'd made just the other day as he walked along the field and planted potato seeds in the afternoon light. If anything, the big dumb horse part of him made the whole thing easier since he could drop the seeds in place, then just use one shovel-sized hoof to push the furrowed soil closed over them.

Simplicity itself.

He sighed with content as he did his work, though it was with less content than his usual contentful work sighs. Christoph liked farming, he liked the idea of ushering in new life, of helping feed the folks in town, liked working hard for a fair boss and earning his pay.

The only problem was that now he also liked fucking his boss' son and daughter, sprinting around the farm to feel the wind in his hair, and eating enough food that Keldor's calculations had him going back to town for more supplies in a week instead of a month.

He let out another sigh, one of frustration as he thought about the strange magic on him, how it was affecting his life. Sure, it made a few things awkward, and he couldn't go inside most buildings, but he lost his virginity, he was tall and strong, and the running, oh the running was nice. The staring less so. He was very glad that Keldor's farm was far enough away from town that people would have to be extremely bored to come and gawk at him en masse, but that didn't mean that no one came to see him.

That morning, as he'd been running the lanes between the fields in an attempt to burn off his excess energy after breakfast, he realized he was being watched. On the main road, leaning on the gate that separated the lane leading to the house from the road, was a woman with raven dark hair and a burgundy cloak. As Christoph approached, the raven haired woman turned out to be Melissa, the wife of the mayor. 

In Plowman's Rest, mayorship lasted until everyone agreed that it was time for a new mayor, which meant it was the closest thing that most of the locals ever got to seeing nobility since it usually lasted until the mayor died. This was why Melissa had married a humorless, unattractive man like the mayor. This was a fact that both she and her husband freely admitted, neither ashamed of their trophy marriage.

The rumor around town, however, was that she was also sleeping around on him. Neither of them would give credence to such rumors, but just looking at her, it was hard to doubt.

Melissa was absolutely gorgeous, not in spite of, but because of her years, the time aging her like a fine wine, giving her an air of maturity and focus that drew many eyes indeed. That, her solid six foot height, and the fact that her tits were the size of her head didn't hurt either.

As she pushed open the gate, Christoph could see she was dressing to make them look even bigger, a bustier not quite hidden by a borderline scandalous dress making her cleavage look incredibly deep. 

Granted, she often dressed like that when she went out around town, but it was still a sight to behold.

"Hello, Christoph," she said with a purr, closing the gate behind her. 

"Hello, m'lady," he said, more than a little nervous as he took his hat off.

"No need to be so formal dear, there's no one else here," she said with a tittering laugh as she walked past him, beckoning him to follow with a glance over her shoulder before strolling off down the path he'd just come from. "I'll admit, I'm not here on any business of my husband's. I really just wanted to get a look at you, since I missed you yesterday."

"I suppose I can't blame you," he said with a sigh, trotting until he was beside her. "But I can hope that not everyone will try to come and stare."

"You poor boy," she said dryly, looking him up and down. "You can't say you haven't gained anything from whatever happened to you."

"True," he agreed, flexing his arms a bit for her to see, warmth flowing through him as she smiled. Without any other prompting, he wondered what those ruby-painted lips might look like stretched around his cock. His mind quickly wandered to the previous night, to fucking the twins into a cum-flooded stupor, how their bodies had so graciously deformed around his ridiculous horsemeat. 

Part of him knew they should have died, that the human body didn't stretch like that, but most of him was incredibly aroused that they had stretched like that. For him.

One of the things he'd been a little worried about was being a virgin forever, not because he was unattractive, but because people and horses did not mix that way, not without serious injury. Now that he knew that wasn't an issue, there was a whole world of possibilities to explore.

And the eyes he was pretty sure Melissa was making at him said she was having similar thoughts.

Looking at her eyes made him realize she'd been talking.

"I'm sorry, what?"

"Oh my, not listening to your elders, shame on you Christoph!" she teased, laughing softly as she turned and lead the way further from the farmhouse. "I was saying, I really wanted to see what you could do, how you stack up to other men now, and other horses."

"Oh? And, what did you have in mind?" he asked, part of him thinking of some kind of obstacle course or something, while another part of him surged to life beneath the barrel of his body. 

He hoped she didn't look.

He really hoped she did.

"Oh, this and that," she said as they came up to a corn field. "Tell me, Christoph, what is your opinion of the outdoors?"

"I like them a lot more now that I can't fit inside most houses," he joked, following her as she made her way through the tall stalks, almost laughing as they reached higher than her head while the tallest barely got to his chest. "But I suppose I've always liked a good breeze and a blue sky. What about you, Misses Cooper?"

"Melissa, please," she corrected, coming to a stop once they were deep in the corn and turning to face him. "I find the outdoors... Exhilarating."

From his new natural angle, he could see right down her dress, though just about anyone could given how low her square neckline went. He was amazed simply breathing didn't expose her to the world. He was even more amazed when she reached up and did it herself, pulling the front of her dress down and detaching the cups of her bustier with a simple tug to let her heavy chest hang free in the air for all the world to see.

Well, for a whole bunch of corn and Christoph to see.

"Got your attention big man?" she said, licking her lips as she moved closer, her hands slipping under his too-tight shirt to play across his abs. "I'll admit, this is daring, even for me... But I just had to give you a try, you know? My husband isn't much in bed, and I'm worried I'll never have a child..."

'Right,' Christoph thought as she trailed her fingers along the line where his horse coat began and followed it along one of his sides. 'The first thing to do in a barren marriage is find the local centaur and show him your tits.'

"No need for that kind of language," she said, throwing him a knowing glance as she slipped down beneath him.

"D-did I say that outloud?" he stammered, almost jumping when she touched his cock, gritting his teeth as her fingers started tracing veins. "I didn't mean-"

"You're right, of course," she said, before he felt her tongue following the bulge running along the underside of his cock, from the edge of his sheath to the flared head. "I wasn't lying, mind you, but I'm not here because I want a baby... Who knows, keep this under your hat and I might even visit more often!"

Christoph couldn't see her, corn fields being notorious in their lack of conveniently placed mirrors, but he could imagine. 

He could imagine her squatting, the shifting pressure of her hands on his cock telling him she was a putting her weight on it, holding him for balance even as she stroked and squeezed, milking thick, slimy precum out with every motion.

"Most men love this next part, but we'll see how you like it," she said before her hands vanished from his shaft, only to be replaced by something warm and soft enveloping the head and making him sigh. 

"I think I'm most men in this regard," he managed to get out as he clenched his fists and tried to hold still. It wasn't everyday the mayor's wife squeezed one's dick between her tits and he didn't want to ruin it.

"Maybe, but in most you're in a whole different league!" she said before he felt her tongue darting out to tease the oozing slit in the tip of his cock, making it twitch and jump between her tits and gush even more into her cleavage. "I'm just glad you like it, since I can't really work this beast like I do most."

"Don't worry about it, its great," he said quietly, eyes slipping closed, basking in the sensation as his control slipped, twitching his hips, forcing his cock between her breasts a little deeper, angling off her chest and slapping the flared head against her face.

"Oh, easy boy!" she gasped and giggled, before letting out a sigh and kissing it like it was a long lost lover.

The sensation was entirely alien to him, even the twins hadn't been so thorough in their appreciation. He only wished Melissa had a twin as well, having grown rather addicted to the twofold ministrations of the previous night.

That said, her tongue was questing ever deeper, sparking electric tingles in places he didn't even know he could feel. If he was still fully human he'd be weak in the knees, as it was he twitched and stepped and groaned, hands grasping at stalks of corn for lack of anything better to do, eyes crossing as he squirmed.

"Fuuuuuuuck~!" he almost whined, rolling his head on his shoulders as the warm softness of her tits tightened a little, Melissa having wrapped one arm around the top of his cock and pulling her cleavage as closed as it could get. "Oohhhh sweet gods I'm gonna fucking cum! FUCK!"

And with one last shout, cum he did. 

Thick gouts of creamy, steamy seed burst from the tip of his shaft and into her waiting mouth, immediately flooding it to overflowing, the heat of it splashing back onto the head of his cock to let him know, and he could just imagine it spilling down over her tits. The thought of it made him groan and cum harder, cornstalks snapping in his grip as he drained his balls all over the mayor's wife. With the twins he'd had a day and a night's time as a centaur to save up and it was a brace of monstrous loads, for Melissa he'd had the time he'd slept and a few hours working, so it was considerably lesser. Still more than a dozen men could do working together, but he wasn't about to fill a bucket.

When he was done, he was a panting mess, at least as much as Melissa herself.

"Good boy," she cooed breathlessly, working her way out from under him and standing up, letting him see what her beautiful face and massive tits looked like positively painted in thick, glopy horse jizz. It was a good look for her, not that he said anything as she started scraping off and wiping her hands on the inside of her cloak. One simply didn't tell the mayor's wife how good she looked coated in seed.

"You certainly are a messy one," she continued. "I'm going to need a bath tonight, and tomorrow.... If you're not too busy?"

Christoph opened his mouth to say he could never be too busy for the mayor's wife when something caught his eye. 

Look at any half-decent cornfield and you'll see that it's arranged in orderly rows. From the right angle, you could see from one end of the field to the other, with only a few broad leaves in the way. Kaldor was very strict about his rows, so they were straighter than most, which was why Christoph knew with a certainty that the figure he now saw standing in the road had seen the very scandalous act Melissa had just performed.

"That's probably not good," he said with a frown as the figure turned and absolutely sprinted down the road. "I think that guy's heading back to town..."

"What guy?" Melissa said, pulling her cloak tight around herself as she looked around, the neatly parted corn letting her catch a glimpse of the retreating figure. "Oh hell. That's not going to be good for you, boy."

"For me?"

"That's right," she said, tucking herself away and reapplying her dignity. "Ellwyn won't let people think I sleep around, Christoph. It would murder his reputation. He'll lie from here to the next county to keep my virtue intact if it means people keep respecting him; and it would be a lot easier to respect a man who's wife was overpowered rather than a slut."

"You'll tell the truth though, right? This was entirely consensual! Hell, you approached me!"

"Sorry stud," she called over her shoulder, already walking briskly through the corn and towards the main road. "But I don't feel like committing social suicide tonight!"

He was dumbstruck by how callous she was, left standing there as she booked it down the road, ready to play the victim for her husband and the town, and pin it all on that awful centaur.

"Well fuck."

*~*~*

"... and I could use some advice."

Keldor and his family all stood in the barn with Christoph just as the sun slipped past noon, all of them looking rather thoughtful, with Keldor himself looking rather embarrassed too.

"Did ya need ta go inta such detail, Christoph?" he asked, rubbing the back of his neck. "I coulda done with the jist of it, y'know."

"Sorry sir, I just... I'm a little panicky right now." And he was, shifting his weight, flicking his tail, rubbing his arms and rubbernecking to the open door now and again. He didn't tell his boss that the reason he went into detail was because of the looks that came onto the twins' faces as they realized what Melissa had been there for. It was a very encouraging look.

"S'alright lad, but you need t'leave now."

"What!?" the twins cried out, whirling in unison to gape at their father. 

Christoph just settled for gaping.

"You can't just throw him out because some whore's lies, dad!"

"Kella," Keldor said, bringing his children close, even as he kept his gaze on Christoph. "I guarantee it'll be the three of us protectin' him from every idiot in town lookin' ta ingratiate themselves with the mayor. They'll be comin' with torches an' pitchforks an' stones, look in ta burn the whole damn farm down ta find him. We can't protect him... But we can help."

"How?" Christoph asked, feeling lost. He didn't want the farm to burn down, and he certainly didn't want Keldor or the twins to suffer for just keeping him safe!

"Supplies, lad," Keldor explained. "We had ta go back ta town soon anyway, might as well just have ya take what ya can carry. Plus, I got somethin' up in the attic that yer gonna need."

"Where am I supposed to go?" Christoph said it quietly, mostly to himself as he watched Keldor direct his children to grab a set of packs, one of Keldor's old travelling bags and a packsaddle from before he'd started the farm. He also told Keldan to fetch the long package from the attic, and Kella to grab his old map from the chest at the foot of his bed.

"You'll have to figure that out fer yerself, Christoph," the older man said with a sigh as his kids ran off to get everything together. "I recommend that ya go away from town, though. A-heh..." He rubbed the back of his neck again and looked around the barn. "I am sorry there's not much more I can do for ya, lad. But I got the farm ta think of, my children too. The best I can do is prepare ya fer the world, so let me tell ya..." Keldor took Christoph's hand in both of his own. "Plowman's Rest? The farms around it? Very... Sheltered. The only people who come 'round here are passin' through or hawkin' wares that farmers might buy. The most interestin' thing to come through these parts is a damn traveler's cart once in a blue moon. But out there? Oh, Christoph the world is massive an' strange an' wonderful an' so long as you keep your head, boy, you'll love every minute of it. I did a lot a' travelin' in my youth, after the war an' all, had my share of adventures. At least yours ain't startin' off with ya marchin' ta battle for some lord ya never did see a day in yer life before or since."

"Just an angry mob of all my friends and neighbors coming to kill me because some old skank won't admit she cheats on her husband with anything that has a dick hanging off it," Christoph supplied.

"Led by her jealous dullard of a husband who knows the truth," the farmer corrected with a wan smile. 

They shared a laugh just as the twins returned, Kella coming in first with the packsaddle she'd found in the shed stuffed with plenty of supplies, quickly slinging it over Christoph's back and taking the liberty of ducking beneath his barrel to secure the straps. 

"I sure hope theres nothing super important in the back," Christoph joked, turning at the waist and finding it difficult to reach very far behind him. "Or that I meet some nice folks on the road..."

Kella pursed her lips and considered the problem before she started to rearrange things, trying to find a way to make sure it was all reachable. While she worked, Keldan came in, carrying a bulging rucksack by the straps in one hand, and a very long bundle of burlap over one shoulder. His father took the bundle and began to unroll the cloth.

"This was going to go to Keldan one day, if another war broke out or the like," Keldor explained as he dropped the burlap and revealed a spear, the richly lacquered haft a good eight feet in length, the broad, leaf-shaped blade easily adding another foot to it. "But I think we can all agree you need it more, Christoph."

"We're gonna miss you," Keldan said as his sister came up beside him and put her arm around her brother's waist. 

"We barely got to have any fun with your new body," she pouted.

"Can't be that much different from ridin' Jo 'round," Keldor said thoughtfully, both of his children blanching while Christoph blushed.

"Well, I should be going I think," the young man said as he grabbed his coat from a peg that had been thoughtfully installed in his stall and threw it around his shoulders before doing the same with the rucksack. He took the spear last, holding it gingerly across his hands. "Though I admit I don't really know how to use a spear..."

"The pointy bit goes in the other fella," Keldorn said with a small smile. "That's all the trainin' I got when I was conscripted. The rest you'll figure out as ya go along. Or find someone ta teach ya, doesn't really matter. But yer right that it's time yer off. Won't be long afore that fat fool of a mayor has that mob whipped up."

Christoph shook his now former employer's hand, while the twins clambered up onto his back and hugged him from behind. He found he was broad enough now that they were only a little cramped finding space to hug him.

"I went ahead and stuffed all your savings into the rucksack," Keldan said with a sad smile. "That's why it's so heavy, you miser."

With that, they both slowly slid down off of him, and after a final look for everyone, Christoph shouldered the spear, walked out of the barn, out to the road, and turned his gaze to the horizon.