 To all my readers, thank you all for the feedback, encouragement and criticism. I hope you all enjoy the next piece of John and Hope's adventure. 

A huge thanks goes to my editor, ghostdaddy27, for catching my mistakes and keeping me on the right path. Along with my editor, I'd like to give a big thanks to the authors Magicwrtr and BreaktheBar for giving me advice as experienced writers. 

Without further ado, here we go. 

***** 

John lay on the hood of a Humvee, staring up at the desert sky. The stars were so much brighter away from the big cities. They always helped him put things into perspective after missions like the one he just came back from. His unit had been tasked with a bitch of an objective; to push into one of the most heavily defended parts of the city. He and four other snipers had been providing eyes and covering fire for three platoons of Marines as they slowly advanced from building to building. They lost eight Marines with fifteen more wounded with the brutal firefight that ensued but they accomplished the mission and he had fifteen more confirmed kills on his extensive record. 

"So where do you wanna settle down after we get home?" 

He turned his head, unable to hide a huge smile as Lieutenant Commander Annette Saunders, his wife, smiled back. She kissed him deeply enough to earn a catcall from a passing Marine. 

"At ease, Marine," John glowered. 

The Marine saluted, still grinning. "Aye aye, sir. Have a good evening, sir." 

"Smartass," John grumbled, just loudly enough for Corporal Jameson to hear. 

"Move along, Corporal, before you get called in for your set of shots," Annette said sweetly. 

The Corporal blanched and took off at a run towards his tent. They both laughed. 

John looked back at his wife in wonder again. The moon glinted off her jet black hair that was pulled into a severe bun. He leered at her, despite being in her unflattering surgical scrubs. She was the aid station's commanding officer. Her returning smile made the full moon's light seems like a candle against that brightness. 

"How'd everything go?" John asked, sobering. 

She sighed heavily. "We lost PFC Jones. Took a hit to his liver. Nothing I could do. The others should recover once they get back stateside. They're in post-op now. I just came by to check on you and them one last time before I sack out for a few hours." 

"Don't worry about me," he said, getting off the Humvee. "I'll let Lieutenant Thatcher know. Jones was one of his." 

"I do worry about you," she said softly, wrapping her arms around him. "I just worry that you won't come back one day." 

"Some days I worry about my sanity, but then I remember you," he said, kissing her cheek. 

"Yeah, yeah... The old ball and chain," she quipped, grinning. 

He shook his head. "You're my anchor. My reason for fighting on. I probably wouldn't have survived this long without you." 

"Well, we get to go home in a couple of months and finally get out of this hellhole." 

"Yeah..." 

They held each other for a few more moments then separated. 

"Go get some sleep, love," he said, turning her towards the aid station. "I'll see you later." 

"You better," she said over her shoulder as she went to do her last rounds. 

He stood there staring after her for a moment then shifted his gaze out into the darkness around the small base. John never knew how long he stood there but he scowled as a distant flash caught his eye. Shortly after, he heard the distinct whistle of an incoming mortar shell. Going pale, he bolted for the aid station. 

"TAKE COVER!!" he bellowed as Marines all over dove for any cover they could find. 

As he ran, time seemed to slow down as he saw it all happen. A small movement above caught his attention and he looked up to see the blurred shape of the shell heading right for the aid station operating ward. 

"No..." he thought as he took off sprinting. 

The impact and explosion rocked the camp as overpressure knocked him down. When he jumped to his feet, he saw hell itself in what remained of the ward. His heart frozen in shock, he bolted for the wreckage to find her. Others ran after his and they began to search for survivors. Hands bloody, breathing labored, he heaved rubble aside and caught sight of long, black hair. Desperately, he heaved steel beams out of the way as adrenaline and fear drove him. 

He found her. Broken and bloody but alive...barely. He fell to his knees beside her. 

"Annie?" he said, over the others' searching calls. 

"John?" she replied weakly. 

"CORPSMAN!!" he bellowed. 

Two of them came over and began their frantic work. 

"Shit, stay with us doc," one of them said, ripping bandages open. 

"John," she said again, shakily reaching to touch his cheek as she gazed at him. Her ice blue eyes staring straight through him. "I love..." 

Her eyes glazed as she exhaled. 

"Annie?" he begged. 

He felt a hand under his arm lifting him away. "Corporal, let's get the Captain out of here." 

"Annie!" he called as he started to struggle out of their grip. 

More men came over to try to drag him away from her. He fought. 

"ANNIE!" he screamed brokenly as six men dragged him away. 

The memory dissolved as reality faded back in. 

John heard her sobbing a moment later after she had fallen back onto the bed. He sat there, staring at nothing as her sympathetic grief ran its course. As her sobbing subsided into sniffles, he felt the bed shift and her soft arms wrapping around him, hugging him from behind. She nuzzled against his neck, still wet with tears. 

"I'm sorry, Master," she said wetly. "I shouldn't have..." 

He sighed as she spoke. "It's alright, Hope. I just can't talk about it. She was my world. The only reason I'm still here is that she'd be disappointed if I took the easy way out. Despite that, I had planned to do that today until you dropped in my lap, so to speak." She gasped. "My conscience won't let me knowing someone else will go with me." 

She sighed in small relief at that. 

"Is there anything I can do?" she asked quietly. 

"For some reason, just you being here helps." She smiled behind him. "For now, let's get something to eat." 

He got up, kissed Hope's cheek then threw on a pair of jeans, a t-shirt, socks and his riding boots. While he got dressed, she cleaned herself up in the bathroom. 

"Where are we going?" Hope asked. 

"There's a small Mexican place in that's pretty good. I thought that might be a good place for your first meal." 

She squeed, clapping and bouncing up and down, which was REALLY distracting as he fumbled for his helmet on the dresser. He motioned for her to follow and they made their way to the attached garage. The light flipped on as he entered; casting a pale glow over his big Ford F-350 dualie and his Harley big twin motorcycle. Throwing his leg over the bike, he flopped onto the seat, put his helmet on then stopped. 

"What is it, Master?" 

"Well, two things, actually. I don't have a helmet for you and my bike doesn't have an intercom so we can't talk as we ride." 

He wasn't looking at her but he felt the tingle. 

"No problem," she said. 

He glanced over and saw that she was wearing a similar domed helmet. 

Smiling, he said, "That's going to take some getting used to." 

She smiled and didn't move her lips at all. "Talking isn't a problem either." 

He gaped at her in surprise and she giggled. 

"With our bond, we're literally only a thought away from each other." 

He 'listened' intently and realized that, rather than hearing with his ears, her voice seemed to caress inside his brain. 

"Can I speak to you this way?" he thought. 

Out loud, she said, "Yep." 

He shook his head. "This is going to take a long time to get used to," he thought. 

"We have all the time we want," she thought back. 

She smiled, walked over to kiss him soundly before getting on the back of his bike. He pushed the button to open the garage, pulled in the kickstand and fired up the loud engine. She squeaked, wrapped her arms around his waist and leaned forward into his back. He grinned. 

"Ready?" he thought. 

"Mhm..." 

He revved the engine a couple times and felt her fingers dig into his chest. 

"Try not to leave a wet spot," he though wickedly as he made the engine scream, put it into gear and peeled out down his long driveway, delighting in her scream. 

He slowed and turned onto the main road towards town. Grain fields surrounded them as they continued down the curvy road. After his medical retirement, he'd moved out into the country onto 150 acres or prime farmland, the majority of which he leased to his neighbor, Maggie Thurston. 

They passed the city limit sign, 'Cedarville, OH Pop: 548'. Slowing, he turned onto the main road and stopped in front of the restaurant. He turned the engine off and felt Hope still trembling slightly behind him. 

"You ok?" he asked, unable to suppress a grin. 

"Evil...Master..." she gasped quietly. 

"You might wanna control yourself. It might look a little odd if you're wobbling when we go inside." 

She looked up and glowered at his grin. 

"Genie will have to pay Master back for his 'kindness'." He could hear the dripping sarcasm of her thought. "That's not all that's dripping," she said wickedly as she got off the bike. 

His face went blank as he tried to focus on anything else to keep his bulge from growing any more than it had. She yelped as he gave her a playful swat on the ass after getting off the bike. 

A bell jingled when they entered and a matronly, older Hispanic woman hurried over to them. 

"Just two?" she asked, her accent obvious. 

"Yes, please," he replied. 

She led them to a nearby booth, took their drink order and left. 

"What looks good?" John asked as they looked over their menus. 

"Everything," Hope replied. "I haven't had anything before." 

"Tell you what, I'll order and you can decide what you like better." 

"Okay." 

The cute, young waitress that brought them their drinks over had hesitated slightly when she saw them but recovered fast enough for most people not to notice. Hope's eyes went a little distant for a moment, then she suppressed a grin. The waitress got to their table before John could ask what was up. He took their drinks and ordered their deluxe nachos, a beef chimichanga and a chicken burrito with the house-made 'Diablo' salsa. As the waitress turned and left, he gave his genie a questioning look. 

She stared back innocently. "What?" she asked. 

"Why'd you smile when you saw her?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. 

"Nothing," she chirped, oozing feigned innocence. 

"Genie..." he thought with sarcastic sternness. 

"She's jealous of me," Hope said, grinning. 

As he took a drink, she continued. "She wants you to fuck her." 

He spluttered into his soda which segwayed into a small coughing fit. Hope fell into a fit of the giggles. Before he could say anything, the waitress came back with their order. Hope excused herself and headed for the restroom while the waitress put the food on the table, then left. As she walked off, he took the chance to, unobtrusively, check her out. 

She had black hair pulled back into a ponytail she let drape over one shoulder. Her skin seemed very smooth with a tan like toasted almonds. She also had big brown eyes, breasts in proportion with her athletic, toned body and was wearing smoke grey pants that hugged her every curve as if it had been poured on. 

A call from the kitchen and she scurried off. His eyes followed her until he caught the stern glare the other woman was sending his direction. He quickly stopped looking as he heard the toilet flush and got ready to eat. Hope walked back to the table with a knowing smile and a slight sway to her hips. She sat back down and grabbed her silverware. 

"See something you want for dessert?" she asked quietly, then laughed at his 'busted' look. 

'I wasn't..." he began before being cut off by her thoughts drifting through his mind as she started on the nachos. 

"It's my function to aid you in and possible way to fulfill your sexual desires." 

"You mean you wouldn't mind if I slept with her?" he thought back, digging into the chimichanga. 

"Nope." Then she added, "To be honest, I might even join in." 

He just stared at her for a moment as that thought wound its way through his imagination and the possibilities it opened up. It was difficult for him to cut off that particular line of thought and even more difficult to his cock from thumping against the table as the images flew through his mind. Hope started to blush. 

"Very naughty, Master," she thought. "Genie like..." 

He gave her a 'Ha Ha' look, then resumed his own eating. The food was good. It always was since he started coming here after the move. Hope went for the burrito as John swallowed a bite. 

"Be careful," he cautioned. "The salsa in that thing is spicy as hell." 

She waved at him dismissively. "Oh, don't worry so much," she said, taking the biggest bite she could. 

John had had his friends try it whenever they came to visit so he knew how long it would take before impact. 

3...2...1... 

Right on schedule, her face began to turn almost redder than her hair as she exhaled slowly, mouth opened wide. John couldn't help grinning at her stunned expression. He noticed the older woman waving at him, holding a glass of milk. He nodded and the young waitress scurried over with it, placing it in front of Hope. 

"Drink some milk," the waitress said. "It'll help." 

John hadn't been paying attention before to realize that she had a very sweet soprano voice. Hope shook her head as her face slowly regained its normal color. John and the waitress glanced at each other, then back at Hope in disbelief. 

"That's delicious," she said as she dove back into the burrito. 

After lunch, they rode back to his house and flopped onto the couch. 

"We're going to have to figure out how to explain how you came into my life," John said, pulling Hope over to cuddle. 

"Just tell the truth." 

He shook his head. "I don't know how long you've been sealed away but these days, genies are creatures out of myths and legends. Most folks would think that we're delusional if we told them that you're a magical sex servant." 

"Oh..." 

They sat in thought for several moments, then he turned his head to look at her. 

"We could always introduce you as my new girlfriend." 

Her eyes snapped to his for a moment before they welled with tears. 

"Hey, what is it?" John asked gently. 

"It's just," she said between sobs. "Masters don't treat their Genies like equals." 

He held her close, resting his cheek on her head. 

"Well, THIS one does," he said quietly but firmly. 

After a few moments, she wiped her eyes and hugged him tightly. She turned and kissed him. 

"I know you want us to be equals. Please understand that that will not be possible. At least, not entirely. I was created to obey instructions unconditionally. That is built into my nature. I can feel that you want me to be free willed and I'll do my best but there is only so much that I can do." 

"What if I wish..." She silenced him with one finger. 

"That won't work. It's a direct conflict of my creation." His shoulders slumped a bit. "However, another part of my makeup will adapt my personality and behavior to what you want. That will take time, though." 

"Is that why you aren't cowering like you were before?" 

"Yes, your initial attitude jumpstarted that process." 

"Well, I hope it doesn't take too long, otherwise it'll be hard for you to blend in. Speaking of which, can you create a fool-proof background and legal identity?" he asked. 

"Not on my own. You need to give me the basics." 

"Well, for starters, your last name will be Davis. We'll say you're 23, we met online cause you're tired of the city and wanted to move out to the country. Do you need anything else?" 

After a few moments' thought, she shook her head. 

"If I need more, I'll let you know," she said. 

"Alright, now that that's settled..." he began but was cut off when his phone rang. "Damn." 

He checked his phone and picked up. 

"Hey Maggie, what's up" 

"The sky?" Maggie quipped. "The humidity?" 

He grinned. "Smartass." 

"And it took you THIS long to figure it out? I knew you Marines were slow but..." 

"You know damned well what I meant." 

"I can't possibly pass up the opportunity to give you shit." 

"Can we go back to my original question?" 

She huffed. "Oh, fine. I was wondering if you had any plans tonight." 

"Not really, we were planning on just puttering around the house." 

"We?" she asked suspiciously. 

'Shit,' he thought. Out loud he said, "Yeah, my girlfriend is staying with me for a while." 

"Oh... Well, I don't want to intrude..." she said quickly. 

"It's no problem. We were kind of hoping you'd be available at some point." 

'We were?' Hope thought at him. Tingle. 'Oh.' 

"Why?" Maggie's suspicion was back. 

"Hope really wants to meet you." 

There was a long pause. "Ok, where do you wanna meet?" 

"Doesn't matter to me. My place or yours?" he asked with a shrug. 

"You got beer?" 

"Some," he replied after a quick mental inventory. "Not really enough for three though." 

"I'll bring some. When do you want to meet up?" 

"We aren't going anywhere so you could come by whenever." 

There was a shorter pause, then, "I'll leave in a few, swing by the store and be over." 

"Ok, park in front of the garage. I'll leave it open for ya. Just come on it." 

John looked down at Hope and saw her concerned look. 

"What?" 

"She's not happy." 

"Why?" 

"I think she's been pining over you." 

"Why?" he asked blankly. "Next to you, she's the most gorgeous woman in town." 

She couldn't suppress a warm smile. 

"I can't read that far into her. I'm making an educated guess off of what I CAN read." 

"And what can you read?" he asked, absently caressing her side. 

"She's wanted you since you two met but was confused why you weren't responding to her flirting." 

"I wasn't precisely in the best head space at the time. I never told her about Annette." 

"Oh..." 

"Yeah..." 

"Do you want me to try to diffuse the tension?" Hope asked. 

He looked at her blankly. 'Huh?" 

She reached up and knocked on his forehead. "Hello? Super powered sex genie? Designed to manage a harem of sometimes bitchy women?" 

He glowered at her as she grinned impudently back at him. 

"Do what you can but no magic until I give the go ahead," he said firmly. 

"Yes, Master. May I add one thing?" He nodded. "If you want to flirt with her, have fun. You told me she's beautiful so if you want to make a move on her, have at it. I'm incapable of jealousy. Hell, I might even join in." 

His cock sprang to life as those possibilities ran through his mind. Hope giggled at the look on his face and laid her hand on his crotch. 

"I'm not sure she'll like the idea though," he said dubiously. 

She gave him a mysterious smile. "We'll see." 

That smile made him distinctly nervous. 

Two hours later, John was in the garage wiping down his bike when he heard a pickup pull up to his garage. Wiping his hands off on a rag, he stood as the truck rolled to a stop and Maggie got out. He had wanted to talk to her alone first and instructed Hope to entertain herself on his computer. 

After Maggie shut the door, John took the time to admire her again. She was very short, coming in and 5'2"; long honey-blonde hair in a tight braid down her back. She ran a farm and all that labor had given her a strong, yet slim figure. He figured if there was any excess weight on her, it resided in her bra and under her fingernails. Her breasts probably were a C-cup but he wasn't an expert. He just appreciated how proportionate they were to her. Her green eyes lit up when she saw him. 
