 Author's Note: This chapter contains violence. I do not condone abuse of any kind, verbal or physical, against anyone. This was included for character development alone. Grit your teeth and it will be over before you know it! ~NeverEvers

*****

They disembarked General Thruk's ship as soon as Elaine released Thalia. To the girl's disappointment, there still wasn't much to see. It seemed an endless world of white walls and gearmen. As they stepped off the gangplank, a gearman suddenly bid her halt.

The gearman stepped forward and efficiently took her arm, although Thalia could not decide why. She was not stupid enough to run away now. Even she could see that the gearmen would be upon her before she took three steps.

As her slippered feet touched down on the white floor of the docking bay, she understood.

The whole world felt as if it was sinking. Her clothes became heavy, and the hair on her head felt like it might crush her beneath its weight. She became dizzy, and brought her hand over her mouth against a sudden wave of nausea.

"Remain calm." The gearman instructed. 

Thalia was grateful for his supportive hand on her arm. Without it, she would have gone crashing to the ground. As the nausea passed, Thalia glanced about for the culprit, but could find nothing to blame. It was simply a large, white docking bay. No different from the one on the Quarantine Ship, except larger.

"You are on-planet, Princess," The Gearman said, "The gravity sickness will pass quickly. We will wait until you are ready to proceed."

"On-planet?" She said, disbelieving. As far as she knew, she had spent her entire life docked in deep space. Exhilaration washed through her. She was on a planet! This was what real, natural gravity felt like! And down below the white floor was ground! Maybe even the brown dirt of Earth! If only she could see it.

"I'm okay," She told the gearman quickly, excited for the first time since she was taken from the Quarantine Ship. 

When the group stepped off again, Thalia was annoyed at their pace. She craned her neck around as they turned each corner, hoping to catch sight of something bright, something colorful. To her disappointment, however, all they saw where more white walls. If it weren't for the strong gravity pressing her feet to the ground, she might have believed they had entered another ship.

"Will I even get to see outside?" Thalia asked a gearman, her voice low with disappointment.

"The ceremonial chamber has windows, Princess." He responded happily.

For once Thalia was not annoyed by his cheery voice. Windows! She had learned about spaceships with thick glass planes that allowed the occupants to look out upon the stars. To learn that they had them here, on a planet, was almost too good to be true. What would you see through such a window? Surely there was something to look at, or they would not have been installed.

"Are we going there now?" She asked, and Elaine chuckled.

"Yes, Princess." The gearman said, and Thalia could not help the smile that spread across her painted face.

"Such enthusiasm to meet His Highness!" Elaine said, "But of course, my dearest Princess, why would you not be so excited? He is the mightiest of all men, your betrothed is, and not a soul would ever doubt it! Oh to be young and feel such a bright, burning hope for the future! I dare say I was just like you once, dear girl, just exactly as you are now, except I did not have the status that you have, and had quite less to yearn for, indeed I did, but yearn fiercely I did, regardless!"

The joy left her just as quickly as it had come. 

A ceremonial chamber. Of course, she was being taken to be presented to her husband. There would be no escaping now. At least, she thought, she might be able to look out a window instead of looking at her mate. If he was anything like General Thruk, she wanted nothing to do with him.

The group came to a set of large double doors. A gearman rapped twice and Thalia heard an odd musical instrument sound inside. After a few long moments, the doors opened wide.

Thalia gasped at the scene before her.

The entire room was golden. The floors had been polished so that they reflected the various people walking above them. The ceilings soared so high that Thalia knew they must indeed be on a planet somewhere, because this grand room would never fit inside a ship. 

The room was a grand circle, the circumference of which Thalia could not fathom. It was filled with people of all kinds. Most were tall and muscular men with white skin. They had to be Arktzirax. There were also short, squishy looking men with bright orange skin, and thin men who were a deep brown. The latter lacked faces entirely. 

Human women also moved about the crowd. Most were being clung to by a man of some species, but a few were lounging on pillows off to one side. They appeared to be laughing at some joke. With a start, Thalia realized that the other women had their hair unbound and un-powdered. Not a single woman in the crowd was adorned in the manner that Elaine had adorned Thalia. 

Anxiety began to creep up into Thalia's throat.

She was so busy looking around at the room, and its occupants, that it took a moment before Thalia noticed the large, raised dais in the middle of the room. Upon it sat two golden chairs, each one large enough to hold six girls Thalia's size. 

Her chest tightened.

A horn blasted somewhere, and General Thruk appeared before the dais. Thalia quickly scanned the crowd for Abigail, but her friend was nowhere to be seen.

"Gentlemen!" Thruk called out, and his voice boomed off of the golden walls in an alarming way. Every being in the room ceased speaking and turned towards him. Thalia had to remind herself to breathe. "His Majesty King Qutrax and His Mightiness, Prince Xieol!" 

Everyone leapt to their feet, and Thalia's view was mostly obscured. She could just make out the large bulbous heads of the King and his son as they made their way from some other entrance to the middle of the room. There was something off about the shape of their heads, but Thalia could not but her finger on exactly what it was. 

When the two stepped upon the dais, Thalia got a much better view than she wanted.

Both Arktzirax were above eight feet tall, with shoulders wider than three of Thalia's put together. Next to the King and Prince, General Thruk appeared tiny. 

The royal pair were each robed in the same golden fabric, with shocks of purple running through it. As they stood surveying the crowd, the tops of their heads began to move slightly. Slowly, three long tentacles emerged from the skulls of each man. 

Thalia gasped and backed into the gearman behind her.

Tentacles? They had tentacles! Not small ones, either. Thalia estimated that each horrifying appendage was equal in length to her arm. She felt suddenly sick. Her vision blurred. Panic began to build within her and she felt she would drown in it. Thalia spun and faced the gearman behind her.

"Help," She whispered, frantic, as she clung to the cold covering of his arm. "Please, I'm s-scared! Assist me!"

"Yes, Princess."

The gearman quickly raised his hand, and Thalia inhaled the mist from his finger as deeply as she could. The panic instantly left her, but her fear did not dissipate completely. She still felt a deep sense of foreboding as she looked back at the royal pair. Each of them still had three tentacles waving casually in the air above their heads.

The King made a small gesture and the crowd quickly scrambled to find their seats. Elaine vanished in the sudden swirl of people, and the gearmen each dropped to one knee. Thalia soon found herself standing alone by the door, much too conspicuous for her liking.

King Qutrax's large black eyes quickly found her. She could almost feel him assessing her as he looked her up and down. When he finally met her gaze, he held it for what felt an eternity. His black eyes were blank, betraying nothing of his thoughts. The only move he made was a slight flaring of the slits that were his nostrils. When his inspection was concluded, he gave a brief nod and extended his hand toward her.

"Lady Thalia," He announced to the assembled masses, and his voice boomed off the curved walls of the room. 

Thalia felt a single bead of sweat trail down the nape of her neck. At least he had not called her "Princess". Her nerves still felt much steadier than they should. She silently thanked any deity listening for the gearmen and their mist.

"I have heard much of you," The King continued. As he spoke, he glanced across the room to assure that each being present was hanging on his every word.

They were.

"Today, I present this vessel to my son," Another gesture towards Thalia, "A unique vessel that I deem almost worthy of him. For, you see, she is not only physically compatible with the Arktzirax but also," Another quick glance about, "a nearly perfect chemical match with our grand race!"

There was a mixture of grasps and applause. The king let his thin black lips peel back in a smile. He raised a fist triumphantly and the cheers spread. Some of the audience rose to their feet. Thalia felt hundreds of eyes staring at her. Many of the Arktzirax men present began to slowly turn green, one swirl of color at a time. She didn't dare look up at the prince to see if he had changed as well.

"Yes!" The King continued, "We have finally achieved what we have so long sought! We now stand mere years away from being able to provide completely compatible vessels to all that are loyal to the crown! Our power will only grow with time! The day is coming, and soon, when the Arktzirax race will once again have our own women kneeling beside us! The days of the vessels are numbered!" 

Cheers echoed off the walls. Every man present was on his feet. Thalia felt very small amidst the screaming masses. The days of the vessels would be over. That had to be good. Somehow, she wasn't completely sure. She couldn't help wondering what would happen to all the girls on the Quarantine Ships, and the other humans that were locked away somewhere, breeding. It didn't seem likely that the Arktzirax would just let them go. 

Order slowly returned to the assembly. As each man returned to his seat, her view of the King became clearer. He was still looking at her. When their eyes met again, he continued.

"And, so, let us take the first step towards our bright future by welcoming Thalia, the new Princess of the Arktzirax!"

Cheers erupted again. The gearmen were suddenly on their feet, nudging her forward. With a deep breath, Thalia managed to slowly walk toward the dais. Each step brought more cheers, and soon the King was looming over her. He extended his hand and, after a prod from the gearman behind her, she gently took it.

King Qutrak pulled her up as if she weighed nothing. His hand dwarfed hers. She was quickly spun to face the room. Everything was a blur of color and sound. It was as if the gravity sickness had returned, only worse.

In what seemed like an overly-grand gesture, the King placed her fingers into his son's hand. The Prince's fingers closed over hers like a vice, and she almost cried out. She looked up into his face and could not believe how tall he was. The top of her head was hardly at his breast. 

He glared down at her intently as their audience became almost frenzied with joy. The only response she could muster was a blush. He was so large. It seemed that he could have swallowed her whole. She tried again to look for Abigail, Elaine, or even the gearmen, but all she could see were large white bodies, black eyes, and tentacles. The room was far too hot. Beads of sweat formed on her brow.

"Do you accept my gift, Mighty Xieol?" The king's voice boomed over the chaos. 

"I do," The Prince returned, pulling Thalia into his chest with one strong arm. She felt his gravelly voice as much as she heard it, "She pleases me greatly."

"She has not pleased you yet," His father returned with a laugh, "But she soon will!" The room erupted into laughter. A golden door swung open, and the King gestured toward it. "Now, go, and make us an heir!"

Thalia was sure her face was perfectly white beneath Elaine's paint as the Prince turned and exited the room, dragging her after him. When she trailed too far behind, he roughly gripped her by the upper arm. He pulled her forward with such force that he was nearly carrying her. She could feel the skin of her upper arm bruising and her shoulder threatening to dislocate, but could find no words to protest.

Before she could think, the door had clicked shut behind them. 

Prince Xieol flung her from him. She landed in a heap of white cloth six feet from him. Terror emanated from every pore as she stared up at him. The creature that had seemed so calm in the other room was suddenly seething. He looked like a snake coiled to strike. 

Thalia didn't realize she was whimpering until he harshly told her to stop. She instantly froze, hardly even breathing, as he ran his eyes over her. The room was so quiet in comparison to the golden Ceremonial Hall. The silence seemed to buzz.

"Stand up," He ordered abruptly. 

She struggled to her feet, finding them tangled in the material of her wrap. Her hand found the cool stone of a fountain behind her, and she used it to help pull herself up. Wanting to be brave, Thalia turned to face him. Her hands clung to the marble lip of the fountain behind her.

His hand reached out slowly, and he swirled his finger along the colors Elaine had painted on her collarbone.

"Is this how you really feel?" He asked steadily.

"I—" She shook her head in confusion and tightened her grip on the stone behind her, "I d-don't know."

She watched as spots of black and grey began to pop up across his exposed chest.

"W-what," She cleared her throat nervously, "What do they mean?"

His skin only darkened further. The black spots became red around their rim.

"Pleasure," He trailed his finger along the blush of pink on her chest. She shivered and shook her head slightly. His finger slowly moved to the swirls of yellow.

"Excitement," He added, and let his hand slid up her neck to tap the three spots of purple on her cheek. 

"Arousal," He finished, and looked directly into her eyes.

"No—" She choked on her own words, "I didn't know—"

"Lies," He snarled, and gripped the white swirl of her hair harshly, "They paint you up to look like one of us, and you know nothing of us!" He pulled hard on her hair, and it came tumbling down. Pins went flying. Angry red marks grew beside his eyes.

"Do they think I'm stupid?" He bellowed, leaning into her. His face was inches from hers. The force of his breath hit her face like a gust of wind. "Did they think I wouldn't know notice?"

"No," Thalia choked on a sob. Mist or no mist, her terror was overcoming her senses. "I didn't know!"

"Of course not," He returned, disgusted, "You know nothing. Your pitiful little brain cannot even fathom what I want in a mate! You are nothing. Nothing! Do you understand?"

"Yes!" She cried, and tears spilled over onto her cheeks, "I'm s-sorry!"

"You will be," He returned, but he stood back from her. His eyes closed for a moment. The spots of color on his body faded as he took a series of deep breaths. After a moment, his eyes opened again and he regarded her anew.

"Well," He said, almost to himself, "The damage is done. I might as well see what I'm stuck with."

Suddenly his hands were on her and he pushed her backwards into the fountain. 

Thalia landed with a splash, her head bouncing off the marble bottom. When she tried to sit up, Xieol grabbed her by the hair and forced her head back underwater. She thrashed violently, but he was too strong. Her lungs began to burn. 

She managed to get her face above the waterline just long enough to get a single gulp of air and hear him yell, "Black!" as the paste washed out of her hair. She was submerged again.

"Do I look stupid to you?" He demanded, finally pulling her up by the hair. She shook her head viciously as she gasped for air. Without mercy, he dunked her again.

"I asked you a question!" He screamed directly in her face as he pulled her, sputtering, from the water again. 

"No!" She screamed, choking and spitting, "No, please, no!"

He threw her backwards so that her head crashed into the marble again, but he let her right herself this time. When she emerged from the water, his face was directly above hers. His black eyes were dangerous. 

"No, what?"

"No—no, Sir?" She asked, and he slapped her so hard her head snapped to one side. The skin of her lip cracked, her ears rang and she tasted blood, "No—Prince!" She screamed, "Prince!"

"Your Highness," He corrected harshly as he hauled her up by the hair. "Your Eminence, Your Great, Vast and Mightiness!"

"Yes," She was sobbing now, "Yes, Your Highness!"

With a grunt, he flung her side ways. She landed in a wet, miserable heap on the floor. Sobs wracked her body. She barely registered when the door opened and two gearmen walked in. 

With a roar, the Prince snapped off the head of one of them and threw it towards her. It skittered to a stop near her face and she screamed. Her throat locked up and she barely pulled herself up onto her elbows before she began to retch.

"Lovely," The Price commented, and turned his attention to the remaining gearman.

"Take her," He commanded, "Fix her. Bring her to me when you are done."

The gearman's cold hands were comforting against her feverish skin. He pulled her gently to her feet, but her legs failed her. The gearman easily swept her up into his arms.

"And do a better job this time!" The Prince bellowed after them as the gearman carried her from the room. 

Windows, Thalia's thoughts drifted hazily as she lost consciousness. 

The fountain room had windows.