 I want to take the time to thank Pawwriter for his help in editing and suggestions... Thank you.

*

Ruri woke to an empty bed. She didn't panic or feel any concern. She knew there was nothing to fear, the bond was forged now, and she could feel her Master through it. Even if he was a thousand miles away she would know exactly where he was.

She stretched and arched her naked body under the sheets. She felt fantastic. She never knew it could be so wonderful. She had been made to serve her Master in whatever way he wanted, no matter if he was evil and sadistic or kind and gentle. She was glad that her Master was the latter. It made it so much more...like a fairy tale. She giggled to herself. Apparently she was a bit of a hopeless romantic too.

She slipped out of bed, and padded over to the bathroom. Walter was there at the sink brushing his teeth. She twined her arms around him as much as she could, he was a large man after all, and she loved every inch of him. 

Walter spit and rinsed before he turned and pulled Ruri in front of him. He folded her into himself and leaned down, as she rose on her toes, to kiss her beautiful lips. The light kiss became deep and passionate and stretched on for long seconds that became minutes. Finally they broke apart, more for a need of oxygen than anything else.

Ruri licked her lips "Mmmm, Minty. You taste good in the morning, Master."

Walter laughed "You taste pretty good yourself, and it's more like afternoon."

After they had lapsed into unconsciousness, due to exhaustion, they had slept through the day. Now it was around five in the afternoon. Walter had woken an hour before and had spent that hour just watching her sleep. He had finally decided that his fuzzy teeth and bad breath needed dealing with. 

Walter looked at her, she was perfect. Light pink hair, her natural color by the way, legs that went all the way up to a perfect ass that was so beautiful it made him want to weep. Her C-cup breasts were firm and perky with small areolas and nipples that would stand-to at the drop of a hat, or his pants. 

He then looked at his reflection and he realized he was very lacking in the good looks department. Ruri seemed to be able to pick up on his mood. She cocked her head to the side and looked up at him. 

"Master? Is everything alright?" 

"Everything is fine. I'm just amazed at the differences in us. You're beautiful to the point of heart stopping and I..."

Ruri shushed him with a finger on his lips. "You are perfect to me, Master." Walter smiled and kissed her again. "But..." she continued "if you are unhappy with your body, all you have to do is wish. I can change you however you want. " 

"You can change my body?" Walter was amazed, and Ruri playfully swatted his nose. "Of course I can Master, I'm a Genie."

"I... I need to think about this." Walter led them to the small couch and after putting in a movie started to ponder the thought of changing his body. 

Ruri was instantly enraptured by the movie, Grumpy Old Men, it was the first she had ever seen and she was amazed. She apparently had the same sense of humor he did, it was one of his favorite movies, and she was soon rolling with laughter. Walter enjoyed watching her watch the movie more than the movie itself. It was like experiencing it again for the first time through her, and it was a little sad when it ended. He had, at least, come to a decision about changing himself. 

"Ruri, I have some wishes." Ruri perked right up. "Yes, Master?" 

"I don't want to change myself too much. I just want a few improvements. So I wish is that I was in perfect health."

With a tingle and a flash, Walter felt the changes course though him. It was like a thousand insects were crawling under his skin. He dropped a hundred and thirty pounds in an instant. He felt his heart grow stronger and his breathing became easier. He hadn't even noticed the heart problems that were apparently creeping up on him. 

He went to look at himself in the mirror.

"Holy Shit!"

Now that the extra weight was gone, Walter was pretty well built. He had abs for the first time, something that he had never had before. 

Walter flexed a pectoral, then the other. For a second his maturity regressed to high school as he started to do the male titty dance. He turned back to Ruri who was eyeing him with a look of... lust?

"Am I turning you on?"

Ruri giggled, "Always, Master."

Walter walked back to her, marveling for a second at how easy it was to move, and picked her up. He carried her to the bed and gently set her upon it. 

"Well, I can't ignore a damsel in need."

He started by kissing her neck. Then, letting his tongue trail down her soft skin towards her voluptuous globes, circled her right nipple, which stiffened immediately, before taking it into his mouth. He suckled and gently tugged on the sensitive nubbin. Ruri started to voice her pleasure; her moans were passionate and full of want. 

Walter switched to her left breast for a while before continuing his journey south. He stopped at her belly button. It was beautiful but he had the feeling it was not right, or it was missing something. He shook the thought off and proceeded down to her core. 

He started with her inner thighs, kissing and nipping at the supple skin. Ruri was moaning louder now, and he wanted to see how loud he could get her. 

Her labia was bare, the only patch of hair was a strip just north of his goal. He nuzzled her core, taking in her husky smell. She smelled of exotic spices with the sweet scent of woman and a hint of lavender. He let his tongue flick out across her, making her hips buck. 

She was already dripping with juices and Walter marveled at the sweet taste of her. Without further teasing he plunged in. Ruri's moans became shouts as she squirmed in pleasure. Walter was pleased at this. He felt her coming but kept it up, quickly bringing her back to the path of ecstasy. Walter had only gone down on one other girl before and he was sure he wasn't giving Ruri the most he could, and still the Genie was on her way to another orgasm. A thought flashed through his head. Quickly he lifted his head from her.

"Ruri, I wish I was a champion cunniling artist."

He barely caught the flash of her eyes before he was back at work.

It was amazing. Nothing felt like it had changed, but now he knew just how to lick and suckle her to maximize everything. Her squirming became writhing, her hands clasped the back of his head as her hips thrashed, and her shouts of pleasure became screams of rapture. 

Walter sat back after Ruri shuddered for the fourth time. It took her a good minute to regain her senses. Ruri gave him a look that was so full of joy and contentment, Walter never wanted it to go away. 

"That was wonderful, Master, but I believe it is your turn now."

Ruri pushed him onto his back and started to straddle him. Walter organized his thoughts quickly before she could distract him completely.

"Ruri, while I find I do enjoy you calling me Master, you don't have to and probably shouldn't in public. You can just call me Walter or even Walt."

"If that is what you want, Master, I will do as you aSKMmmm..." 

Her last word turned to a moan as Ruri impaled herself on Walter's shaft. Walt held her there for a second, letting her adjust to him. An idea occurred to him.

"Ruri, I wish for my dick to grow until it is just on the right side of uncomfortable for you. " 

Flash. Walt felt a tingling in his penis and felt Ruri tighten around him, which was misleading. It was actually him that was expanding into her, filling her up until he felt his dick press against the underside of her cervix.

Walt could tell by the way Ruri moaned that she enjoyed the sensation. She started to grind her hips against him creating a wonderful sensation for them both. Walt urged her to keep a slow and steady pace. 

"Ruri, I want to know more about you. About your people I mean."

Ruri continued to grind them both to a slow orgasm as she started to explain.

"Djinn's are an ancient race. Male Djinn are simply called Jinn while female Djinn are called Genies. They encountered humanity about five thousand years ago. They had a tentative relationship at first. Then a human Sorcerer found a way to entrap a Djinn. With the protective powers of the Djinn, the Sorcerer was virtually invincible. Sargon of Akkad s...s...saw..." Ruri stuttered as a small orgasm blossomed in her. "...an opportunity. He tracked down the Sorcerer and, at great loss of life, destroyed him. To thank Sargon, the Major Djinns created the first Servant Djinn as a gift to the King. This started a relationship between humans and Djinns that has lasted for millennia. If a human proved himself worthy or performed a deed that impressed the Djinns, they would reward him with a Servant."

Ruri fell silent as both of them climaxed, and Walter pumped what felt like a gallon of cum into her. She collapsed against his chest and he held her there while he tried to slow his breathing. As tired as he was he didn't want to stop. 

"Ruri, I wish that I had a lot more stamina so I could fuck you like that as often as I wanted." Tingle. Flash. Walter felt energy flow into him. His half flaccid dick, still inside Ruri, started to harden. Wrapping his arms around her, Walter stood up. Ruri wrapped her legs around him as Walter helped her bounce up and down. Walter started to feel the strain, but the pleasure far outweighed the price.

"I wish I had the strength to keep this up for hours if I wanted to."

Tingle. Flash. Walter felt the insects under his skin again. Then he felt his muscles harden and his skin tighten. Ruri became like a doll in his arms, her weight causing him no problems at all. Walt sped up their rhythm, and had Ruri gasping in excitement. She dug her nails into his back as she started to quiver with her orgasm. Walt felt his own end coming and he leaned into Ruri, putting her back against the bathroom wall as he drove into her. Walt felt the world start to pound as he released his seed into his Genie.

It took Walt a second to come back to the world, and he realized that it was still pounding. No, it wasn't the world pounding, someone was pounding on his door. Walt quickly leaned into the bathroom and grabbed a towel. He wrapped it around himself and went to the door. 

"Shit. I can't answer the door looking like this."

Walt thought fast. If it was someone he knew, which was very likely, they would be bound to notice the changes to his body. "Can you make whoever it is... I don't know, see me as I was?"

Ruri nodded. "That would be within my power, yes."

"Okay, do it."

Tingle. Flash. Walt opened the door to find a worried looking Richard.

"Dude, you need to turn down the sound on your Porn-Fuck!" Rich blanched. "Man, I did NOT need to see man titties today. " 

Rich pushed into the room before Walt could stop him. Walt closed the door and turned to Rich, glancing over to where Ruri had been. She was nowhere to be seen, but the bathroom door was mostly closed. Walt figured she had ducked in there.

"Walt, where the hell have you been?" 

"Huh, I've been right here. Why?"

Rich rolled his eyes. "Man, one of the labs blew up. Everyone thought you were toast when we couldn't find you. Hell, I came by here this morning and banged like hell and no one answered."

Walt rubbed the back of his head, trying to come up with an answer when the bathroom door opened. 

"That was my fault, I'm afraid."

Walt nearly had a coronary, until he saw her. She was wearing one of his old button-up shirts, which was like a kite on her, one bare shoulder exposed because the collar hung so loosely. As she walked he could see a pair of black lacy, and very sexy, panties. Her pink hair framed her face and looked a bit more devilish then he remembered from a moment before.

"Walt was asleep and I didn't know if I should answer his door."

Walt tore his eyes from Ruri and turned to his friend, who still had his eyes on the very sexy Genie along with a jaw that you could have swept dust bunnies into.

Walt could have kissed her, in fact he would... later, at the moment he needed to get Rich's attention. 

"Hey, Bub. It's not polite to stare." Rich managed to gain control of himself. Walt could only imagine what was going on in his friend's mind. 

Rich was the epitome of the term ladies man, even with all the geek blood flowing through his veins. It was due to his rugged good looks, and the fact that his family was loaded didn't hurt either. He was always trying to hook Walt up with one of his girlfriend's friends.

"Okay... Not porn then, or at least not the recorded kind." Rich back handed Walt in the chest. "Now who's being rude? Aren't you going to introduce your, um, friend?"

Walt gave Rich an insincere smile.

"Ruri, this is Richard Thompson. Rich, Ruri."

Rich smirked. "Just Ruri? No last name, like Madonna?"

Walt wanted to punch him. Why did Rich pick now to be annoying? Walt searched his mind for a last name. What the hell kind of surname do you give a powerful Sex Genie? 

"Powers. Her name is Ruri Powers."

Ruri looked at Walt with amusement and shook Rich's hand. "It's nice to meet one of Walt's friends. I'm sorry if I kept him too busy all day, I couldn't help myself."

Walt looked at Rich. "Happy now? Good. Leave."

Ruri playfully slapped Walt's arm. "Walt, don't be mad at Rich. He was just worried about a friend." 

Walt gave Ruri an evil stare but he knew she was right. Rich was just worried like any good friend would be. 

"So Ruri, how'd you and the Hulk meet?"

Ruri raised a single eyebrow. Walt didn't know she could do that. He pictured her with pointy ears and a bobbed hair cut... Damn his inner Geek.

"Hulk?"

"I use to play football, it was my nickname."

Rich snickered. "Shit, he's too modest. The Hulk here was the best Offensive Tackle we ever had. Could have gone pro too, but he's too much of a chemistry nerd."

Ruri smiled at that "He is definitely good at chemistry, that's how we met actually."

Walt didn't know where she was going with this but he thought he should jump in. "Ruri was having some trouble with Chemistry so I was helping her out."

Rich eyed him skeptically "In a towel?"

Walt blushed "Well, one thing led to another and...."

Rich put his hands up. "Nope I don't want to know the details. So Ruri, I take it you're a student here. Funny I don't remember ever seeing you on campus, and I know I would remember."

Walt again jumped in. "She's a freshman."

Rich gave Walt a sly look but directed his next question at Ruri. "That makes you what, nineteen?"

Ruri glanced at Walt and nodded when he didn't object. "I've been very busy."

Rich nodded as if he understood and then turned towards the door. "Hell, I'm glad for you, both of you. Walt's a good man Ruri, my advice, keep him."

Ruri grinned. "I think I will."

"Well, I'm late for my date, and seeing as you're not dead or severely maimed, I'm gonna head out." He pulled open the door and Walt moved to close it. Rich turned to his friend once he was out in the hall. 

"Dude, whatever you did to get her, you have got to tell me." He smiled and narrowed his eyes. "She's not a hooker is she?" Walt stared daggers at Rich. "Okay, okay. No need for Hulk to 'Smash'. I was just kidding."

Rich turned serious. "Dude, she is a ten. Don't fuck it up."

Walt shut the door on his friend.

Ruri was right there and he drew her to him. "Well, that went well. I guess we'll have to get you enrolled in school. Though how I'm going to explain why you're still a freshman next year to Rich I have no idea. Wait. Will your powers allow you to make that background we just made up real?"

Ruri shrugged. "It would be covered under my protection powers, in this case protecting our anonymity, so yes it would. We would need a lot more details but it wouldn't be hard."

Walt thought about that. "Alright I'll leave the details to you... is that okay? Can you handle that or does it need to come from me."

She shook her head at this. "I will be capable of creating the details. By the time I am done, Ruri Powers will have everything she needs to be an average citizen and freshman going on sophomore."

She again got the amused look on her face. "By the way, Powers?"

Walt shrugged. "I panicked, sorry." 

She laughed as she jumped him, wrapping her arms around him and kissing him deeply. "I love it."

"Good, because it'll be half way around campus by morning once Rich's latest girlfriend gets through. She is an impossible gossip."

Ruri narrowed her eyes. "I better get my background done before tomorrow then."

Walt took the opportunity to smack her lightly on the ass.

"Hey, what's with the panties? I don't remember owning a pair and I know I didn't have time to wish you any."

Ruri lifted the shirt to give Walt a better look at the skimpy lingerie. They were hip huggers and they clung to her round ass rather nicely. 

"I thought you wouldn't want your friend to see me nude, so I went to the bathroom and scanned his mind to find something appropriate. The same powers that let me protect us allow me to provide for the basic needs of my Master and myself. I had to dig pretty deep in his mind to find something that wouldn't scream penthouse forum."

Walt laughed "Sounds like Rich. So you can create clothes for yourself?"

She nodded "Yes. It allows me to blend in better, which, as I said before, falls under protecting our privacy."

Walt's stomach chose that moment to let itself be known. He realized he hadn't eaten anything since the day before, and all the "activity" today had seriously depleted his energy reserves.

"You hungry? Want to go out?"

Ruri got a wide eyed look. "Oh master, I would love to go out and see the world with you!" 

Walt started to get dressed, of course all his clothes no longer fit. Walt pulled out a pair of sweat pants from the hamper and slipped them on. They had always been kind of tight, but now they looked like parachute pants. He cinched the draw string as tight as he could and then threw on a shirt. The shirt was also large but only in the body; his shoulders had apparently not changed much.

He turned to Ruri and she giggled. 

"Can you create clothing for me?"

Ruri shook her head. "Only if it was for your protection or if it was part of an erotic wish."

"Alright, I figured as much. You better whip something up for yourself."

Tingle. Flash.

Ruri had decided to go with something casual, but she could have made rags look like a gown. She had on white jeans that hugged her legs and ass, and her top was a black spaghetti strap that showed off her shoulders and a generous amount of cleavage. Black calf high boots with two-inch heels completed the outfit.

"Damn!" Was all Walt could get out.

"Master, you know just how to make a Genie feel all gooey inside..." Ruri looked up into his eyes "and how to compliment a girl."