 They decided to head to the Mall, mostly because both of them were in serious need of the basics. Walt knew he could have found some sort of creative wish to handle that problem, but that just wasn't his style. Walt worked for what he got, always had and always will. So they were on their way to do some shopping and get a bite to eat.

Walt, not a fan of shopping, quickly picked up a half dozen pairs of pants, shirts, and underwear. Ruri took a bit longer to pick out her new clothes, but Walt found the experience quite a bit more stimulating. Ruri was like a kid in a candy store. She couldn't decide on any one, or any two or three, outfits. She ended up with a dozen within the first ten minutes.

She took considerably longer trying them all on, mostly because she took great joy in trying each of them on and showing them off. At one point she was gone for a few more minutes than usual. Walt made sure the store clerk wasn't looking before he slipped into the back rooms.

He found he, they were the only two in the dressing rooms, looking over the last two outfits. Walt silently approached Ruri. He slipped his arms around her, "Hey, everything alright?"

Ruri folded into his embrace. "Everything is fine, now. I was just thinking on the best way to lure you back here."

"Oh? And what would you have done when you did get me back here?"

Ruri turned around in his arms. "This."

She stretched up to him and their lips met. The kiss deepened as she twined her arms around him. Walt moved them into the small dressing room, his lips sealed over hers and his hands roaming her back. Her hands were also roaming, but with a much lower goal in mind. He felt his fly being undone and a slim hand slip inside his trousers to caress his shaft.

Walt was already hard, not difficult to understand why. He had a need for this woman he couldn't explain. His hands clasped her ass and he lifted her up against the wall. She wrapped one leg around him and braced the other against the door. This gave Walt a beautiful view of her lace covered pussy. Just looking at it made his dick throb, and, without preamble, he shifted aside her panties and thrust into her.

She was very hot, very wet, and very tight. Her core felt like a velvet glove squeezing his shaft. His need dictated the pace, and it was a deep need. Soon both of them were breathing hard and sweat covered. Ruri had been stifling her cries of passion as much as she could. Finally she had to bury her face into his shoulder as her orgasm overtook her.

Walt felt his end was near, and he plunged as deeply into her as he could. He felt his cock pump his seed into her again and again. After what seemed like hours he pulled out of her and set her down. He sat heavily on the bench, eyes closed as he reveled in the afterglow of their activities.

He was startled when he felt a warm mouth engulf his cum covered cock. Walt opened his eyes to see Ruri on her knees, cleaning his shaft of both their juices. He just watched as she greedily licked up every drop, and then smiled at him.

"See, my trap worked." By the sound of her voice, Ruri was extremely pleased with herself. Walt couldn't complain either.

"I love it when a plan comes together."

They left the mall, and Walt drove them to a park by way of a sandwich shop. They took their food with them and found a place in the park with some picnic tables where Ruri could watch the people. She was fascinated by everything, and it was the cutest thing Walt had seen yet. It was getting close to twilight, but they still had a while before it was dark. Ruri laughed at Walt's dismay, and he listened with rapt attention as she explained that since the moment he released her she had been acclimating to the world around. She knew, for instance, what a Reuben sandwich was but had never tasted one.

Until now that is.

Ruri took a big bite out of her lunch and chewed with obvious enthusiasm and delight. It only made Walt laugh harder. Ruri ate with gusto, and Walt joined her, giving into his hunger and devoured his meal. Walt glanced around to see if there was anyone he knew around. He had told Ruri to stop whatever it was that had made Rich see him as he was, but now he was a bit nervous. He doubted anyone would recognize him but there was always the off chance it would happen.

The park wasn't exactly a hot spot, but, at this late in the spring, it was fairly populated. Although people were becoming scarcer as night came on.

His gaze wondered over a passing girl. She was cute, with short blonde hair and blue eyes, her breasts were on the medium side, probably a large B-cup. She was wearing jogging shorts and a tank top, and her eyes lingered on him for a few suggestive seconds before she continued on her evening run. Walt started to wonder what turned her on, or what she was like in the sack.

"She's pretty hot."

Walt snapped his head back around to Ruri. "Um, yeah, sorry."

"Sorry for what Ma..Walt?"

"For, you know..." Walt motioned at the girl.

"Oh Walt, you're so sweet, but I don't feel any jealousy. In fact I think you have great taste."

Walt felt like he had been hit with a Mack Truck.

"Wait, What?! You don't mind me looking at other girls?"

"I don't mind if you do more than look." Ruri waggled her eyebrows at Walt. After picking his jaw up off the floor, Walt considered this.

"You would be okay with me sleeping with other women." Ruri nodded. "And what about you?"

"Me? I don't mind sleeping with other women either, as long as it's okay with you."

Walt picked his jaw up for the second time.

"You're Bi?"

"Walt, I am anything you want."

"So you don't want to sleep with other guys?"

Ruri thought that one over. "I would if you asked me to, but I wouldn't by choice. I think that the part of my personality that is abhorrent to sleep with other guys was pulled from your subconscious."

"Well that was spot on. I defiantly don't want any other guy touching you."

They disposed of their trash and started to walk the jogging path, just enjoying each other and watching the sunset. The park was empting quickly now that the sun was going down, with only a few people staying around after dark.

Walt found they had walked down a secluded trail off the jogging path. Walt looked around, no people where in sight.

"Can you make it so nobody will notice us?"

Ruri considered this for a second. Tingle, Flash. "Done"

Walt got an evil glint in his eye.

"Good. I wish we had a blanket so I can ravish you in comfort."

Tingle, Flash. A red and white blanket appeared, spread out, on the grass. It was larger than normal and would easily accommodate Walt's tall frame.

"Get rid of our clothes. I want to see you."

Flash. Walt felt a slight breeze on his now unclothed skin, but he was too engrossed in Ruri's bare beauty that he hardly noticed. He pulled Ruri to him and kissed her deeply. She pressed against him and snaked her arms around his neck. Walt's hands wandered down to her perfect ass and cupped her. Ruri tightened her grasp and wrapped her legs around him.

Walt held her for a long moment, just enjoying his lips on hers and the pressure of her body against his. He bent at the knees and lowered her onto the blanket. He worked his way down her body, paying attention to her breasts and stomach, until he got to her glistening pussy.

"I wish for a pair of ethereal mouths to attack your nipples!"

Tingle, Flash.

"Ooooo, Master! You're so mean!"

Ruri arched her back as invisible mouths suckled at her tits. Walt attacked her clit and was rewarded as she bucked her hips in pleasure. An idea hit Walt.

"I wish I had an ethereal cock pumping your pussy."

Tingle, Flash.

Ruri shuddered in a small orgasm as an invisible cock invaded her pussy. Walt was glad that Ruri granted the spirit of his wishes, it made it easier and he didn't have to come up with long drawn out wishes. As the ghost dick pumped her pussy, Walt felt how it felt. He was watching Ruri's pussy ripple with the movement and could feel her tight around his shaft.

Just for kicks and giggles, he slipped his fingers into her opening. The ghost dick didn't impede him at all, and Ruri got the feel of both cock and fingers in her which elicited a sharp grunt from her. Walt returned to tonguing and suckling her clit.

Ruri was almost constantly shaking from orgasms. Walt was nearing his end as well. Ruri's slick tunnel milked the ghost dick, and his by proxy. She had given up trying to keep quiet, a corner of the blanket was clenched tightly between her teeth.   Walt halted his assault on her button as something finally registered on his conscious, if sex addled, mind.

Ruri wasn't making noise, so who was screaming?

Walt looked up, and saw movement through the bushes. He could just barely make out what looked like two people struggling, but the screams were definitely feminine and definitely born of terror. Walt didn't think about it he just acted. Jumping up, he burst through the bushes.

There in front of him was the cute jogging girl that had smiled at him, and a man in a ski mask. He had her on the ground, a knife that would have made Rambo proud, at her neck and his pants around his ankles. He was thrusting into her with abandon, yelling at her to shut up, as she screamed.

"SON OF A BITCH!"

Ski-Mask jerked in surprise as he realized he wasn't alone. He saw Walt, still naked, and hesitated. Walt didn't. He crossed the distance in an instant rearing back with his foot for a field goal, and Ski-Mask's head was the ball.

Unfortunately for Walt, Ski-mask shook off his befuddlement at a naked stranger interfering, and moved. Walt's kick didn't connect straight on. It glanced off his head as he rolled off the girl.

"What the FUCK man? You insane?"

Walt was seeing red. "Shut the fuck up you piece of Shit."

Ski-Mask brandished the knife. "You're pretty stupid eh? Pendejo."

He lunged at Walt, knife first. Walt didn't really know what to do. He wasn't a trained fighter or even an amateur. All he knew was that if the knife stayed in play he would die. So he took the knife out of play.

Walt's hand swept forward into the knife's path. It was quick and he felt little pain as the knife sliced through his hand. He twisted his wrist, catching the blade in the metacarpals of his hand and ripped it from Ski-Mask's grasp.

Ski-Mask eyes widened at Walt's tactic and he completely missed Walt's left hook until it connected with his temple. He staggered, shook his head/, and wised up. Ski-Mask took off like a shot and was out of sight within seconds.

Walt just stood there, chest heaving. Time seemed to slow a bit as the adrenalin rush bottomed out. Walt started to shake slightly and he noticed for the first time the excruciating pain coming from his hand.

Ruri was there suddenly. "Master! Oh Master, you're hurt." She seemed on the verge of tears as she cradled his hand. She quickly and deftly removed the knife from his hand. Walt winced as it came free, but the pain disappeared and he watched as the skin knitted and healed. There was only a faint scar left as any evidence something had happened. He was about to ask Ruri about it, but the sobs of the girl forestalled any questions.

Realizing they were both still bare ass naked, Walt wished their clothes back on. The girl was curled in the fetal position as Walt approached her. Her eyes were distant and unfocused.

"It's okay. Everything will be alright. You're safe now."

She didn't respond. It didn't even seem like she heard him. .

"Ruri?"

"She's in shock, traumatized. Her mind has retreated in on itself. It happens sometimes with rape victims."

"Can you heal her?"

"Yes. Her wounds are from sexual trauma. It would be an easy wish."

"Do it."

Tingle. Flash. Frown.

"What is it?"

"Her body is whole, but I can't get into her mind. There is something preventing me."

"What could do that?"

Ruri thought for a second. "Only a Major Djinn or a Sorcerer could have prevented my powers."

Walt cursed himself. He should have realized the screams weren't Ruri's sooner. He should have been quicker. He should have.... "Walt you shouldn't think like that."

"How do you know what I'm thinking?"

"I don't need Genie powers to read your mind right now Walt. I can see you're beating yourself up. You shouldn't. It wasn't your fault."

"I know. I just..."

Walt closed his eyes and turned away. Damn. He just felt so helpless. Walt looked back at the girl. Her life had been violated by some asshole rapist and she would carry those scars for the rest of her life. She would probably develop severe psychological problems that would prevent or interfere with any kind of normal relationship she might otherwise have had.

Walt looked into her blue eyes. No. It was unacceptable. This shouldn't have happened. He wouldn't let it happen. Walt felt something. A pull, he felt like he was being pulled by something in her eyes. He could hear Ruri faintly in the background, but couldn't make out her words. There was only the two of them. Him and the girl... in the dark.

********************

Walt found himself in a vast blackness. His shout of hello was simply swallowed by the dark. He started to walk, just to see if there was any change. There was. Walt came upon a morbid scene. The girl was suspended in the darkness as dozens of Ski-Masked clad men assaulted her. It was a ghastly gangbang and it sickened Walt.

"Ruri!"

She was there beside him and she gasped at the horrible scene.

"Ruri, what is this?"

"I believe we are in her mind, Walt. This seems to be the living memory of her ordeal that is causing her to become catatonic."

"How are we here?"

"I don't know, it wasn't by my doing."

Walt watched as the violation continued. He could see it growing in intensity, and as the memory grew it took more out of her. Already she was starting to look sickly and weak. This memory had spun completely out of control. Whatever force had brought him here, he wasn't just going to watch as this woman was violated a second time.

Walt started forward, his anger and rage starting to bubble inside him. He reached the first of the Ski-masked men and swung. Walt hit nothing but air as the man ducked, and then he was flying through the air back towards Ruri.

Walt stood up on shaky legs with Ruri's help. This wasn't like the last fight, he knew he wasn't really here, this was just his concept of what was going on in her mind, and apparently her memory of the event was stronger than him.

No it isn't.

Walt blinked. "What did you say?"

Ruri looked quizzically at Walt. "I didn't say anything, Master."

It is strength of will that will make the difference in this place.

A woman's voice, and from the look Ruri was giving him, only he could hear her.

This fight can be won.

Taking a deep breath Walt started back towards the Ski-Masked men. Strength of Will not muscle is what will win this fight.

Walt dug deep into his memory for every action film he had ever seen, and channeled his inner Bruce Lee. This time Walt's fist struck Ski-mask like a lightning bolt. The phantom flew back and hit the ground in a twisted heap. This got the attention of the rest of the phantoms, and they didn't seem too happy about it.

They swarmed Walt, and he met them with everything he had. More of the phantoms went down, but they just kept coming. Soon enough Walt was pinned down. Ski-Masks were everywhere punching and kicking. Walt changed tactics. He concentrated on his right hand, and watched as it became steel and grew spikes.

More phantoms fell before Walt and still more came. He concentrated again, a dozen spiked maces appeared and started to beat the Phantoms on their own, still more Phantoms came. Walt didn't know what else he could throw at them, and started to doubt the voice he had heard. There was no way he could win this fight...

Wait. What if he wasn't supposed to win? The realization hit Walt like a slap to the face. This wasn't his mind, it wasn't his will that was the strongest here. It was her's.

But she was restrained, unable to escape the memory. Walt knew what he needed to do now. He concentrated and formed a blade before him. He sent the blade spinning out towards the girl. It sliced though the darkness, and the girl fell to the floor. All the Phantoms stopped, turned/, and watched as she pushed herself up on her elbows. The Phantoms seemed to panic as they rushed towards her, their intent, clearly, was to put her back in restraints.

They didn't get within ten feet before she screamed an Earth shattering wail that blasted them into vapor. Walt was buffeted by the blast, but stayed firmly rooted in place. All that was left was a dark room and the three of them.

Walt approached the girl. She lay propped up on her arms with her head down. He grimaced as he started to make out the details of her. Her body was emaciated and sickly pale. Her hair was frayed and her eyes were sunken. She reminded Walt of those pictures of Holocaust survivors after they were freed, all bone and skin, like death warmed over.

Walt knelt by her. He could hear her voice under her sobs repeating to herself over and over.

"Stop. Make it stop."

Walt wrapped her carefully up in his arms, afraid he might break her. "Shhh, it's going to be alright."

She sobbed so hard Walt thought her body might just shatter. Walt just wanted to comfort her, to make the pain go away. Ruri joined them and he embraced her as well.

"I wish I could help her more."

"As do I, Master."

Tingle. Ruri looked a bit confused.

"Master, there are ways to help, but I believe you already have a way."

"What? How?"

"I don't know Master, but you do possess the ability."

"Alright let's get past the how I got it and focus on the how I use it."

"Concentrate, if you have the ability to affect this place, and her, then it will be with your will."

Walt did as Ruri suggested and concentrated. He was aware of his thoughts, his emotions, but that was it. He started to feel ridiculous, this was getting him nowhere. Before he quit completely he noticed a small pin prick in his thoughts that was not his own. He felt cold despair emanating from it. This was it, Walt just knew it. This was a connection to her.

Walt went at it with his will. It was small and seemingly unyielding, but he worried at it. Little by little he widened the breach. Once it was big enough he poured all the love he had into her. All his love for his family, his friends... for Ruri. He poured it all into her. Radiating warmth into her soul.

Walt heard Ruri's soft gasp and opened his eyes. Instead of a darkened and bleak room, Walt saw a dull but brightening field of brown grass. As he continued the flow, the grass became greener and the sky became brighter. Before long they were in a beautiful field on a sunny day.

Walt smiled at Ruri who was also grinning. Looking back down at the girl he found her to be healthy and whole again.

"Yes!"

Walt's joy spiked. Everything was working, he had won, he had fought off the darkness... he had forgotten to sever the connection! Walt realized he was no longer feeding energy to her, she was pulling it from him!

Walt panicked. He tried to slam the connection closed only to have the force shoved back at him. His world turned black.

********************

Walt awoke in his bed with a slight headache and the feel of warm lips around his shaft. Yep/, definitely a bad habit, but at least this time there was a perk. Walt kept his eyes closed and just enjoyed the sensation. Ruri was always surprising him, he had received several blowjobs from her and every one of them had been different, and this one was no exception.

She would bob a few times on him before licking his shaft like a lollipop. She would then pop just the head of his dick into her mouth and swirl her tongue around his sensitive helmet. She continued this torture for what seemed like hours but was more like minutes. Walt felt Ruri run her hands over his chest and followed them with her mouth as she kissed his chest and abs...
