 "The Wishmaster?"

Tiff sat cross-legged on the dusty attic floor. The Asian girl's sandy bangs swooped just above her blue eyes. She looked over the cover of a board game. It was thick, heavy, and carved from wood.

"So, how do we play?" Ashtyn asked, crouching next to Tiff. Her dirty-blonde hair spilled upon her broad, boney shoulders.

"Roll the dice, do what the Wishmaster asks..." Mills, a muscular young man, leaned-in over the girls' shoulders and read the inscription on the bottom right corner of the board game. "...and your game piece will move..."

"Do what the Wishmaster asks?" Ashtyn arched a brow.

"I'm assuming dance or oink like a pig, something embarrassing." Tiff looked back down at the cover and read the instructions aloud. "You can either perform for the Wishmaster and move forward or refuse and be passed. First one to the end will be granted a wish."

"It says something bad will happen if you pass." Mills pointed to the warning.

Tiff laughed it off. "You actually believe this?"

"No!" Mills shot back. "Just reading aloud."

With a mischievous grin, Tiff glanced to her friend, Ashtyn. "So, y'all wanna pla—"

"Hey!" a voice called from downstairs.

Tiff's wide beam relaxed into a frown. She glared up to Mills once again. "Did you tell him we were here? I told you Ash has no interest tongue-tying your boy."

Mills offered a slight shrug. His eyes jumped from the look of disgust on his girlfriend's face to Ashtyn's upturned nose. "I ummm..."

The attic door flung open with a jarring shriek. In walked a nerd wearing thick horn-rimmed glasses, suspenders, and pant-legs rolled high above his ankles. "Hola!" he said in a nasally voice. "Heard your parents were out of town."

"Ugh..." Tiff turned back to the game.

"Dex!" Mills clapped hands with his scrawny friend. "My man!"

"Then you fuck him..." Tiff grumbled under her breath as she opened the board game and set four animal pieces at the starting point: a cuttlefish, bonobo ape, rabbit, and honey bee. To Dex, she asked, "I guess you're in, huh?"

"Sure." Dex knelt. "I'll take the ape."

"Honey bee!" Ashtyn blurted.

"I guess I'll go with the fish thingy." Tiff snatched the pair of dice and extended her hand to anyone willing to take them. "So, who's first?"

Ashtyn looked to Mills, who glanced to Tiff. All appeared hesitant.

"Fine. I'll go." Dex took the dice from Tiff's palm. "But is there anything I need to know—"

"It tells you things to do, if you do them you move forward," Tiff interrupted in a rushed, agitated way. "First one to the end gets their wish."

"Hmm..." Dex breathed a lucky breath on the dice before rolling them across the board. It landed on seven. In the middle of the board set a globe and inside a cloudy message formed:

'In order to move ahead, you must remove your threads!'

They all chuckled.

"What kind of game is this?" Ashtyn asked.

Dex shrugged and started to remove his pants.

"Whoa!" Tiff said. "I don't want to see that."

Ashtyn covered her laughter.

"Hey, you don't have to do what it says. But as for me, I want my wish." With glasses in hand, Dex pulled off his shirt to the squeals and laughs of the room. He was bony, ribs showing, not a muscle on his body. He pushed his glasses back up the bridge of his nose and then proceeded to unbuckle his pants. Upon yanking them down along with his boxers, the laughs in the room turned to gasps. What he lacked in physique, Dex made up for below the waist.

His huge cock silenced the room: Tiff's eyes widened before being covered by Mills' hand. Ashtyn blushed and turned away, but snuck in side glances.

Dex reached for the ape game piece, but it slid seven spots on its own. "That's cool. Is that magnetized?"

"Must be..." Tiff pushed Mill's hand from her face. "Who's next?"

Ashtyn shook her head. Mills scooted away. So, Tiff rolled them herself. The dice stopped on six. The cloud reappeared in the globe once again.

'In order to move ahead, you must remove your threads!'

"Fuck that," Tiff blurted, followed by a giggle. "I pass."

"What!" Dex bemoaned.

"Hey, chill," Mills said to his buddy, "my girlfriend is not getting naked in front of you—"

A chorus of alerts sounded from their phones. Their messages read: Nuclear attack!

The circle of friends sent fearful glances to one another before jumping away from the board game.

"No way!" Ashtyn looked to the floor in deep thought.

"This game can't be responsible..." Tiff raised a brow. "...right?"

"Okay. We're done with this." Mills began to close the board game when another cloudy message formed:

'You must finish what you start, or else the world will fall apart!'

"Fucking. Shit!" Tiff growled. With her eyes downcast, she stepped on the heel of her high-tops and unbuckled her jeans.

Mills snagged his girlfriend's elbow. "You're not gonna go through with this, are you?"

Tiff yanked her arm free of Mills' clutch. Through clenched teeth, she said, "Looks like we don't have a choice."

"Why do your parents even have this game—How did..." Mills paced the attic floor while rubbing his temples.

Ashtyn submitted her palms and stepped even further back from the board game. "Listen, I haven't rolled yet, so technically I'm—"

"I'm not playing this game with just Dex! You're in the game," Tiff said to Ashtyn. She then swung her sharp eyes to Mills. "And you are too."

The group looked to one another again, and with a collective sigh, they sat around the board game.

Tiff kept her eyes to the vaulted ceiling while undressing. She whipped the socks off her small feet. Her tiny proportioned toes topped with a deep purple polish. She shimmied out of her frayed jeans, along with her panties. With her left hand over her bald pussy, she used the right to pull the polo shirt over her head. She turned away when unlatching her pink bra, giving the room a nice glimpse of her round ass. Standing completely naked, she shyly turned back around. Her right arm draped over her humble round breasts, covering her dark areolas, and her left hand hid her pussy. She knelt and sat back on the heels of her bare feet.

The cuttlefish moved six spaces, and upon stopping, the Nuclear Attack alerts disappeared from their phones.

Tiff eyeballed her boyfriend. "Mills?"

"Dammit..." Mills took up the dice and rolled. It landed on eight. The globe again displayed the same message. Mills heaved a reluctant breath but stripped as well. He removed the shirt off his shredded torso, the jock had muscles on top of muscles. With his thumbs underneath the band of his boxers, he shoved them down with his jeans and quickly palmed his average-sized cock.

Tiff blushed at the inadequate size compared to Dex.

Ashtyn, on the other hand, ogled at Mills' chiseled physique. She softly panted, "I don't know about this, you guys..."

"Ash!" Tiff reached over the game board and snapped her fingers in Ashtyn's face. "I know he's naked, but he's still my boyfriend."

Ashtyn shook her head, awaking from the distraction. She handled the dice but absently stared at the board.

After a solid minute, Mills nudged Ashtyn's arm with his elbow. "Hey!"

Startled, Ashtyn accidentally released the dice. Four. She sent an evil eye Mills' way, and without even looking at the message, she started removing her clothes. She unzipped her dress boots and tugged the socks off her slender feet, long toes painted red. She wiggled out of her skinny jeans and unbuttoned her white shirt. She placed them in a neat pile and rejoined the game in her black bra and thong.

"Ash?" Tiff urged her friend to continue.

Ashtyn rolled her eyes while unlatching the bra from her wide-set breasts. Like Tiff, Ashtyn placed an arm over her pink cookie-sized nipples. She then stepped out of her thong, exposing her little bush.

The friends sat naked around the board game, covering themselves to the rest of the room while exchanging nervous glances.

"Okay. Soooo... my roll!" " Dex didn't waste anytime gathering the dice and tossing them out again. The dice came to a stop on nine. A cloudy message appeared:

'Unless you want to restart, you must handle your part!'

"Handle my..." Dex furrowed a brow, but his face quickly softened as the realization hit him. While looking over the faces in the room, he gripped his shaft, shrugged, and stroked himself. The ape moved nine spots.

Mills placed a hand to his brow, blocking out the scene.

Ashtyn looked to the ceiling.

Tiff kept her eyes on the board game as she collected the dice. In her peripheral, she could see Dex working. The motion of his arm distracted her and before she could stop herself, she shot him a look. His bone-stiff cock was long, thick, and captivated her. Her eyes lingered before turning to Mills, whose eyes were dead-locked onto her. He caught her red-handed staring at Dex. Instead of offering a word, she just dropped the dice to a three.

'To continue your trip, you must feel the whip!'

The floorboards creaked in the far corners of the shadowy attic. A giant man materialized from the darkness in a long robe with an executioner's mask. In his hand, he held a wooden paddle with 'Wishmaster' engraved in the center.

"Who ah-are you?" Ashtyn stammered.

The executioner didn't reply. He continued toward Tiff.

"Hey, man!" Mills jumped up to defend his girlfriend, but upon seeing the pitch black eyes behind the mask, he gulped and cowered down.

"Thanks a lot, prick," Tiff barked at her quivering boyfriend. She then swung back to the executioner, but before she could say anything, he roughly shoved her to her hands and knees. To the surprise of everyone, the brash Tiff didn't fight back. Her face reddened further, but she remained subserviently in position.

The executioner bent at the waist and grabbed Tiff's thin ankle. He softly patted the bottom of her feet, one after another, before standing back up.

As Tiff looked over her shoulder, the paddle licked her round ass, causing her to jolt forward. She flexed her jaw and growled. He struck her again. She flinched. Her eyes jumped from Mills to Ashtyn and finally to Dex, who was vigorously masturbating while watching her spanked like a child. Her eyes enflamed with anger, but she couldn't help but to feel a little aroused.

Dex shrugged while stroking his huge member. "What am I supposed to do?"

Tiff hung her head, but the executioner struck her again, jolting her body and forcing her head back up. The vibrations shook her perky breasts.

After one final smack, the executioner bowed like a proud thespian. He dutifully marched back to the far corner of the attic and disappeared into the shadows.

Tiff scowled. She rubbed her bright red ass, which had 'Wishmaster' tattooed across it. She settled back and hissed as her raw backside made contact with the floorboards.

"You alright?" Mills placed a hand on Tiff's shoulder.

"Dandy." Tiff shrugged his touch away. "Your turn."

Mills sighed. He picked the dice up, rotated them in his palm, and rolled a five.

'To continue your roam, you must suppress your moan!'

A flesh colored cylinder wormed out from the gloomy corner. It inched across the floor, over the board game, and started up Mills' leg.

Mills swatted the cylinder away and bolted to his feet. "What the fuck is that thing?"

"Mills, quit being a pussy," Tiff said, "and let's get this game over with."

"I'm not sticking my dick in that thing—"

"Mills!" Tiff growled.

"It's just a pocket-pussy." Dex continued beating his cock.

"Pocket-pussies crawl on the floor?" Mills whined for a moment before allowing the cylinder up his left leg. He looked to his girlfriend. "If this thing bites my dick off, you're gonna have to deal with it."

Tiff shrugged. "Would it be much of a difference?"

Mills face soured at her, shoulders hunched as though taking that comment like a blow to the gut.

"Ha! Burn!" Dex laughed aloud.

"Brah, I think you're having too much fun," Mills said to Dex as the cylinder crawled over his thigh. It slipped over the head of Mills' skinny cock and swallowed his shaft whole. "Ohhh..." Mills hunched.

"What does it feel like?" Ashtyn asked.

"Like a, um, warm tight puss-ee!" Mills shrieked as the cylinder came alive. It vibrated while, at the same time, stroking his cock. He lost his breath. His body tensed, muscles flexed. "Ohhh-kay..." He whipped his head to Ashtyn. "Hurr-eeeee!"

"Are you alright?" Ashtyn asked.

Mills collapsed to his knees. His body trembled. He narrowed his eyes to Ashtyn and huffed, "Go!"

Ashtyn snatched the dice up and rolled a two.

'Two is for Boo!'

Ashtyn gawked at her friends. "Who is Boo—Ooo! Oh my..." A sudden tingle attacked her pussy causing her to buck. "What was tha—" A strong wind tossed Ashtyn to her back across the dusty floorboards. Two ropes came alive from the wooden rafters and attached to her ankles, spreading her legs and tying her feet in the air. Another rope slithered like a snake across the floor and bound itself around her wrists. She felt an intense pressure. Her legs quaked in the restraints, long toes stretched. Her body rocked as though ravaged by a ghost. Her wide-seat breasts bounced, pink nipples became hard.

"Hurrrrr-eeee!" Mills pleaded. The cylinder moved up and down his cock, wiggled and squirmed. He convulsed and watched as his game piece—the rabbit—hopped back toward the starting line. "No, no, no..."

With one hand stroking himself, Dex collected the dice and rolled an eight.

'You just rolled the great eight, so put a pal's girlfriend on your plate!'

Dex slowly glanced up to the haunted expression of Tiff.

Tiff's eyes broadened under her slanted brows. She shook her head, refusing, while pulling her knees to her breasts in a tight ball.

"Tiff-fa-fa, just do it!" Ashtyn shuddered. Her body rocked on the floor. Her breasts jiggled, toes curled. She tensed and pulled the slack out of the restraints.

Tiff relaxed a bit. She turned to Mills for a second opinion.

Mills gripped the cylinder on his cock but couldn't remove it. The tickle intensified. He closed his eyes and vehemently nodded for his girlfriend to continue.

Tiff expelled a heavy breath before lying on her back. She kept her hands over her tiny brown nipples, her feet flat to the floor. As Dex inched over to her, she slightly opened her warm thighs. She looked away as he delved into her tight, wet center.

"Ha-ah-ah! Ummmmm..." Ashtyn, bound and helpless, tried to resist the urge to cry out. She arched her back off the floor and pinched her lips into a tight line. She relieved a slight squeak with each bounce of her breasts. "Ee-ee-ee..."

While Dex devoured her pussy, Tiff reached out for the dice and rolled a ten.

'A tenny-ten-ten! One away from a win. Either suck a cock or enjoy cunnilingus from a friend!'

"That's not fair—Uh!" A strong itch in her pussy interrupted Tiff's sentence. Dex's tongue, lips, tickled her to the core. "How does this game know so much about—Uh!—so much about—Ah!—so much about us, huh?"

The cylinder fell off Mills' cock and crawled back into the dark recesses.

Mills caught his breath. His cock was steely erect, veins protruded through the thin shaft. After composing himself, Mills picked up the dice and dropped them on five.

'Roll a five and take the one that is at your side!'

Mills turned to Ashtyn on his left, who was in a pleasure trance. On his hands and knees, he made his way in-between her splayed legs.

As he entered her wet pussy, Ashtyn's eyes shot open. The rope untied her wrists, ankles, but Mills postured up and held her legs wide to each side, all while thrusting. She released a moan-filled breath. "I need the... dice..." While Mills hammered her body, she stretched her arm just long enough for the dice. She tossed out a two.

'I feel terrible that you rolled a two again, so I'll give you the position you have the most fun within!'

Ashtyn pushed Mills off, to his back. She covered herself and paused for a minute to cool her red cheeks.

"I was just getting started," Mills said.

"Tough shit." Ashtyn leered at Mills' glistening cock. She pounced like a tigress and straddled his waist. She rolled her hips over his cock and the tip slipped inside of her soaked pussy.

Tiff's breasts trembled with her shaky breaths. She wasn't even paying attention to her boyfriend and friend across the board game. Her full concentration was on the pressure building inside her body. She raised her feet off the floor and squeezed Dex's head in her thighs. She dug her fingers through his hair. Her mouth hung open, in shock, in all out pleasure. "Roll-the-damn-dice," she spat out in a rushed speech.

While flicking her clit with his tongue, Dex reached under her leg and palmed the dice. He tossed them out and they landed on a four.

'For a four, you get to take her like a whore!'

"What the hell does that mean..." Tiff panted.

Dex appeared to know. He flipped the disheveled Tiff around on her belly. As she crawled to her knees, he entered her from behind with a hefty plunge.

The cock stretched Tiff, and the impact knocked her forward. "Oo!" Her thoughts scattered as his huge cock pumped her. She absently stared to the spider webs in the corner of the attic. A tickle misted her eyes. She made a low continuous moan, which picked up sound with each strong heave from Dex. She frowned, lowered her brows in a bitter expression. "Uh! Ughhhhh!"

"Any day now!" Ashtyn called out. She jumped up and down on Mills' pole. Her wide-set breasts jounced. Her face softened.

Feeling her own orgasm, Tiff grabbed the dice and rolled. As it landed on ten once again, she grunted and came on Dex's cock. Her arms gave-out and she belly-flopped to the grimy floor. The message read:

'Congratulations! You have reached the finish. Now let me know your one wish'

Although the game was over, Ashtyn didn't climb off Mills. Her hips slowed, but she rode his cock nonetheless.

Dex leaned down over Tiff and kissed her cheek. His hard cock grazed her drenched vulva. "What's your wish?" he whispered in Tiff's ear.

"My one wish..." Tiff thought for a moment. She looked around the room at her naked friends: Ashtyn softly bounced on Mills cock, both eyeing Tiff as though awaiting her answer. She then leered over her shoulder at the young man on top of her. With a sly grin, she said, "My one wish is to, uh... play again."