 Morgana jumped, Spinning around as the door sprang open and bounced back from the wall. She wasn't surprised, she'd felt the power in the air and knew that Aidan was Spinning the elements. She had sensed all five elements but most prevalent were the elements of Air and Fire. Aidan was angry.

"Come here woman." Aidan growled as he stalked into the room.

Despite herself Morgana took a step back, then another as he advanced across the room. Oh yes, he was angry and prepared to take that anger out on her. Morgana had had many an opportunity to see Aidan angry, he resented her presence and made no attempt to hide it. But this, this was something different. Fury raged across his face and there was an edge, a killing edge to him as he advanced on her. It was primal, animalistic and like nothing she'd seen from him before. Aidan always dealt with her at a distance, never offering or asking anything personal. As far as Morgana knew Aidan still did not know where she was born and raised. 

"Aidan...I can't..." Morgana stammered as she realized Aidan was still Spinning the elements.

"You would deny me?" he asked, disbelief evident in his voice. "You are mine, woman, and here to serve."

Morgana took another step back, never realizing that she was backing herself into a corner. She hadn't been with Aidan long, little over a year, and there was much yet she had to teach him. He gave her very little of his time and there was many things basic to being a warlock that he still did not know. One of those was that it is dangerous, for warlock and donia alike, to lay together when one was still Spinning the elements. "Of course not!" Morgana sounded offended, "but you must know..."

"Enough!" Aidan roared and reached out to grab her by the arm. Furious, thoughts of her and all he'd lost still running through his head, he dragged her across the room and pushed her towards the bed.

Morgana stumbled and landed against the edge of the bed, the breath knocked out of her. Instantly, Aidan was upon her pushing her down and kicking her legs apart. Using his hips he secured the lower part of her body against the bed. Her dress and corset laced up the back, she knew better then to bother with petticoats or other undergarments. Not caring he spun Fire to cut through the laces and Air to whip the dress and corset from her body. She was beautiful and even the pain of holding the elements couldn't stop him from appreciating the sight of her. 

Morgana jumped at the touch of Fire against her skin, the feeling of the element was icy cold, despite what it could do. Bare as the day she was born, Morgana could feel Aidan, large and hard pressing against her buttocks. She wasn't ready for him and whimpering she tried to move away. "Please..."

"No!" Aidan didn't wait but thrust himself inside of her. Immediately, he found relief, the power of the five elements starting to dissipate while at the same time tension built. Once, twice, he thrust forward, his fingers digging into her hips, never noticing the bruises he left behind.

Morgana struggled beneath him, he was hurting her, in more ways than one. His fingers tug into the tender skin of her hips while at the same time he tore into her with his cock. But that was nothing, little more than a bother compared to the pain of accepting the power he sent surging into her body. 

It was her role, her responsibility as his donia to take the power into her body, using it for her own work or holding it until he needed it. It was a responsibility, and a honor – if a painful one. Aidan was a warlock and because of that he exuded power the way other people sweat. Someone unused to it could be hurt by it, even a donia suffered but she was trained to deal with it.

Morgana suffered, she suffered every time he thrust into her body, the bed digging into her stomach making it impossible for her to catch her breath. But there was pleasure, a donia could not go through life without learning to take pleasure in the pain. The feel of him pressed up against her back, thrusting between her legs with his hand tangled in her hair infused her with heat.

That heat gathered, pooled somewhere deep within her belly, driving her until she strived for it. The combination of sex and Spinning was almost overwhelming. It brought pleasure to her body, pleasure spiked with pain that threatened to consume her. 

This was new to her. Always before Aidan waited, coming to her only when the pressure got to be too much and he risked hurting others. Never knowing that he hurt her. And even then, their joining had been distant, barely a touch to take the edge off. Never before had she felt flooded with his power. 

Faced for the first time with a warlock deep in the power of the elements Morgana finally understood the warnings. A donia could destroy herself for the wanting of her warlock. Taken too often she could literally burn herself up with the power of it. And if the feeling was anything akin to what she was experiencing now she knew she wouldn't care.

Aidan felt the change. Morgana no longer fought him, no longer struggled beneath him. Instead she moved with him, raising her hips off the bed to meet each of his downward thrusts. And each time he plunged into her, each time he thrust his cock deep inside of her he felt a little more of the elements draining from him. The frantic edge he'd first felt upon entering was gone, replaced by the need to release himself deep within her body. It was a natural need, a human need, one he'd forgotten long ago.

Drawing himself back, Aidan grabbed her hips and surged forward. Morgana tightened beneath him, her body tense and covered with a fine sheen of sweat. Again he thrust forward, this time drawing closer to release. Time and time again he plunged, forcing his way into her body until he felt the final surge of power. It was like a wave of heat, starting beneath his balls and moving out through his shaft. The heat and the pleasure were razor sharp, almost painful as it burst from his body that he threw his head back and roared.

Morgana tensed, deep in the abyss of pleasure she still recognized the signs of Aidan's approaching release. There was nothing she could do but surrender, open herself up to the white hot heat of power, pain and pleasure as she was filled with it. The intensity, the added sensation combined to push her over the edge and with his final thrust came her own release.

Aidan felt Morgana tense beneath him, he knew that the final flash of power was the most painful for her and he wished it wasn't so. He wished there was no need for a donia but had long since learned that without her he could never have a normal life. He didn't understand why she did it, he just knew that she did and he owed her for that. 

He was still hard, still buried deep within her. Carefully he moved, slowly stroking in and out of her body while she shuddered beneath him. He could only hope that her screams were of pleasure and pain.

Finally they lay exhausted, Aidan still pressed against her back. Slowly he stirred, sliding from her body and returning himself to his breeches. Standing over her looking down Aidan saw the first signs of bruising and the heat that flushed her skin, not all of it from pleasure. She was on the point of sleep, her face slack with exhaustion and for the first time Aidan felt affection. Maybe it was the marks, the evidence of what she endured for him, but something inside him softened. It wasn't her fault that he was a warlock; he'd known he was different, sensed the ability in himself long before she ever entered his life. 

Morgan had accepted him when he couldn't accept himself and he'd hated her for it. Her easy acceptance, her willingness to give much and take little, going so far as to share him with another woman when the time came, marked her as everything he resented. And he'd punished her for it, for being who and what she was. To him she was Wit'cha. 

Knowing what he'd done, remembering how he'd treated her, Aidan felt ashamed. Knowing there was nothing he could do to erase the past he made a promise to himself to at least try and make up for it. She was his donia, his responsibility and he would care for her. 

Carefully, Aidan gathered her in his arms, turned down the bed and tucked her in before turning to leave.

"Don't go." Morgana opened her eyes and stared at him. 

How had he missed their deep color, like emeralds catching the sun, framed in dark, long lashes. 

"You've never come to me like that before."

"I know, I'm sorry. There's no excuse for what I did." Aidan ran a hand through his hair, hair that was as black as midnight and framed a face almost too beautiful.

Morgana shook her head. "You don't understand, that's how it is suppose to be."

"I hurt you." This was just one of the things he hated about being a warlock. For thirty years he'd lived his life, never knowing what he was, until the day came when he learned the truth and lost everything.

"Yes, you did, but it was no worse then the pain I felt at having nothing but your distain." Morgana understood, better than Aidan knew. At thirty, a success lord in his own right, Aidan had been set to marry when he learned why he could not. No human female could take a warlock into her body without first sharing him with his donia. A donia had the ability to take his power, his essence, into her body and convert it into something safe, something he could then share with his wife. Only no human wife would understand or accept a man with supernatural powers, let alone share him with another woman. 

It wasn't the same as having a mistress, something more easily accepted among members of the ton. A donia required physical contact and constant closeness with her warlock and that was something no member of the ton would accept, never mind Spinning.

Upon learning of his heritage Aidan and been presented with Morgana. She was there to assist him, to teach him and to take him into her bed. It was just one of the reasons he'd resented her so. She was a constant reminder to him of what he was and what he'd lost. 

"Can I ask what brought this on tonight?" Morgana lay on her side, the thick duvet tucked under her arm and a pillow beneath her head.

Aidan went to sit beside her. Shaking his head, he said, "It doesn't matter, I was angry and took it out on you."

"No, you drew too much of the five elements and needed some place safe to release them. To me, why you did it will always matter but I don't always expect you to share. I'm here to advice you, to help you understand what it means to be a warlock and Wit'cha." Morgana sighed, how to make him understand? "This," a wave of her hand took in the bed and her body beneath the blankets, "is just part of what I am here for. We are bound to each other and will be until one of us leaves this world. It would be best, for both of us, if you learned to use me in any way possible. I was born and raised as a Wit'cha and I can help you to understand the nature of the world you are about to enter."

There was more to it than that. The donia were almost immortal, almost. They lived long lives and Morgana was more than twice Aidan's age, though she looked ten years younger. Morgana, already training as a donia, was selected to be Aidan's donia on the day of his birth by his father. From that moment on her training had been catered to meet Aidan's needs. A Marquee and a member of the House of Lords it was understood that he would need someone able to navigate between the human world and Wit'cha. To that end part of her training included attending a finishing school for girls; Morgana could serve tea with the best of them. But beyond that, she understood the politics of London, the tides of the ton, and the rules of the merchant class.

She was also strong in all five elements. A donia was a witch in her own right, one that gave up the freedom to Spin the elements in exchange for serving. It was seen as an honor, a privilege and one much sought after. One of the first requirements was that a woman could Spin all five elements; Earth, Air, Water, Fire and Spirit. Most witches and warlocks could Spin three of the five. A powerful witch or warlock had mastered all three while it was rare that someone could Spin four of the elements let alone all five. But it was never known until a warlock reached maturity, usually in his thirties, just which of the five he could Spin. A donia, chosen for a particular warlock early had to be able to accept all five to insure she could serve her him. 

Aidan, the strongest warlock in history, could Spin all five elements, something never seen before. His strength was suspected early on, his father having recognized the signs, but it wasn't until he turned thirty-two that the fifth and final element had manifested itself in his Spinning. 

Although his father had suspected, he would be surprised to learn that Aidan had actually started Spinning before his fifteenth birthday. Scared by what he could do and not understanding it Aidan never spoke of it and took great pains to hide it. The witch trials may have been history but man was still superstitious and Aidan had no desire to see the top of a pyre.

It had been a great surprise to learn that not only did his father know what Aidan was, he was a warlock himself. Lord Raven was as dark as his son, still handsome for his years but less powerful. Raised with the responsibility of Wit'cha, Raven had thought to protect Aidan, giving him the chance at a "normal" childhood before burdening him with what he was. It had been a mistake, one Aidan vowed not to repeat when he had children, if he had children.

"Will you stay?" Morgana asked, her voice throaty with sleep.

Aidan gave a small start in surprise, his mind had wandered and he'd almost forgotten Morgana was there. "Not tonight," it was a bit soon for him for that, "but will you breakfast with me in the morning?"

Morgana smiled, her eyes drifting closed. "I'd like that."

"Good." Aidan bent down and brushed a gentle kiss across her forehead. "Thank you."

Almost asleep, Morgana frowned, "For what?"

Aidan smiled, a little bit more of the resentment he'd felt for her melting away. "For being you."

"Hmmm..."

Aidan stood and stared down at her, she was beautiful, strikingly so. How could he have missed that? Black hair framed a face full of exotic features from slightly slanted eyes to a full mouth and angular cheekbones. Her body, buried beneath the covers in the cold winter night, was lush and at his disposal. With a shake of his head he realized that he'd always seen her beauty and it had been one more reason to hate her. He had known that once he came to care for her he'd never be able to accept another woman into his life. There were restrictions, laws and customs governing the way a warlock dealt with his donia and none of them allowed for marriage. It was quite a tangle he'd entered into, one he could see clearly but saw no way to avoid. Perhaps she could shed some light on how they were to best deal with each other as well as the wife he would one day take.

Tired, he turned to the door, a fine thread of Fire funneled into the hearth guaranteeing that the room would remain warm through the night, and was gone.