 I woke up to a beautiful woman fucking me.

"I am by no means criticizing you, please continue what you are doing, but who are you?

"Your wife, Megan."

"Again don't think of this as a complaint but I am not married."

She slowed and raised my hand and hers to me; we were wearing identical wedding bands.

"I don't remember asking anyone to marry me."

"You didn't. I asked you. It was our destiny. What is the last thing you remember?"

She draped her body over mine and gave me a soft kiss then licked my shoulder. I had been wounded where she licked me.

"The animal! I was camping in Mt. Rainier National Park and a wolf attacked me. Where am I?"

"Our house in Seattle."

"I live in Los Angeles."

"You did, we live here now. We both are rangers with the forest service. We have been here a week and married three weeks ago. We have had this conversation for over a month now. Your memory will come back eventually. I was so happy to see and smell you I bit too hard, sorry."

Jumbled images and memories assaulted my brain and I suddenly realized that the gorgeous woman with my hard cock in her pussy had been the wolf. "You are a werewolf."

"No. No such thing as a werewolf. I am and you are a Lycan." Well we are getting a bit further than we had before, you are not loosing your erection."

She was right and resumed our fuck and I was soon filling her pussy with my cum. She gave me a long, loving kiss.

"I love you. I am an Alpha female and I am allowed to choose my mate. I had put it off because I did not like my suitors. Mom told me that if I could not find a suitable mate I needed to create one. I had followed every male in the northwest woods for months. Mom was getting very anxious and I had given up when you walked right by me. You said, "Hi gorgeous'" to a she-wolf so I bit you."

"You knocked me down and I hit my head on a log. I thought I was dead."

"Again, sorry. We are not vicious creatures and only bite humans that we want to join us. Mom and Dad are very happy with my election. They love you too."

"Will I turn into a wolfman or a Lycan during full moons?"

She giggled and said, "No, don't be silly. We can become wolves when we want to and go back to human when we want to. We do not lose our intelligence and become brutes."

"So, why do we exist?"

"A good question for great-grandpa."

"He is alive?"

"You are confusing us with wild wolves. We are humans of a different kind, like Sasquatch."

"Sasquatch are human?"

"Yes, just like we are except they turn into giant teddy bears.

Your cock is still hard."

I rolled us over and began to make love to her. She wrapped her arms and legs around me and purred. We fucked for many minutes until I again shot my cum into her.

"Did I just make you pregnant?"

"No, you made me pregnant four weeks ago which is why we had a hurried wedding. You looked and sounded normal then but you slipped back into a coma two days later then again ten days later. You apparently had a brain injury and you are alive because you have the strengths of a human plus a wolf."

"Was I normal when we began our fuck today?"

"No you were in a coma. I have fucked you every day since we met and discovered that sometimes that would wake you up. You are now more alert since the third day after we met. Try standing up," she said.

I quickly learned it was a bad idea and had to sit down.

"Better, you did not throw up and you can sit up."

She brought a wheelchair to the side of the bed and helped me slide into it. She wheeled me around my home and I had to approve, it was spacious and solid. Our street was an ordinary street in the ex-burbs but our yard was the northern forest, no fences.   I felt better.

"So, tell me again why you chose me."

"Well, what it boils down to is I fell in love with you. You will soon learn that all of your senses have been amped up. You need to learn to trust your sense of smell first. I smelled me in you.

I locked the wheelchair and stood. I became a bit dizzy but that did not last long.

"I feel like running naked through the woods."

"That may be why you went into a coma in the first place. You have been ordered by our doctors not to run for six weeks. But we could walk around the house and yard."

"Help me down the stairs," I asked as I headed into the yard.

"I feel better, I love the smells. I love your smell. Should I be able to smell the baby?"

She hugged me hard and kissed me hard and my cock again got hard.

"Yes, you should. Can you smell the sex?"

"Female, we are going to have a daughter. Miranda would be a good name for her."

"That is a memory, we have already named her that. You are nearing the best condition you have been in for six weeks. Don't run."

"Can I fuck?"

Megan kissed me and got on all fours on the lawn. As my cock slid into her pussy she changed into a wolf. As I began to fuck her I began to change into a wolf but did not complete the process, something stopped me.

I continued the fuck until I could smell Megan's orgasm then sat on the lawn. The rear end of my body was wolf; the head end of my body was human.

"Hmm, baby, does this happen often?"

Her eyes stayed confused as she changed from wolf to wife.

"No, I have never seen it. Your cock is still mostly human and mostly hard. Fuck me again and lets see what happens. I will stay a human."

Sure enough as soon as I started the fuck I felt my knees on the ground. I stopped, rolled onto my back and maneuvered her over me. She sank her pussy over my cock and kissed me.

"We have to report this. How do you feel now?"

"Normal. Like before you bit me normal. I can't hear or smell the forest. I can not smell you."

Megan suddenly got up and turned into a wolf then began a sorrowful howl. Within a minute my yard was full of wolves that quickly turned into a yard full of naked people.

She explained what happened and an old woman approached us. All gave way to her.

"He has antibodies against us. Long ago a woman in his family was bitten but not deeply enough. She was probably family for a while but she likely died just a human. The antibodies in her body won and have been transferred through generations.

"What can we do?" Megan asked.

"Bite him. The antibodies are weak now. You may need to bite him more than once and he may never be able to take the form of a wolf but you would keep your husband."

Megan became a wolf and bit my upper thigh then immediately began to lick the wound. By the time I looked around only the old woman remained human all the others had turned to wolves and were running into the woods.

"Lets get him in bed, he may go back into a coma," the old woman said.

Except for the wound on my thigh I felt fine and walked to my bed on my own.

"Grandma, what else can I do?"

"Keep licking his wound, remember the magic is in our saliva. Has he eaten today?"

"No."

"I will fix us something. Lick his wound."

Megan became a wolf and licked the wound. She would also lick my dick and balls but that was just for entertainment purposes.

I could smell something delicious cooking and I could smell Megan. I could now smell that the old woman in the kitchen was indeed her grandmother. Megan licked harder.

"Here, eat this. Megan you eat too. I can take over the licking while you eat."

She had placed plates on each of the night tables with a stack of pork chops and a small salad of wildflowers. Megan returned to human shape and Grandma became a wolf.

I was enjoying the food when my cock began to rise. Grandma was licking it every five or six licks.

"Grandma!" Megan said.

Grandma wagged her tail and reduced the cock licks to just once in a while, every seven or eight licks.

I had apparently been starving, I ate everything and ate what Megan had not eaten and was still hungry.

"How long has it been since I ate a regular meal?"

"Three days. Want more?"

"Yes please."

"I will get it Grandma." Megan said and walked to the kitchen.

Grandma immediately began licking my cock until it was about to explode then she turned to human and sucked my cock until I filled her mouth. She returned to wolf form and continued to lick my cock until she sensed Megan returning then switched to the wound.

I am sure Megan could smell the sex since I could but said nothing. Grandma could tell she was busted and shyly wagged her tail.

I had finished my second helping of pork chops when Grandma surprised Megan by licking her pussy. She tried to get her off but the effort seemed half-hearted to me. Megan entered into a major orgasm and yelped. Grandma was suddenly human again and was kissing my wife's tits and lips.

"Sweetheart, he probably does not remember the lessons on pack behavior. Teach it again. I will forgo my right for now and go home. He is doing fine, he has returned to us."

"Then to me she said, "When you notice you can not smell Megan tell her immediately. She will likely already be biting you but tell her if she isn't. Do not try to become a wolf for a few months, it may be the trigger. A human tongue on my pussy is always welcome."

She kissed Megan and me, returned to wolf form and walked out to the yard.

I looked at Megan and she said, "OK, alpha females can have sex with each other and if they are widowed they can fuck all the alpha males. The right she decided to forgo was to fuck you."

"I like your Grandma."

Megan punched my barely recovered shoulder and stood to take the stuff back to the kitchen. I began to get up to help her but she growled at me so I stayed in bed.

I understood the power of werewolf saliva and all that but I though my real problem was with turning to a wolf.

That morning I sensed that I shouldn't and stopped the changing. I did not go into a coma because I did not become a wolf. I lost my enhanced senses because I almost did. Getting the senses back was an easy thing to fix. Coming back from a coma was not.

I had a vague memory of running in the forest as a wolf. My next memory was waking up from a coma. Today was the third or fourth such event.

I did know I loved Megan and I remembered she was in the kitchen naked. I was naked. I was fine. I walked to her as she was scrubbing a frying pan, bent at the waist. She started to order me back to bed but stopped when my cock slid into her pussy.

"I still have a fuzzy memory but I do remember that I am madly in love with you and that you like to fuck. I know I was your first and will be your only. You are the perfect companion, lover, and wife. I love you."

She turned and consumed me with a kiss then sat on the table and pulled my cock into her. We enjoyed a long, slow, loving fuck. We enjoyed long and intense orgasms.

We put on sneakers and went for a walk in the woods and emerged into her parent's back yard.

"Your big sister and her daughter, Cora and Zelda," I said.

Both were running to us and we got strong hugs and kisses.

I suddenly remembered Cora and I had fucked. She was a widow. Zelda was eighteen but we could not fuck. She was a virgin. The first fuck was always for their mate although a vague memory told me there were exceptions.

Megan's mother Kate ran out and hugged me. She was very fond of me and I remembered I was fond of her.

"He looks and smells better than ever," she said. "Mom told me you had to bite him again but he would likely remain with us this time.

"Yes I did and may need to bite him again but he enjoys that so it will be OK."

"She enjoys that, me, not so much," I said to their amusement.

I remembered that Megan's grandfather and Cora's husband had been killed in the same traffic accident that had incapacitated her father. I remembered we needed to go in to see him.

He was in his wheelchair paralyzed from the waist down. He was happy to see us and greeted me warmly. He was wearing his ranger uniform and was waiting for his ride to the station.

When the women went into the kitchen he asked, "Do you remember our conversation on the widows?"

"No but your mother in law made it somewhat clear."

"She would," he chuckled. "Anyway remember you also still have duties with Cora and your mother-in-law."

"Yes sir. I am their disposal after they get past Megan."

He laughed out loud and said, "I understand. She would not allow for the others to nurse you unless supervised by her. But she knows her duties and will allow them to share you even if not gladly."

"There was a knock on the door and a ranger came in, told me he was glad to see I was better and rolled my father in law to a van. I vaguely remembered I had seen that before. I saw that the van was cold but the car in the driveway was hot. The van belonged to the house.

I found the women in the kitchen eating cold chicken. I ate a thigh but was still full from my morning treats.

"How much do you remember? Do you know how old you are?" my mother in law Kate asked.

"Twenty two, " I said but immediately wondered if it was right.

"Good, how old is your wife?"

I looked at her and guessed, "Twenty two?"

Megan said, "I became twenty during your second coma. You owe me a birthday present."

"Do I have my car?"

"Yes, it is in our driveway," Kate said. "Driving it home would be a good test for you."

"We don't have any clothes."

"We have emergency t-shirts. Girls, go upstairs and see what you can find for him. He is bigger than any one in the family but you may find something of Dad's."

As soon as the girls went up the stairs Kate sucked my cock for three seconds then sat on my lap and slid it into her. I already had an erection. She kissed me then as she rubbed her tits on my face she said, "You may not remember but this is the third time your cock has been in my pussy. We fucked once. Megan probably knows but you and I have agreed to keep all of our fucks secret from her. Please find a better option soon."

One minute later she had an orgasm, kissed me hard, then stood, got out a spray can of something and sprayed the room. She then began to cook bacon.

Five minutes later the girls came down. Megan was wearing a Seattle Mariners t-shirt and was holding a formal shirt in her hand.

"Try this one,"

"Lets wait until I eat bacon, don't want to stain it."

"Good thinking. Mom, need any help?"

My cock was still mostly erect and I did not want Megan to see it.

I wondered what the spray was and if bacon's aroma overwhelmed our sense of smell. My cock was nice and flaccid when we began to eat. No one could smell sex.

It was time to go home and as Megan put the shirt on me she said, "Too small but there is nothing else. At least it covers your, umm, ass."

She changed what she was going to say in deference to Zelda but she immediately added, "And his dick too." Her mother and grandmother giggled and said, "Yeah, his dick too."

All hugged me and both Kate and Cora whispered their intentions to fuck me. Megan heard them of course and just groaned.

I drove my SUV home gently. The distance from our house to her mothers was a twenty-minute walk through the woods and a twenty-minute drive on the road. We lived on a horseshoe shaped road.

I asked, "How many people along the way are Lycans?"

"Nine, all were in our yard this morning. The neighborhood has forty houses, mostly business people from the city. With a couple of exceptions they are very private and mostly non-friendly people. If you asked any of them if we have wolves in the area their answer will be no."

"When are you going back to work?"

"As soon as you go an entire week without incident."

"So we have a week for fucking?"

"Yes, we do," she said with a giggle and a dick grope.

To me the main perk of being a Lycan was the ability to fuck as often as I wanted and ejaculate each time. There was little cum each time but my orgasm was always intense and long lasting.

Megan would have just one orgasm each time we fucked. Of course she could do that every time we fucked so it was not a problem. All I had to do was withdraw and start over. She seemed to prefer doggy style, (not surprisingly), but also loved to be on top. I loved her on top then followed by me on top.

The following week she turned into a wolf while I fucked her doggy style twice but I managed to suppress the urge to turn into a wolf myself.

I explained that doggy style was a distant third for me because I loved to feel our bodies in full contact. I also told her that when she became a wolf I had a difficult time staying human.

She had not realized I did and apologized. She began to cut back on getting on her hands and knees and concentrated on staying human when she was.

We likely fucked fifty times over those seven days and by the end of the period we knew what every inch of our bodies tasted like.

I finally was able to wear my uniform and I followed her to her Dad's and helped get him in the van. He was allowing me to work half a day shift for a few weeks while Megan went back to full time duty. 

Her principal duty was as rescue officer along with a guy named Norm. Norm was as big as a bear and had stared a moose into getting into the carrier once. Megan had the tranquilizer gun that would be used if Norm's tactics did not work. Both hated the tranquilizer because they could never predict the creature's reaction when the dart hit. Norm was human and he adored Megan but he preferred men.

I was the educational officer; I was going to be a biology teacher although my preference was to be a ranger but there was a long waiting line for a position. Megan had taken me to a short cut.

I talked to a bunch of Boy Scouts that morning then helped Megan with her paperwork until I was ordered home.

Two naked women were waiting for me. They took me to the second bedroom, got me naked and took turns fucking me for two hours. Cora left but my mother in law stayed, cooked supper for us, fucked me again, then after deodorizing the place she left.

Megan may not have smelled sex when she got home but she could smell that Cora and her mother had been there and that her favorite dinner was ready. It did not help that I was still nude.

I got a small smile from her as she became nude. I ate her pussy lovingly and fucked her lovingly. "I love you. You are my Alpha mate and I am your Alpha mate. Anything else is just duty. I will always be ready for you." I kissed her to confirm my words.

She sobbed and embraced me with all her considerable strength.

"Let's eat supper," she said and took my hand in hers.

It was a delectable lamb dinner and by the end of the day we were just husband and wife. We made love, then fucked, then made love and slept well. The next morning I picked up her father Sam and Megan drove on to work. 

There had been a report of an "ugly horse" blocking a small bridge. The bridge was on our way to work and we got there just as Norm was climbing up the side of a riverbank with a young moose on his shoulder. The ugly horse was its mother, a moose.

The youngster had somehow fallen into the river and his mother would not allow him out of her sight. The ends of the bridge took him from her field of vision so she franticly paced back and forth on the bridge. The calf was fine if somewhat confused. The Mom apparently knew Norm and allowed him to check it out as Megan talked to her in a small voice. She had calmed by the time both disappeared into the woods.

The small crowd applauded as a lady confessed she had never seen a moose before and thought it was a horse.

Sam and I continued on our way to work as Megan and Norm rushed to another site, a mountain lion had been reported.

Thirty minutes later Megan called to report they had it up a tree and that she would need to shoot it down but her rifle and darts were still in the gun cabinet. She needed me to bring them to her. I drove up to a party of sorts. I had to weave around people watching the spectacle. The big cat seemed to be calm but its tail was swishing through the air. It was very uncomfortable.
