 She leaned back from the kiss.

She figured hey, he was cute, and he was more than a little pliant about the kiss.

"Why?" He was a little shocked.

"I dunno. You seem decent."

She went to leave and he grasped her hand.

"Please don't just walk away."

She raised an eyebrow.

"Come with me."

She motioned, and led him away. He hurried after her, the end of summer was present in the air, the baking heat long gone. They go to her "apartment" a place hidden above the natural history museum the college kept, a corner of the second floor cordoned off, and She unlocked the door to it with her keys.

"You...live here?" He asked. Looking at the cases surrounding the doorway.

"Yeah. I made my own apartment. First week here, we had to choose hidden spaces to live on campus."

It was a small apartment, but plenty of natural light came in, since the museum had a glass 1920's greenhouse ceiling. The only window on the walls was a dormer that had a large curtain in front of it, but was set up as a reading nook with a cushy beanbag chair, and that faced the quad on campus.

There was a small kitchenette in the hallway leading into the actual bedroom and sitting area. The Kitchen to the left, with cabinets and a hotplate and a sink, and then the bathroom to the right, a shower and toilet.

The bed was in the far right corner all the way back in the room, a wall spanning bookshelf next to it along the entire back wall, the whole thing cluttered with glass jars and chemistry sets, books and collected items in baskets. There was a dark wooden desk with a slanted top at the foot of the bed, and it was covered in open binders and notes. She hung her bookbag off the back of the chair.

"You're a..."

"Student of Magic, yes."

She answered. She busied herself with removing her jewelry and hanging it on a twisted black wire tree next to a folding privacy screen, the left corner, where her shoes, clothing, various purses were all kept.

"Did you...do some spell on me?" He asked.

She laughed. "No, actually. I thought you looked cute the other day, and today I decided to kiss you. And you kissed me back. And so I invited you to my place."

She motioned to the small loveseat in the forward right corner, next to the desk. "Sit. I'll make some tea."

He visibly shuddered. "I'm not sure...what to make of this."

He adjusted his clothes, jeans, with a tshirt and plaid button down on top.

She started an electric kettle and dug out mugs, then took off her long black cardigan, revealing pale shoulders and twining white tattoos up her neck. Then shucked off her heavy boots, staying in her long grey socks.

She stayed in the layers of grey skirt and long black tank, and leggings.

"Make of it what you want, really. Perhaps this is just your first time knowing a predatory woman. I have noticed most around here are very encultured to playing the prey."

"What..." he stared as she stretched, sinuously, towards the sky, then came on light feet towards him, before he could react, she was on his lap, straddling him and wrapping a hand around his neck.

"Do you want me?" She asked, trilling her voice a little.

"Oh god yes." He said. And that was all she needed. She slid hands under his shirt and peeled of his upper layers, while unbuckling his pants, her hands not stopping, and coming back up to hold his head on either side and look in his eyes, before giving the lightest of kisses, and going to his neck, then chest. She pushed him to lean back on the loveseat. Her hands traced over his torso.

"I have a few specialties, you know." She stopped to say. "Most of my skill is manipulating body energies, minds, souls, healing, It's a very much edge of acceptable magic, as doing it against someone's will is very illegal. But...I also learned how to make it temporary. Would you like to test something with me?"

She traced a hand over his chest, noting the lack of muscle tone ,the layer of fat, the unwanted tufts of hair, his own failed attempts at a beard.

'Uhhh yes, of course, sure." He followed her gaze. She leaned back and picked up a sharpie from the coffee table.

"This will only last as long as the writing does, A day or so." She wrote out an incant on his chest, Marks for strength, endurance, kindness, compassion...other things.

"And now, to infuse it." She fished his cock out of his boxers, it was rock hard and ready for attention. She slipped off her leggings, and guided it in.

"Oh fuck." He reached out to her hips.

She smirked, and rode his cock. She whispered between thrusts, her hands on his chest, the writing glowed , moved, settled into him. She rode faster, played with his nipples, then pulled her own breasts from the front of the dress to play with hers. They moved to climax together, and she leaned forward and bit him hard on the neck as they both came.

They laid there, panting, on the couch for a minute afterwards.

"That was..." He searched for words. "I don't normally hook up like this..." he pleaded.

"Mmm of course, of course." she drew herself up, slipping her breasts back into the tank top, pulling herself off him. He became aware of how nude he was. But his body also felt different, truly alive, sensitive, alert, tapped into some unknown sense of focus he hadn't had before.

"Feels good, doesn't it?" she affirmed, grabbing her leggings and going to the restroom to change into a long black silk caftan with white embroidery.

She turned on a fan and cranked open a skylight.

He was still inspecting his own body.

"Uh...wow yeah." He flexed his arms, then his chest muscles, slightly more visible now.

"Huntresses's blessing." She explained. "Should be a temporary fun boost." she got the now boiling tea water and made two cups, then brought him one.

"Thank you." He said, still breathless. "For this and the tea..."

After a bit of silence while she wandered around her room, he said

"So this is just really weird for me. Met a witch, magic is real, have sex with witch."

"I mean I wouldn't brag about sex with the weird chick personally." She was fiddling around with several jars of and a large pipe.

"How many of there are you?"

"26 of us as students. 2 full covens, that I know of. We meet with a mentor once a week, study with other groups. This college was all magic at one point but regular school is more lucrative, and well, the benefits of both together means I can take advanced math to apply to energy calculations for my studies while also learning about human energies first hand, as long as I don't break the rules of magic.

"Why me though?"

"I dunno, I kiss who I like to speak to at parties and take notes on energies and you were cute and shared your weed so I figured I'd kiss you." She laughed "I didn't expect you to even remember me the next day, you were so faded that night."

She picked up a large mason jar from the shelf.

"Do you have a current plug?" She unscrewed it and took a whiff. "Like a whole 3rd of a greenhouse is currently dedicated to illicit shit. We have mushrooms too. The teacher for it says she believes laws are bullshit and don't apply to us, and we're to pursue the use of these things for healing and helping others."

The mason jar was a quart jar, full of large clumped buds. He hadn't even noticed when he walked in, but she had several jars of it, and among the witch paraphernalia was a glass pipe, a bubbler on one shelf, and more containers of concentrated resins.

His mouth gaped as she set the jar in front of him.

"I mean, a trade could also be worked out. I need willing guinea pigs for healing and body morph magic, and I can supply each of you with a sizeable payment. Do you know anyone with chronic illnesses that need fixing?"

He picked up the jar. His heart, well or perhaps his cock, roared with jealousy at the thought of her touching other men.

"Would you need to bang them all?"

She snorted.

"No I just thought you might be cute and fun to fuck. I have no interest in running campus gangbangs."

She paused a beat.

"Let's go again." She led him by the hand to her nest of a bed, with many pillows and a grey fluffy comforter. He helped her caftan off and slipped his jeans off onto the floor. To his surprise, his cock was harder and larger than it normally got, nearly 7 inches.

"Just as I thought," She was smug, tracing his cock with a finger. She pulled him towards her, hands on his ass. "Now fuck your goddess." He obeyed. Her small, round tits and soft stomach, and large hips were laid before him, and he slipped his cock into her and began to thrust, she wore an expression of predatory contentment. "Yeah that's it, fuck." She encouraged him and his cock, sliding into her waiting pussy. She wrapped her legs around him and licked his neck as he hunched over her and thrust deeply. 

"Yes fuck. Please your mistress." He picked up the pace, reaching to rub her swollen clit as he filled her pale cunt up. He watched her intently, listening to her breath quicken as she came closer, and closer.

She grabbed his neck pulled him into her.

"Fill my fucking cunt up." She demanded.

She came, hissing between teeth, and moaning, covered in sweat. His cock slide out of her, returning to it's flaccid, unerect size.

"So that's..."

"From the spell yeah." She was still breathing hard.

"Whenever I'm in the mood, you'll get an erection when I want you to fuck me, and keep it until I'm finished."

He'd never been so aroused by the prospect of a woman controlling his erections before.

"Could we...maybe...discuss making this an official arrangement?" 

She laid on the bed, still breathing deeply and covered in sweat.

She smiled "If you like it that much, it can be arranged. You won't get an erection unless I want you to, you know."

He bit his lip. "That actually sounds...great. And I get a weed plug, and have sex with a cute girl regularly? I'm having a hard time finding a downside to this."

She mused "I am a witch, though."

"The weed will likely change the minds of even the most devout dorm friend. Can I...try some? And maybe take some back to them to show proof of payment?"

She chuckled "Sure, stash jar and pipe, bedside table. I usually toke before bed or if my anxiety is bad."

"A witch with anxiety, huh?" He carefully loaded the small glass pipe, a clear one with tiny bats all over it, using the swing top jar she kept on a tray with a lighter and wire to clean the pipe with.

He held the flame over and took a pull, holding it in, then exhaling slowly.

"Oh yeah, this has no downside."

*****

Another Dream! It is somewhat embellished, but essentially what happened in full.