 "If he finds you outside of that Tower, I have no idea what he will do." 

Abigail opened her eyes and began walking again. This time, Thalia hurried along after her. The trip back to the tower felt much quicker than it should have. Only once did the girls need to duck into a room to avoid a group of Guards rushing by. Luckily, the Assistant seemed to still be disconnected from the Hive Mind. He was blissfully unaware of the turmoil in the Citadel, and was still happily deferring to His King Qutrax—who was still just Abigail. He still seemed unaware of Thalia's presence. Although the Assistant had been a great help to them, Thalia would not be sorry to see him go. His exuberant presence was at such odds with the tumult in her chest, it made her feel off-balance. 

When they reached the bottom of the tower stairs, the group split up. Abigail took the Assistant with her as a guide back to Thruk's quarters. Thalia was instructed to climb the stairs as quickly as possible and secure herself in the Tower at all costs. In a whisper, Abigail reminded her that both Assistants needed to be destroyed to erase evidence of their tampering. Abigail would take care of their guide. Thalia would need to dispose of the Assistant they had left behind in the tower.

She nodded, and only paused a second before beginning her ascent back to her prison. Thoughts whirled through her mind so quickly it was hard to grasp hold of a single one. Her chest tightened uncomfortably, partly from the steep climb and partly from anxiety. By the time Thalia reached the top of the spiraling staircase, she was out of breath and panting hard. 

To her surprise, the door was locked. Not knowing what else to do, she rapped her fist against the wooden door three times. She waited a split second, but nothing happened. 

"Let me in!" She yelled as best as she could, still winded, "Open the door!" She beat both fists against the wood. When the door suddenly swung inward, Thalia fell through the threshold into a pair of strong white arms. She screamed. 

A huge hand clamped down on her mouth. She was bundled in against the strong white chest of an Arktzirax Male. Her field of vision was taken up by that large expanse of white skin. Her captor pulled the door shut behind them as her pulled her into the room. 

"Don't scream again, alright?" A deep voice asked. It was familiar, but it wasn't Xieol. It wasn't her crazy, patricidal mate. That was all that mattered. Thalia nodded, and the Arktzirax released her. She stumbled backwards and realized two things very quickly.

One: the Assistant in the corner was now a pile of broken glass and splintered metal, and two: Guardsman Cruft was in her Tower.

"W-What do you want?" Thalia backed away from Cruft slowly. When her back hit the door, she snaked her arm behind her and felt for the handle. It did not budge.

"Princess," Cruft started, but he seemed to notice her flinch. "I'm sorry, I forgot what your name is,"

"Thalia," She responded. "Not that it matters. Your friend is going to kill me, isn't he? Or did he send you to do it?"

The thought that Xieol might think so little of her that he would not even kill her himself was surprising. She had not considered that he may have more important things to do than murder his bride and would probably pass it off to a lackey, or have the Assistants do it. Being called "Princess" had given her an over developed sense of worth. Hadn't Thruk warned her about getting a big head?

"Xieol is not my friend. We were...Well, let's just say a lot has changed very quickly." Cruft's voice was strained, but he seemed to be making an effort not to alarm her. His voice was almost soft, "I don't have time to explain. Would you please just sit down? The door isn't going to open and your fidgeting is making me nervous."

"Making you nervous?" Thalia countered, "You still haven't said whether you're here to kill me or not." 

Cruft's black lips peeled back from his teeth in a smile. Her discomfiture seemed to amuse him. 

"If I was here to kill you, you wouldn't still be alive." He took a step back and gestured to the large circular bed in the center of the room. "Just sit down. I need to talk to you. We don't have a lot of time."

There was no reason to trust him, but something about the earnest tone in his voice moved Thalia. There could not be much harm in hearing him out. Hopefully. She kept wary eyes on him as she walked around the bed and settled on the window seat. She sat perched on the edge, straight-backed and ready to spring up if he attacked. She had no delusion that she would win in a confrontation with Cruft, or any Arktzirax, but she was determined to go out with a fight.

"I don't suppose you can let me out of here?" She asked stiffly. She already knew the answer, but felt compelled to at least ask, "Or tell me how to get out?"

"No," Cruft responded, his lips pulled back in a sad smile, "I wouldn't have locked the door if I were going to let you out. I...feel for you. I have known Xieol for a long time. He has always been temperamental and recently he has been...changing."

Cruft took a deep breath before continuing, "He was not always like this, and I have been holding out hope that this change is temporary. I see now that my hope was in vain. He has changed in a deep, fundamental way and not for the better. You are going to have to bear the brunt of his temper. For that, I am very sorry."

"Then let me out."

"I cannot do that." Cruft's pity evaporated and he looked at her with a clinical eye, "My Prince is behaving madly, but that does not change the fact that the two of you are the best hope the Arktzirax have. I may feel for you, but I will not let my entire race face extinction due to my emotions. We are not all like him, you know. The Arktzirax are as diverse as the human race, or any other race for that matter. Xieol may not be a prime example in some ways, but he does not represent us as a whole. He may be flawed, but that does not mean our species is not worth saving."

The look in his eyes was pleading, but Thalia just stared back blankly. After a second of rethinking his words, heat rose in her cheeks. She stiffened further on the window seat. 

"What?" He noted the blush on her cheeks and cocked his head to one side.

"I don't have any idea how 'diverse' humans are." Thalia returned through her teeth, "I've only met around fifty girls my own age. I have never even seen a male of my own species."

"And I have never seen more than a painting of a female of mine," Cruft returned, but without any heat. 

"That is not my fault!" Thalia said, "What did I do to deserve this? What did humans do? I understand that you want to save your people, but what right do the Arktzirax have to destroy my race just to save themselves? Are you all really that blind? Do you really think you are so much better than me?"

It was his turn to look at her oddly.

"We are the advanced species." He said, "The offspring we are producing through our programs are better because of it. We are bettering the human race by mixing it into our bloodline. We are not destroying it."

"By enslaving us? By making us—mate—against our will? By locking us up in space ships, and towers, and drugging us to make us think we are happy about it?"

"I have never spoken with a human before," Cruft seemed confused. "Their mates do not allow it, and unmated females are kept away from us. I always assumed you were much like the Assistant droids. I did not imagine you could converse in this manner, but you seem...quite intelligent."

"I am of moderate intelligence for my kind," Thalia said with a grimace, thinking back to her days on the Quarantine Ship. "All I'm trying to say is that I am not a robot, and I am not a piece of meat. I may be a different species, but I am a person. I am every bit as good as you or your people—"

"You are nothing," Came a dark voice from the door. Xieol stood there, dark storms of grey, red and black whirling beneath his skin. Cruft visibly stiffened, but did not turn to face his Prince.

"You are less than an Assistant," Xieol continued, "less than cattle, and I am done waiting for you to accept that. You do not need to accept it. What you think does not matter." 

Thalia floundered for a response. Her rage, shock and fear created a thick cloud she couldn't seem to think through. Xieol was not waiting for a response. He had already turned to Cruft as if she had ceased to exist.

"Guardsman, report," The Prince barked at Cruft. 

"The Hive received conflicted reports regarding the movements of the King," Cruft had turned to face Xieol. He kept his eyes respectfully lowered as he continued, "Two assistants were taken off the Hive's radar an hour before the King's assassination. One is still missing, the other I tracked to this Tower. I arrived to find the Assistant malfunctioning and threatening the Princess. I acted in her defense by destroying it."

Xieol's black eyes swept over the room. They took in Cruft, standing near the bed, Thalia perched near the window and the dismembered body of the robot in the corner. When his eyes seemed to linger on her, Thalia lowered her own to the floor to avoid giving anything away. She did not know why Cruft was lying, but she was grateful that he was concealing her escape attempt. 

"Then you will be happy to know the other malfunctioning Assistant has been found," Xieol told Cruft, but kept his eyes on Thalia, "Its body was found in General Thruk's apartments. There was strong evidence of tampering. It is obvious that the General has been using the Assistants to spy on my father, and today used the same method to conceal his whereabouts while he assassinated the King."

Thalia let out a gasp. Her head snapped up so quickly her neck cracked. The only outward sign of surprise that Cruft showed was a slight tightening of his white shoulders. Xieol's eyes shifted to the guardsman and bored into his smooth white head.

"Thruk has been arrested, stripped of his rank and is awaiting execution," Xieol continued. It was clear he was waiting to see how Cruft would respond to the news. "His beheading will take place in the ceremonial chamber before my coronation at sunset. It will be clear to everyone present that the monarchy is stable, and free from potential threats. Attendance is mandatory. Those not on-planet will view a live broadcast or face a severe punishment."

"I congratulate Your Highness on locating the assassin," Cruft responded without emotion. He kept his head lowered and refused to look at the Prince. 

"I am not the only one to congratulate," Xieol returned. An evil glint had appeared in his eye. "With Thruk's execution, I have an immediate opening for a general. As a reward for your years of faithful service, as well as your recent protection of the Princess..." He paused to grin at Thalia wickedly.

"I am more than honored to promote you to Thruk's post, effective immediately." Only when he finished did both Cruft's and Thalia's heads snap up.

"What about Abigail?" Thalia asked.

"Immediately?" Cruft asked at the same time.

"Oh, you are awarded all of Thruk's belongings," Xieol continued with a wave of his hand. He seemed to derive extreme pleasure from ignoring the clear distress in the room. "Choose which to keep and which to discard as you want. If his used mate interests you, by all means take her with you."

"With me?" Cruft repeated. His voice had hardened. "With me where, Your Highness?"

"Oh, I have no intention of becoming just another King in a line of worthless Kings," Xieol returned, supremely proud of himself, "I will be crowned Emperor. I intend to send my generals to all edges of our realm and expand endlessly. Our conquest will be like nothing the universe has ever seen. Our power will know no limit. You will leave directly and, leading Thruk's former forces, make the first attack outside of our Empire. I have selected a weak planet. It will fall easily. It will be a statement to the rest of the universe of our intentions. All of the galaxies will cower before our might."

"And this planet," Cruft sounded like he had been punched in the stomach, "What am I to harvest from it?"

"You are going there to conquer it," Xieol's eyes narrowed and he stared down the newly appointed General Cruft, "Let the troops loot it if there is anything worth taking. Destroy the rest. Leave the inhabitants that will bow to my reign shuddering in fear. Kill those who would try to fight me. Your instructions are clear. Specifics have been uploaded onto your new spacecraft's computer. Gather what you need and leave immediately. You should be off-planet by the time of the coronation. Do not forget to watch."

"I think, Your Highness, that perhaps—" Cruft started, clearly shaken.

"I don't care what you think." Xieol cut him off. "And I don't want your opinion. I suggest you keep your mouth shut and follow orders. Unless you want to find yourself in Thruk's shoes. I will have obedience."

"Yes, Your Highness," Cruft responded.

"You are dismissed." Xieol snapped at him. The Prince then walked over to examine the dismantled Assistant closer. 

Cruft nodded and turned to exit. He came to a stop just before reaching the door. Thalia could just make out him fiddling with the white material that made up his pants. He glanced quickly over his shoulder at Xieol, who was still bent over the Assistant. Cruft's eyes flew back to Thalia and held her gaze intently as his hand came up. The light reflected off of a small silver object—a button, or some small metal coin. Cruft moved too fast for her to get a good look at the object.

Holding her gaze, he turned and flung the shining disk across the room. At first she thought he was throwing it at her, and ducked to one side. The disc flew right past her ear and through the window. There was a small burst of light, but no alarms or crackle of electricity. Unlike the Assistant that Xieol had thrown through the window, the small silver disc was not bounced back or burned. It simply reflected back the light as it passed through unharmed.

Thalia looked back at Cruft just in time to catch his meaningful look before he quickly exited the Tower. As the door closed behind him, Thalia glanced back to the window in astonishment. Cruft had obviously tried to tell her something, but she was not at all sure what that was. Could it be possible that he was trying to help her escape? Or maybe just get her electrocuted. 

"What was that?" Xieol asked. Thalia was not sure how much he had seen, but he was now glancing suspiciously between the window, Thalia and the door. He looked confused and displeased. 

"I don't know," Thalia answered honestly, at a loss. 

"You had better not," Xieol growled. He gave the remains of the Assistant a kick and approached the window. He stared down at her.

"You are about to witness something amazing, Princess," He spat her title like venom, "With Qutrax out of the way, I can finally make something out of this Kingdom. For a century, we have slaved away trying to prevent ourselves from going extinct. I am done scraping by trying to keep my species alive. I am done breeding human slaves. Now that I have you, I can produce a true Arktzirax heir."

He ran his hand across her scalp and down the back of her head, stroking her like a pet. Thalia bit her lip and fought her desire to pull away. At least he wasn't hurting her, yet.

"I will not go down in history for breeding, though," He continued, "No, I will create an Empire of the Arktzirax. We have tolerated the inferior races for too long. They have their uses as slaves, but allowing entire planets of them to exist? My father was a fool. They just get in the way of progress and expansion. I will rid this galaxy, and all those around it, of the vermin races. By the end of my life time, there will not be a non- Arktzirax left without a collar on it in this universe."

"Oh, things have changed for you, Princess," Xieol's hand balled into a fist in Thalia's hair and he jerked her head back. He smiled darkly down into her pale face. "I will be Emperor, and you will be my Empress. It's unavoidable. I can't change the fact that I need heirs. You will give them to me."

His grip on her hair loosened but Thalia held herself still despite the small amount of freedom. Scrambling away now would only draw his wrath.

"I am done hiding this process from the world." He continued. "From now on, every slave will know who their master is. Every puny, crawling creature will know what its purpose is. They will either bow down or they will be crushed. And they are going to have a beautiful example, thanks to you. They will either see you in your proper place, groveling at my feet, or they will see you tied to a birthing bed. Those are your choices, Princess, and that's not even the best part."

"Once I have my heirs, the humans will have overstayed their welcome," He ran his fingers through her long hair until they caught in a tangle near the end. He ripped his hand free, taking a several strands of hair with it, "You will be the last one I kill. You will watch and see your species annihilated like the pathetic creatures they are. What good are humans once I have true heirs? Science has assured me you will give me a female. I will make sure you provide an adequate number before eliminating you. But I will tell you this much..."

He climbed to his feet, but leaned down to look directly into her face. "I am going to enjoy your death the most."

"Why do you hate me so much?" She asked softly, despite every part of her screaming out in self-preservation. "What did the humans ever do to you?"

"Humans?" He asked, drawing himself up to his full height. "I don't hate them anymore than I hate spiders. We allow a certain number of them because they serve a purpose. Once that purpose is gone, we kill them because they disgust us. And as for you,"

Dark spots bubbled up under his skin.

"You have no idea what your presence has cost me," He glanced at the door angrily, "I have been forced to put plans into action that were not ready yet. I have alienated those I trust. You cost me my father."

"But you killed—" She started, but was cut off by a large white hand wrapping around her throat. Xieol lifted her off the ground, until their eyes were on same level. Thalia scratched at his wrist and struggled, but it was no use. He leaned in until their eyes were almost touching and spoke directly into her face.

"I do not know what Cruft has told you," His voice was more threatening than she had ever heard it. "But if I ever even suspect that you might utter such treasonous filth again, I will personally rip your tongue from your mouth."

With that, he released his grip on her throat and she fell to the floor gasping.

"Obviously you have enjoyed too much freedom up until this point." He continued as if she had never spoken, "I see no reason for you to leave this room again except for ceremonial purposes."

"I—," Thalia had pulled herself up onto her hands and knees, she panted, trying to catch her breath. Her neck screamed in pain. "I will never mate with you. I will never be any kind of em...empress. Kill me if that's what you want to do, but just do it and let it be over."

She braced herself for pain and hoped it would be quick. She wished she was brave enough to look up at him, but she could not bear to face his murderous rage. Cruft was right. Xieol had changed. He had gone completely insane.

Thalia started when Xieol let out a bark of laughter.

"Mate with you?" Xieol laughed again, but it was a dark, bitter sound. "No, no. That is completely unnecessary. After the ceremony tonight, my scientists will extract your eggs. They will fertilize them under close scrutiny and place them back in one at a time. My personal team of scientists have been working on this process in secret for years. It is disappointing that they have not yet been able to create a successful incubator to bring a baby to term, but there is always hope for a break through. Until then, your body will have to do. I will kill you, once I have what I need. For now, you will stay in this room under guard. I will send someone to prepare you for the coronation ceremony."
