  CH 3- the gift

475 years ago

Beatrice strained at her bonds. She had been stripped naked and was at the mercy of two evil women.

The infamous sorceress Cassandra stroked her body with erotic intent. At the same time her favorite disciple whipped her leaving red marks.

"Why are you doing this", she cried. "What I am to you?'

Cassandra slapped her, "Silence slut you are just part of my spell." Cassandra then put a tube in her pussy. "You will orgasm!"

"I have her marked as you ordered Mistress, " the dark haired servant said.

"Excellent Keria." The haughty blond strutted to the hooded man. She took off the hood.

Beatrice was shocked, "It was the Mage Bode."

"Ancient Powers, "Cassandra began. "Let this vanquished Mage's powers be transferred ." She held up a blue jewel. "And let this fresh source of unused power come to me!"

Beatrice felt terrible pain, but heard a voice inside her.

"Young one, I know you are terrified and confused. " Bode spoke to her in her mind ."But you a child of magic. My time is over and I freely give my powers to you. Be ready."

Bode shouted,, "I name my heir, Beatrice!"

"No!" Cassandra screamed.

Bode crumbled to dust.

Beatrice screamed as energy flowed wildly.

As she regained her senses, Beatrice saw that Cassandra had escaped but her servant was a mass of bones. She also knew Beatrice was dead.

****************

Ariel pushed Sam to the side.

"So Beatrice, we meet after all this time."

"Beatrice died that night, Bitch!" Ariel replied.

"Yes that old fool, gave you his powers thwarting me. " She shook her head. 'A waste on a slut."

"That was Kiera, "Ariel answered. "I pissed on her bones."

The evil blond smiled, with the Sapphire I can take your powers."

Ariel's hands glowed, "Not without a fight."

"Your power has grown, but it not be enough." Cassandra shot a black bolt which Ariel deflected.

"My turn," a gold bolt that was absorbed. Ariel was surprised.

Cassandra removed a diamond, The Absorption Stone. "That is how I defeated Bode little fool.." She threw another bolt rocking Ariel. "Surrender be my sex slave. Ariel."

"Never!"

"It is only a matter of time. And we mages have that in abundance."

"Ariel," Sam mind spoke to her." You need to release me. She is ignoring me., together we can stop her."

"Timing is key, "Ariel said. "I am going to weaken the shield as I release you.. She breathed. "Grab the Diamond."

Ariel let her shield crack to lure Cassandra in.

"You are weakening ,"Cassandra taunted. "My godhood begins.!"

"Now!"

Sam rushed the oblivious blond. Hitting her on the side of the head he ripped the Diamond from her. It burned his hand but he held on. "Use my toy."

Ariel magically attached the quick ties cuffs to Cassandra.

Cassandra glared at Sam, 'Mortal you dare interfere. I will flay you over a hot fire."

Sam looked at Ariel, " You did mention the flaying to me."

"Yes I did, "Ariel walked over to her foe, "Cassandra justice has been denied for several centuries."

The Sapphire began to glow.

Cassandra laughed manically, "I started the spell."

Sam looked at Ariel "Not good?"

"Yes foolish mortal. Ariel give me your powers one of us must lose her powers and life. If the power is not claimed it will destroy earth. And you can't add this much power without frying."

Ariel looked at Sam, "I am sorry but I have no choice." She held up the Ruby.

Cassandra eyes widened.

"Ancients, let my foe's powers transfer to a worthy vessel."

All 3 gems exploded as Sam lost consciousness.

***************

Sam woke up in his bed.

Ariel came in, "How are you feeling?"

"Morning," he replied. "What did you do?"

She looked at him, "Something you may hate me for."

"And that is."

"I gave you her powers."

Cabot was shocked, "Why."

"I had three choices, give Cassandra my powers which would make her all powerful and neither of us would have lived, I could take her powers and it would have fried me. Or give them to you. You were always a latent mage. Forgive me."

Sam pulled her down with him." Ariel I love you and this gives me a whole new life."

She kissed him," I prayed this would be your reaction, I have been alone for so long."

His eyes glowed and their clothes disappeared.

"Sam" Ariel giggled.

"I have to start my magic practice."

To be continued