 The beautiful woman uncrossed her legs and got up from the regal chair she was sitting in. With one hand, she continued to lovingly stroke the broad side of a sharp jeweled dagger that she held as she spoke to the scared young girl in front of her.

“Leeza,” she sighed as she shook her head gracefully, “we both now that you are bound to answer me. So, will Stephen be a problem to me?”

Leeza nodded her head sadly as she looked up from the floor. She was standing in front of Lady Madeline in the observatory room of her castle, despite the fact that she wished she was anywhere else but here. She watched Lady Madeline soak this information as anger filled the lovely woman’s cobalt blue eyes. Leeza could tell how angry the new castle ruler was by the way her grip on the dagger hilt tightened. Her long light blonde hair flowed behind her in waves as she began to pace back and forth in thought.

“So that brat will probably try to claim the throne one day,” she said bitterly as she continued to pace. Even in anger, she still displayed grace and proper breeding. Her curvy hips gently swayed back and forth as she walked with her long legs. Her right hand was placed on the side of her narrow waist. “Will he be my undoing?” she asked angrily.

Leeza bit her lip as she shook her head in affirmation. 

“How...will...he...do...it?” she hissed slowly as her eyes narrowed in fury.

Leeza wanted to lie or run away from the horrible woman, but she couldn’t. When the lady had first arrived to the castle as Lord Dunmore’s new bride, she had rescued her mother from some castle guards who were trying to be rough with her. As a result, her mother thought that the new lady of the castle was a good and kind angel, and in repayment, vowed that she and her blood would always serve her.

What her dear mother didn’t know was that Lady Madeline knew that Leeza’s mother was a witch and had staged the incident to harness her powers for her own. However, Lady Madeline didn’t know that her mother never knew how to access her powers. Unfortunately, her powers were just enough that she was able to bind herself and her bloodline to the will of the evil lady.

Lady Madeline was furious when she discovered she couldn’t use Leeza’s mother for her own gain. Then, she found out about Leeza. Leeza’s mother had an ‘accident’ the next day and the good hearted lady of the castle let the fifteen year old orphan live in the castle as her maid.

A tear slipped down Leeza’s cheek as she told the lady what she forsaw, “he’ll do it with the help...of one of your realm’s witches.”

Lady Madeline howled in anger as she momentarily forgot her breeding. She brought the tip of the dagger to Leeza’s throat before saying, “Are you that witch, Leeza?”

“No, Milady!” she stammered before running out of the room massaging her throat as Lady Madeline dismissed her.

“If that brat hadn’t run away, I wouldn’t have to worry about this mess,” she said to herself as she brought the tip of the dagger on her full bottom lip. She smiled beautifully as she remembered how she thrust the dagger into her new husband’s flesh. At that moment, she became the ruler of Dunmore castle and the surrounding lands. But if Stephen came back to reclaim the throne, she may have issues with the castle guard. Right now, they were fully loyal to her, thanks to her female wiles, but many might be swayed to Stephen due to damn loyalty to his father. 

Right now, she had her most trusted guards searching for the eight-year old brat with the instructions to make sure he would never be found. 

“Jacob!” she called to her loyal guard standing outside her door. He swiftly entered to her call. “Gather some of the remaining guards. I want you to go on a witch hunt,” she said fondly as a gorgeous smile was placed on her lovely face. “and make sure every last one of them is dead.” 

Lydia stirred in her sleep and awoke. She had a feeling that something terrible was going to happen. She looked over to her sleeping husband and then to her sleeping baby daughter. Looking at her daughter made her feel better and smile. Lydia wondered what her daughter’s power or powers would be, since the toddler had not yet displayed them. What ever they were, Lydia knew they would be great because both Lydia and her husband were both witches. Their union was unique since male witches were almost unheard of. 

“Lydia!” she turned to the door that just opened. Her mother stood in the hut’s opening looking frightened. Her husband immediately awoke.

“Witch hunters!” her mother hissed. “One of my friends told me that there are guards looking for witches! It won’t be long before someone points us out for gold,” she continued softly as she remained in the doorway.

Lydia and James both looked shocked. There was a time where witches had lived in fear of being murdered for their gifts. They had thought those days were long gone, especially under the kind rule of Lord Dunmore. Although not many witches existed, those of them that did lived an open life instead of hiding. The village folk understood that they followed rules to use their powers by and were not evil. Lydia had the power to levitate, which was hardly a violent power, and James had the power to heal wounds, which helped many survive unfortunate accidents, especially the blacksmith. Her mother’s gift was the ability to identify lies, which made her an important asset to the magistrate.

Humans and witches had learned to coexist, which is why the three couldn’t understand the sudden hunt.

“Hurry and pack!” she said before turning around to go to her own hut so she could pack.

The husband and wife pair packed all that they could in the two little cloth satchels that they owned. Lydia had just finished tying the satchel of things for her little Eva when she heard her husband make a strange sound. She turned around in time to see a guard pull his sword out of her husband’s mid section.

“No!” she screamed in grief, not caring as the guard brought his sword down again to cut off her cry.

Sedla froze as she heard her only child’s cry from the next hut over. She closed her eyes in agony as she heard the grief filled cry suddenly cut off. Her muscles didn’t seem to want to move as she imagined what had just happened. The only thing that got her running through the door was the cry of her only grandchild. 

She didn’t care if she was going to die in that hut with the rest of her family. At least she would go down with the people she loved.

As she ran into the hut, she found herself face to chest of a guard who looked like he was in the process of laughing. She turned and saw another guard with his arms raised, ready to bring down his sword. But...they weren’t moving. It was like they were stuck in that position. She also noticed a fly in the air that looked like it was frozen in mid-flight. Finally, she brought her attention to the crying one year old. Quickly, she grabbed the young child and the satchel next to her and ran out the door.

Eva finally showed an active power, and at the best possible moment, Sedla thought to herself as she fled through the village in the dawn’s light. If she could just get to the woods, then she would have a better chance of hiding.

Dawn turned into day and then to dusk, but Sedla kept on running, only resting when necessary for the young one. Finally, she came to a river where she saw a young couple. She sneaked up to them so she could hear their conversation. 

“It was so nice to see Magda again,” she heard the pretty woman say.

“Yeah, I can’t believe how big your nieces and nephews are getting,” her male companion chuckled.

“I know,” she said before suddenly looking sad. “I wish she could say the same thing about our children.”

He put an arm around her shoulders as he tenderly said, “You were made to be a mother. We’ll have one some day.”

“When?” she said in a near whisper. “We’ve been trying so hard for so long...almost three winters have passed since we were married.” He gently kissed her forehead in response and whispered something back that Sedla couldn’t hear. 

Sedla had heard enough that she knew what she needed to do. She removed her necklace and held it over Eva’s heart as she whispered ancient words that she had been passed down from mother to child before her.

“What was that?” Melody said as she heard a rustle behind them. She and Drake turned around to see an old woman with a baby in her arms.

“I think we can both help each other,” Sedla said with obvious pain in her eyes.

“Who are you?” Drake asked as he eyed the woman suspiciously while Melody stared longingly at the young child.

“A witch, just like this one here.” The couple stared in amazement. 

“We’re not from around here. We were just visiting my sister. She told me that with Lord Dunmore’s death...and what happened to your kind as a result,” Melody said sympathetically.

“Lord Dunmore has died? I guess that partly explains the sudden switch,” she replied, wondering what the new ruler had against witches.

“Do you need a place to hide? You can travel with us to our home in Lord Candon’s realm,” he offered gratiously.

“Thank you,” she said. “But they’ll keep on hunting me. I remember hearing stories from my mother about witch hunters and their tenacity. Now that witches have been living out in the open, it won’t be hard to get us all.”

“Then what could we do for you?” Melody asked as tears started to form in her eyes.

Sedla took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. She put down and gently pushed Eva towards the couple. Although confused, the little one started to walk in clumsy baby steps as her grandmother gently pushed her. Eva was tired and saw that a pretty lady was squatting with her arms wide open. 

When Eva was asleep in Melody’s loving arms, Sedla took out the necklace and extended it to Drake as she informed him, “I bound her powers so she won’t be exposed as a witch. Give this necklace back to her if it ever becomes safe for our kind. Her powers will be released.”

Sedla watched as the couple continued on their journey home. She made sure that she kept Eva’s baby blanket. As she hugged the blanket, tears began to flow as she thought about all those that she loved and lost that day. 

She knew what she had to do.

Lady Madeline moaned as her moved her hips in a fast paced rhythm. Her guard, Lyon, moaned in reply as her pussy muscles milked his thick cock as she straddled him on her large bed. He brought his thick hands up to her breasts and massaged the large globes. She arched her back and threw her head back as he pinched her large nipples roughly. She then bent forward and quickened her pace so that her clit was being rubbed furiously between their bodies.

The door opened just as she reached her loud climax. Lyon let out his load as he felt her pussy muscles convulse around his dick. 

“Hello, Geoff,” she greeted as the guard entered her chambers. She was still atop of Lyon, waiting for his cock to get hard again. 

“You said to inform you immediately when we found the last two witches,” he said as he felt his own dick grow hard at the sight in front of him.

“And you did?” she said seductively, beckoning him to come closer. He closed the door and walked up to the side of the bed. 

“We found the old lady’s body near some rocks in the river by the east. We believe she tried to cross it but wasn’t strong enough for the current. Although there’s no body, we’re positive the baby drowned as well since she was clenching the baby’s blanket,” he said as he stripped out of his pants as Lady Madeline instructed with a simple nod towards his pants.

His cock was thinner and longer than the one she had inside of her right now. Geoff knelt on the bed beside them and groaned as she took him inside of her mouth. Lyon became instantly harder watching her lick the staff eagerly before taking the entire organ into her mouth. Lyon began to buck underneath her so that he could get some desperately needed friction. Lady Madeline responded in kind by rotating her hips while still bobbing her mouth up and down on Geoff’s cock.

“I do love good news,” she said when she was finally done sucking. She leaned forward so that her large breasts were smashed between Lyon and herself. Knowing what she wanted, Geoff moved so he was behind her. He gently probed her anus with his favorite head. 

“Geoff, dear, you know I don’t want gentle,” she warned before getting what she wanted. In one quick thrust, Geoff rammed his entire length into her tight opening. She screamed in pain and pleasure as he pulled almost completely out before ramming in again hard. 

Lady Madeline orgasmed several times as she felt both holes being filled with large cocks. She loved being doubly filled and groaned as she bent up enough so that Geoff could pinch her hard nipples. After they had both squirted their load into her, she smiled as she rested between the two chests.

It was fun making sure the guard remained loyal.