  Witch vs. Thief- Second Round

Ariel, beautiful mage of several hundred years had spent the last two weeks in research. An encounter with a mortal had lead to a sexually satisfying but embarrassing encounter. For the first time since gaining her powers she had been defeated by a mortal. She could not let this stand and she wanted The Ruby of Choice for herself.. Using a glamour she had learned the secrets of his toys from a supplier and knew the Sapphire was located at a bookstore in England.

***********

Sam Cabot picked the lock at the antiquities bookstore in Chelsea. If he was correct the Sapphire of Transfer was in a dusty tome. The bookstore was different than the modern Barnes and Noble or the unlamented Borders; it had personality.

There, "The age of India at the start of Hinduism.. He slit open the back cover, but found a chocolate instead of a jewel.

"It is excellent chocolate, " A female voice said behind him.

  Cabot frowned he had not sensed Ariel, he shrugged and ate the chocolate. "Tasty." Not turning around. "Did you miss me my sexy toy."

  The witch laughed merrily, " I am glad you enjoyed yourself so much. But did you really think it was going to end there?"

  He was ready with his field neutralizer, "Nope." He spun and shot at her. Except nothing happened.

   Ariel grinned, " I was prepared this time. Puppet"

   Sam could not move.

   His captor walked over, "I am not going to hurt you. But this time you are going to serve my pleasure." Ariel grabbed his face and kissed him passionately.

   "Take off your clothes."

   Cabot was unable to resist." What have you done to me?"

    "The puppet spell? A compulsion spell that allows me to control your body. And you might address me as Mistress."

   "Yes Mistress Ariel, " he said through gritted teeth.

    "Not as fun being the toy, " she taunted lightly. "But now you are going to enjoy my centuries of sexual skill."

"Lets go" as they both vanished from the bookstore.

***************



     They arrived at his home. Ariel has lost her clothes during the teleport and despite his predicament, Cabot was enthralled.

     Reading his mind, she said, "I am known as the Enchantress for a reason."

 Despite himself he grinned.

     "Now," in a authorities tone. "On your knees."

     He was unable to resist.

     She grabbed his head, "Now my slave, lick my pussy."

     Sam resigned himself to enjoying this as much as he could, damn he was attracted to this sorceress bitch. His tongue went to work.

      "Not Bitch," Ariel corrected. "Mistress. And the attraction is mutual."

       Ariel cummed all over him.

      "That was a good start, now lay back. Don't let is be said I am not merciful." Ariel deep throated his cock.

      "Thank you Mistress."

       Ariel using long strokes and teased him but would not let his orgasm.

"Please Mistress", he begged.

  She raised her head, "Who is the conqueror now?"

  "You are Mistress Ariel"

  "Better, now Cum!" she ordered.

  "Now crawl to you bedroom," Ariel commanded. As Sam moved she lightly gave him erotic spanking.

  The sturdy wood framed bed would serve well. "On your back."

   "Yes Mistress Ariel."

   Telekinetically grabbing 4 red velvet cords she tied Cabot Spread eagle.

   Ariel sat on his chest and kissed him again with fire and passion. "Tell me truly, were your efforts in the museum worth all of this?"

   "Yes," he replied. 'Don't misunderstand, I hate the fact that you defeated me. But life is a risk and an adventure."

    "You know", as she stroked his cock. "I am taking the ruby from you."

    "I thought as much, but Mistress Ariel?"

     "Yes my pretty."

    "Shouldn't you be using me for sex?"

    Ariel Flipped over and released his arms. "Reverse Cowgirl , massage my breasts slave."

     She began humping and sighing in pleasure. This mortal had given her more pleasure than she had in centuries.

    "Give it to me!"

    "Mistress!"

     "Leapfrog."

     Cabot parted her ass cheeks without any prompting. he had resigned himself to being her toy for the duration. He thrusted in hard.

     "Ah! That's it. Give it to me."

     Cabot finally collapsed on top of her

***************

  Ariel had put back on her usual silks. She had left Sam naked.

  "The Ruby', holding out her hand.

     He shrugged and took it for a plant stand.

     "That wasn't so bad."

     "Are you intending to release me?

     Ariel kissed, "I am extremely tempted to keep you like this but I am a good witch. But one last thing. Freeze. Her fingernail grew. "One more torment." Her talons stimulated and tortured him. "Just to remember what happens when you cross a witch."

      Both sensed a disturbance.

      "Ariel?"

      The front door exploded. As a tall blond dressed in black entered the room.

      "Cassandra!" Ariel hissed.