 It all started in a dream, as most encounters with sex demons do. Well, at least the first encounter at any rate. Sensing the frustration of a human unable to find release for their desire, the demon enters the dream and gives the human a night of unbridled passion, unimaginable ecstasy. Upon entering the dream, the demon knows everything about the human's fantasies, everything they need to know to please the human. 

Upon entering this particular human's dream, the demon appeared in her true form, knowing the human would prefer it. She appeared to the dreamer in the same manner that she always did, enjoying the anticipation that built as the two of them slowly came into focus for each other. 

The human smiled when she could finally see the demon, she was beautiful. Tall, with nicely muscled arms and legs, a flat stomach and small, firm breasts. Her skin was flawless, colored a gold-dusted sage. Long, thick ocean blue hair hung freely past her hips. Golden almond shaped cats eyes roamed appreciatively over the dreamer's naked body and full lips parted in a smile, showing small, pointed white teeth. 

"I suppose I should thank you for coming here, it would be polite at least." 

"Here?" The demon asked, not expecting conversation. 

The human nodded, "Here as in my dream. What is your name, by the way?" 

"Janestra," She answered, her rich voice sounding cautious now. In her experience (which was rather vast) no human had ever known they were dreaming when she visited, "And your name?" 

"Janestra, hmm, I like that. Its exotic, very fitting. I'm Trysta." The human named 'Trysta' made a motion with her hand. From nowhere, from the very material of the dream itself, a chair appeared. It was made of cherry wood, with red and gold brocade cushions. She sat down in the chair she had just made and resumed her study of Janestra, "If you don't mind my asking, what are you?" 

"I'm a sex demon, a succubus," Janestra crossed her arms in front of her chest, "And what exactly are you?" 

"What do you mean?" Trysta asked. She didn't look confused, or as if she had been offended by the question. She just looked amused. 

Despite herself, Janestra found herself smiling back. The human's smile was so open and inviting, it seemed to inspire others to share in her merriment, even if that did seem a bit corny to Janestra, "What are you? I never met a human before who was aware during the dream that it was a dream. I've definitely never known one who knew how to manipulate the dream web as you do. Are you really human?" 

Trysta laughed, "Yes, I'm human, I'm a witch though. Could that be why I seem so different to you?" 

Being a rather young demon of only a few hundred years and born after the time when most witches had wisely chosen to go into hiding, Janestra knew only the stories older demons had told her. Though most in the stories were peaceful, any of them could be dangerous if angered. And she all too clearly remembered the stories of witches who could use their powers to bind demons and other beings into doing the witch's will. 

Trying not to betray her sudden unease, Janestra shrugged, "I have never worked with a witch before, but I've heard stories." 

"Yes, I would imagine you have heard many things," Trysta said, a brief look of sadness crossing her incredibly bright emerald eyes. She smiled again and it was gone, "Don't worry, I'm not going to use magic to coerce you into a life of slavery, I honestly wouldn't even know how if I wanted to. I have just never met a succubus before and I'm curious about you, that's all. Although, I imagine that you would like to, um, get to work?" 

She made another motion and a bed materialized. It was large, there was more than enough room for the two of them to move around and get into just about any position imaginable on it. It was covered with many different kinds of fabric, though all colored in shades of purple and black. Trysta stood and her chair vanished, melding back into the background. With another contagious smile, she held her hand out to Janestra, "Shall we?" 

Though still a bit uncertain about this dreamer, Janestra took the offered hand. Allowing herself to be guided by the human witch, she followed Trysta to the bed and laid down beside her. Pushing all thoughts of childhood storied about witches enslaving demons from her mind, Janestra ran her hands over Trysta's naked flesh. Physically they were quite different. The human was shorter; her body softer, the curves of her breasts, hips, and butt were much fuller. Janestra's hand paused its wandering to gently pull on a large, rosy nipple and smiled at the quiet moan it created. 

Leaning forward a little, Trysta captured the demon's mouth with her own, felt her full lips part and caressed her lover's tongue. Running her hands over the beautiful, other worldly, green-gold skin, Trysta cupped Janestra's breasts in her hands. She fondled them, kneaded them, then bent to suck on them, first one nipple and then the other until both nipples were hard and tender. Smiling to herself, she kissed down along Janestra's flat stomach, taking a few seconds to tongue her navel and enjoy the noise that was part gasp, part giggle before going down further to her pussy. 

Her pussy was hairless, not shaved but truly devoid of hair and when Trysta spread the lips she found that Janestra's pussy wasn't pink, but a brighter, more intense shade of green/gold. Slowly, Trysta ran her tongue from hole to clit, lightly flicking her tongue against the small bud, enjoying the strange new taste before she fully devoted her mouth to the demon's clit and used her fingers to further explore her pussy. 

Janestra lied back on the black satin pillows, watching the auburn head move as the human worked her pussy. She moaned, her back arching as her nails dug into the sheets. It was so rare for anyone to worry about pleasing her, she was determined to enjoy it while it lasted. Grinding her pussy against Trysta's face, down onto her fingers, she screamed out as she came again and again. 

Trysta licked up all the juice that had flowed out of Janestra and slid her body over hers to kiss her again. The demon pulled her close, forcing her tongue deep inside the human's mouth, pinching and squeezing one of her nipples while her other hand was busy rubbing Trysta's pussy. 

Janestra rolled them over so that Trysta was once again on her back then covered the witch's body with her own, feeling their breasts pressing together, Trysta's wet pussy rubbing against her leg. Slowly she slid herself down Trysta's body until her face was between her thighs. She stuck her tongue in Trysta's hole, licking deep inside. For hours Janestra licked and sucked, filling herself on Trysta's cum. She discovered that if she got a bit rough in just the right spot while she fingered Trysta she could get her to squirt cum right into her mouth. She enjoyed it so much, Janestra did it to her many times, each time drinking down the juice hungrily. 

Wanting some attention herself but unwilling to leave her tasty little treat, Janestra moved her body so that her pussy was over Trysta's face and ground it into her mouth. Trysta wrapped her arms around Janestra's thighs and tore into the demon's pussy with her mouth, while Janestra ate and fingered her with renewed passion. With what felt like an incredible explosion, the two came at once and Janestra had to force herself to roll off of Trysta before she collapsed and possibly hurt the human. 

Moving a bit more, she turned so that her head was resting on the pillow beside Trysta and allowed herself to be enveloped in the human's soft arms. Surprisingly, she found herself holding onto Trysta as well. A comfortable silence stretched on for a time, but Finally Janestra broke it, "You know you'll have to awaken soon." It wasn't a question, they both knew it was inevitable. 

Trysta sighed, "Yes, I suppose it will happen whether I like it or not. And soon too, from the feel of it." She kissed Janestra again, this time it was sweet instead rather than passionate. "Thank you very much for coming to me tonight. It was an experience I will never forget." 

"It was my pleasure," Janestra said, and, for the first time in a very long time, she realized she truly meant it. 

Trysta chuckled, hearing both the sincerity and the surprise, "Its time, I must awaken. If you ever want to see me again, I'm sure you know how to find me. If not, thank you again for this night." 

Janestra watched as Trysta faded out of sight. For a while, she stayed in the bed, trying to remember the last time she had felt so wonderful afterwards, but couldn't recall. Finally, she left the dream as well, travelling on to her next unfulfilled dreamer. 

Trysta awoke with a smile, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. She stripped her bed of its dampened cotton sheets and blanket and dropped them into the hamper on her way to the bathroom. She needed a shower, and a cigarette. Or maybe a cigarette first? No, shower first, she had to get ready for work and couldn't show up at the office smelling like sex.