 Sam Cabot, master thief, expert in arcane treasures and a jolly good fellow, prepared himself for tonight's adventure

Tall dark haired, he kept himself in excellent shape. Some of his talents were unknown especially his empathic and telepathic powers. He also had his bag of tricks

The ancient's Museum of 3rd Ave, closed early on Thursday. With budget cuts they also had to get rid of human security. And like many areas, the private sector was 2 steps ahead of the public.

After putting a looped image on the cameras; Sam approached the Babylonian Mosaic. Intricate designs hid the puzzle. For several moments he just stared intently.

Now or never, as he shifted a few pieces. After a long moments the panel opened and a jewel emerged. Again he waited. Nothing happened. Sam grabbed the jewel and shifted to his left..

A sharp stake shot out barley missing him.

Sam examined the ruby, without it's mystical powers it would be worth a fortune

He was about to leave when he found energy growing.

"Damn," he muttered.

A doorway opened in the middle of the room, a beautiful auburn haired woman materialized in the center of the room. Dressed in blue silk she took his breadth away.

She approached the mosaic and frowned.

"Well thief ," she addressed him. "Congratulations, now show yourself.."

Sam came out, "Ariel the Enchantress?"

"A scholar as well as a thief, " she held out her hand. "The Ruby of Choice."

"Arrogant and demanding," he replied. "I solved the puzzle."

"Yes you did, but I am taking it. I'd hate to mess up your handsome face."

"Not going to happen," as threw a disc.

She laughed and casually threw a energy bolt. Just as he expected. The foam exploded all over the witch. Ariel became disoriented and Sam took advantage. Diving straight into the foam he wrestled her to the ground. Taking his quick cuffs he bound her wrists neutralizing her powers

Ariel was furious both at herself and at the man who had captured her. Furious that she had underestimated the mortal and angry that he would dare. "Let me go!"

Cabot laughed, and stroked her hair, "Now I wouldn't want to hurt your pretty face."

"You don't know the power of the jewel and you don't want to make me mad!"

Sam stood up, "Be a good loser, my dear. I wonder what you are worth?"

"To certain people a great deal,' she snarled. "But they would flay you alive."

"True enough," he stood up and began to leave.

"Wait, release me. I promise I will let you leave with the jewel."

"Now why should I take that risk?"

She looked at him sinuously, "How about me?"

"You?"

"Stop playing , I know you are an empath. You want to have sex with me."

"Fine as an empath, I know you want me to fuck you."

"As pissed off as I am yes!" She lowered her eyes. "I will give myself freely to you as a sex toy. At the end of your fun; you release me no hard feelings."

He smiled, "I've never been with a witch before. He reached into his belt and put a band over her head."

"What this?"

He flicked a switch, "A magic nullifier. He released her wrists. "Now! With a tone of command. "Let me see that beautiful body as nature intended. "

As Ariel stripped, she said ."And you?"

""Of course,"" as they both appreciated the other's naked body.

Sam gently stroked the witch's breasts, "Beautiful creature."

"Let me show you centuries of sexual knowledge. ."

He pressed his finger to her lips, "Not yet. Remember you serve my pleasure leading to her another chamber.

"A dungeon?"

"Don't be afraid, he assured her. "I intend to dominate you but no hard pain as her tied her to the rack. Surveying his prisoner he bean teasing her with his tongue.

Ariel sighed in pleasure.

Taking out a blindfold he covered her eyes.

She heard a humming. Then felt a vibrator touch her clit.

"Oh."

"Yes, I am going to be your Master tonight Ariel. You will remember your conqueror."

"Please let me cum."

He kissed while the toy did his work. 'Later my slave."

Ariel felt her body shuddering. She had never played with technology during her sexual pursuits. But this man was introducing to all new dimension. She finally exploded.

As she was released, "I hate you."

"Less talk, 'he gestured and his erect member. "Get to work."

Ariel decided to enjoy her servitude, she took him in her mouth and began sucking hard using her fingers on his heavy balls.

"Yes!" he cried.

He was potent, she thought enjoying the taste as he exploded..

"Please take me," she begged.

"My pleasure," he forced her to the floor and spread her legs. With surprising gentleness he penetrated her as she contracted her muscles to trap him.

"You are mine now, " she told him.

"No!" as he trusted. "You are mine.

Passionately they went at it neither giving a inch. The orgasms rocked them both.

As they laid on the floor, Ariel mused, "I can take this type of punishment more often.

"One last thing before your sentence is completed he told her.," as he lifted her up.

"What now Master," she said playfully.

"Witches used to be put in stocks."

She laughed, "You are not serious." Her eyes widened. "You are a depraved mortal." She put her arms and head in and he closed the cover.

Sam pinched her nose, "This is just making it clear, who beat you." The thief went around to her back and spread her cheeks.

"Damn you!" Ariel Squealed.

"As he entered her anally, "I told you, You are mine!" After penetration he just relaxed letting her know he was in control

"Come on?!"

"What was that?"

"Master."

"Better," as he began pumping.

****************

Sam was fully dressed and was about take his leave.

"What about this? "Ariel asked about the head band.

"It will go off in two minutes. " He kissed her, "I enjoyed our time."

Two minutes later the sensor went off. Ariel ripped it off and blasted the device.

She than smiled, "So did I ," to the empty room. "But I am going to enjoy you going after the sapphire', as she disappeared.

To be continued...