 All persons 18+. This chapter introduces a story line that will eventually focus on supernatural female characters and futanari (dickgirls). Mention of any particular social media platforms is not an endorsement to use them, and not sponsored. This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to real persons is purely incidental.

*****

One day after we went out for a jog together, my friend Irina asked me if we could do something girly, just the two of us. When I asked what, she said "Take some crazy selfies and post them on Instagram."

"I don't have much of a following," I said. Part of me thought it was just the kind of wild idea that might be fun and even help us to bond a little. Also, it might help me to discover why she was such a fanatic for social media fame.

"Come on, it'll be great, she said.

"I'm game." 

Irina had become my best friend in the past two months. We always talked and hung out. I had not known her in high school (she still a sophomore when I graduated) but she had really kicked some ass during her senior year. She had been a cheerleader and homecoming queen. She didn't have a job like me, but I suspected she was using Instagram to somehow turn her looks into a little extra money. A lot of girls who try this end up getting burned so I really wouldn't recommend it; the fact that she seemed to be pulling it off was all the more reason that I thought she had her act together.

She had a tiny one room apartment, but it was not bad considering she had just graduated high school six months before. She kept it stunningly tidy and decorated with mirrors and Christmas lights. Before I could offer a word of praise over her interior decorating, she started pulling clothes out of her drawer.

"Let's do a slutty sleepover theme," she grinned as she lent me a fitted t-shirt and some hip-hugging hot pants. They were so skimpy and tight, and I usually don't wear a size 0 but the light cotton fabric stretched like a cheap pair of panties, so I gave them a try. They hugged my every curve even when I wedged them into my ass crack.

"Wow, like a second skin," she said admiringly.

"Is this really necessary?" I whined.

"Skin is paramount, and skin tight is very important when it comes to the areas you cover up. You're trying to get followers, right?" It was hard to argue with her logic when she stripped down to a black bra and panties.

Then came hairstyling time. She put my long brown hair in huge curlers. While the curlers were doing their work, I helped tease out some volume from Irina's wavy blonde hair. We giggled and chatted like we were back in high school. She then did my long brown hair up in a bouncy spiral ponytail.

"Wow, you're a knockout!" she said.

"We both are!"

"Time to take a few selfies," Irina said, grinning as she reached for her cell phone. We posed for the cellphone's front facing camera. When she pouted her lips, I imitated the expression. She captured the shot, and then another and another, each time holding the camera higher to get a different angle.

"We look ravishing," she said, and I had to agree.

She giggled and turned to me and leaned in for a kiss. Abashedly, I turned away and let her kiss my cheek. She still snapped the shot.

"Oh, I think this one is the best one!" she said. "My sexy friend is still so shy!" The way she said it was an obvious come-on.

"Uh, Irina, I think that's enough kissing," I said. I was flattered by her advances, but I knew I had to nip them in the bud so that we could at least be friends.

"Why not? It's just us girls," she giggled spiritedly. "Which one of these should we post online?"

If that was how the girl dealt with rejection, I wanted some of her effervescence. Just basking in her presence had lifted my spirits. I shrugged cheerfully and selected the hottest picture of us puckering up for the camera. It was the highest angle, and caught our breasts, her ass, and my legs all in the frame.

"How many followers do you have now?" I asked.

"Girl, I have reached 10k and I'm not even slowing down. I must be adding hundreds a day. Now, I'm just gonna tell folks to give you a follow and watch, you're gonna get at least a few dozen tonight. Wait, let me take a look at your profile." She swiped her phone and quickly said "Shit! Girlfriend, this crap has gotta go. What is this, FoodTV?"

"My mom and dad follow this feed, and a bunch of my friends."

"Look, you have to have a good ratio of skin shots to everything else. What is that, a tofu burger?"

"But.."

"Wipe the slate clean! Make a new account."

"But!"

"Just do it."

"Okay." I began fiddling with my phone.

"You should give yourself a cheeky name."

"If that's your expert advice, PussiesOnParade," I jibed, referring to her Instagram alias.

Irina headed to the kitchen and came right back with a couple of wine coolers. She crouched in front of her TV and put on a horror movie. I settled down to watch, semi-distracted as I created my new account, then linked it to my phone. We left the movie running as we took a few more selfies and changed outfits once or twice. Irina said I needed at least twelve pics in my profile just to make our twofer selfie worthwhile, and that I better keep adding new pictures daily.

We were getting past the half way point in the movie, and one of the nicer girls in the flick was getting murdered. She had fallen on a spike and been impaled, but she was still screaming and trying to get up. The bad guy was coming to finish her off with his felling axe. It was a little tough to watch.

"Say Jeanie, would you mind doing me a favor?"

"What is it?"

"Take a few pictures of me for my ConnectPal account?"

"Why don't you just post the same pictures we took tonight on your SnapChat?" I asked.

"I could certainly do that, but ConnectPal is a paywall service. I use it for more explicit stuff. They let me set a price for subscribers to pay a monthly fee, and they don't restrict nudity. They're paying customers, most of whom found out about me on Instagram, so I gotta give them more than what they've already seen on Instagram for free."

"ConnectPal allows that?"

"Sure, I gotta tell them it's adult content. Subscribers have to acknowledge this and they have to say they are over eighteen years old."

"Are you making good money with it?"

"Well, it could be more. I gotta add content. Please? It'll only take ten minutes."

I thought about it for a moment, then nodded and said "Alright, I'm game."

"Really? Oh Jeanie, you're the best! Let me just get changed."

While she was gone, I watched the movie and tried not to think too hard about what we were up to. Five minutes later, she came out in a one piece sling that looked like it was held together with floss.

"Jesus fucking Christ!" I said. I knew I was going to see some skin, but I was surprised at the sight.

"That's the reaction I'm going for. Snap a few pictures for me? And remember, I'd do the same for you."

"Bet you would," I said snidely, causing Irina to giggle. The one-way sexual attraction was kind of a joke to us, now that it was out in the open. I hoped she had other prospects and I felt she wasn't going to feel hurt by my rejection.

Irina was in great shape, no need to hide any cellulite or pimples. She even had a couple of lamps on stands that I could move around, which made lighting decent, although I'm sure a professional could have done better. Also, her little apartment was immaculate, there were no heaps of clutter to shoot around. I began to wonder who else might have taken pictures of Irina there on her bed.

After about a dozen snaps, I took two short video clips. The first was with her kneeling on her bed, playing with her bikini straps and showing off her titties and her pale strawberry nipples. It was easy to envy her rack, she had teardrop-shaped C-cups that seemed even larger on her petite frame. After the video she insisted they were natural, and offered to let me fondle them. I went ahead and gave them a squeeze and she politely stifled her moan, but I could see her nipples harden like plump raisins after I let go. I must have turned bright pink myself.

"Behave," I admonished.

"You first," she smiled sweetly, fluttering her long black eyelashes at me innocently.

The second video she got down on all fours and wiggled her ass for the camera, moaning and asking to be taken rough and hard. It wasn't a turn on for me, it was more awkward than anything. Irina, however, was getting extremely turned on. Her knees started knocking and her pussy juices were running down her thighs.

"Okay Jeanie, I know you're not gay or anything but do you mind filming just one more clip?"

She reached into her night stand and pulled out a rather lifelike rubber dildo.

"Uh, okay," I mumbled. Witnessing whatever she was about to do would be the most awkward moment of this rather challenging evening, but I decided not to chicken out. She got on her knees in front of the bed and turned her body so that I was on her right.

"Just keep the camera pointed at the action," she said. "Side view when I'm down here, after that I'll move up there, just use whatever angle works best."

"Rolling in 3, 2, 1," I said before pressing the rec button.

She took the dildo in her mouth, opening wide and sticking out her tongue as she pushed it in deep. She popped it out of her lips and it glistened with saliva. She took it in again, this time to the back of her throat. She pulled it out, a string of gooey spit trailing to her lower lip and another string of saliva hanging from her chin.

"One more time," she said before opening wide and taking the dildo in even deeper. She moved her lips as if to help it forward as she plunged every last inch of the massive dong down her throat. She held it there for ten or fifteen seconds, then grabbed the very end of it and pulled it out all the way, sucking on it hard enough to hollow out her cheeks. She pushed it back in, and this time I caught the way it made her throat bulge out as it invaded her esophagus.

"Oh wow," I murmured, knowing my awed voice would make its way into the audio. She heard me and flashed me a quick smile, or what passed for a smile when one's mouth is stuffed with a huge rubber cock.

She then looked into the lens with her eyes rounded wide and slowly withdrew the dildo, then kissed the tip. She stared at the rubber phallus with lust, and jumped onto her bed. She started frigging herself furiously with one hand, while the other guided the dildo into her wet gash. Ten seconds later, she started moaning and cumming and literally squirting girl juice all over the hardwood floor. She took several breaths to collect herself, then looked into the camera lens.

"Thank you for watching, everyone! Bye bye!" she panted. She did the knife to the throat gesture with her hand, and I stopped recording.

"Wow!" I said, still feeling awkward witnessing that intimate display. "I could never deep throat anything that big, or cum so fast. Not only did you cum fast, but you squirted, it was totally amazing!"

"Thanks," she said. "Scuse me, I'll get dressed and be back."

She came back wearing yoga pants and a loose T-shirt, and carrying a towel which she used to mop up her puddle.

"Jeanie, thank you so much for helping me with this."

"No, thank you," I said. "We've become good friends and I guess I just have to wonder if you have other friends that would do this with you. I see you've already got the lighting so I guess you've been doing this for a while."

"Not that long a while, but yeah, I do have some friends that help me shoot sometimes. I try to put something out every day and well, it's difficult to have someone take pictures every day. Friends who would do this for me all have lives, I hate to keep having to ask them for a favor."

"Really? I bet there are tons of photographers who would love to shoot you doing this."

"Yeah, maybe, but they don't work for free."

"Are you making enough to pay them?"

"Heh! Sure, but that would mean less to pay the bills."

"Do you make enough to pay the bills?"

"Sure," she snorted.

We noticed the movie had started rolling credits, and I felt the time of my departure was drawing near.

"Well that's pretty impressive. What gives you an edge in this business? Is this something you think I could do?"

"What do you mean?"

"Like, is it because you're bisexual and you get that girl-girl action on camera?"

"Oh no, I wouldn't say that's it, but you're close."

"So what gives you the edge? How do you pull it off while other girls don't?"

"Well my dear, it's a trade secret."

"I thought you were bringing me in on your trade. When do I get to learn trade secrets?"

"When I can trust you."

I don't know why, but that hurt, and it was written all over my face.

"Oh Jeanie I didn't mean it like that. It's just, if I told you then it will change so much. I'm wanting to tell you, I'm dying to tell you, because I think you're a very special girl. I keep telling my friends that I need to introduce them to you."

"Don't worry about that," I said, her words having ameliorated my hurt feelings somewhat. "You can tell me your trade secret. I won't use it against you. It's not like I was planning on entering the sex industry anyway."

Irina smiled back at me and shook her head. "You are curious, aren't you? Well, I can't tell you my secrets unless my friends approve of telling you. I had them follow you on Instagram. Based on what they see and so on, I'm trying to get you on board."

"With other porn stars? Is that who they are? Oh jeez Irina, why didn't you tell me?"

"Trust me, it's not what you think. Besides what's wrong with a few girls ogling your glamour shots?"

"I never said I was thinking about doing porn, that's what!"

"You did this much already just for kicks. But this is not about you doing porn or anything at all. That's not the secret. Me, I'd like to be famous. You can just use Insta for an ego boost or whatever. Or you could do product endorsements, for example"

"No way, no one cares what I think."

"They will! You're gorgeous, and your body is really amazing. You have a great booty and a great face--"

"I'd need some great big fake boobs too, no thanks."

"Jeanie! Stop being so negative for a second will ya? Think about it, you can do whatever you want. I'll be able to help you, or we could help each other. Or would you rather stay in that job you hate?"

She was right about that, I really hated my job, and my boss.

"Just see what happens on Instagram. Your popularity there won't hurt. Heck, you'll probably be getting marriage proposals from day one. Just wait and see, your star is rising." 

*******

The next day, I had plenty of new followers. I was fascinated by the variety and by just how many appeared to be girls. It must have taken me a good hour to comb through all the profiles just of the people who left comments. When I was finally able to put the phone down I made myself a boiled egg and some sliced celery. I was tempted to snap a shot of my healthy meal for IG but decided to follow Irina's advice. As I ate my breakfast, I got a text from the blonde devil in disguise.

"Hey gorgeous, it's a nice day out. Let's do our run on the beach."

We took a couple of selfies before we got started. and immediately posted them. Then we ran along the shore. It was grueling to run on packed wet sand, the wind pelted us with spray from the breaking waves, and we also had to follow a narrow path between dry sand and the lapping of the ocean waves.

During the run, I told her that my new account was lots of fun, and I had garnered a hundred followers.

"That's really impressive!" she panted. "Any photographers?"

"A few, actually."

"See? What did I tell you? This thing is going to open doors for you babe. You're going to be famous!"

I wasn't sure I wanted to be famous but I was too out of breath to argue. We finished our run with a sprint back to the boardwalk. It was a spontaneous thing, and we raced like idiots. When we got to the boardwalk, we realized we had kicked sand onto our backs, our sweaty midriffs and thighs. Yes, in west Florida we can still break a sweat on the beach in December on some days.

Now that we had gotten ourselves covered in sand, we strolled over to the showers. Needless to say, they only ran cold water. Did I mention that it was December? We rinsed ourselves off and were instantly freezing our asses off. We wrapped ourselves in our towels and headed to our cars. It was time to split up.

"Hey," Irina said. "There's something I wanna tell you."

"Sure, what's up?"

"Maybe it can wait," she shrugged, and I saw her jaw chatter.

"You s-sure?" I shivered as well. "Go ahead and tell me what's on your mind. please."

"Can you keep a secret? Like, even from your parents and stuff?"

"Sure Irina, I trust you completely." We were really bonding and after the night before, I didn't want to say anything that might upset the trust she had placed in me.

"Well, do you believe in the supernatural?" she asked.

"No, why?"

"Just checking."

"Wait just a second, you can't just--"

"I don't want you to think I'm a dummy. Let's just talk about it some other time. It's s-s-so c-cold all of a sudden!"

I agreed, my nipples were turning as hard as diamonds. Still, it was a funny way to abort a conversation. What did she think she knew about the "supernatural" that she needed to share with me secretly? I hoped she wasn't in some new-age cult that made you go vegan and lesbian. I felt like I was over Brian, and with all the new attention I was receiving I was once again yearning for a new love in my life.

She hopped into her Mini Cooper and I got into my Toyota. After waving to her, we headed back along the coast and then went our separate ways.

As I drove my thoughts returned to my ex-boyfriend. Brian had been five years older than me but we both thought we made a fine pair, at least at first. He had been better than mediocre in bed, and generous with his military pay. We dated for six months before he introduced me to his mom via Skype. I thought the relationship was going somewhere, we both knew he had been thinking about proposing, but I think he sensed my lack of commitment. (I was only nineteen at the time!). Six months later, things had gone downhill. He had become obsessed with sex and variations, and wanted to try things that I wasn't in to like threesomes and anal. My butt, not his. It really bothered me that these things mattered so much to him, and I'll admit that I let it show in my demeanor towards him. He never got mean and nasty, he just sort of complained about not seeing what was in it for him. He hinted at regretting all the gifts he had bought me, the money he was spending to help me with rent, and so on. Then he broke it off rather suddenly. Oh well, I thought. It wasn't meant to be.

When I got home, I took a nice hot shower. I was feeling good, partly because a few of the guys who were drooling over me on IG were not too shabby and after perusing their accounts I was convinced that they were genuine. I had started talking to a few of them, but couldn't when I was driving or showering. While I was in the shower, I started to think about any one of them coming over to my little place. I'd play with his boner in the shower, run my hands over his pecs and abs while I jacked him off. Then I'd bring him back to my bed for a nice long back rub.

I immediately went to my phone after drying myself off to check my Instagram messages. I didn't even bother to get dressed. Then I saw that I had a text from Irina.

"I'm giving you access behind my paywall." She provided a username and password to a website. I had never heard of it but I set it up on my laptop.

Once I logged in, I found that I had access to Irina's account and a handful of others. I decided to just check Irina's first. There was an introductory video at the top of the menu. It displayed Irina talking to the camera in what looked like an enclosed backyard, during a hot summer day.
