 Bob and May's marriage was not a success. It wasn't that they weren't madly in love with each other - they were - but whenever Bob so much as tried to touch May she'd shy away, make an excuse, pretend to a headache... anything not to have any physical contact. Before their marriage he'd thought she had romantic ideas about their first time. Afterwards she told him; now he knew. Once, when she was very young, she'd witnessed the neighbour's daughter being raped brutally by a so-called friend, and she was mortally afraid. It made Bob immensely sad. May was very beautiful indeed, extremely good company, but impossible to touch, and after six months he'd decoded to have his own bedroom to flee from his daily frustration a little.

At his place of work there was a woman called Joan, who had unusually light, pale green eyes, ands often seemed to know things she couldn't possibly know. Once she'd told her boss he'd better go home, and he went to find his wife about to hang herself. He didn't like Joan any the better for having sent him. Most of the others didn't like her either. Bob did, though. He recognised a kind, intelligent and pleasant co-worker in her. 

It was a week after he'd started having his bed in the spare room when Joan said, "You know, Bob, sleeping apart isn't going to change things and it isn't going to take away your frustration either. But if you trust me, I can help you. That is, if you want me to."

Bob swallowed. "You really seem to know all about us, don't you?"

"Only if I put my mind to it. But you've been unhappy for quite a long time, so I did try and figure out what it was. Would you like me to help you?"

"If only you could. It feels like I'm going mad."

"Then you must give it a try. I want you to come over to my place this weekend. I'll take the two of you to my cabin in the hills. I won't explain what I'll do then, but I'm almost certain it will work out well."

"Well," said Bob, "I certainly trust you, and I can use all the help I can get. But I don't see how for the life of me."

"You just sit and wait," Joan said.

When Bob told her of the plan May said she'd like to meet Joan – Bob had often told her about the one kindred soul at work – and the three of them found themselves in the hills for a long weekend that Friday at eight. They had dinner and coffee – and after s short time May started to feel very drowsy.

"I'm afraid I'm bad company," she said, "but I can hardly stand or sit. It must be the heat... I really think I ought to turn in."

"That's alright," Joan said. "Bob, you stay here. I'll put your wife to bed."

May sighed with relief. She didn't want Bob to touch her, but she was so sleepy that she didn't know if she could manage alone. Joan took her to one of the bedrooms. There was a big, double bed in the centre, and Joan helped May take off her blouse and skirt and her bra and panties. May kicked off her shoes.

"Come," Joan said and she led May to the bed, where she collapsed right on top, wearing only her stockings and her garter belt. She lay down flat, face down, with her arms under her head. Joan stroked her hair for a moment and left the room.

She came back in the living-room. 

"Everything under control," she said. "There's a bottle of whisky in that cupboard."

Bob poured the whisky as Joan lit a candle, and put a CD into the stereo. They talked for a while, and then Bob found he could hardly concentrate on the conversation. His head seemed curiously empty, and eventually he couldn't for the life him remember where he was, or why. All he could do was look at Joan, who sat, legs crossed, on a couch across the room, and smiled a little to herself. The she looked at him straight. Her light eyes seemed to burn with a fire of their own, and draw him like a moth. 

"I want you to take off your clothes," she said.

May didn't fall asleep as she'd expected. Her body felt very heavy, and somehow she couldn't think straight. She tried to figure out where she was, but she didn't know. And she certainly couldn't get up or talk or anything like that. But the mattress was a curious mattress. At first it had looked just like any other but now it seemed composed of lots of small, purplish lumps that felt soft to her skin and seemed to move about a little - like seaweed, she thought. She looked at it vaguely, but didn't quite understand, and then she investigated with her right hand. The lumps were not fixed together, and they were indeed soft and about her body temperature. She carefully felt down between them and thought she felt some hairy underground. Strange. She felt one of the lumps again, and as she did so it seemed to grow. All the lumps seemed to grow a little together, and she was lifted a bit. She moved her arm across the bed of lumps and fingered another one. This time it really did grow. It insinuated itself into the palm of her hand, and she closed her fingers around it. She felt other lumps rub her nipples, softly and very smoothly, and somehow the ones around her body seemed to grow taller than the ones underneath. She looked at the one in her hand, and suddenly recognised it. It was a penis, and the purple head sat shining in her palm with a small drop of liquid on top. It didn't seem to be at all threatening, and she started to fondle it softly, and felt it react in very tiny movements. She felt with her left one for another one, ant that one nestled itself in her hand as if it liked to be there. They feel sweet, actually, she thought, and eased her head back onto the mattress, or, she thought, on the cocks. There was one right before her eyes, a little taller than most others, and on an impulse she kissed it softly. It responded by rubbing across her lips. She kissed it again; it rubbed a little more insistently. She could smell it - a manly sort of smell she'd noticed once or twice after Bob had left the bathroom. She made a soft, kissing motion against the head, like a fish saying "O", and felt the head of the cock slip between her lips, like a lollipop when she was young. She sucked and nibbled a bit, and kissed the thing again, while she kept fondling the ones in her hands. Then the one she had kissed slipped into her mouth again, and this tine it seemed to have a mind of its own. It moved slowly in and out of her mouth, and came gradually deeper and deeper into her throat. She was a bit surprised it was so easy, and sucked and tasted it full of interest. It wasn't at all unpleasant. On the contrary.

In a trance Bob took off his clothes. 

"Stand there, Joan said. "I want to look at you."

She looked, and nodded, and got up. She took a firm hold of Bob's cock and led him into her bedroom.

The two penises in May's hands seemed to have come alive, too. They started to move up and down, and May fondled them in a counter-rhythm while she continued to suck the third one. There was some lie under her, too – one of the other cocks had nestled itself between her breasts and moved in and out of that crevice. She decided the things were really both soft and hard, a bit unusual, but quite pleasant. Her nipples felt taut, almost a little painful, and her pussy seemed to be very swollen. She felt the inside of her legs get rather wet at the top. Her pussy must be dripping! The moment she realised this, she felt another cock rub against her pussy lips. Oh, if only it would come into her! It did, softly, slowly, and seemed to search for her hymen. But she'd wrecked that years ago when she was trying to find out what she was like, so the cock could move inward undisturbed. It came into her until she felt it touch her cervix, and she squeezed it with her vagina, while she kept gobbling up the one in her mouth. To her disappointment the cock in her pussy moved out and away. She wanted it to come back – and then another one, just a little bigger, replaced it. Even better, she thought.

"Lie down," Joan said. Bob did as he was told. She passed her hand over his forehead: he felt firmly fixed to the bed. The she undressed, and Bob almost choked with admiration. She was truly, truly beautiful. She took a small box and rubbed some ointment into his cock. To his amazement it grew to an unprecedented size. 

"This will keep you in shape all night," she said. She squatted over him, lowered herself and flattened his cock to his stomach with her pussy lips. He marvelled at the fact that he could feel every fold, as precisely as the lines in an engraving - and then she started rubbing herself back and forth along the length of his extended member that grew even bigger under the roughish treatment. Now and then she bent over to stroke his face with her breasts, and she put a hand behind her to roll and squeeze his balls. She fixed him with her eyes and stared into his, deeply, deeply, and he knew she knew all about him and that the only important thing at that moment was to be at Joan's service, completely, unequivocally, flesh for her flesh, a tool to be used and enjoyed by her. Smiling softly, she began to squirm and roll in a teasing rhythm, using his cock to stimulate her pussy, making him dripping wet from his navel to his buttocks, with her juices, which filled the room with a heady perfume. He felt as if he was drawn into her through her eyes, consumed by a passion he'd built up for years, a passion fuelled even more when Joan started to use her labia to tug on the skin of his cock, as if kissing and sucking it. This was sublime - and the feeling got even more lovely when she briefly lowered her bottom between his legs and sucked his balls into her pussy.

May felt like floating on her bed of cocks. She started to get moved back and forth, gently, by the cock in her pussy when the one in her mouth retracted until only the head was still in and then gave a couple of contractions that supplied her with a flow of sperm. She liked the taste and drank down as much as she could. To her regret she felt the cock go soft, shrink and subside. She looked at another one and raised her eyebrows. It almost seemed as if the thing nodded, and the she blissfully parted her lips to allow it entry into her mouth and throat. 

Joan had resumed moving back and forth along Bob's shaft, kneading him with her pussy lips, and then she moved farther forward than she had done till then, and made him slip into her. She sank down over him, down, down, down... it seemed to Bob there was no end to the motion until at last he felt her buttocks press down on his hips and she started to ride him hard and fast, smiling at him sweetly, her breasts swinging and her bum bouncing up and down on his body. After some time she brought her knees slightly forward. Instead of rocking up and down now she rode back and forth, and Bob felt as though he were a cow being milked. To his vague surprise he didn't come – he stayed rock-hard and felt very happy being enjoyed by Joan. As if she read his thoughts she bent over him, pressed her perfect breasts into his chest and kissed him.

A penis alongside May's leg slipped between the strap of her garter belt and her leg, and began to move up and down very fast, not like the soft, slow motions of the others. A young one, she thought, and then she felt that another, quite slippery cock was edging its way between her ass cheeks and probing her back entrance. If it feels like the others it may be nice, she thought, and she tried to open her sphincter to facilitate its passage, which obviously worked out well – it almost bashfully pressed forward and began moving in and out with the one in her pussy. Then she felt the one behind her garter strap contract, and a spray of warm liquid landed on her back. She smiled around the cock in her mouth.

Joan grew more and more beautiful to Bob. It seemed to him that she emanated a bright light, which grew stronger and more intense the closer she came to coming. The she did come with her entire image enveloped in a kind of halo of burning fire. While Bob lay dazzled with the beauty of the moment, and the joy of having been instrumental in such a wonderful creature's enjoyment, Joan wrapped her thumb and index finger around his balls and squeezed lightly. Bob groaned and felt as if his entire being spewed forth into Joan's waiting womb – spurt after spurt. When he finally felt himself subside, Joan crawled all over him, smearing his body with their juices, ending over his face.

"Eat me out," she panted. Bob happily complied.

May continued to lie rocking on the bed, enjoying the cocks inside her and fondling the others in her hands when suddenly she felt as if all her muscles contracted, and then her body was ravaged by her first ever orgasm. It took quite a while before she recovered, and then she thought to herself she wanted one more like that, and stated to move back and forth a bit, increasing the pace until the bed was rocking and May felt in heaven, covered in sweat and trying to fuck the cocks she handled to pieces. The she came again like mad, and this time the cocks she was involved with came with her, spraying her insides and outside with come. It took a long time before her breathing was back to normal. Then she turned onto her side and smiled at the cocks. "You ARE sweet," she said. Then she fell asleep.

When Bob had done all that Joan wanted from him she took him into the shower to clean him up. Then she took hi m back to the living-room and told him to dress and wait. 

She went into May's bedroom with a bowl of warm water and a washcloth and carefully cleaned the sleeping girl up, too. The bed lay cool and white in the early morning light , and she smiled and fetched Bob.

"Bob," she said, and she passed her hand over his eyes.

Bob blinked. "I must have fallen asleep, he said. "Where's May?"

"I'll take you there," Joan said. She led him into May's bedroom and softly closed the door, leaving him sitting on the side of the bed, looking at his sleeping wife's form.

May opened her eyes and looked at bob. "I had such a strange dream," she said. "Come. Take off your clothes. I want you here with me."