 All characters are 18+. All names are made up. This is a futanari story, it might not make as much sense just starting out from this chapter. I am slowly building up kinks. The new kinks for this story is cum inflation and some impregnation roleplay.

*

Irina and I we were enjoying a little together time at Morgana's place on a Tuesday afternoon. I finally made the call to my mom to tell her I wasn't coming up for Christmas, and then I had to call my lawyer about the harrassment suit he was filing against my former boss.

"That's the last call," I said softly, and my new girlfriend locked her gaze with mine. She beckoned me playfully and I hopped over to sit next to her on the sofa. We cuddled up and kissed, but the moment my tongue entered her mouth, she giggled.

"Mm, I like," she said. "Save some of that for me. Take a look at these." She handed me her phone.

Displayed on screen was a picture of a deeply tanned female bodybuilder with a rather well-muscled back and shoulders. Although she was impressively built, her upper body was not out of proportion with the rest of her. Her legs and ass were huge. I swiped through a few more pictures to get a better impression of the whole girl. She had washboard abs and wide, powerful looking hips with impressively rounded buttocks. Her face had signs of some skin issues but her makeup hid it well enough, and the overall structure was fairly appealing

"Not bad," I replied. "Who is she?"

"Clara Martin. She works down at the gym, you know the big famous one all the bodybuilders hang out at. Personal trainer, but she also does a good bit of modeling. I guess that helps bring in the clientele."

"Hmm. I can really respect and admire what she's done for her body, she's pretty ripped."

"I'll say. Might be some 'roids, but can you imagine how tight she'd clamp down on your cock?" I just chuckled at that. "So, you'd wanna fuck her?"

I giggled. "Why, are you going to introduce us?"

"Sure! I don't know her, but she works at the gym and her schedule is posted. I think she could squeeze you in." We both chuckled.

"Honestly though, she's a little too, um, too big for me. Her shoulders and, um, what are these?"

"Traps. Trapezius muscles."

"Well, they're just so big. She looks kind of manly."

"I thought you would still be into that, Jeanie. Just the other day, you seemed pretty pleased with Denny's muscles."

"I don't know what I'm still into. It's changing!" I sighed. "It's just not doing it for me. I look at her and think she's going to break my dick off."

Irina doubled over laughing. "Well, we couldn't have that."

"It's not funny. I used to like muscular men! Now, broad shoulders and stubble doesn't really do it for me anymore. To put it mildly!"

"Oh don't get so excited. So you don't dig muscles anymore. Is that my fault?"

"I didn't say I don't like muscles, and yes, it is your fault, technically. Are there more?" Irina nodded. "Then let's just keep looking." I swiped to the next model.

"How about her?" The next model was an Asian girl, definitely very fit and attractive. Once again, I thought she was not to my taste, and swiped past her. Then I stopped.

"Whoa, who is that?"

"Mmm! Karina Albertson. She works down at the same gym as Clara." It's a chain gym that caters to bodybuilders, and was almost literally down the street and around the corner from Morgana's place.

"Karina looks damn good," I said, slightly awed. "Any more pictures of her?"

"Sure, let's check out her Instagram." Irina opened up Instagram and I followed suit. A moment later, we were both scrolling through pictures of Karina. Most of them were gym selfies, but at least a third were done by photographers or friends.

Karina had over 30,000 followers, making her a low level celebrity. Guessing her age was a bit of a challenge, because she had an almost flawless complexion, and her lithe body lacked a hint of sag. Her high-cheekboned face was without wrinkle or blemish. What she did have was a pair of legs any 20 year old girl would kill to have, crowned with a sexy bubble but that straight men would die for. There was some muscle tone and definition in her arms, no doubt, but her face was the best thing about her.

She had dark, almost black hair, and striking violet eyes. She had to be a European mix, my guess was some kind of Spanish Irish heritage. She had a cute nose and very full lips. I scrolled through to one picture of her in a bikini, clearly done by a photographer. I kept drinking in her gorgeous figure, her gently rolling abdominals and her b-cup breasts.

"So, what do you think?" Irina asked. "I'll bet that's a nose job. Lips too."

"Whatever, she's amazing! Look at those eyes," I replied, even as I scrolled back up to the top of her photo gallery and hit follow.

"Want to meet her? She's just around the corner."

"Well, let's just chill at my place. We can order pizza!" I had not asked, but I was guessing that sex witches don't have to worry about diet so much.

"Pizza?! Later! Come on, it will be fun and I will be with you the entire time. We don't have to seduce her, just get a selfie with her and work on our Instagram numbers."

"What is the point of that?"

"Look Jeanie, I take it seriously. Doing this social media stuff keeps me rooted in the real world. Now, a loyal friend would help me out. Don't you want to at least do that?"

"Well sure, when you put it that way, we ought to take selfies with all the girls there, not just the one that I find the most attractive."

"We should! Perfect plan!"

"Okay, if you say so," I rolled my eyes. "Wait a sec, do you want to fuck her?" I asked, with a hint of jealousy in my voice. The image of Karina diving on my blondie's muff pussy entered my head, and it sort of made me jealous.

"Only if you're there," she replied in a sultry voice. "Fuck, just thinking about that is getting me wet. Watching her helpless with lust, cumming on your pistoning cock, only to beg for more? I don't think I could control myself if I saw that. Wouldn't it turn you on to see us both kissing hot and heavy, with you trying to decide which one of us you're going to fuck next?"

All of her imagery sprang into my mind, and my cock began to swell.

"Okay but if, but that--" I stammered helplessly. I looked down at the notifications on my phone and realized that Karina had seen me and was now following me on Instagram. My confidence surged.

"But nothing!" Irina giggled. "Let's get our butts over there!"

"She gave me a follow!"

"That's great!" Irina chuckled. "She's been following me for a while now. Maybe she'll recognize us when we go there. Come on, let's get dressed!"

Lucille and Morgana had other plans for the evening. We knew we wouldn't be seeing them, but we also figured we better not go back to Morgana's place in case they bring their orgy home. Irina and I drove to the gym wearing some cute, skin-hugging gym apparel. Irina had her own, and I borrowed one of Morgana's outfits. It was a kind of cumbersome one-piece compression jumpsuit. The spandex helped to keep the bulge in my crotch small, the faux skirt that was built in hid it completely.

I was beginning to doubt we would find her there, since I never ran into celebrities. Instead, I started to get amped about having a gym workout with my gorgeous girlfriend. We were dressed for it, and we needed to keep up our near-daily schedule of exercise besides. I was always proud to hang out with a pretty and popular girl like Irina, but being with her in the gym where everyone could see just how hot and fuckable she was, made me feel a perhaps a little giddy.

Thankfully the place was close by, if we had been on the road for another minute, those thoughts would have led to a full-blown erection. We pulled up to the place and soon we were inside, with a guest registration and a small fee. The place was impressive, with an expansive weightlifting area, a cardio room on the sprawling upper level, and classrooms all along the east wing for things like spin class and yoga. I had never realized how many activities took place at the gym.

It was getting closer to 5 PM and it seemed more and more people were showing up, many of them some serious hardbodies.

"There she is!" Irina said. I followed her gaze to where a brunette was helping an auburn-haired woman on the calf press. The lady she was helping looked to be in good shape, and I guessed she was in her thirties. Karina was wearing a tight-fitting spandex tanktop, the kind that narrowed to a little strip in the back to showcase her shoulder blades, and encased her boobs tightly. It was white with black trim, with some sort of logo over the front. Gray leggings hugged her gloriously toned legs. Even from across the room, I found her mesmerizing.

Just then Karina looked over at us, and she must have caught me staring. I glanced away as fast as I could, but Irina gave her a friendly wave.

I looked up to see Karina smile our way, and then turn back to her client.

"Oh my god, I thought you said you don't know her!"

"I'm fixing that, silly," Irina replied. "Now stop being so bashful, it doesn't become one of the sisters. We have to get her to notice us, so of course I waved. Come on, let's hang around. I'm guessing her client there is just getting started, she's barely worked up a sweat."

We did warmups and stretches and hung around in the weight lifting area. I realized that I had no idea what weight to use, and we ended up defaulting to the lowest setting on every machine. That seemed to work for me, although Irina seemed capable of somewhat heavier weights, particularly on her legs.

We were also aware that there were plenty of guys checking us out, but no one tried to be a creep and hit on us. We stuck to easy exercises and always had an eye out for Karina and others in the gym. There were a few cuties, definitely some cute booties and stacked chests, but Irina was the whole package. Maybe I was biased, but with the memory of what she could do to me in a hot tub fresh in my mind, I was devotedly falling in love.

We were hardly working out anyway, so we decided it was time for a few gym selfies. Soon we were posing in front of the mirror. She lifted the front of her shirt and flexed her abs, and I was captivated by her smooth, toned flesh. One could easily make out the major muscles under her skin, and even the indentation that ran up a few inches from her navel. Thankfully she had that thin layer of fat that kept her looking soft and feminine. We snapped a few poses until we happened upon one we liked. We must have goofed around for a good two or three minutes, and I was beginning to feel very self-conscious.

"Good, she must have seen us snapping selfies," Irina said in a hushed voice, as some ripped asian dude walked past us to the free weights.

"I don't know, this is ridiculous. She doesn't want to take a selfie with us. It was fun but we should go now. My place or yours?" I asked my blonde lover.

"Not so fast! We haven't even talked to her."

I shook my head and gave her a worried look. I had butterflies in my stomach. This was not our turf.

"Come on, let's at least talk to her. Remember the plan. If it crashes and burns, you're still happy, so stop being so nervous!"

"Okay. So, it's 5:30 and she's still with that client. Should we keep waiting? What if she's booked a couple of hours?" It would suck if we nonchalantly waited around the gym just to get shot down by Karina. On the other hand, she might be friendly, even interested.

"I have an idea. Obviously we don't have to be so fixated on Karina. There are tons of hot girls here, but I always say if you don't aim high-"

"You never reach the sky." I finished. "That's so corny, we're not in high school anymore."

"Just follow my lead," she said, and she urged me to follow as she made a bee line for Karina.

"Hi! Excuse me, nice to meet you! Fantastic actually! Wow, I can't believe I'm standing in front of the great Karina Albertson! My name is Irina, and this is Jeanie, my best friend. We're both big fans of yours on Instagram, but you look even more amazing in person. Doesn't she?"

I caught up to her and just nodded and smiled as brightly as I could.

"Thank you. I really mean it. You two are gorgeous yourselves." She said it, but I could hardly believe my ears. "So what can I do for you?" she asked, as she pulled her phone from a pouch on her hip.

"A selfie would be great! We'll tag you and everything."

"I'd love to, but I've got a client here. Maybe afterwards?"

"It's okay, you girls just strike a pose and I'll take the shot," said the client, who had just finished a long set of low weight reps. "That is, if I can quiet my pulse enough to hold the camera steady."

"Oh, thank you!" Irina and I both exclaimed, thrusting our phones into her hands.

"You're very welcome, dears," she said. We posed to either side of Karina, while the woman took a snap with each of our phones, balancing them on her legging-clad thighs. "What I wouldn't give to be in your shoes, so young and care free," she said after we had collected our phones.

"I keep telling you to have confidence. Take a look at yourself, you're miles ahead of the competition," Karina replied to her client.

"Maybe among girls my age, but if I have to compete with you, and them," the woman said, with a polite nod to us. "I just can't."

"You can do it. Girls," Karina said, about to shoo us away.

"My name is Cheryl, by the way, nice to meet you," said the auburn-haired lady. "It's fine Karina, I'm certainly enjoying, um, taking a little breather after that last set."

"We're trying to get in shape," Irina jumped in. "Karina's our role model, she has such an incredible body!"

"Yes, that's the figure I'm striving for, that's why she's been my personal trainer since October," Cheryl replied with a friendly smile.

"Nice to meet you Cheryl," I said. "You look great, you should really be proud!" Cheryl had a trim figure and a somewhat flat chest, and I guessed she was in her mid thirties.

"You'll definitely find a man, I bet there are guys crawling over broken glass trying to get you to notice them," Irina said. "Maybe you should give one a chance?"

Cheryl let out a genuine laugh. "Oh dearie, sounds like you have someone in mind."

I had been nodding along with Irina until her last sentence. "Iri!" I hissed.

"Mm? No, no one to match your caliber. Now Jeanie's dad on the other hand, there's a hopeless case."

"Why, what's wrong with him?" Karina asked.

"Iri!" I hissed in an angry whisper. "Knock it off!"

"Oh, you know the type. Divorced, doting dad, hasn't had a girlfriend in years. He's what, forty six? Keeps himself in good shape--"

"Iri!" I interrupted.

"Okay, maybe I know some women who might be interested," Karina said. "I could keep my feelers out in case I hear of anyone. I'll have to see a photo though so that I can vouch for his looks."

"Um, okay," I replied, and showed her a picture of us on my phone. We were at the aquarium with dolphins, and he was wearing a T-Shirt that said "#1 Dad." Three dolphins were jumping in the background.

"Hold on, he seems handsome enough to me, and this looks like a recent photo," Karina said, still holding my phone, "But I have been known to be biased toward salt and pepper men. Mind if I get a second opinion?"

I shook my head, and Karina showed the image to Cheryl. 

"Handsome, wouldn't you say?" Karina said.

"Yes, in a dad sort of way. You say he got divorced? I don't mean to pry, but why?" Cheryl asked.

"Her mom's fault, totally," Irina answered. "She's a conniving, money-grubbing stone cold witch." My eyes turned round as saucers at her choice of words. "No offense babe, but you gotta face facts."

"My mom's alright," I said defensively.

Irina raised her eyebrow at me. I had only just told her that I had decided not to go see my mom's family for Christmas.

"Alright, I think it's time for your next set, Cheryl," Karina said. "Girls, I need to get back to my client now, it's only fair."

"Okay. Are you available some time? I'd love to get a session in."

Karina smiled broadly. "I don't normally take clients right after they hit the weights, but maybe I can make an exception."

"We'll rest and stretch and just talk to you afterwards," I said. "Come on Iri, let's give Cheryl her time. Thank you for your time. It was nice to meet both of you!" I smiled and waved profusely as I guided the conversation to a close.

"Yeah, bye for now!" Irina cheerily joined in.

I dragged her behind me for a few steps and then led her off the weightlifting floor. We found a quiet area on some stretching mats.

"Are you actually crazy?" I asked her.

"What?"

"You're so forward with them, and then showing them a picture of my dad like he's some hopeless single guy--"

"That was you," Irina replied. "Come on, he needs someone. How about Cheryl?"

"Cheryl?! She's too attractive. Probably only dates alpha males. I don't know a thing about her."

"She's cool, she's in shape, and she's struggling to find a man. On the surface, she approves of your dad so if he's really a good guy like we both know he is, just think what would happen if she got to know him!"

"You know what I think? I think we need to get you to a doctor," I replied, playing it straight. "That is nuts, she's almost young enough to be his daughter."

"So what? How old do you think she is?"

"Well, now that I got a closer look, sweating through her makeup, I'm thinking mid to late thirties."

"That's only what, ten to fifteen years younger than your dad? For old people, that's practically nothing."

I crossed my arms over my chest in a huff. "Whatever, that was super awkward."

"It's going great. I think we've got this. Oh, I should remind you, in case things do go well, that we have some important rules. One, we can't tell her about witchcraft, or bring her into the coven on her own. Morgana and Lucille would need to approve first. All of us would."

"Okay, that makes sense."

"That means we can't let her get too close to us emotionally. I know it's exciting to be around her. Isn't she something?"

"Totally, I know exactly what you mean. Anything else?"

"We're going to do this without any magic. No aphrodisiac cookies. If she doesn't want you, I'll kick her to the curb quick."

"Hah! Don't you think she's just run the other way as soon as she finds out?"

"Nah. Here's how we'll reel her in."

******

"A massage, huh?" Karina cocked her eyebrow but never stopped smiling. "Both of you?"

"Yeah, do you think you could? We don't know anything about sports massages."

"Hmm. You girls said you haven't done any of these exercises in a while, so you're bound to get sore. A massage could definitely mitigate some of that soreness, assuming you didn't overdo it."

"Oh, we didn't," I said.

"Let's hope so. There's plenty of masseurs here. I certainly know how to, but I'm not licensed, so I couldn't give you a massage here at the gym."

"But?" Irina asked hopefully.

"How about at my place? I live right nearby. One of my colleagues can lend me their portable massage table, and that way you can take care of your muscle problem and we can all get to know each other better."

"Really? That'd be great!" I said.

Karina called in a favor from one of her friends, and had him bring a massage table to her place.

"All set! Look, you girls should skip the locker room here. Take your showers up at my place, that way you'll be nice and warm when the massage begins."

"Okay, we'll just go grab our things," I said. It was surreal. Karina was taking us back to her home! I was starting to get a chubby just thinking about the possibilities. Why was she being so accomodating? Didn't she have better things to do? She didn't even discuss her fee!
