 All characters 18 and over. For those new to the series I recommend starting from the beginning.

*****

I had Irina right where I wanted her, when suddenly my cellphone started ringing. Worse, it was my dad's custom ringtone, "Stand By Me." It could not have come at a more inopportune moment. Irina was beneath me, her legs spread apart and waiting for me to fuck her pussy for the first time. She saw my hesitation and giggled.

"When the night has come"

"Sounds like you better answer it!"

"And the land is dark"

"It's my dad," I said. Just the thought of one of my parents cooled my ardor. Irina, however, seemed to think it fine if we took a breather.

"Go ahead, I'm not going anywhere," she said, still smiling brightly.

"And the moon is the only light we'll see"

I reluctantly got up off the sofa and noticed just how beautiful my little blonde bestie looked with cum dripping from all over her body. My cum, I realized. I dug my phone out of my purse, silenced it, then stopped and listened for the moans and cries that had been coming from the hot tub area. Apparently Morgana and Lucille had stopped as well, so I gingerly tapped the green button to accept the call.

"No I won't"

"Hi Daddy," I answered. "What's up?"

"Hi Pumpkin! How's my girl doing?"

"I'm just fine daddy. How are you?"

"I was wondering, did you make plans to visit your mother for Christmas?"

"Um, why did she tell you something? I didn't say yes or no but to be honest, I'm really not sure I can make the trip this year."

"Why, what's come up?"

"It's just such a long ways, and plus I'm kinda out of work now, and so I want to keep looking for a job."

My dad was a little surprised that I lost my job. I told him that my boss was being a creep and I actually sued him, which shocked him even more.

"Maybe we should spend some time together and do some catching up. You've been busy, that much I can tell, but perhaps you can find some time in your schedule for your old dad? I still make house calls, you know-"

"Yeah," I said noncommittally.

"So, you're not too busy?"

"No, I'm not," I admitted, realizing I had no idea what kind of cover story to tell him in case he asked. 

"So, how's tomorrow?"

"Uh, tomorrow?" I repeated, stalling for time. I didn't know what to say to that. I knew I could wear clothes to obscure any hint of a bulge in my crotch. I wasn't ready to start giving up those secrets. I looked at Irina, who raised both eyebrows in silent confusion, and shrugged accommodatingly.

"Tomorrow sounds doable," I finally admitted. Irina licked her lips lasciviously, and I was suddenly reminded of her joke that she wanted to bang my dad. The idea definitely irked me, and thus killed whatever erotic buzz had been lingering. I suppose it was inevitable, since I had already cum twice. I finished setting up the date for the next day, Irina listening in the whole time. After I got off the phone, Irina suggested we clean up the mess on the sofa.

Morgana's house was well stocked for this task, with a bucket, washable sponges and loads of bath towels under the sink. We both cleaned up while in the nude, and then Irina led me into another bedroom. She kissed me, but this time it was not arousing so much as it seemed to build our connection. I kissed her back, and then we went to the bed and dove under the covers. We kissed some more, and in the back of my mind I marveled at how much my attitude towards females seemed to had changed. I was hungry for Irina's kiss, but I was also curious about Morgana and Lucille.

"I have a question to ask you," I finally said. "Are we going to have an orgy or something later?"

Irina smirked. "We could if you wanted, maybe," she said. "Right now I'm not so sure. Morgana has been getting increasingly possessive of Lucille, for whatever reason. That futa is her favorite, and to kind of place emphasis on that, Lucille only fucks other women with Morgana's permission."

"Really?" The porn videos I had seen of them had led me to believe that they were spontaneous and wild about sex with anyone and each other. At first I had thought the idea of a futanari fucking every hot vixen who crossed her path vulgar and dirty, but it was beginning to be a turn-on for me. I chuckled to myself and realized that fantasy was all in my mind. Of course, porn is just porn, I told myself, a manufactured image.

"Um, so like I was saying," Irina said, catching my attention. I had totally missed whatever else she had been saying about Morgana and Lucille. "Lucy still has her old personality and preferences. Morgana told me she's working through them, but basically, she doesn't do guys and she's even against doing other futanari."

"Oh, I see." Lucille had been a fairly macho kind of guy before her transformation. I wouldn't have imagined Brian ever even wanting to look at a penis. It was kind of disappointing because Lucille had a great body and I could totally imagine doing her. Hard, in the ass, whether she liked it or not.

Whoa! Where did that thought come from? I lost track of the conversation, so startled by my own filthy fantasies.

"Why, were you hoping to have an orgy?" Irina asked, noticing my burgeoning erection.

I shook my head. "No, it's not that. Maybe it's kind of the opposite. I'm kind of falling for you, it feels like. I don't know how I'd feel to see you with someone else, even if it was just kissing. You know, after that night with Denny, I'm not so sure having a third person in the mix really adds anything. Oh! Not that I mean, not that I didn't like-"

Irina smirked. "That's fine, I think I understand. Denny rocked your world that night, which was just what I was hoping would happen. I didn't expect you to be into me, so I stayed out of the way."

"Yeah, but now, um," I only want to be with you from now on. Wait, that's not true, I want to fuck Morgana and Lucille and Rosa and- oh God! Any pretty little thing, I want to pump them all full of cum, just like you here. Of course, I can't go fucking everyone, it's better to be monogamous like the old me. Don't lose control, Jeanie. Don't become someone else. "I only want you, Irina."

"Oh, that's so sweet!" she said, and she wrapped her arms around me and kissed me. "I only want you, Jeanie, but there is a but!" she gave me her characteristic smirk. I immediately thought of Denny. Would she make me share her with him? I found myself dreading the very notion that anyone but me would be fucking Irina from here on out.

"You are a futanari," Irina began to explain. "Emotionally you may find yourself unable to resist other temptations. That's fine, I totally get it. I know how hard it has been for Morgana to rein in Lucille, and she definitely would not get away with it if she didn't give her 'permission' to Lucille on a regular basis to fuck certain women."

Lucille fucks all sorts of women? Oh I can just imagine! They want her because she's so HUNG! Like ME! Bet she's knocking them up all over the place, when she isn't fucking them in the ass or cumming down their throats! Oh yes, what a life! I want that for me!

"I don't want to go through that with you." Irina added.

"Go through what?" I asked, confused.

"I don't want to rein you in, silly. Weren't you listening? Oh," she cooed, pretending to have only now just noticed my raging hard on.

"Sorry. Don't worry, I've never cheated once in my life!" I said, which was true.

"Listen just a sec, 'kay? I had a hand in making you a futanari. I'm hoping you like the change. Do you?"

I nodded emphatically. If not for this cock, how would I fuck Irna and get deep throat blowjobs from her? I didn't want to imagine life without a dick.

"Oh Jeanie!" she said, squeezing me tight as we embraced. "I'm so happy! I was thinking, not just of all the things you and I could do together as lovers, but also maybe you and I would become mates. I know it's going to be such a thrill when you finally fuck me properly. The thing is, I know we are going to be running into a lot of hot women, especially when we go down to Miami, and you deserve to be able to chase after them. In fact, I can just tell how proud I'm going to be with each conquest you make, because behind it, I made it possible and gave you your special cock."

This was the first time Irina mentioned visiting Miami, and I remembered I would need to ask her about that, but first I tried to assure her that I had no interest in any stupid bimbos. I had a special connection with Irina, and I was confident in time it would grow. I looked into her aqua blue eyes and the more I did, the more I believed myself. I could tell that she wasn't the least bit convinced, however. Neither of us were.

"So what's this about Miami?" I pivoted. Just the thought of the city made me envision a parade of women in scandalously tiny fluorescent bikinis showing off their tanned, toned bodies.

"Well, this house here is just a vacation home for Morgana. She has this gorgeous villa in South Beach and an even bigger one Bermuda."

"Bermuda too?!"

"Yep. By Devil's Hole," she snickered. "Okay, so it's this place called Harrington Sound, and it's beautiful down there! So peaceful, and warmer there so she likes to go there in the winter time."

"I'll say! With a big house in Bermuda, why come here at all? I mean, Destin, Pensacola, it's not exactly-"

"It's great here, are you kidding? These white sand beaches, you can hardly find anywhere else. Anyway, I suppose I could explain a little of that to you. Morgana could do a much better job though."

"Explain what, how the sand here got washed down from-"

"No no, Morgana's history here. She knows this place from way back, decades ago, probably. When she decided to start a coven, she came back to this place. I think it's her home town."

"You're not sure? How well do you actually know her?"

"She keeps some things secret, and I trust her. She protects us, and you can trust her too. My sense has been she enjoys getting away from her current circle of acquaintances, many of whom are witches and the like as well. She wants to be the leader of her own coven of sexy minxes, and teach them magic. She wants to mold and shape and love us. That's why I know we can trust her."

I smiled to show Irina how her words reassured me. It seemed wonderful.

"She was looking for someone young, but not naive, extroverted, and intelligent."

"She wanted that whole package, in a girl just barely eighteen years of age?" I prodded, but Irina just nodded earnestly.

"When she found me, she was considering other candidates as well. The thing is, she decided not to make up her mind based on whether I passed her induction trials. She and I just clicked so well that within a few days, she made up her mind to keep me."

"Mm, good choice," I agreed, pressing my dick against her. She was all talk, but lying in bed with her was making me incredibly horny, and thinking about how Morgana hand-picked this cutie made me feel all the more lucky that Irina had picked me.

Her bright blue eyes flashed as they gazed back into mine, and she was swept up with desire. I brought my lips to hers and in doing so, my breasts lay lightly against hers. I could feel her hard nipples against my soft skin so I leaned in closer. I wanted my body to be right up against her from head to toe as we kissed.

We shared a smoldering kiss for what felt like several minutes. My body was taking over, my nipples growing harder by the second, my cock throbbing with need. I could even feel my pussy leaking juices, although I knew what I really wanted was to fuck Irina hard.

She moaned into my kiss as I rolled her onto her back. She spread her legs invitingly and I moved myself into position. With my cock pointed at her moist slot, I knew exactly what I wanted.

"Are you ready?" I asked.

"Ready? I have been ready and waiting!" she panted. She kept gazing up at me with those clear blue eyes.

"I love you, Irina," I told her, and I meant it sincerely. Even if I want to fuck every bikini babe from Miami to LA!

"I love you," she replied.

I had an overwhelming urge to kiss her cupid bow lips once more, and I didn't hold anything back. She devoured my passion, our eyes closed as we were lost in the moment. My cock throbbed impatiently and I pushed it toward her blindly, and it prodded her mons, then her labia. She reached down and guided me in.

The searing bliss of entering Irina's heated core for the first time was indescribable. I could feel every millimeter of her silky interior clutching my girth. I pushed inch after inch into her, until my rod was lodged halfway into her. Her gushing pussy began lubricating in overtime, and as I pushed further I moved deeper inside of her.

"Oh yes baby yes!" Irina mewled as I impaled her to the ceiling of her juicy love tunnel. She bucked her hips up at me and I thrust into her. The pleasure of one stroke was so great that I immediately launched into a series of thrusts. Addicted to the pleasure, my lubed up piston started slamming into her with a rhythm all its own.

Her inner walls were so silky and the corrugated interior of her passage rubbed against my glans with every deep thrust. I pounded away as I saw the look of rapture in Irina's face.

"Oh fuck yes! That's it, don't stop!" Irina said, panting as her body began to reach a climax. I thrust half again as fast, eager to bring my blonde off on my cock, passion driving me to the limits of my strength and speed. I fantasized only about what it would feel like having her clutching pussy cum all around my thrusting shaft.

It was I who came first, totally unprepared for the pleasure that she gave me. I felt my cock stiffen in a strange way as my insides tensed involuntarily, growing tighter and tighter until my entire organ began to spasm. I pumped my seed deep inside Irina's pussy, hoping that she was still safe, not wanting to pull out for anything in the world. Soon after, she started cumming too, and this intensified my own orgasm. Our feminine cries mingled in the bedroom for half a minute and I did my best to keep pounding her the entire time.

As soon as I was done cumming, I felt a second wind. My cock was still hard and I was eager to keep fucking Irina. I started slowly at first, then picked up my tempo. In about five minutes, I was battering her with everything I had. I was almost out of breath, but I didn't want to let my fatigue show. I was thankful that I was into cardio, and I paced myself in the hopes that I would regain more energy before my grand finale.

Instead, I slowed down more and more. She had us switch positions, placing me on my back. Then she straddled my hips and rode me. I loved being ridden, and it was easy for Irina to give herself orgasms when she controlled the action. I watched her expression, her eyes hooded, her sweet lips crying out each time she climaxed. I also watched her pert tits bouncing as she rode almost uninterrupted from one orgasm to the next. I could that I was falling even deeper in love with her, and I embraced those feelings.

"I love you!" I cried as she rode me.

"Ooohhh! Jeanie!!" she moaned back. "I, anh!! I love you too!"

For perhaps ten minutes she rode me like a stallion, but when she finally collapsed in my arms, twitching with pleasure, I decided it was enough. I was still pretty hard but I could tell that it would take some time for me to be ready to cum again. It was enough that my blonde homecoming queen was panting and sated in my arms.

In under a minute, her breathing returned to normal, and I stole kisses from her lips until she kissed me back with white hot passion. Finally we went to the showers, holding hands all the way.

Although I had other questions for her, many about magic, Irina said that I should ask Morgana. We had not heard anything from the hot tub area for a good long while, so we decided it would be safe to join Morgana and Lucille. I wanted to wear a bathing suit and Irina lent me one of her suits. It had a matching knee-length green sarong that wrapped around my waist and hid my penis. Then when Irina said she would just go nude, the sarong made me feel overdressed.

"What is the dress code for the coven, I mean, around here?"

"Hmm. Nude optional?" Irina quipped back.

"Fuck," I muttered under my breath, watching Irina's perfect teen ass jiggle as she led me out to the hot tub.

Morgana and Lucille had been kissing when we arrived, but they settled back when we walked through the doors. The hot tub was in an outdoor patio surrounded on three sides by the house, with one of those sides having a doorway inside. Tall hedges made for the last wall of privacy, and there was also decking which surrounded the tub and formed a path to the outdoor pool. The entire back yard was enclosed in a giant insect screen.

"Well Jeanie, I take it you've made up your mind to stay with the coven?" Morgana asked.

"l would like to stay. Of course, magic sounds awesome and from what I've seen so far, I wouldn't want to miss out. I just wonder, why do we have to defer to this Medina so much? For real, shouldn't we be able to just go about our business without worrying what she thinks?"

"The reason is simple, although you're going to find it perhaps unfair. Medina is what they call a serene adept. She has powers far beyond a regular witch. Whereas we dabble in chained cantrips requiring some sort of magic focus such as a charm or potion, Medina has access to a broad range of magic from the evocation, abjuration, and conjuration schools."

"In other words, she can hurl green fire and summon creatures to fight for her," Lucille explained. "She also has magic to protect herself from attacks."

"We can't do that sort of thing," Morgana continued. "There is only one serene adept in the world at any time, and she is the one."

"No fair!" I blurted. "Well, okay I know life's not fair, and having any magic at all is a huge advantage, but why does she get to be the only one? When will it be someone else's turn?"

"We don't know. Serene Adepts usually hang around for a century or two, or three, or five. Medina was born around 1900, so she has a ways to go, I suspect."

"She can live for centuries?!" I exclaimed.

"Sure, magic can halt aging. Haven't we gone over this?" Lucille quipped.

"Magic goes through phases, hot and cold," Morgana went on. "It's like global climate variability. Magic once existed for a long time, a time which we refer to as the age of dragons. This was from about 40,000 BC to 20,000 BC, before the Sorcerous Wars. Then there were about 15,000 years where magic was rare, coming on and off in places. Eventually magic became locked away from man, unless they discovered the proper rituals. This was in the dark ages. During the course of the dark ages, many of the secrets of magic were lost. Those that were maintained were held by fewer and fewer witches. You see, magic didn't solve anything, it just led to war. Finally in the time of Merlin, there was a truce between Vivian and the wizard."

"Who was Vivian?" I asked.

"The Lady of the Lake," Morgana went on. "The two of them decided to usher in an era of peace by shutting down magic practitioners whenever and wherever possible. Naturally, they saw fit to continue to use magic themselves to further their objectives. Vivian conjured Excalibur, for instance, which helped Arthur maintain his throne. It certainly didn't solve all his problems. Merlin used magic openly, and he too could not save the king from woe. However, as the enlightened rule of men like Arthur gave way to the Magna Carta and the middle ages, magic suddenly disappeared. Legend has it, magic died with the signing of the Magna Carta."

"What was the Magna Carta, exactly?" I asked.

"Sorry, I forgot they don't teach that in school. You have heard of it, though?"
