 I'll admit I was hard, but I was surprised by Irina's tears. She looked genuinely heartbroken. I told myself that she shouldn't have used an untested magic recipe to tamper with my life and that what she had done was just plain wrong. Somehow, a part of me was unconvinced.

She left my place but I got a text from her just a few minutes later.

"I'm sorry, I never would have baked you that cookie if you didn't say you wanted to be with me."

I didn't reply.

"Please don't be mad anymore."

"Fuck that. Stop texting and driving," I sent.

I had told her I didn't want to change. I told her, and the fact that she cooked up a cookie to change me just made me furious! Then again, it was me who told her out of the blue that I wished I was lesbian or bisexual so that I could be with her. That part was true, but I hadn't been serious, how could I know she could whip up a magic cookie to do just that!

The last thing I wanted to do was check in to an emergency room. I could not even imagine how they would react, the questions they would ask, the investigations that would follow. No, I needed to trust Morgana to fix this, and if that meant waiting for a month, I had the funds to hunker down and wait.

To take my mind off of this mess for a little while, I decided to go for a run along the coast. I realized I would have to wear something to accommodate that extra fleshy baggage between my legs, and I had some rather snug leggings. I figured if I wore some baggy running shorts over them I would be fine. I donned my gear, went for my run, and it actually went very well. At times I almost forgot that I had a penis down there, snugly supported by my black leggings.

Irina knew better than I cared to admit, that I had been sincere when I told her I wanted to be with her. Also, it was me who gobbled the cookie up in a haze of euphoric gluttony. It was just so tempting!

How was I going flaunt my goods on Instagram now? How would I wear a bikini or even casually wear yoga pants? My wardrobe had little else, although at least with winter creeping in I had a coat that would conceal most any bulge. I dreaded to think what would happen if after the next full moon Morgana could not put things back to normal down there.

This situation put a real damper on my sex drive, which was a relief. What had I been thinking, spreading my legs for a pure stranger like Denny? It was a miracle his big cock didn't rip that little condom to shreds. There had been enough precum sloshing around in the reservoir of that thing to get me pregnant three times over!

After my run, I took a shower of course and then I decided to veg out in my place. As had become my habit, I went right to Instagram. I had about a dozen new followers and tons of new messages. I checked them out, and there was one from Irina. The preview text said "Please don't be mad at me, I just.." I didn't open it to read the rest.

There were a few messages from guys and girls. I noticed one of the girls had a rather sexy avatar, and her note, redolent with hearts and the phrase "So sexy, deliciosa!" made it clear where her mind was, and that was fine by me. I went to her profile to see what her account looked like.

She didn't use her Instagram to flaunt her looks but from what I could tell she looked fine indeed. She had a kind of Mediterranean appeal that I always envied. Rosa was her name, and I gave her a follow back and browsed her pictures for a while.

I wonder if she can suck cock like Irina? Probably not, but she's still very pretty. Let's keep moving on, I thought. Wait a second, who cares about how she is in bed? What am I thinking? I'm just admiring her beauty, just as she did with me. Except I'm not bisexual and she probably is. Lucky for her.

An hour flew by tending to my account and chatting with people. I was surprised at how much my life was beginning to feel normal again.

Then the dopamine high from my run finally faded away and I couldn't forget my problems anymore.

A feeling of sadness had been slowly tightening its clutches on my heart. I sat there browsing through the images of strangers, feeling so enervated I didn't even care about people messaging me in real time. I realized I had to stop lying to myself, not just about how much more I was looking at sexy women on Instagram, but over how bad I was hurting. I wasn't speaking to my best friend, I was mad and it was justified and I didn't know if I could forgive her. If I didn't, I'd be losing my best friend. If you've ever lost a best friend, it's a terrible feeling, probably on par with heartbreak.

The pain in my heart would not go away no matter how much I tried to distract myself. I had tried running, but I was so drained now I couldn't imagine even getting up from my futon. I was on Instagram starting to follow feeds for random things like sports car photography, anything to take my mind off of things.

As I scrolled through my main feed, a terrible photo of Irina came into view. It was a close up selfie, her pale skin was red and blotchy, her cheeks were streaked with mascara, and she was hunched over a book. "Heartbroken but not giving up. Gotta study."

That's strange, I could have sworn Irina was not taking any classes. Whoa, look at all the comments, there has to be dozens, no hundreds of well-wishers. Way to call attention to yourself, Iri. You're such a drama queen. I better give you some time to come to your senses, maybe I'll call you tomorrow.

I turned on Netflix and got ready for a marathon of something, but nothing appealed to me, so I started rummaging through my DVDs. I could not forget the pain I had seen in my friend's face, and I knew it was a reflection of my own sadness, but worse. I felt bad for her, and I wanted to take that pain away from us both. I picked up the phone and called her.

"Jeanie!!" she shouted into the phone.

"Hey blondie. I was gonna call you sooner, I knew you were upset. Uh, I should have told you that I wasn't mad at you anymore-"

"You have every right to be mad at me! I was the one who was out of line!"

"Look, we can put this all behind us, okay?"

"Right!"

"I want us to stay friends. Actually, I need us to stay friends, besties! After all, we're going to be coven sisters, right?"

"Well, since you want to, then yes we will be sisters, absolutely." She yawned. "I was so worried you would flip out or try to weasel out of it."

"Hah!" I laughed, completely missing the sinister undertone of her words. "Hey, are you alright? Sounds like maybe you didn't get enough sleep."

"Yeah, I've been studying."

"Studying, right, that reminds me! Since when are you taking classes?"

"Not for school, silly. I'm reading arcana with Morgana. I've been a research assistant since last night, reading up on your situation and the way the ingredients in that recipe might have interacted. It's been very difficult to narrow things down, but Morgana is worried that she may not have given you the best advice, so she's trying to get a clue by researching old sex witch arcana. I've been helping her. We both ate a, err, um, a no sleep cookie but it, um, we didn't get it to full potency."

I could tell she was leaving something out but decided not to delve deeper.

"You stayed up all night?" I asked.

"Yep!" she yawned, "Just about."

"Wow! Thanks." I thought my situation was an emergency, but it still floored me that they prioritized helping me over sleep. I can't say for certain that I would have done the same for Irina unless had to be honest with myself. The fact that this all had gone on without my knowledge actually floored me. I couldn't get over the fact, and thanked Irina profusely. After a little back and forth, she said Morgana wanted to talk to me.

"Hello? Thank you for doing all this for me," I said. I wanted to make sure she knew that even though I was in distress, I could be calm and I was also perfectly able to appreciate what they were doing for me.

"Thank you for keeping it together, I realize it's scary," she replied. "Most image conscious women would have lost it and ran screaming into the night. Do you mind if I put you on speaker? It's just Irina and I."

"Of course I don't mind."

Morgana had a charming way of speaking, as though she were a high class heiress who lounged about on sprawling estates being fed caviar and crackers, only she seemed to have warmed to me immediately.

"So, what's all the research for exactly? The magic negation will work, right?"

"It almost certainly will, and by that I mean a ninety-five percent chance. That chance of success could diminish though, with each use, ah, but it's not clear whether that use includes arousal or actual, well, climax. So far the arcana seems to corroborate my theory, which by the way was based loosely on one of the laws of life." As she spoke, it dawned on me that the witch with the high class accent was actually some kind of nerd! It was kind of a mind fuck to think of someone with her mental caliber dressing and talking as she did, but I needed to focus more on what she was saying so I put those thoughts aside.

"Uh, what law?" I asked when I noticed she had stopped talking.

"If you don't use it, you lose it. There's some conflicting anecdotes here and there, but that's always the case with arcana. Since you're up for a chat, however, I'd like to ask you a few questions. Irina, take notes in your book of light."

I heard a thump of a book and some shuffling of pages, and then Morgana posed a question.

"The spell Irina used was aimed at your gender orientation. Do you think your sexual orientation has changed?"

"Well, no."

"Hmm. How about your feelings toward men?"

"I'm not interested in feelings when I can feel this freakish growth between my legs. Men, women, whatever, I don't know who would want to sleep with me. How could I explain it? So no, I don't think I've changed, I just don't want a man to see me this way."

"But you still yearn for them? Picture the man of your dreams doing exactly what you want him to. Does the thought appeal to you?"

"No, but I'm sure that's just temporary." I had tried to think about it, but could not. I could not pretend that I didn't have a penis, and with that in the way the fantasy was only disaster. Ew!

"Hmm. I take it you can't stop picturing yourself as you are now?"

"Yeah."

"Mm, well it seems the magic may be taking hold after all, albeit in a more gradual way, or your hormones are beginning to kick in."

"Hormones?!"

"Yes, they will be subtle at first. Your testes will be producing extra testosterone and perhaps a very special kind of testosterone. You'll want to be on the lookout for extra hair growth, especially on the face and chest, as these will be an inconvenience best corrected with a little more magic. You might also have increased confidence or aggression, depending on how you look at it. Your new feelings may be difficult to understand, and you may experience impulses to grope women. I have to caution you about these urges, because they could take you by surprise and will most likely get you into trouble."

I kind of chuckled. The thought of me groping women was ridiculous. I might consciously admire a beautiful woman, but I felt no desire to hold them. I would have a hard time explaining to them that I have a sizeable penis?

"While most of the men you have known were trained to control these urges from early on, and kept in a regimented environment such as school where touching girls was never permitted, you will want to guard your impulses."

"I don't think that will be a problem. I've yet to feel any impulses, I'm more worried about growing chest hair. Yeech!"

"Well, we have a fairly sure fire way of determining whether you will or not, but it's perhaps still too early to say. Do you have any hair down there?"

"Hmm. No."

"Were you shaved at the time?"

"Oh, I guess not really," I admitted.

"Oh don't be shy about it, I know you weren't really planning on any encounters," Irina said, reminding me that after Brian left, I hadn't bothered to shave.

"Well then, it's safe to say you have the futanari version of testosterone I told you about earlier. It might bring on some of those feelings I warned you about, and it might help promote muscle growth with the proper exercise, but no facial and body hair. Besides if you want muscle I have cookies for that, but I quite like you just the way you are."

I heard a page turn, and asked "Irina, are you still taking notes?" and both women giggled softly.

"This is a vital service you are providing for Irina," Morgana intoned. "This was her first big enchantment, and botched though it may be, she ought keep accurate records of how it went. After all, how else is she going to become a mistress without her own book of light?"

"I don't know, what's the big deal about these notes?"

"Oh it's everything, darling. Why, I don't remember every detail of every spell I've ever done, but thanks to my book of light, I can always refresh my memory."

"Aren't there spell books and well-known recipes and standards to go by?"

"Of course, darling."

"Well then why not just use those? It just seems weird to me, why not stick to what's tried and true when you know that so much could go wrong?"

"Ah but isn't life full of deviations from the norm? You'll often find that the very spice of life comes from breaking out of conventional norms. Besides, how did these recipes come to be? The arcana is quite clear that sex witches are notorious for experimenting. The key is guessing what will happen, and guessing right." Morgana said.

"The world is going to hell anyway, we might as well have a great time of it!" Irina chimed in. "Also you must have guessed by now that I'm a total deviant!" she giggled.

"Alright then, I just have one more line of questioning," Morgana said. "Have you ejaculated?"

"Uh, once actually, when I ate the cookie. Since then I haven't even gotten hard."

"Very interesting! However in that case I think we've covered the main questions that we needed to for today."

"Um, okay. Thanks."

"Irina, did you have anything else?"

"Thanks for answering those weird questions, Jeanie! It's going to help us a lot. I bet you have questions too!"

"That would be an understatement. I don't even know where to begin."

"Oh, well that's never good. Maybe we should get together and talk. My place or yours? Maybe we should get together at Morgana's, she probably has tons of things to explain to you, about all our secret witch stuff, you know. You're going to be in our coven, you might as well know. Should we tell her about you-know-who?" I could tell she was directing her last question at Morgana, and I surmised Morgana shook her head no. Yet more secrets.

"Alright so how does tomorrow sound?"

"Perfect. I was just about to settle in for a movie anyway."

"Great. I have to keep researching, Morgana is about to drop a book on me." I heard a thud.

"Read the chapters on magic negation in this one," Morgana said. "I want detailed summaries of each case."

"Yes mistress!" Irina replied, sounding like a flirty new recruit.

"Alright I'll hang tight and see you tomorrow," I said, ready at last to settle in to a nostalgic Charmed marathon. I chose the show because I happened to own it on DVD. I also decided that there was no point hiding from thoughts of magic and witchcraft. I might even learn something.

Several hours in, I realized that not only was I enjoying the show, but I was really enjoying watching each of the girls. It was more than just admiration, I was starting to feel kind of affectionate towards each of them. The more I watched those ravishing girls, the more I wanted to feel what it would be like to kiss and fondle each of them.

I heated up a microwave dinner and distracted myself with Instagram for a while. I even considered snapping a selfie to show my followers that I was still around, but decided makeup before bed would be entirely too much work. Rather than scare them off with the au naturel look, I took a page from the pros and posted a picture I had taken before, one with Irina and I before the "cookie incident."

Looking at Irina's picture made me realize how much I missed her already.

There had never been a need to shut her out, had there? How could I make those blue eyes sad, or make those pouty lips frown? No, I could think of better ways to use those lips, like smiling and kissing and necking. Ooh, necking, I wonder if she would be up for that? I wonder if she could give me that pleasure, but not take it farther? What if she wants my cock? What if she wants to suck it and fuck it all night long? We couldn't do that. Morgana said she might not be able to reverse the spell if Irina plays with it too much.

I want to know what it feels like though. I want to know what a girl feels like in bed, on my lips. I always imagined I would only suck dicks and I was pretty comfortable with that role in life. Now our life has changed so much. What if I'm face to face with a pussy that needs to be eaten? What then?

It only took about ten seconds for these thoughts to roll through my brain when something unexpected happened. My penis began to stiffen. I stopped thinking in that vein and went back to paying attention to the TV show, but that was no good because now all I could think of was whichever girl that was on the screen with her face stuffed with my cock and the other two witches kneeling beside me and sucking on my nipples.

Now my dick was almost totally hard. I took a cold shower and that helped me calm down. Still shivering, I admonished myself that if I kept up such fantasizing I was going to earn myself another cold shower. I dried off, noticing with great annoyance that I actually had to take a moment to dry all sides of my penis. I noted with satisfaction that my freak bout of arousal had been nipped in the bud.

Brushing my teeth, I realized that I ought to fill in Irina on what happened. She might need to know for her notes, after all. So I sent her a text.

"I've had sexual thoughts about women tonight, and I had a boner." I felt so awkward sending a text like this but I knew they had been studying so hard last night, I had no right to withhold information so directly pertinent to their research. After a moments deliberation, I hit send.

Not sure if I should feel embarrassed or not, I turned out the lights, lay down in my futon, and went to sleep.

I woke up with a raging erection. Oh my fucking God, this feels heavenly. I just want to lay on top of it ooh maybe if I stroke it. No, I can't, but if I have to endure this temptation for another 28 days I don't know what I will do.

Still waking, I lay on my stomach and recalled my vivid sex dream before the memory faded. I dreamed of Irina and the cast of Charmed all coming to my little apartment with get well cards. Somehow they decided that the only way to help me get better was to help me relieve my aching stiff cock with their mouths and pussies.

I was fucking my first girl and getting close to cumming in her silky squeeze box. I warned her and she said she was really hoping that I get her pregnant. The other witches complained that they wanted a turn and they wanted to get pregnant as soon as possible. Irina managed and directed the orgy, and kept casting a spell to get me hard again. At some point for whatever reason all four of them were licking my cock at the same time. Time shifted forward and they came back to help see me again. I was cured and no longer had a penis, but they still wanted to have an orgy. Each was sporting a little baby bump and proudly announced that I had sired their next baby.

Somehow they knew they would have futanari daughters. They also said they were going to send them away so that they could grow up quickly. Somehow I knew they meant a time warp of some sort, maybe a spaceship or magic, I didn't really understand.
