 © Orion's Stories

Dr. Michelle Crockett re-examined her notes one more time, trying to discover the failure of her department. The department was called Temporal physics and investigations and dealt in time travel. Not the time travel in the normal since, but on the psionic level. It would allow someone to see history unfold through the eyes of someone living during that time.

Their first test was a failure due to the death of her lab assistant Mark. Now she had to find out what happed that went so wrong. Everything seemed to work so well with the catastrophe happening without warning. But now if she could not find the answer they were going to terminate the entire project. Michelle would not allow that to happen even if it meant strapping herself into the chair and going in. And she would of course, to find the failure that caused a death. If for no other reason than to prove that the equipment was truly safe. Finally giving up in disgust Dr. Crockett entered the test arena.

Everything was set to automatic as she slid into the large padded chair. Everyone else had gone home hours before, but Michelle reclined the chair to place her head directly between the psionic receptors. On the arm of the chair directly under her fingers was a large red stop button. This allowed the observer to stop the test at any time.

Padded clamps lifted from the chair circling her wrists, ankles, waist, and chest. For the experiment to work the subject had to remain very still. Moving could disrupt the test and there was no telling what it would do to the subject.

The temporal scanners have already singled out a young woman's psionic trail, and the computers were setting up the connection. The time was the mid 1800's... the target area was near Salem Mass, North American region. The girl was Constance Reilly, there was an electronic hum then blackness...

Slowly sight returned to her. She saw log homes and rough hewed lumber everywhere. A crowd gathered around wearing clothing as ancient as the buildings looked. I made it Michelle thought, I can see what she is seeing. Then she noticed the sounds of the angry mob.

But Michelle was not concerned about how they sounded right now. In all of her research they never thought they would also pick up sounds. But now she was feeing other things as well. The hot sun overhead, the warm breeze, and the smell of rich vegetation near by.

Wait this is to much. The psionic invasion went to deep. Michelle turned her head and her point of view also changed. She looked up seeing a wonderfully clear blue sky then back to the crowd. No! I can't be in control. I should only be an observer!!!

Ouch! Something hurt her foot. Or was it Constance's foot that hurt? Glancing down Michelle saw that her host was indeed barefoot and was walking on gravel. She also saw that her dress hung from her like rags and iron bands circled her ankles and were connected by chain.

Michelle / Constance lifted her hands and saw heavy iron cuffs and chains there as well. She now recognised the person before her. He was the town constable and he was pulling her along with a chain leash. Michelle as Constance found herself being lead to a pillory in the center of town. She stood numbly as the chains were removed from her wrists only to have her head and wrists placed through the hoops of the stocks. The top half of the stocks was closed trapping the young girl with in.

The post supporting the pillory was uncomfortably tall for Constance forcing her to tip toe to keep from choking. The town magistrate stepped forward lifting her head by the hair. Pulling her head up harshly.

Constance Reilly, he said, you are accused of being a witch.

No!!!! Michelle screamed, as she struggled against the pillory. She never heard the rest of the magistrates words over the crowds shouting. Her dress was grabbed from behind and the remaining rags were torn from her.

There was a swish and a burning pain like lightening. Whoosh, snap, it struck again. It was the strike of a whip. Not the five lashed one carried by the magistrate, but a single strap. It was the kind used in guiding domesticated animals, with eighteen feet of braided leather.

Mercifully Constance fainted from the pain never feeling the rest of the twenty strokes. The horrifying part was that Michelle experienced every stroke and was powerless to stop it.

Is this what happened to Mark, she wondered? If she herself was feeling the whip could he have died when his host died?

He was observing Abraham Lincoln at the Ford theater on the night of the assassination. Was he connected when the bullet killed the former president? Also if for now I am this girl and sharing everything so totally can that also happen to me??????

Michelle panicked, struggling against the chairs restraining cuffs. The stop button forgotten for now as she fought wildly.

Consciousness slowly returned to Constance. She was still locked within the stocks with chains on her feet, the ruined remains of her dress on the ground around her. Her tortured back burnt like fire from the whipping and the crowd had moved off.

Some children played nearby. She tried to beg water from them but her mouth would not form words. An iron bit wrapped in raw-hide had been placed into her mouth while unconscious and secured behind her head. She could do little but whimper in misery as the straps securing the bit were well out of her limited reach.

The children noticed her renewed struggles and came over circling her. Constance was only eighteen and only slightly older than some of them. She had run and played with them only last week. Several of the younger ones took up switches and began to sting her bare legs and backside. Just as she herself had done time and again to someone in her position.

The oldest boy stood before her enjoying her torment, but Constance / Michelle could see little except for his polished boots. He was Tibias, and three months her junior. He had also tried to court her but her family had refused every time.

Turning her head to see him Constance saw his smile and hung her head in shame. She twisted wildly trying to hide from the switches being used on her crying in misery.

Tibias leaned in close to her ear, you should never have refused me, he whispered. Then he turned on his heel and stomped off.

Constance was in torment and failed to understand what he meant. But the observer Michelle caught the significance of his statement.

Oh how Michelle wanted to scream and tell him just what she thought of him. The bastard did this to her just because she spurned his advances. It was a good thing that the raw-hide covered bit prevented her from talk. Without it she would have screamed out a string of obscenities, some of which had not been invented yet!!!

Be off with ye little heathens, a deep voice bellowed, lest she hexes the lot of you. The children screamed and ran off dropping their switches as they ran.

Constance collapsed as she was released from the stocks. The constable lifted her to her feet, placing the iron shackles back on her wrists.

Michelle / Constance found herself being lead to a block house used for keeping prisoners. She had to be carried up the stairs as she was too weak to climb. This was a place she feared even more than the stocks. This room never failed to get a confession.

A large wooden cross lay on the floor and she was laid atop of it. Her arms were pulled wide and iron bands were placed around her wrists and bolted together securing them to the cross. More bands were placed around her ankles and bolted in place as well as another at her waist.

The would be witch could not move at all as two halves of a metal band were wrapped around her head and bolted together. As the bolt tightened Constance felt the pressure on her skull. If they had chosen Constance was sure that the band could crush her skull. The pain was terrible and they stopped before killing her.

There were two men hidden in the shadows waiting for the constable to finish. Now they pulled on the chains lifting the cross to an upright position. They kept lifting her until the base of the cross was a foot from the floor.

It was at that time that the victim and the observer discovered the iron shaft between her thighs. It was foot long and two inches wide. Perhaps it was meant as a weight support but it pressed on a very delicate area.

The young prisoner cried out in pain. Panicking she struggled to lift herself from the iron shaft. Bound as she was her arms were of little help, and there was nothing under her feet to stand on. The iron shaft was her primary means of support and all of her struggling only settled her firmly atop of it.

Desperately the tortured girl tried to beg for mercy, but the bit in her mouth again prevented this.

Michelle was wild in the test chair back in the lab. She also felt the blinding tortures being imposed on the poor girl. Yet for some reason unknown to the scientist she did not break the connection. Holding on in morbid fascination, sharing the girls tortures hour after hour.

Constance was again brought out in the morning. She was again chained hand and foot, the raw-hide bit still in place. She was to weak to stand so she knelt at the constables feet. Naked and helpless she awaited the magistrates judgment.

For the first time in days the bit was removed so that she could talk. Constance Reilly, the magistrate said, how do you respond to the charges of witchcraft?

Her voice was weak and cracked several times before she found the words. If it so pleases you good sir than I must be as you say, a witch, Constance confessed.

You say this of your own will, he asked?

Yes, Constance said, desperate to end her suffering.

The magistrate smiled, Now say truthfully, are there others of your coven present?

Constance was about to shake her head no when Michelle saw a familiar face. Yes I do my lord, she said through Constance. There is another present, right here among you.

The crowd gasped, a woman screamed, a few laughed.

Constance lifted her chained hands and pointed right at Tobias, He is the leader of our coven she said.

Tobias gasped, That is preposterous sir. I am no witch.

We shall see about that, The magistrate said. You stand accused by a witch of your own coven, the magistrate said, one who has confessed in accordance to the law. How do you plead?

She lies, Tobias said, I am no witch. Force the truth from her, Tobias said.

Michelle turned her head to him saying, They already have.

She is lying good sir, can you not see that, Tobias said sounding a bit less confident?

Prove to me this lie or you will burn at her side at sundown, the noble man said.

Constance's voice grew stronger, Prove my guilt and prove your own, she said ominously.

What say you, The magistrate asked again?

For the first time his life Tobias knew fear as Michelle spoke again, you tried to court me but my father refused you.

Yes, Tobias answered.

You became angry about it, the young witch said almost whispering.

Yes, he answered again.

For that you accused me of being a witch, she said her voice failing again.

Tobias was quiet now, either way he was in a lot of trouble.

The magistrate stood before Tobias, You are her accuser and now you stand accused. Either you are both witches or you have wrongly given false witness against this girl, which is it to be?

Tobias was visibly shaking now, I...I gave... He stammered, I gave false witness because she refused me, my lord, Tobias said.

Constance's family ran to her side. Kaleb her father slowly approached Tobias. He drew back his hand to strike but another held it back. It was Jacob, the young mans father.

No Kaleb, he said, this is my boy. Without warning Jacob back handed his son across the face knocking him flat. From this day on, he told the boy, you are as nothing to me.

The magistrate stepped forward, Tobias, you have until sundown to be clear of the village. And tomorrow to be out of the district or you will suffer the fate this unfortunate girl nearly did. Justice is done he said turning his back on the boy.

Michelle pressed the stop button ending the experience. Thank god everything worked out. At least now we know what happened to Mark and we can make the right adjustments now.

Three months later Constance had recovered from her ordeal. She rested on the bank of a small stream with her feet in the cool water. A withered plant was near her. With one finger she gently stroked the leaves of the plant quickly bringing the wild rose to full bloom.

Tobias had been right, she was a witch. But she could only affect nature not people or animals. But that was her little secret.

End.