 All persons 18+. This chapter is a continuation of a story line that involves supernatural female characters and futanari (dick girls). Please bear with the build up, the tone of the narration will change as everything falls into place. Mention of any particular social media platforms is not an endorsement to use them, and not sponsored. This is a work of fiction, any resemblance to real persons is purely coincidental.

*****

I was just too blissed out to think straight. I took a few sensuously deep breaths as I lay motionless on the soft bed. I had just received the best fuck of my life. I watched the headlights play across the ceiling from Denny's car pulling out of the driveway, and then I reached for a pillow to prop my head up. I heard Irina suggesting I quit my job, but I wasn't listening. Instead I looked over to her and realized that this had been my first threesome.

It had not been a free for all of bodies mashing together. Mostly, Irina watched, and I had been comfortable with that.

Denny had been amazing. Thirty minutes of straight pounding with that long thick cock of his, my hands on my thighs just to keep him from bottoming out too hard.

I saw Irina looking at me with a satisfied smirk and I just giggled and closed my eyes, and tried to commit to memory everything that had happened while he was screwing me, only to realize I had been pretty far gone much of the time. I had been conscious, but cumming and moaning the entire time. After a two month drought, I supposed that was to be expected, but I was still a bit shocked by just how good it had felt.

"Hey, Earth to Jeanie," Irina said, gently shaking my foot. "Shower?"

"Sounds like a plan," I said, blinking away the dreamy delights in my mind's eye. I felt a pang of soreness when I got to my feet, and felt it diminishing slightly with each step. I smiled and hoped it would come back with a vengeance in the morning.

"Where's the shower?" I asked.

"Right this way," she said. She led me to a luxurious bathroom and flipped on the lights.

"Whoa!" I said, noting the jacuzzi and the shower stall with multiple shower heads. The walls were yellow and the floor was done in warm reddish tile. "This lady has a jacuzzi?"

"Yup! Wanna try it?"

"Ah, sounds nice, but I just need a quick rinse. You don't mind if I crash here tonight?"

"You better be staying," Irina said. "After all, I only brought you here so that I could jump your bones. Do you need me to keep you company in the shower? Maybe soap your back?"

"Ha ha. I think I've had all the fun I can handle. You looked like you came a few times too."

"Oh, five or six. Watching you two fuck was hot as hell."

"I'm glad you liked the show. You impressed the hell out of me too with that move you pulled on the side of the bed. I thought he was trying to fuck your stomach."

"Oh, he just about was," Irina smirked. "I wish I could have seen some of the looks on your face when he was on top of you."

"Oh well, the mask was your idea. Nothing wrong with it though, I mean, I felt better being offered up to him like a sex treat when he couldn't see my face." Irina let out a sharp laugh at this, but did not retort. "Now that I know him better, if, um, if there's a next time Denny, let's skip the mask. I wouldn't mind him getting to know me."

"Oh, well I'm glad you think so. He's very special to me. Anyhoo, here's where the towels are. I'm going to go use the guest shower. See you after."

"Thanks Iri, and please don't think I'm some kind of slut. I just wanted-"

"Of course I don't think that. I can only wonder what you think of me! Look, we can talk about it later, okay?"

"Okay."

It got me thinking about Irina. Although it's true that I often wondered if she was part slut and the rest whore, I was truly impressed with what she had become over the past year. She would be nineteen in less than a month, and she was leagues ahead of other girls her age in terms of her network, her sexual maturity and sheer prowess. I suspected Irina had lovers who had taught her much about the carnal arts, or such was my imagination.

I on the other hand had no network, I was a loner. Not a loner exactly, but I would rather have a few close friends than more friends than I could keep up with. As for my own prowess, I felt I had a lot to learn. I had learned little from the handful of needy, premature-ejaculating high-school lovers I had been with, and still comparatively little from the one slightly older boyfriend I had dated until two months hence.

When he dumped me, I was on the ropes, falling behind on my bills. Yet Irina had friends who let her have the run of a luxurious place like this. She also had a pretty nice car, nicer than mine. She seemed to have it all figured out.

I tried to remember the little blonde from high school, but there wasn't much to go by. Glimpses of her, that was all I could recall. The fact was, I basically ignored all freshmen and sophomores when I was a senior. I was so sick of high school bullshit anyway, I couldn't wait to get out of there. After we graduated, she started to really gain in popularity, which meant she was way ahead of the curve with her people connections. Could that explain how she got her car and her apartment? Her parents had not been rich enough to help her out that much, she had three older siblings and her parents were from Ukraine.

For that matter, how did she learn to deep throat so well? When did she find a guy like Denny who was hung like a porn star and would cheerfully swing by to fuck one of her straight friends, just so that she could watch?

Yes, there was no doubt she had very sexually active friends who guided her along the path and introduced her to guys like Denny, I realized. Even if she was kind of acting out as a slut, she had it very well and she had tons of smoking hot girlfriends, too.

I had to admit, until now I thought I knew the girl. I hadn't known anything.

I turned off the shower and my mind flashed back to the time I met her. We might have bumped into each other before, but we became friends that day. It was autumn and still sweltering hot. I usually ran in the park next to my old school where the tall trees afforded some shade. She ran laps on the track. When I passed the track, I noticed the same blonde running there several days in a row, and I realized that we both seemed to work out at the same time.

It was clear she recognized me as well. If she saw me she would wave and smile really big. I admit I didn't wave back at first, but once I had begun to recognize her day after day, I waved back. She grinned and headed over to the doorway in the fence, and came to jog alongside. She was friendly and confident. After the crummy breakup, I needed a friend.

After the run we stopped by the fruit smoothie place by the basketball courts to sip an ice cold drink and cool off. It became a regular thing after our workouts. We started meeting at the basketball courts before our workouts so that we could run together. She was a sprinting fanatic but she said she also had to work on long distance like me. I preferred her easy company to running alone. She was the first fast friend I had made since I left high school, and she had acted like my innocent little groupie.

Now, thinking back on all of it, I had to wonder. Had she been targeting me?

I stopped the multiple massaging showerheads with a satisfying tug on the lever. I squeezed out my long brown hair and let my body drip before reaching for a towel, and realized with chagrin that I had been too lost in my thoughts to enjoy the luxury that surrounded me. I wore the plush towel into the living room to find my things, and changed into my pajamas. Soon after, Irina walked into the living room wearing a cute set of red and green flannels. She went to the kitchen and returned with a couple of tall glasses of water.

"I love a cold night where I can wear warm pajamas like this," she said.

"Me too. Thank you," I said appreciatively, taking a few gulps of the refreshing water. Irina sat down on the love seat, whereas I was seated at one end of the sofa cradling the glass in both hands. After comfortable silence, I spoke.

"So like, what's this big secret?"

"Hmm? What secret?"

"I don't know. Remember you asked me about whether I believe in the supernatural?"

"Oh. Are you still thinking about that?" She smiled and stroked some of her towel dried blonde hair back from her face and behind her ear.

"Yeah, it's just that there's so much to you that I never knew about. Come on girl, tell me, what's your secret?"

She sighed with frustration.

"I want to tell you, so badly," she said, clasping and unclasping her hands. "Suffice to say, you want your life to look a little more like mine?"

"I'd say!"

She nodded.

"And you'd like to hang out with me and my friends?"

"Sure. But-" I broke off my sentence. I was going to say that I didn't want to meet a whole ton of new people, but I suspected that attitude would seem childish to her. I would have to let that hang up go at some point.

"I'll introduce you to my good friends Lucille and Morgana. I want you to make a good impression with them." She was clasping her hands even more tightly, and I could tell she was having difficulty choosing her words. What happened to the cool Irina I had thought I found?

"Okay, so how do I make a good impression with them?"

Irina thought about it for a moment. "I have an idea," she said. "But it's going to take a lot of guts," and then she began to weave a plot with me on how to quit my job and teach my boss a lesson that, right or wrong, he would never forget.

********

Twelve hours later, we strolled out of my old workplace arm in arm, as quite a few of my former colleagues applauded and cheered us. It had been quite the coup.

Here is how it went down. I showed up three hours late, without even bothering to call in, accompanied by Irina who was dressed in tight jeans and a designer jacket. My boss, the repugnant troll of a man who calls himself Wynan Bixby, asked me into the office to scold me. He threatened my job and told me that the economic slow down made it very easy to find a replacement. Irina waited outside with my co-workers and made small talk, but after a minute she had them come over to Wynan's door to try to eavesdrop.

In the office with him, door closed and blinds drawn, I "assumed" he was going to fire me before he had gotten that far. I begged on my knees to keep my job, with my eyebrows tented in fear and pleading. I must have done a very convincing job of acting, because when I told him I would do anything to keep my job and placed my hands on his inner thighs, he grunted and smiled and gave a single nod.

I went to the door to pretend to lock it, and then I put the moves on him. Soon I had him with his trousers pooling around his loafers, his smelly prick hanging limp between his thighs.

"So if I blow you, just this once, I get to keep my job?" I asked, doe-eyed and innocent.

"Yes, that's the deal" he grunted. "Could you maybe undo your blouse a little, too? I just want a better view-"

That's I punched him in the balls.

"I don't think so. I quit!" I shouted, but I was almost completely drowned out by his agonized roar.

That was Irina's cue. She flung the door wide open to let everyone see what was going on. Wynan was doubled over in his executive office chair with his pale hairy legs bare and exposed, groaning like a stuck pig. I strode away purposefully heading for the exit.

Murmurs broke into yells of shock and one of my friends cracked a joke, and all of a sudden I was a hero.

"Come on girlfriend, we better get out of here," I said as I passed my blonde bestie and hurried out of the office.

"What's the rush? Like I said, we'll be fine," she said, taking my arm and slowing me down. "Bask in the glory for a minute. Hear the congratulations from your co-workers. That took a hell of a lot of courage!"

"I did it, didn't I?" I said. "Why did you say I had to punch him in the balls? Doesn't that mean I could get arrested?"

"You'll be fine, trust me. Sure, he could charge you for assault, but he won't! The guy would risk himself getting arrested just for calling the cops and trying to tell his side of the story. It also brings the police into a quid pro quo situation, and he will think twice about that. His balls will stop aching, and he'll get over it."

We were walking down the street and I had to stop Irina and say something face to face.

"You made this possible," I told her. "Gosh, it feels so good to be free!"

"It's good to see you this happy," she said, taking my arm and leading me on. "You did all the hard stuff though."

We stopped at a café and drank hot cocoa, and we agreed to go for a run the next day. I couldn't stop thinking about the good Irina had done for me.

With the little tart stuck on my brain, I decided to poke my nose around in her subscriber service again later that afternoon.

As I mentioned earlier, Irina had given me a ConnectPal username and password. Watching her actual account had been hot, super fucking hot, but I had also felt ashamed of myself for orgasming while watching videos that featured her. I felt the same type of guilt this time around. Then again, I spotted Denny in one of the videos and my pussy got so wet remembering how good his cock had felt stretching my buttery pussy.

I felt ashamed as I worked my clit ferociously to a video of him fucking Irina. After a guilty and somewhat disappointing orgasm, I decided to see what other content Irina had given me access to. I was in for a bit of a shock.

The next account there was for a bisexual porn star I had never heard of, and it had high production value clips. Much of it was girl girl, which did absolutely nothing for me. So I took a peek in the other subscription, which was for Lucille.

I knew Lucille to be one third of Irina's inner circle, with the other member being Morgana. Lucille's videos were for transsexual fetishes. I didn't care for it but I poked around mainly to see if I could learn something about the blonde. Lucille had shiny blonde locks and an hourglass figure with a very narrow waist and DD-sized funbag breasts and a perky teenager's bubble butt. All of that looked like a California girl porn starlet destined for greatness, but she had what appeared to be a very realistic and strapless prosthetic cock that she wore in every one of her videos. Although her videos didn't do much for me and the photography was unrefined, I still couldn't believe how realistic the special effects were. The cock twitched and bucked when she came, and the foreskin moved just like the real thing.

While it all looked very real, the climaxes were a dead giveaway. I mean, no one cums that much. She sprayed copious gouts of white jizz all over girls once she was done fucking them, sometimes multiple facial cumshots in the same scene. There had to be a little hose and a reservoir, and someone pumping it out in a way that simulated a spurting cock, but they were well hidden.

Lucille's videos sometimes included Irina and Morgana, as well as a few other girls who I was unfamiliar with. It was a fairly disgusting fetish in my eyes, and I definitely could not watch Irina involved in something like that. I just thought it a little disturbing that so many guys out there might be into that thing that a pretty girl like Lucille would seek to corner the market on their fetish. Frustrated, I closed out my web browser and went to bed.

My dreams were troubled by images of Lucille and her massive rubber cock, spurting slimy cum all over me and my friends. In my dream it was a real cock and real hot cum, and we fought over the spurting spigot, trying to drink our fill. Lucille just kept cumming, until were each covered in cum and our bellies had been filled to the point that they were looking quite rounded. Some time later in the dream, we had somehow all become impregnated from drinking so much cum.

The next morning I met up with Irina for our run. After the run, we got our traditional smoothies (my treat of course) and, after chatting about nothing in particular, I decided to bring up Lucille.

"Your friend Lucille, I saw some of her work. She's got some very realistic equipment."

Irina chuckled.

"I'd almost like to see how it works," I went on. "If she wouldn't mind."

"Well, I'm sure she'd be happy to provide a demonstration," Irina replied smoothly. "Lucille is a good friend of mine. Also Morgana, the lady who owns that place down in Destin, is curious to meet you."

"Me?"

"Well, yeah! To be honest, I can't stop raving about you, so in a way I think they know you. Only good things, of course. You don't mind, do you?"

"Wow! No, not at all!" I said.

"Great, because I think you are the right fit for our little group. Morgana has already approved of me inviting you to join us."

"Morgana? So, it sounds like she's the leader and the money of the group."

Irina nodded. "I don't have money for a house like hers, but I'm working on it."

"What exactly does this group do?" I just hoped it wasn't primarily porn.

"You'll have to wait and find out, but we help each other out in much the same way I helped you out."

"Why all the secrecy?" I asked. "Is it something illegal?"

"If it were simply illegal, don't you think I would have told you by now?" Irina smirked.

"I dunno, some illegal shit is pretty cold. I wouldn't want to be involved."

"What we did to Wynan was pretty cold, eh?" Irina retorted.

"True, but that was his own fault," I said.

"Maybe, but you instigated it. No man could resist that temptation."

"Really?"

"If you dropped to your knees in front of me I wouldn't stand a chance, either."

"Oh Irina, you're too sweet!" I said after a slight chuckle. "I appreciate your friendship, and sometimes I think, well, you know."

"Think what?" Irina asked.

"Uh, nothing. I just think you're a good friend, and it would be awesome if I could give you the thing, uh, that you want. You're a very attractive girl, and I think we would make a great looking couple," I confessed, and forced a giggle.

"That's very sweet of you to say," Irina said, gazing at me with her deep blue eyes. "I'm just really glad you did."

"Not that you have to wait on me. You have so many girlfriends already, after all. Morgana and Lucille are both lesbian, right?"

"More or less. If you joined our group you'd be the only straight girl, at least for a little while."

"For a little while? Plan on doing some more recruiting among straight girls?"

"Oh no. I mean, since you say you want to be turned, we'd see about making that happen."

"Haha! Wait, are you serious?" I put down my drink and looked at Irina, who shrugged and smirked.

"I could, and," she grinned and looked up from her smoothie, "I've got plans to do just that."

"How?" I scoffed. "Are the three of you gonna tie me down to a bed and tongue-fuck me till I turn gay?" We both laughed. Irina bust a gut and I surmised that whatever she had in mind, at least it wouldn't be that.

"Don't worry Jeanie, I won't jump your bones until you're begging for it. I'm just glad you told me that. It means a lot to me. Fuck! This is going to be so amazing!"

"Irina, you are sounding a little crazy-"

"Morgana didn't want me to do anything without your volition."

"Huh? As if you could turn me without my wanting it."

"You just said you wanted it."

"Whoa whoa Irina, I was just kidding. There's simply no way you can turn me gay, so let's just agree to forget about it."

"Oh come on! I'll make you a bet. Besides when you said it, it didn't sound like a joke to me."

"Well, yeah, I want to be attracted to you," I said, blushing. "It's just beyond the realm of possibility."
