 "Erica, are you alright?" I asked.

"I hope that was the money shot," she mumbled. She groaned and smiled up at me.

I laughed and hugged her, but she stayed on the ground.

"Can you move? Does it hurt?" I asked.

"I'm fine, really, but I don't feel like moving," she replied, still smiling. "Can't I just lay here a while?"

I looked at her, and glanced around. The tentacle demon seemed docile and the four succubi were accepting and donning Xurknod's control collars. Things were about to calm down, unless...

The four collared succubi in our hotel room turned to me, running their hands all over their statuesque naked bodies and beginning to dance for my carnal attention.

"No time to lie down," I warned Erica. "We've still got demons!"

"Alright, time to get this party started," the diminutive demon said. He clapped his tiny clawed hands, and some sexy metal music started to play. "Who wants to fuck a succubus and not get hurt in the process? Jeanie, you're up! Congratulations!"

"I think we've had quite enough for now, actually," I shouted over the music. "Give us a break, will you?"

"I need that spirit energy, Jeanie. Tomorrow may be too late!" Xurknod pleaded over the din of his own music, using his hands to emphasize his every word.

Erica lightly stroked my shafts with both hands, a naughty gleam in her eye. It seemed Erica was not nearly as wiped out as she had appeared a moment ago, or I had subconsciously rejuvenated her. Either way, the succubi were far too tempting to pass up.

The succubi happily did all the work, and we just lay there on our backs enjoying their expert ministrations. I forgot everything else, until about ten minutes later, I received a telepathic message from Morgana.

Jeanie! Are you okay?

I'm fine! Erica and I killed Brandeis, squashed him like a bug.

Praise the goddess! We're all outside the hotel, we were about to crash the place. Who is there with you? Anything I should know?

Well, Brandeis summoned a homunculus named Xurknod, who obeys me now if I put my foot down. The warlock also summoned four succubi, including the two succubi that busted down your front door in Florida. All of them have control collars on so not to worry. Xurknod has a Hornunckthulide, which is like a tentacle demon, and it's also in here but it seems to be sated, and Erica laid like forty or fifty of its eggs, and they're all over the place here.

Jeanie, I'm impressed. No sex witch would have gotten out of that situation on top. Morgana telepathed.

So what do we do about all these demons that have been left over?

Well Jeanie, I've never kept a demon as a retainer, but it sounds like such allies might be very useful, especially Xurknod. The thing is, I need to figure out a way to keep them hidden from the knights for now. I'll ask the knights to stay down here, assuming I can come up with a code-friendly excuse. Actually, see if you can get those demons to hide, just in case the knights do come up.

Okay, I'll see what I can do! I replied.

"Xurknod, we have company, and the party really is over now. There might be some knights too, so I need you all to hide, quick!"

"A witch with knight friends? What kind of knights, Dreadknights I hope? Deathknights, perhaps? You know the kind with the huge serrated clabbard, and-"

"Neither of those! They're super noble Faroldian Knights. I think they have it out for demons, and would try to kill all of you. Xurknod, I'm telling you I can't stop them and they're coming this way!"

"Not to worry, Mistress, I'll tuck all of your servants in a pocket dimension so that where I go, they'll always be at hand. Just don't forget who to thank."

"Keep reminding me of how you are getting fifty percent, Xurknod, and I might change my mind about the whole deal," I said, but he pretended not to be listening. I didn't really know why I would want tentacle demons and dozens of tentacle eggs "on hand" but chose not to argue further.

Actually, I was rather impressed that the tiny demon seemed to have a lot of power in store. He waved his tiny hands and a glowing purple tear in space appeared beside the Hornunckthulide. It went first, squirming to fit its bulk through the luminous purple dimensional tear. As it disappeared, Xurknod telekinetically lifted the eggs, and they floated single file into the portal after their mother (or father?). The succubi stepped into the tear last, and they each looked so sexy as they blew kisses to us before they made their way through the tear, either stepping through one leg at a time or diving through headfirst. In under a minute, Xurknod was the only demon left. Instead of going through the portal, he closed it and turned himself invisible.

"Jeanie, that's all I can take," Erica moaned blissfully. "Getting head from a succubus is so fucking amazing though!"

"It is," I agreed, trying to do the responsible thing and get dressed. After a brief search, I found my clothes, stuck to the floor and soaked with cum.

"Um, Zerky, can you help me with this?"

"Zerky?!" the invisible demon said with an indignant tone.

"Yes, as I recall you are my servant. I demean you and order you about, you call me mistress, or do we want to just forget the whole thing?"

"Why mistress, I must have missed that in the fine print," Xurknod said sarcastically, reminding me that we only had a tenuous oral contract. He pointed at my clothes, and with a hoovasta cleaning cantrip they were clean again.

Erica's clothes were torn to shreds, not to mention soiled with Hornunckthulide fluids, but Xurknod magically mended and cleaned her dress in half a jiffy.

We're here Jeanie. I left the boys downstairs. Let's take a look at the damage.

Morgana magically unlocked the door and stepped in, followed by the rest of the coven. She took a look around the hotel room. The place was a mess, and they demanded to know where Brandeis was. I pointed to the floor and soon Irina, Lucille, and Karina were standing over the body of the squished goldfish. They stared at it for a few solemn moments.

"Is this really him?" Morgana asked.

"There were no goldfish in the room until Brandeis became one," Erica said.

"You turned him into a goldfish," Lucille marveled. "Remind me not to piss you off." We all chuckled at that, but it was a sobering thought.

"It was a full physical polymorph, the most extreme form of fleshcraft. It's truly awesome," Morgana said in a hushed voice, coming to look down at the squished fish with the others.

"It must have been an adrenaline rush," I shrugged sheepishly. "I kind of went berserk when his charm wore off."

"So did I, I stomped on him," Erica blushed.

"I'm glad you did," Morgana said, then she turned back to me. "His charm wore off, you say? How?"

"I heard my cell phone, it was my dad's ring tone - oh shit! I gotta call him."

Morgana decided to attempt to make the room normal again, and make the glass wall back to sheet rock and steel. Irina rushed up to me and hugged me fiercely.

"I'm so sorry for getting mad at you!" she said, tears in her eyes. "I know it was just Brandeis, he was controlling you."

"There's nothing to forgive, baby. I would have been just as mad if you bailed on me. Congratulations on your new knight. I wish I could have been there for the ceremony. Oh!"

Lucille handed me my phone.

"Here, I fixed it for you."

She had used a mending cantrip to erase the damage that had been caused when Rashiva had thrown it against the wall.

"Cool! Thanks, beautiful! I need to make a call." I excused myself from the hubbub in the room, and stepped out onto the hotel balcony, and called my dad back.

"Oh, Jeanie?"

"Hi dad, sorry I missed your call. Are you okay?"

"Haha! I'm fine, could not be better. I was getting worried about you though. Are you still in Bermuda?"

"Yeah, but I'm fine. How's Cheryl?"

"She's here, we just had dinner."

"Where is here?"

"My place."

"Whoa. First you drop her off at her place, now she's at your place. So, are you two dating?"

"I didn't just drop her off. We cooked a meal together. We felt very domestic like, and I learned a lot about her. We respect each other. She's really special, Jeanie, and I keep pinching myself to see if I'm dreaming."

"You sound like you're in another world, Dad. Reminds me of when I was in high school, dreaming of romance."

"Sorry, but you asked."

"I don't mind hearing about it. Actually, I'm happy for you."

"Thank you, pumpkin. Hey, she asked me to tell Karina we say hi."

"Okay. Irina says hi too. Dad, I'm sorry for not calling sooner. I'll visit the next chance I get, okay?"

"Alright Jeanie. It will be just you and me next time, what do you say?"

"Well, if you want Cheryl around it won't bother me. You lucky dog."

"Jeanie!"

"Sorry daddy, but she's hot. You know I love you."

"I love you too. Thank you."

He had more to say but I sensed he would rather chat with me in person, so we finished up our goodbyes and then I came back inside. The room was back to normal, and the lights were on.

"You done? Let's get out of here," Lucille said. "I've got a hot date."

The entire mess had been whisked away by magic. All of the cum, slime, even years of stains and stubborn tracked in dirt were now out of the carpet. The whole place looked sparkling new.

"The van is waiting downstairs. Come on everybody," said Morgana, ushering us out of the room and shutting the door behind us.

***

Irina, Karina, and Morgana shared beds with their knights that night, so I slept with Erica. Erica surprised me by softly asking me for sex once more before we went to sleep.

Erica had a lovely behind, and I felt terribly about how much the demons and stretched it that night. I thought she would be traumatized about any kind of anal sex for a long time to come, so it came as a surprise to me as she hinted to me that I was more than welcome to fuck her ass. In no time, I had flipped her over and began plundering her pliant back door. She begged me to fill her up..

As we fucked, she kept asking me to make my cock bigger. Then she would quietly study the way I would stretch her stomach out with it, and follow the ever-moving bulge with her fingertips. I sensed she had something on her mind that she wanted to say, to confess. I came inside her and her already stretched belly expanded to contain all of the cum I was packing into her. As we rested and caught our breath, I asked her if something was bothering her. She said everything was wonderful.

I was tempted to read her mind, but could not. When my second wind came a few moments later, she encouraged me to go full strength and not hold anything back. I was fine with that, and I pinned her shoulders to the bed as I pounded her ass and thanked my lucky stars for this incredible girl.

She was still with me, even after all the warlock and the Hornunckthulide had done. I was fantasizing about the latter, as terrible as it sounds. I wanted to see Erica fucked senseless by it, but I didn't dream of mentioning that to anyone. As it turns out, my tastes had suddenly changed.

Every time I came in her, she begged for more. Her belly grew more swollen with cum and she gripped the bedsheets and wailed with passion. After pumping several massive loads of cum up her guts, she arched her back in exultation and cum came burbling and blasting out of her lips. She had a mind blowing orgasm and collapsed in a heap when we finished cumming.

"Y-you can keep going," she murmured. "I don't mind."

"Come on Erica, you're packed so full it's being forced out of your mouth. You don't have to do this."

"I appreciate your concern, but trust me, it's fine. Does it bother you?"

I paused then to think about it. Eventually I confessed that it did not bother me. "I think it's kind of hot."

"Jeanie! Oh do you?! I do too! Fucking fuck me like a sock! Fill me up!"

I got back on top of her and eased my cock into her tight back door. Then we started moving again, and with each thrust, a little splash of pearly cum was forced from Erica's lips. When I came, it poured out of her mouth in a torrent. I didn't stop there, however, and she urged me to keep fucking her and cumming and stuffing her full of cum. We changed positions a few times over the hour that followed but I kept her ass completely stuffed the entire time. We came more times than I can remember. Neither of us cared anymore that we were laying in a bed covered with cum.

Late that night, she asked me to use fleshcraft to modify her colon and digestion. I promised I would start in the morning, and she started telling me all of the changes she hoped I could make so that she could have a new digestive system that was efficient and self-cleaning. She hoped to have her ass clean and snug and always ready to accept my demanding, powerful futa cock. I promised her that we would try to do everything she imagined, and we could always change it more or even change it back. Then we literally went to sleep right there in the cummy mess, holding each other tight. It didn't even occur to me that something was wrong with us.

***

The following day, Kari and Morgana had a little chat with me about the warlock and they both decided I needed to get trained on my psychic defenses. Morgana sensed that I had untapped potential there and wanted to make sure I was not such an easy mark.

We stayed at the school for three more days, training our skills. Karina was anxious to get back to Eli, but she was the first to point out that we still had to perfect our abjuration counterspells or we would be a sitting duck for Medina outside of the sanctuary.

In the evenings Erica and I would lock ourselves in her room to play. Aside from sex, we had a little fleshcraft project we were working on. We were trying to radically alter and improve her digestive system. I learned in college about evolution and read somewhere that our digestive tract was a big old mess. Hundreds of millions of years of evolution had our digestive systems more or less horizontal, and then we had to go and stand upright.

We took a few more minutes to talk about what we wanted to achieve, and a few hours making and testing all the changes. After a little experimentation, I duplicated the design on myself. It started with rebuilding the stomach as a terminus capable of absorbing all ingested solids and liquids. This in turn eliminated the need for the small and large intestines, so I took those out. However, we wanted to keep the anus for sex, and I connected it all the way up to the esophagus in a straight line. This tube had a valve to keep food from entering it, and provide nerve endings to enhance the pleasure of being fucked in the butt; the deeper the better.

After a day of a new digestive tract, we still had some bugs to work out. I found that three smaller stomachs with more individualized chemistry were far more effective than one. Only then could we get literally everything liquefied, plus we eliminated bacteria, gas, and odors altogether. We needed a far more adapted kidney and liver to cope with the materials we were digesting, so we changed that as well. The advantages to sanitation were absolutely incredible, not to mention our appetites were much more manageable. I was embarrassed to mention the changes, even to my coven sisters, but I figured the right time would present itself and I would do the same for them as well.

These changes were all easier said than done. For one thing, I had to redesign the diaphragm around this tunnel. I also had to change the kidneys and the liver, improving their function dramatically. Little did I know but Erica's liver was so powerful, she became resistant to poison.

On that third day of training following the incident with Brandeis, I realized that I had not seen or heard from my pet homunculus for days. It was during a break after we all sat down to take one of Karina's written tests. While we were being graded, I followed Morgana to the ladies' room and asked her about it.

"Zerky the demon not around? I would be surprised if he were. There are wards against evil demons on these grounds. He can't set foot in here."

"Maybe we should go meet up with him?"

"What for? I'm sure he's just waiting patiently outside."

"Are you sure that's okay?"

"Nothing is ever certain. Why, something bothering you?"

"No, well, maybe it is. I wanted to ask him something, that's all."

"Ask him? If you have questions, you should come to me first, Jeanie. Demons are not to be trusted."

"Oh! Right," I chuckled sheepishly. "I'm worried that he might get into trouble all on his own."

"Alright, I can see how that might worry you."

"How do I find him so that I can talk with him about that?"

Morgana looked at me with suspicion.

"You'd best not talk to him on your own. I want to meet this little cretin as well, and give him a piece of my mind for making you worry." Morgana said.

"Oh!" I said, a little taken aback by Morgana's simple offer. "Actually-"

"Jeanie, this is important to me too. Let's go find him. I'll ask the girls to wait up and we'll scout around the perimeter. I'm sure he'll turn up in a hurry."

There was a reason I wanted to talk to Xurknod that I had not divulged to Morgana. As we walked out of the foyer and crossed the final dozen yards to the front gate, I stopped her.

"Morgana, there is something else I wanted to ask you, because I planned to ask him," I said. "He has this Hornunckthulide, and Erica and I were wondering if, like, how well he can control it, because it doesn't have a control collar."

"Control it? Jeanie, sounds to me like you and Erica still want to have sex with that demon. It must have corrupted you."

"Well," I said sheepishly. "Maybe just a little."

"Is it you, or Erica? Who wants to fuck the Hornunckthulide?"

I stammered and felt my face flush red.

"Jeanie, out with it!"

"Erica," I said quietly. 

"Let me guess, and you want to watch. Now I know why you wanted to talk to him alone. Jeanie, I can't allow this. There are terrible consequences if you let even lesser demons have their way with you."

"What kind of consequences?"

"Corruption. Demonic corruption, as in you start to get off on weird things like having horns and a tail. Who knows, you might even start using fleshcraft to make yourself more demonic."

The significance of her words were not lost on me. "Can corruption be reversed? Is there a cure?" I asked.

"Of course, Jeanie. I didn't get to be a sex witch priestess without learning how to cleanse my own corruption. It's just that it takes time and concentration and willpower."

"Your own corruption? When did you, uh, get exposed to those-"

"I'll tell you some day, remind me," Morgana said. "Suffice to say, exposing myself to the risk of corruption was the only way for me to get spirit energy."

"Oh, I see." It must have been those rituals that I heard so little about.

"Now then," Morgana said, taking the tone of a family doctor, "Would you or Erica mind if I told you never to have sex with the Hornunckthulide again? Please be honest."

"Me, no," I said. "Erica though, she keeps asking me to let her try it again. She asked me to arrange for it with Xurknod two or three times already."

"Alright," Morgana said somewhat sternly. "We might need to look into purifying her. Thanks for bringing this to my attention. Any other surprises?"

"No. Yes, actually, but I don't know if this is actually corruption-related. I've been using fleshcraft on Erica and myself, I kinda gave our plumbing systems an overhaul." I stopped and explained everything to her.

"The only aspect of that which sticks out to me as inspired by corruption is how you seem to have engineered a way for cum to come out of the other end while you're having oral or anal sex," Morgana said.
