 This story involves the "dickgirl" fetish (a.k.a. futanari). If you are just joining this series, there is some recap of story, but it might be confusing. Characters are full adults, over age 18, no underage sex is implied or inferred.

***** 

I woke to the sweet sensation of sex. I found myself in Seneca Vivi, with Irina and Karina rising and falling in my lap. They were facing one another kissing and rubbing their bodies together while riding my two prodigious cocks. Their clits were bumping together as they bounced on me to their own independent rhythms. Judging by their moans and sighs, they were just getting warmed up.

I thought waking up doesn't get much better than that. Then Morgana came and snuggled in next to me, resting her warm bare breasts against my arm. Even better, I thought.

"Looks like that one worked. Are you finally back with us?" she asked.

"Ah! Back with you? I'm awake," I groaned with pleasure.

"Good," she said, stealing a kiss from my lips. "You're welcome."

"What happened?" The last thing I remembered was being out in the courtyard partying with the elves. Things were fairly hazy, but I knew I had started drinking moderately.

"You got a little tipsy and blacked out."

"I was unconscious?"

"Sort of. You sure looked like you were having fun though. I was afraid you wouldn't remember, at least not right away. Whew, it's kind of a relief I guess. Anyway, it's good to have you back with us. We ought to get going."

"Why?" I asked.

"Well, for one thing, we can't spend too long dwelling in the outer planes. I try to limit my visits here to a week at most. Besides, we have plans and there isn't much time to lose. Ashante is headed to the Rogers Estate, and she'll be done there in no time. We have to go make sure she gets back alright. Also, Lucille and Karina have things they are itching to accomplish on Earth, which we'll be able to do after we've dealt with Medina. Of course, we need to do some spell research. My Book of Light might help with some spells, but the fact is it's pretty thin on combat spells."

"Okay," I grunted. Karina and Irina were moaning, kissing and carrying on, making it very difficult not to cum, but I didn't want to inflate them with cum just yet, they were having too much fun. Still not fully awake, it hit me that Morgana mentioned combat.

"You think we can deal with Medina? In magical combat?"

"With training, yes. Probably maybe."

"Those are terrible odds, aren't they!"

"Odds or not, we have to try to save our skins. We have to try to be prepared. After that, we still need to keep a low profile."

"What about the other Unredeemed?"

"The elves here have things well in hand, and they are eager to get on with helping their sisters. They'll all be going through their pregnancies together after that. We already had you impregnate Shanara and Ashante. Shanara is fully cured, Ashante is getting her treatment right now. Also, I hope you enjoyed getting the rest of the Unredeemed pregnant, because the elves brought all of them here for you and you filled all of their wombs with cum, two by two."

"Ungh, sounds amazing," I moaned. "I don't remember anything. When did I get Shanara and Ashante pregnant?" I had really enjoyed that orgy with the two blonde elves and Cresania, and felt a pang of disappointment that I could not recall our most recent coupling.

"You don't remember, because you drank some elven wine," Morgana chuckled. "I had those two ride you like Irina and Karina are doing now. You came like a geyser. Don't worry, I think they really enjoyed it and will never forget you."

"You really think so?"

"Yes, the rest of the Unredeemed had a blast as well. Literally."

"We want a blast of cum too," Irina moaned.

"Yes, right in our fucking wombs!" Karina panted. "What if she got us pregnant again?" she giggled, and they both moaned excitedly as if it would be the best thing ever. I thought to myself that with the conception rate I had with the elves, that was a possibility. The thought sent me over the edge.

"Oh fuck!" I tried to hold back cumming. The started to fuck me in sync. In fact they were hugging and frenching each other wildly as they rode me with their tight young pussies. It was obvious that they were getting off on the idea of getting pregnant too. My balls ached with their full load and I was already squirting pre-cum into their wombs.

Just at that moment, Morgana stuck her warm wet tongue in my ear. I flinched at first, then accepted her tongue as I came that much harder. Our cries of ecstasy echoed off of the warmly lit white walls. I let loose completely, it was impossible to hold off any longer. I pumped a load into Karina and Irina's wombs. They cried out in ecstasy.

"I can feel it! I can feel her filling me!" Karina moaned.

"She's filling our wombs! I'm cumming!" Irina cried.

"I'm cumming too!" Karina cried.

I had a nice long orgasm, my cocks spasming and spurting cum for at least half a minute. Their spongy cervical openings seemed to clamp around my shafts and form a seal which prevented any cum from leaking out. I realized I had been deliberately running my cock through that tight ring, where I got the best and tightest sensation around the ridge of my cock head.

When I was done, their belles had rounded out, full of cum and rubbing against one another. Rather than get off of me, the pair started slowly riding me again.

"Ohh fuck, this must be heaven," I whispered, my cocks both springing to full hardness.

"Save some for me," Morgana chuckled, and began tongueing my ear again. I moaned with excitement.

"Hmm, I wonder if I should tell you," Morgana said, taking a respite from her oral ministrations.

"Tell me what?"

"Oh, well you know, how we're going about curing Ashante and what we had to do for Shanara."

"Tell me, I'd love to know."

"Shanara's fantasies were mostly too grim to entertain, or too complicated," Morgana murmured into my wet ear, "There was one easy one. We just needed someone to orally dominate her to the point where she was gagging and throwing up cum."

"Who did that?" I asked.

"Lucille, the dirty dog," Morgana replied. "It sounds easy enough, but she really had to strangle her to get her gag reflex to trigger. The girl's throat was almost bulletproof. She was a real sport about it though."

"Oh yeah, she can swallow any cock," I murmured. The mental image of her beautiful face, throating a cock expertly was already vivid in my mind's eye. It was strangely arousing to imagine the elf's sudden look of shock and discomfort as she began gagging and clenching while cum she had just guzzled down came rocketing up out of her belly.

"I'm sure you can pump a little more cum into these girls. Fill them completely, don't hold back."

"Urgh, gonna blow soon!" I grunted. Irina and Kari were still riding me, but this time with their bulging bellies sloshing full of cum bouncing up and down. They already looked so sexy and pregnant the way they had swelled when I filled their wombs, and now Morgana was saying I needed to fill them even more. I was still just as turned on as the moment before I came. Besides, it was quite fulfilling to wake up to being ridden by both of your sexy new girlfriends and cuddled by a third. I was on an emotional high.

"Want to know about Ashante?" Morgana went on. "Cresania took her to the Rogers Estate. She wants to be at the center of a ten man gang bang. I'm sure she'll find quite a few men in the Knight School who are old enough to participate and don't mind missing a little sleep to do so. We tried for a solid hour to substitute men with elf futanari, but that didn't work. Oh well, not that she minded in the least. She loved every second of it, on all fours taking on as many cocks as she has holes and hands. Come to think of it, she's probably on all fours now, sucking and fucking and even taking it up the-"

"I get the idea!" I said through gritted teeth. Ashante, that little minx was at the center of an elven orgy just a little while ago, and now she was getting gangbanged by humans. Coincidentally, so was I.

With a cry, I climaxed again. My cocks erupted, blasting hot sticky cum directly into the wombs of Irina and Karina. Their bellies rapidly expanded to the size of beach balls, pressing together with enough force to cause the girls to lean back and fall about to either side of me in a tangle of limbs. As my cocks slipped out of their wombs, the spurting tips blasted their pussies, coating their insides with cum until gobs of the white stuff poured out, overflowing.

"Good, very good," Morgana cooed, kissing my ear gently. "They're full."

"You don't know how good that feels!" Irina gasped, rubbing her belly and quivering with ecstasy. Karina likewise was on her side, hugging her roundness as she came.

"I'm eager to get my turn now, if you think you still can get it up," Morgana said.

I looked at her with a dazed grin on my face. "Is this heaven, because you sure don't look like an angel."

"Angels are nothing like what you've been led to believe," Morgana said, looking at me with loving eyes.

"Is that right?" I said, looking straight back at her.

"To think that you were straight just a week or so ago. My how you've grown," Irina marveled as she observed our interaction.

At the same time, Karina began to kiss and lick the mingled juices off one of my semi-erect cocks which, I noted, were abnormally large as usual but otherwise of the human type once more.

"Kari has grown a lot too," I said, "And she's not even a futa."

"Thank you," she said. "I always had an eye for feminine beauty, but am I a sucker for these delicious cocks," she sighed, and I watched her continue to lick my shaft. 

Irina began to fondle and suck my breasts, and with the non-stop affection and stimulation of the three witches, I was almost painfully erect in no time and eager for Morgana's touch. The raven-haired witch lowered herself on to my other cock, skewering herself with the massive organ and even easing it up through her cervix and deep into her womb. As she impaled herself on me, a massive bulge began to protrude from her slender tummy. The head of my cock pushed out, stretching her skin. She looked at the obscene bulge approvingly and even caressed it lightly.

She spread her thighs wide and pushed the last few inches of my cock into her. I choked and almost blew my wad when I felt her stretching so tight around my unyielding flesh.

"You're such a big futa, always stretching girls out so much. Do you like doing this to us?" she asked. "I'm so stretched here, I'm like a rubber band," she said, beginning to slowly rise and sink on me again. She kept talking dirty to me while the blonde and brunette took turns jamming my other enormous cock down their pliant throats.

I met Morgana's gaze, searching for words to express how I felt. Of course I wanted to fuck her and stretch her. I wanted her, and Irina and Karina more than any of the elves, quite honestly, because there was a deeper connection. I should have been fucking them when I was drunk on elven wine. There wasn't any sign that I had, judging from the slender tummies they all had just moments before.

"Hey, what else happened while I was blitzed? Did I not have sex with any of you?"

"Who says you didn't?" she smiled, grinning wickedly. It was hard to concentrate with so much pleasure coming from my coven sisters mouths and pussy.

"So you're not going to tell me?" I tapped my forehead and gave her a disdainful look.

"Oh phooey, can't play mysterious with a mind-reader. Alright, I'll catch you up on the last four or five hours. Elves have been lining up to fuck you. Then the rest of the Unredeemed were brought back, and I told you they were kind of a priority, but you kept ignoring me. That's when I figured out something was amiss, and went to go get my book." she said. "It took some doing, but we managed to make sure you were getting the Unredeemed pregnant first. I read their minds and discussed their individual treatments with their relatives. We kept an eye on you and had our fun on the side. Elves, so friendly and delicious. I hope you're not jealous?" she said, still riding my cock.

"No," I murmured. I was thrilled and disappointed at the same time. It was so new to me, being with so many elves. I felt I deserved to pat myself on the back. The elves were so fair and exquisite. I suppose you could say that all else being equal, I felt blondes had the edge over brunettes like myself. Yet I seemed to be in constant demand. That kind of thing was liable to go to my head. In fact, I really thought Morgana was exaggerating at first.

"I wasn't really fucking that much, was I? Was I off puking my guts out and one elf came by to make sure I was okay?

"No! Not like that at all!" Irina said.

"You were a machine! A fucking machine, Jeanie!" Morgana moaned.

"Dang," I said. My elation was deflated by the fact that I could not remember any of it. 

"Chin up, it can't be that bad," Morgana panted, her miraculous vaginal walls gripping and massaging my cock like a few dozen warm, supple tongues. "All of you, unh, were having a blast, anh! We had to cut things short, ah, because there was no time for all of them." Morgana then quickened her pace, bouncing up and down on my lap at a quick and steady pace. I couldn't think straight, the pleasure from her hot, tight tunnel just overwhelmed my brain. I sensed she was skirting some event, maybe something embarrassing that I did, but soon lost focus in my fog of passion and rutting. I felt myself on the edge a mind-blowing climax, but each moment that passed my pleasure only ratcheted higher.

"Oohh!" I moaned, groaning as my balls tensed up. I placed my hands on Irina and Karina's shoulders, gripping them tight.

"That's it, cum for me," she cooed as she saw my face contort with pleasure. Karina for her part kept sucking my other cock, deep-throating it valiantly even as I jerked my hips. She had become a deep throat expert. Irina, my sweet girlfriend, was thrilling me by sucking on my nipples. With a high-pitched cry, my body tensed very hard and I started cumming. Both cocks spurted and shot, one deep inside Morgana's pussy and the other pulsed within Karina's throat, depositing a load right into her belly.

Morgana reached behind her and cupped my balls gently, helping to coax my cum from those magical orbs. Two fingers traced the lips of my soaking pussy, then plunged inside. Irina nibbled on my nipples. My orgasm went on and on, seemingly forever.

"That's it, I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" Morgana ranted and moaned. "Fill me with your sweet hot cum, baby! Oh FUCK! Ahh!!" she screamed, convulsing at she came and her stomach expanded to accommodate gallons of my spunk.

When I was done, Morgana's belly was just as enormous as Irina's. Karina's belly was swelled to where she looked like a pretty girl with nice face, a thick neck, nice legs, and a bulging blob of a torso. She carefully withdrew my massive cock from her lips, and her bulging neck returned to normal. She gazed into my eyes with a look of dazed wonder. She looked like she might not be able to stand, but she was glowing with elation. She stroked her massive belly, tears of joy streaming down her face.

We cuddled together for a few minutes. Then Morgana began cleaning us up with a few cantrips. She and my blondie were looking very pregnant with the loads of cum I had injected into them. Karina, with her triple or quadruple load, was shaped a bit like a pear with legs.

"Shoot, what do we do about that?" I asked, gesturing at Kari's massively swollen belly.

"Not to worry," Morgana said. "I checked my book of light as we seemed to be having this problem a lot. I used to think it was a problem I needed to address after certain rituals, and there's a spell for it. Two, actually. The first spell will actually help each girl absorb the spirit energy you've given her - at least, to her normal capacity. I just stopped using it because it was a waste of spirit energy. Now, we have plenty to spare."

This was the first time that Morgana let on that she was accustomed to absorbing spirit energy through cum. While they had never offered to detail what happened in their rituals, I for my part had never been all that curious. They made it sound like a bunch of unpleasant work. Now that she mentioned absorbing spirit energy from cum, I never really stopped to think about where the cum was coming from. I just assumed it was Lucille. I could not have guessed what was really going on. I would find out more about that later.

Morgana said a few complex incantations and gestures. Her hands glowed with white light, and Irina's body returned to its normal hourglass shape. Then Morgana cast the same spell on herself, likewise regaining her figure.

"Now then, Karina does not really have any sort of capacity to store spirit energy, being barely an initiate," Morgana reminded us. "Rather than let it go to waste, I'm going to cast a spell of siphoning that will let me channel all that the spirit energy she's holding in her belly."

"Wow! So, that's how you're going to recharge Lucille?" I asked.

"Precisely. This time, however, I'm going to siphon it to myself and just see if I can get more power. Maybe I can get enough to cast a tier six spell." She turned to Karina. "Dearie, you have to do one thing for me. Look into my eyes and think about accepting this spell."

"Aww, can't I just stay like this a while?"

"Well, we at least need you on your feet. Can you do that?"

"Uh, I think so," Karina said with a grin. She was laying on her side and flailed her right arm to try to roll forward, and spread her legs to use them for leverage as well. Once she had her toes on the ground, she placed her palms flat on the ground, then tried to move her feet up closer to her center of gravity and rock backward without stepping on herself. Apparently she was so heavy she was having trouble getting upright.

"Um, Kari, it looks like you're struggling a bit there," I told her.

"I guess so," she confessed, still lying on her cum-bloated belly. "It just feels better than any drug."

"Well, the time for getting high is over. Let's go. If you can't get up, I'll help lighten your load." Morgana began an incantation, this one different from the last. Her fingertips glowed as she moved them in a swirling overhand pattern. She reached her hands out to Karina and the light moved out, surrounding the auburn-haired girl. Karina looked into Morgana's eyes. Slowly, Karina's massive bloat began to wane, and then she shrank a little faster. In under a minute, she was back to her fit and toned self.

"Aww, none left!" Karina griped good-naturedly. She shot me a wicked grin to let me know she hoped I would give her more soon.

"Did it work?" Irina asked Morgana. "Do you have even more spirit energy than before?"

"Hmm, let me see." Morgana cast a quick cantrip, then chuckled.

"It's more than I've ever had before. I could cast two tier five spells like this. Who knows, maybe it won't be long before I'm able to cast tier six fueled solely by Jeanie's white sauce."

The girls giggled at that, I just flushed with embarrassment. Then a thought occurred to me.

"Morgana, if that spell makes all my semen like, vanish - will you girls get pregnant?"

"Hmm. Normally it prevents pregnancies, absolutely. You're a special case though. We'll just have to see."

We put on our robes and went to gather Lucille at the far corner of the courtyard. Once she had disentangled herself from several doting lovelies, she gave me a sheepish look. I just smiled at her warmly.

"Hey, don't give me that look. I'm not jealous or anything," I told her.

"I know." She lightly punched my shoulder and turned red in the face. At the time, I was feeling too good and satiated to ask her about her odd behavior. Frankly, I was afraid she might turn such a line of questioning against me.
