 Recap: Our protagonist, Jeanie, was recruited into a coven of modern-day sex witches by former schoolmate Irina. Irina schemed to steal Jeanie's old boyfriend, Brian. Brian decided to become a sex witch, and has taken on a new identity as Lucille, a busty blonde futanari.

The coven is led by Morgana, who maintains an uneasy truce with Medina, a powerful sorceress who punishes witches that use magic openly.

Denny is a quiet, handsome cop devoted to Irina. When Jeanie was proving to be stubbornly heterosexual, Irina used Denny to lure Jeanie into bed. Later Irina used a magic cookie using some of Morgana's unstable red velvet dough, thinking it would make Jeanie bisexual. Jeanie instead became a very well-hung futanari with a growing sexual appetite for women, and women only. The spell was all but irreversible.

Jeanie quickly adapted to having a cock and lusting after women. Irina then helped Jeanie seek out and seduce a fitness model named Karina. It was no trouble for the two to seduce Karina. Jeanie's cock mysteriously shrank to average size before she revealed it.

Twin succubi appeared at Jeanie's apartment, where Karina and Jeanie were just hanging out. The succubi revealed that they had been sent by Medina as they all began having sex.

The fitness model was quickly drained of her life force, yet Jeanie remained unharmed. Her dick grew much larger and then she grew a second one just above the first, both monstrously oversized. Ultimately it was the succubi who were knocked unconscious mysteriously, but Karina was badly drained. Fearing for Karina's life, Jeanie wrapped her into some blankets and put her in her car.

---------

I had this awful feeling in the pit of my stomach. I was driving down on a dark highway, wanting to go faster but there were cars ahead. On my right was a bundle of blankets, inside lay a catatonic girl, wasted away on the verge of death. I was so distraught and angry at myself I wanted to drive right off a bridge, but first I needed to bring Karina to safety.

A police cruiser pulled past me on the shoulder and then in front of me, reminding me that I had drank a couple of glasses of wine earlier. The thought of getting pulled over scared me half to death.

"FOLLOW ME!" crackled the speaker on the cruiser. He turned on his red and blue strobes, blipped the sirens, and accelerated. Cars in front of him started pulling onto the shoulder, but I floored it and stayed right behind him. I was beyond asking questions, if he would help me get there faster. Indeed he did, escorting me the rest of the way to Morgana's without incident.

I recognized Denny as soon as he got out of the cruiser, still wearing the same police uniform.

"Let me help," he said, coming around to the passenger side of my Toyota. He lifted the blankets, rummaging inside for a limb or a neck. He quickly felt for a pulse, found one, and gathered her up.

"Quick, get inside!" Irina called from the garage entrance.

I thought we were under attack and lurched across the grass, stumbling on all fours before breaking into a run. Denny strode after me, carrying Karina in my blankets.

"Are you alright?" Morgana asked.

"I'm fine, just help Karina!"

"We will, we will," Morgana assured me. "We need to try to piece together what happened at some point though. If those really were succubi, well, it's a miracle you made it out."

"I wish we had called you sooner!" Irina said as we trooped into a spare bedroom behind Denny. We watched silently as he lay her gingerly on the soft bed. Lucille flipped a light switch when she came in, and I saw Karina wince at the light momentarily. Every sign of life gave me hope, but her face was so sunken and pruned that I could barely look.

Morgana could no longer hold her silence. "Do you know what you did to Iri?" she asked.

Suddenly I remembered how Irina had left my place with a belly swollen with cum. It had worried me greatly, although nothing compared to what was happening to Karina. I looked at Irina and found she had gone back to normal

"You're back to normal! Good!" I murmured.

"Thanks," she said meekly. She wanted to chide me for forgetting but it would have been unseemly given the grim circumstances.

"It seems that you charged her up with spirit energy," Morgana informed me. "That much we figured out not long after she arrived. We've been baking cookies and brewing potions."

"Charged her up?" I repeated softly.

"Yeah, with your cum," Irina said, speaking softly on my wavelength.

"What's the matter with you two?" Lucille asked. "You act like we're at a goddamn funeral!"

"Look at her, you fucking shit!" I spat, gesturing at Karina.

"Chill, I know," Lucille said. "I had Irina make this," Lucille said, holding up a thick glass vial about the size of a drumstick. It was filled with a slightly luminescent blue liquid. "It's a an Amelioratis Elixir!"

Morgana took a moment to digest this revelation. "Wow, you made that too? That's incredible! That's a second tier potion!"

"I know," Irina said, with more than a hint of pride. She turned to me and said "We've been baking cookies all afternoon, we really stocked up the pantry on first-tier spells. Lucille also asked me to make that potion a few minutes ago."

"Let's give this thing a shot, shall we?" Lucille unstoppered the vial.

"Irina made it, are you sure it's not going to make Karina grow a dick or something?" I asked in all sincerity. "Why not have Morgana do all the baking?"

"Because, honey, I was all out of spirit energy," said Morgana. "I usually only recharge during the full moon. Irina showed up here with a big belly and a huge store of spirit energy. When you have spirit energy, you have to spend it soon. Every time we baked a batch of cookies, Irina's stomach went down."

"Besides this isn't the same kind of thing as that cookie, okay?" Irina said. "Trust me, it won't do anything weird to Karina."

"Alright, let's do this already," Lucille said. She gingerly opened Karina's mouth wide and upended the vial. 

"Slowly, or she'll choke!" I warned.

"You don't sip a potion, you quaff it." The bluish liquid gushed into Karina's mouth. As it came in contact with her, it seemed to vanish in a pale blue glow.

What followed was truly miraculous, as Karina's body grew thicker and stronger. Her skin became lustrous and smooth as it once more encased her strong muscles. Beauty returned to her cheeks, her lips were full once more, and even her dark brown hair regained its original luster. A moment before her skin had been clinging to her bones, now she was back to normal, but still unconscious.

"HOLY SHIT!" I gasped. "You did it! You saved her!"

"Well, sort of," Morgana said. "Karina's body is fine now, as you can see. She will sleep peacefully. I'm not sure if she will wake anytime soon. If and when she does wake, it will only be for minutes or maybe an hour each day. Even then, she will probably be too weak to get up and about. She's lost a lot of life force, and restoring that will involve more powerful magic than even that potion. That's where you come in."

"Me?"

"If you can repeat what you did with Irina, or even to greater effect perhaps with a more experienced sex witch such as myself, we might be able to get the spirit energy we need to save her. If not, there is still time to perform a winter solstice ritual, otherwise we will have to wait until the next full moon."

"What if it doesn't work?" I asked, terrified of the consequences.

"I will do my best, Jeanie, I promise you. I can't really be sure, I haven't seen many cases like this, but I know who has."

"Mother Farold?" I blurted.

"Why yes." She turned to Irina. "So, you told her about Faroldhomme?"

"It wasn't me," Irina said with a befuddled shrug.

"Don't look at me," said Lucille.

"Nor I," said Denny.

"Well then, how did you know?" Morgana asked me.

"Um, how do I say this? I, I'm starting to think that I have been picking up bits of thoughts. Reading emotions, and even reading your minds a little bit."

"What in the actual fuck," Lucille muttered, while the other witches just stood there with their mouths hanging open.

"Great goddess," Morgana murmured.

"Who is Mother Farold, then?"

"We'll tell you, but it's a long story. First, I need to find out what is going on with you," Morgana said. She got up to go to the pantry where she kept her stockpile of magical treats.

I had a vision of a huge tree that grew within a grove of maple and birch. The trunk was ten feet wide and gnarled with several bulbous growths and deep furrows that resembled a face. The face came alive, opening its dark eyes twinkling with wisdom. I had a a feeling that the living tree was Mother Farold. She spoke, and although the vision was silent, I could tell her voice was soft and reassuring. Irina was there, and so was Morgana, and many other people in strange garb.

I snapped out of it and noticed Irina looking at me funny. I was too shocked by the vision to really say anything to her. What other secrets were they so casually hiding from me, as stupendous as a talking tree?

Morgana returned with a cherry red candy. "It's a Sight Lozenge," she stated.

I grimaced, as I saw Irina with a swollen belly standing on Morgana's lawn, ringed by a faint green aura. Her swollen belly glowed with pale light. One after another, shadowy imps arrived, and began to swirl around her. They tore at her belly, snatching wisps of yellow light. Irina stood there unharmed, but she seemed to be getting increasingly upset.

"What is that thing going to do? I don't want it!" I said, snapping out of the vision. Whatever I had seen, it had something to do with the sight lozenge, and it filled me with dread.

"This is for me. I'm going to take a look at your aura, that's all. Let's see if we can't solve this mystery." She popped the lozenge into her mouth, and began sucking on it intently.

"No!!" I cried, bolting for the door.

"Jeanie!" Lucille yelled. She grabbed me as I ran. "There's nothing to be afraid of. Trust me."

I looked into Lucille's eyes, and saw memories of Brian and the way he saw me when we were together. He loved me like sunshine. Remembering how cold he had been when he left made me want to cry.

"This is all too much at once," I said, fighting back tears. I wanted to say more, but Morgana spoke first.

"It takes a minute or so to reach full potency," the raven-haired witch said. "Don't worry, nothing at all is going to happen to you. The sight is just a divination spell, it can't hurt you."

"Oh that reminds me," Irina said. "I think I should explain to you something else we had to deal with. Ethereal demons! Have we told you about them yet?"

I shook my head.

"Oh, well we better tell you. They are everywhere, and if you get caught outside without protections, they latch on to you and make you feel miserable, and drain your spirit energy at the same time!"

"Sounds terrible," I said, bewildered. "Oh! Are they black and shadowy imps that swirl around you?"

"No, they're invisible!" Lucille said.

"Well, invisible unless one has the sight," Morgana said. "Earlier today, I saw them on Irina. I had her stand outside for a sec to make sure."

"I think I saw that, uh, in a vision. With Irina!"

"Mmm, you're having visions now too?" Morgana frowned. "It must have been frightening. Perhaps this mind-reading is doing it, and you have no control over it. Poor girl." I felt real sympathy coming from her as well, which was comforting.

"Tell me more about these demons?" I asked.

"They are trapped in the ethereal plane, which is a shadow plane that mirrors our own. They can see us, but we can't see them. They can't physically touch us, but they can steal spirit energy, if we have any extra."

"So if you do a ritual under the full moon to get spirit energy, why don't the demons attack?"

"Wards. We keep wards around our places of rituals, such as my house. That's why when we have spirit energy, we have to spend it before long. If we leave our wards, demons start showing up like kids chasing an ice cream truck."

"And then we have a bad time," Lucille said, letting me go and turning away.

"As soon as I left your place, I started feeling worried and scared," Irina said. "By the time I got here, I was a nervous wreck and I didn't even know why. Soon as I stepped through the door my anxiety stopped, like a light switch."

"It was a classic case of ethereals, but it didn't make sense that Irina would have any spirit energy to begin with. None of us can just recharge, and if Irina did she'd have done so here. I would have known about it! All of us were completely out of spirit energy. We were planning on using the winter solstice to recharge, that was going to be something we all did together as a coven. Yet sure enough, Irina had boatloads of spirit energy. The question is, how?"

"Also, your house isn't warded, is it?" Irina asked.

"Of course not."

"Huh, that's weird."

"Where do ethereals come from, exactly?"

"Good question. They belong in hell and other lower realms, not right here next to us. The occult texts don't talk about ethereals. Yet they have been around for as long as I have been a witch, and long before that. They haunt every corner of the globe."

"Oh."

"You see, the occult texts generally point to-" Morgana said, but as she spoke, her eyes went wide as saucers. She sucked in her breath and held it, still staring with a mix of shock, fear, and delight.

"What, what is it?" Irina asked.

"Your aura, Jeanie! Oh, it's a shimmering rainbow, like nothing I've seen!"

"Cool!"

"There is a brilliant beam of sunlight raining down on you, like a waterfall of golden light. Great goddess, it's enveloping all of us!" She looked around the bedroom with delighted amazement.

"That can't be very tactical," Lucille muttered. "What does it mean, Mistress?"

I sensed that Morgana was only more confused by what she saw.

"I can only speculate right now," she said. "Like your mind-reading, this incredible aura tells me you have something special about you. I'm not sure how that even came to be, but here we are. Most people have just a faint glow for an aura. Witches can be a little brighter. Yours, well, it's just incredible. We really need to introduce you to Mother Farold. She is the wisest I know."

"I'd love to meet her," I said, envisioning this giant tree.

"Well, let's discuss this some more. However, we've already been on my feet baking for the last few hours. I could really flop down on the couch right about now. Besides," Morgana said, "I want to see something."

We filed out of the bedroom and back to the living room. The girls sat on the sofa and I joined them. Sitting down, I realized that I had yet to reveal what the succubi had done to me, and I certainly had to spread my legs wide to be seated comfortably. There was no hiding the bulge in my sweats, but they knew I was a dickgirl. Lucille likewise spread her legs as she sat across me.

"Hey, your dick is big again!" Irina blurted. "Humongous, what the hell happened?!"

"The succubi happened."

"The waterfall of shimmering light stays centered on you," Morgana interrupted. "I don't know how else to describe it, it's so amazing!"

"Maybe she's an adept! We could find out pretty easily, couldn't we? She should just try to cast a spell or something!"

"It's worth a shot," Morgana agreed.

"What should I try to cast?" I asked.

"How about a spell of seeing auras?" Irina suggested.

"Oh, uh, how does that one go?"

Morgana closed her eyes, shaking her head with a slight smile, as if to say I still had so much to learn. "Adepts are simply that, adept. They don't recite incantations out of spell books, they just will it to be. Medina realized this early in her life. If you were an adept, you probably should have discovered your powers by now."

"Maybe they're just starting to manifest, now that she's an adult! Maybe-" Irina cut herself off.

"That doesn't mean she is the next adept," Morgana said. "Okay okay, I'll coach her through a spell. Jeanie? I'm going to show you how to cast a cantrip. Simply wave your hands and imagine a few sparkles or lights coming into being above the coffee table." Morgana demonstrated, waving her hands.

I tried, and nothing happened. I tried several more times, concentrating in different ways and with different flourishes.

"I feel like an idiot doing this," I said.

"Try again, and this time say the words Loram tooatha!" Morgana intoned, waving her hands. A burst of sparks like a roman candle appeared over the coffee table, and soon winked out of sight. For an instant, Morgana looked as surprised as the rest of us, but she quickly regained her composure.

"Now you try," she said.

How did I do that? I heard Morgana ponder to herself. I thought I was out of spirit energy.

"How did it go? Laram tooatha!" I said, waving my hand clumsily.

"No, it's Loram tooatha! and wave your hand like this, at the same time." Morgana allowed for a pause between the incantation and the wave of her hand, hoping that the cantrip would not create sparks. At the wave of her hand, sparks appeared anyway. She was shocked.

"Loram tooatha!" Lucille said, waving her hand. Sparks. Irina followed suit. Sparks.

"Loram tooatha!" I said again, but no lights appeared.

"Well, no luck yet," Morgana said.

"Perhaps Lady Carter needs requires a breakthrough as well. Some witches need a little extra willpower to overcome mental barriers to magic use," Denny explained. 

My jaw dropped. I had never really heard Denny talk more than a word or two, but now he spoke freely and man was it weird. He sounded all kinds of medieval, with a beautiful, somewhat British accent.

Irina smirked.

"Wow, he really talks!" I said to her. Irina nodded, smirking while she decided what to say. She was hiding something, as though she wanted to tell me about Denny, but it had not been the right time. I looked at Denny, then back at Irina, and became immersed in a vision.

***

Irina hid among the thick beach grass, parting the blades with her hands to peer down at the men on the shore. She was watching a sparring match between two men wielding wooden swords. One of them was Denny, the other was a younger man, perhaps a teenager by the look of him. Standing around the two fighters in a semi circle were another dozen or so shirtless young men. They were men of all races, but they all lived by the same creed.

Denny's opponent was incredibly skilled for his age, which made sense because all of them trained in swordsmanship since early childhood. Even so, Denny was better. Their wooden sticks clacked and moved in a blur, until Denny managed to jab the other man in the chest with enough force to make him stagger backwards. Denny's opponent shrugged it off and lowered his training sword. Denny's deep voice carried surprisingly well over the windy beach sands, and he discussed and demonstrated the devastating counterattack technique he had just used to deliver what would have been a killing blow.

There he was known as Weapons Master Dengar, and he taught other men who were being raised in Faroldhomme's school of knighthood. Like all of the knights, Dengar had been named by his adopted parent, Mother Farold.

Once "Dengar" had finished instructing the men, they broke off into pairs to practice their techniques. Each pair of fighters moved with speed and precision. Irina watched in awe, and Denny observed intently, sometimes instructing his pupils on matters where they struggled. Irina waited patiently, fascinated by all of them, their lean, muscular chests covered with sweat. Although she admired all of them, she was only interested in Dengar. She was thinking of the moment he would break away to come find her in her hiding place. She was boiling with lust for that tanned and muscular fighter, but for now all she could do was watch. Dengar had intensified training in recent days, hoping to train a worthy successor.
