 Characters in this story are all over 18. There are no minors in any sexual situations implied or described. This is a futanari tale set in contemporary times. It may be difficult to keep up with the story without reading from the beginning.

For previous readers, thanks for coming back! If you like this story, please vote and let me know!

*****

The smooth hull of the floating yacht gleamed in mid-morning splendor. We called everyone to come see it. Eddie squinted and rubbed his eyes. Eli and Karina came out of the shack and also looked up at it.

"Oh, wow!" Karina gasped in wonder. "It's gorgeous!"

"Is that a boat floating up there above my house?" Eli murmured.

"Sure is!" Irina said. "All done and ready to set sail - err, fly!"

"It's not ready," Morgana stated. "It still needs a name."

"Starlit Dream!" Irina blurted.

We paused, many an arched eyebrow turned her way.

"What? It's a pretty name for a pretty boat!" Irina said.

"Perhaps, but doesn't it feel like someone has used it before?" I asked as tactfully as I could.

"You don't like it?" Irina asked.

"Well, not that much, I guess," Karina said. "I think we need something more suitable for a ship on a quest."

We discussed it for a bit, and finally settled on the name Ray of Dawn, which had also been Irina's idea, and sounded even more familiar.

"We would have to go with the Love Boat if we wanted anything less original," Lucille teased. "I love it though. Ray of Dawn. Bam!"

"You know what they say," Morgana mused, "Nothing new under the sun."

"Even if it isn't original, I like the imagery," Irina explained. "A light breaking upon the world, striking into every shadow."

"Well said, my lady," said Denny. We all agreed we were happy with the name and besides, we wanted to board the ship and look around.

"So, is that official?" I asked. "Is someone going to hocus pocus the name onto the hull somewhere?"

"Allow me," Morgana said with a wave of her arm. 'Ray of Dawn' appeared in beautiful embossed script on the ship's aft. "All set!"

"That's not how you make it official," Lucille pointed out. "We need a bottle of champagne so that we can actually christen the ship."

Morgana smirked, amused by Lucille's attachment with old naval tradition, but Irina played along cheerfully. "Alright! Champagne, no problem!" the perky blonde said, conjuring a bottle of bubbly out of thin air. "Hurry up! Let's do this!"

Both Lucille and Morgana were surprised by her conjuring champagne so adroitly. The raven-haired head witch gestured to the ship's bow.

"Irina, you came up with the bottle and the name. Please do the honors!"

"Why, certainly!" She flew up and away from the boat, then turned and zoomed toward the bow. She spun, letting go at precisely the right time and flinging the bottle against the pearly hull with an athletic twist. The bottle exploded on contact, the pressurized contents and green glass shards rained down on the forest below.

"I christen this ship the Ray of Dawn! Come on everyone, check it out!"

I sighed, my heart swelling with admiration for the girl.

The vessel was hovering at least a hundred feet off the ground, so we used a mass levitation spell to get our luggage and our non-flyers up to the top deck, including Eddie, for a little tour.

The coven consisted of Morgana, Lucille, Irina, Karina, myself, and Erica. We also had four Faroldian knights: Denny, Gaff, Bellevon, and Stu. Eli was not a knight, but he fell right in as one of our guardians and he was very handy with a gun. If that was our ship's manifest, then I kept a few demonic stowaways. Zurknod was a tiny homunculus, he knew how to stay out of sight and was often invisible. I knew he was eavesdropping on us constantly but at least he appeared when called. He had a Hornunckthulide, a tentacle fiend capable of laying eggs in people which would hatch individual mutant tentacles, of which some forty or so were lurking in a pocket dimension under Zurknod's control. Also dwelling in that dimension were four succubi: Twin sisters Rak'hel and Rashiva, Shay, and Mimi.

Morgana, Irina, and Lucille led us on a tour of the yacht, starting with the top deck. The yacht was sleek, colored pearl white, with gold high-traction matting on the top walkways and decking. The aft and fore were fairly streamlined and unfurnished, they were designed with aerodynamics in mind. There were no rails nor flag.

The lower deck separated fore and aft deck, being about four feet lower than the latter. It was fifty feet long all together, ringed by large windows. A thick door capable of pressurization was the boat's only entrance. It reminded me of a door on a jumbo jet. Descending a few stairs, we entered a spacious dining area lined with tinted windows and nautical blue curtains. There was a tiny galley off to the side of the dining room, perfect for whipping up a meal or baking or brewing magic cookies and potions. However, we ended up calling that galley the kitchen, and calling the entire dining area the galley instead.

We looked around and got acquainted with the folding tables and seats, the pantry, and also the stowing compartments for weapons and cookies. We took a moment to stow the cookies we had brought with us in the neat little cubby holes provided specifically for magical cookies.

Then lovely Lucille led us into the helm, which had a gorgeous wraparound windshield. The control console sported a few small flat screen monitors, very few instruments and switches, and some nautical accents. Instead of a steering wheel, the console featured a pure white globe at its center. This was the pilot's interface: magical intuitive flight controls. There was also a lever with an "On" and "Off" marking, and below it was a placard that read "Stealth Mode."

After showing everything to us, the tour said that the berthing was next, and started to head back to the galley.

"Dare I inquire of the parachutes?" Denny asked.

"Mm, as in do we have them? No, but the ship won't crash. It's safe and all automatic!" Irina chirped. "It gets its lift from four levitation spheres which are all attached to steel ribs in the hull and linked to this white control sphere here in the center console. It also flies intelligently, and it can fly inverted, so-"

"My lady, your confidence is admirable but misplaced," Denny interrupted. "We are going to be contending against the most potent of magical foes. Her magic can defeat our magic. Were the Tranquil Adept to target the 'levitation spheres,' the ship would start to plummet like a cannon ball dropped from a rampart. We non-flyers would surely consider the extreme utility of a parachute a vital precaution."

"You're right," she admitted. "I think."

"You know so, my sweet," he said. She smiled, because she loved when he called her that.

"What did he say?" Lucille whispered to me, nudging me with her elbow to let me know she was just kidding.

"We can add anything you need," Morgana assured him. "This was just the beginning, the combined efforts of just the three of us."

We all agreed it was very impressive helm and galley so far, and naturally it made sense that with a little magic, we could implement any good suggestions right away. We did not leave to tour the living quarters until we had conjured up parachutes and stowing compartments. Whenever the coven used magic, it made me think of sex.

"Ah, I wish I could make it permanent," Morgana muttered.

"What?" Karina asked.

Morgana took a step closer to Karina and lowered her voice. "I can give the knights the power of flight. However, it would wear off after a few minutes, making it very dangerous. To make it permanent, I would need to cast an eighth tier spell."

"Oh," Karina said.

"I take it the levitate spheres are different?" I asked.

"Ah, that's a good question," Morgana said mysteriously, and winked. Lucille gave me a look that told me I needed to change the topic.

"The bedrooms are down below," Irina said, brushing up against Stu suggestively.

"You mean the berthing?" Lucille asked.

"We are not calling it the berthing!" she said defiantly.

Meanwhile the rest of us walked back through the galley.

"Hold on a minute. Eddie, I don't want to make you all jealous. Maybe you should go on, you know?" Eli asked.

Eddie looked at all of us, shocked speechless.

"I'm sorry Eddie, but you won't be coming with us," Irina said.

"Seriously?"

"Seriously." Eli said. "Look bro, this all looks like fun, but Karina told me what's really up. They're headed into a big fight with a sorceress. If you come with us, you could get killed. We might all get killed."

"Say what? And you're gonna fight her, and not take me?!" He was furious, like he was ready to throw down and fight Eli.

"I'm very sorry Eddie," Morgana said, levitating him off the ground toward the hatch. He grabbed a handrail and Denny used pressure points to force Eddie to let go. It looked kind of painful as Denny grappled with the man, but he was outmatched.

"I give you marks for your loyalty to Mr. Zemanek," Denny said, twisting Eddie's arms behind his back.

We levitated him out of the hatch with Denny pinning Eddie's hands behind his back. He struggled in vain, but once he was outside of the boat and floating, Denny could let go and Eddie was unable to stop his progress. The whole coven waved goodbye, blowing kisses to him, and he stopped raving and cursing at Eli long enough to wave to each of us and thank us for healing his battle buddy.

He then turned his ire back at said buddy, issuing a string of profanities.

"Yeah, I know you're mad. We're still friends though so stop being a fucking bitch!" he retorted.

"Is he really mad at you?" Karina asked him.

"Nah, that's just our way of saying we care when we're mad about something."

"Oh, okay," Karina said. "Thank you for taking care of Eli!" she called down to him. "We'll be back to see you again soon, I promise!"

I flew after Eddie and gave him a final look over. Having smoothed his complexion, I looked for other ways to enhance him so that he would be irresistible to women. The first thing I noticed was significant tearing in his shoulders inflicted when he struggled against Denny. I healed those fresh injuries and made his shoulders bigger and stronger. I also made him slimmer around the gut. I gave him more muscle overall, and an enhanced 'package' below. I was confident that the women of Alabama were not going to know what hit them, but his family would still recognize him.

When the couple first reunited, Karina had taken Eli aside in his home and done her best to explain what she could about us, the coven, and everything else that had happened since she met me. Eli had many questions, as anyone would, and his exotic ex-girlfriend had to tell him everything just for it to make some semblance of sense. She even confessed that she had orgies with elves and knights, us ladies including futanari, and now she was sleeping with Bellevon. She revealed that I had knocked her up not once but twice, going so far as to explain how she gave up her first baby to be raised in Faroldhomme. Each revelation demanded more for explanation.

Eli's gratitude at being healed and his concern above all that Karina have a stalwart defender helped him deal with the pangs of jealousy that flared up regarding her knight, Bellevon. The rest of the tale was insane and unbelievable, but he believed it because he had no choice. He had to pinch his legs more than once just to prove to himself that he was not dreaming.

He grew very concerned and protective when he heard about Medina. That was when he told Karina that if she refused to back down from the confrontation, at least take him along, and please don't get Eddie involved.

Karina felt happy that Eli was with her again, but she felt a little guilty nevertheless. While he had been fighting a battle with depression and his crippled body, she had been sleeping around and having a glorious time. She told him why she was back and insisted that she never wanted to split up in the first place. More than that, she physically leaned on him and all but clung to him as we toured the boat, which did much to comfort and reassure him of his place in her world. It was also a constant reminder to him that he had quite a strong pair of legs again.

We resumed our tour, taking the staircase down from the top deck to the landing in the galley, then further down to reach the bottom deck, which was a charming hallway with polished wood walls. The aft end of the hallway had a passageway on the port side to the stairs, but it split down the middle and the starboard side had a sleek sliding door encased in stainless steel. Irina opened it to reveal a bathroom with non-slip tile floor, a shower stall big enough for six people and a sizeable hot tub. A compartment on the wall unfolded to reveal a liquor cabinet next to the tub, and on the left behind a solid partition were several toilets.

We came back out to the hallway. The five remaining rooms were bedrooms. There were two on the starboard side and two on the port, and one at the end of the hall. Each room was equipped with a lockable sliding door, not to mention good sound insulation for privacy. Inside, there was a double bed, making it a rather cramped fit for two. Each had a rounded window to look out at the world below or, if we were submerged, they would act as portholes for viewing underwater.

Morgana led me by the hand down to the end of the hallway that ran along the keel of the boat. The last room was the biggest and boasted a queen size bed, a porthole on the port and starboard sides of the bow, a closet, and a toilet.

"You get the bedroom of honor, Shannon," she said, using the bastardized version of my elven nickname with a hint of mirth.

"Yeah," Irina said, gently nudging herself into my arms. "We figured you might need the extra bed space. Why don't you go in and try it out?"

Irina had been tantalizing me and tempting me all during the tour, and all the things I imagined doing on the boat with her had me so excited. The moment she took me in her arms made me even more horny. I ran my hands down her back and rested them on her hips, pulling her closer, and she gazed into my eyes lovingly. We kissed and I grabbed her ass and pulled her body against mine, and I felt her feet start to lift off the ground. Passions inflamed, I pinned her against the wall and our tongues dueled. She stymied my advance by clamping her thighs tight around mine, keeping me from grinding my burgeoning shafts against the heat of her crotch.

"Easy there babe," she said, kissing my cheeks softly. "I have a couple of prior commitments, but I'll definitely swing by your room later."

She withdrew from my arms and took Denny and Stu each by the arm. They opened the door to their bedroom. As if they had planned it ahead of time, the men simultaneously grabbed Irina and hoisted her onto their shoulders before taking her inside. She let out a whoop of surprise and giggled as they tickled her. The sound of her laughter was cut off when the sliding door clicked shut.

Inwardly I grumbled, Irina was special to me and had really been shining bright of late. It was a struggle to change my perspective and be happy for her knights. It was hot to think they were probably pulling her clothes off right at that moment. Then she would pull their hard cocks out of their pants. I knew Denny for sure could give her a real pounding, his dick was unstoppable. Stu was probably just as talented, although I had yet to really go one on one with him. I could picture her ultimately getting fucked porno style, one in her pussy and one in her ass, her knights not cumming until she gave permission. She, on the other hand, would be cumming over and over. I know I would.

Getting two men in bed was something of a fantasy of mine, but I never dreamed of realizing it. The guys I knew were very uneasy about that. However, these knights had been comfortable with orgies, that much was clear. I worried that Eli would have trouble getting used to sharing Karina with another man. I watched closely when Karina led Bellevon and Eli to one of the rooms by their belts. The two men bumped fists, but Bellevon took Karina's hand from his belt and let her go with a smile.

"Someone has to keep watch," he said before heading up to the galley. The act showed that he recognized the kind of love that Karina and Eli shared. I wasn't sure what that would mean for the long term, but for the moment Eli was to get some more one-on-one time with Karina.

Dark, pale and buxom Morgana paired off with her towering blond, Gaff, taking the starboard room furthest aft. Lucille was about to join them, but instead she headed upstairs to the galley as well. That left me grinning and smiling at Erica, who was biting her lower lip and blushing with excitement.

She took off her shirt as we walked into my room and closed the door, and I quickly stripped down as well. Once we were naked, I started fondling and squeezing her enormous, gravity-defying FF cup breasts. I kneaded her tit flesh and pinched her lovely erect nipples, and pretty soon she was moaning and sighing with every squeeze. Her lactating nipples were spurting milk, and I pinched and pulled them, aiming the multiple streams onto my body and into my parted lips. It occurred to me that the warlock she killed had demanded I make her breasts so big.

"Do you want me to put them back to normal?"

"Oh, no, they feel so good," she moaned, stroking my thick cocks with her hands.

"Aren't they heavy? Don't they get in the way sometimes?" I asked.

"Oh, now and then maybe," she confessed. "Don't take them away just yet. I love the way you stare at them," she giggled softly. "Also, you made them, and they feel so good when you play with them."

I began to suck on one nipple, causing her to let out an exultant gasp.

"They really do feel wonderful!" she said. "Oh yes!" she hissed, pressing her bosom to my face. "Jeanie! Don't stop! If you keep doing that-"

"Ahem," Zurknod said, appearing suddenly next to us.

"Zerky, I'm busy," I warned.

"Oh, sure. Busy busy. Morgana hasn't told you yet, has she?"

I reached out telepathically to Morgana, and she told me. The levitation spheres would last another couple of hours, but Zurknod had made a tentative deal with our priestess. Of course, I was the bargaining chip, but Morgana apologetically telepathed that she was out of options. Besides, she had a feeling I would enjoy it.

The deal was simple. Zurknod was willing to make the levitation spheres permanent if I gave him some spirit energy. The only way I could do that was to fuck his succubi.

Erica didn't mind sharing my two cocks, so Zurknod brought Rashiva into our bedroom through one of his glowing purple-rimmed portals.

I still intended to make the most of Erica's milky breasts, as just a little sucking and fondling had gotten her panting with lust. Rashiva had a wicked idea. She had Erica lie on her back, and I sandwiched one huge cock between her love pillows, using my hands to push them together. The succubus knelt beside my blonde lover, her lips engulfed my upper cock, my shaft lodged deep in her throat. This way I could fuck Erica's cleavage, fondle her tits, and the pink-haired demon could blow me at the same time. The succubus made sure to reach down and finger Erica's pussy which worked out well since my hands were busy with her tits.

Rashiva teased and stroked both of us, somehow she was able to focus on everything she was doing and read our responses. Simultaneously bobbing on my cock and jilling Erica, she expertly paced our orgasms and skillfully brought us to mind blowing simultaneous climaxes, one after another. We soon lost count of how many times the two of us had cum.
