 All characters 18+. Dickgirls, erotic horror, cum inflation, succubi, body transformation, light non-con. Maybe even light incest depending on how you look at twin succubi. If that irks you, please move on, this series is definitely going to only get wilder from here. :)

*****

I could not stop thinking about Karina's magnificent curves and exotic good looks. After reading her letter, I really looked forward to meeting her again, and anticipating how much better the next time would be now that we both knew what we were after. I had a lot of things to talk to her about, things that would establish the kind of relationship we would have. I needed to hear from her. I really needed to sit down and talk to Irina as well, and it made me feel somewhat guilty that I was trying to keep two girls to myself who were both so beautiful.

Just thinking about the two of them was filling my head with possibilities, so I hoped I would never have to choose between them.

I doubted Irina was jealous, but I knew she worried about the coven. It stood to reason that if we shared too much intimacy with Kari, she would start blabbing about the incredible things she saw, things that could only be explained with magic. The most powerful witch of our age, Serene Adept Medina, would punish our coven if we flaunted our powers. How exactly she would do that, we had no way of knowing, but she had been known in the past to have been behind the deaths of at least a few witches.

When Irina emerged from the shower and strolled into the living room naked, I smiled at her. She had a taut, rounded belly that looked very much like was due in three or four months. I felt something in my subconscious surface for the first time. On some level, I really wanted Irina to have my baby. That had never been possible for me before, but she seemed an ideal candidate, someday. She saw my eyes gazing upon her rounded belly, and smiled.

"It looks good on you," I said. "I want to get you some maternity clothing and show you off."

She chuckled. "I was thinking we might really get some. Who knows how often this is going to happen, or long it will last."

"I bet it's already starting to shrink." I longed to spend the day with Irina in bed or out on a date, but then I remembered everything that was planned today, and how complicated life still was, even with magic. I let out a sigh.

"What's the matter?"

"What's the point of being a sex witch if you can't let people get too close to you?"

"You can be close to me, and the rest of the sisters in the coven."

"I'm talking about Karina."

"Ah, of course. Hey, if we ask Morgana nicely, maybe tonight she'll bake a cookie that will make Karina forget what she sees. Then we could really cut loose with her."

"I don't know. That just doesn't sound right. How about we bring her into the coven instead?"

"Hmm, well I suppose so." Irina came and sat down next to me, and grinned. "You know, for a second there in the shower I started to fret about her, and I was thinking about how we could cover our tracks and put her behind us. Now I feel much more confident somehow." She looked into my eyes, and I leaned close. Her irresistible lips sought mine.

I loved her cherubic lips, so different from any of the men of my past. So soft and sweet.

Our lips parted in unison, tongues intertwining. We didn't kiss for very long before we were both sizzling with desire. I could feel my nipples go hard against my T-shirt. My girl cock was already throbbing with desire, just having a cock was so new, as was my lust for women. Irina was the perfect package, a busty teenage blonde who was both skilled and eager.

I grinned eagerly, thinking of how eager she would submit to me with each of her orifices. We would invite Karina over later, and we were all bound to end up in bed together. Maybe Karina would ask me to stuff her womb full of cum. I didn't know how it happened with Irina, but I'd give it my best shot alright. Crazy as it sounded, such cum-drenched fantasies continued to develop in my imagination.

Then reality took hold, and I realized that these pregnant looking bellies would soon cause far too many questions to be asked.

"We better, mmph, calm down," I warned while still kissing. "Let's mm, give your belly, mmh! Mm, some time to recover."

My blonde lover shoved her tongue deeper into my mouth, and then pulled back to say "Nonsense! You're all horny now and you need to cum. How about when you're about to blow, you just let me know and cum outside!"

"Like, just on your sheets or something?"

"Well, not necessarily," she blushed, and suggestively traced her fingers over her lips and down her chest.

"Uh, that doesn't sound, uh," I hesitated. If Irina was anything like me, she loathed getting cum anywhere on her skin, the stuff was smelly, impossible to wash off, and just plain evil. I used to think there was no advantage to letting that stuff get past a condom, never. Now the thought of cumming on Irina really appealed to me on one level, even though I could not explain it.

"You just got out of the shower," I reasoned, but the devilish look in Irina's eye made me burn with embarrassment. Was I that easy to read? She didn't actually ask for a facial, and surely could not come out and give her one. Why, I would just die! Girls weren't supposed to like that, we were supposed to look out for each other.

The glint in Irina's eye told me she knew what I wanted.

A minute later we were both in the shower, Irina with her palms and elbows against the wall, back arched, ass thrusting back at me, as I slammed it home in her wet pussy for all I was worth. Her tits bounced to my steady rhythm, slapping the cheap paneling, and her butt jiggled with every thrust.

"Ooh, yeah!" she encouraged, as my cock disappeared into her depths with staccato rhythm. I moaned and growled back in response.

I kept the steady pace going until I was almost out of breath. The shower had filled with steam, and we adjusted the water temperature down so it wouldn't be so stifling. While I was catching my breath, I kept my cock fully inserted and just gyrated my hips slowly, letting my cock enter her at different angles. Her appreciative moans let me know how much she enjoyed that. Once the steam cleared I was at it again, making her scream and buck against my vigorous thrusts, and she started squeezing me with her tight pussy.

Fucking Kegel muscles! I thought. I sailed past the point of no return, my balls started to boil over.

"Cumming!" I warned.

"Where do you want it?"

I still could not admit that I wanted to cum on her face and breasts, so I just pulled out and started jerking off and moaning as I shot rope after rope of cum on her back and all over her ass. The cum just didn't stop, and traces of the cloudy, milky globs stubbornly clung to her pale, wet skin even under the warm streams of the shower that were pelting her skin at the same time.

Irina dropped to her knees then, facing me outside of the direct path of the shower. She took hold of my erupting shaft and aimed it at her open mouth. Her mouth was overflowing from the first rope that she attempted to swallow, and cum splattered her pretty lips and flowed down her chin like a waterfall.

When she closed her mouth to swallow, a spurt landed on her cheek and bounced off, crossing her eye and landing on her forehead. She barely managed to shut her eye in time. She kept both of them shut tight from then on and just gasped and cried with delight as my copious load continued to blast her face. She blindly tried to aim at her overflowing mouth but I canted my hips this way and that, just enough to "accidentally" miss. My wildly spurting cock sent blasts of cum ricocheting off of her cheeks and into her eyes and nose. Soon her face was covered, and she pointed my cock down at her neck and let the next few weakening ropes hit her there.

I took in the sight of her then, kneeling before my spent cock, her face a cum-splattered masterpiece of beauty and wanton submission. She had cum covering her lips and chin, pooling over her eyelids, bubbling out of one nostril, and streaked over her forehead and her slicked back wet blonde hair. It coated her neck and dripped down her clavicle, and it was all over her round breasts and the top of her slightly rounded tummy. I knew then that I would want to do this to her again and again.

She held the pose for a moment, then swallowed a mouthful of cum with an exaggerated bob of her head. "Mmm! So tasty. Admit it, you like seeing me like this."

I smiled and said nothing.

"Jeanie!" she scolded. She used her fingers to clear her eyes of cum, licking her fingers off.

She opened her eyes and saw me smiling and flushed with embarrassment. "Jeanie, I feel like a million bucks! Turn off the shower?"

She stood and I began helping her clean off, licking the cum off of the rest of her face and then moving down to her neck and then her breasts. My magically sweet cum really was delicious, once I got started I just wanted to keep going. She raced to wipe cum off of her body with her hands and slurp it up before I got to it, and we greedily cleaned up every bit of cum that had landed on her body. We were in heaven, even in a tiny shower stall, and we spent another few minutes just licking and kissing each other.

Quite a bit had landed on the walls and on the floor, which we wrote off as a loss. "Aim better at me next time," Irina joked as she turned the shower back on.

We soaped each other off, intending to get cleaned up at last. I soaped her down with a sensual touch, and spent extra time on her breasts and her rounded tummy. She really seemed to enjoy the feel of her tummy as I caressed it, although not in a purely erotic way. I actually felt like it was love, so I held her from behind and ran my soapy hands over and around her soapy belly. She reached behind and soaped my dick until I was fully hard again.

She demanded an encore. This time, she wanted me to fuck her ass. She smeared a huge dollop of conditioner on her ass, and I could not resist the debauched temptation of her tight back door. I played with her clit and her breasts as I relentlessly sodomized her. I must have really primed her because she had her first orgasm just a couple of minutes later, and several more after that.

"Oh f-f-fuck! Can't take anymore! Cumming, ohh, ahh!" she gasped. "Hurry up!" I was very close to cumming as well, I just needed a few more rapid thrusts.

She struggled to maintain her footing, her knees buckling as she quivered from my onslaught. At last I came, although this time it didn't seem like a supernaturally massive load of cum. It was hard to tell, as I pumped most of it straight up her guts, but she didn't seem to get any bigger from it and it was soon over.

We cleaned up, our skin brushing breast to breast and butt to butt in the confines of the shower stall, but finally willing to cease our lovemaking long enough to soap our bodies and get dressed.

"If we soap up this often, we are really going to have to watch out for dry skin!" I remarked, as we came back into the room and sat down on the bed. "Hey, I almost forgot. Take a look at this message Karina sent us."

"What message?" After a little fumbling around with her phone, Irina found the note. "Okay, hmm. From the moment I first saw you," she mumbled, reading parts aloud. "Oh, she's got Cheryl on board. Hmm. Right, you knew that. Hmm. Not going to be a stalker or anything. Pouring my heart out to you. XOXO." She trailed off, and was silent for a while.

"Well? Can we let her help set up my dad with Cheryl?"

"Sure."

"Okay, whew. I thought you might say no. I'll tell her, and we'll come up with some kind of a plan." The plan of course was to arrange for my dad to meet Cheryl without him knowing that he had been set up for a blind date with one of the most eligible bachelorettes in the Choctowhatchee bay area.

****

We told Karina to come to my place at two in the afternoon, which seemed to be around the right balance between too little and too much time. My dad would be over by a little after four. Cheryl was expected to arrive about an hour later, and Karina had contrived a little plot to get my dad to drive her home. We left from Irina's place and started hanging out at mine soon after. It was a Wednesday morning, chilly and sunny, and most of the people who lived in the area had arrived at work at that point. We drove past the mall but we decided not to dally there.

We also got in touch with Karina. She wanted to spend time with us, but we couldn't invite her over until Irina's tummy had deflated, so we asked her to come by after lunch.

Irina tried drinking water, then tried not drinking anything, and we took to using measuring tape to measure the speed at which her stomach was shrinking. Hour after hour, she stayed the same size. By one o'clock, we were done joking about "needing an ultrasound" or "feeling it kicking." We were actually on the verge of being worried. Irina didn't mind the extra weight, but we worried about certain people asking questions to which there were no easy answers.

"Iri, do you think you've been cursed or something?"

"Huh? No! You would never do that to me! It can't be a curse!"

"It could have been accidental somehow. I mean, it's strange, isn't it?"

"Yeah, maybe it's time to stop waiting for it to fix itself."

We decided that Irina should show Morgana, hoping our coven's priestess could come up with a magic cookie from her pantry that would bring Irina back to normal. Irina left, and that allowed me to invite Karina over to my apartment at last. Karina was at the gym finishing up with a client, but said she would be over by two.

A few minutes before two, Lucille's big yellow Hummer pulled in to my parking lot. I came to the door and watched her coming up the stairs, dressed casually and looking good.

"Well well, what brings you here?" I asked.

"Never mind what you did to Irina. I heard about it. Jesus." she said, brushing past me and stepping into my apartment.

"Hey, it was an accident! She doesn't seem to mind." I closed the door and turned to face Lucille.

"She showed up in tears. I don't know how she didn't get in an accident driving over. Morgana's taking care of her now, so she's in good hands."

"Oh my god, I'm sorry."

"Don't apologize to me. Anyway, you're still not in control. Morgana says whatever her cookie did to you, must have done that. So what makes you think now is a good time to bring someone else into the coven? Morgana says she doesn't like getting famous people caught up in witchcraft. It attracts too much attention."

"Can't we out vote her?"

"No," Lucille chuckled. "What makes you think I would vote her in? This Karina must be something for you to get all worked up. What is it you like about her?"

"You'll see," I said, blushing.

"So you like her body, huh? She better have a personality that's worth a shit. Oh, and let's keep this little gathering platonic, shall we? How about we watch a movie?"

"A movie?"

"Yup! What did you expect?"

"I figured you'd be trying to get laid."

Lucille shook her head. "I might want to bang Karina, but not you." She grinned when I rolled my eyes at her deliberate insult. "I wouldn't try to work around you either. She's your prospect at this point, okay, but I want to try to dissuade you if it's clear that she's not worthy."

"Oh? Well give it your best shot." Talking to Lucille felt just like talking to Brian, even though she now inhabited a woman's body. "By the way Brian, er, Lucille, sorry! How do you plan to do that?"

"We don't need any slip-ups like that when Karina is over," Lucille said, glowering at me. "Now then, you can tell a lot about a person by watching a movie with them. Get them out of their shell a little, let them comment on stuff. See what songs they like. If you have an airhead on your hands, I'm just gonna say no. I fucked five bimbos last night. Dumb bitches, every last one of them. I don't need 'em, I won't miss 'em. I suspect Karina will be no different."

"I don't think she's dumb," I said. "Come on, do we really have to watch a movie?"

"No, but this isn't just about me testing her. I don't want her asking you a lot of tricky, probing questions. You'll be surprised how the smart ones always get on WebMD and try to diagnose me. You're new to keeping the facade going, I doubt you've got a grip on the current medical science with regards to so-called hermaphrodites. Some people don't even want to use that term, did you know that?"

I nodded.

"Okay, why?"

"Um," I had no idea.

"Because hermaphrodite refers to a being who is fully male and female. That's a physical impossibility. You come pretty close, but you don't have an actual clit. As for the rest of you, breasts, legs, face, it's all 100% female. So they would say you're more of a female, overall, on the intersex spectrum. See, you didn't know that did you?"

I nodded.

"Well it's all very confusing with the xxy stuff, and even if I tried to get you caught up in the next three minutes, there would be no way. So, try to leave the talking to me when it comes to that."

"Alright. Thanks, Lucille."

"You're welcome. Hurry up and pick a movie." She got up and went to use the bathroom.

I flipped through the disc case she had brought me. There were war dramas, some Star Trek, and Die Hard 3, a few independent flicks I was unfamiliar with, and one movie that seemed fairly different from all the rest. Normally I wouldn't watch it, but it seemed the best choice at the time.

"Okay, if we have to watch a dumb movie, put this on." I told Lucille as she came out. I glanced over to make sure she had put down the seat.

"Good choice," she replied, pulling the disc out of the jacket and handing it to me. "Hurry up and put it on." As she spoke, I got down on all fours in front of the TV and got the Blue ray working. "Now, if Karina asks who I am, just tell her we're old friends and we don't keep secrets. I came over because I was interested in meeting her. Also we're not fucking, in case she asks, I'm just a friend and you have to behave when I'm around, okay?"

"I guess so."

"Stop thinking you are more connected to her than to me. Alright? She barely knows you. I know all about you."

I nodded in agreement.

"It will be easy for us to act like old friends. If she asks about our past, follow my lead."

"What about your, uh," I gestured toward her lower body.

"Again, let me bring that up. You're not obligated to tell her shit about my privates, so don't."

"Oh, right. Of course."

"Act like we're old, good friends, but not the kind with a bunch of stupid inside jokes and secret handshakes. We just like to hang out. She will try to show that she's fun and interesting, without pulling her titties out. See how this works?"

"Oh, I see." I got up and picked up the remote. Lucille reached for it, so I went and handed it to her.

"For this movie, we don't have to watch the whole beginning," she said. "I'm sure you've seen it?"

"Yeah," I said, peering out the venetian blinds. A silver Lexus was pulling in next to the Hummer. "Shit, she's here!"

"Okay. Jeanie, don't be so damn nervous. She likes you, right?"

"I mean, I'm not used to lying!"

"Lying about what? Forward it to scene five or so, and act like we've been watching the movie this whole time and just hanging out."

"What do I say, I didn't even tell her you'd be here."

"Just apologize, your good friend came over on short notice. She should be fine with that, unless she's a jealous and possessive bitch, in which case," Lucille made a thumbs down gesture, "By bye Karina."

I could see Karina getting out of her the car, dressed to kill in a fluffy cream turtleneck, an open tan suede jacket, tight black leather pants and high-heeled black ankle boots. I swore under my breath. Karina was even hotter in regular clothes than in her workout clothes.
