 We stood under a canopy of lavender foliage, amidst ancient trees whose upraised limbs soared high above our heads. Twilight glow radiated through the trees from all sides. Blue glow bugs flitted by, some near and some far, but none of that mattered. It was a picture perfect moment. I was in the arms of Le'ara, the elven huntress, and she was throwing herself at me like a drunk sorority girl at a frat party.

To be honest, I wasn't ready for her advances. Sure, I wanted her, and I didn't even mind that another elf was silently standing there watching us, but I needed some time to settle my nerves. I had just met Mother Farold and it did not go well. I had been kicked out of the sacred grove, and then fell into a tense face-to-face verbal confrontation with the Tranquil Adept, Medina. Oh and by the way, she told me that she would probably have to kill me, nothing personal. Being the only adept in the world, she was unique in that she commanded limitless, untold reserves of magic, so that meant I was toast if I ever left the safety of the sanctuary. I was glad she respected the rules of the sanctuary, and wondered if Mother Farold and the elves could stop a sorceress like that.

I felt weird about staying in Faroldhomme, but if it was my only choice, I wasn't going to pitch a fit. I did have important things to get back to in my home, but it wasn't going anywhere. Faroldhomme was stuck in a time warp, I could more or less stay as long as I wanted. The question in my mind was, would I be allowed to stay? What if I had committed a serious transgression? Maybe I would be banished from Faroldhomme forever! Perhaps I would soon be escorted back to the real world, and try to get on with my life, and from out of nowhere Medina would come and off me, and that would be my final chapter.

Of course I wanted to save my own skin. Still, it was the first time I had actually met a sentient tree, and I screwed up. This was not just any sentient tree either. She was called "Mother" reverently by an entire elven society. I really blew it, and I felt absolutely rotten.

Le'ara's teeth tugged at my earlobes, sending chills down my spine despite my mood. It was hard to feel depressed and alone with such lovely and inviting company. Still, I felt I should tell her to stop. We had to wait for the others. Why? I could hardly remember why. Because they asked me to wait. It hardly seemed like a good reason when there was hot, willing company eager for carnal pleasure.

Before I managed to speak, she slipped her hand down along the front of my gossamer robes and felt me up, finding my steaming hot pussy. I was so wet for her, I was a mess.

"Uh, Jeanie, how did you get all your coven sisters pregnant?" Le'ara asked. "Just curious."

Whoops, that's right. I had shrank my penis out of existence. Le'ara was bound to be curious how I knocked up three girls without one.

"She got all of them pregnant?" gasped Cresania, the elf who had been escorting Medina.

"Um, I can show you later," I said nervously, pulling away. I was so hot and flushed, my chest was heaving with excitement. "We'd better go wait at the bottom of the hill, like we were told."

"Show me? Why, I'd love to see! Oh my!" Le'ara blushed profusely. "Oh dear, you'll just have to do that I suppose."

"Later," I murmured shyly, and glanced over at Cresania, who smiled at me and then turned away in flushed embarrassment.

"Later, of course," said Le'ara, sighing to calm herself. "At least tell me your secret though," she implored. "Cresania love, you definitely need to hear this, come with us."

With a lovely elf maiden to either side of me, we strolled down the white and mossy path. I explained to them that I was a futanari that could grow one or even two cocks, and make them disappear. I explained what I knew about my aura and the way it affected other witches.

"Other than that, I'm fairly clueless," I confessed, as we reached the pair of trees at the end of the path. "What exactly is a spiritmancer? They started to explain, but then I got kicked out."

"Oh," Le'ara said. "I think I have heard of them, but I don't know. Cresania, would you like to explain it to her?"

Cresania looked at Le'ara wide-eyed. I never saw an elf so at a loss for words.

"I'm not sure if what I had heard is true. The one time I remember learning about them, the elder said that if there ever was one, they would turn tragically evil!"

"I would never turn evil! What are you talking about?!" I interrupted. "Just tell me please. I tried magic and I can't do anything except, well, mind read and that thing with my, uh, organ." I trailed off.

"Of course," Cresania said. "A spiritmancer is like a special kind of elementalist. A pyromancer creates fire, a hydromancer water, and so on. These are the elements. Now, think of the four elements as a ring. Fire, water, earth, and air. Now, above the ring is the plane of life force, or positive energy. Healing magic draws from this place. Positive energy is light, and it is powerful like electricity. It is life itself, yet it is not alive. On the opposite side of the ring is the plane of negative energy. It too is simply energy, a type of energy that destroys life. Negative life energy infuses and sustains the flesh of vampires, ghouls and zombies. Necromancers wield it to raise armies of undead.

"Now, the elders theorized that such a being as a spiritmancer could exist, based on the existence of other elementalists. They never saw one, so they could only guess at their powers, but the planes of positive and negative energy are opposites, and therefore attract. They funnel into a point, a very stormy confluence known as the spiritual vortex."

We were all silent for a moment.

"So? What does that mean? What powers do I have?" I asked, on the edge of my proverbial seat.

"Well, mind reading and mind control, for starters. Magical healing perhaps, and also fleshcraft."

"Fleshcraft? What's that?"

"It's where you can shape living flesh. Sex witches use it in various forms all the time to enhance their beauty and change their sexual characteristics. In the previous age, it was commonly associated with evil but now there's nothing evil about it."

"Well that's a relief! Anyway, I am not going to turn evil. No way! I worry about this idea of mind control, actually. I don't like that. What if I'm already doing it by accident?"

"Mmm, whatever would we do?" Le'ara rejoined in a sultry voice, flirtatiously close and making eye contact. "What if my lust for you is merely your will telling me what I should want? I should find myself powerless to resist!" She pulled a silken cord on her tunic, untying her vest and letting the supple leather fall open.

"I-oh! Oh God!" I breathed, taking in the sight of her perfect milky skin. "I'm not making you do anything, not consciously anyway!" I sputtered, still in awe.

"Maybe it's subconscious," Cresania said in a soft and disarmingly sexy voice. She said it like she was blowing kisses across my pussy and was about to go munch out. Out of the corner of my eye I saw her lacy silken robes float down, pooling next to her feet. Unexpected bobbing motion caught my eye and I turned to look at her nudity.

She had a throbbing erection, nearly as long as my forearm, and proportionally thick.

"Y-you're a futanari!"

"Why yes I am," Cresania said. "Oh! You didn't know? Why, about one in ten elves in Faroldhomme are futanari, with the other nine being female."

"But.. so are you saying there are no male elves?"

"They exist, but they reside in other realms far away."

"One in ten? I suppose that would make you very popular," I said.

"Enough talk," Le'ara interrupted, placing her lips over mine. I returned her kiss with passion and ardor, but I was a little put off by the way she seemed to want to take charge. It dawned on me that I was desperately curious about what was going on in her mind. I had never known an elf, much less kissed one while reading her mind. I knew what an ego rush it would be. I could not resist a peek, and if you were me you would not have been able to resist either.

I imagined the stone fortress, everything coming to me quickly with all the practice I had of late. I pictured her beyond the arrow slit, only she was so close to me, it was as though she was kissing me through the arrow slit. I sensed her desire and how horny she was. She was ready for anything, that much was clear. I could not see past her to Cresania, however.

Just out of a whim, I pictured Le'ara inside of the stone fortress with me. My mind seemed to struggle with visualizing this, but I figured if I had her inside with me, I could still see her and read her mind.

When I finally managed to picture her inside with me clearly, I vividly imagined telling her that she would be a "very obedient elf slut." Then I turned to the arrow slit and used it to read Cresania's thoughts. Both elves were dying with anticipation to see my futa cock. Cresania wanted to be fucked about as badly as Le'ara did, but theyexpected Le'ara to go first.

Taking a moment to focus as I had practiced, I grew my futa cock out until it was significantly larger than Cresania's twelve inch monster. They both gasped and moaned with surprise and delight, as I knew they would. Le'ara was convinced that because she found me first, that she had a right to go first. I determined to confound her expectations.

"Le'ara, you've never had one this big before, have you?" I asked.

"No, but it should be okay. We at Faroldhomme have all been given an enchantment to make us stretch."

"Should be okay? Why aren't you sure?"

"Well, I've never tried to stick anything that big into me before."

"I have!" Cresania chimed in, as I knew she would. I grinned wickedly and beckoned her close to me. "Good, well we want to play it safe, so let's do a little stretch test run with Cresania. If she can take it, we know--"

"But it's my turn!"

"Why is that?" I asked.

"Because I saw you first," the elf said meekly.

At the time I did not really know the true legends of elves. I was just acting on instinct, and I was reading both of them, and I just knew that they would be disappointed by anything less than my complete domination.

"We don't play by those rules where I come from," I said. "Now you sit down there and watch me stretch Cresania out, and try to figure out whether you think this could get uncomfortable for you."

I grinned with delight when the elf obeyed my command, kneeling with her legs spread and casually draping one hand between her thighs. She was pale and immaculate and, like all elves, hairless from the nape down.

Cresania was in front of me then, competing for my attention. She was beautiful and alluring, with breasts I longed to kiss. I shrank back, however, when she drew close to me and our cocks bumped.

"Not like this," I said. "Turn around. There. Now spread your legs apart, like that," I said, her feet about a foot apart. She had a lovely gap between her thighs and a tight, rounded butt that I wished to admire. "Now, bend over. Bend at the waist," I instructed, and she did as she was told. This brought her puckered anus into view, as well as her hairless mound which was nestled on the underside of the base of her member. I noted that she had no scrotum nor testicles.

"Do you like what you see?" Cresania asked, looking back at me over her shoulder.

I nodded and smiled. Despite looking like a tight fit for the average guy, she was confident and eager for me to plunge into her depths. Her pussy was leaking fluids, her ass was dry but pink.

"You need to stay on your feet so that our friend can get a good view," I said, positioning myself behind the elf, who was bent forward with her palms braced against her thighs. "Perfect." I pushed my cock down to line it up with her bald pussy, and pressed the blunt tip up against her warm, wet folds. Cresania whimpered with need, and I pushed against her, nearly toppling her. She stumbled forward half a step. I reached forward to hold her hips as best I could with one hand while using the other to steady my raging hard tool. I pushed again, harder, and felt her opening starting to yield.

My cock was easily four inches across and it stretched her pussy tightly as I pushed it deeper. Inch after inch of my girth entered her tightness, every little sensation causing us to moan and sigh with pleasure. When I was about a third of the way in, I bottomed out in her vagina and my cock was making a very obvious bulge in her abdomen.

"Keep going, it's okay," Cresania whimpered. I had no intention of stopping.

I held her hips and pushed, feeling her pussy begin to stretch, even as the rippling walls around my crown and shaft seemed to remain tight, her roof yielded somewhat. Then I felt my tip pushing up alongside a plush ring surrounding a spreading void. Then quite suddenly, my cock slipped through her cervical opening. My cock was in her womb. Cresania moaned loudly, her thighs juddered as she experienced a mini climax.

"So good!" she panted. "You're in my womb!"

Le'ara watched, fascinated as Cresania's stomach bulged obscenely with my rigid insertion. The size and shape of the bulge alone was about the size of a large eggplant, and peaked three inches below her sternum, but I still had plenty of cock left to stretch her with.

I began making small thrusts, each time pushing a little deeper. Each time I stretched her body out a little further, each time her pussy and womb was forced to accommodate more of my monster futa cock. Still, her pussy seemed to yield less and less, growing tighter and more difficult to push through. With only about a hand of shaft to go, I was able to reach around and fondle her pert little breasts.

I clamped down on her nipples and pinched them. "C'mon, take it elf slut!" I slammed my hips into her hard, her whole body jolted by the impact. I gripped her breasts firmly and maintained the pace, sensing that she was close to cumming.

"What did you call me?" she moaned, barely audible over the wet sounds of her overstuffed pussy.

I am a slut! she thought to herself. She knows it, and that's what counts! She was happy about being called a slut. Sincerely proud and happy.

"You're an elf slut!" I repeated. I was dimly aware of where my inspiration for my words and domineering attitude was coming from. That warlock on the plane. It seemed to be pushing the right buttons, and Cresania found herself on the verge of orgasm. She was caught off guard by how commanding I was, treating her, an elder, like a futa cocksleeve. "You know you are, so admit it!"

"I'm.. ah! I'm so fucking horny right now!" she said. "I don't want to be a slut though!"

"Yes you do!" I insisted. "Alright Le'ara, watch what I do to this cocksleeve now!"

"Aannh!" Cresania wailed with pleasure.

I was thrusting fast into her, feeling my own climax rising. I was like a virgin, and after the first five thrusts I was already struggling not to blow. All the while I felt such an intimate and close connection to her, because I knew just how good it felt. Her body was preparing for a massive orgasm.

What was more, despite how foolish it was, she had fallen for me. She was even ready for me to get her pregnant, so that she could be the degraded elf slut I knocked up on the first try. It was just a wild fantasy for her, but she was so enraptured by the notion that it was stuck in the forefront of our thoughts.

"So, what was that you said, Cresania? Are you my elf slut or not? Say it!"

"I'm anything you want me to be!" she cried coyly.

"Well, only good sluts get knocked up," I reminded her. "Better let me know before I blow."

"Oh yes, knock me up! I'm your slut! Cum inside your fuck slut elf cocksleeve!"

I was right on the edge, and I slammed my cock into her as far as it would go, until my balls were slapping her clit loudly. My cock was stretching her gut out so ridiculously, I could feel her body pressing against my tip so deliciously. Le'ara was staring at the bulge of my shaft, plainly visible all the way from Cresania's belly to where it literally stood out apart from her body, between her breasts.

Just the thought of actually getting pregnant from an ignorant and arrogant human made her so happy she about lost it. Her pussy clenched and spasmed and her legs gave way. By some feat of strength I picked her up off her feet entirely, impaled on my arm-length cock. Her cock began spouting cum as she orgasmed.

"Hurry!" I told Le'ara, who was frigging herself unconsciously. I gestured for her to come closer to us, and she smartly made herself useful by engulfing the tip of Cresania's creamy fountain and swallowing all of her hot futa cum.

It was just too hot for me to deny myself any longer. With a feminine cry, I crested the wave of pleasure, the orgasm so powerful it threatened to make me collapse. I could not collapse, however, I had to stay deep inside the elf, pumping pints of cum directly into her womb. I moaned at the intense pleasure. My churning balls released a torrent of cum, and within moments the thin bulge in Cresania's stomach broadened and enlarged, her body inflated by the huge load of cum I was pumping inside of her. Her tight pussy and cervix kept any from escaping, and before we knew it her expanding belly had grown to the size of a beach ball, packed with cum.

She was very heavy and I was amazed that I had actually been bouncing her up and down just using my arms and cock and legs to hold her aloft. I knew I should have been exhausted, I should have collapsed under the weight, but I felt fine. I turned my attention to Le'ara.

"You're next, cock slut," I told her. She looked at me with terrified eyes. It wasn't me she was afraid of, but her own deeply held desires. Oddly, I sensed that she had a fascination with orcs, because they were known to be dominant and very well hung. She kept that a dark secret, afraid to tell a soul, but there it was. I decided not to let on, and felt a tinge of guilt for mind-reading, but I ignored it as usual. After all, I had to know as much about these elves as I could, without my coven sisters to guide me. I sensed that other elves fantasized about getting gang banged by orcs.

I laid Cresania on the soft mossy ground, withdrawing my cock from her pussy. I felt her cervix closing against my sensitive crown as I removed it, and I pulled out the rest of the way expecting cum to start pouring out, but there was only a very small trickle.

I turned to Le'ara, my cock getting hard once more. "Do you think you can stretch like that?" I asked her, rhetorically. We knew we were going to try anyway.

Just then, there was a low, flute-like whistling sound, like a set of pipes. By reading Le'ara's mind, I knew that it was an elf blowing a call on her hands. The melody was Le'ara's, they were calling her back to the grove.

"Le'ara," Cresania muttered drowsily when Le'ara seemed reluctant to heed the call.

"Duty calls," Le'ara said wryly, fully committed to the idea of ignoring the summons and facing the consequences later.

"I'm not done with Le'ara," I told Cresania. "Could you go in her place?"

"As you wish," Cresania said reluctantly.

"We'll meet again soon," I promised her. "Congratulations on the baby, by the way."

"Oh, that. Don't say that. We all know it is far past our time," Cresania said. "This feeling is wonderful though." She caressed her gravid belly while she walked over to where her white robes lay.

"Don't give up hope," I told her. "See what Mother Farold has to say. I hope you have a beautiful child. We, our child. Will he be a half-elf then?"

"I want a baby too!" Le'ara said, laying on her back and spreading her thighs as wide as they would go. I was surprised at her flexibility. "Go on Cresania, don't keep them waiting."
