 Hi. I was batting around a couple ideas and I came up with this one. I think it is fun and hopefully you will as well. Just by way of reminder, the story is fake. No one in the story is a real person. They are all made up characters in my head that I put down on paper. If you think it is you or someone you know, you are wrong, it is not. If you know anyone in the story, then you may want to get your medication updated. All persons in this story are eighteen or over, though none of them are real. The neighborhood is not real and neither is the grass in the yard next to the fake pool. 

I am writing this for entertainment purposes. It is not meant to mimic life events in the real world. It is fake. I suggest suspending disbelief and imagine what it would be like, if life were like this, for just a month or two. 

I welcome constructive criticism and, as a matter of fact, I suggest and appreciate constructive criticism. If you are not rating this a five, I'd like to know why so I can improve. I write and post for that purpose alone, to get better. Vote and comment so I know what you think. Thanks for reading and I hope this fuels your fantasies.

*****

I lived in a neighborhood that was a lot like most suburban neighborhoods around America. We mowed our lawn and kept it green, measuring our yards against one another in a permanent one upmanship that continued for well, pretty much ever. My dad had lived here and participated. He pushed my brother and I to participate as we grew up, and the expectation was that I would pass that participation on to my kids, I mean, if I ever had any. 

I was single and had just turned thirty the year that Bob moved in next door. Bob was a largish man, not fat, large, big boned like linebacker. I actually found out later that he was a second string linebacker in college. Now, he was a successful businessman, trading his time for money in an effort to elevate his family to the status of upper middle class or even lower upper class. Bah, I didn't worry about that shit. I guess it is easy to take my attitude when you have advantage. My dad made quite a lot of money in the stock market when he was younger and now he and mom lived their lives abroad. A few tips from him and my investments paid off as well. Because of that, and a sound spending plan, I was able to basically stay home and skip the whole working thing. 

When I looked around the neighborhood, one of the nicer neighborhoods in this particular 'burb, I noticed that a lot of the men and some of the women that lived here, spent more time away than they spent here. I mean, why get a home here, when you spend as much time at your office as you do here? 

Well, in Bob's case, it was a place to keep his women. He had three generations of women living with him. His wife's mother lived in the home with them, a beautiful woman in her late fifties. His daughter was just eighteen and had started at the college nearby in a pre-law/general education program. Then there was his wife. Sasha was a beautiful woman with light chocolate skin and long, sensuous legs that she loved to show off. Her primary mode of dress was short shorts with a high waist and cropped tops. She showed a lot of skin and such skin it was. And she was none too shy either. The master bedroom was outside my computer room. Early on, I discovered that every night at a bit after seven, she took a shower or bath. Though I couldn't see that part, the nearly sheer curtains in the bedroom did not hide anything when she disrobed. 

My yard had a pool and was an oversized lot because my dad paid extra for it when they started development of the suburb. It was also a corner lot. Because of that, I tended to throw parties at most all of the special occasions. This year, only a few months after Bob and family had moved in, I had my annual 4th of July party. I invited the block and a few others from nearby and had about fifteen families or roughly fifty to sixty people. It was about the limit of the capability of the yard to handle but everyone had a great time. Bob and Sasha as well as her mom Bekka met pretty much everyone and had a wonderful time. So wonderful that Bob was feeling a bit out of sorts at the end when he and Bekka called it a day and went home, dragging his daughter Megan along. Bob mentioned that Sasha would be happy to stay and help me straighten up. She stayed but I could see she was tired and just wanted off her feet. 

"Why don't you have a seat on the couch?" I said, "It will be a while before everyone is gone anyway. You look like your feet are hurting a bit." 

Eventually, people started wandering out. My peek through the window in the computer room showed Bob face down on the bed, passed out. I headed back out to the couch. Sasha was sitting with one of the lasts guests, while his wife stood nearby watching him unsuccessfully hit on Sasha. I placed my hand on the middle of her back, her skin soft and warm beneath my hand. 

"He has you and he's hitting on her?" I asked quietly and she leaned in, pressing her shoulder against my chest. 

"Some men don't appreciate what they have until it is gone," said Julia, "How come you don't have a wife?" 

"You are already taken," I said, and sniffed her red hair. Julie was a hot one. Pale skin that didn't seem to tan, auburn hair and big hazel eyes. She was usually in a wrap and a bikini like she was today. "Do you think he would notice if we slipped into the back room?" 

She sighed, "I think he would, unfortunately," she said, "and if he finishes that beer, you'll end up having him overnight, so I better get him home." she looked up at me and lightly kissed my lips. "Maybe I'll come by this week and say hi. With this heat wave, a swim would be nice." 

"If he passed out, maybe we... And any time, you're always welcome and desired," I said and she smiled and slipped over to her husband. They left and I flopped down on the couch. "Ah, finally," I said and looked over at her, "Did you have a good time, Sasha?" 

"I did, thank you for inviting me and rescuing me from Terry," she said. "But I spent more time on my feet than normal in these ridiculous heels that Bob wanted me to wear."

"Here, kick your feet up here and I'll rub them for you," I said. She turned sideways on the couch and laid her calves across my lap. I pulled off the shoe on the outside foot and started to rub it, digging my fingers into the knots I found there. 

"Oh goddess, that feels good," she said. She moaned slightly as I worked out the knots. 

"Did you say, goddess?" I asked, "Is it a particular goddess or just in general?" 

"Right then, oh yes, uh, right then it was in general," she said, "I am a pagan, learned from my mother and passed on to my daughter." 

I started on the second foot. She sat up a bit and propped a couple pillows behind her, "Wow, this tendon is a bit tweaked," I said as I worked the Achilles on her left ankle. "Did you twist it recently?" 

"About a week ago," she replied, "It was almost better until today." 

"I may have to rub higher, but I should be able to work it out," I said and waited for her response.

She paused but eventually said, "Okay." I got up and went to the bathroom and came out with some Icy/Hot cream and some latex gloves. 

"No latex allergies?" I asked and she shook her head. "Okay, well this goes on warm then cools and gives a lovely relaxation to the muscles. The tendon," I rubbed as I talked, "has pulled on the muscle enough to make it spasm. So, we loosen the tendon, then the muscle." I worked for a few minutes, "Then repeat the process and it will loosen more," I continued and she was relaxing into it more and more. I gave that leg a break and went to the other. She looked at me but didn't comment and I massaged her right calf then returned to the other. "Sometimes you have to leave it for a minute then go back." I dug in and felt a knot relax under my hand after a few more minutes. 

"Oh, I felt that, like a spring let loose," she said, "Is that it, am I cured?" I had stopped rubbing and pulled off the gloves. 

"Not cured, but more will only harm," I said stripping off the latex gloves and lightly caressing her shins, "The muscles need to acclimate and relax a bit. You might take a warm bath later, and wear socks to bed. But be cautious of inflammation. Look, I have some flats I think would be about your size. You'd be surprised how many things get left here and never claimed." I stood and laid her legs out flat, "Wait here a moment and let me get them." I went to the closet. I actually have two shoe racks in the front closet attached to the back wall. They were almost full of abandoned shoes never claimed by the guests that left them. 

I pulled out three pairs, a flat simple sandal, a set of flip flops with a thicker heel and a pair of deck shoes. I returned to the couch and she lifted her feet then put them back in place. I showed her the choices and she said, "I like the sandals, don't do well with flip flops and the others are okay." 

Unfortunately, the sandals were a half size too small though it was sexy wrapping them around her pretty ankles. The deck shoes fit perfectly. "There you go." I said, "Maybe not stylish, but far better on your feet and you really don't need the heels to make your legs look great." I admired her legs for a moment then continued, "Anyway, don't worry about helping out. It's Sunday night, go home, take that bath, relax. I'll probably go to bed and clean it all up tomorrow." 

"What time do you plan to get up? I could come over and help?" she said. 

"Oh, you don't have to," I began and she interrupted. 

"No," she said with a smile, "I insist." 

"Okay, I get up around eight or eight thirty, I usually have some breakfast, probably eggs and hamburgers tomorrow," I smiled, there were always lots of leftovers, "I tell you what, you get here at eight, I'll provide breakfast. Then we can clean and bring a suit, I saw you looking at the pool so I know you want to get in. We can have a swim when we finish and just talk." 

"That sounds fun," she said and swiveled her legs off my lap. I stood and, of course, being a man, had a bit of show going on in my suit. I extended my hand and she saw the bulge, blinked at it and then took my hand and stood. "Oh goddess it feels good in flats." she said with a smile and I walked her to the door, "Thanks for the massage, my feet feel a hundred times better." she moved in and hugged me and my arms went around her and I breathed in her exciting scent. Then she was out the door. 

I went to the computer room and watched. She came to the bedroom and looked down at Bob, taking up the whole bed, shook her head and stripped. She had a beautiful body. A trim little bush above those gorgeous legs and cute little B sized tits which looked just right above her only slightly flaring hips and beautifully shaped ass. Megan came in, wearing a see through nightie and looking just as hot as her mom with slightly larger breasts and less flare in her hips. They spoke softly for a few minutes and then Megan walked out. Sasha went into the master bath and a few minutes later I could see the steam. She walked back in and turned out the light in the master bedroom and left only a soft glow, probably candlelight in the bath. Then she was out of sight and I went to bed. 

I got up at 7:45 and watched as Bob left. He had an hour commute to his office and left this time most every day. I started working on the kitchen, cleaning up enough to cook. I had just put the burgers on to warm and started the eggs when the knock came on the door, "Come on in, it's open!" 

I glanced to make sure and it was Sasha, wearing a wrap which showed a whole leg with every step, sandals and a crop top. I could see she wore a one piece beneath it, "Good morning, neighbor!" she said, in an obviously cheerful mood.

I waved toward the bar, "Hello beautiful, how'd you sleep?" I asked. 

"Bah, I had to sleep with Megan last night," she said, exasperated, "Bob was passed out in the middle of the bed. And she is an active sleeper." 

I smiled and poured her some coffee then set sweetener and cream in reach as I went back to the eggs. She added a touch of cream, enough to lighten the coffee. "I like it that way too, just a bit lighter than black," I said and slid my fresh cup over. She added the cream and stirred for me as I plated the food. 

I poured myself a small glass of milk and offered some to her, she shook her head and said, "Any juice?" 

"I have apple and pineapple," I said she chose the apple. I slid onto the stool next to her and we dug in. From where we sat, the back yard looked pretty trashed. Beer cans, paper plates, left over half eaten food, spilled chips. As usual, a couple clothing items and a pair of shoes. There was even a purse. 

Sasha groaned, "Wow, it didn't look so bad last night." 

"Yeah, but it still won't take long," I said, "Pick up isn't as bad as you think, then I hose down the deck and often the walls, then the rest of the day for the pool." 

"I hope you don't mind I told Megan I'd call her when we finished cleaning so she could swim. We are kind of private and don't swim much with others around."

"Not at all, hey I'd like you to feel comfortable here," I said, "We're neighbors, for me, that's as close as I have to family. My parents are off in Asia right now and won't be back in the states for a year or two and my brother has a practice in South Africa."

"Oh, okay," she said and I took the dishes, scraped and rinsed them, then loaded them in the dishwasher. 

We started inside. Most of the mess was the kitchen and living room. My computer room was always locked during the parties and my bedroom as well. I did have a spare room with a futon and dresser and television for guests and as usual, it got some use. Per my direction, we only worried about clutter first, pick up and arrange only. Then we went outside and started on the trash. We filled two bags with trash and food, then pulled the three bags of cans and bottles out to my recycle. I let her rinse the patio while I ran a vacuum over the rugs inside and we were done. Sasha grabbed her phone from the counter to call Megan. 

"Ask if she's had lunch," I said, "I can make some burgers for all three as easy as two." 

Sasha called Megan and I started on lunch, for three. Megan just came in and she was in an eye popping bikini, every bit as pretty as Sasha though a bit less mature. I couldn't choose which one I thought was hotter. I made plates, burger, pickles, onion, tomato, lettuce and a slice of cheese on the side. I included a small pile of chips, a medium sweet pickle and a small glass of milk. We took our plates to the patio and I admit, I watched the sway of a pair of sweet women with desire. We chatted and laughed about some of the antics from the previous day. Megan mentioned how awesome the pool was. 

"Any time you want to swim, come on over, the side gate is not locked," I said, "You are welcome any time. Just try not to bring more than two friends at a time. I'd prefer to keep my paradise quiet." I smiled as I said it and glanced down at her body then back up to her eyes. She was lighter than her mom and I could see the blush, just barely, that went from clavicle to forehead and the little grin that accompanied it.

Most of the time, I wear a speedo in the water. Today was no exception. Yesterday, I'd worn a more conventional bathing suit, but I don't swim in those. I pulled off my shorts and there is just no hiding my size then. I am one of those men that don't shrink much and there was a bit under six inches showing in my suit as I walked down the stairs into the pool. I am also in pretty good shape, not rippling, but my muscles are firm and my core is strong. 

There are really two types of strong male bodies. There are the sculpted V shaped body builder types, then there are what I call the strong man type, or power lifters. I am the second type, though I am not a power lifter. That second type is more like a barrel than a V. There is no fat on my tummy, but it is the same size as my chest. This is to allow you to lift more weight with your arms, without hurting your back or frame. It was gratifying to see both girls stop and watch, though I appeared not to notice. Megan was the next in the water diving in and swimming a lap underwater as I watched Sasha unwrap. First went the crop top, revealing a neck loop top with a deep vee that dropped well past her breasts. Then came the wrap, revealing the French cut lowers and a touch of camel toe. She walked to the stairs and stepped in carefully. 

"I think my mom is so beautiful," said Megan, close behind me. 

"Indeed she is," I said and held out my hand for the last step. The girls swam about, obviously loving the water. "Why are you so private about swimming?" I asked Sasha and she turned to show her back. Her suit was completely backless down to just a bit of butt cleavage. Near her left shoulder blade was a tattoo of a pentacle, a witch symbol. I reached out and rubbed my thumb across it as Megan showed me hers and I did the same. 

Megan turned to me and said, "Some people just don't understand what religious freedom means in America." then she pointed out another tattoo below her left breast. It was three phases of the moon, one new moon, one full moon and one nearly empty moon. It was mostly in outline except for the new moon which was filled in with blue color. "This is the three fold nature of the goddess, represented by the moon. I am maiden," she said as she traced the new moon. "She is mother," then she pushed aside Sasha's suit and traced the full moon. Sasha's was filled in for the new and full moon, blue and green, while Sasha covered her bare breast. Then she was covered again and the two girls were swimming. Well, now I was rock hard. 

We swam a bit and exited the pool, I was still showing quite a bit and Megan came over to me as she dried, "Thanks for letting me come over, Mr. Cannon," she said, "I may take you up on the pool invitation." 

"Megan, please call me John, and I hope you do," I said with a smile, "It doesn't get used enough as it is. And if you wanted to have a party here sometime, I'd probably be willing to host for you and your friends, though there would be some rules." 

"How about I call you Mr.C?" she asked coquettishly, her arms squeezing and making her cleavage deeper. Then she continued, "There are always rules. I'll come by another time and talk them through with you." then she hugged me, her sexy young body exciting me all over again. She bit her lip then kissed me on the cheek and headed out. 

I turned to sit down and Sasha said, "It looks like Megan got your engine running?" and I knew I was on the edge of popping out since the speedo couldn't hide my entire erection. 

"Well, it is definitely not entirely Megan's fault," I said. 

"Thank you, and she is a bit brash at times," Sasha chuckled and said, "I thought you'd swallow your tongue when she bared my breast." 

I moved to my chaise and sat on the edge, "You know, if you keep talking like that, I'm going to make a serious pass at you." 

"Mmm, that sounds delicious," she said, "But there is a lot that comes with it if you do. Some men can't handle some of it." Her eyes were twinkling now and I moved to her chair, lifted her legs and sat then draped them across my lap, her thigh touching my member. I stroked my hand in short strokes between her upper calf and lower thigh across the inside of her knee. 

"Surely you know that statement was a challenge, not a warning," I said and she laughed again. She slid forward and lifted until she was on my lap and put her arms around me. 

"I do know, beautiful man," she said, "I said exactly what I intended." she lifted her right leg straight up and swiveled to face and straddle me, adjusting until my member was where she wanted it. Now I was nearly fully erect and I was peeking out of the top of my speedo. "Mmm, it seems you like what I'm doing, but I don't have the time to play today. I have a meeting with some of my fellows." She kissed me, then and I pulled her up against me. She groaned in the kiss and I unhooked the neck loop and ran my hands down the front of her body, dragging the top of her suit along and baring her breasts. 
