 Morgana of the Black Moon. Harbinger of Hell, Ransacker of the Righteous, Violator of Virgins. Her titles number as many as her sins, her infamous cruelty only matched by her unsurpassed beauty, renowned and feared throughout the land for her mastery of sorcery and seduction.

But, dear reader, she was not always so. Before she enshrouded the kingdom in darkness, before she forged the Black Knight, before she was Morgana of the Black Moon...she was Morgana. Simply Morgana. Born from a humble coven of simple means, named after one of the greatest witches in history, the young Morgana began her tutelage under the great Voroven, the oldest living disciple of Merlin himself! This, is her story...

*

Flashes of light played across the early morning sky, electric cerulean hues and vivid reds composed in a vaguely phallic shape as two witches made wild gesticulations from the green hill below. 

One was of short black hair and equally short stature, her features unremarkable except for her buxom chest, an effect of having a little extra weight. The other was of average height and blonde, her features pretty and girlish, possessed of a voluptuous body.

Morgana, the raven haired one, dropped down to her knees, exhausted from the effort. "I tell you Sophie, there's something to this sex magic! I know there is, it's the key to life itself!"

Sophie chuckled, an air of idiotic self satisfaction permeating her voice. "Well thanks for the pretty light show but I think I'll stick to my fireballs and lightning bolts, traditional magic is the way to go! At least I think..."

"You can't even cast fireballs yet!"

"Well yeah but Scarlett can, and it looks pretty useful, compared to a glowing cock!"

Morgana's skin crawled at the name. Scarlett. She was nearly everything Morgana wasn't. Tall, pretty, athletic but with incredibly large breasts, breasts that Morgana was sure weren't achieved by natural means. But that's what witches did. It didn't help that she had exceptional talent for sorcery, further inflating her ego. 

The one thing Morgana did have over her was drive. Ambition. She had to fight for every achievement, every bit of knowledge she acquired, whereas Scarlett had grown complacent, lazy from her gifts. She would show her yet, as Sophie's airhead voice broke her out of her musings.

"...besides what are you gonna do with a ghost cock, sex em to death? Fireballs can incinerate people!"

Morgana smiled. "Funny you should say that Sophie, as one's sexual arousal is very closely tied to one's life force, so in a manner of speaking, yes, I could drive them into an orgasmic grave."

A haughty voice penetrated the air. For a second Morgana thought it was her master, Voroven, but then it sounded too female, too arrogant without the wisdom to back it up. "What's this, the sad little virgin giving lectures on whore magic? Speaking from all your vast experience are we?" said Scarlett, her fiery red hair bobbing as she walked up behind Sophie.

Morgana's face flushed red in embarrassment, her virginity was a sore subject for her, but she was obstinate in not changing her form to be more desirable. She did not want to be something she wasn't like all the other witches. What angered her more was the hypocrisy of Scarlett, well known for her dalliances with their master, for more secrets and favors.

"You're one to talk Scarlett...on vast experience."

Scarlett's emerald eyes flashed in rage for a moment, before furrowing her face with well practiced indignation. "I haven't the faintest idea what you're talking about! Why is it always the virgins who know the most about seduction? Hmmm? Perhaps someone isn't as chaste as she would want us to believe..."

She flicked her hair back dramatically, her heavy cleavage jiggling from the motion as she stared Morgana down. "But what else would you expect from someone named Morgana? Never before or since has such a lying harlot caused so much pain and suffering...you may surpass her yet..." 

Morgana blew Scarlett over with her wand before straddling her to the ground. "You bitch!" she cried as she held her hand over the redhead's pubic mound, a purple glow seeping into her quickly moistening sex. Scarlett gasped, her large tanned breasts wobbling in her skimpy witch outfit as her fingers dug into the earth, intoxicated from the wonderful sensations.

Sophie stood by, struck with indecision and watching with growing arousal as her fellow pupils pawed at each other. Morgana's lips glowed before kissing Scarlett intensely, their ample breasts pressing into each as both moaned into each other's mouths. Scarlett's immense bronzed cleavage contrasted starkly against Morgana's pale globes, even with their clothes on, Sophie could tell Scarlett's breasts far outsized that of Morganas'.

Morgana started rubbing Scarlett's sex through her dress, the fabric chafing exquisitely against her nub while her other hand groped one of the redhead's abundant breasts, squeezing hard as her palm dragged against her nipple, eliciting more moans from the writhing witch. Before it could get even more heated, a whistle resounded through the air as Morgana was knocked back.

Voroven had arrived, his regal wizard robes fluttering in the aftermath of his separation spell. He stroked his graying beard as he spoke, clearly enjoying the sensation it created as well as the grizzled but dashing image it imparted on his acolytes. "My my...what have we here? I daresay Sophie, we were almost witnesses to a rare act of lesbomancy! Well actually, truth be told, it's not THAT rare...but still! Impressive Morgana!" 

He walked over to the petite witch, giving her a hand up as he looked over to his other pupil, Scarlett, breathing heavily, her ripe breasts rising ever so softly to her breath. Voroven's mouth watered. He got that, every night. Sights like these often reminded him of why he got into wizardry. Well, plus he had no choice either, being the third son of a third son, he was destined for a magical calling, and the bastards who kidnapped him from his crib made sure of it.

Sophie helped Scarlett up as Voroven spoke, the redhead miffed that her lover didn't lend her a hand. "A delightful display Morgana, but ultimately fruitless. Unless you intend to run a very interesting brothel, I'm afraid all you'll ever get out of sex magic is parlor tricks."

"Told you!" jeered Sophie and Scarlett in unison.

Voroven shot the two a steely glare, his jaw clenching. "Shut up. I know girls will be girls but I won't have any more of this ridiculous infighting, it is most unbecoming! You are witches of the White Sun coven, act as such! As for you Morgana, I forbid any more practice of sex magic. Am I understood?"

"Yes master..." they all said, staring at the ground like scolded children.

"Good!" said the old wizard, a jovial grin lighting up his face as he put his arms behind the girls. "'Tis a beautiful morning, a beautiful day! Today is the day, ladies! You will graduate from wands to scepters, the next step on the path to ultimate arcane power. Your lives will never be the same!"

The four left the grassy hill in good spirits, Voroven not knowing how true his words would prove to be...

***

The three witches knelt outside a looming white tower, their home and their school, Voroven's abode since time immemorial. Birds chirped and flitted from the waving, verdant trees, happy to be alive in the spring weather. An aura of happiness permeated the domain.

Voroven stepped out of the tower, three scepters strapped to his back as he strutted forward, eager to dole them out. He called each witch up separately, giving them a word of encouragement, shaking their hand, and then bequeathing his gift.

Morgana walked up last, eager to claim the final staff. Her scepter was of finely wrought wood, spirals leading to the top with a crystal at the end. The shaft had white roses growing out of it. It was simple and modest, much like its owner.

Voroven looked over Morgana, the front of her dress sown up like a corset, barely hiding the bulging cleavage within. He sighed, wishing she dressed as provocatively as his other students, as he looked over to Scarlett whose deep cleavage bounced sensually, rejoicing in her new gift. He couldn't wait to fondle her when he was done.

"Thank you Master Voroven." said Morgana, her clear voice breaking him out of his daydream. 

"Ah yes, no problem my dear!" he grinned, delicately laying the staff in her hands. Her face lit up in joy. Such a simple pleasure. She looked back at him expectantly, anticipating a few words of wisdom.

Voroven put his hand on her shoulder, before taking a deep breath. "Morgana, I must be frank. When you first came here, you were the epitome of unremarkable. I say the epitome because most unremarkable witches remedy their unremarkability by dropping their knickers in lieu of actual talent. But you didn't do that, much to my initial disappointment. You kept on fighting, struggling, powering through rigorous studies. And while you're not the strongest witch, the most intelligent or even the most attractive, you've got something they don't. Heart, lots of heart and the will to drive forward."

Morgana's eyes welled up, ignoring his barbs while soaking in his praise. "Really?"

"Of course!" He patted her on the back, leading her away from the other girls. "Much like your namesake...I think you're destined for greatness! Your spirit is so..." he looked distant, searching for something profound. "Pure. Pure pureness in all its purity." he winced at his own words, relieved that Morgana was idolizing him too much to notice. 

"Master and apprentice. How touching." said a woman from the trees. Voroven frowned at the familiar voice. His frown turned into a grimace as the she-devil sauntered out from the woods.

Clad in all black, the voluptuous woman stepped forward. She looked older than most witches, but still extremely attractive. Like most of her kind, she had her enormous cleavage out on display, barely covered by a thin negligee. Her hair was a frosty white, not borne of maturity, but of spellcraft, glowing with sorcerous vitality.

Voroven seethed, his eyes narrowing. "Drusila...." 

Drusila curtsied, her milky globes shaking with the movement. "Long time no see Voroven."

"Not nearly long enough. Ladies, this is Drusila, Witch of the..." he stumbled, wracking his brain for answers.

"Our Dark Lady of the Weeping Ruby and Singing Dagger's of the Laughing Ghost Goat coven."

"Good god woman that is a mouthful!"

"You are still referring to the coven, yes?"

Voroven chuckled. "Hmm, yes, you clever strumpet! What brings you here? Not here for that damned stone again are you? The answer is the same...."

"No not again. Just heard through the grapevine that the White Sun coven is moving up in the world..."

"Truly, you heard well!" he said, as he went on to introduce his witches. Drusila's eyes glazed over during the introductions as she focused on Scarlett. She sensed something within the depths of her heart. Envy. Malice. The beginnings of darkness. She stifled a moan as she thought of dragging her soul into the abyss, dreaming of making her a dark disciple.

"Riveting." she said as Voroven finished his introductions. She swaggered closer to him, swaying her hips and pushing her chest out to his face, her gravity defying breasts immediately capturing his attention. "Tell me more about your wonderful tower..." Voroven helplessly stared into her lush cleavage as she put a hand behind her back, flickers of violet light trailing from her finger tip, snaking to the ground as it made its way to Scarlett's scepter.

As Voroven droned on about ancient history, Drusila nodded and smirked from time to time, feigning interest. She wanted Scarlett as hers. Sophie too, the dowdy Morgana would be good for spell practice. She couldn't risk overtaking them directly, Voroven would turn her to ash in the attempt. Instead her darkness engulfed Scarlett's scepter, the pink crystal at the top of her staff cracking and turning deep red underneath the blight of her evil. 

Scarlett tensed for a moment as she felt something enter her. It was dark...yet not. She had been well versed in defense against the dark arts but this was something new. Something deliciously good. Black magic was known for causing excruciating pain, but this was bliss. She felt it coming from her scepter and immediately hugged it close to her body, feeling a sense of intense ownership over it as the pleasurable feelings magnified.

Her breasts tingled and her pussy moistened, prompting her to make subtle grinding movements against the rod, trying not to cause a commotion in front of the others. Her breath became heavy again that day, as she sensed an orgasm coming on, finally able to finish what Morgana started. That cow. Feelings of envy boiled up within her. Was she not more talented and beautiful than Morgana? Then why did Voroven treat her so special!? 

She was overcome with feelings to just give in as her body trembled, quivering with anticipation for release, with little pangs of caution flaring in her head if she did give in to her desires. Sound from the outside world faded, only the pounding of her racing heart resounded through her mind, lost in the sensation of her juices running down her thighs as her throbbing pussy neared explosive release. 

She looked to the sky, her eyes dilating, letting out a quiet gasp as the infectious evil swam through her soul. She saw herself sowing ruin and chaos, being beautiful forever. Eternal pleasure beckoned, and realizing she could not fight her fate, she surrendered, overcome as a tidal wave of pleasure and darkness crashed down on her mind, sending her body reeling into searing pleasure, her nerves overcome with orgasmic bliss.

"And they say its the biggest in all the land." finished Voroven, a smile of content blessing his face, marveling at his own impressive knowledge of history as well as his impressive view of Drusila's spectacular breasts.

"Fascinating." said Drusila.

Their moment was interrupted as Scarlett's scream pierced the air. Voroven spun around, seeing she had fallen to the ground. All three ran up to the writhing witch. Sophie cradled her head, Voroven peering over curiously, while Morgana kept her gaze steady on Drusila.

"Hmmm...most curious.." he mused, stroking his beard as he watched Scarlett grope her breasts, the pressure from her palms creating an arousing swell on her chest.

"What happened?" said Morgana, keeping her eyes on Drusila, who looked on with unhealthy fascination.

"A wizard did it." he said, breaking his gaze away from her perfect chest. "Most likely a bee."

"A bee!?" gasped Morgana in disbelief. "Bees don't do this..."

"Magic bees do. A wizard likely enchanted it so it could bring him magic honey. Very good stuff."

"Of course." Morgana rolled her eyes, always hating that explanation, for its simplicity and for how correct it often was.

"Take her to the infirmary, I'll see what I can do." Voroven turned to Drusila, giving her a cordial handshake. "For once, a pleasure, now shoo. I've got a student to save."

Drusila allowed herself a fleeting glance at Scarlett, smirking as she returned the wizard's gesture. "Of course. Give Scarlett my best, and good luck with the coven!" she bowed, before turning into a flock of ravens, spiriting herself away from the wizard's tower.

The witches and the wizard carried the mumbling Scarlett into the tower. Voroven couldn't help but notice she seemed aroused, her crotch damp. That was odd, even magical bees couldn't do that. Unless they were enhanced with sex magic, but even then the only practitioner he knew within a thousand miles was walking right next to him. The plot thickens, he pondered.

Scarlett moaned as they laid her down on the bed, her eyes fluttering as she tried to finger herself. "Ahhh...unngh...can feel it...deep..deep inside me...changing...so good..."

"What does it mean?" said Sophie, her dull mind unusually inquisitive.

Voroven stroked his magnificent beard before whishing it to the side in an excessive gesture. "Clearly it means she needs me inside her! In the dream world she is imagining me, ploughing her 'till kingdom come. The only way to break her out of it, is to do the reciprocal in the real world!" he grinned, clearly enamored with his "duty".

He put his arms behind Sophie and Morgana's back, pushing them out the door. "You two go have fun while I save your friend. She'll be as good as new in no time!"

Morgana protested, she wasn't fond of Scarlett but something had to be done. "But what about Drusila? She was fine until she showed up!"

"Yeah!" Sophie joined in, as if by instinct.

"My dear Morgana, she was fine until the bee showed up! Don't go off bothering Drusila, she is a cruel hag, best left at arm's length and always in front of you! And I won't have another war between the covens so don't do it!" he slammed the door in their faces, an echo of glee emanating from within as he began to save Scarlett.

***

In the late afternoon sun, Sophie and Morgana stood before Drusila's hut. It struck them as unusual that it was made of gingerbread, as something so delicious was usually an omen of evil within witchcraft circles, but they pressed on.

Sophie stomped forward, her long blonde hair shimmering in the bright sun as she placed her hands on her hips in a dominant manner. "I'll deal with her." she declared, sporting a tough look across her face.

Morgana was surprised by her initiative. "Really?"

"Yeah! She probably did that...stuff, to Scarlett! She must pay. Wait near the stream, if thing's go bad, you know what to do."

Morgana actually had no clue what to do, but nodded as if she did, appreciative of Sophie's confidence as she ducked down by a nearby stream.

Sophie knocked on Drusila's edible door. The door creaked open slowly. Drusila peered through with a predatory look on her face, her eyes flashing in a yellow glow. "How may I help you child?" she purred, her eyes darting around Sophie, looking for others.

Sophie looked deep into her eyes, feeling an immediate need to hold her, make love to her. Her pussy twitched underneath the witch's stare, longing to grind against her curvaceous body. She was barely able to shake herself out of the woman's thrall. "You can help by telling me what you did to Scarlett!"

Overhearing the two, Morgana slapped her palm to her face, cringing at Sophie's naivete. This couldn't go well.

"Of course child! Come inside and you will have the answers you seek..." she said, her eyes flashing yellow once more.

"Ok!" the young witch said, thinking her will was her own. Her eyes gravitated towards Drusila's thick bottom, sheer cloth showcasing her sculpted cheeks, bouncing with every step as she walked inside.

The inside of Drusila's hut was as lavish as its owner. Luxurious carpets coated the floor, plush velvet cushions laid against the windows and an aroma of jasmine and lavender streaked the air. In the middle of the room, was a broiling cauldron, pouring savory scents into Sophie's senses.

Sophie reclined into a cushion, letting out a long sigh from how supernaturally soft it was. She watched Drusila churn her cauldron, the fire underneath illuminating her immense cleavage, shaking gently from her churning.

Sophie felt a fog enter her mind, her will was becoming less responsive, but still managed to make an idle observation. "Drusila? W-why...how do witches always have such large chests?"

Drusila paused, licking her lips as she looked at her prey. "How do dragons fly? Magic my dear!"

The blonde began playing with her breasts, large and soft as certain feelings began boiling within. She couldn't help it. "Oh...sssounds like ssomething my m-master would say..." she slurred, her mind twisting into more lurid thoughts. 
