 I felt soft and smooth with these pantyhose on, it was an entirely novel feeling. While my girlfriend was out, I had decided to try on a pair of her soft silk pantyhose. Feeling the cool and light pantyhose over my legs I could not but help feel that I should have shaved my legs before putting these on! And yet this was such a strange thought, as I had never before considered shaving my legs. I touched the finger tips to the top of the pantyhose and shivered as if cold. Waves of pleasure began to emanate from my midriff, and I could not help but feel turned on. It was not simply the pantyhose, but the idea of putting them on and becoming someone else. Someone, attractive, sexy, voluptuous... All of the words that I could think of, seemed to be synonyms for my 'ideal girl'. I had envisaged a dark haired beauty during my nights of slumber. Until trying on these pantyhose I had thought that that had merely been a wet dream, but now I could sense that with these on... I need not date such a girl, I WOULD be that girl. I began to breath more quickly, my heart started to beat triple time-thunk, thunk Thunk!-

The pressure in my mind and in my body was building, and it was at that point that I felt my right hand move as if unbidden to my penis. I began to pump hard and fast while picturing this dark haired beauty. I wanted to see her, but all I could see was a faint image. Disappointed with my lack of creativity I pulled my hand off my cock and tried to calm myself down. I tried listening to music, but of course 'Every little thing she does is magic' by The Police started playing, and the previously faint image of the dark haired girl began to appear once again. Except this time she was no longer faint, I could clearly discern her clothes and her hair style. She was a bit shorter than I was with shoulder length auburn hair and sky blue eyes. She had two stud earrings, a black leather skirt and a leather jacket. What peaked my interest the most however, was that she had on a bra that I recognised! I had not made a habit of wearing bras or even really paying much attention to bras, but I instinctively recognised my girlfriend's frilly, black, c cup bra. It was then that I noticed my left hand start moving towards my cock, with a grunt of exasperation I leapt out of my bed only to see my mp3 player come crashing to the ground. 'Fuck!' I exclaimed! 

After a quick inspection, I noted that the mp3 player had only suffered minor damage. I, on the other hand, was practically hyperventilating. I was desperate to find that bra that I had so briefly, but tantalisingly, seen in my mind's eye. Horny beyond all control I began pulling clothes out of our shared drawers in an attempt to find the bra worn by the beauty dressed in black. After pulling out three drawers full of my girlfriend's underwear I began to feel a surge of fear. 'Where the hell was that damn bra!' I sat down on my bed and allowed my heartbeat to come under control. Following the surge of hormones I began to feel a bit lightheaded. As I stretched back on the bed I felt a coarser, but somehow more sensual material than my high thread count doona beneath my left hand. Without even looking I swung the bra with my free left hand (my right hand had once again gone for my cock) around to observe with my eyes. It was indeed that same black and frilly bra that I had seen during my short vision. It was then that I noticed some strange attraction between my nipples and the bra, it was if there was some gravitational pull. Surprised, and a little alarmed, I tried to push the bra away, but it remained stationary in spite of my panicked strength. 

The bra began to edge towards my body little by little, but of course by now I had completely given in to the expected sense of relief. Somehow it felt not only natural to wear this bra, but extremely HOT! With my right hand well and truly pumping my cock close to orgasm I ushered the bra into its new place on my body and then... starlight! Explosion! I was transforming! But not in a way that made immediate sense. Where my cock had been there was a pink rod with a heart at the end. I waved my right arm counter clockwise 360 degrees with this new rod in my hand. Except this time the rod seem to detach from by body. The rod seemed to be made of a pink coloured metal of some kind, and as I waved the rod, I felt new weights magically appear on my chest. There was no mistaking them! They were breasts, and sizeable ones at that. Before I could gasp my arm pushed my hand to the sky and flicked the rod above my head. Once the rod left my hand an exasperated sound left my body, except this was not my usual voice. 

Gone was the dry and husky voice of my manhood, and in its place was a high pitched but orgasmic sounding scream. It almost sounded like a woman in ecstasy. I began to blink now, surprised but somehow hornier than I had already been. I noticed that my eyelashes had somehow grown and that my lips felt both fuller and more sensitive. As the rod came tumbling down to earth I caught it in my left hand and then felt some added weight over my body. Suddenly the outfit that I had picture earlier, appeared on the girl that I now was. The black leather jacket and the black leather skirt that I had seen earlier were suddenly affixed to my body, and I could not help but notice some goth makeup on my face. The starlight faded and returned to sit down on my bed. I looked at what my cock had become and noted that there was a soft pink dildo on the other side. 'That would come in handy later' I thought, and I began smiling. 

The clothes that I was wearing were very tight, and yet I wanted to try out my new form. I resolved to slip a finger into my newly formed vagina. Without taking my clothes off, I began to explore the rippling pink folds with my index finger. After fingering my girlfriend enough times, I thought I had worked out the location of clitoris. Mine however, seemed to be in a completely different place. I began to frown as I realised I could not feel the clit anywhere. Suddenly though, just beneath a fold, I detected a slight nub and my legs began to spasm as if caught in an electrical storm. Suddenly I felt waves of pleasure emanating from this spot, and resolved to push my finger back and forth as hard as I could muster. It was too hard and painful at first, but somehow that was also a turn on. The folds filled with pre-cum and suddenly it felt like a water slide, but it also started to feel amazing! I started to scream with pleasure 'oh! Oooooo! OOOOooooo'! Suddenly the squeals hit a higher pitch and I felt my body begin to spasm out of control. I yelled yes! And then suddenly, all I saw was pink. 

I lay down exhausted. I had resolved to masturbate many more times, and while I had organised many more times and experienced pleasure that I had never experienced as a man, I never did see that pink cloud again. As I lay there, my body drenched in its own cum (thankfully I had the sense to take off my skirt after the first orgasm), I began to wonder what the pink cloud meant. After seeing it I had felt more relaxed, sensitive and interested at the prospect of filling what I now thought of as my 'lonely v'. In short, I realised, I had begun to feel more feminine. Craning my neck to the side I looked longingly at my nails and thought of a nail colour that I thought would look cute, suddenly my fingernails turned crimson red as if triggered by my thoughts. Without gasping this time, I simply admired my nails and noted how much time I had saved by simply wishing them to look that way. It was at that moment that my girlfriend turned her key, pushed open the door and began to stare at me with lust in her eyes.