 It was raining on the day I turned eighteen. Soft, velvety droplets of grey ash fell from the morose sky as my stomach turned over and over again in excitement. Today is the day I become a woman, I thought with nervous anticipation. 

My Don woke me up by shaking me and pulling on my hair, and as I looked into her luminescent green eyes I remembered what this day meant. I looked around at all the other Girllets lying on their tough mattresses. Some with green skin and some with purple skin, we were like a rainbow of slumbering body parts. I tiptoed quietly outside until I was in the washing-room. Looking into the reflective glass on the wall, I assessed my appearances.

I was an average Venusian Girllet (no - now I'm a woman!, I reminded myself). My skin was a pretty lime green colour that glowed quite nicely in the dark, with jet black hair and bloodred eyes. "Those eyes will have the men reeling!" My Don used to say. I smiled at myself then, my lips stretching over pearly-white teeth. That was the last moment of quiet aloneness I had. My Don rushed in with some of the bodyguards and they took me away for the prepping ceremony. 

Of course I wasn't allowed to see myself before the Display. All I knew was what I'd seen from my sisters' Displays. They put colours on your lips, nose, eyes; and dress you down.

When the time came, I wasn't even nervous. Just excited. Hormones coursing through my veins, I didn't have to be nervous about my wetness. I reflected back on the last-minute lessons the Don fervently told me while I was being prepared in the prep-room.

"Make yourself wet.. that is the only way you will be chosen"... I knew that whatever activities he chose for me would be pleasurable, as I'd been amply prepared for this day. I hope he's not gentle, I muttered to myself as I was pushed through the doorway and out onto the stage. "He won't be," the Don told me with a wink and a smile.

"Presenting..." The Don paused for effect, "Mahi-la! She has performed to near perfection throughout her training, and exhibits an exceptional zeal and affinity!"

"Za! Za! Za! Za! Za!" I looked out at the men below and was astonished. They chanted the traditional word of erotic approval, cocks standing straight out before them. Smiling wide, I had never been prouder of myself. I would have many to choose from.

"Mahi-la will now sit and any men interested may come up and inspect her. Of course, as a high achieving Girllet, it will ultimately be her decision as to whom she forms a couple with."

I sat on the cashmere-embroidered cushion put out for me and waited patiently as the men formed an eager line. A warm breeze batted at my bare skin as I sat in the traditional split-position. Feet pointing to opposite ends of the stage, I was grateful for the lack of friction on my cunt. Clily prominent, I leaked my juices onto the rich fabric.

The first man who came up was very gentle. He smiled warily at me, and gently prodded my small and pert breasts. My nipples already stood at attention. He didn't touch anything else of me, however, and so then it was my turn. I looked at his cock up close. A nice dark forest green colour, it was of decent size. However when I touched it I saw that it was not at full attention. 

"I like mine hard," I told the Don, who nodded and told the man he was not chosen.

Man after man came up to examine me, some gently fingering my cunt to feel for tightness, others far more preoccupied with the size of my jaw when fully open. One man went so far as to take my head and attempt to put his meat inside (which I would not have minded), however as his purple head drew closer and closer, one of the guards stepped out from the shadows and roughly hauled him off.

Finally there were around half of the men remaining. I had kept all those who had interested me off to the side, so that I could then compare them against each other when it came to decide the one. I wish I could have more, I thought to myself sheepishly, and then chastised myself for being so selfish.

The next man walked slowly up to me. He was considerably bulkier up top than many of the others, which I liked, and his skin was a dark earthy brown, which I also liked. He looked in my eyes and, turning to the Don, grinned at their colour. "Bloodred," he said to simply state his approval. He then rubbed his muscular hands together and massaged my breasts, feeling for their firmness and size. 

"May I bite?" He asked the Don, who nodded.

He gently bit my brown nipples, which began to tingle. My fingers fluttered helplessly at my sides, as I could begin to feel a dull ache deep inside my pussy. He abruptly sat down, and asked me to spread my thighs. I eagerly spread myself eagle, my hairless pussy opening with a slight wet sound. Licking his middle finger, he gently put it inside, and as he did so I tensed my muscles down there as hard as I possibly could. I could hear him growl slightly, and assumed that meant he approved of my strength. 

"She has the strongest pussy muscles of anyone in her class," the Don said proudly. "Even when she is no longer virgin, she will feel tight as she is today."

The man nodded, indicating it was my turn. "Your stamina?" I asked him in a high voice.

"Over an hour of rough fucking," he answered.

I smiled sweetly and grabbed his brown cock. Squeezing it, I felt how hard it would be in my tight pussy. It was big, too. The thickest of any I had seen thus far, and at least seven inches long.

"Turn," I commanded. He turned obediently so I could see the full profile. His manly face and neck and back and shoulder muscles seemed to loom above me while I sat, still in eagle position. His cock stood out at a perfect angle, exactly perpendicular to his body. 

"I'll take him. Tell the others to go home," I informed the Don. He did so, and handed my new mate his traditional mate-garb. The tight shorts coated his body skin-tight, and I looked at his painfully enclosed rock-hard cock with ever-increasing greed. The pillow I had been resting on was now coated with my juice, and my mate closed his eyes and sniffed the hair, drinking in my love-scent. 

"Come," he said to me roughly. We left the stage, and with that I left my Girllet home behind.

"What is your name?" I asked him quietly.

"Fon."

We didn't talk again until we got to the temple. Mounting the marble steps together, hand in hand, I gradually grew more and more excited. I looked down at the street one last time before we entered the temple, and saw naked women all over. Mated women, tied forever to one cock as I would soon be. 

Thankfully there was no one else in the temple but the priest. He was absolutely covered in white silken robes - an odd sight if ever I saw one. 

Fon informed him that we were to be Mated, and so he prepared the prayerbook. After saying the ancient prayers (in words which I did not understand), he informed us that Mating was to begin.

"Display." He told me, and I did. Lifting my arms high over my head, I pushed my chest out and into my Mate's face. I then turned around and lay on the floor with only my ass remaining high in the air. I waited there until Fon ceremoniously slapped both cheeks. Hard. 

They were tingling and my whole body was shaking with need as I turned back around so that we faced each other and I lay back. My whole body on the cold stone floor, I opened my legs into the splits in mid-air so that I priest could examine my cunt. Pushing his thumb and forefinger inside, he informed my soon-to-be Mate that I was a virgin pussy, and suitably wet. 

"Congratulations," he told us, before leaving for one of the back rooms in the temple. He was scarcely outside of the room before Fon shredded off his ceremony shorts and freed his massive hard meat. In no time he was over me with my head still on the stone, slowly lowering his cock into my waiting mouth. 

I didn't even really have to do anything, as he pumped his big cock in and out of my mouth, always just deep enough to make me gag slightly. I was in heaven lying back there, keeping my mouth open for his cock to plunge into. He soon decided he was done, and I was glad because my pussy was aching more than ever before. 

He returned to the foot of my body and placed my feet on each of his broad shoulders. Looking up quickly into his eyes I saw an absolute animal lust and need, and I quickly became very confident we would have a good hard first fuck. Grabbing his cockhead for myself, I lined it up before the outside of my wet pussy. I then grabbed his asscheeks and squeezed, guiding him into me.

I felt as if I was being slowly stretched and ripped apart by him, as he was just as hard as I had thought he would be. Finally he was in all the way and I enthusiastically propped myself up on my elbows to see my pussy opening which was so taken over by his thick shaft.

Fon surprised me then, when he saw me begin to sit up, as he roughly pushed me back down by my breasts. My head hit the stone not too hard, but so that it certainly buzzed, and he began pumping in and out of my fast and hard. Each time he pulled out his head nearly left my body (and I couple of times, by accident, it did fall out with a wet 'pop'), and when he pushed back inside he went all the way so fast that all I could feel was a whir of friction inside me before a wet 'smack' of his balls slapping against my ass. 

I soon began moaning loudly, as all I could think of was this huge cock pumping my pussy so fast I could hardly breathe. 

"Milk me!!" He shouted, and I remembered my training. 

Tensing my muscles as hard as I could, I tried to make my virgin pussy even tighter for him, but I couldn't feel a shred of difference because I was so stuffed anyways. It seemed to work, though, as he soon began grunting and growling and making feral sounds.

"ANNGGHH!!" 

"Ooooooh!" I shrieked. 

He then seemed to remember something as his face lit up and he looked in my eyes and smiled. 

As he reached down with his big hand I suddenly felt a pleasant burning sensation where he was fucking me with his big meat.

He's scratching my nub! I thought happily, and before long I wasn't capable of thinking anything at all. My muscles had gotten tired of tightening and releasing him, so I just decided to stay tight.

"Oh yes, you pretty pussy!" He cried. 

'Slap', 'slap', 'slap' I heard as he ran his cock into my wetness, and then a 'pop' as he occasionally slipped out too far. 

The warmth in my cunt was spreading and turning into a searing fire. Finally he yelled "You better cum, pussy!", as I did just that.

"Ooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh!" I cried as he came at the same time, and spewed his load into me. My pussy pulsated around his shrinking cock until we were both lying one on top of the other, utterly spent.

I opened my eyes just in time to see the priest hurrying away from his vantage-point by the doorway, and then I remembered - we were now Mated.