 Connor Greenmaul looked over the skies. The dusky hue of evening was just happening to head over the brightly lit sky. Connor paced nervously.

This was not Connor's favorite time of the season. For it was when the bright, white hue of the full moon came over the skies that Connor's life took a rather ghastly turn. The clouds darkened the skies and the moon cast its beams towards a sullen earth. A single beam of moonlight shown down, radiating itself upon Connor.

He could feel it at first, tugging at him, ever so lightly, and the gentle outward pull that would herald the first beginnings of the change. The hair upon his forearms and face began to grow thicker, fuller. He leaned his head back, and opened his mouth wide, the silent scream dying, before it was even uttered.

His teeth hummed and grew sharp, emerging as fangs. His ears elongated, and turned pointed. In the midst of all the pain, Connor wondered how Tanya was fairing with all this…

Tanya Greymalic, was not fairing at all well. Her sheets were askew on the bed, and spasms of pain wracked her body. Her hands clambered for her throat, and they dove underneath the neckline of the silk nightgown that she was wearing. 

It was getting way too tight.

Tanya felt as her fingers elongated, becoming bony protrusions. Fingernails erupting at a massive rate, growing into claws.

Her nose grew longer, and more taunt, like that of a dogs… or a wolf. Her mouth and nose seemed to mold into one, becoming one, long shape. As she arched her back to the pain, her arms drew outwards, and shredded the nightgown.

She went to her window, jumping out of it in one swift movement, naked underneath the moons glow.

The hair upon her head seemed to grow at a rapid rate, becoming almost liquid. The three-foot long ponytail that she normally wore grew even more so, and spread outward. Adhering itself to her nude body.

The hair upon her head was not the only thing that as growing however, as the hair between her legs starts to ooze down the rest of her. Covering her legs and feet.

Her back was also covered, and the hair was starting to cover over her chest and breasts as well. Her heart raced as the transformation came to a close, and Tanya raced out into the night.

Her lover was waiting for her.

Connor and Tanya had met at their last year in high school. Tanya was an energetic 18-year-old while Connor was twenty. She immediately had fallen head over teakettle for the enigmatic boy with the blonde hair and winning smile.

They had become an item, much to her parents chagrin. They cared little for Connor's lackadaisical outlook towards his studies, and feared that he would have a similar effect on Tanya with her work… 

Tanya, who, up until this point was a straight 'A' student.

The two started spending more and more time together, and as her parents had feared Tanya's performance had faltered.

In sheer desperation, they had given an edict. 'Stop seeing that boy or else!' Her father had roared as the family had sat across the breakfast table one morning.

Tanya had taken her fathers words to heart, nodding as he spoke, and listening kindly. 'All right father.' She had picked up her school bag and headed out to wait for the bus, already realizing that a plan was formulating deep in the recesses of her mind. When the first bell rang for the morning classes, she knew that she would have to get together with Connor.

Connor was seated on one of the tables in the outdoor common area when Tanya had found him, later that day.

'What's up toots?' He had asked her with a wolfish grin.

'My parents ordered me to stop seeing you…' The words came out slow and smooth, but her eyes spoke volumes. Connor could already see the tears that were brimming towards the edge.

'Shh. It's ok. Here. We can figure this out. In a few days, pack some clothes and we'll run away together. We can be together forever and no one will be able to stop us! Sound good?'

'It sounds wonderful!' Tanya cried out as she wrapped her arms around the man that she loved.

And so the plans were made, that they would run away together and be able to be with each other. It was two weeks later; Tanya said that she as going to have a slumber party with her friend Jennifer.

Jennifer knew all about the planed rendezvous between the two lovers and had embraced both of them. 'Go for it, guys, and don't let anyone stop you.' With a quick, hug and a wave, the two lovers were on their way.

The music in the car was loud, and wonderful, Tanya could feel as it ran along her spine and energized her muscles. The power was amazing! The trip was all theirs. 'So, honey bun, where exactly are we going?'

'That's for me to know, and you to find out…' Conner gave her that sideways smirk, and she melted once again.

'I know a way so that you'll tell me…' Tanya said with a giggle, and lapsing into a corny German accent. 'Ve haff vays of makink you talk.' She gently slid her hands down Connor's side, and he moaned slightly, pressing himself into her. She edged her hands lower, into the waistband of his jeans.

'Hey, easy there sunshine.' Conner tried to maintain composure, if he got to excited, something, bad was bound to happen.

'Come on, I want you to pull the car over…' She smiled playfully at him, and undid a few of the buttons on her blouse.

Connor looked at her strangely. 'No, not here, not yet…' He turned back to the road, and leaned in further to his steering wheel as if he was trying to give himself something else to focus on. There would be a time and a place for them to make the love that she so desperately wanted, but not here and definitely not now. Definitely not now…

He could already feel the beast as it called out to him. It wanted her as much as she wanted him, and that frightened Connor. He seriously doubted that the girl that he was so in love with was ready to see what exactly it was that he had become.

'What's the matter baby, don't you find me attractive?' Tanya teased him.

Connor inhaled, his sensitive nose could tell that she was wet, and wanting him, she was practically begging for him to take her. 'I promise, Tanya baby, we'll get there and then you can have what it is that you want, what we both want…'

He was going to say something else, but suddenly a pair of her panties landed in his lap. 'What the hell?' He jammed the car into park, and looked over at her. 

She was still dressed in a jacket, and her tennis shoes, but her pants were lying in the back seat. And her panties were now jammed in the side pocket of the door. Connor could tell that her pubic hair was wet and matted. She wanted him, bad.

She lay back in the seat, as best as she could and thrust her legs over his lap. 'I'm here for you baby, all yours!'

'Tanya, honey…' He tried to explain why he couldn't do this, right then, and right now, but his cock was just too hard in his pants. He nodded, and took her outside, knowing full well that the moon was about to crest, and not caring in the least.

Not caring that in all likelihood she was going to turn into what he was. He laid her down onto the ground. 'Are you sure this is what you want, Tanya girl?'

She didn't nod, but instead spread her sopping, wet legs even further for him.

That was all that he would need, and he turned her over.

'What, what are you doing Conner?'

'Giving you what you want…' He sounded nervous and a little sad. 

She could hear as his zipper came undone, and she was so excited that she was finally going to make love to the man that she'd loved so long. 

His jeans and underwear landed on the ground next to her, and Tanya looked puzzled. 'What are you doing baby?' She was figuring that he wanted to do it fast and quick like most men. Instead of an answer, his shirt and shoes came over next.

She was about to get up, and ask him what the fuck was going on when she felt a hand upon her shoulder. It was Connors, and she relaxed slightly as he started to thrust into her slowly.

Her vaginal muscles clamped down upon him, and she could hear as he moaned. However, there was one small problem as the hand that lay down upon her back was Connors, but she could feel as it became bigger, and heavier. Gaining in mass and bulk.

She started to panic, and tried to pull away, but the hand upon her shoulder held her steadfast.

'Relax, lover. Its only me, Connor.'

Tanya knew that it was he, and knew in her heart that he would never do anything that would remotely hurt her, but the voice that was talking to her sounded no more like Connor than she did. Her voice sounded like that of a little girl as she talked. 'Lover?'

'Yes, baby, yes. It's me.' Connor rolled her over gently onto her back. The claws that gently grazed her shoulders were as light as a fly's wing, but Tanya could tell that they could do some damage if they wanted to.

Connor's green eyes stared out at her, caring only for her safety, yet they were hidden beneath a mask of horror. A wolf's muzzle and nose shown through, as well as a set of menacing canines.

'What are you?'

'I'm a member of the species Homo Canis. A werewolf in other words.'

If Tanya hadn't seen it with her own eyes, she would have thought that she was going nuts, but here she was talking to her lover, whom just happened to be a wolf! 'Are you going to hurt me?' She knew that the question was stupid even before she asked it. All that she had to do was to look into her lover's eyes and she would have known that Connor would never do anything like that. 

'I want to give you something, Tanya. But you have to know that if I do, and you accept this from me, there is no going back. Do you understand?'

For a moment, Tanya was worried, she wasn't quite sure what Connor was getting at, and she looked confused.

Connors tongue darted out and liked her ear gently. 'I want to make you a wolf just like me.'

Fear rose in Tanya's eyes. 'Will, will it hurt?'

'Only for a moment, and then it will be like bliss.' Connor bent over and kissed Tanya's ticklish spot, right between her shoulder and neck. Oh, how she wanted him!

'Yes, please, go for it!'

That was all that Connor needed, and he thrust his penis deeply inside of her. His claw like hands digging deeply into Tanya's shoulders, welling blood up into the scratches as he held her; there was blood other places too as his penis tore through her hymen.

In the last final act, before he would cum, he bent down and bit into her neck, his mutated saliva mixing with her blood stream. The cut began to heal in moments as most werewolf bites do. Tanya closed her eyes in ecstasy, pushing up against her lover; the mutated bite was nothing more than a love hicky.

Connor could feel as his penis tightened and released his cum inside of her, jetting deeply into her womb.

Tanya knew she shouldn't have worried, as she began to orgasm around Connor's penis, she could feel the change begin to take place.

The lovemaking lasted for hours, but surprisingly, neither Tanya nor Connor felt sore, and when Connor lifted off of her, there was no outward signs hat they had even copulated. Her body felt surprisingly energized. It felt wonderful. She stood up as he rolled off of her, and allowed her to adjust to her new sensations. Already he could see the yellowing of her eyes as the change began to take place.

'I love you baby.' Connor quickly demorphed his mouth and placed a kiss upon Tanya's lips. It was getting on towards morning, and the two lovers were hungry.

'What do you say to a hot cup of coffee?'

'I'd love that baby doll.'

Tanya's teeth flashed in the waning moonlight, already they were beginning to grow into fangs. 'And maybe a slab of deer meat?'

'I like the way that you think.' Connor headed to the car, his mate was hungry. 'I love you Tanya Greenmaul.'

Tanya licked him back, wondering how she would deal with the fact that she wanted blood for breakfast.

- End -