 Chapter 2: The Succubus

Elsewhere, a radiantly beautiful brunette lay on the mossy green banks of a lake of sparkling blue, amongst with blooming ivory lilies and graceful swans, under a midday sun, surrounded by an infinite expanse of verdant plains, majestic waterfalls and free-flowing rivers in heavenly beauty. Dressed simply in a plain white toga, as her attendants trimmed and painted her fingernails with utmost care, her feet splashing lightly in the refreshingly cool waters. 

Her skin, as silky smooth as a babe's, was the hue of light chocolate; her sweet features were nothing short of perfect, the very embodiment of beauty framed by the delicate tresses of her long red hair. Every now and then even her familiar attendants would stop to gaze upon her longingly; she inspired immediate admiration, if not affection, for she was the goddess Sharess herself.

The multiple invocations of her name in her own shrine by a priestess of hers, somewhere on the Prime Material plane had aroused her attention, if for a while. Then they grew sharply in intensity, the intensity of pleasure, and then the surge of sensation that could only be orgasm. That she was masturbating was unsurprising; but what she'd been watching– hmm. That could be interesting. 

Even as she answered the calls for divine spells from her clerics and regarded her many supplicants calling to her, she divined the identities of all the women involved, and more. Over the millennia there'd surely some women who had taken to one another, but they'd long since ceased to interest Sharess – men had always been more to her taste and pleasure, but these two were strange – in that all were classically feminine beauties and, they didn't feel for each other beyond friendship. Two weren't her supplicants yet, but their future dalliances and overtures to anyone were certainly potential amusement in future. 

Storing the knowledge of the incident in a disused corner of her multi-faceted consciousness, the goddess rose from the soft moss, tossing her toga away. The water was just right, not too cold, but refreshing to the touch, and Sharess purred, a throaty, husky purr that send shivers through the air, like silk draping over the men around. Following their goddess into the pool, they began to tease her, caressing her back and soft thighs with touches perfected with a lifetime of experience. Surrounded by her bevy of toy boys, tall, muscular men, her soft breasts pressing into hard pecs, Sharess sighed helplessly. This was going to be a long bath. 

* * *

Luisa was back on the street and quick on her feet, eager to leave Oldover House behind her. A four-storied stone mansion in the Temple District, it housed the city's Sages Guild. Mostly wizened, wrinkly old men, sages were usually elderly scholars with a wealth of knowledge for those who could pay. 

She should've known, really. The men there were too old for her charms and have any regard for the goddess, and the one attending to her already had a patronizing smirk at the sight of her holy symbols. She was certain she heard him mutter 'whore', but boldly asked after knowledge of the wands of Sharess. 

"Can't say I've heard of them, so I won't charge you a coin." The old man replied to her matter-of-factly, but Luisa couldn't help feeling put down.

Anyone who knew of Sharess had a vague idea of her dogma: The pursuit of pleasure. Pleasure certainly had many aspects: the pleasure of familial warmth, social activity, sport, theatre, adventure, and certainly sex. To Luisa it had always seemed that pursuing life's greatest pleasure had certainly justified its central position in the goddess worship, and hypocritical how everyone wanted it yet disdained those who were outspoken about their desires. 

Trying something new was something Sharess advocated and Luisa loved to do. Back in the temple in Calimport, Luisa had heard many rumors of the wands of Sharess, left behind on this mortal plane during the goddess tenure here during the Time of Troubles: some said they were magical dildos, others that they were smooth silver rods topped off with a glowing red crystal ball. All agreed that the wands, previously used by the goddess' avatar, once used by mortal women, would heighten sensitivity and pleasure to previously impossible levels. 

They were said to be lost to the sands of time, and impossible to find. The lucky girl who had them wouldn't ever relinquish them, Luisa was sure. They could've been just hearsay altogether. Still, the quest for a relic of the faith was a nifty excuse to leave Calimport and the tedium of living under the thumb of superiors jealous of her looks behind. Said superiors were probably eager to let her go too. 

As for actually searching for the relic, Luisa devoted as much effort as she had actual hope in finding it. In truth her journey across the continent had been a thorough pleasure trip, what with new sights, adventures, and men: lots of them. They had been very eager to sponsor her repeatedly, and her anklet of infertility, a standard issue item among Sharessans, meant no worries of pregnancy or 'dirty diseases'.

In the short time she'd spent in Raven's Bluff, she'd come to know a number of amorous men, the most noteworthy of late being an elven merchant, Laramis Tharm; while not a noble, he had immense wealth. His visit to the House of Desires had Lyndia welcome him personally, and for a skinny, pale-skinned man he had been quite rigorous, Luisa mused. He'd asked her to visit every now and then, and she hadn't had much time to, until now.

Making her way along a hedged walkway, Luisa marveled at the majesty of his five-story mansion, which exuded an air of highbrow antiquity, with vines lining the dark slate gray walls. The grounds, rimmed by tall spiked walls and patrolled by easily a score or more armored guards, even featured a tall watchtower at a corner. What would the view be like there? Luisa wondered, and resolved to find out.

The human doorman bore a butler's garb and an upturned nose, but flashing him the signet ring Laramis had given her turned the prim and proper butler properly obsequious as he bowed deeply, opening the thick oaken doors wide for her.

"The master is as of yet not home. As always, he has important business with the merchant council. Would the lady enjoy a cup of tea? The master often entertains associates here, so we have any brew you can think of in stock, with even some imported from faraway Kara-Tur." He referred to the Far Eastern continent. 

"A pity. I'm not very thirsty, but I'm in the mood for some reading. Perhaps you could show me the library? If there's one around."

"Of course there is! The master has as complete a collection of tomes as any noble. Only last week I made the tasteful purchase of –"

"Perhaps you could show me to see for myself."

"Of course, follow me." Following the butler up winding spiral steps to the third floor and through double oaken doors, Luisa found herself staring at a sea of shelves.

"This entire floor is devoted to the library, milady. I shall return to my business, if nothing else, and inform the master of your presence when he returns."

"Aye." She waved him off, and he retreated backwards so as not to show his back. 

The doors creaking closed behind her, an old joke came to mind. A haughty noble boasted of his education thanks to the hundreds of tomes in his library to a traveling scholar, who replied that he'd only a single textbook at hand – but at least he'd read it. 

The shelves were clearly labeled with inscriptions carved into the wooden shelves' sides. Bypassing fiction, Luisa roamed around, her footsteps echoing in the commodious chamber from the slightly domed ceiling before finally finding labels of interest: adventures and magical artifacts. To any adventurer, the magic of her tools truly set her apart from her peers, their worn medals of accomplishment. Swordsmen could train for years but fall quickly at the hands of a villain bearing a blade so magical it cleaved right through their own. Maybe she'd find out about something worth finding and owning in these shelves. 

The first book she picked up was a journal of one Fredor Tharm: apparently one of Laramis' forefathers had been a man of the road. Leaning against the shelf, Luisa found herself captivated by the unassuming prose detailing his daring deeds. She'd reached a part where he wrote of finding a cloak of invisibility and using it to morally ambiguous ends, smiling at his spirited displays.

That was when she heard the echo of another's footsteps, and felt herself warm in anticipation. The memory of the previous night's fucking still played in a corner of her mind, and Luisa felt herself yearning to feel like that again. It didn't help that the book now described Fredor's voyeuristic tendencies.

"Slipping into her shower just before she could close the door, I leaned into a corner, watching her strip. But she was fine! An elven woman with particularly full hips and perky tits. I watched her wet herself and soap up, her hands touching herself, and I got damn hard. Then she started slipping a hand between her own legs and leaned against the wall and-" At that point Luisa could hear his footsteps closing in.

"Who's there?" Luisa asked, giggling. When the footsteps reached her from behind she swiveled round to face – nothing in particular.

"Who else?" From behind, Laramis lilting, almost melodious, elven voice replied as he covered both her eyes with a forearm, and then slipped a blindfold over, a black satin hanky. 

"Oh, how naughty! I like it." Luisa giggled again, feeling firm hands turn her around, guiding her backwards until she leaned against a wall. Those hands pressed her still for a while, and Luisa smiled, pleased that her attire had the desired effect. 

Her red long sleeved, low-necked shirt worn over tight breeches that showed off her firm thighs were slowly untied and peeled away, revealing a white sheer chiffon baby doll and thong, her nipples, adorned with clip-on nipple rings, poking hard out. His hands pressed her arms up against the wall as he leaned in, his stiff member rubbing against her legs, his tongue wetting her nipple over the silky cloth, her little buds already standing hard, squeezed through the ring as she yelped softly at the sudden, wet touch.

Try as she might Luisa couldn't remember being blinded while fucked, and found her self thrilled. Laramis seemed a lot rougher than usual, but that only added to the freshness of this fuck as he tugged her baby doll's bodice up and over her head, both hands stroking her smooth soft breasts, as if relishing the touch, before gradually closing his fingers, kneading her breasts, not painfully hard, while still tweaking and toying with her nipples, but with tingling firmness. His tongue, rough and wet laved her nipples repeatedly and with darting speed that she felt them driven to deep red swelling.

As he lapped at her nipple his hands tugged her thong, already dabbed wet, to her ankles and off, and lifted her by the knees, her back leaning against the wall as she yelped, instinctively excited at her legs being spread, her pussy getting bared. His cock teasingly rubbed over her pussy and she smiled as he loosed her ponytail, her hair hanging free before the hardness suddenly slipped inside her, smoothly and sharply, as they assumed an upright missionary stance, and Luisa stiffened. He seemed thicker than last time – condoms? In any case she it felt better. 

Her vision dark and empty, Luisa could only feel her sweat flowing from her brow, down her deep cleavage, his tongue still attending to her excited nipples with the occasional spike of pleasure as he nibbled down, as the pulse of their fucking pumped her with sensation. As she felt the slight crook of his tool curve to the right, pressing against her walls there a little harder, his thick length almost reaching her cervix, she knew it wasn't Laramis at all, her pussy wetting in excitement at that knowledge. Fucking a complete stranger was nothing new for Sharessan priestesses, but with the novelty of the situation, and her mind closed off to the visual and focused on the sensational, Luisa was helplessly and heavily aroused, her love juice copiously coating her man's length and girth. 

Red-faced and groaning in sheer pleasure, her hands reaching to rub her clit and nipple, she felt the stranger's hard chiseled torso and his thickness stretch her wide, testing her depths with constant pressure, a steady rhythm as her ass shook with his forceful ministrations. The warmth of her cheeks burning her cries of passion, she shook her hips, humping with the splitter shafting her so deeply, her breasts shaking with the effort.

Then they came. Luisa went first, her juices gushing at that peak of pleasure, with the force of a cannon, warm streams of juice dribbling down her reddened thighs. Fuck, she screamed out loud. Then she felt his, the warm spurt of jism as he groaned out loud for once, a deep guttural sound, and the nipple that he'd sucked on trembling with a chill at fresh air. He didn't stop shafting though, and Luisa tugged at her own hair, trembling against the wall. Then she felt her back sliding down the wall as he pulled out, the deed done. Luisa stroked her palm over her tender pussy, basking in the afterglow. 

Tugging her blindfold off, Luisa groaned in consternation as she sat flat on the floor, with no one in sight, her wet pussy achingly empty as she registered the quick sharp echoes of running footsteps. 

Leaning back, Luisa fingered herself furiously, two fingers shoved into herself, curling them a little when she pulled outward, her other hand scooping cum into her lustful mouth, her senses tingling at the taste and scent of male cum, then her free hand stroking her clit as she came, her cries flavored with cum as she shuddered in heavenly orgasm yet again, feeling nothing but the pulses of pleasure, then opening her eyes to watch her own love juices seeping from her pussy into a puddle, mixing with the stranger's cum.

For what could've been half an hour or a whole afternoon, Luisa lay with her back slumped against the wall, basking in the deep scent of sex. When she heard the doors creak open followed by echoing footsteps, they belonged to the rightful master of the house.

"I've had lunch prepared, and we can go – well! Well, well. Looks like you've been having a good time all by yourself!" Laramis, dressed for business in a regal black jacket over a white silk doublet and black pants shook his head at the sight of the naked beauty, her breasts heaving and sweating, her spread legs displaying a wet, red pussy still gleaming with a puddle of cum just below. Picking his relative's journal up, he gave a quick look-through and grinned knowingly.

"Ah. I see. I used to enjoy these journals myself when I was younger, though this is just the tip of the iceberg."

"Let's go have lunch, shall we, oh Laramis?" The elf felt his pointed ears perk up and tingle for a moment at her sultry, sexy voice.

"Of course. Let me help you up."

"But first, I thought you'd like dessert." Luisa flashed a feral grin, then turned around to get on all fours, facing away from the excited elf, parting her knees wide so that her bared moist pussy were exposed between baby smooth ass cheeks leading to toned, tanned thighs – almost too good to eat.

Getting on his knees, Laramis scooped cum from the puddle onto her pouting nether lips, seasoning the dish as he extended his long curling tongue for a first taste – first just a quick lick, followed by another, and then a long, slow lick across the length of her slit, and the first of her delectable moans came. Luisa felt his fingers pry her cunt lips wide open, as he tasted her most secret depths, her hand tugging at her own nipple, held stiff all the while by the unyielding nipple ring.

"I know you just love taking it in the ass, don't you Lu, you silly slut." His thumb started swirling over her puckered back door. Luisa nodded and cried out a yes, that musical, aristocratic voice talking down and dirty to her electrifying her sense of arousal.

"I love playing with you too, Lu. You're like a child's plush toy, but with all those lovely little moans and groans." Laramis goaded her further, his thumb popping into her ass and as if on cue she yelped at the intrusion, tugging her own red hair and squeezing her breast.

Laramis straightened his back, his forefinger tapping on her magic button; his thumb swirling between thin pouting nether lips. He grinned to himself, delighted at the redhead stamping her fist on the floor repeatedly in unbridled expression of enjoyment and the sensuous view of the expanse of tanned flesh on the redhead's curved bare back that rippled and tensed with her excited little movements. By now the hand attending to her ass was pumping her with two curved fingers, his other hand stroking that glorious back, and she actually purred in reply. Running his thumb down the smooth indentation of her spine, her back arched sharply, the fingers of her tightly clenched fists spreading wide instantly.

I'd rather see that pretty little face now, he thought, and commanded her to lie on her back. Closing up to her, still on his knees, they assumed a modified missionary stance, with only one of her legs propped on his shoulder, his hand still working her back door alternately with thumb and two fingers. 

If Luisa looked gorgeous on any given day, right now she looked divine. Her siren's face was a deep, almost angry red and the perfect picture of deep and meaningless arousal. Her eyes were tight shut and from that vantage point her nose looked even perkier and prettier than usual. Her luscious full lips moved constantly, softly voicing her pleasure. Her head tossed and turned in tandem with his finger thrusts and her long smooth red hair swished and swayed. In the few seconds he took to take it all in, his manhood, thick and covered with veins running with hot blood had hardened to almost breaking point. 

The time had come. His free hand anchored to the floor he thrust powerfully inside her sopping cunt and she moaned loud and long, tugging at her hair and gripping at his hand as she humped her hips in rhythm. Her breasts, flushed red, large and pendulous, perked up at the points of her nipples and shook with the force of his fuck. With the experience of long years he paced himself, determined to finish her off.

Laramis could tell when she was cumming when her cries reached a crescendo and for a telling moment she just didn't move at all, her fists clenched tight and just then he reached forward to squeeze and tug at her ringed nipples. Again it was Luisa's turn to go first, and when she came, it was as hard as ever. When her nipples yielded to his rough fingers her pleasure spiked high up just before her inner dam had burst. She screamed semi-coherently calling to her goddess and crying out expletives while pussy juice spurted out her filled depths spraying Laramis with hot wetness. Then it was his turn, and Luisa clenched her walls tight as the first of his hot cum pushed deep in, milking his hard engorged cock. Looking on his own tortured expression she reached up to tweak his nipples too, until he slumped, spent, and slowly withdrew his sword, soaked to the tip in their cum.

* * *

"If you hadn't said it earlier, I'd never had thought you were interested in becoming a follower." Kat sipped Oolong tea, savoring the essence of far off lands as a waitress cleared their empty plates.

"Honestly I don't see why not. I already share their ideals, you know, to have a good time in life. Who doesn't want that?" Val slouched a little in her seat, shaking her legs.

"I'm not saying I don't. They're not aligned with any evil groups, they seem pretty alright, but I just don't feel good about it."
