 Sorry for the very late update. Life got in the way, don't you hate it when that happens? Anyway, I'll try to post the next tales more frequently. Lastly, I'd like to thank all my editors who have gone out of their way to help me out. Thanks, guys! 

As dawn light rays pierced through the Thurtgen's thick forest canopy, a loud clash of steel echoed through the bows of its ancient trees. Collisions of metal on metal paused the chirping and frolicking of the woods' many denizens, making them turn to the clearing where three newcomers to the Thurtgen made camp.

"Your defenses are better," Romica said. "And your attacks are more fluid. I'm impressed!"

"I had a very good teacher." Harl smiled. "Want to see what else I've learned?"

Harl then lunged forward with his large bastard sword, its emerald sheened blade shooting for the swordswoman's chest. At the last instant the half-elf sidestepped the attack, parrying the giant's blade as she did. Romica quickly followed up with her own attacks, slashing at Harl with both her longsword and dagger. The half-ogre responded by meeting her strikes with his own parrying blade and a stout round shield.

"Sneaky ogre!" Romica laughed as she withdrew, her blades still raised in challenge. "Remember what I said about your mouth doing your fighting."

"It's mostly useless once the swords have started swinging," Harl said, drawing back into a defensive stance. "Unless you can back it up of course. I can."

"We'll see," Romica smirked.

As the last word left her lips, Romica sent her blades into a flurry of deft thrusts and slashes, her leather-armored form twirling in an elegant display of swordplay, where every swipe and stab was like a rhythmic dance of deadly intent.

Harl, though, was up to her challenge, fending off Romica's attacks with his shield and blade. His techniques weren't as pretty as the half-elf's, but they were efficient, focused and relentless, enabling the towering warrior to key in on every move the swordswoman made.

The giant even matched the half-elf's nimble motions stride for stride, pressing his mail-clad body into a mobility unheard of from one so big. Soon enough the ogre warrior was putting Romica on the defensive, her gliding movements becoming hard-pressed to keep up with Harl's unrelenting attacks. 

'She's left herself open,' Harl smiled to himself, seeing a tired Romica drop her blades dangerously low. 'I've got her now!'

Once more, Harl thrust his bastard sword forward anticipating a quick win. It was then that Romica gave the giant warrior a big smile.

With an inhuman speed, Romica raised her blades in a cross parry and caught Harl's sword as it descended upon her. In one swift motion the half-elf guided the massive weapon downwards and used the giant's momentum to impale the blade into the dirt.

"Oh shit!" Harl cried out, finding himself leaning awkwardly forward and completely open. Romica, meanwhile, had regained her elfin grace, using the half-ogre's body as a pivot to elegantly twirl herself around the giant - ending up at his exposed rear.

"Ow!" Harl cried out, feeling the flat of the fey-blooded warrior's sword slap his ass. "Damn it!"

***

"Bravo!" a voice said from trees. "Another foe falls to the Swords of Vendula!"

"And quite convincingly I might add," Romica said, bowing to the clapping halfling coming out of the brush.

Harl was crestfallen. Ever since the storm broke, Romica had been giving him lessons in sword fighting. He had yet to win a match against the half-elf but Harl believed he was improving - - until now.

"As for you, my distinguished opponent," Romica said, sheathing her blades and loosening her dueling leathers. "Do you know why your ass is sore?"

"No patience," Harl answered, sheathing his own sword. "I got too eager for a win and didn't even consider you might have been baiting me into a trap."

"He seems to listen and comprehend," Sera said as she walked towards them. "Yet his butt is still red!"

"It's a nice butt though," Romica added. "One I wouldn't mind slapping again."

Harl felt his face turn crimson just as the two adventurers started to laugh.

"I'm going to brush up on a few sword drills," Harl said, slinking away.

"Oh cheer up, Harl," Romica said as she patted him on the back. "It's not all grim"

"I lost," Harl replied. "Again."

"But you've always learned from it," The half-elf reminded him. "And I have to admit I thought my arms would pop out from fending you off."

The compliment put a smile on the giant warrior's face, letting him straighten up with pride.

"That's the Harl we know," Sera said. "Now, before you get too pleased with yourself, there's a little matter about payment."

"Really?" Harl asked. "You know there are a lot of other ways I can repay ..."

"Our original arrangement is just fine, thank you," Romica interrupted as she walked over to one of the trees. "And there's no way to get out of it."

"Another history lesson on Harl Caddick?" Harl asked.

"Forgive us if we find you so fascinating!" Sera chimed in.

After joining her half-elf companion at the clearing's boundary, Sera and Romica sat themselves down among the large tree roots and motioned to their ogre companion. "Come on now Harl. A deal is a deal."

"All right, Romica," Harl said, plopping himself down before the two adventurers and setting his sword and shield aside. "What do you want to know?"

"Let's see," Romica said, rubbing her chin. "We know about you being an heir of a Galtican royal house. And that your mother was sold to the Drow by her brothers."

"And how the Dark Elves were this close to turning your mother into spider food," Sera added. "Before your father, Geral, Saved her."

"I still can't get my head around the idea of your father being a sorcerer!" Romica exclaimed. "A spell casting ogre, Sera, can you believe it?"

"He was conceived on a fairy mound," Harl interjected. "His father gave my Grandmother more than just pregnant belly. It was a 'magical' moment as the bards would say, or so I'm told."

"Well, his magic-using sure came in handy with that Drow priestess," Sera said. "Scorched before the witch knew anything was up -- brilliant!"

"So you want me to talk about my Mother's escape again?"

"No, not now," Romica told Harl. "I'd really like to know about what you're packing."

"Right!" Sera leered. "What you're packing. That long, hard ..." "She means your sword," Romica interrupted. "What is the story behind that blade?"

"You mean Warflame?" Harl replied.

Harl then unsheathed his bastard sword, raising its ramrod-straight blade upwards. The sword looked flawless in the sunlight and, despite its use, no nick or scratch could be seen. What mesmerized the adventurers most was the weapon's signature emerald sheen, glinting off the sun's bright rays.

"Damn finest blade ever," Romica cooed. "With a hue not seen since the age of the river kingdoms!"

"And I thought I laid it on thick," Sera said.

"I appreciate fine weaponry," Romica answered.

"So did Skrogg Manbane apparently," Harl added.

"Wait, you mean that sword is one of the Tools of Manbane?" Sera asked. "The weapons forged by the fire giant Jarl of Skull Crown himself?"

"Looks like someone has been listening to the bards!" Harl replied, putting down the weapon. "Abelard thought I should be armed for my journey."

"Abelard?" Romica said. "As in Sir Abelard Baumer?"

"The Ranger Knight of Branborg, Bane of Fire Giants, yes him," Harl continued. "He's my Stepfather. He took Skrogg's Tools as trophies but never got to use them. Too big. He figured that someone had to use them so he gave them to me."

"Well!" Sera said. "It seems we have a hero's son in our midst Romica. You better show some respect!"

"A hero's son that I've spanked!" Romica reminded her. "I assume you have the other tools?"

"That's right," Harl answered proudly. "the shirt of Mithral, the Adamantine Shield, as well as good old Wolf Wound."

Harl then drew out the largest dagger Romica had ever laid eyes on. With a curved, serrated edge, Wolf Wound had a menacing beauty to it. Whereas symmetry was Warflame's source of elegance, the long-bladed knife had the brutal majesty of an ancient wyrm's sharp claw.

"Wow," the halfling said. "The blade's just as green as Warflame's ."

"That's one thing Abelard never figured out," Harl said. "The steel my blades are forged from aren't magical, but they can cut through almost anything! He's never seen this green metal before in his life."

"Wait, how did you become the step-son of one Gothmark's most esteemed knights, anyway?" Sera asked

"He proved his cock was bigger than Geral's," Harl chuckled.

"What?!" Both women asked.

"Long story," Harl smiled. "Getting back to the Tools ..."

"To the hells with the Tools!" Sera said. "They're probably cursed anyway."

"Wh-what makes you say that?" Harl asked nervously.

"Well, even with those fancy blades," Romica said. "I'm still making your ass sore!"

"Ha-ha, very funny," Harl replied. "You know, I aim to remedy that situation!"

"Another time, Warrior," Romica said. "There are far more important things to discuss."

"Like?"

"About Abelard's cock," Sera smiled mischievously. "How big is it really?"

***

As Vigdis Baldursdottir ran her tongue up Teru's dripping pussy, thoughts of her fanged teeth tearing into the flesh of the Nabiri woman's neck kept popping into her head. It didn't help that the dark-skinned woman's clit kept jabbing at her nose, an effect of Audeger's constant and annoying thrusts into Teru's asshole.

'They have to die,' Vigdis' mind whispered. 'Can't let them harm any more people.'

The idea surprised Vigdis. 

Ever since she was initiated into the pack, dark wolfen instincts had wormed their way into her being, completely dominating her thinking. The good of the pack always came first and all other life was just meat for their sustenance.

'Not all meat,' her thoughts continued to counter. 'Innocents must be protected!'

"No one is innocent," Vigdis said in a forced whisper. "The pleasures of the pack come first."

"Yesss," Teru hissed, feeling a shiver of delight from the tingle of Vigdis' voice. "Our pleasure comes first."

Teru looked at herself as she savored the sensations in her sex and brown eye. She was leaning against a thick Darkwood with her hands clutching the gnarled bark, bracing herself to meet Audeger's drives into her ass. Teru then looked down at the blond mop of hair at her crotch and smiled.

"Definitely better than Salim's harem," Teru purred. "Serviced, rather than servicing."

"Not for long 'sister!'" Audeger growled, grabbing a handful of Teru's hair and pulling her backwards. "I'll be having you lick my asshole soon enough!"

"Well, 'brother,'" Teru replied, turning to her lover. "Let's see if you still have enough strength after I'm through with you!"

Twisting out of his grasp, the Nabiri clutched Audeger's hair and forced her lips onto his. Teru then ground her ass against Audeger's cock, tightly clenching and massaging the flesh lance in her anal tunnel. 

Not forgetting Vigdis, Teru twisted the fingers of her other hand into the Northwoman's hair and forced the warrior woman's face onto her wet pussy. All three moaned out their lust.

"Delicious," Teru said, breaking her kiss. "You've got a good mouth on you, Vigdis."

"I honor you with my lips," Vigdis answered.

"Oh, keep honoring me, Northwoman," Teru said, pushing Vigdis' head back to her pussy.

'Now's my chance,' Vigdis thought. 

Then and there, Vigdis' golden locks began lengthening and covering her in a yellow coat, her body warping into a hybrid wolf-human form, ending with her snout at Teru's sex.

Grabbing her ebony hips, Vigdis pressed her snout onto Teru's pussy and jabbed her long canine tongue deep into its velvety folds, tasting the Nabiri's inner flesh. Vigdis soon savored a torrent of Teru's juices, hearing her groan in pleasure as the Nabiri came on the Northwoman's tongue. Audeger moaned as well, surely reacting to the clench of Teru's anal muscles as the black woman climaxed.

Vigdis withdrew her snout once Teru stopped shivering and gazed at her "still human" lovers. A panting Teru was holding the Darkwood again, but was almost bent over at a horizon to it. Audeger was doubled over the Nabiri's back as well, holding her abdomen as he caught his breath. 

None of them had any inkling of her intentions.

Vigdis went on all fours and sensually crawled to Audeger's rear. Both her packmates saw what she was doing and leered about what they knew was going to happen next.

"Gods and Devils!" Audeger gasped, feeling Vigdis' snout nuzzling between his ass cheeks. The werewolf's wet licks on his asshole came next, spurring Audeger to stab into Teru's ass with even more vigor, timing every balls-deep thrust with each laving tongue lash.

Vigdis could hear them grunting like animals as they rutted, completely oblivious to everything but their own lust.

'They won't even know it.' she told herself.

Her hands were at Audeger's thighs but she raised one of them slowly. Her claws lengthened as she brought it higher, poised for a strike.

"Children of Gormak!" A voice said suddenly. It was in pure goblin tongue.

Immediately, Vigdis' head rose from Audeger's ass and turned to the voice, her companions doing the same. She brought down her hand just as quickly, hoping no one saw her drawn talons.

"Garrack commands us to head for the Faerie Mounds," said an imperious, worg-riding goblin bounding out of the trees. "The Gray Striders and the pack are to cleanse the area of life!"

"And whose blood are we spilling this day?" Audeger smiled, his lycanthropy opening his ears and tongue to the humanoid languages. "I've an empty belly!"

"We gorge on Fey folk," the goblin said, returning his grin.

"Then let's not keep our pixie meat waiting!" Teru said in goblin speech.

The Nabiri stood upright, popping Audeger out of her ass as she did, and launched herself forward. Growling in pain and ecstasy, Teru's body warped as she leapt, twisting into a furry, wolfen form that bounded into the woods behind the goblin.

Audeger's hair sprouted in response, covering him head to toe as he fell onto four wolf paws, following his lover into the thicket. Vigdis, meanwhile, just knelt among the foliage dumbfounded.

"Coming sister?" The goblin asked.

Shaking her head, Vigdis transformed herself into her golden-coated wolf shape.

"I go as Garrack commands," the she-wolf snarled.

The goblin howled in approval and spurred his worg back into the forest. Chasing after the worg's padding steps, Vigdis still felt she was under a cloud.

'What is wrong with me?'

***

Romica broke through the water with a loud splash, letting the cool liquid roll down her skin in refreshing rivulets. Reingard Lake, the Thurtgen's fabled spring, was reputed to cure all the aches and ills of the body with just one swim. The swordswoman had to admit that there might be something to those legends. A few moments in its depths and Romica could feel the pains from her duel with Harl melt away.

If only her troubled thoughts could be washed off as easily.

"A hero's son," the half-elf sighed as she tread the water. "Two heroes in fact. The bastard's even a royal."

"He may be a half-breed like me," the adventurer continued. "But just one of his halves are still better than two of my wholes."

A chuckle came from her lips when she realized what she had said. Romica then caught herself when the chuckle started turning into a sob. Shaking her head, the swordswoman thrust herself upwards and back letting her body float on the water's surface.

She never saw the tiny hands rising out of the lake.

"Got you!"A familiar halfling voice cried out.

Romica squealed in surprise when she felt one hand roughly squeeze the flesh of her tits while another flicked the clit hood of her sex. Losing all buoyancy, Romica sank like a rock into the lake. Panic threatened to grip her mind as she tumbled downwards, but then Sera's laughter began echoing through the water.

With the panic fleeing from her, Romica righted herself and swam for the tiny form floating above, her mind now filled with revenge.

On the surface, Sera noticed a growing shadow underneath her. "Uh-oh."

The thief then found herself amidst an explosion of water, feeling strong hands lift her body upwards. The hands quickly threw Sera back down, hitting the water with another loud splash.

"Now that was petty!" Sera giggled as she came up for air. "You have no sense of humor."

"Being molested by a sex-mad runt isn't funny!" Romica spat back, splashing the halfling.

"Finally, anger!" Sera came back. "Good to see you've moved on from self-loathing."

"I saw you moping again," Sera pressed her friend as Romica tried to swim away. "I know that ambush was just a few days ago but you've come back from worse."

"And that's the point," Romica said, turning to Sera. "It's another debacle we can add to a long line of other setbacks."

"It wasn't all bad," Sera countered.

"Oh really?" Romica asked. "You don't remember the time we went against the Giants?"

"They wouldn't have eaten us," Sera said dismissively. "They just wanted a little taste. In the scriptural sense."

"And that time in the Demonweb?"

"Hey you got into that domination ritual too," Sera reminded her. "And it proved to be the downfall of that priestess."

"And who could forget the time we stole that rat god eye?"

"All right that was a bit hairy," Sera admitted. "Rodent men never did it for me."

"That's what I mean," Romica said. "We go on some crazed adventure and then we always wind up neck-deep in some of the most embarrassing situations imaginable!"

"Like getting dosed with Lilith juice?" Sera grinned.

"I don't remember you having a good time," Romica said.

"Well, I'd like to think the gods were watching over us," Sera chirped.

"As a joke, no doubt," Romica frowned. "Small comfort for a half-baked hero."

"Now that's just silly," Sera said. "Look, I know we've hit a rough patch and by all rights we should be in some treasure wyrm's belly by now."

"Don't stop cheering me up," Romica said sarcastically.

"But we always survived our little setbacks," Sera reminded her. "Thanks to you more often than not."

"Well ... " Romica began.

"And you've beaten a blue-blooded giant-kin." Sera added.

"Who'll eventually beat me," Romica said. "Even now he's taking in what he's learned and practicing the many ways to make my ass red."

"He'll still need mentoring," Sera beamed. "Believe me, our luck is going to change for the better. Especially if we have our large friend around."

"And what makes you so sure that Harl will go along with this arrangement?"

"That depends," Sera said. "How wide can you get your legs to split?"

"Don't make me slap you Halfling," Romica said, playfully splashing her friend.

"I can do it if you want," Sera smiled.

"And finally you can win the Pink Pearl's title for the widest pussy!" Romica laughed.

"Oh, I don't know about that," Sera replied. "Your pussy will be very hard to fill."

"Bitch!" Romica giggled in mock anger, splashing the halfling again.

Sera retaliated with her own drenching slap, touching off a back and forth of splashing water mixed with girlish laughter.

"Gods I needed that," Romica said, finally settling down. "A good fight. A good laugh. All I need now is a good drink."

"Or a good fuck," Sera said, sliding up to her companion.

"Well you're acting friendly," Romica smiled, feeling the halfling's chest brush over her breasts.

"You know me," Sera smiled back, cupping the half-elf's cheek with her hand. "Just being a good friend. With benefits."
