 *All character engaged in sexual activity are over the age of 18, in case it's not obvious or mentioned.

*This is a long story intended to span many chapters, please go back and read the previous chapters or else this won't make a lot of sense. If you are looking for a quick fix this probably won't be for you. This story gets violent and reads like a jumbled mess that is my mind. I hope it's at least entertaining.

*Once again, thanks to Alwaysready64, HellCat_Sundry and Kuhpa01 for their help editing and beta reading this.

*******

I finally got a hold of Isabella a couple of months ago. Most of her messages were short and terse, the tone was overly polite. I asked her questions; she dodged most of them and kept up a front. She wanted to meet me is all I could really get out of her. Apparently, she changed her name to Isabella Rossellini (after the actress) Bergman shedding her first name of Natalie.

Her emails didn't say much but she hinted that we should meet up in San Francisco. I didn't trust the email but I agreed to meet her sometime in March. I would tell her where and when - when the time was right.

********

It had been more than six months since we moved to this cabin. I was a paranoid mess. Since we moved I taught the girls martial arts, survivalist training, tactics and most importantly how to shoot a gun. We came up with escape plans and had drills done daily for months, after a while they seemed to be able to do it with their eyes closed. They became very efficient at it and we stocked an arsenal of assault rifles, sniper rifles, handguns and a few shotguns. We were ready for war and were not going down without a fight.

Not only did I have an armory that rivaled most militias' but I also built panic rooms into the cabin. I put in state of the art surveillance cameras, motion detectors, and night scopes to guard the perimeter. I set up natural obstacles such are thick brush mud pits to slow anyone coming toward the cabin uninvited. I installed remote triggered traps that would become active when needed, including hidden claymores and pointed them at natural cover positions such as fallen logs etc. I had a few drones that were ready in case of emergency, as well as sniper slots built into the sides of the house in case of an incursion. And to top it off, there were hidden minigun turrets built into each side of the house.

The cabin was reinforced with steel plating in the doorways, the sides of the house were made of thick logs and I had the insides coated in Linex to slow down breaches by grenades etc. The windows were bullet resistant and had steel plated shudders that would drop down in case of an incursion. The panic rooms had a tunnel installed that led to a bunker 100 yards away. The tunnel had a steel tube that was hidden that bore through the house through the storage room and into a reinforced concrete tunnel leading to the bunker.

I had workers hired in secret; they were blindfolded and pulled in from all across the country. Most were illegal Mexican workers hired through the black market and shipped to a meeting place where I took possession of them. They weren't slaves but in order to protect the secret nature of what they were doing they were treated like prisoners. They were locked up each night and constantly monitored during the day. They were all well paid and agreed to the harsh treatment so in the end my conscience was clear despite my Bond villainesque behavior.

Tracy, Robin and my mother were going stir crazy. In order to keep them happy, I gave them something to do other than learn to survive. I found a small market in town that was going out of business. I contacted the owner to discuss buying the business from her. Lisa, the owner, decided to meet up at her main business just outside of town.

I walked into a beautiful bed and breakfast called Cozy Mel's that Lisa owned right outside of town. It was probably only ten miles away from us but the roads there were so windy that it took nearly a half hour getting there. Cozy Mel's had the typical all wood rustic look of places in the woods. It was two stories and had five bedrooms on the second floor that were rented out to guests. As soon as you walked in the door, there was a walk around fireplace that led to a dining area off to the right and a check-in counter off to the left. The restaurant had a typical diner's menu with steaks, burgers and a lot of meals with gravy in them.

I walked over to the counter and was greeted by a beautiful buxom blonde. She was maybe in her fifties judging by some of her laugh lines but she was fit and could easily pass for a woman ten years younger.

"Hi, I'm here to see Lisa. Could you tell her I am here," I said, cordially.

"I'm Lisa! You must be John!" she greeted with a lot of enthusiasm.

I mainly corresponded with Lisa via email and I expected her to be much older.

"You're Lisa?" I asked incredulously.

"Something wrong?" she said with a grin.

"Wrong? No, I was just expecting you to be much older and... I definitely wasn't expecting you to be... err... young and attractive," I quickly recovered.

Lisa blushed a little bit and retorted, "You're not so bad yourself, handsome," she winked. "Let's take a seat over here," she said leading me into the dining room at one of the back booths.

As I walked past one of the diners, I felt a darkness hanging over him. I looked over and saw a large lumberjack looking man seated and obviously drunk. Other than his threatening demeanor and drunkenness, I did not know what was raising the red flags about him so I looked into his mind and simultaneously looked at his history all the while carrying on a conversation with Lisa.

Lisa sat down and I noticed a quick look between her and the waitress where the waitress quickly went to serve the dark lumberjack.

"So... you're interested in my store...," she began, looking back and forth between me and the lumberjack whom I learned was named Mike. "I won't just sell it to anyone, you know. Just because I'm going out of business doesn't mean business isn't good. I've never had children and my store is my baby."

From her tone I could tell there was more to it, so I split my mind's attentions even further and read her conscious mind, read Mike's history and continued with the conversation.

"I will take good care of your baby..." I started.

"How?" she interrupted. "You're just a kid, how could you?"

I saw in her mind that she already had another offer for her business.

"Maybe, I AM a kid... but does age define you?" I defended. "I may be young, but I am wiser than my years. I am a certifiable genius," I joked.

"Certifiable?"

"Yeah, sorry my girlfriends say my humor is not my best asset."

"Girlfriends? Just how many girlfriends do you have exactly?" she smirked.

"Currently... three living with me," I lied, making my mother out as a girlfriend. "Two in another state."

She started laughing, until she saw my serious face, "Oh, you're serious. You want me to sell my business to you? What are you - a cult leader? Hmm, won't you be too busy running your harem to run my store?"

"I suppose you can call me a harem leader... believe me that was never my intention. Anyway, I'm not a cult leader. What does my sex life have to do with anything?"

"Ha, ha, you're cute... Listen I don't think this will work out."

I was really disappointed and frustrated and let slip, "I see... you had no intention of selling to me, did you? After all, you have another buyer."

I could see on her face that she was shocked I knew that she had another buyer but she did her best to keep her composure.

Before she could respond I quickly interjected, "What if I could give you anything you want?" I said, hoping she would start thinking of what she wanted. She had a face of surprise and contemplation and I read what she was thinking.

"There is nothing that you could possibly give me," she thought.

"Everyone has something they want. If I was a genie and could blink and give you, your heart's desire what would it be?" I added, trying to keep her thinking about her wants and desires.

"Look, son, I don't know what you are trying to pull but you're no genie and I don't have time for this," she said.

"If you were a genie, I'd ask you to get me pregnant... but I'm too old," she thought.

"I could do that for you..."

"What? Do what for me?"

A clambering chaos erupted out of Mike and the waitress, as the waitress in distress, started wailing and crying for help. I looked and saw Mike had a hold on the waitress's wrist and looked to be upset about something. Lisa jumped out of her seat and ran to help the waitress, (whose name I noticed was Amy on her nametag).

"Let go of her, now!" Lisa commanded, as I came to her defense. "Please, keep away from him," she pleaded, giving me a dark look.

Lisa got between Mike and Amy. Amy rushed away.

"Tha- that bitch wouldn't get me my drink," Mike justified, angrily getting up.

Lisa, just stood her ground showing no fear. I am sure this worked most days, but I saw in his mind that he gave up - he didn't give a fuck anymore. I rushed to her side as he took a swing at her. I blocked his fist with my shoulder then grabbed him by the throat, lifting him off the ground.

He kicked and punched me, but despite the pain I remained as stone and held him aloft. I gripped his throat firmly but let him breathe.

"MIKE!" I yelled out loud and in his mind.

Even in his drunken state, he heard me and took notice.

"I know you think it's your fault, Mike... Your wife and child... Julie and Samantha," I said, he looked at me shocked. "They died Mike! And yes, it was your fault!"

He went slack as I set him on his feet.

"Sit down, Mike!" I ordered, and he defeatedly sat as ordered.

"Julie told you to clean that chimney for months and you just kept putting it off, didn't you?"

He looked up at me with tears in his eyes, the shock of truth bringing him out of his stupor.

"Mike, it WAS your fault... but you didn't do anything that anyone of us wouldn't have done," I said with compassion. "You were working hard for your family. You came home every night tired and beat up from your carpentry job... Here you are though, beating up on yourself for what you didn't do. But, how are you paying your penance? By abusing others? By drinking yourself to death?" I condemned.

"They're - they're dead," he blubbered.

"It WAS your fault Mike... You know that, don't you? Despite what everyone has told you," I said, looking around seeing everyone around frozen by a sick fascination. "But, you haven't tried to make up for your mistakes, have you?" I asserted. "It's time you paid your penance Mike..."

He looked to be turning green.

"You'll begin in the morning. You need to sober up. Pay the lady for a room and sober up and tomorrow you begin anew."

Mike quickly retrieved his wallet and laid money on the table and resolutely retreated toward the stairs. Lisa quickly ran towards the counter and retrieved a room key and followed him upstairs.

I walked over to Amy and asked, "Are you OK?"

She looked like she changed her mind about calling the cops and I pushed a feeling of comfort and security towards her and her face filled with relief.

"Yeah, I'll be ok."

"Good, tell Lisa I said goodbye," I stated, leaving as quietly as I could.

*

I didn't hear from Lisa for a couple of days but eventually she called me.

"What did you DO to him?" she began.

"What?" I asked surprised to hear her voice. "Lisa?"

"Sorry... Hi John, it's Lisa," she said, trying to hurry past her left out introductions. "What did you DO to Mike?" she reiterated.

"What do you mean, 'what did I do?'"

"I mean, ever since you 'talked' to him, he has changed. Yesterday when he woke up, he actually apologized to me, then he went out back and started chopping wood! It didn't end there, he actually started apologizing to everyone he wronged and started helping everyone around town... he's never done that before."

"Maybe after our talk he had a change of heart?"

"He's had 'heart to hearts' with the police, his pastor, he even had an intercession led by his mother and never once has he ever taken action, only words... what did you DO to him?"

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you..."

"Try me!"

"Would you believe..." I started a 'Get Smart' imitation, "Hypnotism?" I lied.

"Hypnotism? How? We watched you, when did you hypnotize him? And besides, when did you suggest he chop my wood?"

"Well, it's true. You don't need a watch or a twirly swirly spinning vortex to do it, just a willing mind. He was easy to hypnotize, he was drunk and distraught," I explained. "He wanted to change, I just pushed him to start doing it."

The truth was that he did want to change, I forced that part of his mind to be his main focus. He would obsessively pay his 'penance' (I guess he was catholic as this came from his own mind) until his mind healed and he confronted his demons.

"Well... whatever you did - it was miraculous, wonderful... Listen, why don't we meet up once again and have a serious talk about the store."

"Really? ... OK! When?"

"How about tonight? Say, five o'clock?"

"I'll be there."

*

I arrived at Cozy Mel's at five and was surprised to see Lisa waiting for me in front. She wore a sexy red evening dress, which surprised me, I was expecting to talk business. She looked hotter than I remembered her. She had large breasts and they were peeking through her open coat. Her dress was doing everything it could to show off all of her curves and sexy bits without getting arrested.

She approached my SUV before I could get out and tapped on my window forcing me to roll it down.

"Hi!" she beamed. "I thought it would be better if we went somewhere nicer to eat and discuss things."

"Umm, sure!" I said excitedly. I got out and rushed around to open her door which made her beam.

I got back in the driver's seat and asked, "So... where are we going?"

"I was thinking... if you don't mind the drive?" she tentatively asked, she looked at me expectantly.

I merely nodded and she grinned like the cat that ate the canary.

"We could go to Grand Lake. There is a nice restaurant called O - A Bistro. I hear they have the best food around."

I was glad that Tracy and Robin had me dress up for this meeting, they even insinuated that this would be more than a 'meeting' and teased me endlessly about it. They kept joking about how I loved 'mature' women and once I got a taste I wouldn't go back, etc. The funny thing was, although they looked to be in their early twenties Robin and Tracy were close to the same age as Lisa so I guess they weren't that far off.

"Well you look WAY too sexy for just a business meeting. I'm guessing you have something else in mind tonight?"

"Well - you were right about me not giving you a chance and I saw something in you the other night that both gave me shivers and got me a little wet," she finished a little meekly. "In any case, I wanted to get to know you better and if you play your cards right, then I think we could come to some sort of agreement."

My doubts about her intentions for the night were quickly dissuaded by her flirtations on our way to Great Lake. Not only was she constantly touching my arms and thighs but I could smell her excitement. I loved the smell of her musk, it gave me the green light to make moves I wouldn't try normally.

I reached over and felt her legs. I gently clawed at her dress bringing the hem of her dress up to her thighs - she offered no resistance and even lifted her legs up to help the process along. When the pale bare flesh of her thighs revealed themselves, it was then I noticed her thigh high stockings causing my cock to throb. I moved my fingers past her stocking and they crept up her smooth warm thighs, caressing, tickling and teasing their way under the hem of her dress.

She spread her legs wider in invitation as I sought the warm damp treasure hidden securely between her legs. When my fingers first reached the lace of her panty, I realized just how sopping she was. Her gasps and moans as I rubbed her vulva and brushed against her clitoris were music to my ears. Her eyes burned me with her lust.

If I wasn't driving, I would have fingered her and was tempted to pull over and fuck her on the side of the road. But, the road was busy and daylight was still too revealing. It didn't seem to matter though, just the ministrations of my fingers on her clitoris seemed to do the job and I felt her tense up and scream in her first orgasm.

I didn't want her to be too embarrassed by any wet spots or smell of cum. One of the girls came through for me and left wet wipes in the glove compartment. It was truly strange being encouraged to have sex with other women by your girlfriends. I felt like I was being pimped out for some reason.

As Lisa cleaned herself she turned to me and sighed, "Wow! That was intense. How did you do that?"

I just shrugged, not wanting to tell her of my pheromones which increased her libido.

"I guess you must have needed this for quite a while," I smiled, and she nodded in agreement.

We finally reached the restaurant. I noticed that she had a little wet spot near her ass. Luckily, her dress was dark enough that you would have to really stare to notice. I was expecting to be escorted to a table, but instead we were escorted into the kitchen.

It turned out that we weren't there just for the food, but rather Lisa had signed us up for cooking lessons from the chef/owner of the restaurant. This woman was proving to be full of surprises.

We were paired up along with five other couples, a lot of whom thought we were a mother and son duo. I was surprised we didn't get more incredulous stares once they realized we were on a 'date'; however, they all ended up being really cool and we only suffered a few well-intentioned jokes.

The chef tutored us on how to do all of the prep work for our dishes, then he demonstrated how to cook each dish and we mimicked him perfectly. I have to admit it wasn't terribly sexy but I did get to show off my cooking skills. Since I barely sleep, I used to practice cooking late at night, watching the cooking channels on my tablet. My better than novice skill was often praised by the chef which led to looks of approval from Lisa. I often would 'show' Lisa how to properly chop this or braise that as I rubbed my cock against her ass from behind.

Many of the couples were there, not to really learn, but to spend time with their significant others and with my pheromones in the air people took cues from us and started getting pretty frisky with each other. One couple in particular, bowed out early and we could tell from the look in their eyes that if they didn't leave right then they would have started fucking each other right there on the kitchen floor. No one really laughed because they were thinking of doing the same thing themselves. If I hadn't brought Lisa to an orgasm earlier in the SUV then we probably would have been following suit ourselves.

Once our dishes were finally prepared, we were finally allowed to sit down and enjoy the fruits of our labors. The food was excellent and we were finally able to talk properly.

"Soooo... I am enjoying myself, but were we going to talk about the store sometime tonight?"

She reached over and rubbed my hand, staring into my eyes and said, "It's yours if we can come to agreeable terms."

"What were you thinking?"

"Why don't you give me an offer first and we'll go from there."

I must admit that I cheated and looked into her mind to see what she was thinking.

"How about this? I'll take over your lease, take over all of your liabilities and pay for half of your inventory plus ten thousand dollars," I said, she looked doubtful. "And for this I will take an eighty percent stake in the business, and you will be an inactive partner in the business with a 20% stake."
