 The entire company had been surprised when the head scientist called to an urgent meeting. It was a sunny Friday afternoon, and everyone was eager to get home. Alyssa was just an intern at this sperm bank, but she had been told it was very important that she attended.

"Thanks for coming on such short notice," the head scientist said. "As you may know, we have had a steady decline in donors recently. Our supply is no longer matching the demand for healthy sperm. If business continues like this, we will be going bankrupt in less than a year."

The entire room gasped, seemingly all at once.

"To combat this harmful development, our lab has been hard at work developing two new devices."

He held up what looked to be a metal capsule, about the size of a meatball.

"This is the S-Extractor. It's a device that is inserted into one's throat, and absorbs any sperm swallowed by the device's user. It will be regularly emptied at the lab, and we will hopefully start building up a steady supply."

The scientist, who's name Alyssa couldn't recall, laid the S-Extractor down on a table next to him. He then grabbed a couple of things that had been sitting next to the previous device; a bottle of pills and what looked to be a remote of some kind.

"Here, we have a device that is yet to be named. The user ingests one of these pills, and adjusts the necessary settings on her remote controller and computer. Then, her looks will transform as she wishes during her sleep. It will, for example, allow a woman to change her appearance to that of a celebrity."

Alyssa was impressed. She could only imagine the work that had gone into a pill that could change her entire body!

"Now, the best idea would of course be to administer these devices to as many women as possible, across the nation. They have, however, been extremely difficult and expensive to produce. This means that we only have two sets in total; one for the use of an employee, and one to be used for further R&D at the lab. To make the selection process as fair as possible, we have decided that anyone interested is to contact me for a personal interview. We're only looking for female candidates at this time, as we prefer the donors to be heterosexual. With that said, I believe we're done. Have a great weekend, everyone."

Alyssa started thinking about whether she was the right woman for the job. Her looks were perfectly decent - she had shoulder long brunette hair; brown eyes that any man could easily drown themselves in; 32B boobs sitting firm atop her chest; and a round bottom with perky cheeks. Would her looks even matter in this job? Alyssa decided to ask around with her female colleagues to hear what they said.

The first person to come to her find was Emma, a fellow intern.

"Emma!" Alyssa yelled across the hallway. She had caught her just as she was leaving the building.

"Hi Alyssa," Emma said.

"I was hoping to speak to you about the meeting. Do you have a minute?" she asked.

"Sure," Emma responded.

"Awesome. So, what do you think?"

"I'd easily apply if it weren't for my boyfriend being so over-protective," Emma said and sighed. "I just don't think he'd be happy with me fucking strangers as a profession."

"Hm. I'm not sure myself, yet. Do you think it would be fun to do? I mean, you could be walking around in the body of your dreams, fucking guys day in and day out," Alyssa said with a laugh. Though she didn't get laid much these days, she was certainly skilled when it came to sex.

"Oh yeah. I think it'll be the best job in the world! You should apply, I think it'll suit you."

"Thanks, Emma," Alyssa said and smiled.

"No problem," she smiled in return. "Now, if you don't mind - I've got to get going. See you next week!"

Although Emma thought Alyssa was a good candidate for the job, she still wasn't convinced. She wanted to get the opinion of someone close to the development of the devices, to assure her the procedure would be safe and harmless. She had spoken with a scientist named Geoff a couple of times before, and figured he was her best bet. Alyssa walked over to the lab, which was located in the building next door to the bank itself. An overly-friendly receptionist greeted her as she entered.

"Hi, welcome to CryoBank Laboratories!" the receptionist said in an obnoxiously high-pitched tone. "Do you have an appointment?"

"I work in the offices," Alyssa responded and proceeded to walk inside without saying another word.

Halfway down the hallway was Geoff's office. Alyssa knocked on the door, hoping he would be there and not in the laboratory itself. After just a moment, Geoff opened the door.

"Alyssa?" he said. He looked surprised, and slightly confused, at the sight of her outside her office. "Can I help you with anything?"

"As a matter of fact, you can," Alyssa responded. "Can I come in?"

Geoff took a step back and gestured for her to step inside. He shut the door behind them, and he took a seat his desktop chair.

"Were you at the meeting today?" Alyssa asked.

"I wasn't but I know what Adam said," he responded. "I've worked on developing the S-Extractor, you know."

"Perfect. I was looking for an informed opinion on the safety perspective of the job."

"Are you thinking of applying?"

Alyssa nodded in response.

"Then I'll do my best to explain it all to you," Geoff responded. "Let's start with the insertion of the S-Extractor. You'll be on anesthetics for the whole process, so there'll be no pain whatsoever. The doctor will make a small incision on the inside of your throat, and the device will be inserted. When you're due to empty it, you'll just come in here and we'll press a button that sends a signal to the extractor. The sperm will exit the extractor and you'll be able to spit it out."

"That sounds fine," Alyssa said, hoping that she had understood him correctly. "I've got one question, though: why do I have to come here to empty the device? Wouldn't it be much handier if I did it at home?"

"That's a good question," Geoff responded. "You see - the sperm cells have to be kept alive, since they would die in just a matter of minutes if you just put them in a regular container of some kind. We've solved this by making the S-Extractor greatly prolong their life span through a rather complicated process. If we empty it here, we can take care of it properly right away. That way, the most cells possible are kept usable."

"Okay..." Alyssa had been comforted, but was still undecided if she should apply or not. "What about that other thing, then? What will it do to me?"

"That's a tad more complicated," Geoff said with a puzzled look on his face. "The pill works together with the controller, which in turn is connected to your computer. We've developed a program where you can search for people by their names. You type in a name, and choose the person with the looks you're after. You then take the pill, which doubles as STI-protection and contraceptive, and wait for a couple of hours. Your body will then gradually change to the one you've chosen."

"But what about my head?" Alyssa asked. "Will I still think and act like my true self?"

"Of course. You have to try to keep 'in character' for the experience of your partner, though. Your body won't change back by itself; you have to take an 'empty' pill - a pill without a desired body - to morph back to your original body. You should avoid collecting any sperm with your 'true' body, however, since it might compromise the reputation of the company if someone were to find out who you're working for. So what do you say, does it sound safe?"

"It sounds fantastic," Alyssa said with a smile.

"Great," Geoff responded. "I'll schedule an interview with Dr. Adams as soon as possible!"

"Dr. Adams?" Alyssa asked.

"The man who held the meeting," Geoff responded.

"Alright, I didn't know his name."

Geoff started tapping away at his computer keyboard.

"Looks like you're the first one to apply. He'll be free in fifteen minutes, if you're ready."

"If you set up an appointment for then, that would be great."

"Done," Geoff said after a moments work. "His office is just at the end of the hallway, you won't miss it."

"Thanks a lot, Geoff," Alyssa said as she got up to leave.

"Good luck," he said as she closed the door behind her.

Alyssa knew she had to look the part in order to get the job. Before going to Dr. Adam's office, she stopped by the bathroom to check how she looked. Today, she was wearing a pink blouse paired with a tight, black pencil skirt stopping halfway down to her knees. She was wearing black heels to make the look seem more formal. As for her makeup, Alyssa had gone with a smokey eye look and pink lip gloss. She decided to unbutton the top few buttons of her blouse, to show just a bit of cleavage. A quick brush through her hair, and she was ready for the interview. Alyssa hurried over to the office in fear of running late. when she arrived, Dr. Adams was holding the door open for her.

"Ms. Sharpe, I presume?"

Alyssa nodded in response.

"Welcome," he said and stepped aside. "Please close the door behind you."

Dr. Adams' office was much bigger than Geoff's. It had not only a desk with chairs on each side, but also a sofa and an armchair. It was obvious who made the most money of the two.

"Please, have a seat," Dr. Adams said.

She sat down in the chair opposite him.

"I understand you're interested in helping out with the development of our two most recent innovations?"

Alyssa nodded.

"Fantastic. These questions might get a bit personal in nature, but your answers will be paramount in deciding if you're the right candidate for the job. Is that alright with you?"

"Of course," Alyssa said.

"Let's get started right away, then. How experienced are you in bed?"

"Well, it's been a few years since I've been with a proper boyfriend. I've had my fair share of one night stands, though."

"Do you enjoy engaging in sexual activities with strangers?"

"I love it," Alyssa said with a smile. "It makes me feel so dirty, that I'm just using them for my own pleasure."

"And what about the size of their orgasms, does your partner tend to make any remarks about the volume of their load?"

"It's happened a couple of times."

"Alright. One final question before we move on: Are you comfortable with swallowing sperm?"

"Absolutely," Alyssa replied.

"So far, so good," Dr. Adams said. "Now, to make sure you're suitable for the job, I'd like a sample of what you'll be providing your future partners with."

Alyssa was a bit confused. Was he asking her to fuck him?

"Um, I'm not sure what you mean," she said.

"I mean you are to fuck me, as a way to determine your capability of extracting semen from your future clients. Is that alright with you?"

"Of course, Dr. Adams," Alyssa said and stood up.

She walked around the desk to the chair where Dr. Adams was sitting. She sat down in his lap.

"I'll show you just what I'm capable of," she whispered into his ear, and started kissing him.

He immediately started kissing her back, and placed his hands on her hips. Alyssa moved her right hand to his crotch, and began rubbing his growing boner through his pants. After a minute of making out, she stood up and took Dr. Adams' hand as for him to do the same.

"Let's see what you have for me," she said as she unbuckled his belt and pulled his pants down.

Dr. Adams wasn't in the mood for teasing, and immediately pulled down his boxers too. His hard cock stood straight out, and slapped Alyssa across the face. Its length was average at about six inches. Knowing how to build a man's orgasm, Alyssa decided to play up its size a bit.

"Oh my," she said while admiring his rod. "Am I in for a treat, baby!"

Alyssa spit in the palm of her hand and started jerking him off. She squinted her eyes slightly while maintaining eye contact. Hoping she could drive him crazy before starting to give him an actual blowjob, she put her free hand around his ball sack and started playing with it. Dr. Adams' moans grew louder, and Alyssa feared he would come before she got a taste of his dick.

"Do you want me to suck your cock, Dr. Adams?" she asked in a seductive tone.

He didn't respond, and instead grabbed hold of his dick, forcing Alyssa to stop jerking him off. He slapped it across her face before guiding it into her mouth. Alyssa didn't mind, and gladly started sucking it. She started slowly bobbing her head up and down. As she sucked, her mouth started making slobbering noises:

"GWAK-KWAH-GWAK-KWAH!"

Alyssa did her best to moan, but whatever sound she tried to make was silenced by Dr. Adams' cock in her mouth. At just six inches, she was certain she could take his entire length without gagging. Alyssa slowly worked her way down towards the bottom of his cock.

"Fuck, Alyssa," Dr. Adams moaned. "That's right, take all of this big cock in your mouth!"

By this point, Alyssa was all the way down and could feel his balls touching her chin. She moved her head back and let his cock out of her mouth with a loud pop.

"You like that?", she teased him while looking into his eyes.

She didn't wait for a response before going down for another round. This time, it was even more effortless and she started bobbing her head up and down quicker and quicker. Alyssa was getting horny herself, and let a hand wander down under her skirt. She started moaning as she rubbed her clit. Suddenly, Dr. Adams pulled out.

"Bend over my desk, Alyssa. I want to fuck your pussy before I cum in your mouth."

She stood up and hiked her skirt up above her hips. This revealed her underwear - a black thong, which she pushed to the side with one hand to make room for Dr. Adams' cock. She let her other hand pull spread her pussy lips.

"Give it to me, baby," she begged.

Dr. Adams pushed his chair back and guided his dick to her entrance. It was almost dripping wet, but he rubbed his rod around to tease her. Alyssa made an almost purring noise, and Dr. Adams took it as a sign his teasing was doing the trick. He pushed inside her. Alyssa gasped and let out a long moan:

"Fuuuuuuuuuuck!"

Dr. Adams started slowly, pushing his dick as far into her pussy as he could before pulling all the way out again. He continued like this until Alyssa got tired and slapped his hips as a sign of discontent.

"Fuck me hard," she begged.

He complied and immediately increased the pace of his thrusts. Alyssa giggled from the sudden increase in pleasure. Dr. Adams shoved his entire dick in with each thrust, and the room became filled with Alyssa's moans and the sound of his hips smacking against her ass. He was rough, but Alyssa had been fucked harder before. She wasn't even close to cumming before Dr. Adams suddenly pulled out:

"I'm gonna cum," he panted. "Come here, quick!"

Alyssa knelt down in front of him, while catching her breath. She took his dick into her mouth, and he erupted into orgasm after just a few licks across his head. He shot load after load of cum into her mouth, and Alyssa made sure to swallow every drop she could.

Alyssa could feel his dick going limp as he stopped shooting. As she opened her mouth, lines of cum had formed between her mouth and Dr. Adams' dick. A few drops that she hadn't yet swallowed ran out onto her chin, but Alyssa quickly scooped them up and put them into her mouth. She licked Dr. Adams' cock clean of cum, and finished with a kiss on its head.

"Holy shit," he said while catching his breath. "I've never shot a load that big before! You certainly know how to give a blowjob."

Alyssa stood up and pulled her skirt down. She ran her hands through her hair, and hoped nobody would be able to tell what she had just done.

"Thanks, baby," she replied. "Sounds like the job is mine, then?"

"You bet. Just let me get cleaned up and we'll set up an appointment for the surgery right away. How does that sound?"

"Sounds great. I'll wait, honey. Take your time," she teased, and sat down in the sofa and crossed her legs.

Five minutes later, he had wiped his cock clean and put his pants on again. He sat down in his chair opposite Alyssa, and logged onto his computer.

"Let's see," he said while scrolling the mouse wheel. "Aha! I can make you an appointment for five o' clock tonight. How does that sound?"

"That'll be great," she said and glanced at the watch on the office wall. "That's in an hour. What's the adress?"

"It's on 9th Street. The company logo is on the facade, you won't miss it."

9th Street was a thirty minute drive from the offices. Better get going, then!

"Thanks, honey," Alyssa said and gave Dr. Adams a kiss.

"You're welcome," he responded with a laugh.

She stood up and walked out of the building. As she passed the receptionist, Alyssa buttoned up her blouse again and gave the annoying receptionist a wink.

Alyssa arrived at 9th Street half an hour later. She spotted the CryoBank logo on one of the facades, and pulled over next to the building. She grabbed her purse and stepped out of her car. The hospital didn't seem to be open to the public, and Alyssa had to ring a doorbell in order to be let inside. A security guard with the biggest biceps she had ever seen came to open the door for her.

"Ms. Sharpe?" he asked.

"That's me," Alyssa responded. The security guard was hot, and she definitely wouldn't mind trying her luck with him later. For now, a little extra sway to her hips as she walked inside had to do.

The security guard guided her up a staircase, and into a sterile-looking corridor. One of the doors was open, and the guard told Alyssa it was hers. She smiled seductively at him and stepped inside. A couple of medical personell were standing around an operating table. One of them reached out to shake Alyssa's hand.

"Ms. Sharpe, I'm Dr. Lopez," he said. He then gestured toward the short woman standing next to him.

"And this is Mia. We'll be operating on you today."

"A pleasure to meet you," Alyssa said and shook Mia's hand as well.

"You're here to have the S-Extractor installed, is that correct?" Dr. Lopez asked.

Alyssa nodded in response.

"Good," he said. "Please lay down on the operating table. Mia, prepare the anesthetics."

Alyssa laid down on the table, and Mia took a syringe out of a drawer. Dr. Lopez seemed to be preparing the S-Extractor itself. Without warning, Alyssa felt a sting on the side of her throat. She assumed it was the anesthetics, and decided to just remain still. She could feel herself going into a kind of daze before falling asleep entirely.

"Ms. Sharpe?"

Alyssa could hear someone calling her name as she tried to open her eyes. Everything around her was blurry, but she managed to mumble something in response.

"Good morning, sweetheart," someone said. Alyssa assumed it was Mia.

"Where am I? Is the surgery over?" she asked in her confusion.

"You're still in the surgery room, Ms. Sharpe. The surgery went well. You'll have to stay here for a little while as you wake up, probably about an hour. I'll check on you in a bit!"

Alyssa could her steps fading into the distance, and she assumed Mia had left.

Alyssa decided it would be best to just relax until she could at least walk by herself. She tried her luck after what she thought to be an hour, and found that she could stand steady on her legs by herself. Suddenly, the door opened and Mia came in.

"Good job!" Mia said. "That was a quick recovery. How are you feeling?"

"I'm feeling just like before, actually," Alyssa replied.

"Great, that's what it should be like. Now, if you would follow me to the office, Dr. Lopez would like a word with you."

"Ah, there you are!" Dr. Lopez greeted her as she arrived at his office. "Thank you Mia, please leave us alone for a bit."

He led Alyssa inside, and they sat down in a sofa.
