 "Professor Hardman

Institute of applied human genetics

Head of department"

.. it said on a brass door plate.

I knocked gently on the door... nothing happened. I knocked harder ... still no reply.

What should I do? Wait? It could be that the professor was just in the bathroom...

Carefully I opened the door. The professor was there! Behind his desk, but it was clear that he was asleep. His chin had sunk on his chest, and I only saw his thick white hair.

"Ahum ... Professor Hardman," I said hesitantly, I did not want to embarrass the old man.

"Hhmmm ... eh ..." the professor apparently woke, "ahh ... young man, come in, come in!"

He slowly rose from his chair .. "I'm sorry ... have you been waiting long? I fall asleep once in a while after lunch ... you know, blood draws down to the stomach. It probably has something to do with age too! "He chuckled.

"Sit down, sit down, young man!" He pointed to a couple of comfortable chairs around a low coffee table.

The professor took a small box, which looked like a remote control to a hologram projector from his desk drawer and sat down on the other side of the coffee table. His cock and balls that hung from the traditional round opening in his pants, looked just as wrinkled as his face.

I had taken a soft leader sleeve on my cock as it had been a little chilly today, which I now took of and hung over the back of my chair.

"So you want to know all about our dear clones?" He asked while he looked at me with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Yes, we get more and more questions about the clones, where they came from and why they evolved ..." I straitened my cock and balls so they hung nicely over the chairs edge between my legs, like the professors.

"Yes, yes ..." chuckled professor with his high pitched voice, "... and you are from Popular Science" he noted.

"Exactly!"

"Excellent! First, I have to tell you something about the situation that the world and mankind was in before the clones started to make their appearance ... "he stroked his hand down his dick as if he brushed some dirt away.

"We need to go far back in time ... some 3500 years!"

"Really?" Said I sincerely astonished.

"Yes, to get to the development stage where we are today, took its time! It's not just the development of the modern clone, but also the shift in human vision and morale that was necessary for this to be realized. "

"It sounds exactly like the exciting story that we thought it was," I said encouraging.

"You see, the world was then in a completely different situation than we are today. There was an energy and climate crisis, many small wars round about in the world and all natural resources were becoming scarce...and last but not least there was an immense over population! "

I nodded, even though I did not quite understand what the climate and energy crisis meant and the professor continued, "In addition, it became more and more frustrating to be a man when women quietly were about to take control over society!"

I looked at him in astonishment: "Really? ... Take over society?"

"Yes, yes," said the professor smiling at my astonished face, "... it is hard to imagine today, when you know the brain power of clones! But at that time women were industrious and intelligent, and at some time first in the twenty first century there were far more women with a higher education than men! "

"Incredible," I said sincerely.

"And it was clear that sooner or later women would have the majority in most of the governments of the world."

"Was there more than one government," I asked.

"Yes, yes, the world was divided into many countries, and the countries that were democratic, that is, where the people voted on who should sit in the government, just as we do today, there women could have easily taken power! "

"What a disaster that would have been," I remarked.

"Totally true," replied the professor, smiling, "but the worst thing was that apart from being frustrated by this, most men were also sexually frustrated! Very frustrated even! "

"Do you know the concept of marriage?" he continued when I did not reply.

"Never heard of it," I replied, as was true.

"I thought so!" Laughed the old man, "a man and a woman entered into a marriage after having promised each other sexual fidelity for the rest of their lives!"

"You must be joking!"

"Not at all! Infidelity usually ended with that the couple divorced, that is, they separated ..."

"Ah, you could then, get out of it," I said, relieved.

"Yes, but what good was that going to do you? Look how the average woman looked at that time! "He pressed on the remote control and the image of a naked, reasonably shapeless woman with small sagging tits loomed over the coffee table. Her face I would call ugly.

"Here is a woman of about 40 years," said the professor with discomfort in his voice, "you can see that one should be unusually hungry for sex to fuck a woman like that!"

"Oh certainly," I replied, "Were there really no woman better looking than this one?"

"Oh yes," replied the professor and chuckled, "just look here!"

A beautiful young girl with small firm breasts and long shapely figure and legs, loomed over the table.

"She really looks fine," I said, feeling my cock starting to move, "even though her tits are very small!"

"Yes, but beauties like her were few," he pressed again on the remote control, "here you see how the same woman looked like 50 year old!"

It was hard to believe that it was the same woman as the beautiful girl, although I recognized her face. The breasts were bigger, but hung half way down to her navel and her beautiful dark hair was turning gray. My cock, which had risen halfway up from the chair, fell down again.

"These examples look very discouraging," I said.

"Yes, they do!" replied the professor, "but the men had something they could comfort themselves with!"

"What was that?" I asked.

"Do you know the concept of pornography?" He continued, smiling.

My face must have looked completely blank, and before I could answer he said, laughing: "No, I thought not!

"Pornography had in the twenty first century existed for hundreds of years. Originally as drawings and paintings, later also as writings, called books. In the twentieth century, the Internet, what we today call the net, evolved and men, for it was mostly men who looked at pornography, saw pictures, read stories and saw something called videos from the net on some very simple computers, while they satisfied themselves! "

"That sounds absolutely incredible, horrible!", I said, "was it because the women would not fuck or was it because they were so ugly?"

"It was probably both," replied the professor, "but also because women became more and more intellectual and rational. You should know that women back then were not at all the horny creatures that clones are today! It has been measured that a clone is thinking of something sexual between 2 and 4 times per minute! The most horny women at that time thought of sex maybe 2 times a day! "

"Wow, what a difference," I said sincerely amazed, "but I also think about sex several times per minute!"

"Yes, men have always been more sexual creatures than women ... one of the most important changes or breakthroughs we have achieved is the change of the woman's brain and being, from the intellectually and rationally type to a super horny, sex-hungry creature!"

"Incredibly interesting! Amazing!, "I said hoarsely.

"But we jump too far ahead in my story," said the professor, "it was pornography we came from. Porn, as it was abbreviated, was a whole industry in the late twentieth and early in the twenty first centuries. There were what was called porn stars, men with extra-large cocks and women with shapely bodies and large breasts, as you can see here! "He pressed again on his remote and a picture of a naked man and ditto woman loomed over the table. The woman looked really good, with a well-turned butt and big, firm tits, but the man, although he was well built, had only a very small and thin, stiff cock of maybe 7 or 8 inches long and a thickness of max 2 inches at the base!

"I thought you said he had a big dick? "I laughed.

"Yes", the professor smiled too, "for in that time this was a big cock! Some black men had bigger cocks, maybe 10 to 12 inches, but that was it!"

I laughed, and at the same time felt a little sorry for those men, although, of course, they did not know what would be achieved later!

"Here you have another picture from the world of porn", he said while an image of a very beautiful woman being fucked in all holes by 3 studs, loomed in the air between us.

"That looks great!" I exclaimed, while my dick got stiff.

"Yes!" the professor said, "but wouldn't you rather participate instead of just looking at them?"

"Absolutely!" I replied while I held my half stiff cock a little to one side so it would not block my view.

"These woman had their boobs enhanced, that is operated, with silicone bags to make them bigger and more firm! Actually some would go to any length to change their bodies to become the sex objects that the men could drool over! They called these woman bimbos."

"This story is getting more and more exciting by the minute!" I exclaimed while I pulled my foreskin back from my, now full blown, hard on.

"This was the background from which the clones emerged: Social and economic unrest and sexual frustration. The first cloning experiments started already in the twentieth century, with the cloning of certain mammals, but these experiments were aborted for ethical and religious reasons. People should not mess with life, only god could do that! That was the general perception."

"So how did it go from there?" I asked curiously while I massaged my balls as I was getting very excited by the professors story!

"Well, actually a few far-sighted scientist did not stop their experiments! In secrecy they developed human embryos from stem cells taken from a female at her birth, that they knew later had become a very beautiful woman. They then inseminated all woman that could not get pregnant in the normal way, that came to their clinic, with these embryos instead of with their husbands semen and fertilized eggs!"

"So all these woman would get identical baby girls!" I filled in, "wouldn't that be discovered very easily?"

"They figured not, since these woman came from all parts of the country. But eventually it did come out though, when one of these girls won a beauty contest when she was 25! There were pictures of her everywhere on the net and other girls that had about the same age recognized her face. And then it did not take long before it was found out that all these girls mothers were inseminated at the same clinic!"

The professor smiled.

"So that was the end of that?" I asked.

"Well, no! There was a terrible stir of course, and some of the leading scientists went to jail, but at the same time, some influential and very rich people saw that here was something with potential! Maybe they already then could see a world with a beautiful woman for every man or for most men. We don't know, but we do know that the insemination with female embryos continued and was expanded to a large part of the world. This time it took much longer before it was discovered, actually 150 years, since they had used embryos made from very many different female stem cells!"

At this moment there was a knock on the door, and in came an absolute beauty! A clone model I certainly had never seen before! A tall fabulous figure with enormous, firm boobs that seemed to almost pop out of her short, black, tight dress. She smiled at me and made my cock get harder still.

"It's 3 o'clock master!" she said in a soft, sexy voice and bend over to touch his shoulder.

"Ah, yes, Belinda!" the professor said in a cuddling voice while his cock started to get hard in a few powerful jerks.

"Do you mind?" he asked addressed to me, "Belinda sucks my cock every day at 3, and I hate to change my daily routine!"

"No of course not!" I replied at once, "it will a pleasant break!" I saw that the old man's cock had gotten stone hard; all wrinkles had gone and his scrotum had tightened around his huge balls, ready for action!

The beautiful Belinda bend over his monster cock, opened her mouth wide and let it slide down, taking the first 10 inches down her throat!

"You can, off course, take the other end!" muttered the old man in a hoarse voice.

"Thank you!" I almost jumped up, since my cock was about to explode! I lifted Belinda's short dress and uncovered the most beautiful butt you can imagine! Opening the cheeks with my thumbs revealed her tight butt hole and a delicious looking cunt, both dripping with small drops of clear, viscous juice. I moved my fat dick head up between her buttocks and down between her swollen pussy lips as it was hard to decide which of these too tempting holes to take! At last I decided for her cunt, and as soon as I slid in to her warm, moist cavity I knew that it had been the best choice as I could feel her cunt squeeze my dick in a pulsating manner. I fucked her slowly, since I did not want to disturb her sucking of the old man's dick, which was going very well, judging by the satisfied, moaning sounds that came from the professors throat!

I slid 15 inches of my cock up her cunt, but I sensed that she could take the full length! O wonder what a feeling! That pulsating grip of her cunt round my dick as I slowly retracted and reentered!

After a few more slow thrusts Belinda also started to make moaning sounds that seemed to come from deep within her slim body while foam bubbles were building up around my dick.

A few more seconds and the professor exploded, and as he held down her head with his hands I could almost hear him pumping his cum down her throat while he roared out his orgasm!

Belindas legs were starting to shake and I held her hips so she would not fall while I made a few more strokes until she came, then I let go of my cum and shot a big load right at her womb. God that felt great! 

A few moments later Belinda got the old man's dick out of her mouth and I had pulled my dick out of her cunt. She was still a little unsure on her legs and though she had swallowed most of the old man's cum she had some cum around her mouth. She held one hand between her legs so she would not drip cum and juice on the floor.

"Good job, Belinda!" said the professor in a hoarse voice while he started cleaning his cock.

"Thank you master!" Belinda replied and looked sincerely happy.

"Ain't she sweet!" the old man said to me.

"Absolutely, and the best fuck I've ever had!" I said while drying my soaking wet cock with my handkerchief.

"Iiih, thank you sir!" said Belinda tripping to get to the bathroom.

"You run along girl, and clean up."

"Thank you master!" said Belinda, running to the door.

"Good fuck, yeah? Said the professor, holding his still half stiff dick in one hand while small drops of cum still ran from his dick head.

"Fantastic!" I replied, "what type is she?"

"It's a new model especially designed for office work", said the professor, "extremely horny and at the same time bright enough to learn to read and do some simple office work! I got her just a month ago from the farm."

"Well I don't know about the reading, but I do know she fucks like a dream!"

The professor laughed while he handed me a small towel. We sat a moment in silence while we dried our half stiff dicks.

"She sure knows how to use that cunt!" I said, "never experienced anything like it!"

"I know, I know! She's the best clone we have made so far! But to get back to our story, the cloning of beautiful girls could not be stopped, no matter how hard the moralists in the government tried, and eventually after another hundred years or so, it was permitted!

My dick had fallen to rest, but the professors was still standing at a 45 degree angle, as if there was more fucking to be done!

"The next milestone battle against the moralists was won another 200 years or so later when it was decided that, though a clone was a human being with human rights, a clone of a clone was owned by whoever made that clone!" he chuckled satisfied while he massaged his balls with one hand, as if the story was getting more exciting.

"That, of course, had an enormous impact on the cloning business! Now there really was a potential to make an enormous amount of money for the cloning labs!" I could see that just thinking about this scenario, made the professors dick rock hard again. And as he massaged his balls he continued: "Almost immediately scientists started looking for other methods of producing clones! The whole business with the surrogate mothers was very laborious and hard to administer, even though they started to make clones of clones that were especially suited to give birth, and then put up to three fertilized eggs at the time up their wombs. These woman had to be fed for nine months and then they had to have a cesarean delivery, so after maybe 2 or three deliveries these woman were worn out!"

Small drops of cum ran down the professors, thick, rigid dick shaft and I could also feel my excitement building up again. "So what did they do then?"

"They started working on making artificial wombs! But as you maybe know, this proofed to be a very hard nut to crack: To make a mechanical womb connect to living tissue and keeping it alive!"

"But they succeeded I exclaimed!", as I pulled back the foreskin from my swollen dickhead again.

"Yes, but it took well over 300 years to get a working prototype! But from there on, the development went fast! Today we make well over 20 million clones every year in large wombs that take five clones at the time. Clone farms are situated all over the world, and even though we still can't make an affordable clone for every man, I expect we can do so in about a century!"

"What an unbelievable story!" I said while I watched the first drops of pre cum emerge from my dick.

"Yes, but what happened after that is even more spectacular, especially for a geneticist like me!" He held a small towel round his dick to dry up the excessive cum that was flowing from his enormous hard-on.

"We had gotten more and more insight in the mechanisms of interaction between genes, and which gene affects what. Also the masking of genes, that is inactivating genes, has played a very important role in the development until today!" the professors voice was getting hoarse, "I think we have to get Belinda in here again!" He pressed a button on his remote, and a moment later a voice said: "I'm sorry master but Belinda is in the shower...can I be of service?"

"Aah, Janice, yes! Get that horny ass of yours in here on the double!" the professor replied, and to me he said: "This will be another treat for you! Janice is our nurse, here in the compound and I think she is even more hot than Belinda!"

I had a hard time believing there could be a clone sexier than Belinda, but I was proven wrong the next moment, when the little goddess called Janice stepped in to the door!

She was the absolute most sexy thing that I had ever seen! And the clothes she was wearing accentuated all her extravagant attributes in every way!

A short, tight fitting top packed her large, firm tits exquisitely but especially the very short pleated skirt that left her cunt and adorable butt visible made her a feast to look at! What a butt! Those beautiful rounded, firm globes, where you wanted to bury your face between and lick those hidden fuck holes! As a topping she wore a garter belt that kept some short, white, sexy net stockings in place; beautiful!

"Oohh, master", she giggled, "I can see you have a problem!" She immediately bent forward, gaping over the professors enormous dickhead and let half of his stiff cock slide down her throat.
