 *All persons engaged in sex in this story are 18 or older if not obvious or stated.

*This story gives a different perspective to the Altered universe and introduces a new character to the scene "Mike" an Ataru that has been genetically edited and the problems he faces as a result. My hope is to bring Mike and Nate together in future chapters. This story contains a lot more sex than the previous chapters and is also rather long since I put in a lot of backstory elements. I hope it is at least entertaining.

*Some people speaking Italian are translated and paraphrased in English for better reading, (in case you are left wondering why an Italian is saying something they wouldn't say in their language etc.). I didn't want to chop up the dialogue into Italian-English Google translations and instead focused on writing as if they were natural English speakers.

If you find any errors please send them to me directly, don't leave them in the comments. I'll collect them and submit a replacement once I've gathered enough. I appreciate all of your comments and if you like the story please vote on it.

As always thanks to Alwaysready64 for his help editing this work. I tend to write long stories and there aren't many people with the time and patience to edit them.

Updated- 09-02-2018

*****

I had just gotten out of a fog. The drugs they had me on were finally fading from my system and I found myself in a seedy apartment at God knows where. I was lying on a ratty, what used to look like brown, couch. Sitting across from me was a slight waif of a woman, with thick horn-rimmed glasses and she looked on me with concern.

"Who are you?"

"My name is Emelia Cantonelli. I'm a lab assistant for a company called Genentech Labs. I work the night shift and was able to sneak you out of the lab during a portmanteau [hurricane]," she said, speaking English well enough but with a heavy Italian accent.

"The last thing I remember was taking a vacation, backpacking across Europe. I decided to start off in the UK and just reached Glasgow after hiking for a several days. I don't even remember Glasgow..."

"Yes, you were kidnapped off the streets of Glasgow, it's been at least four years now. You were one of many kidnap victims that were illegally experimented on. The company covered up your kidnapping when a terrorist bomb hit downtown Glasgow," she informed, fidgeting.

"You are thought to be one of the many who died that day. Genentech was in charge of identifying the bodies. Normally they would pick their experiments off one at a time in and spread out the kidnappings over different times and locations to keep within statistical norms. The bombing, however, was a perfect ploy to cover up hundreds of kidnappings and they quickly kidnapped over a hundred males that they were following in the area and successfully convinced the world that the people they kidnapped died that day when they identified their DNA as being on the scene."

"They randomly picked a bunch of guys off the streets?"

"No, no, you were selected... targeted really. The lured you here with a backpacking trip at a tremendous discount. They knew from your browsing history that you were interested in a European vacation so they planted an offer that would be too tempting for you to pass up."

"Why me?"

"You aren't that special, really, but they found out that you were healthy and had no living family members left. They were looking for males that were within a certain age range who were healthy, single and had no one that would come looking for them... They targeted tens of thousands of guys from everywhere really. They only needed a couple hundred for the experiment they did, so it was just a matter of waiting for the right opportunity to strike. Once they got you here, they were going to come up with an 'opportunity' to capture you, but fortuitously the terrorist bombing happened and they used it."

"Why would they go to the trouble of picking me? Why not pick a homeless guy or something?"

"Most of the homeless near the labs were mentally unstable or unhealthy and believe it or not there were people that would notice if they went missing. People have such compassion for the homeless and the charities often knew them by name. People tend to pay attention to the ugly and the beautiful but the average they could care less about, and you my friend were completely average - looks, wealth, education. Besides, rounding up the homeless would have taken a lot more work, not just money but the manpower. And the thing about kidnapping is the less people you have involved the better."

"I don't know if that makes a lot of sense, but I guess if they needed me to be mentally stable... OK, but I live in America, how did they find me?"

"You were looked up through fake dating websites and cross referenced through data found out about you on the web. You were lured here with the promise of a cheap vacation and the best part was you paid for it with your own money AND walked right over to them. It took Genentech a minimal amount of manpower and resources..."

"So, I'm a lab rat?"

"Well not really, a lab rat would be used to find an experimental result, usually for science... they weren't trying to find a result, they had that already. What they needed was to find someone that was a compatible producer for their results... you were made into a machine of sorts..."

"How am I a machine?" I said, looking at myself and touching myself randomly to verify that I didn't have mechanical parts.

"That's not what I mean. Of course, you're not a robot! But you ARE a human that was altered to produce cures for the human race. Your body was made to produce antibodies and nanobots cheaply - like a machine."

"Whaaa? What do you mean by that? Nanobots, how am I producing nanobots?"

"You are a living vaccine machine... You see, Genentech found the cure for all sorts of viruses, diseases, STDs and genetic abnormalities using modified organic nanobots. The problem was that producing just one nanobot on a machine took millions of dollars. A human needs billions of these nanobots in their system in order for the cures to be effective. That's just for ONE person, in order for them to make money, they would have to be able to produce billions of them per dose, and cheaply."

"What does that have to do with me?"

"I'm getting to that - hold your horses..." she looked at me crossly before continuing. "The project was going to be shelved when another scientist working on a separate project came up with a brilliant solution, what if we modified a human to produce the nanobots? A living being can create billions of cells every day and the nanobots are made of organic material. This researcher came up with a modification to a human's testes to boost production of antibodies. He said it could be tweaked to produce nanobots too. However, since the device was designed to work with testes it would take years to come up with a similar device to work with a different organ. One advantage to having it in the testes was that it was easy to harvest the nanobots since they would be part of a person's ejaculate."

"That's kind of gross... Why not use an ape or a pig or some other animal?" I cut in.

"It had to be human because they needed them to produce HUMAN antibodies, animal antibodies were not only not-compatible but in certain people would kill them. The idea was a breakthrough because a human could be made to produce billions of nanobots for next to nothing, saving them potentially billions."

I reached down and felt my balls and realized that they were still there with some relief. But for some reason they were huge, probably twice the size they were before.

"OK, I could see why guys wouldn't want their balls messed with. Why are they so big?"

"Your testes have integrated artificial organs implanted in them, they take up more room. Also, you should know that you produce WAY more ejaculate than you did before... you produce about a half a cup to a cup of ejaculate now per session, and with your healing you can recharge in a matter of minutes... before you might have produced a tablespoonful and maybe only a couple of times per day.

"They also made your penis bigger. I'm guessing because most of them were guys and thought it would be more exciting. They made excuses as to why your penis needed to be almost ten inches long, but having a smaller penis, would have been more beneficial. Not all women would do well with a large penis. The point of you being a machine was to ejaculate semen into a vagina, so satisfying the woman wasn't a concern. It seemed counterproductive for it to be big, but the proponents argued that a bigger penis meant deeper penetration and their logic won out."

"Curing diseases sounds like a noble pursuit, why couldn't they just get volunteers? Why kidnap me? I'm sure a lot of guys would love a have a bigger cock..."

"Well you see, in order for you to produce the antibodies you would have to become immune to all of the diseases and maladies you would cure. That meant you would have to be infected with hundreds of vaccines that could kill you. The probability of survival was low at best, even with volunteers, there weren't many that would want to sacrifice their lives for it. Besides, in order for them to maximize their investment they would have to have you almost producing 24/7 - like a machine."

"How is that possible? I have to sleep and to rest, don't I? Not to mention having sex is tiring."

"They thought of that too, they modified your stamina. You have a higher metabolism now and require little sleep. A side effect is that you are also stronger and faster than before. They had to keep you drugged constantly in order to keep you under control."

"So - I am effectively a 'bull' - that produces semen laced with nanobots and antibodies?"

"Well that was the plan. The only problem was that they needed a lot more 'bulls' but you were the only one that survived the process. Not only that, they found that the semen you produced wasn't 100% effective by itself... you needed to copulate with a person in order to produce the right antibodies for them. Without that, the semen only corrected a lot of generic issues and diseases. Which in and of itself is still pretty powerful."

"So, if I don't fuck them there's no guaranteed cure?"

"If you want to be crude, yeah... but that's not all. It turns out that you are highly fertile, and the nanobots in the process of healing the woman would destroy all drugs in the woman's system, even defeating the effects of the pill. Your sperm survive five times longer than normal sperm meaning it could survive over a month in a woman, not only that they are almost all able to penetrate the ovum almost guaranteeing a pregnancy. The effects your ejaculate have on a woman's reproductive system don't stop there, it also changes a woman's DNA giving her more desirable qualities. Again, this wasn't in the original plan, but another scientist merged another project into the experiment, to save money. The effects were that women changed in appearance, their skin smoothed out, their breasts grew large if they were small, and smaller if they were too larger. Their asses grew more..." she said, making a gesture to indicate they were more voluptuous. "And worse of all, it acted like a fertility drug and has all the side effects of one..."

"Wait a minute, how do you know that?"

"They have been using you for a year now to cure different women, you got a lot of them pregnant before they discovered this - yes they were all on the pill. Most of the women became pregnant with twins but one in particular became pregnant with five fetuses... Most of the women had abortions but two carried their babies to term..."

"I have KIDS!?"

"Four that I know of - sorry. These women were anonymous test subjects, most of whom had nothing to lose. I don't know who they are and now that I am no longer with the company..."

"So, there is no way to stop a pregnancy with me?"

"Yes, there is, they discovered that IUDs still work great. So, most of their clients had to have IUDs implanted for a month before they copulated with you."

I sat there in stunned silence.

"Wait a minute... I get how I cure women, how do I cure guys?"

"Ehm, well..." she started and pointed to her ass.

"What? They made me fuck some guys in the ass?"

"No, no, no -- although, I think they eventually would have. But even in your drugged state you were not attracted to guys, they would have eventually tricked you somehow but I got you out of there before that happened."

"How do you know that I can cure someone by ass-sex?"

"You... had sex with a woman - in the ass - and you cured her - mostly. As I said only vaginal sex guarantees 100% cures, anal sex is 50% effective and oral sex is less effective than anal."

"You mean it only works half the time?"

"No, more like it only works on half the maladies, the systems that the nanobots can affect from the colon well let's just say half of them don't make it through the system. Orally most of the semen gets destroyed in the stomach. A small amount can coat the throat and get into the system but it's not very effective."

"I can't get a woman pregnant with anal so why not have me do that all the time?"

"That would have been ideal - but you're HUGE! Hindsight is twenty-twenty, so making your cock so big actually became a big problem, and of course the nay sayers that said to keep your cock an average size had a field day of 'I told you so's'. Unfortunately, it would have been very risky reversing the procedure. So, they tried it out with one woman... the girl you had sex with was traumatized by the experience both physically and mentally."

"Why would it traumatize her? She knew what was going to happen, right? Didn't they prepare her?"

"Yes, but it's not like we had you under mind control. The drugs you were under made you really horny and aggressive. Anal sex is painful the first time, even if done correctly with a lot of preparation. Under your drugged state you had no consideration, all you knew to do was fuck whomever was in the room when they set you loose. Needless to say, wham-bam sex had her screaming in pain... It took 5 guys to get you off of her. You just kept going and going, you came in her 3 times before they pulled her out of there... I watched the tape, it was brutal," she said, shuddering.

My mood turned somber, I was nothing but a gimp to them.

"Couldn't I heal her after that?"

"Yes, but her injuries were mostly mental. Your ejaculate healed her anal tears in minutes."

"Why couldn't you just inject the semen into her ass artificially?"

"You could but it wouldn't be as effective. You see they modified your cock to have microscopic 'feelers' that would be able to send back data to the machine in your testes as you have sex. The artificial organ would then know how to produce the right antibodies specific to that 'client.' Without that data, you would produce something more generic that although useful does not cure everything."

I looked around somberly the finally asked, "What do I do now? Can I go home?"

"What home? Everyone thinks you are dead and I don't know how to tell you this but you no longer look like yourself... They modified your DNA, even your fingerprints are different. You have no passport, no history, no family... besides its been years since you've been gone, there is nothing to go back to."

She was wrong about my not having any family - but she was right, she wouldn't be looking for me.

I ran towards a hallway I assumed to have a bathroom. I tried a few doors until I found it. I quickly entered the dingy white-tiled bathroom, with a shower stall off in the corner and a pedestal sink straight off the doorway. The sink looked dirty, like it hadn't been cleaned in years, residue was caked around the bowl and the smell coming out of the drain overwhelmed me, a wave of nausea turned me green.

The feeling quickly passed as I splashed cold water on my face. I looked in the dilapidated mirror, with streaks running through it barely reflecting my image. It reminded me of a truck stop bathroom mirror that was so full of graffiti scratch marks that you had to move your head around in different angles to see a partial reflection. The face I finally did see, I didn't recognize.

I wasn't much of a judge of male attractiveness but even I had to admit the rugged looking blonde in the mirror was hot. I looked a lot like Chris Hemsworth except even more Nordic. My hair, eyebrows, and body hair were all blonde. There wasn't a hint of my old dirty brown hair left; there was none growing out of the roots. My chest was broader and more muscular, and I had noticeable biceps now. I kept myself in pretty good shape but I was at best average, yet none of my old physique was left. I was never really fat; my only exercise was my workouts in the Krav Maga dojo and my nightly runs. I hadn't lifted weights since high school. Most of my exercise was endurance and body weight exercises like push-up that they made us do in the dojo. It kept me lean but NOW I looked like I could fight in the octagon - and win.

I didn't know if I should thank Genentech or not, but I definitely wasn't going to be their cum producing slave/machine. I needed to get away, go to the police, report them to the media or something. The only thing was, I no longer had an ID. I had no money and I knew no one. Hell, I'm betting I was in a country that didn't speak English. I doubt I was still in Scotland.

I walked back into the room and saw Emelia on her cell phone. She held up a finger to silence me as she talked.

When she finished she appeared worried and hastily said, "You have to go! That was the company. They're searching for you. They've got a lot of technology and manpower to search for you. They'll know where I am, so you need to go. Here is some money, it's enough to buy you a meal and a few drinks... You're a clever man, I know it. Out fox them and don't let them take you back!"

After a quick thank you and a curt goodbye and her apologies that she couldn't do more for me, I was out the door. I had some blue jeans and a black t-shirt on, both were really tight on me.

Once I got outside, I noticed that sure enough I was not in Scotland anymore. As a matter of fact, I was likely in what looked like a small Italian town. I would have to gather more clues to figure out where I was. The town was old and the streets weren't meant for cars, they were cobble stoned, narrow and barely had room for two people to stand side by side. Most people in town drove around in single banger vehicles that were more reminiscent of go karts than cars, and they sped through the 'streets' as if they were invincible. It was an amazing site to see them clear the paths with mere millimeters clearance.

The town was situated in the hills bordering the ocean and toward the bottom of the town there was a seaport. It was surrounded by lush green olive trees. The ancient cobblestoned paths seemed to diverge randomly going up and down, left and right leaving my sense of direction hurting for an American grid system. It was reminiscent of walking through a maze. The slope of the hill and the constant visage of the blue sea kept me on course as I made my way through the web.

I was ravenous, yet my first thought was to change my clothes. If what Emelia said was true the company would be looking for me everywhere and they would scour this town first. I needed to be able to blend in with the locals. It wouldn't do me any good to feed myself if I got captured five minutes later so I searched for a way to disguise myself.

I walked down the streets until I found a vendor selling hats. I looked for a hat that had a wide brim but also one that the locals often used. When I got to the counter and noticed how attractive the sales woman was; she had dark luscious brown hair almost black, dark brown sparkling eyes, lightly tanned olive skin, beautiful face, plump lips, big breasts for her frame and wide hips. She most likely had a couple of kids already, but that didn't bother me in the least -- not according to my erection anyway.
