 This is the third story in the &amp;quot;Digital Dominion&amp;quot; series following 'Special Agent Jessica Rabbit' and 'Mowgli Hunt'. All characters are 18 or older.

*

Digital Dominion is a world inside the computer where human beings can live out their dream lives. No matter how fantastic they may be.

Don't let the world lie to you kids, superheroes are dicks. Oh, they act all magnanimous and noble but really, they're glory hounds and jackasses, every last one of them. The worst of them all though is Captain Wonder. The beloved hero of Everstone City, he is the world's greatest superhero. I should know. I'm his sidekick Wonder Boy.

I didn't want to be. That's the problem with Digital Dominion. They seriously underestimated how many of us would want to be superheroes. As new cities are built they each get their own hero. Until they were finished there were still too many of us out there. So, the new arrivals were assigned to older heroes in an apprenticeship of sorts. We became their sidekicks until our own city was ready.

Mine was still five years off. That was far too long. Captain Wonder was always showing up to work drunk doing far more damage than the villains. He blamed me for everything that went wrong insulting me every chance he got. If there was a menial embarrassing task he could make me do he would. Finally I had enough.

I packed my bags and headed for the Realmway. The Realmway is a subway train that takes you between zones in Digital Dominion. It was time for me to find something else. I didn't care what, as long as it was far from here. As I neared a woman screamed down a nearby alley. Nope, not my job anymore. She screamed again. I sighed, defeated.

"Don't worry, Miss, Wonder Boy is on the way!" I shouted, running down the alley.

Having changed into my costume, which I hated by the way, I was ready to go. I wore green boots and unitard with a gold W on my chest and sleeves with a flowing gold cape. On my face I wore a little black domino mask. My short red hair was parted to the right. With my prevalent freckles gave me a rather confusing look, age wise. I arrived to find three armed men harassing a woman on the ground.

"Give us your purse, lady."

"Trust me fellas," I quipped, "it clashes with your outfits."

"Wonder Boy!" they shouted in unison.

OK, I might miss that a little.

"Get him!" the lead goon shouted.

They came at me. I smiled. I a hail of fists I beat the fools soundly, knocking them them to the ground with ease. I turned to the woman giving her my hand.

"There you go, Miss."

"Thank you," she said taking my hand.

Wait, I knew that voice. The woman stood up. She was a gorgeous woman, leggy with massive breasts and long flowing brown hair pulled back into a ponytail. She wore a matching purple skirt and sports coat open to reveal her ample assets and eye shadow behind round frames. This was the city's most notorious criminal in the city: The Teacher.

***

Wonder Boy, sidekick to Captain Wonder, has tired of his life and decided to call it quits. On the way out he stopped to help a damsel in distress who turned out to be the vilainess The Teacher who has captured him for her own undisclosed gains.

***

Don't let the world lie to you, kids. Being a super-villain sucks. You think it's all sexy costumes, daring crimes, thrilling chases and nonstop adventure. Well it's not. You're always on the run, always watching your back afraid someone will catch you or some other crook will cross you and kill you. You can never go back to your old life, you can never take a day off, you have to give up everything and don't get me started on prison life.

I thought after being exposed to unstable chemicals in my school's science lab and gaining powers life would be better. It's been worse. There's only been one bright spot in it lately: Wonder Boy. 

He became Captain Wonder's sidekick three years ago. I was immediately taken with the cute ginger lad. I often went out of my way to flirt with him and to my surprise there would be days he would flirt back. Then came the day that broke my heart. My spies told me he was quitting and leaving the city forever. I could not let that happen.

***

"What are you doing here?" I demanded.

"I came to give you a proper sendoff," she said, still holding my hand.

"One last trip to jail for old times' sake? I'm sure you still have time on your sentence left to serve."

"I was thinking off something a little more pleasurable for both of us."

Suddenly she pulled out a machine gun and emptied the clip into my chest. Now don't worry I'm bulletproof and we both knew it. It still knocked the wind out of me though leaving me crumpled over and weak. She used this opportunity to force my head in between her breasts. Her own powers kicked in. A natural chloroform poured out of her skin and into my nose.

"Night, night, baby," I heard her laugh as I passed out.

I awoke in the back of the limo, on my knees, wrapped in chains. The Teacher sat on the seat behind me holding the end of the chain like a leash.

"Oh good, you're awake, don't worry baby, you're gonna love what comes next."

***

My limo pulled up to the hotel. I smiled down at the chained and weakened Wonder Boy at my feet.

"OK Baby, I'm gonna need you to be a bit more cooperative for a few minutes."

"What?"

Before he could finish I popped my foot out of my heels and placed my toes over his nose. Pheromones wafted from between my nose, up his nose and into his brain. He started to struggle then stopped, a dreamy look on his face. I slipped my shoe back on.

"Come along, pet."

He loyally followed me out of the limo and up the back staircase into the honeymoon suite. I managed to chain him to a wooden chair, hands behind his back, before the pheromones wore off.

"God dammit!" he snapped.

"What's the matter Baby? Not having fun?"

"What the hell do you want, Teacher?"

I pulled out a small handgun shooting him in the chest again.

"Why?" he winced.

"Can't having you breaking those chains yet, can I?"

I slipped off my dress and shoes, revealing my tan bra and panties. I climbed onto his lap, forcing his head to my chest, gun still pointed at his chest.

"Oh Wonder Boy, when I'm done with you --- you'll have to change your name to Wonder Man."

"You're insane."

"No, just in love."

I kissed him roughly on the mouth. An aphrodisiac poured from my lips and into his mouth. He became instantly hard under me.

"Much better."

I grabbed a pair of fabric scissors from the bed and clipped his unitard exposing his underwear. I cut those off next. I tossed the scissors away. 

"Beautiful."

I laughed at the adorable blush on his face. 

"You've been a very naughty boy. Trying to leave and not take me with you? You and I are a pair, a team, we go together. You're the only thing I love in my life and I will not lose you. I will not allow it."

I pulled down my panties and claimed my prize. I then rode my new stud to a massive climax. The best part was that with my aphrodisiac in his system he would stay hard for at least five more hours. I smiled. Then I shot him again. While he tried to catch his breath again I gave him a taste of my chloroform breasts, pheromone feet and aphrodisiac lips. 

"What ... a ... are you ... you ... doing?" he stammered.

"Let's see: shooting you, drugging you, and raping you all night until I've broken your cute little mind. When I'm sure that's worked you and I are going down to that little chapel down the road and making this official. Then it's off to the little farm I bought in the country zone for a quite life just you and me. It's time we were happy, don't you think?"

I mounted him again. He moaned in pleasure.

"I'm so glad you agree."

The End