 The crowded room was hot, and filled with the scent of alcohol and smoke. Alice didn’t usually attend these kinds of parties, but made exception for this one. This was the last party of her senior year in high school, and she decided that one last blowout wouldn’t hurt. Alice quickly found herself caught up in the pounding rhythm of the music that flowed throughout the house, and the punch that was being served was definitely spiked with alcohol. Alice was popular, and even though she was not a virgin, she didn’t sleep around. Many of the guys at the party had wanted to get between Alice’s legs since freshman year, but hadn’t been so lucky.

The heat of the room quickly combined with the alcohol in the punch, and Alice found herself not only relaxed, but very horny as well. She eased off of the punch, and drank a few glasses of cold water, trying to break the effect of the alcohol. Peter approached Alice while she was finishing her water. She smiled as the boy came up to her, apparently resisting the urge to run away from her. Peter was the shy kind of guy, and although he was handsome, he had very little confidence. Alice watched as he finally stepped up to her.

“Hey Alice. How’s it going?” Peter asked her, his voice shaky.

Alice smiled at him and finished drinking her water. Peter may be shy, but he was just what the doctor ordered. Alice quickly made the decision that Peter was going to get lucky. She sat her cup on the counter and stretched. Her breasts pressed tight against her blouse, and she felt her already stiff nipples press into the fabric.

“It’s not bad. I’m pretty hot, but I don’t know whether it’s the heat, the punch, or that I’m just horny.” She said matter-of-factly.

Peter could hardly believe what he had just heard. He took a quick drink from his cup, and tried to formulate a response. After a few drinks, he realized that he had no response for what she said. He took a deep breath and finally responded.

“Well…” Peter began. He stopped, not knowing what to say.

Peter wasn’t saying much, but from the bulge expanding his pants, Alice knew that they were on the same wavelength. 

“I had to back off of that punch. Whatever’s in it is pretty strong. How’re you holding up?” Alice asked.

Peter shrugged. “Pretty good. Typical party. Everyone seems to have paired up for an evening of fun.” He said. “Did you come with anybody?” 

“Nah, I came by myself. Why, did you want to help?” she teased.

Peter shook his head with a smile. Alice’s flirting excited him, but also put him at ease. “Anytime you need some help, just ask.” 

Alice giggled, and quickly reached for his crotch, her fingers gripping Peter’s hard cock through his pants. “I could use some help now, and you seem ready right now.” 

Peter gasped as she stroked his cock. He brought his left hand up to her right breast, and gave it a squeeze, causing Alice to moan in approval. Peter broke himself away, and took her free hand in his. He was about to lead her out of the kitchen when girl with a candy bowl came around.

“Hey guys. Take a piece, I guarantee you’ll like it.” She said as she held the bowl of candy out to them. “Red, green or blue. You’ll like them all, but only one to a customer.” She chimed.

Peter took a green piece and popped it in his mouth, and waited for Alice. Alice knew the candy was laced with drugs, probably LSD or something similar. Her parents had been into drugs when she was younger, and she had seen it all. She even stole a lick from a spiked sugar cube once, and had been thrown into a severe trip. In her drug-induced state, she had invented a whole fantasy world and had experienced an adventure big enough to fill a book. She had stayed away from drugs since then. Alice cautiously picked a blue piece of candy from the tray. She looked at it as the girl walked away. She quickly made the choice and popped the candy into her mouth. Peter began to lead her from the room and down one of the hallways. He searched for a bedroom, but Alice had other plans. She pulled him into a bathroom, and locked the door.

“I don’t want to make love, I want to fuck.” She told him as she pulled her skirt up.

Peter quickly helped her remove her panties, and lifted her up onto the bathroom countertop. Her pussy was hot and peter could smell it. It dropped down to one knee, and buried his face between her spread legs, and nuzzled into her cunt. He didn’t waste anytime as he drove his tongue into her slit, immediately getting a mouth full of her creamy girl juice. Her pussy was oozing wildly, her thighs already wet, and a puddle formed in the cleft of her asshole.

Peter snuffled like a pig in the mud, his mouth and cheeks becoming soaked in her juices. His chin was dripping as his tongue speared into her repeatedly. Alice closed her eyes and enjoyed the ride, rotating her hips and humping forward, trying to bury his tongue deeper into her cunt. She grabbed the back of his head and rode his face as the flat of his tongue began to drag against her clit. Peter got the hint, and pulled his tongue from her slit. He placed his mouth of her hard clit, and began to lash it with his tongue. He felt as if his tongue was going to fall off, but the reaction he received from Alice was worth it. 

Alice moaned loudly as she felt her orgasm building up. Her clit was on fire, and Peters tongue was pounding out a steady rhythm against her wet nub. The heat built in her stomach, and rushed downward. She didn’t expect it, but her orgasm shot through her without warning. It may have begun quickly, but it lasted a long time. Alice gripped the back of Peter’s head as if her life depended on it. It felt as if every muscle in her body was tensed as her body shook violently. She was still shaking when peter managed to disengage himself from her hands.

Alice groaned in pleasure, but also at the loss of Peters tongue. Peter stood up, and quickly jerked his pants down. His cock sprang out, hard as a rock, and Peter aimed it at the target. Alice screamed in pleasure as peter drove his cock into her with one brutal stroke. Cream splashed from her cunt as he began to drive his cock like a jackhammer.

“Oh fuck! Fuck me, fuck me!” Alice yelled.

Peter grabbed her thighs for leverage, and increased his pace. Her pussy was juicy from coming, and was getting even wetter. He could feel her cream splashing over his balls, causing them to slap wetly with every hard stroke. Peter tried to take his mind off of what he was doing, but the feel of her cunt was overpowering. He pulled her further from the counter and used her own weight to drive his cock even harder into her. Alice grunted and held onto the edge of the counter, trying to match his thrusts with ones of her own. The severe pounding she was receiving kept her at the edge of orgasm, having never come down from the first. When Peter’s hands dug into her legs, and his stroked became unbearably hard, she knew he was on the edge.

Peter tried with all his might to hold out, but everything was just too good. He drove into her with every muscle in his body. He felt his muscles tighten, and the familiar heat in his stomach. He groaned loudly when he came, and could feel the thick sperm blast up his shaft. His grip on her thighs tightened as he blasted spurt after spurt into her milking cunt. Alice began to climax again as she felt his thick sperm coat her cunt walls. Her body collapsed, and she couldn’t control her limbs. The sensations were too much, and she bounced like a rag doll on Peters still pumping cock.

Alice lay exhausted on the counter, and only whined as Peter pulled his cock from her still grasping cunt. A thick mixture of cum oozed from her lips, and pooled on the counter underneath her. Peter sat down on the dressing stool exhausted, and closed his eyes, trying to catch his breath. Alice tried to sit up, but her orgasm had left her weak, and the laced candy was beginning to take effect. She made one more attempt to sit up, but the spinning colors in her eyes kept her down. She eventually gave trying, and closed her eyes. Strangely, the swirling colors didn’t disappear. Alice made note of it, right before she passed out.

The bed was soft and warm, which was in striking contrast to the hard sharp pain pounding through her head. Alice tried to open her eyes, but the light coming through her open window was blinding. She eventually gave up and settled for simply laying in bed. She soon began to run the previous nights happenings through her mind. Peter sure was a good lay. She would have to keep him in mind for future fun. The pounding in her head began to subside as a few realizations came to her. She had no idea how she got home. In fact, she couldn’t remember anything past her mind-blowing orgasm in the bathroom.

Alice soon gave up thinking on the subject. Peter must have realized how out of it she was, and drover her home. Either that or someone else at the party had taken pity on her. Alice only hoped that her parents had not seen her. She did not want to hear one of their lectures on the ‘responsible use of narcotics’. Alice had never understood her parent’s ethical standards when it came to drugs. They made no attempt to hide their approval and use of certain drugs, but their stance on how to use and when to use seemed silly. They would not be mad that she had tried something, but would be pissed that she had not done it in what they would consider a ‘safe’ environment. Just thinking about it made her head throb.

As temping as the soft bed was, Alice knew that she would have to get up. Her head had finally returned to what seemed like normal. Alice took a nice long stretch, and slowly opened her eyes to the morning sun. Alice sat in abject shock. The bright sunlight was not coming through her open window. In fact there was no window, and she was not on a bed. All at once, Alice knew where she was. The bright colors, the odd shaped landscape, even the giant mushroom she was laying up screamed one word. Wonderland!

Shit. It had been years since Alice had experienced her first trip, but the memories were vivid in her mind. Her parent’s were going to be pissed. The first time it happened, she was gone for days. They had been so worried that they did not know what to do. They finally found her when she stumbled into the back yard of the house. Where she had actually been was unknown. Her parents had not called the police. They didn’t trust them. Police were always dusting for fingerprints and looking for things. Police always turned uncivil when they found drugs. No, her parents could not have risked the police invading their privacy and finding their stash. It was pure principal.

Alice shook her head. How was she going to get back to reality? How, was she going to wake up? She tried pinching herself, but it just made her arm hurt. She tried closing her eyes and concentrating, but that didn’t work either. Alice sighed in exasperation. What was she going to do?

“Lost your mind?” a voice asked from behind.

Alice spun around but saw nothing. “Who’s there?” she inquired.

“My, my does age make one daft where you come from?” The voice mocked her.

Alice was getting a bit frightened, but also angry at being mocked. She looked in the direction of the voice, and caught a quick flash of white teeth. Damn, she thought. Some things never change.

“I would hope that you would have developed manners in your old age cat, but I see that you haven’t.” she said curtly.

The air shimmered where the mouth had been, and the figure of a very large cat came into view. “Touché! You seem to have grown some claws dear Alice.” The cat said in a voice that was half speech and half purr.

Alice stayed seated upon her mushroom as the big cat padded over to where she was. “I had almost given up hope on seeing you again.” The cat said. It leapt up onto the mushroom, and quickly curled itself around Alice. “What kept you so long?”

Alice shook her head. This was just a drug trip, but she couldn’t help herself but believing that it was real. The cat apparently could sense her confusion. It rose up and walked around until it was looking her in the face.

“I get it. You don’t think this is real do you?” the cat asked.

“Of course it’s not real. My parents told me all about the last time.

“Really? Do tell.” The cat said after giving her nose a quick lick with its rough tongue.

Alice was frustrated and annoyed by the cats’ antics. “If you must know, it was all because of some drugs. I had a really bad trip, and was out of it for days. My parents say that I wandered off, and didn’t return for days. When I came down from the high, I returned to normal.” She explained 

The cat tapped a paw on her nose. “Nope, you only got part of that right.” He said with a wide grin.

Alice growled. “Look, I don’t know why I’m even talking to you. You’re not real. You’re an hallucination.” She fired back.

The cat looked genuinely hurt. His cat face sagged, and he shimmered as if to disappear, but soon came back into focus.

“I’m just a cat, and being an hallucination and all, but I doesn’t make sense.” He said

“What?”

“You had a bad trip? Like I said, I’m just a cat, but I never heard of a trip lasting for days. Not to mention the fact that no one knew where you were. I just think that was a convenient tale.” The cat explained.

Alice opened her mouth to speak, but then had a thought. Strange as it was, the cat was right. Her parents had told her that they found her asleep in the back yard and had brought her to bed, but that could not have been right. When she had first awakened, she had been dressed in her favorite white and blue dress, the same dress that she had been wearing while in wonderland. It had been raining outside, and the lawns were muddy, but her dress was clean. The more Alice thought, the more things did not match. She remembered jumping through the Red Queens magic mirror. The mirror would send her through the large looking glass in her own bedroom. It must have been a rough trip because that was the last thing she remembered before waking up in her own bed. She also remembered that the mirror had been removed from her room. Her parents told her that her father had tripped over it while putting her to bed and broke it.

Damn. The cat was right. But, if that was the case, then she was in deep trouble. Alice groaned as her head gave an unexpected lurch. She finally steadied herself and hopped down from her perch on the mushroom. She looked around and tried to get her bearings, while the Cheshire cat popped in and out of view.

“So tell me cat. Have the rules changed? Or can I still get out through the queens mirror?” Alice asked the oft- invisible cat.

“Well, have your rules changed?” The cat replied with his own question.

“Look, I don’t have time for riddles. What is that supposed to mean?” Alice said, flustered by the cats evasiveness. 

The cat appeared in front of her, preening his fur. “It’s very simple kitten.” He purred “Wonderland was a place filled by a child’s imagination when you were a child. Things are different now that you are older.”

Alice didn’t know what that meant, but did know that she needed to find a way out of wonderland. “Okay, fine. Which way to the red queens castle?” she finally asked.

The cat disappeared then reappeared on a nearby tree branch. “Just take this road and you’ll find her. But I do think that she might be looking for you as well.” He said before disappearing again.

Alice really didn’t care if the queen was looking for her. The last time was different. Alice had just been a little girl, but this time she was older. Alice was a cheerleader and in great shape. If the queen wanted a fight, then she sure as hell was going to get it.

Alice sat out down the road to find the red queens castle. The sun was bright and golden in the sky, and she soon found herself hot and sticky. Her white blouse became soaked with sweat, and her short blue skirt clung to her like a second skin. Alice began to look around for a place to rest, and possible something to drink. She was near her wits end when she heard a voice coming from over the next hill. She kept walking, and just over the hill spotted a small pavilion. There was a table and chairs sat under the pavilion and a familiar face pacing back and forth. His big hat bobbed up and down as he walked.

Alice walked down the hill and toward the pavilion, remaining unnoticed until she was only a few feet away. The man smiled at her as she approached, and the smile was somewhat unsettling.

“Look, it’s the guest of honor!” the man shouted out.

“I didn’t think you would be happy to see me Hatter.” Alice said cautiously as she came to a stop just before the pavilion.

“Oh nonsense my dear. Of course I’m happy to see you. I even organized a little party. It’s been hot out, so I brewed some nice, cool iced tea.” The Hatter explained, sweeping his arm to the table and chairs.

“You’re the first guest to arrive. Please have a nice cool drink.” He offered.

Alice didn’t totally trust the Mad Hatter, but she was mighty thirsty. She scooted by him to the table and took a glass of iced tea from the table. Alice gulped the tea down and reached for another glass. She took her time with the second glass and sat down in one of the chairs. She kicked off her shoes and began to rub her sore feet together. Alice felt a bit odd, and felt her head begin to swim. Alice barely managed to sit the glass back on the table.

“Oh shit. What’s in this tea?” she woozily asked the Hatter.

The Hatter grinned his insane grin. “Oh it’s my special blend. A little bit of, a little bit of that, something hidden inside of my hat.” He explained as he crept toward Alice.

“It will help you relax. My parties are always a blast.” The Hatter said, coming to kneel in front of Alice.

He took one of her feet in his hands, and began to slowly run his hand along her sole. Alice groaned at the wonderful pressure on her sore foot, and she let him continue his massage. The Hatter pressed and rubbed then slid his hand up along her ankle to her calf. The muscle was tight, and his thick, stubby fingers quickly loosened it up. Alice jerked and moaned as the Mad Hatter did the most unexpected thing. He leaned forward and ran his tongue along the sole of Alice’s foot. She giggled and squirmed as his tongue darted between her toes, eventually sucking each of her toes into his mouth.

Alice’s breath became quicker as her toes were engulfed in the Hatter hot wet mouth. Through the haze from the tea, she felt herself getting wet. Her pussy was beginning to ooze its cream and she felt warmth growing in the pit of her stomach. She pouted when he stopped, but began to squirm and giggle again when he began lavishing the same treatment to her other foot.

Alice had never had a foot job before, but the Hatter seemed to be a pro at it. He licked every inch of her feet, and nibbled her toes, causing Alice to squeal. Her hand was busying fluttering over her dripping slit as the hatter continued to gobble her feet. Alice pinched and tweaked her clit and tried to wedge as many fingers as possible into her cunt. She glanced down and found that the Hatter had pulled his cock from his pants, and was furiously jacking off while sucking her toes. His cock was as odd as he was. It was somewhat gnarled, reminding Alice of a tree limb, and the head curved upward making it look like a golf club. Alice really didn’t care, it was thick and hard and that was all that mattered.

“Come on and fuck me.” Alice growled.

The Hatter stopped his slobbering and stood up. He grabbed Alice and lifted her onto the table. Alice scooted to the edge of the table as the Hatter moved between her legs. Alice shivered as the Hatter dragged his cock along her sticky slit. His odd shaped cock-head felt like a battering ram as he tried to wedge it between her lips. Alice wasn’t going to be beaten. She bore down as he pushed and the head of his cock slowly slipped past her lips. Alice groaned loudly. It felt like she had a tennis ball wedged inside her cunt. She held onto the edge of the table as the Hatter pressed forward, forcing his cock deeper inside. Once he was in as far as possible, he began to pull back. The Hatter stopped as the head of his cock was just inside and reversed his stroke, driving back inside of Alice again.
