 Feliciane awoke from a dream that was not exactly the same as the dream that she'd had the night before, nor the night before that, but that ended much the same. It ended with her being caught between the forces of light and darkness; the Darkness howled at her with a thousand voices, each promising countless delights unknown to mortal flesh, and taunting her with the knowledge that going down that path would lead to her destruction, worse than death, and the promise that she would be unable to resist that temptation anyway. On the other side, the Light said nothing, but merely gazed into her soul, mercilessly exposing each of her weaknesses and sins, letting her know without words that she was already damned, that she may as well give herself over to Darkness...

She awoke, and was immediately thankful that she had not thrashed around or sweated or cried out in her sleep. She had done so almost every night before her companion had entered her life, and she supposed that it was her companion that had provided the comfort that had taken the edge off of her night terrors. Still, she didn't want to interrupt her companion's sleep, and so she carefully got out of bed, put the cauldron on its hook in the fireplace, filled it with water, and lit the fire. She crept back into bed and snuggled up against her companion. In a few minutes--awoken by the warmth of the fire, or by the warmth of Feliciane's body, or both--her companion rolled over and yawned, then opened her eyes.

"Good morning, my love," Feliciane said.

"Morning, sweetie," Lorixi replied. She gazed at Feliciane with her large almond-shaped eyes. "Thanks for getting the fire started. That's usually my job." 

Feliciane smiled. "You do enough of that during the rest of the day." 

Lorixi sighed and laid her head on Feliciane's breasts. "You're so good to me..."

Feliciane stroked Lorixi's hair, the color of fresh spring grass, and let the peace of the moment chase away the remainders of the nightmare. Both her training as a priestess and the mental exercises that Lorixi had taught her allowed her to live in the moment, and also to capture its essence and keep it in her heart for comfort during the difficult times. She thought briefly of initiating lovemaking at that moment, but decided that she'd wait until the bath and see where that led them.

After several minutes, they could hear the water starting to boil in the cauldron, and this time Lorixi was the first one to get out of bed and pad over to the fireplace in her nightshirt. She took the poker and nudged the burning wood apart to take the temperature down a bit, then started scooping hot water into the bath. She added cold water until the temperature was just right; as she hung the ladle up, Feliciane slid out of bed and stretched. "Bath's ready, sweetie," Lorixi said. 

"Mmm, that's good," Feliciane purred. She pulled her nightshirt off and stood naked before Lorixi. "Nothing like a hot bath on a cool morning." She took a couple of steps toward her companion; if Lorixi were human, they would have been face to face, but the gnome's face was about level with Feliciane's pubis, a fact that the two of them had taken advantage of on many occasions. 

Lorixi didn't look at Feliciane's pussy, however, although a brief flaring of her nostrils indicated that the gnome had caught her lover's scent. She merely looked up into Feliciane's eyes and raised her eyebrows. "Hope it isn't too hot for you," she said, and turned away, stripping off her own nightshirt. Lorixi walked over to the bath, and bent over to retrieve the washcloth and soap. She took her time doing so, and gave Feliciane a good look at her verdant pubic hair peeking between the tops of her thighs. Feliciane wanted to walk over, kneel behind Lorixi, and caress that green fur, maybe slipping a finger between her labia and testing her cunt for moistness, but she held herself back. There were plenty of mornings when she might have done so, just as there were mornings when Lorixi would have taken Feliciane's invitation and wrapped her arms around her thighs, her clever tongue probing between her lips and teasing her clitoris, but this morning they'd agreed without words to postpone it just a little bit longer to let the anticipation make it that much sweeter. They went into the bath in their usual way, Feliciane first, letting her body adjust to the hot water and finally sitting on the bottom, and then Lorixi climbing in and standing on the bottom, resting her back against the side of the bath, facing Feliciane.

They washed themselves slowly, talking about what they had planned for the day. They'd both taken a bath the previous afternoon, after having been on the road for most of a week and camping by the roadside; that bath had been for cleanliness, this one was mostly for pleasure. 

"There's not much to this town. How long do you feel like staying here?" Lorixin rested her elbows on the edge of the tub and leaned her head back, closing her eyes. 

"There's not much to the town, but plenty of things to do in the countryside. This whole area of Azeroth is being resettled, and there's a lot of scum and critters to be cleared out of the ghost towns around here. A lot of loot that won't be reclaimed, as well."

"Mmm, loot. Loot's nice." When Lorixi didn't get a response, she opened her eyes and caught Feliciane looking at her nipples. They broke the water like little twin islands. Lorixi grinned. "See anything you like, speaking of loot?"

"Mmm-hmm. I think that I'm going to have to plunder this chest." Feliciane reached out with her hands and cupped Lorixi's small breasts, teasing her nipples with her thumbs. They hardened immediately, and Lorixi sighed. The water sloshed a little as Feliciane leaned forward and gently tongued one nipple. She began to suck on it firmly and rhythmically, then switched to the other nipple. Lorixi began to moan softly as her hands ran through Feliciane's platinum-blonde hair. 

After a little while, Feliciane leaned back and grabbed a couple of towels, folding them and then putting them in a semicircle on the rim of the tub behind her. She rested the back of her neck on them, and Lorixi climbed on the rim, putting one knee on either side of Feliciane's head so that she straddled the human woman's face. She lowered herself until tendrils of her pubic hair tickled Feliciane's lips. 

Feliciane grabbed Lorixi's hips and held her steady as her tongue began to probe Lorixi's labia. The gnome moaned and spread her labia apart to give Feliciane easier access, and was rewarded with a bottom-to-top lick of her cunt. Feliciane worked on Lorixi's cute pink clit for a while, then just at the point that she knew that Lorixi's clit would be getting too sensitive for licking, she moved her tongue down to the mouth of Lorixi's vagina, rimming the entrance while her nose continued to nudge the clit. After licking for a bit longer, she started to thrust her tongue in and out of Lorixi's cunt. Even with Lorixi's thighs covering her ears, she could hear her lover moaning as she thrust her little cunt against Feliciane's mouth, holding on to her hair to keep from falling off. Feliciane took one hand off Lorixi's hips, stuck it in her cunt for lubrication, then slowly, gently inserted it in Lorixi's anus. The extra stimulation took Lorixi over the edge, and she threw her head back and let out a high, keening cry as she came, squirting onto Feliciane's tongue.

They took a few seconds to catch their breath, then Feliciane let Lorixi down. They kissed and Lorixi leaned back against her end of the tub. "Wow. Sitting on your face like that always adds something... maybe the tension of keeping that posture." She looked at Feliciane. "Kind of like your favorite position..."

"Yeah," Feliciane said, "speaking of my favorite position..." 

"Don't talk about it--assume the position!"

Feliciane turned around so that she was facing her end of the tub. She rested her elbows on the folded towels on the edge, then raised her ass out of the water until she knew that her cunt and ass were level with Lorixi's face. The gnome moved forward, but didn't touch Feliciane's pussy right away, instead taking her time and stroking the inside of Feliciane's thighs and around her hips, then moving her face close enough to Feliciane's pussy so that the larger woman could feel her breath. Finally, her tongue reached out and began to separate Feliciane's labia, and the human began to moan. Lorixi licked up and down between the pussy lips, with quick little darts down to the clit, her nose bumping up against Feliciane's anus now and then, but Feliciane knew that the show was only beginning. 

Lorixi moved up from Feliciane's cunt and began to lick her anus. Her little fingers massaged Feliciane's clit, then probed the human's vagina, first with two fingers, then three, then four. She eventually fit all five fingers into Feliciane's vagina, and moved them slowly in and out, giving the woman time to adjust. Finally, Feliciane moaned, "Do it!"

Lorixi slowly curled her fingers into a fist, and Feliciane groaned. The gnome pumped her fist a couple of inches in, then out; her other hand stroked Feliciane's clit, while she continued to rim Feliciane's ass. The human's entire body began to shake, and then Feliciane whipped her head back and uttered a single sharp cry as her distended cunt convulsed around Lorixi's fist and her asshole spasmed around the tip of Lorixi's tongue. Lorixi slowly withdrew her hand, and they kissed for long minutes before taking some time to relax in each others arms. 

Eventually, the water had cooled down to room temperature, so they climbed out and dried each other off before getting dressed. It was funny, after all the intimacies that they had shared, that they didn't talk when they were dressing, and in fact may as well have been in separate rooms; however, they'd both been solitary types before they'd met, and perhaps this was a way of reasserting their separateness. 

***

Feliciane reminisced about the day that they had met. She had come into Stormwind after a hard couple of weeks in the countryside, and had wanted nothing more than a hot meal, a soft bed, and maybe a tumble with a barmaid who wanted a larger-than-average tip and didn't mind experimenting a little. She walked into the local pub and was a little irritated to wait behind a gnome mage who was trying to wheedle the innkeeper out of the price of a room for some pathetic gear that she'd looted from some kobolds. Finally, Feliciane lost patience and offered to pay for the mage's lodging if she'd just give it up.

The mage whirled around, and Feliciane saw, too late, that she had tears in her eyes. "I don't need your charity!", the small green-haired gnome snarled, and stomped out of the inn to the laughter of the rest of its patrons. Feliciane felt a twinge of guilt, but she went ahead and got her room. She was halfway through dinner when it started to rain. The memory of the impoverished mage came back to her mind, and she gulped down the rest of her meal, then put on a cloak and hood and went out.

She saw the mage sitting at the edge of a canal, looking like she wanted to jump in, with a ragged cloak wrapped around her head and a soggy crust of bread in her hand--probably something that she conjured up herself. Feliciane sat down next to the gnome. Without looking up, the little mage said, "What did I say about not taking--"

"I heard what you said," Feliciane answered softly. She waited a few seconds, then said, "I don't know if you'd believe me, but what I feel isn't pity, but sympathy. I've been in your shoes."

"Oh, come on," the gnome sighed. "Push comes to shove, you'd always be welcome in the cathedral; you could sleep on a bench there if you wanted."

"Maybe not," Feliciane muttered. The gnome looked at her, suddenly startled.

"I haven't always been a priestess. I started out as a rogue." She ignored the mage's gasp and went on. "I was really good at it, too--maybe too good. People think that rogues don't have enemies because they're all dead, but I made the type of enemy that doesn't die easily and doesn't forget. I finally got to the point that I had to make a deal with the devil, or a reasonable facsimile thereof, and became a warlock. Well, I was pretty good at that, too, only I couldn't rationalize what I was doing, not forever, and came to the Light for salvation. The dark side didn't want to let me go, though..." She lowered her hood, showing her silver tresses. "My hair used to be black as night. I figured that this was a mark of my purification, but..." Feliciane sighed. "The high priestess believes in my dedication to the Light and the balance, but a lot of others in the priesthood aren't convinced, and in quite a few villages the local clergy don't want me spending the night in the town limits." 

"But..." The mage seemed at a loss for words. "Nobody changes professions like that!"

"And they have a good reason not to," Feliciane replied. "I made a lot of enemies when I was a rogue, and when I left the profession, they stayed my enemies, and my old friends became my enemies, too, because I knew their secrets. Same for when I was a warlock. I may be good at what I do know, but I haven't made a lot of friends that way. So, you see, I don't want to help you because I think that I'm better than you. I'm not better than anyone. But I'd like to become a better person."

The mage didn't say anything for the longest time, but eventually held out her hand. "I'm Lorixi." 

"Feliciane."

Some of the inn patrons snickered when the priestess led the soaked mage back in, but shut up immediately and stared at their ale when Feliciane glared at them. She hadn't kept much from her warlock days, but she still had The Look. They went up to Feliciane's room, where the human woman invited Lorixi to share her bath. They spread out their wet clothes by the fire and gratefully climbed into the steaming tub. They got to know each other; Feliciane had already told the essence of her life story, and didn't want to talk too much about the details, so Lorixi did most of the talking. She was just old enough to remember the fall of Gnomeregan, and although some gnomes prospered in Ironforge and surrounding areas, her family had not been among them. Most of the money that she made through adventuring went toward spellbooks and trips to areas that were rich in magelore, but not so much in treasure. 

As per usual when two races meet, the conversation meandered to the differences between humans and gnomes. Most of it had to do with traditions, customs and so forth, but given that they were naked together, it inevitably came to physical differences. Feliciane soon realized that Lorixi was no more interested in talking about men and their sexual aspects than she was. Lorixi blushed when Feliciane talked about the more exotic gnome hair colors and how, if Lorixi was any example, the carpet matched the drapes. It was Feliciane's turn to blush, however, when Lorixi expressed her admiration of the human woman's comparatively larger breasts, although Feliciane let the gnome take her breasts in her hands to feel their weight. 

They both suddenly became aware both that the water had gone cold and that their conversation had entered areas that they weren't quite ready to deal with. They dried themselves off and Lorixi gratefully accepted the loan of a weathered linen shirt of Feliciane's to sleep in. She insisted on sleeping in a chair, over Feliciane's protestations. The human woman curled up under the covers, and ignoring the faint sense of arousal that she felt, drifted off to sleep.

She woke up in the middle of the night, at first not remembering that she was not alone in the room. Then she turned over to see Lorixi staring at her. "Is there something wrong?"

"I-I just can't get to sleep. Not used to sleeping in the same room with someone, and I haven't slept indoors much lately." 

"That chair can't be too comfortable. Why don't you come over here? This bed has plenty of room left over." 

Lorixi stood up, hesitated, then climbed into bed with Feliciane. She lay on her side facing the human woman, who faced her with her arm stretched out just over Lorixi's head. They laid there like that for a couple of minutes, then Feliciane gently stroked Lorixi's hair. The gnome responded by snuggling closer to Feliciane.

They kissed, hesitantly at first, then with growing passion. Feliciane broke the kiss, lit a candle, and then took her nightshirt off. She slowly unbuttoned Lorixi's shirt, planting kisses along her short body, and took the shirt off. Lorixi straddled Feliciane's chest and they touched tongues while they fondled each other's hard nipples. Feliciane could feel the growing moistness from Lorixi's cunt on her chest, and she decided that she wanted to find out what the gnome tasted like. She put her hands on Lorixi's hips and urged her to sit on her face. Lorixi had a thick thatch of green pubic hair, but it was very wet and Feliciane's tongue parted it easily and found her erect, plump little clit. Soon, Lorixi was moaning softly and working her hips against Feliciane's agile mouth. Feliciane moved her tongue down to the entrance to Lorixi's vagina and thrust the tip in, and felt the gnome's cunt grab her tongue in response. Before too long, Lorixi groaned, clamped her thighs around Feliciane's head, and squirted clear cum into the human woman's mouth.

They lay in each other's arms for long minutes after that, Lorixi kissing Feliciane and tasting her own juices on the woman's mouth. Finally, Lorixi said, "OK, my turn. Why don't you get on your hands and knees?"

Feliciane didn't usually like that position, as it had always seemed submissive to her, but she was willing to trust the gnome. She crouched on the bed and thrust her ass in the air, feeling the coolness of her already-wet pussy as it was exposed; then Lorixi was behind her, kneeling and taking her hips in her small hands. Feliciane felt the gnome's breath on her pussy, then Lorixi was probing at Feliciane's clit with her tongue. She licked Feliciane with short, fast licks, her nose probing into the woman's cunt and tickling Feliciane with her breath. The exposed position combined with Lorixi's expert ministrations soon had Feliciane swooning with excitement, and when she hung her head down and looked between her own legs, she could see Lorixi's lower body, her thighs glistening with her own continued arousal. The waves of passion soon merged together and Feliciane thrust her ass back into the gnome's face as she groaned out her own orgasm. 

The two of them talked and made love again and again until they finally passed out at the first light of dawn. They had been together since then, working together and increasing each others' fortunes, spending weeks in the field on various quests and then coming to town to do business and make love in a real bed. They were starting to talk about buying their own cottage somewhere not too far from a big city like Stormwind or Ironforge, from where they could travel abroad when they wanted to. It was the closest that they could come to being married.

***

They went down to the main room of the inn for breakfast, and the innkeeper, a stout dwarf that seemed a little startled at the openness of Lorixi and Feliciane's relationship, but didn't object, gave them a message that someone had left for them. Feliciane looked at it first, and murmured, "My gods, I don't believe it... one of these people is my ex!"

Lorixi took the message, read it, then burst out laughing. "This is incredible... the other person is my ex! What are the odds?"

They looked at each other, starting to worry. What were the odds, actually? What did their ex-lovers want with them both?