 Author's Note: This is a porn parody of several well-known comic book characters. Wonder Woman, Wonder Girl, Troia, Power Girl, Super Girl, Nightwing, Batman, Superman, Cheetah, Giganta, Aquaman, Batgirl, Huntress, Justice League, Green Lantern, Poison Ivy, Queen Hippolyta, and Steve Trevor are all copyrighted characters and properties of the DC Comic Universe, and all rights belong to DC/Warner Bros. 

Wonder Woman Created by Charles Moulton, Superman Created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, Batman and Nightwing created by Bill Finger and Bob Kane. 

This story takes place after the Crisis on Infinite Earths, but prior to DC's Launch of its "New 52." 

***** 

Wonder Woman 

In 

THE POWER TRAP Part Two 

by 

Sperman Alexie 

Synopsis: Diana Prince is startled to discover a report that her alter ego, Wonder Woman, has been conducting high-profile heists of gold, diamonds and other fine jewels, making no attempt to conceal her identity. 

Diana interrupts a heist, and discovers a second Wonder Woman whose power and strength match her own. 

Before long, this other Wonder Woman, named Lorana, reveals herself to be Diana's half-sister, a daughter of one of many possible Greek gods, and her demi-goddess mother, Queen Hippolyta. 

Lorana overpowers Wonder Woman and forces her to make an impossible decision: join forces with her evil sister, or allow a man's erect penis to defile her body, rendering her powerless, and mortal. 

Diana chooses to forfeit her power rather than join Lorana in her criminal activities. Using a captured police officer, Lorana prepares for Diana to become simply human. 

Diana begins to cry as she feels a rock-hard cock enter her virgin pussy. Based upon the strength of the thrusts and the pain, she knows her powers and super strength have evaporated in seconds... 

But Lorana's fiendish plan is just beginning... 

Lorana really was enjoying this. Her body-temperature strap-on dildo was busily fucking Diana's brains out while Cheetah was enjoying the cop's rock-hard cock in her own pussy. To top it all off, Cheetah was occasionally lapping at Lorana's pussy. It was a wild fuck-train. This was glorious. Diana was bawling, thinking she had lost her power, and Lorana was enjoying the chaos of it all. 

"Great He...He...Hera, give me strength," Diana moaned pitifully. 

"Shut the fuck up, slut, I own you now," Lorana bellowed. She stopped fucking her sister's cunt and forced her to turn around to sit face to face, the rock-hard dildo still plunged deep into her pussy. She kissed Wonder Woman deeply and then forcefully pulled her sister's head down to one of her hard nipples. "Suck on that, bitch!" 

Diana sucked her tit greedily, causing it to harden and grow more inside her mouth. Before long, Lorana felt drips of nectar trickling out of her ducts. As soon as Diana tasted that, she sucked harder. 

"You are now completely in my control, sister," Lorana cooed into Diana's ear. "Once you drink the honey of the gods, you lose all strength of will. 

Lorana pulled Cheetah's face to her other breast, and both women began sucking on her huge tits heartily. Both got mouthfuls of the sticky nectar, and both sucked harder yet. 

Her laughter filled the warehouse. 

* * * 

So evil... but so beautiful... so tempting... so delicious...irresistible, Wonder Woman thought as she sucked on her half-sister's breast. Why didn't mother tell me? Why... wh... it doesn't matter now. All that matters is satisfying Lorana... mmmmm so delicious. Can't resist. So beautiful. 

Without a word, her mouth began to kiss down Lorana's belly, licking a trail toward her beautiful vagina. Diana's tongue probed her sister's clitoris, licking tiny circles around Lorana's love button. Eventually, Wonder Woman's probing tongue found its way to the other Wonder Woman's fount, slowly licking the lips before gently penetrating the depths of her warm, moist quim. 

Diana couldn't control her desire, and what's more, she didn't want to anymore. Her only desire was to please her sister, and hopefully experience pleasure of her own. Right now, just licking the nectar from Lorana's beautiful pussy was satisfaction enough. She licked and sucked, lapped and slurped, taking all the precious golden fluid that seeped from her sister's loins. It was the same precious stuff that had trickled out of her voluminous tits. 

So delicious... 

...so delicious... 

She heard Lorana's laughter, and for the first time, it made Diana happy as well... 

* * * 

Location: New York City 

Donna Troy had refused to believe the reports that Diana had turned evil, but her own eyes told her otherwise, now. She stared through her binoculars at the scene almost a mile away. Wonder Woman... well, Wonder Women and Cheetah were ransacking Coastal Gold Exchange. Each had large bags of gold and some gems. From the look of it, they were skipping some very valuable gems, going only for specific ones. 

"Nightwing, is everyone in position?" She spoke into a small communicator. 

Dick Grayson responded with two clicks. Meaning that the members of the Titans had taken up positions for a surprise attack. 

"I'm going to fly down there and talk some sense into Diana," Donna said. "If I don't respond in three minutes, come in shooting to disable." 

Two clicks. 

Donna leapt from her position atop a nearby building and glided on the air currents down to her sister's location. 

* * * 

Diana hated what she had become. On the surface, she reveled in the chaos and destruction, but deep inside her, in her innermost being, where Lorana had not yet touched her, Diana was reviled by what she was doing. But like a helpless child, her deepest subconscious could do no more than watch as all the destruction unfolded around her. 

On the outside, her face bore a smile. It was like there were two personalities running around inside her. A Dark Wonder Woman on the outside, with a Pure Wonder Woman on the inside. Every time the inner pure Diana tried to take over, that accursed golden dildo would start exerting total control over her... like right now. Oh gods it felt so good. Oh Hera, why must it feel so good? 

Not that good, really, the Pure Wonder Woman thought from the deep, dark corner of the subconscious. Those orgasms are mind-blowing, but they're nothing like the one I achieved earlier when I was fantasizing about Kal-El. These orgasms are more like... like a mental overload than an actual climax. 

In her frustration, she tore open a vault and was rewarded with a crippling orgasm. She stumbled to her knees and began writhing on the floor, her whole body awash in sexual ecstasy. 

"Diana, stop what you're doing! This is insane!" The voice was Donna's. Wonder Woman turned to see her sister, dressed in her shimmering black starscape costume. Donna wasn't looking her way, however, she was looking at the other Wonder Woman... Lorana. 

"Donna," Lorana said, not turning to face their sister. "I wondered how long I would have to play in your playground before you'd show up." 

Cheetah sprang from the darkness, lashing out at Donna, tearing a slash of blood and torn costume as she dragged her claws across Troia's back. Troia reached behind her with lightning speed, capturing Cheetah by the throat, holding her aloft. 

The felonious feline hissed and scratched at Donna, who apparently noticed the glimmer of golden lasso around Cheetah's neck. 

"Who's in league with whom, here?" Donna asked. "Who controls who?" 

"I control everyone," Lorana said. 

Diana stood and was slinking behind her sister. Cheetah's slash down Donna's back had exposed her all the way down to the crack of her ass. This should be easy. 

Cheetah renewed her attempts at slashing at Donna, keeping her distracted. 

Diana held a golden dildo in her right hand. With faster-than-the-eye speed, she tore the remaining cloth, then quickly bending Donna over, she rammed the golden dildo into her sister's cunt. 

"AAAHH! I... You... I... mmmm," Donna said. 

"On your knees, wench," Lorana said. 

Donna dropped to her knees. 

"I own you now," Lorana gloated. "Cum." 

Donna began writhing as a massive orgasm overtook her. 

"Ti...tit...MMMMMWAAAH... UHHHnnnHH... The Titans... they'll be here in two minutes if I don't report," Donna panted. 

"Then we'd best be gone," Lorana said. 

* * * 

Location: Washington, D.C. 

Lorana laid back in her bathtub soaking in the hot water and bath oils. Donna was massaging her clitoris while Diana massaged her breasts. Cheetah was licking her toes. There were definitely worse ways for a demi-goddess to spend her time. Right now, she was working on whom to bring next into her little fold. Supergirl was a possibility, as was Power Girl. Batgirl was also a favorite, but she had no powers to speak of. Same with Huntress. 

Her original plan was to subjugate the Amazonian whores on Paradise Island and then use them to take over the world. Now she wasn't sure of that. Using an army of superheroes to do her bidding had a certain sexiness to it. Turning all those "good-girls" into evil-doers was very erotic. She imagined being tongued by each one of them as they bowed down to worship her. 

On the same note, she had always wanted Hippolyta to bow before her too. The gods knew how much sex that woman had enjoyed. Lorana wanted to feel her mother's tongue on her loins, to hear her mother moan with passion and envy. 

She began laying out a new plan as Donna brought her to an orgasm. 

* * * 

Location: Metropolis 

Power Girl continued her lonely patrol of the city at night. So far she had stopped two petty criminals from robbing a 7-Eleven store, stopped an arsonist from burning down a tenement, and prevented a rape. 

That particular escapade had resulted in her taking out a little sexual frustration on the man. After she had pulled him away from the woman, she confirmed that the lady was alright. The woman, a stripper the man had followed away from a strip club, said she was, thanked Power Girl and then scampered into the night. 

Power Girl had held the man at arm's length over her body. He had gotten his pants down before she had yanked him away from his intended victim. Apparently he had enough of his faculties that he was enjoying the view of her cleavage in the cut-out of her costume. 

"You like that?" She asked. 

"I... I'm sorry to stare," he said. His cock said otherwise, as it got even harder than it was for the woman he'd tried to rape. 

"If you're lucky, I'll suck you off before I turn you over to the police," Power Girl said. 

The man gulped audibly. 

"If I'm not lucky?" 

"If you're unlucky, I'll bite your dick off before turning you over to the police," she said as she swallowed his rock-hard schlong. 

In the end, she didn't bite his dick off, but she made him fuck her mouth, her pussy and her ass before she surrendered him to the police. He came each time and seemed exhausted at the end. She hoped that would be a lesson for him. 

Soaring over the city at night was incredibly satisfying for a creature as sensually inclined as she was. Her X-ray vision and super hearing allowed her to be the ultimate voyeur, watching thousands of sex acts each night. The problem was that her super strength and invulnerability made it impossible for her to get off with a normal human. 

And you better believe, she tried and tried. She tried it with normal people, with athletes, with superheroes. The only one she wouldn't try with was Superman because he was a blood relative. (Sometimes.) 

A scream broke her from her reverie. 

Within seconds, she flew down an alley where a young woman was being harassed by Cheetah, who usually didn't work in these parts. 

The ferocious feline had the woman cornered against a fence. The lady looked somewhat familiar, but Power Girl wasn't worried about that right now. She had to contain Cheetah quickly. The cat-lady had venom in her claws that would render a normal human lifeless in short order. 

She landed between the predator and its prey. 

"Not so fast, Cheetah," Power Girl announced. "Try picking on someone your own size." 

"We talking bra size, or brain size?" Cheetah hissed. "B'cuz your tits are waaay bigger than mine. I mean, look at these." 

Cheetah pulled down the cat-suit she was wearing, revealing her round, pointed breasts. 

"S-s-s-see, you've got curves where I've got sinew, babycakes," Cheetah said, stripping further out of her suit. "Do you shave your pussy? I do. Look at that freshly-shaved twat." 

Her hands slid down her body sensuously, arriving at her hairless pubic mound. Her fingers danced lightly against her pussy lips. 

Power Girl did look at Cheetah's freshly-shaved twat. She stared at it. She licked her lips. 

This didn't make sense. Power Girl was one hundred percent heterosexual, but right now, she was feeling flushed. She was very horny. Cheetah's costume was completely off now, except for the cat-ears at the top. There was a golden rope-like necklace around her neck that ran down the front of her, and was pulled tautly into her ... into her freshly-shaved twat. 

Great Rao that's a beautiful pussy, she thought, feverishly. And those tits, so firm and round. Beautiful. I wanna just suck on them. 

Her hands slid down her own body, pressing against her own pubic region. 

"I... uh... I don't shave... well, not like that..." she stammered. Why am I sweating? 

Two hands reached around her from behind and groped her enormous Kryptonian breasts. 

"Thank you for protecting me," a voice cooed. It was familiar. 

"Donna?" 

The hands pulled Power Girl back into a warm embrace. Suddenly Donna Troy's chin was resting on Power Girl's shoulder. She continued squeezing. Eventually Donna's right hand slid down Power Girl's pelvis and slid inside the suit from Power Girl's right leg. 

To her credit, Power Girl did nothing to stop this behavior. Even when Cheetah walked directly toward her and grabbed her head, pulling the tall heroine down to kiss her. 

Cheetah's tongue was warm and soft as it twisted around in Power Girl's mouth. The Kryptonian woman groaned as passion overtook her fully. Before she realized it, Donna had unzipped her suit, and she was now completely naked. Cheetah was rubbing Power Girl's legs (which she could hardly feel.) Donna, however, would be strong enough for her to feel. Troia continued kneading Power Girl's breasts, tugging on her love-hardened nipples. 

"I have something for you, Karen," Donna said, pressing against Power Girl's back, bending her over. "Cheetah, moisten that Kryptonian cunt for me." 

Cheetah scrambled around behind Power Girl and began licking her pussy rapidly, although Power Girl couldn't feel it. Seconds later, Cheetah scrambled to the front of Power Girl and began chewing on her granite-hard tits. Believe it or not, she could actually start to feel that. 

She suddenly realized what was going on. 

"You... you have... mmmmmmm you have Kryptonite," she purred, trying to resist the growing tide of sexual energy. 

"Red Kryptonite, actually," Donna whispered huskily. "Although the effects are unpredictable, it's always effective. Just as this..." 

Power Girl felt something cold and rock-hard jam into her soft, moist pussy. 

"...is," Donna concluded. 

Suddenly, Power Girl didn't care about anything other than the most wonderful feeling she was experiencing in her loins. 

She heard a vicious laughter from nearby, but it didn't matter. All that mattered was... 

...oh yes, yes...Oh RAO yes! 

* * * 

Location: Metropolis; Three stories up from Power Girl's location 

Lorana stood in the shadows next to her sister. They watched as Donna and Cheetah had their ways with a now sexually-helpless Power Girl. 

Lorana laughed. Diana laughed on the outside. On the inside, Pure Wonder Woman cringed. She hated what she saw, but she didn't know what she could do. 

Lorana, who had been absently stroking her own pubic region, handed a package to Diana. 

"Inside this box is a sliver of Red Kryptonite in a small lead case," she said. "There is also a Golden Dildo with it. Go fetch me another Kryptonian slave." 

Suddenly, a plan hatched in Pure Wonder Woman's corner of Diana's subconscious. 

* * * 

Location: Metropolis 

Superman had responded to Diana's call almost immediately. She was standing high atop MetroTower, the tallest building in Metropolis. 

As he landed on the rooftop, he was prepared for an attack. Troia had disappeared when she confronted Wonder Woman. He didn't want to take any chances, but he knew he had to respond to this. Even if it was a trap, he felt confident he could survive it. 

"Kal, thank you so much for coming," she said, tearfully. "I didn't know where else to turn." 

She was so beautiful. Even though he was a married man, he always had a strong affinity for Diana. There was desperation in her eyes. 

"Diana, I will listen to what you have to say, but please understand, there are warrants for your arrest with every law enforcement agency in the country," he said. 

She broke open a small box. 

She really was beautiful. So alluring. Even through her red-and-gold top, he could see her nipples protruding. 

Wait, he thought. 

"What's in the box, Diana?" 

"Red K," she said. "I'm not trying to defeat you, I just want you ... to want me." 

And boy-oh-boy did he ever. He took in her statuesque body. She was beautiful. 

"Kal," she projected telepathically. "I'm being held against my will. I cannot directly disobey my captor, my sister, Lorana. She was the original Wonder Woman in the 1940s. She has placed a diabolical dildo inside of my pussy. It's made of the same material as my lasso. It's controlling almost every one of my moves. I need your help to remove it." 

"Anything, Diana," he replied. 

"I've been instructed to resist any attempt at removing it," she said. "But I also have been instructed to capture another Kryptonian. Lorana meant Supergirl, but I contacted you, obeying the letter of the law. I can't ask you to betray Lois by having sex with me..." 

"I would even do that to help you," Superman replied, sounding relieved. "What can I do?" 

"Let me get off on you," Diana begged. 

* * * 

It was even bigger and harder than she imagined. Diana began grinding her twat against his rock-hard cock. They both remained fully clothed, as she dry-humped his Kryptonian cock-of-steel. 

She was so horny, she knew it wouldn't take long. 

She rubbed herself along his pole, which continued to get harder as she continued to get wetter. 

Any time now. 

She felt the orgasm building within her loins. It was going to be even bigger than the one she'd had in her apartment a few days ago. Her last orgasm before her enslavement. 

Oh. 

Oooooh. 

OooooooHHH! Great Hera, give me strength! 

Pure and Dark Wonder Woman both shrieked in agonized ecstasy. She felt her muscles contract violently. Still she kept grinding away furiously, her teeth gritted, her eyes slammed shut. Sweat drops formed on her forehead, the back of her neck, her chest. 

A second and third orgasm piled on to the first one, creating a continuous stream of explosive energy. 

And then she felt it. 

* * * 

Location: Metropolis 

Lorana watched with envy as Donna and Cheetah kept raping Power Girl viciously, and loved the irony that Power Girl kept begging for more. 
