 Author's note: I recommend reading 'Working at the Sperm Bank Ch. 01' first, to understand how and why Alyssa ended up in this situation. Thanks to MaximusTheMad for editing.

DISCLAIMER: This is a work of pure fiction. Any names, places, and events in this story are entirely made up by the author. Similarities with real occurrences are coincidental.

*****

The guard felt like a guy who jerked off to Megan Fox at home. Alyssa typed in Megan Fox in the search field, and a number of pictures came up. She found the one with the real Megan Fox, and clicked on it. Two alternatives had appeared on screen: "Favorite" and "Morph". She pressed Morph.

"Good," Dr. Lopez said. "Now you'll just have to press the 'play' button on the remote."

He handed her a small remote, with just three buttons: "Favorites," "Play" and "Stop." She pressed play.

"What now?" Alyssa asked.

"Just wait. In an hour or so, you'll look exactly like Megan Fox."

Alyssa could feel her body start to quiver ever so slightly. Strange things started to happen as time passed. She got shorter and shorter until she stopped shrinking at about 5'4"; she felt herself get skinnier to the point where there was almost no excess fat on her upper body; her hips widened and ass got thicker. 

She took out her phone and checked herself out through the front camera. Her eyes had turned from a deep brown to a more sparkling blue, and numerous tattoos had started to appear across her body. Her lips had gotten fuller and plumper, a clear effect of Megan's numerous plastic surgeries. Alyssa felt her breasts move up on her chests, and cupped them with her hands to feel their size. The volume was unchanged, but they were starting to go much more perky and firm. Maybe they were fake? She would have to check later. Her hair had grown longer, and looked as if it had curled itself.

Alyssa's skin had gotten very smooth. To her surprise, she could see her makeup changing. A red lipstick appeared, her foundation and bronzer became more prominent, but her smokey eyes remained. Some winged eyeliner finished the morphing off.

"Holy sh..."

Alyssa started speaking, but stopped mid-sentence when she didn't recognize her own voice. She didn't recognize it at first, until she stopped to think about who she had morphed into. It was, of course, the voice of Megan Fox.

"According to the computer, the transformation is done," Dr. Lopez said while looking at his computer screen. "How do you feel?"

She realized that she was probably the first person to ever experience this and felt pressed to give a good answer. Alyssa tried to take in what it felt like to have an entirely new body, but couldn't really put her feelings into speech.

"I'm fine," was all she could utter. "Just - fine."

Alyssa pushed the chair back and stood up. Her blouse was way too loose now, and her previously sexy skirt was practically knee-long. The only thing still fitting her was her bra.

"Looks like you need some new clothes," Dr. Lopez said. "Luckily we've prepared for this. Mia should have a walk-in closet prepared for you. Continue down the hallway, second door on the left."

"Thanks," Alyssa said and left the room.

When she arrived at the closet, Mia was waiting for her.

"Alyssa?" she asked. "Is that you?"

"Yep," Alyssa responded.

"You look terrific," Mia said with a laugh. "We should have a bit of everything in here, just take whatever you need. I'll leave you to it!"

Mia left the room and closed the door behind her. Alyssa locked it, and proceeded to undress until she was standing in just her underwear. On one wall, there was a chest of drawers. One of them was labeled "underwear" and Alyssa figured she might as well start there.

Alyssa felt sexy in her new body, and wanted to reflect that in her choice of underwear. The underwear was neatly organized into piles containing a bra and its matching pair of panties. A set made in black lace immediately caught Alyssa's eye. She picked them up and placed them on the table in the middle of the room.

Not wanting to waste her time on underwear too small for her, Alyssa made sure to check the bra measurements. She couldn't be sure with this new pair of boobs, but her old bra seemed to fit fine. This led Alyssa to believe that Megan was about a 34B as well.

The bra seemed to be 34B, a possible fit. Alyssa unclipped her old bra and placed it back in the drawer. There was a mirror standing in a corner of the room, and she walked over to it to check out her assets. It was hard to decide if they were fake or not by their appearance. Alyssa gave them a squeeze, and was surprised by their firmness. She concluded that Megan probably had implants after all.

Alyssa started putting the new bra on. As it squeezed against her boobs, it kept pushing them up further than she had expected. Judging from her increase in cleavage, she had most likely picked a push up bra. Damn, did it look sexy!

Next were the panties. She slipped out of her old ones, and gave the lace pair a good look. It looked like this thong would cover just enough to leave her pussy unexposed - perfect!

Her underwear was done, and with that is was time to move on to the rest of her clothes. The drawer above the one for underwear was labeled "tops". Alyssa opened it and checked out what it could offer. A gray T-shirt immediately caught her eye, and she picked it up. She held it up in front her to see if it would fit. Alyssa judged that it would, and put it on.

The t-shirt sat tight around her body, and the v-shaped neckline showed a slight hint of cleavage. Alyssa felt herself getting hotter and hotter! Time to pick what pants to wear. On one of the walls was a bunch of shelves, showing a wide variety of pants and skirts.

Alyssa thought a pair of jeans would go well with her shirt, and looked through what the closet had to offer. She spotted a pair of light wash jeans and decided they were perfect for her. As she put them on, she felt the pants hugging the curves of her ass. They were clearly the right choice for her body.

Now, all that was left was to find a good pair of shoes. Below the chest of drawers were some shelves displaying the shoes she could pick from. On the left edge of the top shelf was a pair of high black leather boots. Alyssa thought they would be hot, but just on the verge of slutty. That is - a perfect choice. She put them on, and her outfit was finished.

Alyssa walked over to the mirror once again. Her curves were really on display - the t-shirt showed how slim she was, as well as the shape of her tits; the pants showed the thickness of her ass; and the boots hugged her calves to prove that Megan worked out a lot.

"Holy shit," Alyssa muttered to herself. "I'm so fucking hot!"

Remembering she had just been the first person ever to use the Modifier, she figured it would be right to at least say goodbye to Dr. Lopez before she left. She walked back to his office.

When she arrived at the door, she could hear strange sounds from inside. It sounded like someone moaning, and skin smacking against skin. She decided to knock anyways. 

As she did, someone whispered from inside, "Shit, she's still here! Mia, get down behind the sofa!"

Well, well. She had just caught Dr. Lopez and Mia fucking. She wasn't surprised, though. Finally, Dr. Lopez opened the door.

"Alyssa! You look stunning."

"Thanks, Dr. Lopez."

"Now that we know the Modifier works as it should, we should try out the S-Extractor. I think you know what to do."

Alyssa nodded.

"Now, if you don't mind, I've got some work to do," Dr. Lopez excused himself. "I'll be here all night. Come back as soon as you have a load to deposit."

"Alright. Thanks again, doc," Alyssa said and closed the door.

She was keen to hear Mia and Dr. Lopez get back in action, but she had a security guard to fuck! The question now was how to do it. What would be easier: taking his number and fucking him at home, or having him take her right here in the hospital? Alyssa figured that he wouldn't be able to resist the body of Megan Fox for even a minute, so it was best to do it right here, right now. She started walking down the stairs towards the entrance, without having planned how to seduce him.

"Oh well," she thought to herself. "I'd fuck myself if I didn't have better things to do. If I'm that hot, he'll be trying to get his dick inside me right away."

When she arrived at the bottom floor, she saw the guard sitting behind a desk. On the desk were a couple of computer screens, presumably for monitoring the CCTV.

"Excuse me," Alyssa said.

The guard looked up from his screens. As he realized who was standing in front of him, his jaw dropped.

"Hi, could you just help me out really quick?" she asked.

"Um... Sure. Wh-what can I do for... um... you?" he stuttered in response.

"I was going to use the bathroom, but the ones I found looked like they hadn't been cleaned in ages," she lied. "You can get nasty infections in all kinds of places from that, you know."

"Sorry, but that's not really my problem. I'll have a chat with the janitor when he comes in, but that's all I can do for you, ma'am."

"There's no way you could let me use the staff toilet? I really need to go to the bathroom," she said and did her best to look annoyed.

"Alright, but you'll have to be quick," he said. "If Dr. Lopez catches you in there, I'm in big trouble."

"I understand," Alyssa said.

As the guard stood up to unlock the door to the staff room, she noticed a bulge on his pants. She had succeeded! Now, she just had to find an excuse to have sex.

Alyssa followed him inside, and waited until the door was shut behind her. In the staff room was a round table, a couch and a couple of armchairs. It wasn't optimal for sex, but it would have to do.

Before the guard had a chance to show her to the bathroom, Alyssa spoke up with a seductive voice, "What's your name, sweetheart?"

The guard turned around to face her. He looked confused.

"Uhh... Jared. Why?"

"I just thought it would be appropriate to know your name before we fucked," she said with a smirk across her face. "It would be a bit awkward to ask after, wouldn't it?"

As she spoke, she slowly walked towards him. She placed a hand on his chest and leaned into his face. 

When their noses were touching, she quietly said, "Don't act like you don't want to. You're a guy, and I'm Megan fucking Fox. I've seen the way you look at me."

He didn't reply, so she gave him a kiss. Jared returned the favor by leaning even closer until their hips were touching. Alyssa gave him long, deep kisses one after the other to drive him crazy, before starting to make out more passionately. She grabbed one of Jared's hands and guided it to her left tit. Alyssa broke their kiss to tease him.

"Go on then. Give them a goooood feel, 'cause you'll never get to again, boy."

He started squeezing them through her shirt, and Alyssa reached down to his crotch. When she began rubbing his boner through his suit pants, he let out a loud moan. She decided the foreplay was over and knelt down in front of him.

As Jared unbuckled his belt, Alyssa shook her hair out of her face and moved it behind her shoulders. When she looked up, her gaze was met by a rock hard eight inch cock aiming at her face. Jared had managed to remove both his pants and boxers, leaving him in his shirt and blazer. Alyssa wrapped both of her hands around his dick and started jerking him off.

"How's this, Jared?" Alyssa said, in a low, sexy voice. "I hope you realize you're being jerked off by Megan Fox, honey."

"I love it, Megan," he moaned in response.

"I want to taste this big dick so bad," Alyssa purred.

She started licking around his cock head, greedily scooping up the pre-cum she could gather. Alyssa kept one hand on his shaft to hold it in place.

"Put it in your mouth, baby," Jared begged.

Alyssa complied right away, and put her mouth around the top of his dick. She had always liked to give messy blowjobs. As she blew him, her saliva started running out of her mouth. 

"Now that his cock is nice and wet, i might as well try to deepthroat it," Alyssa thought.

She didn't have much experience with deepthroating, but she felt Megan would. Turns out, she was right, Megan's throat could take six of his eight inches with ease. Alyssa noticed Jared's breathing change. She let his cock pop out of her mouth, with lines of saliva forming between it and her mouth.

"Did you like that, Jared?" she asked while looking into his eyes. "Feels like you're about to waste your big load already."

Alyssa stood up, and started taking her boots off.

"Go get me a cucumber and a condom, baby," she instructed Jared.

She had a plan. While Jared left for the kitchen, Alyssa took her pants off. It was tempting to take her panties off as well, but she felt the need to at least save something for Jared. A couple of minutes later, he returned. He put the cucumber and condom on the table. Alyssa pushed her ass out to show him how big it was.

"Take my panties off, honey," she told him.

Jared walked over to her, and slowly started pulling her panties down. As he did, Alyssa got the condom out and pulled it over the cucumber. When her panties were off, she turned around and gave Jared a deep kiss. She then walked over to the sofa, lied down and put her legs together up in the air.

Without saying a word, Alyssa began working the condom-clad cucumber around her wet cunt. She pushed it between her legs to rub her clit, and then pulled it back out to stroke her pussy lips. Jared was standing up in front of the sofa. She looked into his eyes, and pushed the cucumber inside her, letting out a deep moan. While working it in and out of her hole, she teased Jared.

"Oh baby, I wish this was your big fucking cock inside my dripping wet pussy."

She pushed the cucumber as deep inside as she could, and let out a mix between a moan and a scream when it hit her cervix.

"Is your cock that big? I want to feel how deep inside you can push it, Jared."

"Megan, I want to fuck you so bad," he grunted.

Alyssa pulled the cucumber out and put it down on the floor. 

She spread her legs, and begged Jared "Come here and give it to me, then. Shove it deep inside my pussy until I can't take it any more!"

Jared walked over to her, and stood on his knees. He grabbed his dick and started smacking it across Alyssa's pussy. His teasing was driving her crazy, until he suddenly stopped.

"Who's Brian?" he asked.

"I'm sorry, what?"

"You've got a tattoo right here that says Brian," he said and pointed to her tattoo to the upper left of her crotch. "It's on a pretty private part of your body, you know."

"Don't worry about Brian, just give me your cock, baby," she begged, trying to keep his mind of the name.

"Are you sure about this?"

"Look, Brian is my husband," she said, faking an annoyed voice. "But, I'm so fucking horny, and your cock is much bigger than his. Now fuck me already!"

Jared seemed to be satisfied with her answer, and pushed his dick inside Alyssa's dripping wet hole. He started by pushing all the way in, before pulling out again. After a minute of this, Alyssa got restless.

"Fuck me hard, Jared."

He immediately picked up his pace, and began humping. Alyssa moaned in pleasure. He was a bit rough, but not more than to the point where it just enhanced the pleasure. She enjoyed the sight of the hunk in front of him, knowing she would never get to fuck a man with those muscles in her old body. Alyssa kept rubbing her clit as Jared fucked her.

It seemed like he wanted to fuck her in a another position, and he suddenly thrust as deep inside her as he could. His cock hit Alyssa's cervix, and she screamed in pain.

"Shit," he panted and pulled out. "Sorry!"

"Don't worry about that, baby," Alyssa reassured him. "I want you to take me from behind."

She stood up, pulled her shirt off, and bent over the table in the middle of the room. Alyssa grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them, as an invite to Jared.

"Put that dick all the way inside my pussy, Jared!"

He walked up behind her. In fear of cumming right away, he started rubbing his cock in the crack between her cheeks. He occasionally moved it down to rub against her swollen pussy lips. When Alyssa though he was about to do just that, he thrust inside her instead. She wasn't ready and gasped. Jared picked up his pace, leaving Alyssa speechless.

She could feel herself nearing her own orgasm, and could only imagine what Jared's would look like. Alyssa felt the world around her disappear - the only thing she felt was Jared hammering into her. Her cunt started cramping around his dick, and wave after wave of pleasure flooded her body. Alyssa eventually recovered, and started longing for Jared's load on her face. His breathing was getting faster until he suddenly pulled out.

"Megan, I'm gonna cum," he groaned. "Come here and take it like the cum-hungry slut you are!"

Alyssa turned around and knelt down in front of his cock. She didn't need to help him along, and he started spurting cum across her face right away. Alyssa sat right there and took it all, until her face was drenched in the white, sticky substance. When she had started to lick his cock clean, she realized something.

"Fuck!" she said.

"Huh?" Jared asked, with a confused look on his face.

"Nothing," Alyssa lied.

She had realized her actual job was to swallow his cum, not take it on her face! In hopes of it still working, she started scooping up all the cum she could gather. Putting into her mouth, she gladly swallowed it. As she did, she felt the S-Extractor in her throat going to work. It was as if Alyssa was choking on a big lump of metal, but she could still breathe. She hurried to swallow what she could before grabbing her clothes.

"Thanks, Jared," she said with a smile. "That was pretty amazing, wasn't it? You'll certainly have a story to tell your friends. Don't expect to see me again, baby."

Not bothering to put her clothes on, Alyssa left the break room with only her bra on. She didn't turn around until she reached the closet. She got dressed and walked over to Dr. Lopez's' office. The door was open, so she just walked right in. He was sitting behind his computer, tapping away at the keyboard. He looked up when he saw Alyssa enter.

"Looks like you've been having fun," he laughed.

"What do you mean?"

"Your makeup's all ruined, and there's some white stuff on your nose," he said and passed her a paper towel. Alyssa didn't take it, and instead scooped it up with her fingers and swallowed it. Dr. Lopez nodded approvingly.

"I've got a deposit to make," she said.

"Fantastic. Have a seat, I'll just have to go fetch the necessary equipment."

Alyssa sat down in the sofa, and Dr. Lopez left the room. A few minutes later, he returned with a bunch of vials. He sat down next to her.

"Okay, here's how this works," he said. "There's a button on the S-Extractor for releasing whatever's stored in it. It's hard to locate, so I'll most likely be pushing on a bunch of spots on your throat. It might hurt, but I know what I'm doing. Alright?" 

"Alright," Alyssa said.

"Good. Then, you'll just be able to spit it out into these vials. Fill as many as possible, and for God's sake don't spill a drop! I don't want cum stains on my sofa. Now, shall we get started?"

Alyssa responded with a slightly nervous nod. Dr. Lopez, like he had said, started squeezing her throat in different places. It almost became hard to breathe - but never too hard, so Dr. Lopez certainly knew what he was doing. After a minute or two, Alyssa felt something click inside her.

"Aha!" Dr. Lopez exclaimed. "I found it!"

He handed her a vial, and Alyssa started spitting. To her surprise, no actual spit came out of her mouth. What landed in the vials was white and much thicker than saliva. She figured it could only be Jared's cum. She kept spitting until she couldn't draw any more out, and a vial had become diluted with a lot of spit.
