 Hagane slammed his cold steel gauntlet down upon the weaponsmith's counter, his face a mask of rage as he brought his great sword around to point at the man's throat. 

His eyes glowed with anger; it was the third time in a week Hagane had stopped by to get his sword enchanted and every time the smith said he was "out of rune stones." Hagane thrust his sword, spearing the shopkeeper through his throat. Withdrawing his blade, the body slumped forward onto the counter before he moved on to the armoursmith. 

Nanarie quietly stepped to Hagane's side, placing her hand on his shoulder in the hope her touch would cool his wrath. As she waited for the armoursmith to fall to Hagane's blade, she hoped her delicate touch would be enough to calm his anger. He lowered his sword as he glared at the armoursmith. He sheathed his great weapon and relaxed, his hand rising to caress Nanarie's cheek as he whispered, "Thank you."

She reached up to caress his hand with hers, taking it and leading him from the shop in fear of the armoursmith's life. Hagane moved with her, removing his helmet to let his black hair fall around his shoulders, his hand entwining with hers slowly as he walked with her. 

Nanarie led him into the quiet wood, where she spotted a dark and twisted tree, a perfect hideaway. Stopping before it, she turned to face her warrior. Her hand reached up to slide through his silken hair as she leaned closer into him, until his breath was warm upon her cheek. 

Hagane exhaled slowly, leaning forward against her attentions. His helm and sword dropped to the ground and his armour moved as he breathed, the smell of fresh blood on his hands. He was always relaxed by her touch; she was his evil queen after all. An evil glint sparkled in Nanarie's eye as his steel made a thud upon the ground. Her hands left his hair to trail slowly over his cold, hard armour. She backed away a step, taking his bloodied hands in hers.

Raising them to her searing red lips, her tongue flicker out to lightly brush his fingertips. Releasing his hands, she leaned toward him, her lips brushing his. He smiled darkly, his hand rising to undo the clips of his band mail, which fell to the ground, leaving his hairless chest exposed. He then undid the clips to his lower armour, revealing his leather pants underneath. Kicking his banded boots off, his hand rose to brush against her cheek again as he smiled at her. "Better?"

"Mmm, much," she growled back at him, her robe suddenly feeling heavy upon her body. Her breath quickened at the sight of his bare chest before her. Her tongue flicked out to sear across his lips, then she pulled back to nibble his neck, her hands roaming over his muscular shoulders. Touching him, she wondered what he might like from her; slow and torturous to cool his temper, or brutal to satisfy his lust.

He laughed softly, almost reading her mind as he whispered to her, "slow first, and then I'll get brutal with you..." He grinned darkly, wrapping his arms around her form to pull her against him, and kissed her deeply on the lips. His playful nature is so different from the man inside the shop that it brings a giggle to her throat. Embracing his kiss, her breath caught in her throat. Lips together, she fiddled with the buttons of her robe, suddenly feeling far too hot in the chilling breeze.

He helped with her robe, head canted to the side as he watched her with a grin. She had a calming effect on him, an ability to make everything all right. Besides, you didn't need to be a cold-hearted killer all the time, you still had to enjoy yourself. 

The cool breeze felt wonderful wafting over her chest and she couldn't tear her eyes away from his. It was as if they contained an enchanting spell. Her robe slipped from her shoulders to pool around her feet. Running her hands down his naked back to his hips, he felt so good under her touch, warm and strong. She reached in again to caress his lips with hers, her hands travelling further between them.

Hagane's hands danced along her bare hips as he kissed her gently on the lips before moving his hands to cup her breasts, teasing the nipples with his finger tips as he pressed his body against hers. He wriggled his hips and let his leather pants fall to the ground as well. He kicked them away. The heat of his body was intense against her and his hands made her nipples tingle and stand to attention. Her head was back as lust overtook her. His now naked hips touched hers and she wanted more, lust burning in her eyes. Pushing his hands away, she began to move down his body, lips tickling his nipples, then his stomach.

As she ran her lips over him, his hands fell to his sides and he leaned back against the tree, a sigh of relief escaping from him as he let his head roll back, a smile on his face. As he gazed down to watch her, he trailed his fingers through her hair and touched her cheek. Her eyes met his with evil intentions as her tongue trailed from his hardened stomach ever lower. Her lips resting slightly in his black curls, her eyes closed, she feels his manhood brush her cheek.

"You tease for too long; I'll make it so that you can't sit for a week," he said, cock getting hard from her kneeling before him. His hands caressed her cheek as he looked down, watching her curiously, pointed ears moving back a little bit.

"Promise?" she growled. But a sore butt wasn't what she wanted, so she took his hardened cock into her mouth, the feel of it sending streaks of lust farther into her. She pulled back, the cold breeze brushing over his wet cock, then took him into her hot mouth once again. He gritted his teeth and smiled, enjoying the feeling. His hand rested against her cheek as he slowly pushed against her mouth. Though he wanted to service her in other ways, he still enjoyed the feel of his cock in her warm, wet mouth. Releasing him fully from her mouth, she stood before him to use her hands. Her body burned with desire, wanting his touch, needing his lust.

"What do you wish of me?" she mumbled, hands full of hot cock.

"Get down on all fours... right here. I'm going to make you scream." Moving against her hands, a hand caressed her cheek softly as the other cupped a firm, full breast, teasing the nipple as he grinned playfully. She thought for a second of testing his desire, but thought better of it She loved it when he growled at her and she moved slowly away from him and turned away. She slowly bent over, her bottom naked and proud before him. As she lowered herself to the ground, she wondered how much it would take to make her scream this time. Her body trembled with wanton desire, not knowing what exactly he had planned.

Hagane grinned as he knelt behind her, hands resting upon her round hips. He pressed the head of his cock against her wet lips, then thrust forward, filling her with his girth as he closed his eyes, getting a feel for her. His hands gripped her hips tightly, she wasn't getting away from him. A deep moan escaped her throat as he filled her and she clenched her muscles to squeeze him as he locked her into place. His hands pressed into her hips, a feeling that sent tingles through her body.

"This... is what I had in mind," he bellowed as he began to thrust full and deep, filling her with his girth over and over again. His eyes closed as he took her, his cock touching her in those places only he could reach. She bit her lip to keep from crying out, afraid that if she screamed he might stop. She bucked against him to meet his thrusts, feeling him slam into her. She mentally pushed herself back from the edge, hoping to make it last. He could fuck for several hours and he went faster and harder against her hips, making her feel every inch of him. He wanted her to scream out.

"Ohhhhh, Hagane." His name burst from her lips. He was brutal and she loved it, the strength of him inside her, his hands clenching her hips, slamming into her. A low moan grew into a scream of ecstasy as a wave of pleasure overtook her. She knew he could fuck for hours, but she aimed to drain him of every drop of energy he had.

He grunted as he pounded into her body, filling her over and over again with his cock. He grinned darkly, holding her hips tightly as he thrust. Her screams grew in intensity, although she tried to hold them back, not wanting to be discovered in their hideaway. As she squeezed him inside her, pulling him ever deeper with each thrust, the dying leaves crunched on the earth beneath her hands. He felt his coming release and took her harder and quicker still, pounding away into her body as his hands gripped her hips tightly. She wasn't going anywhere until he was done with her; he loved the way she felt around him.

She held her breath as the warrior pleased himself with her, and, as his hot body seared inside her, she let out a banshee scream as she lost control of her own body, giving way to the waves overcoming her.

His hands gripped her hips even tighter as he finally spouted inside of her, filling her with his cum as he ground his hips slowly against hers, making her his again on a dark, cool eve. His eyes closed as he felt his tension release. As he relaxed, he reached a hand to caress her cheek once again. Still impaled by Hagane, Nanarie's breath began to slow, although her heart still pounded out of control. She slowly collapsed to the ground, her weight no longer supported by her shaking arms. The air around her now felt warm and welcoming, her body coming back down from her emotional and physical high.

"So... how was that... torture..?" he asked with a playful thrust of his hips against hers, a smile on his face. Finally, slowly, withdrawing his cock from her body, he sat beside her, holding her in his arms as he ran a hand across her cheek.

"Hmmm, I think you can do better," she said with a devious grin, knowing she'd drained his strength for the time being. It amazed her that the man who had brutally killed the weaponsmith just a short while before was now caressing her as if she was a treasure to behold. They were married and he still had his values. He smiled at her and kissed her softly on the lips, as his hands wandered over the curves of her body. She wondered whose strength she had sapped, as her eyes felt heavy, the comfort of his body and caress wrapping around her like a favourite blanket. Love flowed from her fingertips as she caressed his body.

"Tired?" he asked with a playful smile, holding her close, strong arms around her. He leaned back against the tree, grabbing her robe and covering them both lightly. She hummed herself quietly to a light sleep as she wondered if they would make it home without stopping again. Maybe she'd pick a fight and get him angry, just so he could deal with his anger in this wonderful way.