 It was like Eddy was looking through some sort of distorting mirror. The man looking back at him looked like he took all the features Eddy had and made them perfect. Eddy's double chin was replaced with a chiseled chin, void of any fat. Edward's black hair was cut short and stylish, unlike the mop that Eddy kept. Even Edward's eyes held an intensity that intimidated Eddy. 

Eddy instinctively took a step back and stumbled back into Stephanie. She rubbed his back to comfort him, but her touch was like electricity and Eddy quickly jumped away from her. 

Edward smirked, raising his hands as robotic arms descended from the ceiling and emerged from the floor. They attached themselves to pieces of the Gargoyle armor and began removing them from Edward's body, revealing his defined chest and abs. As the arms removed armor, they reassembled the pieces alongside the wall. However, when the mechanical arms attached themselves to Edwards limbs, they simply removed thicker outer plates, leaving robotic prosthetics. Both Edward's arms and his body below the waist were replaced with cybernetics. Eddy could almost feel his eyes bulging from his sockets as he studied the mechanical limbs. 

"Maybe the explanations can wait until we get upstairs," Edward said, unbothered by Eddy's stares.

Eddy was quickly swept into Edward's pace as he was led to the elevator, something that oddly wasn't in Eddy's initial designs. Along the way, Edward gave him the grand tour of the facilities. He pointed out the laboratory, the firing range, and the fitness room before stopping at a closed door. "This is the interrogation room," Edward explained before swiftly walking past it. 

Eddy wondered why Edward didn't open the door and give him an actual tour of the room. Stephanie could see the confusion on Eddy's face and answered his unspoken question, "Edward never let anyone in there. He says that we don't need to see what's beyond the door." 

It was the longest elevator ride Eddy was ever a part of. He had no idea where to look, not wanting to bring attention to the robotic parts that comprised most of Edward's body. He stole a glance at Stephanie and she didn't seem to be bothered by it. In fact, it seemed like Stephanie was staring at Eddy through his reflection. But that couldn't have been right. 

The elevator came to a halt as an announcement played, "Welcome to the penthouse, Master Edward."

The aroma attacked Eddy's nose even before the doors opened, revealing a glass dining table that held a spread that could have been enough for a feast. The table was covered in salads, pastas, chicken and pork. The scent was enough to make Eddy's mouth water. He didn't realize how hungry he was. 

There was a red silk robe that was draped over the chair at the head of the table. Edward walked over and put on the robe before taking a seat, motioning for Eddy and Stephanie to do the same. Stephanie took the seat across from Eddy, and she unfolded the napkin and placed it on her lap. 

"Please, dig in," Edward said, a small hum accompanying his waving hand. "Traveling dimensions definitely can work up your appetite." 

Without hesitation, Eddy dove in and served himself hearty helpings from almost every dish on the table. Everything but salad. Not because he hated it, but because he wasn't sure he'd have room in his belly to try out all the dishes on the table. The only sound that could be heard was cutlery scraping on plates and the occasional gulp from a glass. Eddy already devoured two platefuls before his companions could finish one. 

Finally breaking the silence, Edward set down his fork and said, "So Eddy, surely you must have some questions." 

Caught mid-chew, Eddy could only nod as he swallowed his food. His mind couldn't stop racing as it tried to digest all that happened. "How is this all real? The Cathedral and the Gargoyle armor?"" 

"I made it all," Edward answered. "Like you, I've always been fascinated with superheroes. But, instead of staying in art school, I made a different choice and majored in engineering. I also studied quantum mechanics and theoretical physics. I graduated with doctorates and started my own company." 

Surprised, Eddy asked, "Wait, how old are you?" 

"I'm twenty-five, seven years older than you," Edward answered. "Our universes are somewhat displaced and I was born earlier."

"Then she's not my age either?" Eddy asked, motioning to Stephanie with his fork. 

But Edward shook his head, "This Stephanie and the one from your universe were born at the same time. That's why it was so easy for her to take your Stephanie's place." 

It was difficult for Eddy to wrap his head around universe displacements, so he tried to ask a question that he could probably comprehend. "What happened to your body?"

Edward brought his robotic hand in front of his face, turning his wrist to examine it. "There was an accident. I was working on crossing dimensions and one of my machines went haywire. I lost my arms and everything below my waist."

Stephanie added, "I was one floor above his lab and I felt the aftershocks. When I got there, he was barely alive."

"Stephanie is the reason I'm still here," Edward continued. "She brought me to the Rejuvenation Tank and was able to stabilize me enough to attach these prototype armor pieces."

"This is nuts," Eddy said, resting his head in his hands. When he opened his eyes, he was met with such luxury: the quality of the food, the chair he sat on and the plates he ate off of. It was more than he ever experienced in his life. "Why me?" 

"Pardon?" 

"Why did you choose me? You saw how Jace was about to clobber me. If you had the ability to grab anyone from any universe, why did you choose a loser like me?" 

"Because you are a loser," Edward answered bluntly, placing his utensils onto his plate, his eyes intense. "The Gargoyle has become more of a public figure and less of a myth. If interested parties did some digging, it wouldn't take much to put together where the Gargoyle came from. Not many companies have the resources to create a suit like that. And who could be piloting the suit? That list is even shorter." 

Eddy furrowed his eyebrows and shot Stephanie a look. She saw that Eddy needed help, and elaborated. "It wouldn't take long for people to figure that Edward Johnson, the founder and co-CEO of Tombstone Technologies, is inside the Gargoyle suit. We needed a new public face, one that would throw off anyone sniffing around." 

"You brought me here because I'm an unlikely suspect?"

"Exactly!" Edward exclaimed with a metallic clap. "Eddy, the difference between you and me is like night and day. But we cannot deny that we are the one and the same. We brought you here to become Edward Johnson."

Edward confirmed Eddy's suspicions. "But I don't know anything about running a company. If anything, I'd be more of a liability than insurance." 

Edward shook his hand in dismissal. "Don't worry about that, we have it all covered. Now, if you've finished eating you should get some rest. Stephanie will show you to your room." With that, Edward got up and left Eddy and Stephanie at the table. He went up the stairs and disappeared behind one of the doors. 

"He's always like that," Stephanie sighed as she began picking up the plates on the table. 

"I'll help!" Eddy quickly added, grabbing the dishes he could and bringing them to the sink. Stephanie added her pile and walked over to put the leftovers in the fridge. Eddy instinctively started to wash the dishes, enjoying the sense of familiarity the chore brought to his relationship with Stephanie. He enjoyed the closeness. Absorbed in his dishwashing, Eddy didn't realize that Stephanie finished her job and leaned against the counter next to him. Breaking the silence Eddy said, "You and Edward seem close." 

That caused Stephanie to chuckle. "Yeah, he's helped me out a lot." She slipped next to Eddy, dipping her hands in the sink water and grabbing dirty dishes to wash. Moments passed between them as Eddy waited for Stephanie to continue. "He took me in when I had nowhere else to go. Edward's like a brother to me." 

This caused a knot to form in Eddy's stomach. If Edward was like a brother to her, then what did that make him? Eddy finished washing the rest of the dishes and dried his hands. He let out a yawn and eyed the stairs Edward walked up. 

"Do you wanna head to bed?" 

Stephanie's question caused Eddy to blush. He knew what she meant, but he always wished that she'd say something like that to him in a sexual way. Regardless, Eddy nodded and followed Stephanie up the stairs to his room. 

The room was huge, with the biggest bed he'd ever seen in the center. Eddy barely fit on his small twin mattress at home and now he had all the room he needed. There were several closets and drawers lining the wall, sure to be filled with clothes. One of the doors was opened and Eddy could see an adjoining bathroom. 

"If you need me, I'll be right down the hall," Stephanie said as she turned away with a smile. "Goodnight, Eddy." 

Eddy stared at the mesmerizing sway of her hips as she walked away, closing the door behind her. Eddy plopped onto the bed, sinking into the soft mattress. His thoughts drifted and he replayed everything that happened before falling into a deep sleep.

————————————————————————-——-——————————————

Eddy dreamt that night. He found himself floating above a throne room, looking down on the man seated in the ornate chair. As if he was a ghost, Eddy was able to float over to the sitting figure and what he saw startled him. The man wore a crown and his face littered with scars earned from harsh battle. His eyes were closed as if he was in deep meditation.

The doors to the throne room burst open as two guards ran into the room. They knelt down before their king and reported, "King Edwin, the Tiger Emperor's army from the north have crossed into our borders! What should we do?"

Edwin stroked his chin and raised his hand, closing his eyes. He muttered a spell, causing his hands to glow an eerie purple light. The temperature in the room seemed to lower, causing the guards to shiver. Once finished, the glow dissipated and Edwin said, "As we speak, the Tiger Emperor's men will be overrun by the bodies buried under the ground they march on."

Terrified, the guards bowed lower before leaving the king alone in the throne room. As they left, a beautiful woman slipped through the doors. Her midnight black hair was braided into a single braid that rested over her shoulder. Her hands rested on her pregnant stomach, rubbing it with light circles. "Must you scare your men so much, my love?"

"Stella?" Edwin's mood instantly perked up with the woman's appearance. Seeing the beautiful woman walk into the room, Edwin jutted up from the throne to meet her. He stopped before her, placing a kiss on her forehead before kneeling down and placing another on her belly.

"Those two looked as if you summoned the undead before them," Stella laughed. "I told you not to do that."

Edwin shook his head, rubbing his wife's tummy. "They came to me with a problem, and I fixed it. They didn't even see any of the undead."

"Well, my king, if you're finished solving the kingdom's problems for today, will you be able to spare some time for your beloved wife?"

Edwin smiled. "Your wish is my command."

—————————————————————————————————————————

The sound of an alarm woke Eddy from his dream. The dream confused him. Whenever he dreamt, he was always the person that the dream was about. This was the first time he looked down on someone else.

Shaking the thoughts away, Eddy felt around to find the source of the alarm. Once his fingers pushed the button, the annoying ringing finally stopped. He got up from the bed, his hair a tangled mess, and realizing that he didn't change into pajamas before falling asleep. His morning wood strained against his khakis His hand instinctively went to unbutton his pants, freeing and massaging his swollen cock. 

"Morning Eddy. Do you want some—"

Without a knock, Stephanie opened the door, seeing Eddy's large cock in his chubby hand and his bushy, untamed public hair. Stephanie's eyes went wide as a blush spread across her cheeks. Her mouth opened slightly before she realized that she was staring. Stephanie slammed the door shut, which snuffed out her small whisper of an apology.

"Shit," Eddy muttered, his hand still on his softening member. He got up from bed and shuffled over to the bathroom, hoping that a shower would wash away his embarrassment. 

As he stood in front of the mirror, he studied the growing black and blue knot on his jaw. His fingers went to examine the bruise only to retreat from the pain it caused. Eddy shifted his jaw side to side and regretted not icing it last night. He took off his shirt and there was a matching bruise where Jace punched him. The great thing about traveling dimensions is never having to see that asshole again. 

Eddy stepped into the shower and stood there, letting the cold water crash over him. It sent shivers down his spine, but helped him wake up. His thoughts kept going back to his dream. He'd never heard of a King Edwin, neither in his history class nor in his comic books. He pushed the thought out of his mind as he lathered shampoo in his hands. Eddy was consciously avoiding his now softened cock, no longer in the mood to pleasure himself. After a few minutes, Eddy got out and dried himself off. He brushed his teeth with his new toothbrush and grabbed some of the new clothes from his dressers. It bothered him that all of the clothes in the dressers were his style and size. How could they have possibly known that?

Eddy walked from his room to the kitchen, where he could smell breakfast cooking. But it wasn't the food that caused his mouth to water. Stephanie's legs peeked out from short shorts that revealed the curve of her ass and her breasts threatened to spill out from her tank top. Her hair was in her signature ponytail, swaying as she danced to the song she was humming. 

"Damn she's beautiful," Eddy thought to himself, looking Stephanie up and down. 

Noticing his blatant staring, Stephanie coughed to acknowledge her admirer. "Hey Eddy, how do you like your eggs? Scrambled?" Though she joked, Eddy noticed that she avoided eye contact.

"Actually, can I have them over easy?" Eddy said, suppressing a laugh. 

"You got it," Stephanie nodded. She motioned with her chin to the plates on the counter. "Can you bring the bacon and the hash browns over? I'll be done this in a second." 

"Sure." Eddy grabbed the plates and set them onto the table. This was the most Eddy talked to Stephanie and it surprised him how natural things started to come. Maybe the fact that she saw his cock this morning wasn't the end of the world. 

"Do you have scrambled eggs, Stephie?" A voice called from the stairs. 

Eddy looked up to see a woman at the top of the steps. Her tanned skin stood out against the white negligee she wore and her blue grey hair tied up in a messy bun. Her bare feet pitter-pattered as she padded down the steps, her breasts jiggling with each step. The woman locked her brown eyes onto Eddy and smiled. There was something familiar with that look. It was one he got from... 

"Professor Ellsworth?" Eddy asked instinctively. 

There was a glimmer in her eye as she responded, flashing Eddy a pearly white smile. "Goodness, I haven't been called professor in a long time. Just call me Claudia, dear"

"What are you doing here?" Eddy asked, looking to Stephanie for answers. All things considered, Eddy was a lucky man. He was able to see two beautiful women half-naked so early in the morning. However, right now all he could see was the woman that always criticized him. 

For a moment the smile on Claudia's face fell before she sighed. She raised her left hand and pointed to her ring. "I guess he didn't tell you. Edward is my husband." 

Eddy would have fallen to the floor if Stephanie hadn't chimed in. "Okay the eggs are done, let's eat!"

Stephanie came around from the kitchen and had several plates in hand. Claudia took a seat where Stephanie placed the scrambled eggs, across from Eddy's. Snapping out of his stupor, Eddy took his seat next to Stephanie. 

Eddy found Stephanie's cooking to be delicious and wondered if this was going to be an everyday thing. Across from him, Claudia was quietly eating, careful not to drop any crumbs onto her clothes, or lack thereof. It was impossible for Eddy not to stare at her, and he got a peek of her dark nipples through the sheer material. The sight sent a jolt straight to Eddy's cock. Eddy knew that if he'd have a perpetual hard on if he stayed here too long.

Breaking the quiet, Claudia finally spoke. "Stephie, does Eddy know of our agenda today?"

Stephanie shook her head as she swallowed a mouthful. "We got in pretty late last night, and didn't have a chance to tell him."

"Tell me what?" Eddy asked. 

"Our agenda," Claudia reiterated, wiping her lips. "We need to go shopping today." 

"That's it?" 

Stephanie shook her head. "Trust me, there's more to it than just walking around." 

The only experience Eddy had was walking through the mall with his stepmom, his arms filled with whatever she bought. "But don't I just have to hold the bags or something?" 

Eddy's answer caused Claudia to chuckle. "No sweetheart, we have someone to hold our bags. We're shopping for you today."

"Me? What do I need?" Eddy remembered that most of the drawers in his room were filled with clothes. 

Claudia gave him a once-over. "You need a suit or two and a haircut. 

"But—"

"No buts!" Claudia cut off, with a playful tone in her voice. "Now if you're finished, clean up and get ready to go. I'm going to get changed. The car will be waiting for us." Claudia got up and brought her plate to the sink, letting the water run for a moment before padding upstairs. 

"You can't change her mind once she gets like that," Stephanie consoled. "I'd just go along with whatever she has planned. It's easier that way."

Eddy waited patiently in the dining room though it didn't take long for Claudia to get dressed. Eddy heard the clicking of her heels before he saw her at the top of the steps. She was wearing a black pencil skirt and blazer, and her hair was now tied up neatly. She walked over to Eddy and presented him with a ring. 

Eddy's eyes went wide, his mouth slack. 

"Relax," Claudia said, her voice soothing. "You need to play the part of Edward Johnson while we're out in public. That includes being married to me." Her slender fingers grabbed Eddy's hand and slipped the ring onto his ring finger.

Eddy stared at the golden band. He thought to himself, "This wasn't how I thought I'd get married." He laughed and he moved his gaze back toward Claudia. Her smile made his heart skip a beat and the scent of her perfume filled his nose. 

In the elevator, Claudia explained the day to day dealings inside of the building. "We were on the top floor of the Johnson Building, the headquarters for Tombstone Technologies. The entire building houses the different departments that fall under our umbrella."

"You mean there's more?" 

"Of course. The Cathedral and the penthouse are located in the basement and the top floor of the building respectively, connected by a secret elevator," Claudia said as the elevator slowed to a stop. When the doors opened, Eddy was met by another familiar face. 

"Good morning, Mr. Johnson, Mrs. Johnson," the man greeted, giving both of them a slight bow. His bald head glistened in the early morning sunlight. 

"Good morning, Jace," Claudia replied. "Eddy, this is Jace Crawford, our escort."

It seemed to Eddy that some things never changed, no matter what universe he was in. Jace seemed to be his driver for all eternity. Hopefully, this version of Jace wouldn't try to pummel his face. Eddy spoke up, "Hello."
