 The heavy hide flap fell back into place, giving relief from the slicing winter wind that raced through the pathways between the huts. The village's streets had been long packed with dirty ice that had once been the first snows of the season. This particular hut was sunken into the ground near the edge of the village and up against the sheer wall of the valley and gorges the tribe wintered in. Saplings that had been bent and tied years before had now grown into modest trees permanently arched to provide this one particular hut a year-round shape even when the tribe had moved on for the summer.

Basura could feel the heat bite at her numbed cheeks, even this far up the long stairway, as she reached heavily gloved hands up to unwind the furs she wore over her face. In the honey glow of the oil lamps her green-brown skin shone as she unwrapped the furs and began to slide from her heavy garments. Layers slipped off as she puffed in the humid air and she stomped her boots to free the caked on snow before she finally stood mostly naked, her heavy clothes stuck onto a shelf beside others. The winter had been long and the snow had constricted their world down to this one deep valley whose tall walls shielded the tribe from the majority of the winds. Still, it was cold and Basura was relieved to finally be done with her patrol. She reached for one of the broad strips of linen, a luxury that had to be packed in from the southlands, and wrapped it carefully around her waist and between her legs and then stepped into a pair of the wooden sandals lining the wall. She stood, modest breasts bare, dark olive colored nipples thick and standing out, wrapped in linen, and her skin shone in the amber glow of the lamps. As she turned to descend the steps, the light played along the contours of her well defined physique.

The stone stairs were slick with condensation as she trod with care down into the dim depths, the wood of the sandals clunking on the stone and echoing along the descending staircase. Simple oil lamps stood in niches cut into the stone beneath the hut and the snow, the warmth and humidity increasing as she descended those stairs worn smooth. 

Below the stairway opened into a round room. The walls smooth with decades of use and the benches polished by backsides over generations. Basura could hear voices through the hanging leather curtain that separated this small sitting room, humid and warm, from the one beyond. A few others of the tribe must be here tonight enjoying the break from the biting cold above. Stepping from the sandals she crossed the small room and pushed the curtain side, steam rolling around her as she entered the larger chamber. This room was considerably larger than the one before, and the hut above. Roughly round it had three large basins cut into the floor of it, all three of which were full of hot water, steam hanging from them. A complicated system of wooden sluices could empty the tubs and let more water from the hot springs further up the mountain side into the pools, but emptying and refilling a tub would take all day and, for now, the water was clear and fresh and still very hot.

In the center of the room one basin, which could be filled if needed, was larger than the other three. For the time being it was occupied by several other members of the tribe sitting on its low bench watching two men wrestle. Naked save their linen wraps their own bodies, in hues of green and brown, glistened with sweat and steam as they wrestled, their muscles showing in tight curves as they slipped against one another's slick skin. Basura, not quite ready for that but definitely enjoying the sight of the raw physicality of it, chose to join the few tribe members soaking in the hot water this time of night. 

All told about a dozen people were in this large room and enjoying the warmth before having to brave the cold to return to their own homes or to spend the night on the palisade. Basura was glad she was done with her shift for the night. As she glanced around the chamber, trying to decide which of the pools would be the hottest, she spied Kada, one of the two blacksmiths the tribe boasted, and smiled a tusky smile to herself. She approached the tub where the stockier orc woman soaked with water up to her neck, her more solidly built frame hidden under the water and the rising steam.

"Bas, it's about time you got here. My toes are getting wrinkled waiting for you to show up. Get in here and get the chill off your bones."

Needing no invitation, Basura had already reached down and unwrapped the linen from round her waist, folding it and setting it beside Kada's own, then she sat on the edge of the pool, knees up to her breasts and began a slow process of entering the almost scalding water.

"Not all of us get to put down the hammer, or the spear, when the sun sets, Kada. How long have you been lazing around here soaking up the heat?"

Kada laughed, watching the whipcord woman enter the tub with more than just a friendly stare. She delighted in the tight curves and rigid lines of muscle that defined the younger woman and it made her feel warm in ways the marvelous tub couldn't.

"Long enough to get bored watching the men wrestle."

As she said that the sound of a few people cheering let Basura know that one of the two orcs had successfully pinned the other in place. She curiously glanced around as she continued talking, wondering how far this bout would go. Clearly the victor had decided he had more in mind from the loser than just to lord over him that he was the better wrestler tonight. Basura could see him unwinding part of his linen wrap and freeing his dark green, uncut prick. Uninterested in watching the men play, at the moment, she turned back to Kada, "Have they been at it long?"

"Long enough, though I think those two are going to be late to the palisade if he takes too long." Kada replied, glancing briefly around Basura before returning her gaze back to the slender woman working her way down into the hot water, finally standing on the submerged seat and letting the water cover her thighs just below that wiry thatch of hair between her legs. Kada's mouth grew a little dry at that and glanced up at the guard while Basura sank into the water further.

"Ah... ah... they just filled this didn't they?" She asked as she finally let the water lap up over her taut abdomen. Her green hide flushed at the heat and she felt sweat break out on her face as she started to sink further, pausing as her nipples suddenly sank beneath the water and she could feel them burn.

Once she settled in Kada shifted her seat and drew closer, sitting close to Basura and sliding one calloused hand around the guard woman's waist under the water. Without hesitation Basura smiled and gazed down into her friend's eyes and leaned to kiss her thick lips, their tusks bumping faintly as Basura returned that embrace in the heat. She could smell the smoke of the forge on the shorter orc woman, the softer, thicker shape of Kada was extremely pleasant to the taut Basura, almost as pleasant as the older woman's comfortable company.

After the brief kiss Kada pulled back and smiled, "You soak, I can still feel the chill in you. If you feel like it, when you warm up, I'd enjoy wasting a little time with you down here before I go home."

The guard woman smiled and nodded, "I think I'd like that. I could use a little stress relief and not all of us have a husband to tend to us."

Kada chuckled, "You'll find one soon, I'm sure. Just have to make sure you don't break him when you do."

As she spoke, the blacksmith rose from the water, standing on the seat for a moment to start to grow accustomed to the cooler air and then lifting herself out of the tub. Where Basura was whipcord and sinew, Kada was the soft curves of motherhood over the bulk of having swung a smith's hammer her whole life. A handspan shorter than Basura she was likely half again as heavy. Basura drew an immense comfort from the woman, truly not overly interested in the council's inevitable pressure for her to find a mate. For now she was happiest with her female friends and foremost amongst them was Kada.

By now the sounds of grunting from the men in the center of the empty pool had reached a crescendo one cried out shortly before the other. Clearly both had enjoyed the aftermath of the bout, but instead of being able to savor it they were trying to clean up and leave before it was noticed they were absent from their places on guard duty. Basura knew them, Vindas and Lorak, and expected they'd be caught before getting to their posts. Though, were they lucky enough to make it, she felt no compulsion to report them. They were good fighters and winter watches were boring. Every clan was hunkered down somewhere and wouldn't dream of skirmishing again until spring. Warring now led to more dead by cold than by spear.

She put these thoughts out of her head as she rested back, water up to her chin, and could feel the heat stealing into her bones and banishing the midwinter's chill. It was like this Kada found her as the older woman returned some minutes later with a jug of cool water. She set it and the clay cup down near Basura and sat on the edge of the tub, only putting her feet in. She was close to overheating and instead poured herself some water to drink and casually reached to brush the hair from her friend's face.

"Better?" Kada asked after a few quiet minutes.

"By the gods, yes." Basura murmured, opening her eyes finally and gazing up over the impressive cleavage to Kada's brown eyes. "Every year it feels like winter lasts forever, but I swear this one feels the longest."

"Eh, the midwinter just passed, it'll be cold a bit longer but we'll have more sun soon. It'll be spring before you know it."

Basura smiled a little at the thought of spring. She turned in the water to put her back against the wall between Kada's legs where they dangled into the steaming water and the stocky woman idly brushed her curly black hair with her fingers. Basura and Kada relaxed like this for a time, the conversation dwindling as they simply enjoyed one another's familiar company and the gentle touches. Before long, though, Basura began to feel over warm and rose from the pool into the cooler air, sitting naked beside her friend. Kada took her turn leaning up against the lean woman, turning to kiss her shoulder and neck, the heat of the water still suffusing Basura. Kada moved slowly at first, to make sure Basura was interested in something more than just a soak, but grew bolder when the weapon-calloused hand slid around her waist stroked along her fleshy curves.

Basura appreciated the older woman, the softness that hid over the muscle of working the forge, and found the motherly curves Kada had earned only made the closeness sweeter. She intercepted Kada's thick lips, lifting the smith's attention from her shoulder and neck to her own kisses, the two women's tusks clunking gently to one another as they embraced. Those calloused warrior's hands rested only briefly on the smith's thighs and waist before following those stretch mark striped contours up to the underside of Kada's heavy breasts. Softer and far more lush than her own, Basura reveled in them.

At times Kada mourned, in a tiny way, the loss of how perky her breasts had been when younger, but counted it a good trade for her several children and the size of her tits that never quite went away after her pregnancies. Fleshy and warm, she filled Basura's strong hand and the fingers dimpled that soft, dark, earth-toned flesh, stroking the glistening skin and finding a fat nipple, like a hilltop fortress, already dark and craggy and hard. A caress on that rough, dark skin and areola made Kada groan against Basura's tusks and press forward, growing heated in a way that neither forge nor water could cause.

Heat, warmth, the soft and eager touches, gasps and then a withdraw, Kada pulled the younger woman's lips away from her breasts, panting softly as she stroked the soaked, wiry strands of hair from her younger lover's face and beamed down, "Do you want to put it on for me tonight, my fierce warrior?"

Basura chuckled, a brief look of consternation crossing her face as she gazed up, "By the spirits no. I was hoping you'd wear the antler. I've needed a good rut for days." She lifted her hands up to stroke beneath Kada's full breasts, thumbs once more brushing the hard nubs of her dark green nipples. "We could wrestle for it, if you want."

Kada gave a stifled moan at the teasing, her wiry black thatch already wetter now than it had been after she got out of the hot pool. She bit her lip with a tusk and drew back, hands pushing Basura away as she laughed, "Cracked ice, fine, wrestle you for bottom then." Basura grinned up as Kada stood, squatting to help the younger woman from the pool.

Once out of the water, the difference in height was obvious, with Basura a hand's width taller than the older woman, but far more slim. Kada gave Basura a smack on the toned buttocks as she teased, "Just because I have a mate doesn't mean I get a good rutting regularly either, I want to feel you over me, Bas."

They crossed to the now vacant circle of rushes in the middle of the floor, Kada pausing in the approach to pick up one of the carved antlers that had been polished smooth. The long knobbly, brown-white horn was glossy with care and hung from a leather harness that could be strapped around waist and thighs. She set it on the side of the mat and then moved stand across from where Basura gave her a smug look.

"Got the big antler, too, didn't you?" The younger orc woman teased as she squatted into a wrestling posture, sidling along as Kada crouched and they circled the center of the wrestling mat for a few moments, eying one another.

The two naked women circled on the mat, skin still wet and aglow in the steam and heat of the cavern. Then Basura sprung forward, meeting Kada in the middle as the older woman responded. The two came together and wrapped powerful arms around each other. Kada grunted at the feel of Basura's wiry frame pressing hard to her, the smith flexing her considerable strength and trying to work her way forward, seeking to carry the smaller woman from the ring.

Basura was far too wily and practiced in wrestling to allow such an easy victory, instead she hooked a heel around Kada's leg and dropped her weight to the side, falling but pulling down Kada as she was off balance. A moment of impact drove their slick, heated bodies up against one another and both were momentarily distracted at the electric feel of their already aroused forms sliding against one another while they struggled for an advantageous position on the ground.

Kada shifted, feeling Basura's strong legs wrapped tightly around her waist and the grind of the lithe woman against her, one arm was already out of position and it took her a moment to try and squirm on the floor, planting her knees. The two jockeyed for position for long moments before the smith could turn herself. She was genuinely astonished at the heat that ground against her waist, Basura's sex feeling as hot as a forge ember while she desperately struggled for control of the grapple. Coming to the conclusion that her friend was more pent up than she, Kada only gave token attempts to escape the advancement of the grapple that Basura had her in. Without being too apparent she simply allowed herself to be placed into a lock, Basura's arms wrapped around her own arm and neck, with Basura's legs providing the smaller woman the leverage to keep the larger locked into position. Another token struggle later Kada slapped the rushes to signal her submission.

"I yield, Bas, I yield. You got me." Kada said as the arm around her neck released, Basura sliding against her friend until she straddled her thighs, their pubic bushes rubbing together.

"Damn you're strong." Basura murmured as she leaned down to press a kiss on the "defeated" blacksmith, rolling her hips sinuously against the softer, wider, child birthing hips. Basura melted into that kiss as Kada pressed back to her, the older woman's big calloused hands squeezing her narrow ass as the two came together in a press of sweaty, slick green flesh. They ground together like that, kissing deeply enough to rub their tusks together as their nipples pressed against one another, pebbles grinding over one another. There was a mutual hunger to the kiss, and Basura's body was taut with need. Kada savored it, catching the younger orc's lower lip between her teeth and tugging on it gently while her calloused hands caressed their way down the length of the smaller woman's curves. Smooth, taut muscle hid beneath the slick skin, and the touch made Basura tense and squirm.

Kada raised her thigh, sliding it between Basura's long legs, and pressing up between her thighs to grind the smooth skin of her leg to the thick, dark thatch of hair and heated flesh hidden there. Basura leaned down and curled her slender fingers through Kada's dark hair, kissing harder as he ground herself against that soft thigh, having ached for this kind of intimacy all day. Kada's hands held the guard's hips, pulling her down and trapping her to the grinding until Basura drew back from the kiss and panted, "Now how about my reward for winning?"

Laughing, the older woman leaned up to peck Basura's lips, "You'll have to let me up, first." 

Basura chuckled and rolled to one side, moving to lay on her back on the mat. Lazing comfortably, her hand slid down between her thighs to find the fat, swollen button hidden there. She ground it firmly against her pelvic bone in anticipation, watching Kada get up and walk, with more hip swaying than was strictly necessary, and crouch to pick up the knobbly, polished antler. The younger woman smiled and continued to tease herself by caressing her own excessive dampness over the thick nub, dipping two fingers into herself as Kada took the time to slip the well-worn leather straps around her thighs and waist, making that over-sized, carved antler phallus stand out from her groin, the tan and milk color of it a dramatic contrast to the dark olive hues and black, wiry hair that haloed the leather harness.

Kada swayed as she approached, the bobbing dildo a fat spear that rocked in counterpoint with her hips. She sank to her knees on the crinkling reed mat. "Someone's gotten started without momma Kada." She murmured as the larger woman leaned down and, calloused hands on smooth spring green flesh, pushed Basura's thighs apart, leaning down to growl as she kissed the source of that natural scent that roiled through the older woman's senses. Big hands held her little friend spread, exposed, cooler air teasing those wet folds in the brief moments before Kada attacked her sex with a surprising vigor.

Basura arched her back on the ground, gasping at the sudden assault with lips and tongue and the grinding of short tusks against the tender, thumb-fat clit. Without hesitation she reached down and seized the back of Kada's head, gripping those tight braids and rolling her slender hips up and against the matronly woman's probing tongue and tugging lips and the hard, smooth, warm pressure of those upturned tusks grinding that fat nub made her grunt loudly. "Oh spirits, Kada." She groaned as she bucked and rolled her hips to her lover's face, painting her with that honey and the need. When two strong fingers slid into her she couldn't help but clasp at them, gripping at them as the assault on her tender flesh didn't relent.

"No... stop, not yet." Basura gasped as she suddenly changed from clinging stubbornly to Kada's scalp to gently pushing her head back, the younger woman panting fiercely as she squirmed back a little.

Raising her head, Kada glanced up from where she had been feasting on the guard woman's pleasure. "Something wrong?" She asked as she still lazily stroked her fingers within Basura, thumb bumping and caressing a circle around the fat knob at the apex of Basura's pussy.
