 Sia slowly, gradually walks through the thick woods of Ashenvale, on her guard. She remembers this place, remembers having been here many times, having spied on the Alliance, the hated Night Elves and having killed quite a few in her time as Scout for the Horde. Now though, she wasn't adept with her blades anymore, that damned sickness contracted in Outland having made sure of that. Her divine powers were growing, but C'thun did not give everything at once. She had to earn it and she had to earn it through blood, sweat and hard work. But right now, she was still rather weak and she had to be on the lookout for scouts of the Alliance, lest she'd find herself subject to a surprise attack. She had a mission to accomplish here.

Vicious has been stalking Sia for a while now. Watching her as she makes her way down the dark paths of Ashenvale. The trees are gloomy, the shade dark and the air oppressive. The presence of the night elves didn't help. ...His appearance is sudden, as he moves through the trees, 'flanking' the scantily clad green woman, with her teasing, bouncing scantily clad chest, and that wiggling, firm but ample ass. And those cute tusks. No one could ignore those cute tusks. His entrance is sudden, as she passes by the bushes, a white blur erupting from amongst the leaves that would lunge at her, paws to thud against her shoulders, a surprisingly 'heavy' beast seeking to put her on all fours in the quick passing lunge that it makes.

Sia gasps, surprised. Darn it, even her senses have suffered from that episode in Outland and the resulting sickness. She stumbles, the heavy thud against her shoulders enough to make her trip and fall. Reflexively she puts her hands in front of her to catch her fall, landing, as intended by the attacker, on all fours, yelping slightly at the impact. She shakes her head, readying her defense and a spell to attack whatever it is that's attacking her even while she tries to push herself up. Her large, heavy breasts jiggle lightly from the fall, about to burst forth from the tight confinement of her top.

Vicious is a professional at stalking, though. In the lunging pass, the white blur of a form lands on the trail on the other side of Sia, tail whipping about as the massive white wolf twists about to face the heavy breasts, nearly helpless looking troll woman on all fours in front of him. Large tusks give the growling white wolf an almost feral grin as bright purple eyes narrow upon his prey... and Sia would realize, immediately, that this wolf does not belong here, as it has to be at least 'three' times the size of the other wolves in the area. Growling, the wolf, looking ready to leap again at any moment, begins to stalk around her in a slow, but mesmerizing, maybe terrifying, circle. ...Sia being the slut that she is, though, would probably notice that the wolf clearly is not looking for 'dinner.' The 'club' it wields is hard and swaying beneath it already, its' arousal quite evident even as it growls at the chosen bitch, to keep her in to keep her in place and in her 'proper' position.

Sia blinks lightly, her fingertips already tingling with shadowy energy, but she holds back, noting the...tool, this stalker presents. Her eyes follow the large animal slowly, the blood-red gaze following every step as it rounds her, stalks her and a slow, slight smirk spreads over her lips her tongue slipping out between her lips to slowly lick over them as she realizes what the intent behind this attack was. This wolf does not belong here, she realizes, though why it would be here she couldn't know. Has it stalked her...for the sole purpose of taking her. Quite thinkable, considering that hard cock and the thought of it manages to get Sia wet already, the thing strip of cloth between her legs dampening quickly.

Vicious can smell it on the air. The shaggy white-furred wolf can smell the slut's heat, her need to be his bitch, as he moves behind her, the wind carrying that strong tell-tale scent to him easily enough. One he is actually familiar with. Preferring troll bitches, the great wolf has indeed specifically targeted Sia, as he is QUITE overdue with meeting her by now. Heavy hung, with a cock to rival even Mister Smite's back aboard the Bloodsail boat, never mind that heavy knot, Vicious has been waiting too long for this, to meet this new bitch. He lunges again, coming from behind her the moment she turns her head to try to follow him... she would find paws heavy on her shoulders, to push the slut's tits against the cold rocky path even as his neck bends, jaws, carefully but surely, seeking to lock around Sia's neck, to hold her in place as, in defiance of that thin thong in the way, Vicious begins to rut against her ass. 

Vicious is only excited by the thin strip of cloth that tries to block his passage, his heavy shaft rubbing against Sia's wet cunt again and again as he growls against her, using his massive weight to keep her pinned beneath him. But, of course, he came for some pussy, and some pussy he will have. Hips bunch for a moment, the head of that heavy, thick, long girth to press against the lips of her cunt through the fabric, before he lunges forward into her, quite literally seeking to fuck his way into her right through the cloth and likely tearing it.

Sia gasps slightly as she is pushed down hard, her heavy tits being mashed to the ground beneath her, hands seeking to hold her in place somehow, but not moving. Not just because of the jaws that are now locked around her neck, but also because she simply doesn't want to. The Troll-slut wants what the big wolf has in mind for her and the wetness of her pussy is more than enough proof of that. She moans as she feels that thick shaft press against the cloth covering her pussy and as the little bitch in heat she is, one of her hand finds its way between her legs beneath her, fumbling for a moment but then managing to tear aside the thin piece of fabric to free the way. She probably wouldn't have had to do it, the big wolf eventually would have ripped through it, but she doesn't want to wait!

Vicious didn't care if the thong was moved or not. He certainly would have punched through it either way around. Feeling that hot, wet pussy around his thrusting shaft, the wolf does not waste time... unlike humans, unlike humanoids, he does not feel the need to sink in balls deep in his bitch first. He'll just fuck his way in, whether she wants to loosen up or not. And surprisingly, Sia would find herself a tight fit for the growling wolf atop her, the wolf's haunches slapping against her ass now as he ruts against her, forcing that thick shaft into her cunt a few more inches with every rough rut. Her tits would rub roughly against the grit and stone as the wolf does not go easy on his bitch in the least, determine to fit his entire two feet (mind you, the wolf is BIGGER than a tauren) into this troll bitch somehow, some way. Now, whether he manages, is a different story, but he was rutting until the head of his shaft is banging against the back of her womb.

Sia gasped louder, a little scream escaping her lips as she squeezes her eyes shut, pain and pleasure intermixing as the huge wolf thrusts deeper and deeper into her, forcing its way into her and having his way with her as he pleases. She groans, but does not even think about trying to get away, instead, she even pushes her ass backwards, meeting his thrusts as she forces herself to loosen up further, , her fingers digging into the ground at her sides as she tries to stabilize herself somewhat against the rough and brutal strokes from the large wolf. Her hard nipples rub against the ground harshly, adding to the mix of pain and pleasure she is receiving from the wolf, all in all making her thrust back even harder, begging the wolf to fuck his little bitch as he pleases. Not that he wouldn't have done so anyway.

Vicious feels it in her body, in the way that his bitch tries her damnedest to thrust back against him. But no, this is HIS toy for the night. Jaws, teeth sharp and intimidating, clamp down that little bit harder, enough that any bucking on her part will definitely result in her hurting herself. His way of saying "MY cunt." Dominant, eyes narrowed, the shivers of his growling running through his jaws to cause her to tremble, clamped as they are... Vicious is pleased to find that the troll bitch can damned near take all of him, only a few inches unable to fit into that tight, wet, needy troll cunt. A good bitch and a good choice. His pistoning is rough, fast, and he uses his chosen slut for the night as a toy, as his hole to get off in, knowing she loves it but making a point as she milks his throbbing cock. But those hard thrusts aren't the main concern... as a knot that has to be at least twice as thick as the rest of that pistoning cock begins to bump jarringly against the lips of Sia's hungry, horny cunt, demanding entrance into her already tight confines.

Vicious removes his paws from the bitches shoulders, and they come to rest on both sides of her heavy tits, scraping at green flesh just a bit, as the great wolf flexes its' jaw. The pistoning pauses, for only a moment, as now he 'pulls' the troll woman up... quite expecting the bitch to obediently put her hands underneath her, to hold herself up so he can angle himself in deeper, to force that thick knot into her. Then, jaws tighten once more, and he leans forward, hips rutting, that knot slamming almost painfully against her lips as he's determined to force it into her.

Sia groans as she is forced to remain still, but obeys, feeling that she is getting what she needs in any case. Her tits still pressed hard to the ground, she digs her fingers deeper into the ground, moans of pleasure and gasps coming from her lightly parted lips, her eyes still squeezed shut, the pain still mixing with the pleasure, especially now that the even thicker bump pushes against her entrance, against her hungry, needy pussy. Being the slut she is, she obediently pushes herself up on her hands when she feels what he wants, her heavy tits now hanging open as the top was long since scraped off while being rubbed on the ground. Her nipples stand out visibly, little droplets of her milk dripping to the ground beneath her from the arousal she is feeling, from the heat running through her. Her gasps increase in volume as he continues to thrust into her, trying to force that knot into her and she wills herself to relax her pussy as much as possible, to allow that knot to thrust into her, wanting it, needing it, her arms shuddering beneath her as she barely manages to keep herself up right like that.

Vicious probably would just settle for fucking her without stuffing her if he was a little more rational. If he wasn't a wolf that smells a bitch in heat, a bitch in need of being used. Each jarring thrust, each time the fur on his belly scratches that firm, fine ass, which luckily gives some nice support for his rough thrusts... he did so hate bony asses... loosens her up that little bit more... until with a lewd, rather audible, 'wet' slurp, the whore's cunt finally manages to fit his knot in. The confines almost 'painfully' tight for the wolf, never mind Sia, Vicious growls in victory, but his brutal thrusts into her cunt do not diminish in the least. She could feel that knot working up and down her cunt now, with each thrust, the wolf working to seed and mark his bitch now as it begins to rise towards her womb. 

Vicious is a bastard, using his toy the way he is. He convinced her to get up, to get on all fours to help him push that thick, painful knot into her... no... HIS chosen cunt. And now? Now, he forces her back down again, bending forward as that knot stuffs her, fills her, himself getting close and wanting his bitch down and low to the ground as he ruts into her.

Sia couldn't have supported herself much longer on her shaky arms anyway, the mix of pain and pleasure driving her rapidly towards the edge of orgasm. She gives little yells of pleasure now, small tears forming at the corners of her tightly shut eyes, but she enjoys it, oh yes how she enjoys being used as the bitch she is. Her tits once again are being pushed down onto the ground, her hardened, leaking nipples rubbing roughly against the hard floor as her fingers dig, once again into the ground. One hand shakily moves back between her thighs, fumbling and then reaching for the wolfs balls, giving the huge wolf yet another stimulant as he ruts into her harshly. Her pussy, stretched as abused as it is loosens up only a bit more, but still squeezes that thick, hard knob inside her tightly as it pounds into her. Her body jerks with every thrusts, shivering and shaking on the ground as her senses spin with the sensations the thick wolf-cock is giving her, and she encourages him, begs him to use her as his slut, harder and faster, squeezing him with her tight cunt.

Vicious finally, FINALLY is on the verge. The wolf trembling, his thrusts becoming more and more erratic, Sia would feel that thick, climbing knot pushing against her womb, sealing her up, the knot swelling within her. The great white wolf finally releases her throat as he howls to the moon looming overhead, a loud, piercing howl that lets all the other wolves in the area know that this bitch is one GOOD fuck they need to try out, even as the knot of his shaft swells, and then thick gouts of scalding hot cum begin to fill Sia's no doubt already stuffed snatch. The thick knot seals her up, refuses to let that cum dribble out, and the great wolf has a lot of cum for this hot, milk-titted bitch. Sia would feel full, swollen almost, from that hot, thick cum resting in her womb as the wolf continues to rut against her despite being locked in her, determined to get every drop from his heavy balls into this needy slut, panting above her. And then, finally, after what must be several minutes, the great white wolf falls still atop her, panting and lying atop the bitch... after all, he won't be going anywhere until his knot loosens some. He licks at her neck, surprisingly 'playful' now, as he pants.

Sia 's senses cloud as she feels the thick, hot wolf-cum spill into her and that's enough to drive her over the edge and into a frenzied orgasm. Her hands claw at the ground as her own cry of pleasure joins into the howl of the wolf. Her entire body trembles almost violently as she cums, shaking beneath the still rutting, thrusting huge wolf, feeling her orgasm sweep her away in wave after wave of pure pleasure and bliss. She gasps and pants for breath, as the orgasm draws on, clawing at the ground at her sides, pushing herself back against his thrusts as much as he would let her until she slowly, gradually calms down after what seems to her like half an eternity. Moaning quietly beneath the now playful wolf, she barely manages to keep up on her knees, but enjoys the playful licks to her neck nonetheless. A shaking hand reaches up to brush through his soft fur as he licks her neck again and again.

Vicious is content to lie there with his bitch. ...And his mistress. The frost wolf howler whines, though it is not in fear but in a thankful tone, as Wyxt releases him from the Eyes of the Beast spell, the huntress not so sure if she should reveal herself where she sits on a hill not so far away. ...It also pleases Wyxt to find that the pleasure the beast found, she found in equal share, though from afar. She crosses her arms, as much to try to calm herself as because she feels smug, and decides she won't let Sia know she's returned the favor just yet.