 Kelly sat at her computer concentrating. Her story had come to a standstill. She knew where she wanted to go with it. Well, sort of anyway. But now she had nothing. The details that had been so clear on the last page were now blank. A tiny voice from her past kept telling her, "Draw on your experiences and memories!" 

But she couldn't conjure up any specters from her past or memories that would tie in to where her tale needed to be. Her mind wandered and she started to wonder where that phrase had originated. Draw on your experiences and memories!

Had one of her teachers said it? Had she read it in a book of quotes and passages? Maybe a lover had once whispered it into her ear? She laughed and shook her head. Why would any guy say that to her in the middle of a romantic moment?

This is stupid, she thought to herself. She was at an impasse. At least she was trying to keep it carnal. After all her story was supposed to be an erotic one. Though at this point it could easily go the way of bad notes, or radically changed plotlines. It was too early to tell, but the frustration was mounting.

Kelly shook her head again. 

She wasn't going to let a little writer's block stop her. She'd force the story and correct errors later after her creativity was once more unleashed from this terrible stalemate. Maybe it was the environment.

Kelly was house sitting for a friend while she was on vacation. A nice place actually. Very large and modern in it's architecture and yet decorated in a more Victorian style. Or perhaps it was better described as a mildly Gothic décor. Either way it was a house with a sort of split personality. By day the large windows and elegant curtains streamed sunlight into the place reflecting off of the creamy white marble floor tiles.

But by night the large house with its great windows became dark and intimidating. The long shadows of the curtains and furniture during the fading sunlight in the evening lent an uneasy feeling to the place. Even as the automated lights kicked in and the place lit up, there was a strange vibe in the air. One that Kelly was eager to avoid disturbing.

She had been engrossed in overcoming the block when her mind began to feel ill at ease. She turned from the computer and looked around the bedroom. It was large and warmly lit with a beautiful canopy bed in the middle of the far wall. A very comfortable bed as she recalled from the last time she had house sat.

As she thought about it her attention caught a small movement. The philodendron on the nightstand beside the bed. Some of the leaves moved as if a small animal were in the glazed ceramic planter moving around just beneath the leaves and making them twitch.

The thought of a mouse or other pest in the house bothered her. Even more so because it was right next to the bed where she was going to be sleeping in a while. She looked around for something to swat it with if it was a bug. Ewww what a sick thought. It better not be a huge roach. That would totally gross her out and the thought of an insect large enough to make those leaves twitch was quite disturbing. 

She took a deep breath and forced herself to grab the plastic wrapped newspaper she'd been gathering from the front yard and approached the plant cautiously. Yet as she got to within four or five feet of the plant the twitching stopped. Tentatively she approached and turned on the light.

With the strong illumination now over the philodendron she could clearly see the base of the planter. There was nothing there. No mouse, no bug, nothing to see. It was quite odd she thought. She looked behind and around the planter but there was nothing there. Could it be something in the substrate? She tapped the side of the round low ceramic planter but all was quiet.

She shook her head again feeling a bit silly. If there was something living in the planter under the soil tapping it would hardly make it come up she reasoned. Hell if she were a small critter trying to hide in the dirt, tapping the container would only make her hide more and be still. She studied the soil but there were no holes or small mounds to indicate that something had burrowed down in the first place.

What an odd distraction. She left the light on and returned to the small desk to try to work more on her story. She would try once again to force the writing. Push past the block and make things flow. She started to type. It was nonsense really. A trick to make her story muse kick in and take over.

But now she heard a sound. A strange and soft humming sound came from behind her. She turned to look but there was nothing in view to make the noise. It seemed to be coming from behind the headboard of the bed. She felt a strange warm sensation that tingled down her back and made her torso shudder involuntarily. When the shudder stopped the soft humming buzz had vanished too.

Maybe it was fatigue? She was feeling very tired and worn down. The story was going nowhere fast, and her frustration might have been playing hell with her senses causing her to hallucinate or perhaps distort reality. She needed a break. Maybe some rest would allow her to start fresh. But not all night. She had work to do. She was always up when others slept. A night owl of sorts. She'd take a short nap and continue her work.

Kelly set the alarm for 2 hours and slipped out of her blue jean shorts. Then took off her tank top and bra and pulled the elastic hair scrunchy away from her ponytail allowing her soft honey brown hair to fall across her shoulders and upper back. She stretched her arms and arched her back working the kinks out from sitting at the desk for several hours. 

I could use a masseuse right now, she thought as she rubbed her neck and shoulders and craned her head slowly from side to side. Then she smiled. She could use a man for more than just that she mused. 

A lover could both relax her and fuel her creativity later on. Wouldn't that be nice? But right now there was no such person. She wasn't seeing anyone, and even if she had been, she wasn't sure she'd want to bring a stranger or a lover to her girlfriend's house. If they turned out to be an ass, the last thing she'd want was some idiot guy bothering her friend because he thought she lived here.

She frowned.

Why did that sort of thing pop into her mind and spoil this moment? I'm my own worst enemy at times, she told herself. But even so there was a way to get a little stress out and relax again before napping in earnest. She went to her purse and dug out her vibrator.

Maybe a little time with her "magic wand" as she called it, would help put her into a proper mindset. At the very least she could orgasm and get some of her sexual tension out of her system. And after all it could actually be the root of what was cutting off her creative writing gifts.

She went to the kitchen and got herself a glass of water. Then mixed in some Crystal lite powder to flavor it before returning to the bedroom. Always keep hydrated her friend Shelly had told her back in college. 

Shelly dated a lot as she recalled and told her, if you're well hydrated, you don't need to worry about getting dry at the wrong time, and you can pee afterward, which is always healthy. And even if you're just playing with yourself, a good bit of fluid in your system insures that you will get up in the morning when the alarm goes off and you've got classes to attend, even if you are worn out and relaxed.

She smiled. It'd been a while since she remembered her old college roommate and girlfriend. Shelly had been quite an experience. Some folks called her a slut, and maybe she was a bit overly promiscuous. So what? She'd been a real decent friend and they'd had more than a few adventures together, including some sexual mishaps that had greatly enhanced her own sex life. 

Now as she strove to write erotic literature among other things, those experiences with horny guys who'd either been introduced to her or mistaken her for Shelly in the darkness of their dorm room had become the material from which erotic writers of either gender take their inspiration. 

As she took off her satin thong panties and sat down on the mattress she recalled those wild party days. Horny guys and gals doing all sorts of stuff to and with each other. She laid back and turned on her vibrator then rubbed it with a small bit of easy glide lubricant. She closed her eyes and turned off the lights. 

The buzzing sex toy tingled as it made contact with her sensitive warm skin. She brought it closer to her labia and pressed it to the hood of her clitoris. 

She jumped a bit. It was always a greatly anticipated moment. That first magical touch that filled her with pleasure in an almost electric way.

She remembered the orgy as she had called it. Shelly had simply referred to it as a six-pack party. Three guys and three girls. But it was originally a study group. Only someone had triggered a fire alarm in one of the buildings beside the campus library. 

That meant that every building next to the one with the alarm had to be evacuated. Students and faculty left the library and the six of them at Shelly's prompting had remained behind to "study" in peace. Even a false alarm would take the school and fire fighters investigating a few hours to sort through and to clear.

During that time they would be locked in to the library and have the place all to themselves. They avoided the two staff librarians by hiding in a conference room that was not in use and waiting until the staff members locked the doors. Kelly smiled. 

She and Sarah and a boy named Martin had figured it was a real alarm in the neighboring building and they were just playing around so that they could continue to study and work in spite of the lock down. But Shelly had coaxed someone into pulling the alarm and she and the other two guys, Tate and Steven, had had plans of their own.

It was Kelly and Sarah's first six-some as Shelly teasingly said later on. Everyone had split up to make sure that the staff was clear and they had the place all to themselves. 

But when they returned to the group workstation Tate and Steven had Shelly lying across the table with her skirt hiked up and her hot pink thongs lying on the chair. As Tate stood between her legs with his jeans and underwear around his ankles and knees respectively, Steven had her head turned sideways near the edge of the table. He was holding her face steady as she performed oral sex on him. 

Kelly, Sarah, and Martin had all three stood there wide-eyed and fascinated as they watched the two guys screwing Shelly. It was Martin who first recovered as Kelly remembered with a smile. 

His left hand and arm craning around from behind her. Moving up under her shirt to cup her right breast in its soft lacey bra. His right hand fumbling with her belt buckle and the brass button and zipper to her jean shorts. She had been surprised back then that the mild mannered nerdy Martin would make such a bold move. But he had.

His right hand soon slid between her panties and skin as he brushed past her soft curly pubic hair and brushed her warm damp petals. As he touched and fingered her she remembered closing her eyes and gasping. Sarah had seen her now and seemed stunned. She remembered the verbal outburst.

"Oh my God! What is everyone doing? This was supposed to be a study group!" 

Steven had taken off his pants and underwear and then approached the reluctant and shocked blonde girl. Shelly had opened her eyes and watched him walk her backwards as if terrified of the erection that now pointed at her as if it was a weapon. 

Kelly smiled inwardly as she remembered what he had said.

"We ARE studying. Believe me Sarah, there's a lot I want to study and learn girl!"

By then Steven had backed her up to the table edge and Sarah was leaning back away from him when he suddenly kissed her passionately pulling her closer.

As he kissed the girl Kelly giggled openly because Sarah's legs kicked out a bit on either side like a frog having its reflexes checked. Her ass was scooped up and lifted onto the table edge and as the kiss broke apart she saw Steven pull Sarah's panty crotch to one side and enter the confused blonde.

"We are NOT going to fuck Steven!" She had insisted rather unconvincingly. 

But he was already moving in and out of her.

She gasped and groaned. Kelly remembered how quickly Sarah's wilder side had come out. Two minutes of sex and the girl was begging him to do it harder and faster. She was quite the freak once she opened up and Steven seemed aware of it right from the start.

Kelly could remember how Martin had gone from a seemingly shy and quiet guy to a very strong and demanding lover. How he'd turned her to face him and kissed her. But then the way he'd pushed her back and pointed to the carpeted floor of the library. 

Three simple words spoken with such commanding force she obeyed it as if it were expected and vital. 

"On your knees!"

Nervously she knelt and opened her mouth as he grasped the back of her head and pushed his thickening shaft into her mouth. He was firmly forceful and she felt him swelling and thickening as she licked and sucked on him.

Soon after the blowjob she had found herself on the table with the other two girls. All three of them getting fucked hard. There was no tender love making then. It had been all carnal lust. Guys and gals working out their needs. It was a time of firsts for her.

Her first time with two different female lovers touching and licking and sucking on her body. Their tender passion and soft energy offset by her first double penetration. 

Tate and Steven had done this to her on the floor. She'd been straddling Tate who was holding her thighs and thrusting up into her as she slowly bucked and ground back, when Steven pushed her forward, pinning her to Tate's chest. 

She remembered resisting the sudden move initially and Tate then holding her torso firmly to keep her still and pinned to his chest.

Then came the oil dripping down her butt crack. An oily finger probing her rectum and her vain attempts to tighten her muscles to stop the anal penetration. 

She remembered the sharp stretching pain that lasted for a good five minutes before easing as Steven worked his way deeper into her ass. Then she remembered the explosion as Tate released her torso and began moving again. 

His fingers now cupping and squeezing her bare breasts and firm nipples. While Steven reached around to rub and jiggle her clit with oily fingers.

His own erection pumping wildly into her body. She could feel both shafts pistoning in and out. It was maddening pleasure. Delightful, wild, and frightening all at once. Shelly added to the stimulation by licking her neck and raking her skin softly with long fingernails that tickled her flesh.

Kelly gasped as she began to shake and opened her eyes from the warm memory of that wild encounter. She'd just wanted to buzz her clitoris but found herself trusting the magic wand deep inside of her body. 

She tried to envision a guy getting purely carnal with her. Tried to capture that climactic explosion of power and merciless drive that so many guys had.

In the darkness of the bedroom with her buzzing toy sliding in and out of her body she struggled to keep a strong grip on the device without letting her wrists get too worn out. She wanted to try for a big orgasm now that she was turned on. She gasped. 

"C'mon magic wand! Fuck me like you mean it!" She demanded.

The wand was starting to sputter and slow. She'd forgotten to recharge it! She gasped in annoyance.

"No, No, NO! Not now! I need you to fuck me with everything you got!" She exhaled as it died down.

"DAMN IT!"

She continued to stroke it but her wrist and grip was tiring. Of all the rotten timing! She gasped and dropped the wand as she lay back with her arms and legs spread out and panting. She was so close. But now she was out of juice and out of power to finish the job. What a sucky way to end the evening!

As she lay there catching her breath she heard a soft buzzing hum from the wall above her head. She turned her head and looked up to the wall.

What the hell was that sound? More screwed up shit? 

She rolled over and listened. It almost sounded like a pattern or tune. It was somewhere in the wall it seemed. What the hell could it be?

She got on her hands and knees and listened to the sound by pressing her ear to the wall and closing her eyes. But now she felt something on her wrists.

She looked down and saw the curtains to the canopy bed were wrapped around either wrist. In fact not just wrapped but knotted. Her wrists appeared knotted to the lower headboard. 

Kelly tested one with a soft tug and sure enough, her wrist was tied to the headboard. But how? She was all alone. Or was she? Panic set in and she looked wildly over her shoulders.

"Who's there?" She cried out. But the room was still and empty.

"Who is this? Let me go! I mean it! Let me go right now or I'll scream!"

The room was still empty and the house was in a cull de sac. Too far from neighbors on either side to hear or help her. She'd have to get free herself it seemed. 

She started to lean forward to bite at the knots, but found that her waist was now bound and suspended by a tougher outer curtain from the canopy railing. He ankles too were bound to the footrest. Somehow she was tied up yet all alone in the house. 

Was it a poltergeist? The fear took her and she shook and trembled in a panic. 

"Please? Show yourself..." She cried in fearful despair.

Then she felt it. 

A light pressure on the mattress. The weight of another person it seemed along with the telltale creaking of springs as someone got into bed or onto the mattress behind her captive form. She wanted to look but was terrified to try.

After a moment though she had to know. Who was doing this to her? 

Kelly turned her head and was surprised to see dark purple vibrator moving like a slug or snake behind her on the mattress. She gasped, as it grew rigid and thickened. Then a soft buzzing started from the machine and it began to grow a form. 

I must be crazy or high, she thought to herself, but somehow she knew that she was neither. The vibrating dildo formed first a scrotum and testicles. Then a larger mass began to expand behind it. Legs took shape and lengthened. Powerful muscular masculine legs. The penis grew in girth and length and a torso sprouted upward from the growing purple mass.

Two arms and a neck followed. Then the face and hands formed. It was well muscled and aside from the strangely alien visage would have made a stunning statue.

But this statue was alive. Kelly gasped as she saw it watching her. A smile formed and the nude thing moved closer. 

In a panic she struggled and squirmed to free herself but the bindings held. The man thing lowered itself behind her and to her shock a warm and wet purple tongue snaked out to lick her labia while a finger touched her hood. 

Then suddenly it began to buzz sending erogenous pleasure shooting through her loins. The tongue worked both her lips and also probed and entered her vaginal walls tickling her unexpectedly. 

It felt familiar. Almost like her magic wand under a full charge. But different too. The shape and warm probing was like that of a horny and eager guy or girl with some oral skills.

Kelly gasped as she felt a strangely comforting tingle growing not only in her lower reaches but also along her back and neck. The purple creature was careful and gentle with her. And yet firm and unrelenting. A perfect match of give and take. But this was beyond weird!

Kelly tugged tentatively once again but her restraints held securely. She felt even more trapped and immobilized than ever before. 

The purple man's hands moved up her body unleashing a buzzing vibration from each fingertip that sent her into a wild shaking tremble. No man or woman had ever touched her like this before. In fact she was pretty sure this was impossible. Still she jerked wildly as her body fought to take in the stimulus overload. Pleasure filled her.
