 "It's not fair!"

"What's not fair?" Bren's head appears upside down as he hangs from his bunk to see what his roommate found so unjust. Shae watches his grey eyes fall to bare dark nipples before drifting across her dark bronze skin to her crotch where her long brown fingers were entwined in her dark curly pubes.

"You got to plough Dessa's sweet arse and all I got was scraps."

"I'm happy to service you if you think you missed out, though I thought you didn't like cocks?"

"Just because I don't like them in me doesn't mean I don't want one of my own.. Just want to fuck her the way you get to. Licking that sweet pussy is great, she tastes like peaches and wine dipped in honey, but I want to be in her the way you get to. I've seen her face as you pry her open. I want that sort of power."

Bren is smiling, "Maybe the mages in the North can help you out? Or at least some of the other wylvern riders might be able to find a way to satisfy your needs. Heard things get a bit wild up there."

"That's fine, when we get there, but I want to fuck a sweet arse now." Shae grabs at her crotch as she makes a lunging motion.

"You sure you know how to give what you've never had?" Bren grins.

"Can't be that hard, you seem to be able to manage okay." 

"Talking about managing, do you want a hand down there?"

Bren sees Shae become briefly self conscious about her hand resting on her pubes, her fingers slick with her juices, the self consciousness quickly gives way to her need for release "Sure, a hand would be nice, but a tongue would be better." Shae begins fondling her labia and lips, opening herself up as her fingers slide along the smooth channel either side of her clit.

Bren swings down from his bunk. Shae doesn't get the whole boy thing, nice soft girly girls are her speciality, but he's definitely the top of the 'not too bad for a boy' pile. Smiling she sighs as his powerful hands grip her thighs, she lifts her hand from her moistened cunt to grab his head by his long blond hair. Beard hairs tickle and scratch her soft inner thighs. A warm shot of pleasure shoots up her spine as his tongue slides along her already dripping slit. 

She pulls him by his hair and gives a little gasp as his tongue circles her engorged clit. She reaches for his right hand and guides his hand towards her waiting vagina, delight as his index finger sides in and massages her most opening. His tongue drives her deeper and deeper into a pit of pure ecstasy. With her other thumb and forefingers she pulses her nipple in time with the gyrations of his tongue. She arcs her back, driving her feet into the bed to lift her butt from the bed pushing her pussy further into his eager mouth. Shae gasps as a second finger slides into her, gasps find rhythm as Bren's clever fingers drive rhythmically into her making her tingle all over each time they push against her g-spot. 

With one hand she drives her nails into his skull and claws at her own nipple with the other. Bren's tongue laps her clit now blood filled and engorged. Gasps give way to moans, moans to yelps, the yelps to a scream as her body releases, pulsating shockwaves of sensation rock her body. 

Panting for breath Shae releases her grip on Bren's hair, he lifts his head and grins, her juices visible a slick sheen on his blonde beard. "You're going to miss having me as a roomie."

Shae smiles, "I guess I will. Do you need a hand now?"

He looks at her, "I'm on a total hair trigger right now, one stroke and I'll pop. Don't want to go getting cum on your sheets."

"If cum was meant to land on sheets we wouldn't have belly buttons... why don't you unload here." Her hand runs across her sculpted abs. 

Bren doesn't hesitate, he moves so his muscled thighs are astride her hips. She watched as he gazes down at her toned abs and her fantastic brown skin and beautifully erect nipples. Shae looks back at him, the years of hard training have shaped him well. She licks her lips as she watched him rub his glistening precum across the crimson head of his cock with his thumb. He is true to his word, Shae barely has time to for her fingers to explore the length and girth of his manhood before he squirts a stream of thick semen between her breasts. 

"Hey, I said belly button."

"You've seen me on the archery range, you know I always overshoot."

The both grin, Shae pushes in his thighs, "Come on, get off. I need to clean up and you need to go to sleep. Long journey tomorrow and I don't want to arrive at the Nor-Fort with bags under my eyes."

Bren clambers off, passing his shirt to her so she can clean up, "Thanks, no matter what you'll always be the greatest roomie."

"Nah, you'll find some young thing that wants that great cock buried deep in her snatch every minute and you'll forget about me totally," Shae tosses his now soaked and pungent shirt back to him.

"You'll be the one that forgets about me first." He climbs back into his bunk, "Goodnight".

...

Dust hangs in the air above the cart. Rough stones jostle the wheels as they move North. Shae leans against Bren her eyes pupils barely visible behind eyes that are almost closed. She is playing it cool On the opposite bench sit their companions, Mez and Roy. Mez is tall and wispy, slender fingers and long graceful neck. Shae knows they will have to compete to see which of them will rise amongst the ranks of the dragon riders, but Shae's mind drifts to other settings in which she would like to dominate her rival. 

Roy has his eyes on Bren, Shae can sense it. She smiles, she can see the dynamic, she lusts for Mez's pale form, Mez looks longing at Roy's hazel eyes, Roy's vision is locked on Bren and Bren is devoted to her. 

Shae breaks the silence, "This isn't going to work you know?'

Bren looks to her, his eyebrows raised in question. 

"Can't you see it, everyone in this wagon wants to fuck someone, but it's not the person who wants to fuck them."

Bren looks to Mez to watch her reaction, he is used to Shae's directness and lack of modesty, they have shared a bunk for the year and have spent more than a bit of time exploring their sexualities together, not to mention exploring the sexual desires and willing body of their sword master. Mez doesn't seem shocked at all by Shae's exclamation, though Roy squirms slightly and quickly moves his eyes from Bren.

Mez is the next to speak, her voice surprisingly strong for someone who appears so slight. "What if we make it work? What if we all fuck each other? That way no one misses out. The Nor-Fort has no rules about who can fuck who, once we are there we can fuck and fuck and fuck when we aren't on patrol."

Bren says, "Are you serious?"

Mez is earnest in her reply, "Yeah, every girl wylvern rider is offered a draught on arrival and then on the eve of each full moon, gives a month of protection to those who drink it. Quite handy otherwise there'd be dragon spawn everywhere, those things are supposedly irresistible. My sister has been a rider for three Summers, she said by the end of the first Summer she needed dragon seed nightly or she couldn't sleep through her desires. Even the boys that only sleep with boys succumb to their dragons, the mages believe the dragons forge their link to our minds through their seed."

"Fuck, I was told things were wild, but no one said anything about it being that wild." Shae is now sitting bolt upright, Mez now has her undivided attention.

"My sister said they are meant to keep it secret. Don't want the youngsters going too hard on each before they finish training. Talking about going too hard, Bren is that a dagger in your pocket or is that all you?"

Bren glances at the bulge visible in the cloth of his shorts, "All me."

"Fuck. As soon as we get to Nor-Fort you are going to have to stab me with that thing."

"You don't want to wait till after you've had the draught?"

"No, you're just going to have to watch where you leave your seed. You know belly buttons were invented for a reason..."

Shae's feels a redness on her cheeks as Bren answers Mez, "Someone might have mentioned that to me before."

Roy has been quiet the whole time, "Are you guys really comfortable with the idea of fucking everything that moves? Don't you want to find the right person and just be with them?"

Shae is the first to respond, "We're young and if war breaks out with the Djanx we may never be old. I'm all for exploring as many cunts as I can get my tongue into so I find the perfect one sooner rather than later." Shae looks to Mez as she speaks, taking the hint of a smile she sees as a sign of good things to come.

They feel the wagon slowing on the path. Shae lifts the heavy tarp that encloses the wagon to have a look outside, "I think we are here. Guess we'll have to discuss this more when we finish induction."

A face appears at the back of the cart, bright emerald eyes, shimmering scales on her neck and breast marking her clearly as dragonborn. She runs a long pointed tongue across her first lips before speaking, "Mmmm, fresh flesh. Welcome to the Nor-Fort. My name is Ulslaa I will guide you to your quarters and give you an introduction to our ways. Follow me."

The four youngsters need no prodding, they leap from the cart. Shae feels her cunt North as she watches Ulslaa's hips sway as she leads them up the stairs hewn into the rock that wind up the side of great wall. "I'm sure you'll find Nor-Fort to be all that you've heard and more, but I must remind you, never let yourself get too lost to the pleasures of the place. We are here to defend the realm first and foremost, anything else we choose to do must not interfere with that."

Shae stares at the dragonborn's barely covered butt cheeks tantalisingly close to her face as they climb the steep stairs and thinks that not giving herself to the pleasures must be much easier said than done. 

As if reading her mind Ulslaa turns to Shae, "Don't worry, I'll make sure you get a good taste of what you need when we reach your chamber." 

They continue to climb, the plains they grew up on a greeny blue smudge far below on the horizon. The valleys and steep slopes and sharp peaks of the mountains unfold before them as they ascend. It is only the allure of what waits inside for them that prevents Shae staying glued to the rail and drinking the magnificent landscape up with her eyes.

...

The interior of the fortress leaves the newcomers speechless. Soft light from mage-lamps bathe the halls and chambers.

Shae's excitement is hard to contain as they are shown an armoury, an array of armours and weapons like none she has ever imagined possible. Ulslaa picks up an ornate basket-handled back sword, its blade long and slender, the sharpened edge and point gleaming bright, "After you meet your dragons we'll return here so you may collect the weapons assigned to you. Once you have proven your knowledge and skill the masters at arms will help you find weapons more suited to your special needs."

"Talking about needs, ..." Ulslaa leads them from the armory along a short passage into a large chamber. Ulslaa passes a goblet full of a warm sweet drink to each of the new arrivals as they enter the room. An opulent round bed occupies the centre of the room, four bunks line the wall. "This is your chamber, here I will help ensure you are readied for accepting the dragon seed and the power it brings."

Ulslaa pushes the tiny skirt she is wearing from her hips and spins so she falls face up into the bed. Shae feels a welling in her body as she eyes of the curves of dragonborn warrior now naked on the bed, she scoffs down the contents of her cup, waves of crimson lust flash through her being. A quick glance to each side confirms the others are experiencing the same sensation. 

" Shae I felt your thoughts as we walked, come lie with me and let us make those thoughts a reality. What are you waiting for. My holes aren't going to stuff themselves, whose to be the first to savour the taste of dragon flesh?" Ulslaa looks to the others, "You lot shouldn't just stand there, there's plenty of space on this bed. I insist on only one rule, clothes are strictly forbidden."

Shae is thankful the journey was warm and she had decided to travel in only a light tunic and leggings. Her boots provide a moment of obstruction but within moments she is naked and pouncing upon her new instructor. The others are quick to follow, Roy and Mez on either side of Bren running their hands along his naked body.

Shae is straddling Ulslaa, the dragon scales rub against her thighs. She reaches for Ulslaa's magnificent breasts and savours their firmness before leaning forward for a kiss. Their lips meet, sending warm tingles shooting through Shae's spine. Uslsaa's tongue enters her mouth, running along her lips and tasting her tongue. 

Shae is amazed by the length and agility of Ulslaa's tongue . Their tongues entwined Shae feels the passion coursing through her body. Shae feels Ulslaa's fingers pursuing into her butt driving her wild. She feels as if her clit has became a wild beast giving orders to the rest of her body. She pulls her mouth away from the dragonborn, "I need that tongue somewhere else."

Shae wriggles around, moving so her head is above Ulslaa's patch and her own hips now straddle Ulslaa's head. Shae is leaning forward to taste the dragonborn's pussy when she feels the warm flesh of Ulslsaa's tongue brush against her labia, the shock is electric, she gasps with pleasure. Desire sweeps through her like a fire, she dives her face into Ulslaa's soft regions, soaking up the sweet aroma permeating her nose. The first taste of Ulslaa's sweet juices send waves of heat through Shae. The next second she screams with delight, Ulslaa's long tongue almost triggering an orgasm the second it flicks her clitorus. Shae struggles to focus on Ulslaa, she can do little but rest her tongue against the dragonborn's clit as she gyrates and quivers as Ulslaa's agile tongue explores and excites her pleasure centre.

Suddenly Shae finds herself being flipped onto her belly, Ulslaa is behind her, dragging Shae's arse up into the air. Shae gulps as Ulslaa's thumb rubs against her engorged clit and fingers drive into her dripping hole. 

More gasps, this time not from her. She looks up, from this position she can see Mez, also on her knees, Roy's cock between her lips as her tongue dances around its bulbous head while Bren pounds into her from behind. Ulslaa's ministrations and the show in front of her push Shae to the very limit, sudden intrusion of the hot wet tip of Ulslaa's tongue into her butthole brings the energies to a crescendo. She cries out, sweat and tears of joy pour down her cheeks, over and over she exclaims, Shae cries the names the Old Gods and those of the Spirits that Watch, Ulslaa taking each orgasm as a chance to drive her tongue deeper into Shae's greedy arse triggering a fresh tsunami of joy. 

By the time the dragonborn relents Shae is spent, barely able to hold onto consciousness. She looks across the bed, her fellow travelers lie squeezed together sharing kisses as they lie gleaming in the candlelight.

Ulslaa lies down next to Shae, her hand delicately cupping her face, "Welcome to Nor-Fort fierce one, remember this feeling, this will pale to insignificance once you have ridden a dragon but I want you to remember me. I see greatness in your future, keep me by your side and no throne you sit upon will ever be lonely."

Shae puzzles over Ulslaa's words as she fades into sleep. 

...

The peeling off bells reverberates through the tower. Voices ring out, the others are almost dressed and ready before Shae drags herself from the bed. 

"No time to waste, we are being taken to the dragons. Clothes on and let's go," Bren is in a good mood, Mez and Roy must have satisfied his needs.

Shae pulls on her garments and rushes after the others.

"Have fun last night?", she playfully slaps Bren on the butt ass she catches up to him.

"I can't believe you slept through so much. Ulslaa joined in with us after she drained you. Wouldn't let us sleep till she had her full of all three of us. Said it was important we be properly prepared for today."

"How does getting fucked senseless prepare one for riding a dragon?"

"I don't know, but I guess we are about to find out."

They are lead into an open courtyard. It is the largest built space Shae has ever seen. Large enough for archery practice or for a small village. A whooshing noise greets them. Akin to a storm or the crashing of waves but somehow softer and more controlled. It comes closer. Shae follows the sound up, a flight of five wylvern approach. The wylvern land on the courtyard making it suddenly feel much smaller. They are not huge as such, wingspans not more than the width of five men lain end to end, but their energy makes them seem much bigger. They rest upon their haunches, long rear legs tucked under their waists, their forelimbs, long clawed wings rest lightly on the ground to stabilise them as they sit.

Uslsaa clothed in blue amour is seated on the matching hued back of the lead dragon. "Come closer meet your wylvern they won't bite unless they decide you're a threat."

Shae moves first, Bren and Mez follow closely, Roy hesitates before approaching.

"Which one is mine?" Mez says her voice sharing the nervousness they all feel.

Ulslaa smiles, "Listen, feel the call, they have chosen which of you they each want. You are as much theirs as they are yours, when you are close enough you will know."

Shae feels it, great red wylvern to Ulslaa's left, a male judging by the ponderous appendage hanging beneath it's loins is calling her. She feels the call, hearing it in her mind and body. As she draws closer she feels her blood quickening, desire floods through her as she gazes into the dragon's deep fiery eyes, "Come closer little fierce one. Come closer so we may share the secrets of the time before and the time to come." The voice echoes within her bones.

Shae approaches the beast, lays her hand upon its side, "I am Kinaane, you Shae shall be mine and I shall be yours. Ready?"

"Yes."

"Good, disrobe and climb to my back and we shall begin the Ritual of the First Flight."

Though surprised by the request Shae finds herself readily shedding her tunic, her eyes catch Bren's muscled form as he does likewise next to his chosen dark green mount.

"Ahh yes, here and now. Under the blessing of the bright sun we must begin our journey towards becoming one. Every flight we do together is a ritual till either we die in battle or you complete the transition from human, through Dragonborn into wylvern yourself."

Naked she moves to mount the dragon climbing up the short spines along its back. "Where do I sit?"

"Up as high as you are comfortable, snuggle in tight and my body will accommodate you binding us together."

Shae does as she is told, once between the dragons wings she presses her body against its warm scales, her legs hug the mighty chest her head pressed against the graceful neck. The warmth spreads, her body tingles where it touches the dragon scale. She feels a change under her belly and hips, the dragon contouring itself around her. Another feeling, a firm pressing against her thighs as the dragon scale grips them. The dragon rises with her on its back and the sensation of the dragon scale gripping her increases with each stroke of its mighty wings. They rise into the sky, soaring into the clouds, Shae gives out a mighty whoop as fly higher and faster.

Shae looks down, dragon scale is stretching from the dragon over her thighs waist and chest, a realisation, Ulslaa is not wearing armour but is covered in living skin of her mount. Shae feels the covering skin move over her. It presses against her mound, the divine feeling of the warmth triggering her, she goes from curious to aroused in an instant. 
