 Sia walks a while with Wyxt, out of Gadgetzan, past a few Bruisers, giving them playful winks as the two Troll-ladies pass. Out of town they go and into the actual wilderness, the endless sands of Tanaris. She keeps her hand resting on Wyxt's bottom, smiling to herself as she does so, enjoying for the moment, just walking with her wife, feeling her lovely body. Though of course, the thoughts of her plans do keep her aroused, visibly so, her nipples still pushing through the fabric of her top.

Wyxt ponders, as best she can with one hand full of hot troll booty, and the other resisting the urge to touch herself... instead, she gropes and kneads Sia's right breast idly as they walk. She 'suspects' Sia has something in mind, which is nice... Wyxt likes to be surprised just as much as the next crazy troll lady. She vaguely considers calling out to Troggy as two fingers hook in Sia's cleavage, and promptly pull the top down to expose both of those ample green tits and the exotic tattoos on them, and Wyxt seems content to, for the moment, just walk, feel, and be felt, of course, grinning a bit cheesily. After a while, though, naturally... "Y' 'ad somethin' y' want'd t' talk 'bout love?"

Sia grins playfully and inclines her head, giving a little eep as her tits are freed of their confinement before she grins to her beloved wife and shakes her head. "Nah, nothing really...dun have ta tell ya I love ya more than anythin' in the world, right? Ya know that sweets...And that I'd do anythin' for ya....ah crap...wait a sec 'ere..." she winks playfully and disentangles herself from Wyxt. "Jus gotta go check sumthin..." and she leans forward to kiss Wyxt lightly before she dashes off, soon to vanish behind a rock-formation. Instead of continuing on, she pauses. her keen eyes spotted something very well-suited for her plans. A traveling Centaur loped along the path not far from them. Quietly, she closes her eyes and begins concentrating, summoning up the energies C'thun grants her.

Wyxt looks confused, though amused and pleased, as Sia takes off running, all bouncing tits and wiggling ass, looking cute and sexy as hell. The huntress sniffs lightly, then frowns, something odd on the air. "...Tanaris reall'h ain't a safe place t' let 'er run off, is it..." she mumbles. Still, her ears are sharper than most and so are her senses, and it is with an amused look that she glances over her shoulder in the general direction of Varrain and Morvran both. Still... she moves somewhat slowly after Sia, moving to the edge of the rock formation and simply listening for any potential trouble.

Sia grins wickedly as the spell works as intended. The Centaur gets a rather blank look in his eyes and begins to run towards her. She concentrates, but still lowers herself down on one of those rocks nearby. She knows Wyxt will come looking for her in a moment, knowing that Tanaris can be a dangerous place and caring for her. A soft smile comes to her lips at that though and even more determination to give her something good today. She knows Wyxt loves to watch...so she'll get a real good show today. The Centaur approaches now, slowly, his blank stare fixed on Sia as she leans back, holding onto the Mind Control spell slightly, just enough to issue simple commands...and one of those commands the Centaur begins to follow immediately, rushing up to the half-naked Troll lady, large, rough hands beginning to fondle her naked breasts while she reaches down below the Horse-man to find his cock, beginning to stroke it lightly.

Wyxt hears the sound of hooves on the sand, a sound that can only promise trouble of one sort or another. Gasping, and fishing about for a bow that isn't quite there, Wyxt shakes her head, then, figuring if it came to it, she could box out any creature roaming Tanaris, she rushes around the side of the rock formation... ...to stumble and abruptly fall to her knees in surprise at the sight of a huge centaur fondling her beloved even as Sia strokes that thick equine shaft. ...And she can't blame him for being aroused already, what with half naked troll women just running through the desert. "..Wha?" Wyxt sits there in the sand, looking a bit confused, but, needless to say, immediately interested and not so hasty to finish off the centaur suddenly.

Sia seems not to notice Wyxt yet, intent as she is on maintaining her spell and on stroking the rapidly hardening Centaur cock which grows to a rather impressive size under her expert touch. She moans quietly as he continues to fondle her large breasts, squeezing and massaging them while one of his hands moves down to fumble with her thong, pulling it down. Sia helps in that, lifting her ass off the stones just enough for the thong to go down easily before she settles back fully, lying down on the stone and making the Centaur come closer to her side, close enough for her to reach out, grab is hock and pull him even closer as she puts the tip of her tongue to the large shaft, licking it teasingly. The horse-man groans in his mind-controlled arousal and continues to fondle one of Sia's breasts while his other hand moves between her legs which spread willingly to expose her soaking wet pussy to anyone who might be watching.

Wyxt doesn't spot the druid first... after all, he 'is' decently camouflaged against the sand, if not so much the dark brown rocks around them all. The human, on the other hand, is not so fortunate in his spying. "...Damn mon, girl can't ev'n get 'er private peep show in private these days!" She acts as though she's upset, glancing Morvran's way... though for only a moment, as she looks back to her beloved, and slowly, but surely, crawls forward just a bit, her own heavy breasts swaying beneath her. She, though, realizes Sia is in the thrall of her spell, and, hot though it might be to see the centaur take her of his own will, she didn't want to risk the danger of him being pissed over the spell Wyxt not recognizes. ...So, despite the urge to come forward and touch her beloved, Wyxt takes the gift as its' offered. A lovely show. One hand between her own legs, the other rubbing her chest lightly, Wyxt watches from where she sits in the sand.

Sia moans a little louder as the Centaur now leans down to put his head between her wide-spread thighs, his tongue lashing out to lick over her smooth thighs first before he goes right for the prize, licking up the already leaking juices from her pussy. She moans, her tongue trailing along the large hard rod in her hand, a string of saliva leaking from the edge of her mouth tho the stiff rod as she works expertly on it, the small tusks grazing the sensitive skin playfully, arousing the centaur even more. It's a struggle for her to maintain her concentration, but she doesn't have to control much anymore, the centaur's own horniness playing wonders to make the spell easy on her. Her free hand reaches up to squeeze her breast, massaging it while her mouth continues to work on the centaur, her tongue trailing in circles around the cock's head before she wraps her full lips around it.

Wyxt lets her jaw slowly drop. ...She had known she was going to love Sia's new calling... after the sickness, a priestess of C'thun just seemed so fitting at the time, and goodness knew the hunter never felt more powerful than when a powerful healer was walking at her side. But this... this just invited all kinds of new ideas and dirty, seedy things to play with. When her slutty, loving wife wraps her lips around that thick shaft, Wyxt resists, just barely, the urge to drool (she is a lady after all), and closes her mouth, fingers seeming horribly inadequate for what she suddenly needs herself... but they'll just have to do! She rubs at her own wet puss through that metallic red thong, shivering as she moans, but dark red eyes never leave the hot, beautiful sight before her... after all, everyone knows Wyxt LOVES to see Sia in action.

Varrain makes a glance towards Wyxt watching her, smiling seeing her response to the show as well, the druid stays where he is though, watching the show Sia is giving, though the tauren had no love for the Centaur, he was quiet jealous of its position currently.

Sia smiles briefly before she lets the shaft slide into her mouth, the centaur moving to help her with that willingly. She takes him in as far as possible, relaxing her throat as she takes him in deeply, her lips strained from enveloping the huge cock of the horse-man before she lets it slide out again fully, moaning lightly, bits of pre-cum clinging to her lips which she licks up hungrily and then slips her lips around that cock again, beginning to move her head slowly, quite obviously knowing what it is all males liked in that regard. her hand continues to squeeze her tit, milking it and indeed, a few droplets of her milk already leak out of her hardened nipple, her arousal at the thought of the sight she would be for Wyxt growing rapidly. The Centaur meanwhile concentrates on the duty at hand, his tongue lashing out to lick over her pussy, licking up her juices and toying around her clit, eliciting little gasps from Sia, muffled by the large piece of cock-meat in her mouth.

Wyxt wants to suck on Sia's nipple, to lick up that hot milk, and to feel her beloved as her beloved sucks and swallows around that thick, hot girth... but she also can't deny that watching from afar ain't so bad, either. Fondling one breast herself, squeezing and kneading, her other hand between her legs, two fingers pushing between her wet pussy lips already, Wyxt shudders a bit, and not for the first or last time, wishes she had brought Trogdor out... he was better than fingers, at the least, and she wants to full concentrate on the scene before her. Rubbing herself, trying to remain stable and control herself, Wyxt bites her lower lip as Sia goes to work, her beloved the hottest slut Wyxt has ever seen and loved.

Sia moves her head a bit faster now, tusks grazing over the sides of the cock in her mouth, sucking it hungrily with obvious need in her motions. Yes, she wants this and knowing Wyxt watches her only makes her more willing and more needing to have this centaur cum all over her. She squeezes her breast tightly, milking more drops out of that hardened nipple, causing the milky white liquid to dribble over her large bosom between her breasts and down to her stomach. The centaur, by now all for the little fun he was "forced" into, licks up Sia's juices between her legs continuously, grunts coming from his lips as he shivers, obviously unused to being sucked like he is now. His body trembles as he continues to lick at her swollen lips and clit then reaches around her thigh to thrust two fingers inside her pussy which makes her arch her back somewhat and another stifled moan escaping her lips.

Wyxt knows Varrain is there, being the tracker that she is.. and Sia 'had' invited him to follow, after all. But she can't quite bring herself to call him over just yet. ...It just seems right to just 'watch.' At least for now. That, and Wyxt isn't so sure she needs to fuck to get off tonight, because just watching Sia in action is hot as hell in its own right, and her fingers can't seem to stay away from her own wet pussy as much as she's struggling to keep herself calm. "...Centaur's gonna 'ave th' best fuck o' 'is life while mind controll'd, poor bastard..." she grins a bit, slipping a little closer, wanting to be close enough to hear all those cute sounds and the dirty sounds of fucking when it gets down to it, licking her own lips at the sight before her. She does offer encouragement now, speaking, just loud enough to be heard.... "I love ya, slut Sia." ...Hah, a new nickname!

Sia bucks her hips a bit as the Centaur starts to thrust his fingers inside her and Sia squeezes his fingers tightly with her pussy, but he soon adds a third finger to fill her out more. She moans greedily, sucking on that huge cock between her lips, her one hand stroking the shaft as she does so, alternating between that and massaging the centaur's balls expertly. Her lips wrap tightly around the large shaft, little driblets of saliva mixed with pre-cum dribbling down her chin and neck as she does so, moving her head faster and more demandingly now, wanting the centaur to cum, fill her mouth with his hot load. She still keeps on massaging her breast, squeezing it, pinching her nipple while more milk leaks out slowly, continuing in a steady small stream down between her breasts.

Sia gasps softly, feeling the centaur just about ready to cum. She intensifies her sucking a little more at that, her head bobbing back and forth, letting the shaft slide in as deep as possible, hitting the back of her throat with each thrust the centaur is offering. His licking grows a bit uncoordinated, his body trembling as he is about to release, but he still licks over Sia's pussy hungrily, four fingers now thrusting into her, making Sia's hips buck with every thrust. She moans around the cock in her mouth, eyes half closed as she keeps fondling his balls and stroking his shaft along with her sucking. Then it's too much for the centaur. With a loud groan, he blasts his load inside Sia's mouth, making her gag briefly before she manages to swallow the rather large first load. Poor bastard apparently hasn't been done in a while. Some of his thick, white cum leaks out from the corner of her lips, mixing with her saliva as it dribbles to the ground beneath her.

Wyxt vaguely wishes she'd gone the route of the priestess, though she knows full well it's not her calling in life. ...She has plans though, to play with Sia. New ideas in mind that she hasn't tried out before, though tonight 'might' not be the night. ...But it might. It isn't like she's in a hurry to go anywhere, 'especially' not now. Hot, wet, her own fingers mimicking the centaurs, Wyxt yearns for the centaur to use her hot wife to the fullest, though she knows Sia has to maintain control, or who knows what the centaur might try with her wife. "...Gods, so fuckin' 'ot..." Wyxt murmurs. ...It pleases her immensely that she DOES have ways to return this gift, now that she thinks about it. Sand wet with her own juices beneath her, Wyxt moans with pleasure as the centaur fills her beloved's mouth with that hot cum, wanting to taste, just a bit.

Sia grins wickedly as she pulls the cock from between her lips, swallowing the rest of his cum hungrily. She licks her full lips, now glistening with the cum spread on it as the centaur removes his fingers from her pussy and she turns slightly to face him fully. She know she's risking a bit, but she is fairly certain she'll be able to maintain control and even if not, if what she feels from the centaur is about right, he wouldn't stop fucking her even IF the spell broke. That thought, the centaur doesn't waste time. His cock still hard as a rock, he plants both forelegs on the rock on which Sia is lying and Sia spreads her legs wide to allow him access. Just then, she turns around to look in Wyxt's direction, giving her a roguish wink and licking her lips. "Enjoyin da show...?" She only mouths those words, but Wyxt could guess the meaning from the look in her eyes as she half closes them again. The tip of the centaur's cock presses against her pussy-lips, spreading them and then, with a wild grunt, he thrusts deep into her, burying his long shaft deep inside Sia's welcoming pussy. She moans loudly, her voice now rising quite a bit as sher body is shaken by the thrusts now pounding into her.

Wyxt is trying to find some safe middle ground between thinking, and lusting. Her own milky, heavy breasts rising and falling from deep, husky breaths, the half-trolless is biting her lower lip damned near sharp enough to draw blood as she stares at her beloved. "Wha?" The sudden question completely catches her off guard as Sia spreads her legs lewdly wide to invite the plundering centaur in. Then, after a moment... "Lovin' it darlin'..." murmured herself, grinning wickedly. She's not too worried about Sia's tight cunt being fucked by that thick centaur cock, not after some of the... workouts... they've already been through. ...Wyxt pries her fingers out of her own pussy, and she slips forward, glancing to Varrain only a moment, before she sits down right beside her beloved and the fucking centaur. The centaur can't do it, so Wyxt's hands come to rest on Sia's milky tits, and, carefully, she leans under the bucking centaur, to begin to suck the milk from Sia's leaking nipples.

Sia moans even louder now that Wyxt joins in the fray, feeling her beloved's lips around her nipples, she arches her back and pushes her breasts against Wyxt's lips. Her hand comes up to run through Wyxt's hair, her eyes now closed as the centaur pounds away at her. her body shivers and trembles with every thrust, her pussy leaking already, the stone beneath her wet with her juices as she lets herself be fucked by the mind-controlled horse-man. Her breasts sway heavily with her movements and her other hand still squeezes and massages the other breast, but only for a moment before she reaches to the side to run her hand over Wyxt's beautiful ass, squeezing it tightly for a moment. She'll have to be careful though. Too much of this and she might indeed lose the spell, so she refrains from going all out...for now, even though controlling the centaur now requires minimal attention. Who wouldn't take the chance to so thoroughly fuck a willing Troll lady.

Wyxt doesn't mind though. Even if Sia did lose the spell, the centaur's not going to quit fucking this hot sexy troll, and Wyxt knows, without a doubt, that if worst came to worst, the centaur would be dead before he managed to hurt Sia, even 'inside' of Sia. ...There were two points to endurance training, after all! At any rate... for now, worries about defense are out of the huntress' thoughts, as she nibbles on Sia's left nipple, tongue roughly licking up leaking milk. Sia's other breast is left free, just because Wyxt loves the lewd sound of flopping breast and seeing Sia's tits in motion. ...Touching Sia is better than touching herself. Her hand, still wet with her own juices, comes to rest on Sia's belly, feeling for the centaur pounding deep into her beloved, and her other hand runs through Sia's hair, as Wyxt peers out of the corner of her gaze at her beloved, loving the look of bliss.

Sia moans loudly now, little gasps coming from her lips. The thoughts of Wyxt watching her had her aroused pretty much already. Now with the centaur plunging into her, fucking her wildly and roughly and Wyxt continuing to suck on her nipple, stroking her hair, her arousal just rises quicker and quicker. She feels her body trembling violently, her pussy clamping tightly around that large cock inside her, milking the horse-man for all he's worth and the centaur, too shows signs of approaching orgasm again. Apparently the added sight of another hot troll-lady sucking on the tits of the first did its bit to keep him going. Sia groans, continuing to squeeze and massage Wyxt's ass while she moves her hips to meet the centaur's thrusts, his slamming into her creating lewd sounds filling the desert air. Her eyes open halfway to gaze down to Wyxt lovingly as she licks her lips.

Wyxt is not too stingy with Sia. Sweet milk on her lips and on her tongue, she, naturally, leans forward to kiss Sia and to share even as her beloved is fucked so roughly by the mind controlled centaur. Shivering a bit, but not feeling the least bit cold from the night air, Wyxt's kiss is full and deep, head tilted so that tusks scrape one another just a tease as glossy lips meet, Wyxt trading the taste of that equine cum for Sia's sweet milk. Her other hand remains on Sia's belly, rubbing now, able to feel the head of that thick, pounding cock through her beloved, breasts pressed against Sia's shoulder somewhat as Wyxt kisses her.

Sia moans into the kiss, returning it tenderly, or as tenderly as she can while she is being fucked the way she is. Her body keeps shaking from the thrusts, but she manages to put one hand on her beloved's head, drawing her close, holding her there, whispering sweet incoherent words of love as she fails to concentrate on speaking, what with her concentration being divided between controlling the centaur and being screwed thoroughly. The Centaur picks up the pace, obviously growing more and more aroused again, ready to fill this Troll-Lady once more. He pushes into her as deep as possible, and groans above them while Sia holds Wyxt close to her, enjoying the taste of her lips on her own.
