 Sia laughs softly, the laugh followed by a soft eeking sound and a gasp as she is pulled onto Wyxt's lap, naked as she is, her large, heavy tits being fondled by her beloved. Sitting on Wyxt's lap as she is, her body can be admired rather fully now especially since those hands massaging her breasts and especially those lips teasing her ears make her aroused very very quickly, making her spread her legs slowly on Wyxt's lap. A measure of control remains though and she smirks playfully, leaning back against Wyxt and continuing to eye the others in the room.

Wyxt loves tormenting her poor Sia like this. Hands plumping Sia's tits as though to put her wife on display, Wyxt leans forward, slipping Sia carefully onto one leg, the huntress herself feeling aroused as she spreads her own legs slightly. With Sia resting on one though, Wyxt's leg can grind up against Sia's wet, needy cunt somewhat, and Wyxt has 'never' lost her fascination for seeing those milky tits flop. Needless to say, it's only a small matter of time before Wyxt is grinding her leg against Sia's snatch, somewhat bouncing her wife, hands coming to rest lightly on Sia's waist as Wyxt giggles faintly behind her.

Sia moans softly, cutely as she is bounced lightly by her beloved wife, set on display on her knee...and obviously enjoying it tremendously, since she is indeed leaking down there, her own hands busy one sliding down next to her between Wyxt's legs and the other reaching up to fondle her own breasts along with Wyxt's hands. She chuckles slightly when she hears Wyxt call out, but quickly returns to her soft moans, her eyes half closed as she enjoys the little treatment she is receiving.

Wyxt puts a hand on Sia's back now, and pushes her forward somewhat, so that those heavy tits are hanging and wobbling. Mostly, though, it's so that Sia's cunt is pressed against the only actual 'protective' part of her firemane leggings, the red metallic ridge pressed up against Sia's dripping wet snatch as she's somewhat bent over the table. Wyxt purrs, grinding against Sia's hand, and in turn grinding that somewhat penetrating bright red ridge up against Sia's pussy lips and clit, stroking her with the fiery red leggings as she purrs. "Jus' makin' sure Jas darlin'." She looks amused, seeing how sensitive Vise is, but it's hard to keep her eyes from the bouncing beauty that is her wife for long.

Wyxt ponders, and then abruptly speaks up. "'ey Ronick. Y' ev'r 'ad troll b'fore? I'm in th' mood t' see m' wife bent ov'r th' table an' fuck'd, an' y' look like y' need a good excuse t' loosen up an'way." Wyxt purrs, suddenly feeling in quite a mood to see what she missed out on earlier.

Ronick picks up on of the vials slowly and looks at it for a moment with an arched vial, "Ne... I'm afraid I doubt I would be quite as productive as your current target..." then blinks as his name is called, nearly dropping the vial before turning his gaze to Wyxt, "Err... never a troll... not yet anyway... neh... afraid I've yet to... grow adventurous here... ma'am." he replies in a crisp tone.

Sia giggles slightly between her moans and shifts up a bit, her crimson gaze traveling to the human and a soft wink follows, then her tongue darts out to lick her full lips lightly, grazing her small tusks as she does so. She continues to rub her needy cunt against Wyxt's knee, her juices flowing freely, covering her beloved's knee quite thoroughly by now. "Mmm, dun be afraid...people 'ave yet ta complain 'bout me..." she says, huskily, but loud enough to be heard.

Wyxt nods to Ronick, motioning him over. "Well, get y'r ass ov'r 'ere. M' wife could use a good fuckin' an' I'm in th' mood f'r watchin' 'er in action. Y' see what a 'ot slut she be, she needs a good cock in 'er." Wyxt places both hands on Sia's ass now, fondling and kneading those full, firm green cheeks, as she purrs, feeling Sia's hot, wet juices over her thigh and loving the sight of her beloved looking a hot, needy slutty mess. It only helped that Sia hadn't exactly cleaned up after Varrain, either.

Ronick jerks just a bit at Jasayiah's suddenly proximity as his gaze remains locked on Sia's green flesh though before he shakes his head and glances over his shoulder at Jasayiah, "Ne... I suppose you are right... I came here to learn... and learn I shall..." then tugs off his head guard slowly and lays it on the counter as he looks down at his armored torso, "Afraid I should stop coming prepared for war... ne?" Ronick unclasps his gauntlets as he takes a slow breath and begins to move towards Sia and Wyxt slowly as he pulls away from Jasayiah and unlatches his breastplate, letting it and his greaves fall to the ground, "Ne... I'm no worried about complaining about you... it's you complaining about me that I gotta worry about... neh?" he asks in a low tone as he moves up to two trollesses.

Sia giggles lightly as she watches Ronick approach with hungry eyes, shifting slightly on Wyxt's knee and shivering from the pleasure she's already feeling. Yes, some nice cock is just about right now. She moans softly, licking her lips some more and slowly, very slowly, slips down from Wyxt's leg, only to twist around to rest her elbows on the table beside them, her ass now sticking out, her legs spread invitingly so her dripping wet cunt shows clearly. She looks over her shoulder, grinning, licking her lips slowly. "C'mon...." she says lightly, invitingly.

Wyxt pinches Sia's nipples from behind, and winks at Ronick. "Mate, m' wife needs t' be stuff'd. Y're cute, y' look like y're competent. Y' stuff 'er good an' fill 'er up, I doubt she's gon' 'ave room t' complain. 'sides dat, I be 'ere t' make sure she be satisfied all 'round." Wyxt purrs into Sia's ear, then. "But first... y' let me get 'im all read'h f'r stuffin' ya, if'n y' don't mind, darlin'." Said to Sia, Wyxt licking her lips. Well, she'd know for sure if Sia would have a reason to complain by sampling first, wouldn't she? "Then y' can get that cock wedged up in y'... give y' a few moments t' cool down some so y' can ride 'im out that little bit longer love." Wyxt teases.

Ronick turns his gaze to Wyxt slowly then offers a single nod before he tugs off his tunic to reveal his scarred torso then turns his gaze down to Sia's form slowly, "Reporting for duty..." before dropping his trousers and letting his gaze drift back over to Wyxt.

Sia chuckles slightly, standing as she is now, her heavy tits flopping slightly with the giggling that sends a little shiver through her body. "Ya know ya can do just 'bout everythin' ya want with me love..." she whispers softly and shifts a bit, but only slightly, moaning quite cutely as she stands there, ready...and in desperate need of more attention, as clearly seen by the swollen lips between her legs and the dripping fluids, running down her inner thighs.

Wyxt smirks, and slaps Sia's ass playfully as she slips off of the chair beneath the horny Sia. She pulls Sia over to stand nearby, nodding to Tairel in passing and grinning just a bit, as the scantily clad half-troll whore gets onto her own knees before Ronick. Kneeling, one hand idly massaging crimson silk clad breasts as she purrs, Wyxt leans forward, her tongue, somewhat rough, bathing the head of Ronick's shaft, before she speaks... "Well, y'r dut'h be, f'r th' moment, t' fuck this slut's filth'h mouth till y' be good an' read'h t' fuck 'er slut wife. If y' can cum more than once, this slut's wantin' a first taste, t' make sure y're fillin' 'er lad'h up wit' some good 'ot cum, but if y' ain't got th' stamina..." Wyxt lets the word linger, grinning wickedly, as her hand leaves her breasts to take Ronick's cock in hand, her tongue rubbing roughly against the head of his shaft now, using that X-shaped bolt to tease the most sensitive ridge just beyond the plump head of his shaft with that slightly chilled adamantium.

Ronick starts to speak as Wyxt moves down but quickly cuts off any words with a sharp hiss of breath as he reaches down to take hold of the back of Wyxt's head in his grip and lets out a groan as he feels the metal press against the tip of his cock, gripping her hair a bit roughly from reflex as his hips instinctively jerk forward before he stills. He lets out a slow controlled breath through his mouth, his shaft hot and veiny under the trolless' rough tongue as he takes a firm grip on the wings of Wyxt's helm, "Light... I'm so sure how much endurance someone untrained like me will have... but if there's anything a paladin's good at... it's stamina and making the battle last..." then shakes his head quickly as he begins to rock his hips slowly to thrust his shaft into Wyxt.

Sia watches her beloved wife go down on the human with a light grin on her lips, feeling her desire climbing rather than cooling down, but then again, seeing Wyxt suck someone off does have that effect on her. She moans quietly, standing beside her and leaning down a bit to gently reach for her breasts again, squeezing them in her hands a bit more roughly now. She makes sure she can watch her lovely, slutty mouth take that cock in, sucking it good as she knows what kind of treat Ronick is about to get.

Wyxt loves it. She knows it's instinctive and surprise, that first thrust, but it's expected, really. Moaning around the cock in her mouth, Wyxt closes one eye, the other peering at Sia as she hooks three fingers into her beloved's pussy, rubbing and stroking, spreading her fingers in those cummy wet folds so Sia knows she is not in the least forgotten. At the same time, Wyxt releases Ron's cock, letting her small tusks guide Ronick easily straight towards her throat. Her tongue curls as he thrusts into her mouth, pressing tight against that hot, throbbing shaft and effectively, roughly, stroking him as he slips into her mouth and throat. 

Wyxt does close her eyes when Ronick takes full command of her mouth, using the wings of that dragon helmet effectively to hold the willing slut in place. Lips purse tight around that thrusting shaft, and when he thrusts into her mouth, her tongue strokes him vigorously, arching and curling around his cock to make sure he's fully stroked even as he fucks his way into her throat. She does not seem to gag.

Ronick keeps firm hold on Wyxt's head as he begins to pull her head forward with each thrust of his hips, the head of his cock pressing down into the troll's throat as his movements begin to pick up some speed and power. He turns his eyes down to Wyxt's face as he feels her tusks tracing the sides of his member with each thrust and speaks in a rough voice, "Light save me... I should apply here for formal training...." he grunts out as he begins to drive his length down the willing troll's throat, tilting his head back as he lets out a slow breath.

Sia giggles, but soon is lost in lustful moans again, feeling Wyxt's fingers move inside her folds and loving it as she always does, as she loves everything her wife does with her after all. She keeps her gaze locked on the scene before her though, her legs however trembling slightly as the pleasure runs through her body. She keeps her hands on her wife's large, heavy tits however, squeezing them and now snapping them free of their tight confines quickly to let them jiggle freely. She looks up to Ronick with a grin on her lips. "Mmm, bet ya like dis kinda diplomacy-trainin' much better than 'nything they taught ya back home, eh?" she winks playfully.

Ronick releases one hand from Wyxt's helm then reaches over to cup one of Sia's breasts, giving the flesh a firm squeeze as he shivers just a bit feeling the tusks graze his member then looks over to Sia, "This is... the best way... to bridge our difference.... neh?" then lets out a low groan as squeezes Sia's flesh in his grip and looks down to Wyxt, "Light... keep that up and you will get a preemptive strike..."

Wyxt knew some things about the Light, and knew that the Light would do nothing to stop such absolutely 'sinful' play. Hah. Judging by the somewhat smug curl to the edges of Wyxt's lips, Sia's going to get a fine fucking. The half-troll doesn't resist Ronick's tugging in the least, and her moans cause her tongue to shiver and tremble against his shaft, sending those vibrations down to the root of his cock as he fucks her mouth, and her swallowing throat, at his own pace. Sia's hands on her body have her hot, nipples hard and dribbling the faintest tease of milk already now as her wife plays with her. This, though, by no means stops Wyxt's fingering of Sia's needy wet cunt, Wyxt determined to keep Sia as wet as possible until she's fucked.

Wyxt shifts things up as Ronick seems to have too firm a grasp on the situation. Warm breath occasionally exhaled over his cock when he pulls back, Wyxt's thick, blue glossy lips part faintly. Tongue suctioned to the bottom of his shaft, stroking him, that X bolt roughly teasing the ridges of his cock, Wyxt begins to blow her way down his shaft when he pistons into her mouth, using her tongue to keep up the tension around his cock even as lips ease up just a bit. But when he tries to pull back, lips seal firmly around the root of his shaft, and she sucks hard, swallowing around the head of his cock as her cheeks draw inwards. She only does this for long strokes, though... if Ron ruts against her face in short, quick strokes, she won't release the suction at all, milking him for all he's worth as he fucks her face. Wyxt curls her fingers in Sia's snatch now, thumb coming up to press fully against her clit, flicking the sensitive nub with her fingernail, her other hand now settling on Ronick's balls, massaging the heavy cum producers even as she fingers and plays with her wife, and bobs on his shaft.

Ronick feels the vibrations moving through his cock and lets out a sharp hiss of breath as he suddenly curls down and embraces Wyxt's head as pulls her down roughly onto his member before his muscles begin to draw tense and his member begins to pulsate inside of Wyxt's mouth, his first shot firing deep into her throat before he eases up off her head some and begins to fill her mouth with his seed.

Sia moans quite cutely at Wyxt's attentions and now at the squeezing of her heavy tits as well. She moves a bit closer to the two, brushing up against Wyxt and Ronick in an effort to better reach her beloved's heavy, milky tits which she squeezes and massages a bit more roughly now, her legs jerking slightly, nearly threatening to give way beneath her. Her eyes are half closed, but fixed on the magnificent play before here, watching the human fuck her beloved's wife's mouth thoroughly and obviously well. She knows that kind of look on Wyxt's features and it makes her all the more happy, expecting a good fuck once Wyxt finishes her sucking.

Wyxt opens her eyes when that hot, thick cum spills into her throat. The suction is maintained, Wyxt's hand leaving his balls to move to his hip now, holding him in her mouth for the first shots of that thick, salty essence, as Wyxt holds her breath, and thus, keeps up the pressure bobbing on his cock with her thick lips sealed around the root like nothing short of a vacuum, her tongue roughly lashing the head as she swallows down that thick seed. After a few spurts, though, she pulls up, and off of his shaft, so that some can land on her face and her now exposed tattooed tits, wanting to feel the hot cum on her chest after the fondling from her wife. "..Ah, y're in f'r a fun ride Sia love." Wyxt licks her lips.

Ronick leans his head back as he lets out a quick gasp for breath then begins to forcefully slow his breathing rate down as he looks down at Wyxt, "Damnit... I've got to work endurance..." then shakes his head as he looks down and offers a small smile, "Give me a moment..." then begins to whisper quietly to himself, "I call upon the Light to allow this body to remain in this fight... may the holy light restore and invigorate..." Ronick continues to chant quietly as a golden light covers his body for a moment then opens his eyes, "I'm sure the priest would have me decommissioned if they learned I was calling upon the light for this sort of struggle... neh?" then turns his gaze to Sia slowly.

Wyxt shakes her head in quick disagreement. "Fuck that mate. I LOVE cum. Y' cum quick, we gotta fuck more, as long as y're Light be comin' back t' fill y' up quick too!" Wyxt loved to be made a mess. If he could cum a lot, she'd have to have him hang around with her and Sia more. "Bend m' slut wife ov'r th' Table an' show 'er what th' Light's made of an' what it can do f'r ya, darlin', if'n y' don't mind..." Wyxt purrs, slipping her fingers out of Sia's messy pussy now, to lick her fingers clean, and then spread the thick cum of Ronick over her tits, massaging the salty essence into her glossy skin.

Sia giggles with excitement and pleasure, seeing Wyxt being filled and sprayed by the thick, white seed of the human. She smiles, squeezing her beloved's tits a bit more, rubbing the sticky fluids over them thoroughly. She glances up then, smirking playfully. She is leaned over behind Wyxt, her ass up and exposed to the cool air. She turns to the table slowly, responding to the words of Wyxt automatically, her slutty nature revealed once more as she spreads her legs wide to show off her dripping cunt to the whole room, ready to take the human into her, no needing to take him into her.

Ronick moves up behind Sia slowly and reaches down to take hold of his member, still slick with Wyxt's saliva and begins to trace it up and down Sia's lips slowly for a moment, "Oi... better keep some power in reserve or else this won't last long...." then suddenly spreads her lips with the head of his cock and begins to press into her, pushing in deep into Sia's form until he's firmly pushed up against Sia's form

Wyxt grins, kneeling beside them, as Ronick's hips drive against Sia's own. "Fuck 'er good an' rough darlin', she loves it like that. Fill 'er slutt'h womb up wit' more o' that hot thick cream, make 'er feel full." Wyxt purrs, then slowly stands, licking cum from her own lips as she slips into her chair, fully intent on watching her wife get good and fucked.

Sia moans, gasping cutely as she is penetrated. She moves her hips back to meet his thrust and bury him as deep inside of her as she possibly can. She seems somewhat easy to slide into, but her pussy grips his member tight indeed, that needy cunt having some obviously well trained muscles to squeeze with. She grins back over her shoulder, her tits pressed against the top of the table the way she is bent over. Her juices dribble from between her legs to the floor, creating a sloppy mess between her legs. "Ya...listen ta me wife...forget them respect things...jus fuck me like tha slut I be..." she moans lustfully.

Ronick nods his head silently for a moment, "Understood.... moving to comply..." he says in a low voice as his hands reach around to take hold of her breast as he begins to slowly draw his length out to the tip before driving in with a rough thrust and slams his body against hers. Ronick quickly begins to draw back and repeat the motion as he takes a firm hold of her breast in his grips, squeezing their flesh roughly in his hands before he focuses on the nipples and begins to roll them between his thumb and forefinger as his thrust slowly begin to build a steady pistoning motion.

Wyxt teases. "Make th' table shake! Don't worr'h 'bout puttin' cracks in it, tables're cheap! Use 'er good!" Wyxt loves to jeer and cheer from the side, after all. She'd reach out to touch Sia as she's fucked over the table, but for the moment, Ronick clearly knows what he's doing and Sia's gotten plenty of touching already. Grinning, herself dripping wet and horny now but satisfied with watching her wife get filled, Wyxt licks her lips again, before index finger swipes up a bit of cum and she suckles it from her finger.
