 The actors in this script are of legal age. This is a work of adult erotic fiction and contains descriptions of sexual acts between consenting adults. If you're under the age of consent where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it is illegal to obtain adult literature where you reside, delete this file immediately. If it's entirely legal for you to read sexually explicit material, I hope you enjoy the story!

This story cannot be posted or reused elsewhere without the permission of this Author.

*

CHAPTER 1

Roger runs a successful Internet Wholesale/Import operation just outside Portland up a mountainside above the Columbia and is reasonably well off. Roger is very much into the softness of fur, its sexual excitement and fantasies, his house being well endowed with very fine furs of all types. Included in his furs are Jackets and Coats that he frequently wears to the office and social events. Roger is unmarried since he could never entice any of his girlfriends into his fondness for fur. Don't misunderstand, Roger loves women very much and has desperately wanted a woman in his life. He understands however that fur must be a part of that. The women he has dated to now don't understand his proclivity for fur nor share the pleasures of fur as a part of their desires.

Roger is 6'-2", 33, ruggedly built and quite strong with clear blue eyes. He was always very good at sports but not obsessed over them. Handsome is not a good description but substantial and rugged would be. Not your image of a fur fetish freak if there is such a profile. He always preferred intellectual and artistic pursuits contrary to his image. 

Roger lost his parents when he was eight in a car accident to a drunk driver and had to make his way on his own after that. He lived with a married Aunt who took him in until after High school and a few years of Community College. He was never a difficult child and she raised him as her own. She had several furs a few of which were his mother's and it was that exposure that cemented Rogers passion for fur. 

His Aunt accommodated his proclivity so he was never burdened with any internal conflicts about this. He had a few modest furs of his own with his jobs after school he had as a kid. After being out on his own at twenty he began to acquire more quality furs. The height of Rogers fantasies is to see a beautiful woman in fur, hoping one might be his mate some day.

There is a growing realization with Roger that something very peculiar is happening to him. There are very brief time lapses in his memory. Not like he had dozed off. He begins to find artifacts and articles of clothing, apparently all or mostly all are women's, in his house in different places. Some are historically familiar and some are very different or totally unfamiliar, indeed Science Fiction-like. He also has this very gratified feeling like after fantastic sex immediately after these memory lapses. He didn't feel physically exerted as if he had actually engaged in extended sex however. 

The rest of his life continues to be totally unaffected and quite normal. These time lapses seem to occur at precisely 10:00PM but on random days and last for precisely 3 minutes. It doesn't seem to make any difference where he is. So being a very responsible person Roger makes sure he's not driving or doing anything that will cause an accident at that time until he can figure out what is going on. He also begins to avoid others or stays home at that time. An unexplained absence or strange behavior would be hard to explain particularly since he doesn't know anything about what has happed. There are no signs or feelings of a seizure before or afterwards. 

Roger gets an MRI, EKG, mental acuity tests, reflex tests and a few other medical tests that might reveal or explain his loss of memory. He does this under the guise of insurance and is declared sharp as a tack and disgustingly healthy.

Not long after his tests one evening during the break between TV shows (10:00PM) Roger notices a flash and is total disoriented for what seems like 30 seconds but with some perception of touching warm flesh. When his head clears there's an article of buckskin with a large Red Fox skin as part of the clothing like a skirt complete with Fox tail beside him on the couch and there's the unmistakable aroma of sex in the air with the faint smell of campfire smoke in the buckskin and Fox. He's totally satiated. This is not unlike a buckskin moccasin he found last month in the hall. 

Since he has kept all these artifacts he goes to the chest where he had begun to store them and takes them all out. After about an hour of sorting and carefully examining them Roger has five distinct piles and five separate items that didn't apparently fit with any of the others. A few were fur or had fur attached. Since he never found more than one item at a time he counted them. Roger was shocked when the final item total added up to twenty eight. So ten women, five with some regularity? How many were there that left no artifact? What happened in these "blackouts". Since there were repeats I must not be a time traveling Jack-the-Ripper like in the TV sci-fi shows. Did I not like the single item women or are they yet to repeat? Do they need to repeat? 

Roger goes to bed and after a few hours, deep in REM, memories as dreams begin to come. Mostly faces, nude women and smells, familiar and totally strange landscapes and places. Not enough to indicate time or place but enough to get a "feel" of the events. Very erotic and sex charged with lots of passion in furs like his wildest waking fantasies and fur sex dreams all happening in his Bed Room. It almost all vanishes from his mind as he awakes but enough sticks to give Roger a sense of something real actually having happened. Are these Alien Abductions??? No memory of little gray men like in the abduction stories or X-Files, just these beautiful women and the fur sex in his Bed Room. Just dreams or more?

For nearly a month Roger doesn't experience any more memory loses or flashes. Also no more dreams of events. He's beginning to think that it has all been a figment of his overactive imagination except for the artifacts. He occasionally takes them out and hold them each at a time and after a while Roger begins to think there's a familiar image in his mind related to each item. Like the memory of a long lost friend or relative. If it were not for the artifacts Roger would have given it all up as hallucinations and overactive dreams.

A couple of the Alien artifacts have a particularly strong feel to them. He also realizes he's starting to invent some of the most improbable items even for him. 

Roger is also a very creative and very observant guy who could never follow his main love of science for a variety of circumstantial reasons. 

The Wholesale/Import business was something he put together to make a living and hasn't been very difficult for him to do. It mostly runs itself now. He isn't sure where these ideas are coming from but they're definitely "out there". 

It is when he comes upon a simple and elegant solution that makes a low temperature Energy Cell work and becomes an instant Billionaire that things begin to really happen. It isn't at all about the money or fame either. Of course women are beating down his door and he has more offers than he knows what to do with, including celebrity babes. They'll do anything to be with him!! Suddenly they all adore fur!! Temptation. Roger has become quite the catch and very public. Roger doesn't like the public notoriety at all. No Howard Hughes but?

CHAPTER 2

Within days of my fame and fortune I'm watching the TV news and there's another "flash" at 10:00PM and a totally gorgeous six foot six tall woman with long light brown hair is reclining beside me on the couch and she's wrapped in my Silver Fox spread nude and to my astonishment so am I. I'm on her instantly and we're making mad and passionate love. Somehow this is all totally familiar to me and almost routine. How can this be?? Being totally carried away by the moment I'm helpless at the same time I have never made such energetic and passionate love or so loved the fur experience with sex ever. I musters up enough energy to ask who she is. 

"Oh. So the two halves have come together finally." 

"I'm not sure. It seems familiar but I don't understand." 

"I may leave before I can fully explain but this is not a figment of your imagination. You are in an expanded time dimension and this is for your convenience." 

Flash and it/she was gone with the Fox spread laying empty on the couch still warm from their body heat. I was still nude.

I KNOW I have never had sex like this before? Unless it happened in these "expanded time dimensions". It certainly explains the satisfaction after the other blackouts. I am feeling very satisfied. No wonder I haven't been frenetically looking for a woman to have sex with!! Will I remember the next one? She said something about the two halves finally coming together. 

I found a new pair of silkier than silk panties in my Bed Room on the floor right next to my clothes in a heap. Definitely a match for one of the Alien piles. "She is no Alien unless being six foot six qualifies. Gabriel Reese is nearly that tall and just as gorgeous and she's no Alien? The sex was unbelievably rich and exciting with all that fur fondling of each other. Better than my wildest fur fantasies. It was definitely real and not a figment of my imagination." 

The very next evening at 10:00PM another flash and I'm standing out in a Prairie ... Kansas?, with an absolutely gorgeous Indian Maiden standing beside me. She looks over to me quite casually and not at all surprised. She says in her Indian tongue, which I fully understand, "Hi. You came for me again? I'm ready to go." In the next instant we're standing in my Bed Room and she is pulling me on to my new Russian Sable spread which she comments on as she slides across in the most sexually enticing way. She is unbelievably sexy and erotic in her holding and fondling of me. 

Before I know it we're making the most energetic and passionate love I could ever imagine, again! This episode is much longer and she's very much into fur fondling me. She drags me into the Living Room like she has done it before. We sit on the couch and she grabs the remote, flips to the Discovery channel and we watch TV while fur fondling each other like fantasy dates and fantasy wives I have dreamed of. 

She says: "Our child has blue eyes so the Elders knew I was not lying about being "abducted" by a strange but wonderful ghost. They call him Ghost Eyes and he is considered a blessing for my Tribe." I'm totally stunned .. a FATHER!!

She says she's not told them about TV or any of those things. She knows they are not prepared. She's around until after midnight before vanishing. I'm the only white person she has ever seen or heard of, hence Ghost. 

We have intercourse several more times before she leaves with the most wonderful fur fondling I could ever imagine. I really like her very much and realized she's already in my heart. She is so sensuous and free in the way she makes love. I give her the Fox and moccasin back since she probably was missing them. The Fox rides up on top of her butt and is very sexy. A well designed erotic fur fetish piece with the Fox tail dangling right between her butt cheeks like an arrow pointing "stick it in here". She's very in tune with making love in the fur and totally free. Only three minutes had elapsed with nearly three hours of experience. 

Roger goes back to his chest again to sort things out a little more given these new experiences. There are things of the Tall Girl from the future. There are other totally Alien/Future articles that defies any understanding. The fabric is incomprehensible. It changes with a thought from "Silk" to"Cashmere" to "Fur" and a plain metal rod that sings and vibrates slightly when it is touched. These are the ones Roger first found and was fascinated by the "fur" appearance and disappearance. There are a few fragments of "thought" when he touches them now that wasn't apparent before. 

In the "undetermined" pile is a small iridescent mineral rock with no special "vibes" that could belong to the Alien pile or? 

There are also two different sized corsets. "I can see why they might be left behind. The time it takes to put one on." Then there is this one beautiful silk sash which is clearly Japanese No clue as to time? 1650 or 1900? Also a small Onyx Scarab Beetle. 

Somehow much more special is the very fine homespun shawl with circa 1750 border motifs, though like new with a fresh washed smell. Along with it a couple of long, slender, walnut wooden antique hair pins with a few red hairs caught in them that seem to go with the shawl. These seemed to have a very strongly pull at Rogers emotions with a warmth that seems extra special somehow? 

"I don't dare take any of these things to any Specialists. There would be no explaining how I came by them or the discrepancies that are bound to exist."

I'm listening to some music an evening about two weeks later reading about time dilation theories and not paying any attention to the time when suddenly I'm standing back stage in a concert hall circa 1850. Right in front of me, totally startled and speechless, is a very beautiful young auburn haired woman of about 5'-7". Tall for her era. What comes out of my mouth is from someone else. "I" tell her not to be afraid that she is very special and has been selected to play a very important role in history. I speak this in French. I don't speak French. I am as surprised as she is stunned. 

We are immediately flashed to my Bed Room and she's already nude as am I, both on the Sable spread. She is still stunned and sits upright clutching the Sable to her chest. I tell her that this is as much a surprise to me as it is to her but don't be afraid that she doesn't have to do anything she doesn't want to. That's all me speaking but French is coming out of my mouth. I also hand her the Silver Fox spread as well which she wraps around herself. 

She begins to relax but at the same time it was clear the Fox and Sable and my being nude is starting to have an effect on her. She's beginning to get very stimulated and aroused. She's staring intently at my very stiff cock. With her beauty and the furs I'm drawn to her like a magnet. 

She begins to smile softly and as I slide over toward her she rolls over in the furs and turns so she's lying on her back but her head toward me looking up at me. Very submissive and fondling herself with the Sable and Fox, enticing and very sexy. 

She reaches out and touches my cock stroking it with the Sable pulling it to her and kisses it. I leaned over her and begin to fondle her body with the Sable as well and kissing her around her muff. She starts to moan and writhe in the fur and moves around begging me to hold her and to make love to her. With my first penetration I discover she is a virgin but she's overcome with wild and uncontrollable passion. Different from the other two and certainly as fine, softly clinging to my body, keeping my cock buried in her climaxing repeatedly. After many climaxes with her we began to calm down and return to "normal".

The music had been playing all along and she suddenly stands up and says "Where is the orchestra?" I happen to have been playing some Bach. "How quaint. I haven't heard his music for a while." She rolls off the bed and walks into the Living Room. She's shocked to not see any musicians but to hear its full sound all around her. I sit her down and tell her about my/her "Time Travel" and this is the year 2004 and I'm sure why this is happening. We're obviously suppose to copulate. This is obviously a first time for her. With this, her first time with intercourse, she's still highly stimulated. 

She is so fine and there is so much I want to ask her I hope it is not her last time. She is totally stunned and speechless. We spend some time watching TV as a means of showing her "my time". I wrapped her in a Lynx throw and said that she is to say nothing about this on her return. She climaxes with our intercourse several more times as I hold and fondle her in the Lynx. I tell her to not worry about returning that she will probably have only been gone from "her time" three minutes. 

Suddenly I realize I'm seeing hours on TV in advance of my time!!! TV becomes very interesting. I am suddenly "struck" with the feeling that I should not abuse this knowledge. 

In an instant she is gone. Her name is Beatrice. I hope I see her again. 

She flashes in exactly one month later. I can't believe how incredible the sex is with her. She had obviously been thinking about it in the interim. Beatrice is into the fur thing this time very pro actively. Her fondling of me was a whole other level. I pack her with semen. 

I'm sure that is what this is all about now. She's so passionate and submissive. I fondle her and climax with her as much as humanly possible. It's very exciting making love with her. Definitely on some kind of sex mate short list.

I'm realizing that with all my new wealth I couldn't buy this level of sex from the most expensive Hookers, Call Girls available or any other woman for that matter. 

It is very real and the women are fully committed and passionate. They are fully engaged in a combination of sex and fur way beyond my wildest fantasies. It is an inseparable relationship of sex and fur. They are all definitely getting "knocked up". It doesn't get any more real than that.

They're somehow being "selected" for me? I think.

A week later Indian Maiden is back and we have a wonderful time together. She stays practically the whole night this time. I'm wondering afterwards why as it's not ovulation time for her I don't believe? 

It turned out that I would never see her again. Do the "Gods" have compassion after all?

The next evening I encounter the woman of the iridescent rock. She's actually from another planet. She's homo sapiens and not Alien. In the time before and now we were unable to sort out the connections or a mutual time frame. It is a planet on the other side of the galaxy as best as we could figure. We are both good at astronomy and I have a large Astronomical Telescope on the roof. My sky is not like her sky at all except for distant references which are shifted for her. Big time TIME and distance between us. The other side of the Galaxy at least. 

They do sex the old fashioned way all the same. Other than a very slight olive green tint to her light brown skin and slightly greenish tint (natural) to her black hair and nearly black eyes she is quite "normal" and would not be out of place at all in your local punk/goth hang out. 

She screws like a mink. I was sure she was going to wring my cock off and take it with her. DNA on an interplanetary level. She's beside herself in the fur. I can't fondle her enough with the fur. She must have climaxed a dozen times and wanted more. She said they don't have fur bearing animals on her planet and she had been trying to figure out how to produce it. I gave her a Crystal Fox and Mink jackets to take with her. Since coming here it is all she can think about. Yes she did give birth two months ago and the boy has blue eyes. The only one on the planet to have blue eyes. I thought blue eyes were recessive? If there are no fur bearing mammals then that means no mammals and they are not native to their planet? 

After a particularly long and intensely focused day in the shop I fall asleep listening to music and am startled by noises I have never heard before. I'm standing in a hilly scrub brush countryside and the noise is coming directly toward me. It sounds like a tiger but not like any I have heard in the zoo. A small female dressed in animal skins and furs is running toward me over the hill. She suddenly stops as she is right upon me, as terrified of my sudden appearance in front of her as the very large Tiger chasing her for lunch. My attire had not changed to "local". I motion for her to come closer. She briefly hesitates but she's again more terrified of the Tiger than me. As she gets within four feet we vanish to reappear in my Bed Room of all places. 
