 Sia had been placed back in the camp, left as the sloppy mess she'd been made by the Stallion and the men...plus the orc who had taken the time to recover by now. The two men had returned to the others for now, taking a breather themselves from the little fun they had had with the Troll-bitch who was now on the ground, still moaning softly in the heat of the afterglow of her orgasm and covered in cum as she was. Sia didn't quite know what to do at this very moment, but then again, she didn't feel much in shape to do anything at all really. The Stallion had worn her out quite a bit to be honest and the bandits were surveying the camp and fixing their greedy eyes on Wyxt as she lay there, still sleeping at least in their eyes. Sia knew she was pretending, but that didn't do her or Wyxt much good right now. She somehow doubted the Bandits were finished with them. 

Sure enough the murloc shaman soon pointed to Wyxt and the orc and the humans began to move towards her. Wyxt doesn't quite know what's happened, but from the sounds of people around them, she's willing to wager her beloved was overrun on the third watch. Eyes closed, the smell of cum thick on the air, Wyxt expects to find Sia bound and gagged, but lying on her side as she is, somewhat hugging herself on her bedroll, Wyxt realizes she herself isn't bound. One dark red eye opens, just a bit, to peer across the clearing at her beloved, and Wyxt looks faintly puzzled... of course, she has no idea the shaman used a silencing totem on Sia, and has no idea why Sia never called out for help during her 'ordeal.' The half-troll purses her lips a moment in quiet contemplation, facing away from the approaching bandits and somewhat unaware that she is next on the menu. 

The orc, the most rested of the three after all is first to come to Wyxt and he doesn't take chances. Not caring about being gentle or even treating a "Lady" right, he leans down and grabs Wyxt by the arms to attempt to flip her over to her back while the two humans surround her and prepare to get back to the fun. Two great pieces of woman in one night, that was certainly a decent reaping for a night's work. Not quite satisfied yet, or rather, still greedy, they look down at Wyxt with hungry stares, eyes roving over her scantily clad body with a clearly readable intention in their eyes. Of course they weren't here just for the sights. The murloc and his bodyguard move a little closer to the camp, but still well out of reach, observing. 

Wyxt gasps as she's rolled over, heavy tits jiggling, barely restrained, within that skimpy red silk vest as she's put on her back. Caught by surprise, just for the moment, her legs are closed, hands moving to attempt to shove the orc flipping her over, not quite realizing she's surrounded just yet as whatever sleepiness remained in her mind vanishes in a flash. Wyxt hadn't bothered to wear the thong since that curious night where she'd woken dripping wet and full of cum, but she still wore the simple vest that showed off most, but not all, of her tattooed breasts. 

"Ah ah....she's awake...but ye wouldn't want ter give us trouble, would ye little slut?" the orc said and smirked, looking to the human bandits briefly. One of them smirked and leveled his crossbow slowly...but not at Wyxt, instead, focusing the point on Sia, who was still curled up close by and of course, still unable to move. The threat was clear and the intent in the eyes of the men and the orc could not be misread. The other human came to the side left free by the orc so she was now basically surrounded, though even if she could have done anything about that...there was still that crossbow pointed at Sia and the murloc Shaman and his bodyguard were also still there, something that probably was a smug grin on the murloc's strange features. "Prepare her...I think my guard wants a lil fun as well..." the murloc said at that point and the gnoll licked his chops hungrily. 

Wyxt glances to the crossbow, then to Sia. Lying on her back, one breast exposed to the firelight already from her minor struggling, the orc looming over her, Wyxt stares at the sight of the messy Sia, and somewhere in the back of her mind, Wyxt grumbles about Sia having had yet 'another' 'horse.' Still, the sight of sloppy Sia is a hot one, and even though Wyxt doesn't readily part her legs yet, the smell of her mounting arousal creeps into the air as she pouts, only the threat diminishing her lust, then looks to the orc and humans, biting her lower lip. Vaguely, she remembers the quillboar, and nods. "Ya 'ave me then, jus' don't be 'urtin' m' Sia." Her legs spread, at that, for the orc atop her, hips wriggling a bit to give her some room, her slit not too wet just yet, but a little moist from seeing Sia a mess. 

The orc nods, satisfied and large, powerful hands begin to grope at that exposed, large breast, kneading it roughly in calloused hand, the palm rubbing over the nipple hard while the human simply kneels down and removes the blouse from the other breast as well, letting both fall free and his hands begin to work on the other breast, kneading, squeezing tightly. The murloc shaman grins faintly and again, begins to prepare a spell. The horse that had had the "pleasure" of taking Sia is off to the side and not quite all right so to speak, so the shaman's concentration is focused on another horse, but he doesn't cast a spell just yet. The gnoll marches up to Wyxt and stares at her exposed slit, licking his chops again and grinning. "Think I wanna piece of 'er ass!" he growls and moves around slowly. The orc and human, knowing perfectly well what to do continue squeezing Wyxt's breasts with one of their hands while they use the other to "pick her up", dragging her slightly to the side and in front of a tree where the gnoll gets behind Wyxt, stroking his already raging hard-on as his two companions move Wyxt in front of him so she is basically pressed back against the gnoll and she can feel his shaft pressing against her ass cheeks, rubbing pre-cum over them. 

Wyxt groans as her heavy, milk-laden tits are exposed and fondled, her moist cunt quickly growing wet with arousal as the bandits begin to molest her. Shivering beneath them, she gasps as rough palms rub over her sensitive dark blue nipples, the lavender trolless' legs spreading wide and inviting now as she starts to feel that much more willing. At the gnoll's words Wyxt starts to sit up, but the gnoll's friends obviously have something else in mind. Gasping, standing and stumbling over to the tree as she's tugged along, Wyxt blushes a hot dark purple as she feels that thick, hot cock pressed against the cheeks of her ass. Hips, instinctively, grind back, rubbing and stroking his cock, just a bit, between the cheeks of her ass as Wyxt licks her lips. Her ass never gets fucked enough. Apparently, the gnoll intends to change that, if only for tonight. 

Not one to be patient, particularly as he feels Wyxt's willingness to be fucked now that she's "in the spirit" of things, the furry creature begins to grind his hips, its long, hard shaft rubbing between her ass-cheeks, spreading pre-cum into the crack and onto the tight back-entrance. A slight adjustment and his cock thrusts forward between her legs, rubbing along her sloppy, wet cunt lips, adding to the slickness of his own pre-cum while he gets himself, and her ready. The orc and human now lean forward, both continuing to squeeze and knead those heavy tits, their mouths now also adding to the pleasure, sucking on those lavender nipples greedily. 

Wyxt groans with pleasure, her cunt and clit rubbed by that cock as the gnoll gets himself good and ready to spear Wyxt's tight, but now wet, pucker. Breathing deeply, Wyxt closes her eyes as her tits are kneaded and mashed, then suckled on, nipples reluctant but slowly beading with milk. Her hands seek out the two shafts of the orc and human now, reaching down between their legs to find them still slick with the fucking of her wife as she licks her lips. Bending what little she could to give the gnoll the right to claim her ass, Wyxt begins to rub and stroke the two men suckling on her heavy, faintly swaying tits. 

The orc and human readily move to make it easier for Wyxt to handle their stiff cocks, still slick with Sia's juices but already very hard again indeed, and how could they not be? After all, there's another Troll-slut to be "serviced". The gnoll, greedy and impatient as he is, doesn't wast another moment when he feels Wyxt bending forward a little. He shifts his hips and the next thrust penetrates her tight ass, his cock sliding into her, well lubricated by her own juices, thrusting in to the hilt and burying inside her for a moment before he starts to wildly thrust into her. The orc and human laugh harshly, continuing their "treatment" of Wyxt's breasts, kneading and sucking that delicious milk from those heavy breasts. The murloc smirks faintly and begins to murmur the words of the spell enticing the other stallion and making it ready to do the same thing that its predecessor had done to Sia. The stallion would have to wait a moment more so Wyxt could be brought in the right position, but it was better for the horse to be ready when the moment came...there shouldn't be too much pause in the fucking after all. 

Wyxt gasps with both pain and pleasure, as the thick shaft of the gnoll lunges into her. Unlike her loose cunt, the slut's ass truly isn't very loose, since she hadn't had a good ass fucking in weeks now, if not months. The thrust is smooth for the gnoll, his cock coated in juices and gliding into her willing ass, but causes Wyxt to rise up on tiptoe, eyes wincing as she's suddenly full of that thick, throbbing shaft, the air knocked clear from her lungs. Panting suddenly, fingers curling around those cocks as she strokes as much to support herself as to give the orc and human pleasure, Wyxt's tits jiggle around their suckling lips as she grinds back against the furious fucking of the gnoll behind her, blinking away tears but panting like the whore in heat she is. Her ass ripples with every lunge of the gnoll into her clenching rear, his balls slapping her wet cunt, and Wyxt bites her lower lip in blatant anticipation when she sees the last stallion being 'prepped.' 

The gnoll begins panting against Wyxt's back, clawed, furry hands grabbing her jiggling ass to pull her back against himself (as if that was necessary) every time he thrusts into that tight, clenching ass of hers, burying himself as deep as possible. His human and orcish co-thugs continue their treatment of Wyxt's heavy, milk-laden tits, suckling on the lavender, hardened nipples hungrily, biting into them from time to time. These were after all no guys for soft loving. The murloc gestures lightly and makes the horse approach the fuck-fest slowly and Wyxt can see the object of her desire, that raging hard-on beneath the horse, the thick, rock-hard shaft, ready to take her. The orc and human obviously notice what's planned next and they look around briefly to find what they need. A high root of the tree behind them spotted, they pull Wyxt and the gnoll over towards it, not far from them after all. The gnoll is rather busy fucking Wyxt's ass furiously, but allows a brief pause for the short transfer, only to hoist himself and Wyxt up on the root and laying back while the orc and human push Wyxt onto her back on top of the gnoll..now about the right height for that Stallion to use her when ready. 

Wyxt grunts and pants beneath the gnoll when he grabs her by her ass and hips, the lewd, wet sound of his thick cock plunging deep into her bowels again and again on the air. Dripping wet, her cunt drooling, Wyxt is almost milking freely now for the lips sealed around her flopping tits as she's kneaded and suckled on, and the slutty trolless is confused and disoriented when she's pulled over towards the nearby root. She takes a moment to glance Sia's way, worried, before she's suddenly pulled onto her back, lying atop the gnoll, legs spread wide on either side of him as the slutty lavender lass reels. It takes her a moment to realize what's going on, and she gasps in shock at the idea of being fucked by the horse with the gnoll still balls deep in her ass. She's tempted to claim it won't fit, but she knows full well it will. 

The Bandits apparently want to find out. The Stallion is led towards Wyxt slowly while the gnoll is, now that he's stationary again, once more thrusting into her ass furiously, obviously enjoying the tightness of that fine piece of ass immensely. The Human and orc remain at her sides, quite intent on having her stroke their hard-ons while she's being fucked in the ass and also about to be fucked by the second stallion. Grunting and groaning, they continue to suck at those hard nipples, drinking down that sweet milk hungrily while they begin to thrust their hips against Wyxt's hands. The Stallion now inches closer and the Shaman, obviously controlling it allows it to sniff at that sloppy, wet cunt of the Troll-slut. Sniffing the aroma of Wyxt's arousal only makes the Stallion more intent on fucking this little bitch right now and with a low neighing, it rears up and plants its front hooves on either side of Wyxt, the orc and Human wisely making enough room. 

Wyxt groans from the wet sounds of that gnoll cock filling her ass again and again, ass jiggling faintly even with her lying atop him as his thrusts cause her heavy tits, the few times they're free of suckling lips, to flop and roll. The trolless' legs are spread wide, as much to try to stabilize herself on top of the sodomizing gnoll, as to offer her wet, hot, needy cunt to the horse now beginning to mount her over the root of the tree. The gnoll, in his lustful frenzy, would find Wyxt clenching, now, around his shaft, as he pounds into her bowels, both in anticipation and worry over the huge, swaying horse cock hovering over her snatch. Licking her lips somewhat nervously, her hair a mess, Wyxt tries to catch her breath, but the hammering of her ass keeps driving it out of her. 

The stallion neighs and shifts closer and his need is fueled by the murloc behind them. But probably, he would have taken this willing Troll-Slut for the offering, hot and needy as she lies before it,anticipating that large, hard shaft as the great horse ruts forward, pushing the head against Wyxt's wet, needy cunt, thrusting, searching for entry and finding it on the second try. Held back by the murloc's magic, the horse does not drive fully into the Troll-Slut which would have seriously damaged or even killed her, but the thick, hard cock fills her hot, needy cunt, spearing it, spreading it as the horse drives in deep, the tip of its cock stabbing at Wyxt's womb. All the while, the gnoll never ceases to rut into her clenching ass, grunting beneath her while the other two bandits continue to fondle and suck at her tits. 

Wyxt glances to Sia, in the camp, for just a moment while the stallion is paused above her, panting, almost drooling as she tries to catch her breath. Of course, as soon as Wyxt looks away to her beloved, the thick head of that blunt cock pushes against her cunt, driving a sharp gasp from the half-troll slut as she tenses, her thick, jiggling ass clenching tight around the pounding shaft in her ass, before the thick horse shaft finds her wet, drooling cunt, spreading the lips of her cunt wide as she groans and her back arches sharply. For once, Wyxt is a bit of a tight squeeze naturally, the horse more than a match for tauren after all, and Wyxt closes her eyes, giving a low, husky moan as she feels that thick cock filling her womb. A bit overwhelmed, for the moment, her hands on the human and orc are still as she shudders around that thick equine dick. 

Sia is still half-dazed but her gaze now finds Wyxt and a faint grin spreads her lips when she sees her beloved is receiving the same kind of cock she herself was fucked with. And fuck her the stallion does. Once settled in, the horse begins to drive into the Troll-slut with swift, powerful strokes, the only thing keeping it from hurting her being the murloc's magic. The thick, equine shaft spears her wet, sloppy cunt again and again even as the gnoll beneath her continues to furiously pound into her ass. Even in her dizzy haze, Wyxt can feel the gnoll tensing, about to shoot his load inside her tight ass while the human and orc continue their treatment of her jiggling, heavy tits, but they move their hips insistently, demanding her to continue with her hands as well. 

Wyxt jerks them off willingly... even if she couldn't focus enough to, the force of the horse's ramming cock causing her whole body to bounce up and down that equine cock and the gnoll's pounding dick beneath her is more than enough to cause Wyxt to grip the cocks in her hands just to steady herself, pumping them as she pants, sweating, trying to ride out the storm. Out of breath, the lavender half-trolless, back arched so each thrust of that thick horse cock spears her cunt fully and fills her needy womb, her orgasm already fast on the way, begins to purposefully bounce her ass against the gnoll's hips with the horse's help, the horse's cock filling her cunt enough to make her ass almost unbearably tight as she tries to loosen up for the gnoll, to milk his cock as she bounces along his shaft. 

The human and orc can barely keep Wyxt's big, flopping breasts restrained from the sheer horsepower of the pistoning equine's hips. The gnoll finally can't take any more and with a low growl and whine mixed together, he explodes inside her ass, sending thick, hot cum deep into her while he continues to pound into that almost unbearably tight ass. The sensation of being filled up in her ass while the gnoll's cock and thick equine shaft penetrate both her holes is nearly overwhelming. The horse continues its powerful, swift strokes and picks up speed and Wyxt can feel the hot breath of the stallion on her as it neighs and fucks this willing Troll-slut, rutting into her, spearing her willing, needy cunt again and again. The other bandits leer at the sight even while they hold her heavy, flopping tits in big, grasping hands and suck on those hard nipples, biting sucking and licking, mashing those bouncy tits greedily, rutting their hips into her hands. Wyxt 'is' overwhelmed by the combined work of the bandits and their mount. 

As the gnoll tenses in her ass, Wyxt is nearly delirious with lust, getting what few, small breaths she can in cute little gasps and pants, some of her saliva running down her cheek from the effort now, as she struggles to keep up with the intense fucking and sensations. When the first thick, hot spurt of cum fills her bowels, and the horse follows up with a rough, bestial thrust into her cunt right after, Wyxt is driven over the edge, groaning with pleasure, then nearly screaming Sia's name with lust and desire, as the juices of her orgasm lubricate that thick horse cock. She isn't conscious of pumping the two cocks in her hands, though her instincts keep her hands at work, thumbs rubbing at the most sensitive flesh beyond the swell of their cock-heads, before abruptly, Wyxt twists, just a bit, to pull the human towards her mouth, panting, gasping, unable to silence her groans, gasps, and lust. 

The human is all too eager to please Wyxt's seemingly insatiable lust and moves around chuckling and grunting. "Got ourselves two whores 'ere...an good ones!" he commented, his hands never leaving her heavy breasts as he positions himself behind her, letting her hands guide his cock to her lips. Once there, he roughly thrusts forward, pushing his cock straight between her lips and into her mouth to silence her moans. The horse of course doesn't relent, pushing, thrusting deep into her with its huge cock, the squeezing of her needy cunt as her climax takes her, spurred on by the increasing slickness. The gnoll gives her a few more thrusts, emptying himself completely in her and then lies unmoving beneath her, keeping her in position for the horse after all.  
