 Hello to those who may be reading this. I'm fairly new to this whole scene, having only started reading stories on Lit about a month or two ago. Most stories are all the same, so I thought I'd try adding something fresh into the mix. This is my 2nd submission. There may be more, depending on the reception this initial part gets. There will also be no sex in the beginning chapters, (assuming that I'll be writing more) as I really want to build up my characters, and make you at least feel some kind of emotional connection to them, be it love or hate.

I would also like to say that this is a fictional world, entirely conjured up in the day dreaming hub that is my mind. Tired of the conventional format and/or setting, I decided to create a world of my own. Any and all similarities to any people, living or long since passed are entirely a coincidence. That also applies to my made up world. If it in any way resembles that of any other, which is in any other stories you have read, is also a coincidence.

This is a world where technology is has been mixed with magic. For example, what powers electricity would be some kind of magical device, and not water, or wind, or the sun. Or cars, that don't run on fuel, but rather magical energy, either coming from a tank, or the driver.

Well, with all that having been said, in closing, I'd just like to say that depending on demand, I'll add to the series.

Anyway, Enjoy.

Dionysosk. 

*

Something seemed to be touching his chest. No, touching isn't the correct term, splashing onto his chest. Splash, splish, splash. What was it? Rain? The splashing however, seemed to be coming in a constant jet, and although smaller droplets were splashing all over him, it mostly was hitting him in one spot; his chest. Also, it was warm. Wait; warm? Was rain ever warm? No it wasn't. That's when he knew something was up. He slowly opened his eyes, his vision blurred, as his eyes adjusted. Slowly, he was starting to make out shapes, colours, and then sounds, slowly as everything came into focus. He then looked down, to his chest. Once his eyes hit their target, he was shocked to see some stray mutt, with its leg up, relieving itself on his chest. He tried to stop it, but he couldn't move. He had no energy whatsoever, and his head was throbbing like crazy. After the dog was finished, he looked at it, and made a mental note to kill it later. It walked off, and his eyes started to dart around, and take in his surroundings. Where was he? How did he get there? How long had he been out? Why had he been out? Who was he? He decided to answer these questions before deciding on a course of action. He tried and tried, but for some reason, he just couldn't remember how he got there, and the more he tried to figure it out, the more his head would throb. After failing to recall anything, he realised something; he couldn't even remember his own name. Panicking for a few minutes, he then had a brain wave. He'd just have to look at his Identification Card, and all his problems would be solved. Only problem was, other than a pair of boxers, he was completely naked.

As he could feel panic start to rise, he calmed down, and he tried to take in his surroundings. Although it was dark, he saw that he was in an alley. He could smell something foul and realised he had been tossed into a whole load of bins, and the garbage was all over the place. He then looked towards his right hand and saw something; a sword he assumed. His hand was on the hilt. He tried to see if he could move his fingers, and he was able to, so he gripped onto the hilt of the sword real tight, and pulled it towards him. Using it for support, he used it to pull himself up onto his feet, but this took multiple failures and a considerable amount of time. After finally to his feet, and not instantly falling back down, he started walking, using the sword as a walking stick of sorts. The sword was really long, and he assumed it was at least 6 feet in length, but as he was pretty tall himself, so it wasn't much of an issue.

He walked towards the light, at the end of the alley. As he approached it, he could hear sounds of life, people walking, talking laughing. Shop owners; peddling their goods, making loud sales pitches, enticing people to come to their shops. The sounds of music, dancing and movement. The smells of street food being cooked. It all beckoned to him, as he was hobbling, barely able to stand, using a giant sword as a crutch, naked except for a pair of boxer shorts. He needed to see if anyone recognised him, and if anyone was willing to help him. The closer he got to the alley exit, the more impatient he became, and the faster he hobbled, until he completely disregarded his physical condition and was moving too fast for his severely depleted body. His coordination was still fuzzy, which resulted in him losing his footing, tripping, flying over the threshold of the alley, and into the street, crashing unceremoniously into the ground. His huge sword went flying into a wall, and lodged half of itself in it, perfectly straight and horizontal. This caused many people to scream, and flee in fear. Those who remained; at the sight of this, all stopped what they were doing, and came to a complete standstill. They all watched as this mysterious figure stood up, with immense difficulty, yet no one offered a helping hand. Once standing, he turned and asked if anyone could help him, or if they at least recognised his face. As he looked around, he realised that almost everyone was much shorter than him, and all backing away slowly. He heard a booming voice asking for help, and slowly realised it was his own voice. He kept asking, now becoming hysterical, and his voice cracking in desperation. His voice was hoarse, and his throat was extremely dry. He didn't know when last he ate, or even had a drink of water. The more people backed away, the more vocal he became, asking why no one was helping him. The problem was, his voice was extremely loud, deep, and hoarse, and people mistook his desperation for anger, and hysterics for rage. Eventually, one person emerged from crowd that had now encircled him; a girl, no older than 20, came up to him, nerves visibly showing and asked

"Y-y-y-you ask us if n-n-none of us can recognise you a-at all?" She stammered. "Have you not s-seen yourself?"

"No." Replied, almost growling "I have just woken up, and have no idea who I am, that's why I'm asking you people for help!" His voice making the flinch.

The girl then pointed to a store window and said "P-please, look at you r-r-reflection in the window, then you w-w-will see—"

"I ALREADY KNOW I'M BASICALLY NAKED, THAT'S WHY I NEED HELP!!!" He thundered, his voice more intimidating than King Kong, swatting at planes like they were flies. The space the crowd gave him increased, as they all gasped and were intimidated even more. The girl however didn't run, she just shrunk and cowered. At the sight of her cowering, he immediately adopted a softer tone.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap, but please understand my frustrations. If no one recognises me, then—"

"Please. Look at the w-w-window." The girl replied.

He stumbled over towards the window, and as he got there, what looked back at him shocked him. There stood a tall frame, standing at around 6'5". His frame was wide, but not overly so. He was huge though, Shoulders, lats, triceps, biceps, trapezius muscles, calves, quads, abs, pecks, everything was huge, and ripped, and he had tattoos; thick black lines, tattooed down on both front and back of his arms and legs, and had what looked like a sun, tattooed on his chest, the rays zigzagging out. His skin was brown. An ashy brown though. Too dark to simply be a tan; yet too light for him to be black. But what got him, was the fact that he was masked. A masked that looked like the mask Death, one of the 4 knights of the apocalypse wore, except this covered his entire head, not even letting one hair out. He now understood why the people there on the street cowered around him. He was extremely imposing, and intimidating. He was built like Adonis, but looked like the evil version. He pulled as hard as he could, yet the mask would not budge. He damn near ripped his head off his shoulders, but nothing.

He dropped down to his knees, shocked, stunned, he then fell onto his hands, now on all fours. As his fingers slowly balled into fists, they dug into, and left ten lines in the pavement. After what seemed like an eternity to him, he lifted his lifted his right fist up into the air and screamed

"WHAT THE FUCK" and slamming his fist into the ground, he finished "IS THIIIIIIS?!!!"

The crowd gasped and jumped back, as his fist came crashing into the ground. When his fist came into contact with the pavement, a shockwave emanated from that spot, and the ground collapsed around his fist, send cracks through the ground in multiple directions, following immediately after the shockwave. The blocks which made up the pavement, separated, and started flying up, as a huge cloud of dust followed the blocks of pavement, which followed the shockwave. The force of the blow caused the wires from the electric poles to snap, and fall to the ground, as sparks of electricity went flying everywhere. Windows from all the shops in sight shattered, and a mini earthquake then followed. The crowd wanted to panic and scream and run, but was too scared shitless to even think of making a sound or moving. 

All was still, with neither the crowd, or the large confused amnesiac still on all fours, with his right fist buried in the remains of the pavement, making a sound. Finally, the girl who was speaking to him earlier approached, and asked

"A-a-are you o-ok?"

He looked at her, realising that she was absolutely terrified of him, even more than before.

Struggling to his feet, then hobbling over to his sword, still lodged perfectly perpendicular to the floor; he pulled the sword out, and leant on it for support once again. He looked back to the girl.

"No." He groaned "But thanks for asking" as he stumbled on down the street, he turned to the crowd.

"Sorry for all the damage I've caused. Once I'm good for it, I promise I'll pay you back."

He turned, and made his way down the street, until he found himself in another alley, where he looked around, and sat, and fell asleep.

He awoke a few hours later, still clutching the sword, he finally examined it. Gosh, was it a piece of work. It looked as though in had been carved out of the skull of some kind of large mythical creature, like a dragon or something. It massive and knarled, and as he had earlier deduced, was very long. Most wouldn't even be able to support its weight. It was also very wide, about a foot in width, and had all sorts of rivets and sharp spiky things that jutted out. However, despite its appearance, it was actually very flat, and extremely sharp. The handle was extremely long, and thick, wrapped with a long black leather strap. I was kind of a grotesque looking weapon; that was clearly meant for maiming, as well as killing. Upon close inspection, he noticed a name that had been inscribed into the sword. Looking closer, read each letter out loud.

"X-A-N-D-E-R. Is....is that who I am? Is that my name? If this is my sword, then it should be." He let out a sigh of relief, and stared up into the night sky, softly whispering his name repeatedly. He finally knew a bit about himself, other than the fact that he was huge, and also strong. The destroyed street was evidence of that. He laughed a little bit and that, and sat back to relax.

As Xander was slowly drifting off again, he suddenly heard a loud crash, and a lot screaming, cursing, and yelling. Getting up, he lifted his sword onto his shoulder, surprised that none of the barbs pierced his skin, and headed toward the direction of the noises.

Xander was now running, wondering where all this energy was coming from. He hadn't eaten or had anything to drink since regaining consciousness, and didn't know how long he'd been out, yet here he was running, with a giant sword on his shoulder. Running through alleys, dodging trash cans and sleeping hobos, jumping over obstacles, using agility he never knew he had, he turned a corner, and ran into a confrontation.

He saw one man, dressed a leather tunic, accompanied by leather greaves, boots, and gloves. He had two very well made short swords on either hip, in scabbards that were adorned with gold and silver. He had a cloak on, and a hood, covering his head, and thus Xander could not make out any facial features. This man was surround by 5 other men, all dressed in rags and dirty clothing, carrying crude weapons, maces, swords, flails, and they surrounded the hooded man. A very large man, as tall as Xander, but much wider, with massive, muscled shoulders, huge pecks, and a massive beer gut stood there, wearing crude leather armour himself. He had a large fuzzy beard, with a bold nose, and looked like a typical thug boss. They were all laughing as their boss came forward, and finally spoke with a loud booming voice

"Well, well, well, boys, it appears we have some prey! Now Darius, whoops, I mean, Master Darius, what are you doing so far from you guild? It's not safe at all for a man to be walking around here alone in the middle of the night, especially a man your age. One can't tell what might happen. Now, we are being kind enough to offer you our protection Master Darius, from big bad wolves that come out to eat at night. All we ask for in return, is 100 000 rugals. That much money shouldn't be too much for a man in your position, now should it, Master Darius? If however, you choose to turn down our generous proposal, we aren't responsible for what happens to you...." He emphasised this, by drawing his dagger, and licking along the length of the blade, very slowly.

Master Darius just laughed out loud, before drawing both his blades, and then striking his battle pose.

The boss then screamed "C'MON BOYS!! Diplomacy didn't work with this wad of panty waste! Let's gut him like a pig, and then surely, a rival guild will pay us handsomely, and all we'll have to worry about for the next few months is what to drink, and which bitches to fuck! LET'S GET 'IM!!!"

And with that, before they could strike this Darius guy (and before he could strike them), Xander was on them in a flash. He flew towards the boss, right leg straight, left bent, and planted his bare foot directly onto the boss' face. As the boss' head snapped back, he pushed with his foot, doing a back flip, landing just in front of Darius. Then, moving the sword of his shoulder, he swung down on one of the men, who just managed to get his weapon up, and hold it above him horizontally, as the giant sword swung down towards him with ferocity. Sword; made contact with sword, Xander clutching the sword in his right hand. The force from the blow pushed the thug down into the ground with a shock wave, creating a mini crater where the thug stood. Then, shifting his left foot forward in a semi circular motion, and drawing his left arm back, bending his elbow, he then straightened his arm, fingers curving mid way, not covering the palm, and he thrust it into the thugs sternum, hearing crack, and sending him flying through the wall, leaving a cloud of dust where the impact was. He then looked to the left, and saw one of the thugs running towards him. Sword still in hand, he dragged it along the ground, sparks following the path the sword was taking, then with force, Xander swung the sword up into the air, almost like an upper cut, leaving him basically floating in the air. The Shockwave travelled through the ground, splitting it, and leaving it open behind it, like a gorge. Before the thug knew what was happening, he was in mid air, with a long gash starting from his abs, going up to his shoulder, spraying blood like a fountain, as he was thrown back, rag dolling his way into another wall.

As Xanders' feet made contact with the ground, his right knee buckled, and he stumbled a bit. The boss thug then took this moment to spring from the shadows, and try a surprise attack, and swung his giant mace. Xander saw this just in time, turning his blade sideways; right hand on the handle, left on the blade, he positioned his foot behind his failing right for support, and dug it into the ground, he tilted his torso back slightly, and as the mace hit the flat of the blade, turning the wrist of his right hand at the same time turning his left hand in the same direction, he used the momentum of the mace to deflect the blow, and direct it into the ground. Keeping the move going, he then moved his foot along the ground in the semi circular motion once again, kicking up dust, and moving his entire body around. As he reached the 360th degree of his movement, he sprung off his right foot and leapt towards the boss, with his right arm across his body, holding the sword, which was lagging behind. 

The boss had already abandoned the mace and gripped his two handed sword and was waiting for Xander to swing, which he did. First swing, blade met blade, with sparks lighting the dark alley. Second swing, blade met blade, however due to Xanders lack of energy, he was pushed back, stumbling slight. The boss saw this as a chance, and he brought the blade down with force. His lack of skill however was his downfall, as Xander easily and skilfully side stepped the blow, then launched himself at the boss, bringing his fist to the boss' gut with such a powerful short uppercut, that the boss proceeded to vomit everything he had for dinner onto the floor, before passing out.

Xander was about to relax, before he remembered that he'd only taken care of half of the bastards. He turned around quickly, before seeing something he hadn't expected. Master Darius had defeated the other 3 thugs, so quickly and easily, that he had tied up all 3, piled them on top of each other, and sat on then, as though they were the most comfortable couch in the world. He looked at Xander, and beneath the hood, Xander saw perfect white teeth.

Xander laughed, and as he was about to ask how Master Darius had done that, his stomach growled audibly. Master Darius was stunned, and Xander giggled, before his vision went blurry, and eventually black. Before passing out, he heard Darius ask.

"Hey kid, wait! What's your name?!"

"Xander..." he replied, before passing out.

Xander awoke with a start. Something was wrong. He was warm, and was sleeping on something soft. Seeing as the last previous two times hadn't been so pleasant, the thought he was dead. His eyes adjusted to his new surroundings, and he found himself in a room; a very nice room. He was sleeping in a huge bed, and was terribly comfortable. All of a sudden, the door o the room opened, and an older looking man walked in. He looked to be in his mid to late fifties, long grey hair, and a well trimmed beard. He looked at this man with a confused look on his face, to which the man just smiled. He recognised that perfect smile.

"Xander; I see you're awake. How are you feeling kid?"

"Master Darius, where are we. And what exactly are you a master of?"

"We are in my guild. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Master Darius Lex. It's pronounced 'Dar-eye-us', not 'Dar-ee-us'. I am the Master of this guild, Lex Guild, pleased to meet you!" He said, flashing that perfect smile

Xander, still feeling confused asked "That's nice and everything, but why am I here?"

"Because you passed out from starvation, and I don't know where you live. Well, that, and I want to join my guild. What do you say Xander?"

To be continued....

*

Well, that was the beginning of the story of Xander. Lemme know how you like it in the comments section.

Peace.

DionysosK. 