 It goes without saying that in the wilderness, you can't afford to let your guard down. Traveling from forest to forest, city to city, one's likely to meet all sorts of unsavory folk and beasts, and the two trollesses in question, tonight, have already had an encounter or two that luckily turned out pleasant enough. Tonight, on the edge of the forest, Wyxt hugs herself in her sleep, lying on a thin mat not so far away (but far enough!) near the low embers of a dying fire. Soothing the sleeping trolless, unknown to the both of them, is a very odd, tiny floating mass of glossy green tentacles, a large red eye peering down at Wyxt as it pets and soothes the lavender trolless. Sia is on watch, not so far away.. it's her turn to watch for trouble. Of course, no one can blame her if one or two of their kids slip by.**

Sia is peering into the darkness quietly, leaned back against a tree comfortably, though not too comfortably so as not to accidentally drift off to sleep. She doesn't really like guard-duty, but then again, it's part of the traveling life and truth be told, sometimes, a little time to think was not even bad. Tonight though, she doesn't think much, not much coming to mind. The days of traveling have dragged on and on by now and there is not much to think about except of how they got here and where they were going and that topic was slowly exhausting itself as a source for interesting thoughts. So her crimson gaze just looks out into the night, peering, alert, watching for signs of trouble.

Brigands are known to frequent the edges of these woods... hoping to catch travelers on the outskirts, to mug and run under cover of the trees. Even now they shift through the brush and trees, the faint wisps of smoke and light still drawing them like moths to the flame as they approach from the east. Not too many, two mounted brigands and three on the ground. Two men, an orc, and of all things, a murloc and a gnoll. The murloc looks to be some sort of shamanic type, clad in heavy, thick leathers, bright yellow eyes darting here and about. Some distance away, the scent of troll, of female troll, causes the murloc shaman to pause. His hulking guard, a gnoll clad in grisly blood stained armor and holding a massive poleaxe, comes to a stop, raising an eyebrow. The brigands don't seem to much care for each other, being a motley crew.

The murloc, however, seems to be the leader. Clutching a stave in one three fingered claw, a long, alien tongue running along its 'lips' as it glances up to the human glaring down at it from atop his saddle, the murloc puts a finger of its free hand to its lips. The gnoll leans down, and the murloc, whispering in their bizarre, crazy language, says something to the gnoll guard, who stands, and grins faintly. "Women." said in a husky, very low whisper. Horses are held still and quiet, the brigands all exchanging glances. Everyone knew what that meant. The murloc slips forward, the gnoll quietly, at least, as quiet as he can be, following behind.

Sia is still watching, and she feels a faint tingling as though she should see something, or as if something was watching her. Her attention is piqued. She knows about the bandits in this area, knows that there are quite a few who stalked traveling people, such as Wyxt and herself, but then again it might just be another traveler, or just an animal, maybe even a pack prowling the woods. She shifted a bit, but remained seated against the tree, her crimson gaze staring into the darkness ahead, trying to see if there was anything she could make out, any kind of shape that would be an explanation for that strange tingling sensation. Her large breasts rise and fall slowly with her steady breathing, pressed together tightly as usual by her crimson dress, one leg drawn up to her chest and thus exposed to the night's air.

The gnoll splits from the shaman. At a nod from the murloc, along with a grotesque (as most things are with the fish men) wink, the gnoll shambles towards the camp, the shaft of his poleaxe clasped in both hands. Grunting, growling, the bandit is easy to spot as the light flicks off his armor, drawing close to the sleeping Wyxt, who has wisely started sleeping in her thong, at least. ...At the sight of the curious little demon tending to her though, the gnoll blanches. Males have learned the hard way that the dream stalkers don't particularly 'have' to use females. Backing away, the gnoll glances over his shoulder towards the humans, shaking his head quite firmly. Hell no. The murloc on the other hand, waits, watching, eyes narrowed. One hand on its staff, the other fingers ingredients in his pocket, waiting. Waiting for her to attack the gnoll that seemed to think himself sneaky. Was she a warrior, or a caster, was the question.

Sia shifts fluidly into a standing position and her eyes seem to be ablaze suddenly with inner light and fire. Shadows seem to dance over the trolless' skin as she calls forth her power, the power of the shadows. Eyes gleam with dangerous fury at the thought of anyone trying to attack her beloved while sleeping and from her fingertips a bolt of shadow lurches, hurtling through the night's air towards the gnoll even as she prepares yet another shadowy attack. She is focused on the gnoll, not having seen the murloc yet and not intent on detecting any more threats until this one would be out of the way.

The murloc grins. If not for the thick, shaggy hides and leathers, one could see the firelight play off its glossy, pointed teeth as Sia reveals herself. The murloc 'could' drop his totem, and save the gnoll a stinging lash of pain, but the murloc is elitist. Maybe a lash of fire will teach the gnoll to be a little more watchful for sentries, instead of blindly assuming there were none about. Ah well. The gnoll yelps as he's hurtled to the ground, his ax falling in the dirt and one hand going to his shoulder, at the strangely 'cold' pain of the shadow pulling at his soul. The murloc, though, naturally has other plans. A totem is dropped, corrupting powders of fel origin sprinkled over the vile totem as the murloc gurgles and chants. "Mrrrrrgggglllleee..." 

Abruptly, the totem fills with a dark power, a corrupted twist to the magic absorbing but wholesome totems often used in the horde. When Sia goes to cast her next spell, the totem draws the very spell from her lips, and the trolless would find herself, at least when trying to cast magic, mute and numb, the totem feeding off the shadowy energies. Of course, it's not permanent, the murloc eying the bag of fel dust as the brigands look on with faint disgust (but fear and admiration.). Abruptly, the orc would appear at Sia's side, clad in black leather, one thick fist reaching for her arm, the other holding a dagger in hand. "Ye ain't got much, don't give us no trouble troll bitch, or we'll gut ye an' have ya f'r dinner!"

Sia whirls around. She might not be as strong as she used to be, not as quick as she used to be when she was an elite spy, scout and assassin for the Horde, but she had not forgotten everything. One hand reaches for her staff and in the same, sweeping motion, brings it around to aim a blow at the orc's hand reaching for her. She would have screamed if she could, but as the Totem was muting her, and also numbing her, the whole action was more or less uncoordinated and weak, though she hoped that at least the surprise would work for her. She only had to distract them long enough for the muteness to go away...only that long.

The gnoll slaps somewhat desperately at the lingering shadowy bolt that won't seem to let go of its shoulder, cold seeping into its flesh, numbing its arm as it pants frantically. Strangely, Wyxt doesn't wake, but the reason why would be revealed when the gnoll rolls away, the tiny dream stalker keeping the trolless asleep, not quite understanding that there's trouble about and Wyxt needs to wake. It didn't help that Sia hadn't known it was there in the first place. Sia's surprising whirl DOES catch the orc off guard, and he skips back two steps, wincing painfully from the numb feeling in his fingers as he grunts. "Ye daft?! We'll kill th' both o' ye ya don't coordinate, green skin." The cavalry, apparently, has arrived, one of the men, clad in burlap and leathers, peering down at her. A crossbow sits in his hand, and while the lot of them clearly don't want to go anywhere near the dream stalker soothing Wyxt's apparently troubled sleep, the men don't quite seem to think killing from afar beneath them. The orc blows on his fingers, looking relieved to find none of them broken, before he moves to grab her around the waist, seeking to tackle her to the ground. "Yer gonna pay f'r that trollop!" The murloc watches in silence and amusement. He plans to have a little fun with this one later, but let the men savor first. They'll owe him and have to thank him later. The gnoll sits up on one knee as shadow bleeds out of him, filtering into the green glowing totem and it gives a low whine in thanks.

Sia snarls...well, she would snarl if she could make a sound, but now she has no chance of resisting much anymore. The staff flies from her hand as she is tackled to the ground and lands on her back, wincing slightly as the breath is pushed from her lungs. Heavy tits jiggle with the impact and her dress is torn in several places from the rough ground, causing the already present tears in the fabric to widen, exposing more glossy, green skin to the night's air. She flails about wildly, kicking and punching for a moment, but the freezes when she realizes the men have crossbows armed at her and at Wyxt. She bites her lips...they had her. She could not do anything that would possibly harm her beloved.

The two men on horseback trade grins as the orc tosses his dagger aside. This close, he doesn't need the dagger. One foot kicking away the staff, the orc grins down at her as he pins her to the ground, his thick, burly leather clad chest pressing somewhat tightly against her heavy tits as he grunts with approval. "I be sayin' we found quite the treasure. Too bad the damned eye worm is fondling the other." One of the men mutters. The orc, and the men, glance to the murloc standing off to the side in the shadows. With the faintest of nods from the murloc, the orc wastes no time.

He shifts, moving to pin her arms at her side so he can hike up her dress. Unlike the other brigands, who plan to use the time for a little fun, the orc is going to have to be the first sentry. That, and he doesn't want to wait, he's not a big fan of sloppy seconds like some of the men. His stiff, thick cock throbbing, even through the leather of his pants, against her leg, he moves to get her disrobed as one of the humans dismounts to help.

Sia growls or, again, would have growled had she been able to. As it is, she just stares up at the orc defiantly for a moment, but the pressure on her large breasts does arouse her, particularly since the hard leather rubs at her nipples through the thin fabric of her clothing and being the slut she is, that already makes for her cunt to grow wet under her thong even before she feels the thick cock against her leg and feels them beginning to undress her. She struggles a little still, but it is a weak struggle and she is more or less accepted to what will certainly be coming. Make the best of it...that was what she had said to Wyxt when they had been captured by those Quillboars and why shouldn't that apply now? 

The orc blinks with pleasure when those heavy tits swell against his chest, the arousal evident even through his leather. "Ye looking to make a little trollorc whore?" he chuckles. Slipping his pants down, one of the human men holding her arms down now, the rogue orc grunts, one tusk lightly grazing Sia's cheek, as he crushes himself against her, slipping up between her legs. He tugs sharply on the thong, seeking to snap it rather than simply pull it off as he grunts, taking a moment to savor the sight of Sia's dripping wet, hungry cunt, before he slips forward, the head of his thick, throbbing green cock rubbing against the wet lips of her pussy. His breath is hot on her face, then on her neck, before he rams himself into her warmth, spreading her lips wide, hands seeking those heavy tits to maul them now.

Sia widens her eyes briefly and her lips open in a silent gasp as her hungry cunt is speared by that thick cock. She lurches slightly underneath the orc, but instead of withdrawing as he might be used to from other "treasures", she instead moves her hips to grind them against him, seeking to bury him deep within her. Her cunt, loose as it may be to slip into, clenches down on that thick cock, squeezing it, pulling it further inside her as she arches her back to push her heavy, large breasts against his mauling hands. She licks her lips a little, her gaze briefly flicking over to Wyxt. Her only regret at this moment is that her beloved is asleep and can't watch things, but then again, she is glad that their children are providing for protection from these bandits.

The orc is surprised, and the humans, chuckling but a bit nervously. The gnoll and murloc watch in silence, the gnoll licking its muzzle, the murloc idly rubbing its stave as the orc grunts. He has to be nearly a foot long, the orc very well hung, used to 'tenderizing' treasures to see just how much they can take. Pinching her wet, thick nipples between his fingers as his hips shift, spreading her legs all the wider, the orc grunts as his balls settle on Sia's hot, plush ass, the orc leaning down against her, pushing himself deeper into her clenching cunt until he's balls deep. Then, leaning over her, his hands leave her tits, to settle over her arms, pinning her beneath him as his back arches and he begins to fuck her in thick, vigorous strokes with that slightly ribbed, thick green shaft, the sounds of fucking starting to fill the air.

Sia, still muted, can only moan in silence, though her features reveal enough of the lust this Troll-slut is feeling as the orc begins to thrust into her. Her body shakes with every one of those powerful thrusts and her tits jiggle with it, bouncing slightly as she arched her back, grinding her hips against the orc hungrily, her well-trained cunt-muscles clenching around the thick, ribbed shaft, goading the orc, teasing him to thrust and fuck her as fast and hard as he can. Her tongue darts out, licking her lips and over her small tusks as she twists her head a little, looking around to see who else was there in close range, wondering what the others were waiting for. There's after all, more than one hole to be filled in this slut.

Oh, they know. Already, one of the men's pants have hit the dirt, his hand stroking a modestly sized shaft, the smell of pre-cum mingling with the smell of wet, cock-filled cunt as he grins. "Let her up a bit, lets see those pretty lips work eh Osc?" The orc grunts, and he sweeps one arm beneath her, to pin her arms to her sides even as he crushes her heavy tits against his chest. Now, it's revealed that the orc is somewhat short, his face nearly even with her tits, his free hand used on the ground for leverage as he pounds into her wet cunt, causing her tits to jiggle against his chest with every thrust... the orc doesn't hold back, doesn't show any 'mercy,' setting a furious, fast rhythm, just wanting to fill this hot troll bitch with his thick porcine seed.

The human standing beside them weaves his fingers into Sia's hair, guiding her face to his cock as if she wouldn't be drawn to it anyway, cock rubbing against her cheeks, cock slapping her and getting pre-cum across her lips a moment as he teases the slutty troll. "Ya want that thick meat eh, ya hungry slut? Lets see how much eh?" He waits for her to lick him, to take him in her mouth himself, as the other hand, rubbing at his crotch now, but waiting, grins.

Sia licks her lips once more, tasting the delicious pre-cum on her lips before her tongue darts out to lick along the length of the human's shaft, small tusks grazing over the sensitive skin before she draws back just a little, but only to put her lips around the head of that cock and guide it into her mouth, the small tusks now serving as guidance for that cock. She moves to take it in deeper and deeper until it hits the back of her throat, where she gags briefly until she relaxes and takes it that additional bit into her throat, face now buried in the human's crotch while she continues to ride the orc, her hips grinding back against every fierce thrust, cunt clenching tightly around the thick shaft to milk it for everything it's worth.

The orc grunts, breath heavy, lost in lust, as he buries the head of his shaft deep into Sia's womb, feeling her sealed tight around him, milking his cock for all he's worth and then some. Sweating, the smell of leather on the air mingling with the lewd sounds of fucking, his balls slapping her ass again and again, the orc tenses suddenly, telltale, as he thrusts deep, with a savage lunge, into the trolless. Hips bump roughly against her own, jarringly, as he groans, and his balls tense, thick, hot, stringy ropes of cum beginning to lash at Sia's sensitive womb, filling up her slutty cunt as he grunts into her breasts. A horse paws nervously at the ground at the sounds of fucking and lust nearby.

The human in Sia's mouth grins as she begins to suckle on his cock, then eyebrows raise rather high when she begins to flat out deep throat him, the human surprised by her talent and feeling his knees go weak as the head of his sensitive shaft rubs against her throat. Her nose buried in his crotch hair, it takes the brigand a long moment just to regain his composure, but he grits his teeth... if he came too soon, he wouldn't be much of a man before his peers. Hands woven in her hair now, he begins to fuck those slutty troll lips, groaning with pleasure that excites the other men.. this trolless is a rare, skilled find indeed.

Sia would now possibly even chuckle between moaning, but a) she's still mute and b) she's got a cock deep in her throat and she isn't about to let go of it, no sir. Feeling the orc spill his seed inside her womb only makes her that much more horny, the brief but furious fuck not yet having been enough to get the trolless over the edge. She continues to buck her hips, grinding them, slamming them down onto the orc to keep him buried deep inside her, milking his thick shaft of every last drop of cum while she begins to bob her head slowly, sliding that cock between her lips in and out of her mouth and throat, taking it in as deep as possibly and, when it is back in her throat, swallowing around it, squeezing the shaft inside her mouth tightly.

The orc grunts and thrusts against her, filling that cum slick, needy cunt with his spurting cock again and again, but he can only hold out so long before he begins to feel his stamina declining. With a grunt, he finally rolls off of her, taking a moment to rub his cum-coated cock against her thigh as he rises. He pulls up his pants, and hastily moves to the perimeter to set up watch, rubbing sweat from his brow and panting.

...The other human, of course, wastes no time at all, slipping down between her legs and feeding his dick into her like a snake. "Smooth an' slick..." he mumbles as he pushes in... apparently savoring the way his cock displaces that thick, stringy seed, as he fills her cunt up once more.

The standing man thrusts between Sia's lips, grunting, fucking her suckling lips and swallowing throat like it's a pussy in itself. "We're going to have to see what else a slut like this'll do. Wonder if we can get our hands on the other..." he grunts as he fucks those faintly grinning lips, balls slapping against her chin with each lunge, his hands in her hair holding her in place for him, since she seems to be able to take him so well. Loving the feel of her tongue on his cock, on the way she works his shaft that already has him sweating and panting, the brigand doesn't say more. The gnoll, on the other hand, with a lecherous grin and whine, moves to one of the horses, the murloc nodding in approval and beginning to whisper some other fel chant as he moves to the steed.
