 I confess, these chapters are NOT in perfect chronological order, there's just too many and I never organized them properly before. I might reorganize them at a later date, but until then, please enjoy the random smut of Wyxt and Sia.

--

Wyxt arrives at the edge of the downs with Sia in tow, fiery blade clasped in her hands, the glow of the flames reflected off of her scales as she enters the small 'village' outside of the Razorfen downs themselves. Having traveled through before (...but as a hunter!), the quillboar seem to have made themselves scarce, and Wyxt looks around cautiously as they pass through the village heading towards the entrance to the dungeon. "Where all th' resistance be?" Murmured curiously. She turns occasionally, to make sure her beloved isn't jumped, but things are ominously quiet around them.

Sia walks behind Wyxt quietly, hands on the staff she is now carrying instead of the knives she once did. Shadowy orbs twirl around her body in irregular patterns, seeming to zip now this way then that, surrounding her as she walks, protecting her. Her eyes are narrowed. She, too remembers this place from way back, but it has been a long while since she has visited and she does not remember the place too well, so she sticks to Wyxt's lead, but is careful, eyes zipping now this way, then that, looking around for possible threats.

Unknown to Sia and Wyxt, though, the Lich that ran the Downs was 'quite' aware of their intrusion. Watching through the eyes of undead razorfen and with the considerable powers of necromancy at his disposal, he considers the two scantily clad troll women with the curious tattoos over their curvy bodies. By no means did the Lich have any interest in sex 'himself.' After all, he's all bones and regardless of whether he has 'that' bone or not, very 'serious' business. But the two intrigue him. Unaware that the two troll women are protected by C'thun and 'highly unlikely' to get pregnant, he believes an experiment is underway. ...So the way to the dungeon remains clear, but the way behind them is slowly, but surely, closed off, when he notices that the hunter is pretending to be a warrior today.

Sia frowns slightly, seeing the entrance to the Downs as they approach it. She is wary, knowing for a fact that the intrusion hadn't been so simple the last time, but then again, what could possibly be different now? She pondered a moment, but then shrugged her shoulders as they continued onwards. "It be quiet..." she mumbles softly, giving voice to her concern a little, though she does not slow or halt, continuing steadily onward behind her beloved.

Wyxt tries not to stare at Sia too hard, looking exotic and sexy as always. She looks back to the area before her, sniffing. Into the maw of the beast they go, that large, skeletal head leading to the tunnel that leads to the actual dungeon, and finally, trouble happens. Down the tunnel comes the sound of hooves against the dirt, two undead boars charging their way down the hall. Wyxt realizes, somewhat belatedly, that the boars, half rotten but with a ferocious gleam in their eyes, might just be a little out of her league, but she brings her sword to bear, confident... until a Death's Head necromancer and the vile Razorfen hunter that owns the boars turn around the corner. 'Immediately,' the necromancer pulls out a scroll, seeking to drain Sia's mana and weaken her, as the boars charge at Wyxt.

Sia snarls slightly as she realizes what is going on and her energies are being sucked from her even as she begins calling for the energy to heed her command. She manages a bolt of shadow, flying from her fingertips towards the Necromancer, but then, knowing she won't have much more chance she tries to resist the draining of her mana, raising a shield first around her and then around Wyxt, too. Inexperienced as she is, she does not know that, while the shield does protect Wyxt from the onslaught of the attackers for a bit, it won't protect her from the energy draining effects.

Wyxt knows she's in trouble, and that she's brought Sia into trouble, the moment the necromancer starts chanting. She'd overestimated herself, always used to coming here as a hunter, with Trogdor at her side and an awfully powerful bow in hands, but as a warrior? She isn't much more than a novice right now. And foolishly, the bow has been left on the boat, since the searing hot blade would otherwise set it aflame on her back when carried. Cursing her foolishness and foul luck, Wyxt parries the first boar's charge, blade causing the boar to turn aside to avoid, narrowly, being skewered, but the second boar catches her on the side, hitting her in the hip to knock her off balance, and also, to ruin that protective shield. The Razorfen hunt calmly puts a dart into his bow, and waits until her back is turned and Sia is weak, before firing two darts at them... a feverish drug to sedate the two and reduce their resistances and will to fight.

Sia blinks and gasps as she is hit, but does not go down immediately. Even though her stamina is not what it once has been, she remains on her feet, wobbly for a while, but she is reduced to not doing much basically. her mana spent, all she can do is watch helplessly as Wyxt tumbles and falls, her shield gone and her own depleted as well. Then the feverish drug sets in, clouding her vision, making her go limp and weak, dropping to her knees on the floor and letting go of her staff.

Sia and Wyxt, drugged and weakened as they are, are, of course, taken captive, since they wouldn't make very good experiments if they were killed out here in the tunnel. The Razorfen hunter binds them together, Putting Wyxt and Sia back to back after disrobing them completely, the two troll ladies too sluggish and, for the moment, drowsy to really realize what's even going on. Secured by ropes around their biceps and a tough cord that wraps around their waists, the thing, possessed by undead strength, picks up the two drugged troll women and takes them towards the cages where prisoners are kept. The necromancer looks quite smug and pleased... after all, unlike the faithful minions that are going to fuck these trollesses, he is alive and quite looking forward to the orders they've been given for the night.

Sia blinks slowly, the hazy fog still in her mind and she can't think straight, doesn't even really know what's going on. Unable to move or think clearly, she tries to focus on clearing her mind at least somewhat, but that doesn't have much of the desired effect except a bit of a headache. her eyes open, but beyond a bit of blurry schemes, she can't really see much and even if she did notice shapes in the mists, she can't place them at all.

Wyxt for her own part, has actually dozed off for a moment, the fever hitting her surprisingly hard. The dart is plucked from her neck, and Sia's is as well, carefully, and the two hot troll women are, for just a little while left alone outside of the cages. Someone is talking (the human in the cages), but it's impossible for them woozy as they are, to make out the words. Sia would notice, as Wyxt does, that the drug has another effect. They'd both be feeling aroused, and when fingers come to rub at Sia's heavy tits, a furred, thick finger rubbing against her slit, she'd find herself surprisingly 'sensitive' where touched, as the Razorfen quillboar kneeling before her gets her warmed up. Wyxt apparently is receiving the same treatment, as Sia can feel, with Wyxt pressed against her as she is, Wyxt's legs spreading slightly as she moans.

Sia, too moans softly from the attentions, still unable to clearly make out what's happening, but enjoying the feelings she is receiving for certain. She tries to shift a bit, but, finding that next to impossible, she just spreads her legs apart slowly, the touch making her desire more of it. Bound to Wyxt as she is, that's another stimulant for Sia at least, feeling her beloved, naked against her back, her hands weakly try to get a hold of something, but, still woozy as she is, only a weak attempt comes off it.

Wyxt moans, her own hands clenched at her sides as a thick finger, then another, spreads the lips of her dripping wet sex. There's a sickly sweet aroma on the air, but that's quickly being buried under the smell of arousal. Sia's hands find something, in fact, they find the very boars that knocked Wyxt down, her hands brushing against their legs until they sift, and she finds her hands on some very long, tough curved shafts, the boars themselves all too willing to get stroked by the sluts. Then, the smell of sex, with that sweet undertone, grows all the stronger, as another Razorfen steps up to Sia. The smell of cock in her face, he rubs the head of his shaft against her lips, the quillboar hung like nothing short of a tauren, mostly likely due to being undead.

Wyxt herself is presented with the same offer... the quillboar wanted to be slick and the fucking to be smooth, because if they hurt the trollesses 'too much' then the experiment, the attempt to impregnate them to see what came of it, most certainly was going to be jeopardized. Disoriented as she is, it takes a few moments for Wyxt to realize what is rubbing against her cheek, and her licking, rough tongue curls against the side of that thick shaft as she gets a taste for it, verifying... but she's not given much choice, her mouth open, as the quillboar takes a hold of her helmet and slips his cock into her mouth, tongue pressed tight against the head of his shaft as Wyxt groans around the sudden intrusion.

Sia moans softly again, her head rolling back a bit as she feels the cock rubbing against her cheeks and nearly automatically, her lips part. For one, the drug is still working on her and for another...well, she IS a slut and the scents of sex and arousal make her feel right at home. Still, something seems a little odd, but the little opening off her mouth is all that Quillboar needs , thrusting the thick, long shaft into her mouth to the back of her throat. She gags briefly, relaxing as her hand squeezes that shaft that has been slipped into it and she shivers slightly.

Wyxt groans as the quillboar hastily roots himself in her mouth, herself gagging faintly on the curious aroma curling around her nose now as he fucks those thick dick sucking lips. Sia's Razorfen, though, is not looking to get his cock sucked. When the necromancer wanted to just watch for fun, they could do that, but for now... after holding himself in Sia's mouth and throat for a few seconds, making sure his cock is lathered with saliva and good and wet, the quillboar in Sia's mouth pulls out, a string of saliva hanging from the heavy cock head to Sia's lips. Hands come to rest on Sia's waist, and she's lifted, Wyxt herself standing... but Wyxt is bent over, her tits hanging beneath her and swaying with each thrust into her mouth, as Sia is laid on Wyxt's back. Hands come to rest on Sia's thighs, spreading her legs lewdly wide, before that thick, long shaft presses against her dripping wet cunt, the quillboar wasting no time as he begins to thrust into her, the thick head of his upturned shaft spreading her wide. The two boars below grunt as Sia's hands leave their shafts, but wait obediently, scratching at the dirt and watching. Several other quillboar stand around as well... they had to make sure the two troll sluts got more than their share of hot cum to guarantee success.

Sia groans, gasping as she is positioned on Wyxt's back and her legs spread so wide. Her eyes half closed, still confused and not quite sure what to make of the situation entirely, she then gasps again, louder this time, as the Quillboar thrusts into her hot, dripping-wet sex. She moans, her large breasts bouncing with the thrusts into her, nipples hardened from her arousal. Her pussy, though by now rather wide does clamp tight around that penetrating shaft, more or less out of the instinct, it's just what this little slut does when she feels she is being fucked and despite her dizziness and her confusion, her body reacts to the stimulations as it always does.

Wyxt should be glad her warrior training has paid off for something, but for the moment, all she knows is that something is still fingering her dripping wet cunt, and there is a thick, hot dick fucking its way between her tusks and into her swallowing throat. The two razorfen find a rhythm in no time, after all, they are mindless and being controlled by the necromancers. They don't go easy on the two trolless though, aiming for speed more than anything else... The quillboar fucking Sia places his hands on her waist once his cock is rooted in Sia's clamping cunt, his balls resting against her ass and his snout buried between her tits, tusks tickling at her breasts and rubbing, before, the head of his cock bumping against the back of her womb, he begins to fuck her vigorously, causing heavy tits to flop with each thrust.

Sia gasps again, pressing her eyes shut as the Quillboar begins to thrust into her vigorously and with quick, powerful strokes. Her large tits jiggling with every one of those thrusts, she can do little, bound and positioned as she is. Feeling Wyxt beneath her does give a sense of comfort though, even if she is still not really sure she should be enjoying this. Her body though, knows what to do and it reacts as a slut like her would react, wriggling her hips a bit, inviting that shaft to come in as deep as possible as she's spread open wide, her juices flowing down from the dripping wet sex to Wyxt beneath her. Her breasts rub against the tusks and snout of the Quillboar fucking her, the sensitive skin being scraped by those tusks adding to Sia's arousal.

Wyxt is, for the most part, just receiving the cock between her lips, but Sia's soft gasps, and then, the telltale hot trickle of Sia's own arousal down the curve of her lavender ass and legs, to mingle with her own, are enough to wake Wyxt up, just a little, to the situation at hand. The necromancer fucking her lips groans as the slut, swallowing around the head of his shaft, suddenly begins to rub her tongue vigorously against him, the faint bulge in her throat visible as she tilts her head to angle him so that he can sink into her mouth and throat until his balls hit her chin with every thrust. Tits, flopping with every thrust, Wyxt swallows and gags on the shaft fucking her, but seems bound and determined to play now. The pig man fucking Sia grunts, though whether from pleasure or being an undead thing is questionable. his cock spearing Sia's cunt, her legs spread lewdly wide, the creature purposefully rubs his snout up and down her cleavage, angling tusks to scrape at her overly sensitive, milky nipples, as his hard thrusts, the lewd sounds of sex in the air now, cause her tits to flop and jiggle around his snout. His cock twitches in Sia's womb as she tries to clench around him, milking his shaft, the quillboar's thrusts fast and rough, seeking only to get off in this bitch, to seed her and get her pregnant.

Sia groans, feeling Wyxt begin to play beneath her. That tells her she is at least slightly awake and that somehow makes things more acceptable for Sia herself, who now leans her head back and gasps with every hard thrust into her wet sex, her legs spread open wide and her hips twitching to meet the thrusts with which the Quillboar drives into her hot, wet sex. Her tit bounce with every thrust, the snout that rubs between them making her arousal climb due to the tusks scraping her sensitive skin and then her nipples. She moans a bit louder at that, and a soft, light trickle of milk runs from each of her nipples as she is further aroused, her pussy squeezing the long, hard shaft inside tightly now, milking it for what he is obviously all about to give her anyway.

Wyxt pouts as the Necromancer pulls out from between her lips, pre-cum painting her lips just that little bit glossier, but the necromancer knows where he wants to cum, and he waits patiently, stroking his shaft and eying Wyxt's slutty, horny wife. Wyxt still supports her beloved, bent over and doing her best to remain steady, the quillboar's grip on Sia's waist helping, as she's rocked back and forth by the furious pummeling of Sia's cunt above her. The quillboar ruts against her, scratchy fur rubbing against her belly and thighs, as his cock spasms and her womb receives the first somewhat lukewarm spurts of thick cum, his balls slapping against her ass as he grunts and ruts like an animal. Like a boar, the quillboar doesn't stop fucking that sloppy pussy as he cums, seeking to empty every single drop of his vile seed into Sia's cunt as he ruts against her, milk dribbling down his snout now.

The necromancer speaks, perhaps for the first time, though maybe the drug is wearing down just a little, as he strokes his own porcine shaft, his voice husky and hot, himself on the verge but holding out to, likewise, cum deep in Sia's sloppy cunt. "We 'uv tuh pack dem full o' cum b'fore they cun rest." Grunting, the language is a little rough but understandable. Wyxt eyes his cock longingly from where she's bent over, and bites her lower lip, feeling Sia working so hard for that cum above her.

Sia moans, eyes closed still as she parts her lips a bit tongue flicking out over them and licking along her small tusks almost teasingly. Small gasps escape her lips with every hard thrust she receives, her body shaking with the strength of the furious Quillboar driving into her, then a soft, long-drawn moan as she feels him empty his seed into her womb. Her pussy clenches tightly around the shaft inside her, milking it, helping him do his task as he is supposed to, body quivering on Wyxt as she does so. Her eyes open partly, peering around lustfully now as her nipples dribble milk slowly, but steadily the warm milk running down the skin of her breasts, her body glistening slightly with a light sheen of sweat.

Wyxt tries to look over her shoulder when milk runs down her back and across her own breasts, Wyxt fairly certain it's not her own. The quillboar deep in Sia's cunt does not take long to empty his balls fully into her, grunting and rutting, and when he pulls out, balls empty, he gives a faint grunt and simply turns away, now useless for the fuck-fest orgy and ordered away. Immediately, before cum can even slip out of Sia's abused pussy, the necromancer clad in red robes steps up and slips his cock into her pussy, groaning, loving just how 'loose' she is after that last cock, and the slick ride of the cum swirling around in her wet pussy. Groaning, he also begins to rut against her, letting her tits flop freely for a moment before he opens his mouth to slip one heavy tit somewhat into his mouth, to suckle on her milk. His cock already twitching, it's clear he just wants to get off in Sia's wet twat.

Sia gasps as her wet sex is penetrated again so soon after the first time and moans as the necromancer slides into her and begins to rut against her. She moans, feeling him twitch inside her already, apparently having been quite aroused by Wyxt's tongue already. Her one tit remaining free flops lewdly with every stroke of his thick shaft into her while the other is being sucked upon, which causes Sia to tremble with more arousal, she herself now close to being driven over the edge of her orgasm. Her sensitive nipple leaks milk freely into the snout of the Quillboar and she moans as her body rocks back and forth on Wyxt.

The necromancer does not last long, not after Wyxt's suckling and with Sia's cunt feeling so good around him, especially since, being alive, he actually really can enjoy the fucking. Sia's tit being suckled on, the necromancer loving the taste of her milk and getting her breast slick with his saliva, grunts as he ruts against her, adding his own notably hot cum to the lukewarm cum sloshing around in Sia's womb. He reaches around Sia, to fondle Wyxt's tits even as he uses her to hold Sia steady as he ruts into her, filling her up to the brim with hot quillboar cum until some of the seed starts to slip free of Sia's pussy and runs down her ass to dribble onto Wyxt's.
