 The world had been changing rapidly. Maybe for the better, maybe for the worse, that was yet to be determined. But the progressive political movement of the early twenty-first century had definitely made grounds, if not economically, at least socially, especially where sexual and gender norms were concerned. Science too, had made this new world more bold and possible as well. Let me tell you a story that can provide a more vivid explanation.

Matt was a sophomore at the university and shared a room with Rick in the fraternity. Except calling it a fraternity wasn't exactly politically correct anymore since the inclusion of transgenders was mandatory. Matt was a sissy-boi, and it was common knowledge to all of the fraternity. He even was having an illicit affair with one of the literature professors, although Rick was the only one who seemed to know this.

Rick was straight, but could be a little timid. He was a legacy of the fraternity. But that entitlement only got him so far. Since he wasn't in sports or on the leadership counsel and didn't display the open hostility towards Matt that others did, he was assigned to be Matt's roommate.

Naturally a sort of understanding developed between them. Rick wouldn't pick on Matt even if he didn't always stand up for him, but in the privacy of their room, they were friends. Matt would confide in Rick a little about his relationship with the teacher, who was as equally gruff in the bedroom as he was in class. Although he acted ashamed sometimes, he seemed to enjoy being dominated by the professor. Sometimes Rick would make a comment about some of the female attire that he would see in Matt's wardrobe and even humor him by allowing Matt to try it on for him. Rick would smile and be complimentary even if it made him slightly uncomfortable.

Rick would listen with empathy when Matt would get upset about his treatment by the other men in the fraternity. And even though he wouldn't say as much, he always wondered why these pioneers would punish themselves so much with the trail blazing they had to make. He thought it would be better for Matt just to go on down to live in one of the LGBTQ houses down the road.

One Sunday afternoon while Matt was away visiting the professor, Rick was lounging downstairs watching football with some of the other brothers. Rick didn't spend a lot of time with them, just enough to feel part of the house and usually when games where on. It just never failed that when he was around the guys, eventually he would get teased about Matt. Rick didn't like it and he felt bad when he didn't defend him and felt even more uncomfortable when he did.

The living room was located just inside the front door so Matt had to pass by the group as he returned back from his visit. He walked in carrying a designer bag that was obviously made for a woman, even though he was, as usually, dressed in men's clothes. 

"Hey sissy boi, how's it going on this fabulous Sunday?" Nelson hollered out from his recliner. He lisped the word 'fabulous' with emphasis. Matt just glanced sideways as he started for the staircase.

But before he could make it, Thomas stood up and reached him at the landing. "What's in the bag, Maddie?" That was a nickname the frat had given him. He put his hand near the zipper and tugged on something hanging out. 

Matt reacted quickly. "I don't mess with your things, Thomas, keep out of mine." But it was pretty clear that it was a costume of some sort. Thomas had managed to pull part of it out and everyone could see the white lace around the black fabric pretty clearly. They didn't know what kind of garment it was, but it was obviously feminine. 

Thomas made a face of mock surprise and fear and he turned around to show everyone which drew a lot of laughter. Matt took the opportunity to bolt up to the room. Rick stood up and started to follow. "Not cool, Thomas" he muttered as he brushed by the offender. 

Thomas looked like he was ready to fight, but as that was clearly against house rules and could lead to expulsion, he held his temper. "Whatever, man."

Rick knocked and waited for Matt to unlock the door. He did so quickly. Rick hoped he wasn't crying and was relieved that to find that Matt was composed. He didn't apologize for Thomas and the others, that had already been done too many times before. Rick just took a seat on his bed and watched Matt unpack his clothes.

"You were visiting him again?" Rick finally spoke asking about Matt's weekly rendezvous with the professor.

Matt nodded. "He likes me to visit him when his wife is at church. Kind of sick, isn't it?"

Rick didn't respond. "How's it going? Is he still rough or did you say anything to him about it?"

Matt smiled in a mischievous way. "He says I have to keep giving him blow jobs if I want to keep my grades up. I don't think he means it though, since my grades are fine anyway. I think he just gets off feeling like he is in control of me. I guess I like it though. I definitely like his cock."

Rick wasn't repulsed, but sometimes he felt like he should be. "So you are going to keep seeing him then?"

"Honestly, I don't know. Can I tell you something?"

"Have I ever stopped you before?" Rick said with a reassuring smile.

Matt sat down across from Rick setting his forearms on his legs, leaning in to speak more quietly. "I have been doing a lot of thinking. You know, maybe I should get out of this relationship, break it off suddenly. I mean, I like him, I love getting cock regularly, but you know, I feel like...like I could do better, get more. Maybe even just feel better about myself doing it too."

His roommate listened intently. "So, what? You gonna get a serious boyfriend or..." He's words trailed off. He had no idea what a transgender, cross dressing, sissy boi would be thinking. He watched Matt stand up and go to his closet.

"What I mean is that I spend all of this time with guys, acting as their bitch, dressing up as a woman and I love it. I just need to make the change and be done with it. And if the professor doesn't like the new me, so what? I can be beautiful and slut around with all the guys I want to." He giggled girlishly. "Can you imagine if I managed to fuck some of the guys here? What a coup that would be, huh?"

"Wait a minute! The new you? How are you going to do that? Are you talking about going under the knife now? What about school, doesn't that take a long time to accomplish?" Rick was trying get him to think reasonably and more importantly, trying to understand what Matt was thinking. 

Matt turned towards his closet and fished around in a coat pocket, then quickly turned and tossed a bottle at Rick who nearly fumbled the catch. "It's X-Change. Just two pills and the transformation takes just minutes to complete."

Studying the bottle intently, Rick couldn't believe what he was seeing. The bottle looked ridiculous, like something you would see in a party store, not something prescribed from a physician. "No way. Who gave this to you? This is bullshit, right?"

Matt was beaming. "Nope. It works, I have seen it. Everything changes; bone structure, hormone levels, genitalia, hair, all of it. It's almost instantaneous."

"Holy shit," Rick thought. "What kind of crazy train world is this?" Then a funny thought struck him. "You would be a virgin, all over again, wouldn't you?"

"Yeah, I guess technically I would. At least my new body would be, even if my mind weren't. But I wouldn't want to be for long!" Matt sat back down on his bed. "So what do you think?," he inquired, a little more serious this time.

Still looking at the bottle, Rick couldn't help but fantasize about this a little. With two small pills, his roommate would become a woman, living with him, and wanting to have sex. He exhaled trying to rationalize this. He was feeling uncomfortable with himself and thought he should leave, but he spoke as he stood up. "I don't know if professor is going to like it and doubt he's going to be gentle. If...if you want, you know, someone..." he was choking up, not sure if he could bring himself to say it or how he would be taken, "I am willing, you know, ...to help." He started to leave and let Matt mull this open but Matt stood up in front of him.

"No. Stay. I would like you to be the one, honestly. You are, outside of my other friends," he said rolling his eyes playfully, "my best friend, at least here in the house. I want you to see me first and yes, fuck me." Matt took the pills from his hand and walked toward the small bathroom, leaving the door open. "You can watch." He looked in the mirror at himself, rubbing his stubble on his chin. 

Rick was shaking, he was so nervous. How had he never heard about this before? "Can you go back?"

"Um, they are working on that, but not at the moment. Funny thing is that it you can go to a girl faster than vice versa. Like for girls, it can take like half a day to become a man." Matt was beginning to undress down to his underpants.

"I don't know, man. This is freaking me out." Rick looked like he was coming down with the flu; he was shaking and turning a little pale as he contemplated what was about to happen.

"What are you so nervous about? I am the one who is doing this." Matt poured water into his toothbrush cup and swallowed the pills. "Here goes." Matt fixed his eyes upon himself again, staring intently into the mirror, silently saying goodbye to the body he was born with.

The transformation started slowly, but as it became more apparent, it also became more ghastly. Imagine a computer generated werewolf movie if you can. The bones began to stretch and shrink, and Matt's skin seemed to be melting off of him to some degree. Only when Matt touched his briefs did Rick notice that his small cock was now shrinking away, as if dissolving. Almost simultaneously, the breasts began to grow, almost in the same degree as his hair did. It was then that things became really frightening for Matt.

Matt started to clutch at his stomach, as if he or she, as he was becoming, was getting cramps. She buckled over slightly, hands gripping at the abdomen. As Matt looked up into the mirror, she could see the neck extending and the small Adam's apple disappearing. The chin and jawline were more rounded now, not as manly and squared. She was squinting in pain and tears were starting to flow.

Rick rushed into the room and begin rubbing her back. "Matt, Matt, oh man, oh man, what'll I do?" His heart was beating in terror. "Gotta call a doctor!" But Matt grabbed his arm and shook her head. The fingers were now long and slender and even had small nails on them. Rick looked into her eyes and his expression caused Matt to look back in the mirror. Gone was the hair from the arms and back, her hair was now long, lips fuller, hips wider with a luscious ass to match. The scrawny chest he once had now had incredible 34D breasts jutting from them. But the thing that neither of the roommates had expect to see and shocked them most was that the skin was darkening until at last, Matt was able to stand up and see that not only was there now a woman's body looking back, but an ebony one as well! Even Matt's blue eyes had changed to brown.

"Oh no," Matt said hoarsely. Evidently, the vocal chords weren't primed yet.

Rick was dumbfounded. He grabbed the bottle. "What the hell? Did you know it would change your ethnicity too?" He couldn't see any indication of race on the bottle at all. Matt grabbed it and looked at it too.

"No. I didn't even think that was an option." Her voice was starting to sound smoother and higher now. "Now what?"

Obviously, Rick didn't know what to say or do, so he did what any man would do with a distressed woman, he tried to comfort her. He rubbed her back again. "I don't know...Maddie," he said with a small grin. "But I think you look amazing."

She turned to him to see if he was serious and then back again to the mirror. "You do? Really?"

"Yeah. Totally hot." Rick was being honest. He sort of had a thing for mulattoes and brown skinned girls, although he had never dated one. He always assumed they wouldn't be interested in dating a white guy.

Maddie, as she was currently being called, was tilting her face back and forth, making faces with her mouth and eyes. Then suddenly put her hands into the briefs. She laughed. "I lost most of my body hair, but my shaved pubes came back!" 

Rick laughed too. "Does it feel right otherwise?"

Maddie smiled mischievously. "You will have to wait and see. Look in my wardrobe and give me that yellow plastic bag and that makeup box, please." Rick obliged and saw a new straightening iron, curling iron and products in the yellow bag. He returned with everything. "Now, let me get presentable and then we can have some fun." Maddie pushed Rick gently towards the door and then closed it behind him.

Rick waited outside, pacing, resting, checking his phone. Damn, it was taking longer for Maddie to get pretty than the whole transformation took! Nearly forty-five minutes later, Maddie stepped out. If she has pretty before, she was pinup model quality now. Her makeup and hair were done perfectly. It was surprising that her curly, kinky hair could come out so straight in such short time. It was obvious that while being Matt, he had practiced with makeup before. With the makeup on, Maddie now look considerably older; maybe late twenties, early thirties. This was fine with Rick since he sort of had a thing with milf/cougar porn anyway. Maddie was totally naked now and clean mostly clean shaven, leaving just a landing strip above her vagina. Her eyebrows had also been removed and drawn back on.

"You like?" Her voice was silky and seductive and she batted her eyes flirtatiously.

Matt spun around as the door opened and couldn't believe what he was seeing. Maddie was easily the most beautiful girl on campus, even more so than that big titted chemistry teacher that guys joked about jerking off to. "Damn, Matt, er...I guess you really are Maddie now aren't you?" He walked up to her and gently rubbed the back of his hand over her cheek. She was so soft. She smiled as his hands touched her shoulders and traced the clavicle.

"I guess Maddie makes sense. Maybe I will change my name totally too. I need to think about that. But, feel my boobs! They feel natural, don't they?"

Maddie didn't have to ask twice. Rick put his palm squarely on both of them and groped. "Oh my god," was all he could mutter. He then gently pulled on her nipples and they responded immediately.

Now it was Maddie's turn to be amazed. "I had no idea that breasts were so sensitive. That kind of turns me on. Here, feel." She moved his hand into her crotch, it was warm and a bit moist. Rick began probing a little bit further and Maddie squirmed a little bit. "I want to cum." Rick kissed her and pushed her back into the bathroom.

"Sit up on the sink" he quietly told her and after she hopped up, raised one of her legs, placing the foot on the counter as well. He bent over at first, then decided to kneel on the bath mat. He again placed his finger inside her and then lapped at her clit. It was hard, almost sharp, with arousal. 

"Oh Rick, I can't tell you how amazing that feels. So much better than what I ever experienced before!"

Rick was encouraged to continue. He plunged his finger in and out then added a second all while his tongue worked its magic. Maddie was sighing and gasping, and having trouble sitting upright. She eventually leaned back against the mirror and adjusted herself again so that Rick could resume. She seemed like she was on the verge so quickly that Rick decided to adjust his hand so he could press her bung hole as well.

That put her over the edge. "Ohhhhhh!" she cried out and Rick could feel a warm gush of fluid around his digits. Her massive breasts heaved under her heavy breathing as he watched his roommate cum for the first time with her new body.

"Well, how was it?" he asked.

"Sooooo much better than being a guy!" she blurted. Rick stood upright again and helped her off of the sink counter. "Whew! That was awesome. But I still want dick in me." She grabbed Rick by the hand and trotted back into their room, pushing him onto his bed and back. She climbed over his legs and took hold of his cock.

"You might want to take this slowly, Maddie, the first time isn't always so comfortable." Rick was reclined back with his hands behind his head, happy to let her take control.

And even though she was very wet, she found that her willingness and capability to take Rick in weren't on the same level. "Oh sssshhhhiiiittttt" she exclaimed as his spearhead tip parted her lips. She paused, letting her body adjust to this new invader. Slowly she eased him in, just the tiniest bit at a time. Her maidenhood was as tight as any young, non-athletic girl's would be. She giggled nervously, feeling like it was taking too long.

"Nice and easy, don't rush it on my account. You have your whole life ahead of you to fuck the way you want, you just got to get over this hurdle." Rick was being a gentleman, but he was actually looking forward to getting on with some hard core banging himself.

Eventually, she had just about all of him in and slowly began to gyrate back and forth on his pubic bone. Not thrusting yet, but still getting accommodated to the feeling have having cock inside her. Rick reached up and grabbed at her tits again, unable to resist their hypnotic swaying. She leaned forward, smiling at him, and kissed him deeply. Rick didn't resist. In fact, he seemed to have lost all recollection that less than two hours ago, Maddie was Matt. There was absolutely nothing left to remind him about that, other than all of the items in the room that now belonged to her. The kissing became more loud and wet and their tongues worked ravenously over each other. In the most natural and unforced way, they were soon pumping against each other. Rick finally had to pause.

"I want to fuck you doggie, is that cool?" Maddie kissed his cheek and said nothing, instead just moving aside to let him out of the bed. He shuffled his knees onto the end of the mattress and between her legs. Her beautiful pink pussy lay spread open, inviting his penis back into it. Still being a little cautious, he gently pushed into her and then making contact with her ass against his groin, began thrusting.

"Yeah baby, do it harder, fuck me harder," Maddie grunted. Her whole body was being pushed forward with his and her hair and breasts were swaying as well.

Rick didn't have to be told twice. He pumped her faster and faster, leaning his body to the side as best as he could to watch her huge breasts sway. Maddie was getting louder, encouraging him onward, begging for his cock. She was in fact, too loud.

The door swung open. Matt had forgotten to lock it when he had let Rick in. In the door way stood Nelson, Thomas and Azeem, the foreign exchange student from India. "What the hell is going on here?" Nelson demanded.

Their sudden entrance startled Rick so badly that when he turned to look, he pulled his cock out of Maddie, spraying her legs and the bed sheets with his seed.

Rick stood up, his cock dripping fluid onto the floor and going limp very quickly. "Get the fuck out!" He screamed.

But the site of the gorgeous naked woman on his bed froze them in their places.

"What...the...hell..." Nelson stated slowly as he surveyed Maddie. She had rolled to her side to face them, one knee drawn up to cover her womanhood but not doing much else to conceal herself. In fact, she appeared rather comfortable being naked in front of the unwelcome guests.

Rick went for the door but Nelson stepped in and Thomas greeted Rick with a shove to the chest. All the men now were in the room and the door was shut behind them. Nelson continued the interrogation, but now with a sweeter tone. "Where did you come from, sweetheart?"
