 Xela studied her book, The Piss Path Mage, it was full of intriguing spells. If she could master these she would have many powers: purify water, capture moonlight, cure disease, and many more; one of the later spells even hinted at a method of creating gemstones. But they all required that she drink water from a consecrated pool. And furthermore it had to be a pool that she had consecrated herself. Fortunately the ritual was described in the book, and it could be completed by novice, for this ritual spell the water could be drunk from the pool before the consecration was complete.

Xela knew the perfect place. Not far from her house, which was on the outskirts of town near the edge of the forest, was a deep pool below a water fall known as Crystal Falls. People went up there to swim in the hot days of summer and throughout the year people who wanted a quiet place for peaceful meditation would seek it out. To complete the ritual she would have to hike to the pool every evening for a month, starting on the night of the full moon. 

The consecration ritual required her to drink from the falls, then swim to the center of the pool, float on her back and pee to the shore while slowly spinning in the water so her piss would encircle the pool. The ritual must be performed in the nude. That seemed simple enough, she was a capable swimmer, and she had no fear of nudity. She had always been a strong pisser, quite capable of aiming her pee. She often peed standing up, and could pee from a good number of positions. She thought that people telling women they had to pee sitting down was just another means of oppressing women; there was no reason for it. She would begin the ritual at the next full moon.

The night of the full moon, Xela drank deeply from the pure water of Crystal Falls. Once she had filled her belly with the life-giving liquid she swam slowly out to the center of the pool and floated on her back, staring up at the moonlit sky. Tall hemlocks grew around the edge of the pool and alone among them a single white pine stood out above all the trees. As Xela floated there she sensed the magic of the place. A Snowy Owl, glowing white in the moonlight, slowly soared across the black star-speckled sky. 

From inside her naked body Xela could feel the pressure building, very soon it would be time to add her own magic to the scene. Yet she waited, still floating on her back as the cool waters of the pool caressed her. Soon the release would come as she began the ritual to strengthen the magic of the place. The owl looked down at her form its lofty perch in the pine. The moonlight sparkled through the clear water of the falls.

Listening to the waterfall cascading into the pool, Xela could wait no longer. The pressure on her bladder was intense. She release her own furious torrent. Her clear piss arced up into the sky and all the way to the shore of the pool. Slowly Xela spun in the water. Her piss landed now at the base of the pine, then through the hemlocks to the stream that led out of the pool. Still pissing hard she continued to to spin on her back, her piss crossed the stream and landed on the ground on the other side of the pool, startling a red squirrel. Across another stand of hemlock and to the rocky shore below the falls her arc joined the waterfall itself. Xela held this position, her thin arc of water joining the mighty falls above, until she began to feel that she was running out. Slowly she began spinning again her piss splashing across the rocks on the other side of the falls and across over to the white pine, completing the magic circle.

Xela held her position but she could no longer reach the pine, as the strength of her arc diminished she watched her piss land on the shore and then in the water and then between her legs until there was nothing left. The magic of the place was strong. It fed her and she fed it. Yet the magical power of her piss was just beginning. This was the first night she had pissed the full circle around the pool. She felt wonderful. She would return here every night for the next month, her rituals strengthening the magic pool and its power strengthening the magic of her piss.

*****

For the past week Xela had been walking out to the pool at Crystal Falls every evening at this time. Tonight it was pouring rain and she lay at home reading The Piss Path Mage. Her father had given her the ancient tome for her 18th birthday. She had no idea how he had known of her interest, but it was perfect. She had already started working on the first spell, Consecration. So much lay ahead: exciting knowledge and powerful rituals all achieved through the magic of piss.

She knew all magic had its cost. The stories of the blood path mages who engaged in human sacrifice were horrendous; fortunately the people had risen up against them and put a stop to that ages ago. These days the only blood path mages used their own blood to work their magic. Even that was a price Xela had no interest in. The sexual magic her parents engaged in was intriguing, but her feelings of lust and romance were confusing enough without mixing in magic as well. Her brother Tomas had told her stories of snot path and shit path mages, at the time she thought he was making it all up. Now she wasn't so sure, but even if those paths were real, they were far to gross for her.

The costs of the piss path seemed like things she could endure. She didn't mind going about naked at all, she had no shame in her body and didn't care if others watched her naked or even took pleasure in watching her piss. That was their problem, not hers. She didn't mind drinking piss she had tasted her own often enough, and had even managed to drink a whole glass of it without flinching. Some of the spells required her to drink piss straight from a man or another woman; while she had never done that, she thought it would be simple enough and surely worth it to gain the magical power. Who knows? She might even enjoy it.

Yet tonight she would have to pay the cost of her piss path magic or lose everything she had already worked on in her consecration ritual. She put down the book and stripped off all her clothes. Usually she hadn't stripped until she got to the pool, but what was the point in getting everything soaked? Naked, she left the house and stepped out into the cold rain. The water from the roof was pouring down the gutter and into the cistern; she stuck her head into the flow and drank deeply of the rainwater. She was lucky to live in a place where fresh clean water was in such abundance. Piss path magic would be much harder to practice in the desert or even in the city where the water was so often dirty.

She walked quickly through the rain and soon found herself at the pool. Her night vision served her well and the path was very familiar so she had no trouble finding her way. However, she was already quite cold and her nipples stood at attention. She could hear the sound of the falls thundering into the pool, much louder than usual as the rain swelled the brook. No reason to wait, she dove into the pool and swam out to the falls, drinking deeply of the clear water as she had every night. 

Then she swam back to the center of the pool and floated on her back ready to complete tonight's part of the ritual. Every night she had been able to pee a little longer and a little farther. Tonight was no exception. It was hard to make out the edge of the pool, but the difference in sound of her piss landing in the pool or on the ground was quite distinctive. She paddled herself in a slow circle, listening to her piss splash against the pine tree, along the ground, across the stream, through the hemlocks, and against the rocks. Then the sound was lost as her piss mixed with the waterfall, but came alive again as it found the ground and finally the great pine.

She still had a bit of piss left, but she was quite cold by now so she swam out of the pool as the magic was completed. Stepping out of the pool and under the trees where there was a little shelter from the rain she felt just a bit warmer. She cupped her hands to capture her warm piss and rubbed it over herself to warm up a bit. She had a good bit left so she rubbed it all over her legs and her torso. Her nipples were relieved a bit as they soaked in the last bit of piss. By the time she walked home the rain had washed away the last bit of pee.

*****

Xela could hardly wait to finish the consecration ritual. Tonight the moon would rise full again and she could complete her task. Over the past month she had anointed the shores of the Crystal Falls pool with a circle of her pee every night. A first the nights of late summer had been warm and the task was pleasant, but then there had been some cold rainy nights which had been a chore to work through. Tonight was warm again as an Indian Summer weather pattern had returned in the past few days.

As Xela approached the pool she heard voices. That was unusual, she had often seen people at the pool during the day but in the month she had been working on her ritual she had seen only wild animals at the pool; she hoped the people wouldn't interfere with the magic. As she arrived at the pool she saw it was a young couple sitting under the hemlocks. They seemed quite engrossed in each other and paid her no attention.

Xela walked up to the pine tree which was across the pool from where the couple were sitting and took off her clothes. Folding them neatly she left them at the base of the pine, on the far side from the pool. She dove into the pool and swam out to the falls where she drank deeply of the pure water. Then she swam back to the center of the pool.

Looking over to the hemlocks, Xela saw that the boy was removing the girl's shirt. They were sitting quite close to the edge of the pool but they seemed to be paying no attention to anything but each other. The girl's shirt was now completely off and she was starting to remove the boy's shirt. Xela watched them for a while, but she would have to start her ritual peeing soon, she couldn't hold it much longer. 

As far as she could remember, The Piss Path Mage made no mention of other people in the ritual of consecration. Hopefully it wouldn't matter if they were there. She glanced toward the couple and saw they were now both topless hugging and kissing each other. Ignoring them she released a torrent of pee toward the pine tree. Pissing strongly she slowly spun, floating on her back as she had every night this month.

Xela's pee landed on the shore, crossed the stream, and entered the hemlock forest. As she continued to turn, the pee hit the boy's side and then the girl's. The young lovers were so engrossed in each other they didn't even notice that they were being pissed on. Xela didn't pause but kept on twirling and pissing to complete her magic circle of pee. 

When the piss crossed the waterfall and reached the pine tree again there was a sound like a chime. Xela was slightly startled and stopped pissing for a second. When she started up again she pissed straight up into the air, but magically her piss was spread in all directions at once like a great fountain, her piss landed all along the shore in every direction at once, even on top of the young lovers, providing an extra blessing to their sexual magic.

The consecration of the pool was now complete. Xela could begin work on other spells. She chose the "capture moonlight" spell first. For this spell she needed to drink water from the consecrated falls as the moonlight shone through it. The timing was perfect; she swam over and positioned herself so she was looking up through the falling water at the silver moon. She water sparkled in the moonlight. She lifted her face to it and drank her fill. She hoped the magic would work, she would have to wait until she had to pee again to find out.