 Xenia was a researcher by trade, a botanist by heart.  She was enthralled when she was brought in to help create various environments, complete with plant life and other details.  Her artistic mind spearheaded the project and it lovingly grew from her own ideas.  From the original budget, contributions, and volunteer work, twenty-six environments were developed.  The use of the alphabet had helped gain additional sponsors, funding, and specialized volunteers.  People who would lend their expertise in their field just to be involved in creating their dream environment.  She had archaeologists, all types of historians, scientists, bio-engineers, and assorted other expert volunteers.  

The hardest task had been finding a voice for the computer and convincing the staff that because the test subjects would be required to be nude, that the environmental specialists should be of the opposing gender.  They had finally caved and her vision was ready for the first test.  The participants were paid well for their time as she had brought the project in under budget and had donations pouring in from those that wanted to be involved with the project.  After taking out salary for herself and her team she still had over $3,000 left over, she hoped that the $100 enticement would help draw people in.

She ran through the protocol once more in her mind.  Xenia entered the building and was guided to an empty room and told to touch the computer screen, read the instructions and agree to the conditions of the test.  She touched the screen and watched the information clearly outline what was going on.  She glanced down at her watch, as she needed to know an time estimate for someone to go from this room into the experimental chamber.

She filled in the required info, pretended to take her clothing off as the scanner was set for a trial run and clicked the proper button.  She read that the exit door would lead her to the options room and from there she would select what environment she wanted to test.  The voice intoned that her clothing would be on other side and then she would fill out a short survey about her experience.  There were safeguards and she would never be in any danger.  

Xenia entered the room and looked at the room she had been designing for months.  She saw the wide range of doors in front of her.  A soft neutral voice intoned that doors with red lettering were for female participants, blue lettering for male participants.  She said out loud that they would need to add that doors with gray lettering were inactive or already in use.

She looked carefully at each door, making sure each one was correctly marked.
A Antarctic (red)	
B Beach (blue)
C Cave (red)
D Dark (blue)	
E England (red)	
F Future (blue)
G Glade (blue)
H Hostile (red)
I Ireland (red)
J Jungle (red)
K Knossis (red)
L Lunar (blue)
M Mountain (red)      
N Nature (red)         
O Oasis (blue)        
P Plain (blue)       
Q Quiet (blue)        
R Ruins (blue)       			
S Sensual (blue)     
T Temple (red)       	
U Underground (blue)   	
V Vineyard (red)      
W Wilderness (red)      	
X Xanadu (blue)      
Y Yesteryear (blue)          	 
Z Zen Garden (red) 

The touch part helped to make sure half were male and half were female, she had to twist a few arms into participating as observers.  In fact she had to take the observer role, she wondered about contamination, but she loved her environment and was looking forward to seeing X Xanadu being used.  She touched the door and the neutral voice said, “Unable to comply, this door is for male participants.  Please choose a door with red lettering.”  She smiled, glad that someone had been thinking ahead.  She touching Z Zen Garden and heard the voice chime, "Environment selected, enjoy your experience."  

She watched the door open and listened as the intercom connected her to the others and they began conversing.  She walked through the empty room as they talked.  Xenia was surprised at how smoothly things went as she reached the unmarked exit door.  She also commented on how they letters should be made gray until the environment was ready for testing.  A few kinks had to be worked out, the computer programmers said they could have it done by tomorrow.

She listened to the debriefing, "Thank you for participating.  Your physical responses have been recorded.  When you feel ready press the next button and fill out the survey."  She pretended to get dressed and checked out the survey.  She tapped the next button, and was glad for the silence.  It had been her suggestion that the experience would be intense and that the survey should be silent.  

'Did you enjoy the experience?'  There was a scale going from 'Disgusting' to 'I want to do it again.'  She tapped a response and waited for the next question.  'Would you recommend the experiment to others?'  The choices were yes, no, and maybe.  She felt there was something lacking in the answer options and told them to add an open ended question about what they liked most about the experience, and to include a keyboard so that they could type their response.

The next day the quirks had been worked out and she was eagerly awaiting the first subject to arrive.  She knew it was a male as 12/13 of the male test subject environments were ready.  She took a quick glance at the form he had filled out, as he may select her environment.  

Xander had been surprised when he had been called and told to come in for the experiment today.  He took the afternoon off and arrived shortly after one, excited and ready to go.  When he arrived, he was guided to an empty room and told to touch the computer screen, read the instructions and agree to conditions of the test.  

He felt nervous as he looked at the screen and touched it.  It lit up and after asking for his personal identification number and gender, it scrolled along with a description that he was going to be testing the effect of a specific climate on his body.  This he had known coming in, he knew there had to be more to it, otherwise why would they be paying $100?  He clicked the understand button and it went on to inform him that he would have a choice of the environment, but that for testing purposes he would have to be unclothed.  Two buttons showed up, one read 'Click here when you have removed your clothing', and the other one said, 'I no longer wish to be part of this experiment.'  It clicked in his head why they were paying him.  He debated the options; he wasn’t sure what he was really getting into now.  The experiment had some serious backing; they were definitely above the board.  He unbuttoned his shirt, thankful that his time in the gym had given him a body to be proud of, he turned as he undressed and noticed no obvious cameras.  Then again technology could probably make any monitoring devices invisible.    

He was not sure what it was but he felt awkward about being naked even as he clicked the agree button.

He read that the exit door would lead him to the options room and from there he would select what environment to test.  His clothing would be on other side and then he would fill out a short survey about his experience.  There were safeguards and he would never be in any danger.  

Xander was not sure if that was reassuring or not as he opened the door.  A soft neutral voice intoned that doors with red lettering were for female participants, blue lettering for male participants, and gray lettering were in active or already in use.  He glanced over the options.  He wondered who came up with the alphabetical listing.  At least it was complete from Antarctic to Zen Garden.  For some reason it helped relax him and when he looked back at those that were in blue he noticed Xanadu.  He could not recall what Xanadu was other than it tickling his mind as being a place.  His hand brushed the door, and the neutral voice intoned, "Environment selected, enjoy your experience."  

“Damn,” he muttered.  Then the door opened up on a lush garden paradise.

Suddenly her beeper went off, he had selected her environment.  She dashed to the prep room above the environment and cursed at how little time she had to prepare.  Mentally she told herself that there needed to be more time.

Xander looked around, he was amazed at the beauty of the place as he walked around.  It was gorgeous and he wondered how long it had taken to create this place.

Xenia was busy, she stripped quickly, and after all it was not fair to be clothed when the participants were naked.  She also knew that some of the observers required a more elaborate disguise, heck it wasn’t taking too long and her disguise was relatively simple.  She washed her face quickly, popped in contacts, and took her hair down.  She glanced in a mirror, well it was as close to a nature goddess as she was going to get.  She checked the environment to see where he was.  At least he was not near the insertion site, she pressed a button and walked down the revealed stairway.  She took a deep breath; this was her environment, her baby.  Her perfect place, she felt at home as she moved through the greenery to where she figured he was.  She blinked her contacts back into place as she watched him behind a curtain of greenery.  

Xander felt lost as he meandered through the garden maze, every turn leading to a more perfect, more peaceful place.  He was lost in the beauty of it all, and realized he was not motivated to leave.  Which is why he was so startled when he head rustling.  “Is someone there?”  His body was suddenly on alert, muscles tense, adrenaline pumping.  

She noticed how tense he was and cursed herself, and wondered if she had just blown everything.  At least there was a good ten minutes or more of pure readings before she got there.  She stepped out from behind the foliage and blushed as she noticed how attractive he was.

‘She is beautiful,’ he thought, as the woman seemed to appear out of thin air.  

She smiled at him wondering what to say to him as he approached her.  He relaxed and brushed a stray hair back behind her ear revealing startling beautiful eyes.  “I don’t suppose you know the way out do you?” It was the only thing he could think to ask and he hoped she said no.  

“Actually I do, but before that are you hungry?”  Xenia was starving she had been so involved in the project that she had skipped lunch and now it was well past one o’clock.  

“Now that you mention it, yes.”  He noticed she held out her hand and he took it.  Xander couldn’t help but notice how luscious she was.  Her auburn hair fell in soft strands to her waist, and her hair did not hide her breasts.  It was odd how he was comfortable just being naked around her.  It was definitely part of the appeal that she was comfortable being naked around him, he decided as they walked along a path he had yet to explore.  They turned a corner and a small grove came into view with an apple tree and a nice pond.

She let go of his hand, wondering what she had gotten herself into as she felt her nipples tighten into hard buds.  She inwardly prayed he wouldn’t notice even as she hoped he would.  They were standing close to the apple tree and she spotted a beautiful apple just over his head.  She didn’t realize how provocative the action was until she felt her breasts brushing against him as she reached up to pluck the fruit.

Was she hitting on him? He wondered as their gazes locked and he realized she had been merely reaching for an apple as she pulled it from the tree and pulled back.  His eyes did not move from hers even as he swore he had felt her nipples when she had brushed against him.

She felt very much like the seductress as she took a bite from the juicy ripe red fruit and offered it to him.  He was very cute and she had this warm tingling in her stomach from the way he was looking at her.

Xander suddenly knew exactly how Adam had felt when faced with Eve offering him a bite of the original sin apple.  He didn’t know what overtook him but he passed the apple and leaned in and kissed her lips tasting the juice from her lips.

She very nearly dropped the apple as his lips met hers in a kiss that was on the sweet side of chaste.  She licked her lips still able to feel the warmth of his lips.  This was not quite was she had expected but right now she didn’t care, she was willing to see this through to wherever it may lead.  

“I’m guessing you know what Xanadu is,” is was partly a question and part a way for him to recover from the unbelievable softness of the kiss.  It wasn’t like him to be so forward, or attracted so quickly, or comfortable being naked around anyone, much less someone like her.

“It’s actually a mythical paradise, I think there was a movie with that title.”

“I’d like to see that movie sometime,” he said even as his eyes darted down to glimpse her full breasts, hanging soft and lush.  Xander tried another tack, anything to get his mind out of the gutter.  “So how did you get to be involved in this project?”

“I’m actually a researcher,” Xenia took another bite of the apple, feeling a droplet land on her breast.  She could feel it slowly rolling downward and noticed his eyes following it.  She took the opportunity to glance down and was pleasantly surprised by his cock.  She took a deep breath as she brought her eyes back up over his well-toned body to his amazing eyes.  

He wasn’t sure how it happened but his hand cupped her breast and lifted it and before he could even analyze what he was doing he had bent over to lick the trail of juice off of her.  He felt her shiver and realized that his touch was being welcomed.  His mouth continued placing soft kisses along her breast, feeling her shiver again as his cheek brushed her nipple.  His rational mind was asking what the hell he thought he was doing even as his body was telling him to find a good place to seduce her.  

Xenia was lost, and was unable to think about the last time she had wanted to be swept away.  She realized she didn’t even know his name as she whispered, “There is a nice grassy spot by the pond,” she was lost in his eyes as he smiled and nodded.  

Wow, not only was she accepting his touch she was inviting him to do more as she suggested a spot and led him there and she sat down.  He found himself sitting down facing her and leaning on one arm as he nuzzled her breast and let his hand play with the other.

Xenia was purring as they just fell into playing with each other.  First she just let her hand caress his hair and back of his neck, and then she noticed her other hand was resting on his hip.  He had great skin and muscle tone she noticed as her hands wandered over his body.  It felt like the most natural thing in the world to be sitting naked with him and just feeling his body.  It went one step further when his mouth finally settled on her nipple and sucked.  Her fingers dug slightly into his firm ass and she wondered where else in the world would she ever have the opportunity to have an experience like this.  

Xander wondered what he had done to deserve this moment.  It was just perfect and he let himself believe that they were lovers as he nursed one of her gorgeous breasts.  He pulled away for a moment and she laid down and he realized she had been caressing him the entire time as he stretched out on his side beside her.  It was amazing how comfortable he felt around her, as if he had somehow known her his entire life.  He watched her turn on her side and realized she was going to kiss him only moments before her lips landed on his.  

Xenia felt free, there were no expectations, no roles, no rules, and she could finally just be herself, and act on all those impulses.  Right now she wanted to kiss him, until they couldn’t breath.  She breathed into the kiss and was amazed when he breathed back.  Time slowly went by as they shared one breath back and forth.  When the kiss ended she felt as if she had left a piece of herself in him as she stared into his incredible eyes.

There was something magical about her eyes and the way she looked at him, was indescribable.  He felt lost in her and was a little hesitant about what to do next, making out was one thing; sex was another, especially in this day and age.

All those rational thoughts of protection and history loomed in her mind, and she wasn’t quite the type to say screw it and risk it.  At the same time she did really want to be with him and she suddenly decided what would work.  After all they did feel so comfortable just being naked around each other.  

He could almost see the light bulb go off in her head as she smiled and leaned in and whispered in his ear.  He loved the idea and how her breath felt against his neck.  He turned to her and added one suggestion and she smiled and they shared an incredible kiss.

Xander moved so that he was sitting up against a wall and waited as she sat between his legs.  He loved the way she felt and his cock rested against her back.  

Xenia placed her head on his shoulder so that he could see what was going on and so she could snag a kiss occasionally.  She felt his hands caressing her breasts as her legs parted and she got comfortable.  

He watched her hand move downward, it was the perfect solution and he was surprised he hadn’t thought of it as he watched her pleasure herself.  Eventually she took one of his hands and led it down and guided him in how to touch her.  Xander was amazed, it had been incredibly hot to watch her masturbate, and it was even hotter to have her guide his hand down to help her out.  He only knew she was cumming when her lips attacked his and he felt her moaning into the kiss.  

Xander wanted more even as she stood up so that they could trade places.  He reluctantly stood and watched her sit back down.  He sat back down and thought it would feel odd but it actually felt really cozy to feel her soft breasts against his back and feel her lips plant kisses along his shoulder.  He turned his head for a kiss as her hands ran up and down his sides.  It was kind of odd; he was watching her as she watched his hand caress his cock.  

Xenia noticed that he was watching her as she watched him; it was an amazingly quiet and intimate moment as she watched how he jerked off.  Her hand eventually crept down and at first she wondered if he let her touch him and then realized he hadn’t seen her hand until he felt it on his.  Then it was welcomed and her hand worked with his and soon his mouth met hers and she felt his moan and the splashing of his cum as it dropped down.  

Xander, “That was incredible,” he whispered before stealing another kiss.  Suddenly he dawned on him that he didn’t even know her name and he felt like a complete idiot for not asking earlier.  

“For me too,” she added and nabbed another kiss.  She wanted to just lay here forever with him and forget the world, but that was not possible.  “I suppose we have to clean up now,” she whispered and noticed his grin as he nodded and they both stood and used the pond to rinse away his cum.

“Follow the path by the apple tree and you’ll find the exit door,” she reluctantly said snagging one last romantic kiss.

He had lost all sense of time and sensed her reluctance to leave, “Will I ever see you again?” he asked after the soft kiss.

“Perhaps,” she said her lips twisted in a smile and before he could say anything else she had disappeared into the foliage.  
Xander was confused by the feelings rushing through him as he followed the path.  In no time he was faced with the exit door.  He didn’t even know her name, after all there must be a zillion female researchers working on the project and that was assuming he could get access to those kinds of records.

He passed through the door and heard the neutral computer voice saying, "Thank you for participating.  Your physical responses have been recorded.  When you feel ready press the next button and fill out the survey."
