 Hyl'ena awoke to the pleasant sight of an agitated C'ar'lita hopping around her sun-soaked room, utterly naked besides the stockings she was hurrying to pull on. "Oh dear!" cried the maid. "I am going to be late for duty!! For this Mistress Gwy'neth will be spanking me for sure!"

Hyl'ena noted the sheen of nervous sweat on her Mex'icanthian lover's three wildly jiggling boobs with approval, and started to lazily finger her pussy. "Screw duty, come back to bed!"

"I would love to, but my bottom is still stinging from last time! Really, I must go!" C'ar'lita had resolved her struggle with her stockings, and was fastening her bra and panties. "Where's my uniform?!" She pounced under the bed, and crawled out with the little black outfit, unwittingly presenting her cute bubble butt to the horny Rider.

As C'ar'lita neared the door, Hyl'ena leapt out of the bed, her huge boobs bouncing extra hard to keep up. "Then maybe I'll just have to spank you myself!"

"Eep!" C'ar'lita scrabbled for the door handle while Hyl'ena rained slaps down on her already sore tushy, and finally managed to escape. "Thankyou for a wonderful evening," she cried as she vanished down the stairs.

After rubbing herself to a lazy morning orgasm, Hyl'ena made her way downstairs to the breakfast hall, where she satisfied her healthy appetite with a big bowl of G-ornfl'akes and some chicken. Mistress Gwy'neth sat across the table poking at a tiny salad, trying to avoid the Rider's knowing gaze while eyeing up C'ar'lita who was flitting from table to table, wincing visibly whenever her bottom brushed a table or patron. 

Having gorged herself, Hyl'ena strode out to the stables to fetch Tro'onbi, and found the Xii just inside, drinking noisily from a pail. "Hey, Tro'onbi! I brought you some G-ornfl'akes!"

-Mmm... G-ornfl'akes- melded Tro'onbi as he munched contentedly. Xii's rarely melded with their Riders as it took much of their energy, and Hyl'ena thought it strange that the steed would pick such a banal moment to comment upon. She was about to straddle the beast when she noticed a pile of discarded clothes and heard familiar wet noises coming from the dark recesses of the stable, and being of a naturally curious disposition decided to investigate further.

On her knees in the dirt and straw was Exmerelda Poisson, stuck up daughter of an intergalactic billionaire and the last girl Hyl'ena would expect to see in such damning circumstances, slurping enthusiastically on the massively engorged cock of Darth-k'u, a great dark purple Xii which Hyl'ena identified as belonging to Mistress Gwy'neth. P'tui, a recently employed stable girl was busy stuffing the creature's great balls into her mouth, and both girls were furiously fingering their juice-dripping pussies as they sucked earnestly. Becoming instantly wet at the salacious spectacle, Hyl'ena eased her battle-ready microshorts down over her full round ass, being careful not to rip the fine material, and squatted in the hay to frig her own snatch while she watched unseen.

Exmerelda had not compromised her exquisitely refined wardrobe for the occasion, and was wearing dainty lace gloves to jack the long black shaft, her slim white hand barely reaching halfway around its impressive girth. The stable girl, a dark green dwarf babe of eighteen or nineteen with most of her pretty face obscured by the oversized Xii-balls, was more than making up for it by drooling all over her fat little titties while both tiny hands delved between her chunky, widespread thighs to dally in her plump cooze. As the peeping Rider worked herself faster, the great purple Xii was starting to emit the low, vibrating hum that indicated its approaching orgasm, the noise building to such an intensity that the gentle tremors magnified the already overwhelming sensations in the tight, wet pussies of the three masturbating girls.

As the mighty creature approached its ground-shaking orgasm, P'tui reached her short arms up to grip the fat base of its swelling shaft with both hands, pumping the cock hard while continuing to slurp on the heavy balls in her mouth. Exmerelda forced as much of the lengthy pole into her face as she could manage and transferred her hand to the dwarf babe's sopping cunt so she could frig them both. Hyl'ena's furtive masturbation was spurred on by the apparently well-rehearsed act, and she lifted her sticky hand to carefully lick her own warm juices from it, switching her frigging hand as she did so. 

-Coming soon... Drink deep, little wenches- melded Darth-k'u, and Hyl'ena watched transfixed as the Xii gave a particularily violent buck and began to rapidly spurt thick jets of cum straight down the rich girl's slim white neck. She swallowed fast to try and keep up, but the hot white goo soon bubbled from her widestretched lips and coated her chin, dripping onto her proud perky breasts and decorating her stiff pink nipples. The thick flow of spunk ran over her little belly and down to her clean-shaven pussy, where she massaged it into her tight pink hole, the depravity of the act sending Exmerelda into an orgasmic frenzy as she moaned loudly into her throatful of cock.

Her mouth still crammed with the constantly twitching balls still unleashing their mighty load, P'tui quickly approached her own climax, and her short legs kicked insistently in the hay. On cue, the girls dislodged the mighty cock and balls from their wanton throats and Exmerelda scooted over to her diminutive fuck-buddy, presenting the dwarf babe with an overflowing mouth of hot Xii-cum. Anticipating some hot snowballing action, Hyl'ena doubled the speed of her self-pleasuring, tiny spurts of girly-juice flying off at random tangents to dampen the hay. Then, much to her surprise (and apparently the open-mouthed P'Tui's), the rich girl instead spat the entire massive load into the unexpecting Dwarf babe's face, making her splutter as the thick spunk sprayed into her mouth, eyes and hair, and dappled the pretty green flesh of her tits and belly

"Oooh-Ki!" cried P'Tui, blinking against the the salty invasion, and began to come hard, rubbing at her clit as long jets of girly-cum squirted from her quivering quim in the hyper-orgasmic manner characteristic of her species. Exmerelda continued to frig them both as she was sprayed in the face by her diminutive green riding partner, catching as much of the sweet nectar in her mouth as possible and sending herself hurtling over the edge. Both messy girls cried out as they came, and Hyl'ena achieved her own climax simultaneously, groaning loudly as her cunt clamped down on her fingers with near-crushing force.

-I think we're being watched- melded Darth-k'u.

"Who's there-Ka?" called out P'Tui, her deep brown eyes peering nervously into the darkness.

"I hope its not one of those horrible little Space Orcs," said Exmerelda with a cum-throated gurgle, then, "Why, it's Miss Hyl'ena! I say, please don't tell Mistress Gwy'neth, or she'll surely take her crop to us!"

"Yeah, like you wouldn't love it." Moving gently to avoid indigestion, Hyl'ena straightened from her orgasmic squat and strode over to the shamefaced pair. "Still, I'm sure we can come to some arrangement. You licking my ass and pussy till I cum, for example."

With that, the Rider grabbed a fistful of Exmerelda's long blonde locks and guided the rich girl's shocked face to her plump pussy, moaning as her dripping cooze was gently lapped at. With her free hand, she motioned P'Tui towards her full white asscheeks, and the eager dwarf babe shuffled over, parting the creamy globes to reveal a tiny winking starfish. P'tui stuck out her little pointed tongue and pushed it up against her minute target, the small tip sliding inside to be clamped down on by the tight sphincter. Xylena smiled as her apprentice tongue-slaves were put to work, her juices dribbling down Exmerelda's delicate chin while P'Tui's tongue drove insistently deeper into her tightest tunnel, and shuddered as she felt the day's third orgasm drawing fast upon her.

"Flick my clit," snarled the Rider, her hand tightening on the rich girl's hair as her lip curled in arousal, and the rich girl complied obediently, lashing the hard little nub with her soft pink tongue. "Finger my pussy, both of you!" She gasped as long slim white fingers and short, stubby green ones probed expertly at her clutching love tunnel, slipping inside to be coated with her natural lubricant.

The great purple Xii observed these sapphic shenanigans with approval, its mighty shaft once again becoming engorged as the air filled with wet noises and female moans. The fat head nudged Exmeralda's soft red-blushed cheek and she instinctively turned to suck on it, causing a disgruntled Hyl'ena to yank on her hair and pull the rich girl's pouting features back to her pleasure centre.

"Don't... stop... licking!!!!" moaned the Rider through gritted teeth, as the sensations in her cunt and ass intensified, building up to a tremendous knee-shaking orgasm. "I'm... Coming!!!" The climax ripped through her as her already tight pussy clamped down on the girls' invading fingers, and Exmerelda recieved her third faceful of ejaculate that day. Her asshole constricted in a similar fashion, and P'Tui squealed as her tongue was sucked deeper inside the spasming anus, her face pushing into Hyl'ena's plentiful seat.

Finding herself hungry for more action, the flushed, panting Rider dropped to her hands and knees and commanded her slaves to grab the happy Xii's huge cock. "Now guide it into me! Hurry up!!"

P'Tui was surprised and impressed as her little green hands joined Exmerelda's on the hot, hard shaft. "Really-Ka? But its longer than my arm! Surely you can't take all that-Ki!"

"I can give it a damn good go!" cried Hyl'ena, and pushed impatiently back, gasping as the now fully-aroused Xii bucked forward and speared her, burying half of its mighty length in her sopping cunt, then starting to rut in and out at speed, the Rider trying to hold still as best she could while being dragged backwards and forwards in the hay, the rough dirt floor scraping her knees. "Hold my legs!" she cried, and each of her helpers took hold of one limb, steeling themselves to hold her still against the power of the mighty bucking Xii. Finally the great purple beast was able to get proper purchase and set about driving his rampant length deeper and deeper into the wanton Rider, who howled as her sensitive love tunnel was rammed open again and again. After a few minutes of furious fucking the beast was snorting, getting ready to pump another gigantic load out into the tight quim of this little Rider whore. "Oh shit, its getting fatter inside me!" cried Xy'lena as she was stretched still further, and came suddenly as the Xii began to spurt a humongous load deep inside her, hot spunk lashing her insides repeatedly as she squirted around his girth.

As the huge cock finally dislodged itself, Xyl'ena ordered the exhausted girls to kneel once more and kiss, then stood over them and spread her freshly pounded twat. "Swallow it all," she groaned as she squeezed her cunt muscles, forcing the gigantic load to ooze slowly out to pool onto Exmerelda's and P'Tui's intertwined tongues, her slaves obediently lapped up the cum and passing it between their hot mouths before gulping it down. Having expelled the voluminous load, Hyl'ena too dropped to her knees and joined in the kiss, running her tongue around the other girls' mouths for any leftover traces of spunk.

Finally satisfied, Hyl'ena dressed and strode back out to the patiently waiting Tro'onbi without another word. Damn her hyper-boosted sex drive - at this rate she would never find her long-lost sister! Straddling the great body, she whispered a command and Rider and Xii took off into space, unaware of the danger waiting just around the corner...

*

To be continued!

Feedback/suggestions welcome.