 Hyl'ena clung to the strong, muscled back of her Xii, shivering gently against the cold of space as Thrax-nob's pseudo-mocking words ran through her mind. She was utterly naked having discarded her ruined battle outfit, and had decided to return to Sky Castle Gra'ndoline, recuperate and dress before setting out on her arduous quest. Tro'onbi powered through the ether and made good speed, taking just a tenth of a blaat to make the homeward journey, where a less experienced steed might have taken a third. Despite her exhaustion following her cunt-stretching encounter with the Orc Warlord's gigantic cock Hyl'ena could not help becoming aroused as her bare pussy rubbed against the flying beast's rough hide, and the Rider rubbed herself to three orgasms over the journey's course, her juices running down over the powerful animal's skin. Eventually the unfolding constellations became familiar, and soon the towering form of Gra'ndoline loomed in the distance, tall and majestic against its starry backdrop.

Tro'onbi landed in front of the main gate and allowed Hyl'ena to dismount, then shuffled off to the stables for the night. Brazenly unashamed of her nudity, Hyl'ena strolled through the ever-open doorway causing a couple of youger girls to gasp and drop their studybooks. From the far end of the entrance hall the prim figure of Mistress Gwy'neth tutted disapprovingly.

"You took longer than I expected," said the Mistress with undiguised disdain, her arms crossed under a generous but ever-covered bust. An attractive woman in her forties with long brown hair pulled back into a tight bun, Gwy'neth was as uptight as Hyl'ena was liberated and seemingly impervious to the lusty Rider's regular advances. "I trust from the blood on your axe you have dispatched that toublesome band of Space Orcs. Once again the girls can sleep soundly, without the fear of gleaming green eyes peering through the window." The Mistress paused to shudder, then narrowed her eyes and looked the defiant Rider up and down. "Where are your clothes, girl? And what on earth is that green stuff all over you?"

Hyl'ena looked down, and saw that she still wore a layer of Orc cum on her voluptuous body. "Um... I got caught in a slime storm?"

Gwy'neth raised a doubtful eyebrow. "Is that what you young people are calling it nowadays... No matter. Go to your room and shower, I will have a maid bring up a new outfit for you. The third this cul-th'zun, I believe?"

Hyl'ena mock-curtsied by way of reply, then hurried up the spiral staircase to her chamber, her bare feet padding softly on the cool stone steps as her generous breasts jiggled enthusiastically. When she reached her room, she collapsed on her bed, exhausted from battle and the pounding she had received.

Moments later, there was a timid knock at the door, and a small Mex'icanthian maid entered. Her eyes bugged as she laid eyes on Hyl'ena's prone, disheveled form, then she quickly drew her gaze away. 

"Welcome back, Miss Hyl'ena. I have brought the clothes for you." Her voice was shy and quiet, but tinged with curious arousal. Hyl'ena eyed the brown-skinned girl's slight figure with approval as she crossed the room, her gaze lingering on the three modest breasts, wide hips and cute bubble-butt pressing out against the tight uniform.

"Thankyou, C'ar'lita." The Rider's hand strayed idly to one of her big, green-smeared boobs, gently rolling the sensitive nipple between finger and thumb. Somehow, the Orc cum had remained hot throughout the ride home, and it was making her horny once more.

The maid returned to stand in front of the door, her pretty brown eyes studying the wooden floor intently. "Will there be anything else, Miss?"

"Yes, there will." Hyl'ena spread her creamy white thighs. "I'd like you to clean me."

The maid raised her eyes uncertainly, then quickly dropped them as she was faced with the Rider's lewdly displayed sex. "Sorry Miss, no understand. I clean... you?"

Hyl'ena nodded. "That's right, C'ar'lita. With your tongue."

"Oh," said the maid, then, "Oh! I don't think that's a good idea, Miss. I am supposed to be working!" A thin sweat broke out on the timid maid's brow.

"Don't worry, I won't tell Gwy'neth if you don't. Besides, I plan to work you very hard indeed. Now scoot that cute little tush over here."

Reluctantly the maid approached the bed and stood nervously , unsure of where to look and what to do next.

"Undress," commanded Hel'ena.

C'ar'lita hesitantly took hold of her skirt's hem, then slowly and awkwardly pulled the uniform over her head, revealing black pantyhose clinging snugly to her hips and pussy, a bare slim brown waist and a lacy tri-bra.

"Very nice," breathed Hyl'ena, her hand dropping casually to her juiced-up pussy to trace a finger along her still-tender lips. "Keep going."

The maid reached back to unhook her bra, letting the cups fall away from her small, high breasts and revealing three rich dark nipples that made Hyl'ena catch her breath and slip a finger inside herself. Then she bent down, pulling her frilly panty-hose down over her generous hips then straightening up to reveal a small neat bush and pussy.

Hyl'ena moaned her approval, rubbing her pussy more fervently. "Bring those full, pretty lips over here."

The naked maid sat on the bed, then moved her head towards Hyl'ena's as if to kiss her. Before their lips could touch, the Rider placed a hand on top of C'ar'lita's head and pushed it down to one massive green-streaked boob. "Lick," she commanded, then moaned as the dark girl's tiny tongue tentatively snaked out to lick tenderly at the soft, smooth expanse of tit-flesh. Tasting the Orc's cum, the petite Mex'icanthian screwed up her demure features in disgust. Hyl'ena smirked. "You'll get used to it. It's an acquired taste." C'ar'lita continued her dutiful tongue worship of the generous orb, scooping up the green goo and swallowing it down with little moans of distaste. She sucked gently on Hyl'ena's stiff nipple, then moved on to the other tit, continuing the cleaning process as her throat became coated with sticky spunk.

When both of her massive tits were shining with the little maid's spit, the Rider guided her head down between her full, creamy thighs, and the maid obediently began to scoop the cum from around her freshly seeded lady garden. Her tongue drew ever closer to Hyl'ena's pussy, and when it finally ran up between the sore lips the Rider rubbed her stiff clit and groaned lustily. "Push your tongue inside me!" C'ar'lita eagerly complied, having suddenly acquired a taste for Orc cum, and moaned enthusiastically as she reached under herself to rub gently at her own exposed pussy.

"Suck it out of me!" commanded Hyl'ena, and the maid gazed at her with deep brown eyes as she gently sucked, the spunk flowing out of her recovering pussy. The subtle yet insistent suction drove the Rider wild, and when the maid opened her mouth to show her a generous mouthful of spunk she leant forward, kissing her deeply, their tongues passing the hot cum back and forth between them before swallowing it down and licking each other's lips clean. Hyl'ena then bowed her head to suck on the Mex'icanthian's dark brown nipples one by one, nipping each dark bud to elicit three squeals of horny protest from her dusky charge.

"Oh, Miss Hyl'ena, you should be more gentle weeth me!" Hyl'ena grinned, then gently pushed the maid down onto the bed. She straddled the smaller girl's face, lowering her plump pussy onto her small, questing tongue, before burying her own in C'ar'lita's neatly displayed mound and making her squeal once again. The pair locked together, soft thighs clamped around busy heads as they licked each other toward an inevitable climax.

Hearing a small noise from the door, Hyl'ena looked up and was shocked to see Mistress Gwy'neth leaning against the frame. Rather than the mask of utter fury she had grown to expect, the older woman wore an expression of guilty ecstasy. To her delight, Hyl'ena saw that the Mistress was exposing and kneading a full breast with one hand, while the other was down her panties playing with her cunt. So she likes to watch, thought the rider as her pussy was furiously probed. Hyl'ena continued to watch Gwy'neth masturbate as she lowered her head to lap at C'ar'lita's snatch once more. After a while she raised a finger to her lips, then beckoned to the Mistress, who needing no further invitation knelt between the maid's spread legs and inhaled the scent of dripping pussy deeply, continuing to frig herself. Hyl'ena nodded towards the maid's twitching pussy, and after a moment's hesitation Gwy'neth pushed her own tongue into the sopping wet snatch, revelling in the taste she had desired for so long. Feeling her own orgasm building to a head, Hyl'ena threw caution to the wind and added her own pink tongue to the equation, causing C'ar'lita's to scream in joy as her pussy twitched wildly.

"Oh, Miss Hyl'ena! It feels as if you have two tongues! I'm cumming, I'm cumming!! Ohhh!!" The maid's juices sprayed the tongues and faces of both Hyl'ena and Gwy'neth and sent both over the edge, the Rider crying out loudly while the Mistress shuddered silently against her own hand. As the interlocked pair lay gasping, Mistress Gwy'neth quickly adjusted her clothes, then left the room as quietly as she had come. After a while gentle snores emanated from Hyl'ena's crotch area, and she rolled off the sticky-faced maid who had fallen unconscious from sexual exhaustion and possible oxygen deprivation. Satisfied by the sapphic encounter, the Rider lay beside the glowing Mexicanthian and kissed her cheek tenderly. Tomorrow, she would set off for the fifteenth nebula to quest for her long lost sister, but for now she must surrender herself; an enraptured listener to the sweet song of sleep...



To be continued!

Feedback/suggestions welcome.