 Note from the Author: 

I'm a first-time author and am interested in making this into a series. I've been writing more chapters already but would appreciate feedback on this one first. Don't be shy to give constructive feedback. 

*****

Blurb: 

Nearly 200 years in the future, humanity and society have changed. Women (fem) are being promoted into power and men are being left behind by political change and genetic manipulation. The story centers on a young male named Dean Johnson trying to make his way in an increasingly feminine society. Humanity is being manipulated by a religion of feminine supremacists that are gradually gaining popular favor and have been wielding influence from the shadows. This chapter introduces the world through the eyes of a college student Dean Johnson. 

- 

Mini mansions and perfectly manicured lawns flew by in near silence as the taxi navigated streets of wealthy suburbia. Charlotte held Dean close, a hand on the inside of his thigh conveying her anticipation. He had never been to his girlfriend's house and felt nervous. He returned her affection with a kiss on the lips; this calmed his nerves. 

Charlotte's lips were brown and full, he pulled away to look into her confident feminine eyes. They were the darkest brown that Dean had ever seen. She wore no makeup in keeping with contemporary fashion. Dean was not as brave, he never left the house without some soft foundation. 

She pulled him close for more, he obliged with a flick of his tongue across her lower lip. Fear struck him, he was unsure if he had done the right thing. 

Dean had no experience with sex, all that he knew he had read in online magazines for boys. He had tried to learn from pornography but he felt dirty looking at all of the naked males. He had read that moving the tongue rapidly across his partners lip would remind her of cunnilingus. Apparently, this was something that all fem expected to receive prior to intercourse. At least that's what some blogs told him. 

When Charlotte responded with a moan of arousal Dean felt a rush of relief. It worked. 

The car slowed to a stop. 

"You have reached your destination." the mature feminine voice emanating from the dashboard conveyed trust and authority. 

Charlotte immediately gave Dean an impatient shove out the door and he got out with compliant haste. Without breaking stride, he popped the hood and picked up her hand bag and slung it over his shoulder followed by one of the straps of his backpack over his other. He could scarcely believe that he was being taken home by the most popular girl in school. 

Charlotte Femworth was the head of the feminine drama troop and a household name to the parents and families of the school. The drama troop were the paragons of UCLA, the example of the best young people that the community had to offer. 

To Dean, it felt only right to carry her bags to the front door. It was one of the most grandiose houses that he had ever entered. 

The long driveway guided their ascent to a two-story mansion atop a cliff that overlooked the bay. The garden looked like it had been kept professionally, with a water feature making a roundabout at the top of the driveway. 

She took his hand reassuringly. He looked down in response to the novelty of the moment. His white fingers locked between her dark brown skin. He looked into her eyes again, now that they were standing he had to look up. She stood a head taller than him from atop her heels; as was common for most couples. She was endowed with generous curves and a wide waistline. Her large breasts were modestly covered but still boasted feminine power. 

Dean trained daily to look good, but she was endowed with natural size that meant that she could over power him despite her relatively sedentary lifestyle. 

Charlotte led him through the heavy wooden doors with "Femworth" written on the front. That last name had always made Dean curious. He knew that it wasn't a traditional family name but one that had been established within the last hundred years or so. He wondered what could ever inspire anyone to invent a new family name. 

"Peter we're home! Get us those snacks now." she called out coldly. 

It didn't surprise Dean that someone with such an opulent living situation would have a professional butler. 

"Yes ma' am." a voice replied in the distance. He was somewhat younger than Dean expected. 

Charlotte continued to treat Dean to the grand tour of the dinning and leisure rooms of the estate. In one of the hallways he noticed a picture of a mature lady who bore resemblance to Charlotte. She held one palm up as if taking an oath and wore an ornate, long black dress with a grey wig and stood across from the US president. 

"I still can't believe that your Mum is on the supreme court." Dean shook his head as if pinching himself. 

The next photo was a group shot of the 9 justices. The were all fem for the first time ever. Justice Femworth replaced the token male justice that had remained. 

As she was showing off the enormous pool and jocose an assertive feminine voice startled both of them from behind. 

"Aren't you going to introduce me Char?" 

It was a mature lady that made even Charlotte seem small. While no taller than Charlotte, this lady was obese rather than voluptuous. Her demure business dress exaggerated her girth and draped to just above the ground. It projected femininity and power despite its impracticality. Dean's heart skipped a beat. 

"Mom! I thought that you were out!" was all that Charlotte could say. 

"And miss this? I got wind that you were up to something when you asked Peter to have some snacks ready. Who is this lovely creature?" her eyes never stopped inspecting Dean as she spoke. She looked him in the eye. He reflexively looked to the ground but he could still feel her scanning him up and down. 

With a long head of hair that was gray going on white, she appeared to be in her sixties and hadn't aged well. Her face was saggy and wrinkled. She looked a like a lady who drank too much and didn't bother at all with make up or beauty. Dean felt repulsed, terrified and awestruck all at once. 

Charlotte sighed and gritted her teeth, "This is Dean, a boy from college. He is in the drama support crew and the does athletics."

"Oh and what is your role as a booster boy sweetie?" she was aware that this line of questioning was irritating her daughter but this only caused her to smirk. 

"Catering, Mrs Femworth." he replied. 

"Oh perfect, I can tell by the look of you that aren't one of those audio visual nerds. And I prefer justice Femworth thank you." she added a polite correction. 

"Oh I'm sorry justice Femworth. Of course." he responded with a tone of panic. 

"No need to apologize, now you know." she added. 

"You would love to meet my husband Peter, I'm sure that he could show you a thing or two in the kitchen." she confidently strode back inside and waved Dean along without even looking back for his response. 

She led him and an irritated Charlotte to an oversized kitchen with marble benchtops and every modern appliance available. But what shocked Dean was who he found there. 

A male no older than 25 was whisking cream in a bowl. He wore nothing but skin-tight shorts that looked painted on. 

"Hubby, this is Dean, Charlotte's boy." she called out before he had a chance to turn around. 

Much to Dean's relief the young husband wore a white apron across his front. He quickly wiped his hands on a towel and moved forward to shake Dean's hand. 

Dean felt intimidated by his handsomeness. He looked like a boy from a car advertisement or a popular porn movie. His perfect bone structure and smooth skin where the complete opposite of lady Femworth. 

Dean was utterly perplex by why and how this male would marry such an unattractive lady. 

"Is the money and luxury worth that much?" he thought. 

"Show him the ropes thanks hun. I want to have a chat with my daughter." she declared without an expectation of protest from anyone. This lady was used to being in control. 

"Yes mistress" he responded with slightly subservient body language. 

Before Dean knew what was happening he found himself whisking some eggs. 

Meanwhile, lady Femworth lead her furious daughter outside and closed the door. 

"He's a firm one! Better than the last one! Much more polite too." she smiled approvingly. 

"Mom! I hate when you do this!" Charlotte protested. 

"I know Char but it it's for your own good. I'm not just here to perve on your new boy toy. I'm here to remind you of the other thing." she ended with a motherly pause. 

"Oh my Goddess, the sex talk again!? Is this going to happen every time!?" Charlotte threw her hands up in embarrassment. 

Her mother wasted no time to get to the point, "We both agree that it's better for your career and image if you achieve pregnancy on him." 

"Oh Goddess!" Charlotte turned away and put her head in her hands. 

"Do you have any boundaries!?" she almost shouted. 

"I want what is best for you, nothing shows promising youthful femininity like pregnancy. With current technology it will be totally pain free. You'll have him on the hook for twenty-five years. If it's a boy then we can make him raise it, and if it's a girl then I'd love to have another little princess in the palace. Between my money and his child support you won't have to even break your stride." she reminded her pleadingly. 

"I know, I know! What do you think I'm doing Mom!? You have to trust me! Writing in a twist like this will only make him suspicious!" she pointed inside, "You are giving him cooking lessons already! For Dibella's sake!", She pleaded in disbelief. 

"I told you not to use that holy name in vain young fem!" justice Femworth pointed menacingly. 

They both paused for a quiet moment. 

"But you have a point." the elderly matriarch conceded. 

"I just don't want you to go through what I did. Don't leave it late Char" she said with a soft vulnerability that was rare. 

"I know mom. Your right. I'll close the deal this time." 

They both smirked. 

- 

Dean felt a rush of panic as Charlotte pushed him against the back of her door. She breathed in through her nostrils sharply and stuck her tongue in his mouth. Dean was shocked that she was moving so quickly. 

"I've been wanting this for so long." she said as she grabbed him by his waistband and pulled him to the edge of her bed where she sat down. 

It wasn't until then that he notice the clothes all over the floor and the posters of movie, and music stars all over the walls. On the opposite wall was an impossibly ripped boy standing naked with his enormous erection pointing upwards in vein subjugation. Dean knew that he was attractive but he could never compete with that. 

He looked away and pushed the terror back down. 

"I just have to make her feel good." he thought to himself, "Remember the golden rule, that they say on 'Modern Boy', don't cum unless she says so." 

She pulled his T-shirt off with surprising ease and threw it on the floor. Then ran her hands down his front and over his fatless and hard abs. Dean was proud of his definition. 

"Oh my Goddess!! That's fucking amazing! You sexy cock!" She said as she moved to his belt. 

Dean was shocked by her strong language but before he could even think she as unclipping his belt. He was losing control of the situation fast. 

His belt chimed as it hit floor and her nails dragged along dents at the top of his vee. They clasped the top of his underpants and she ripped them to the floor. 

"AAHH woo!" Charlotte could not help but holler as she saw him naked for the first time. 

It was as if he was a stripper and she was the audience. Dean couldn't help but feel shame. He was naked and humbled in front a fem for the first time in his life. He was losing his virginity outside of marriage and his mother would practically disown him if she ever found out. He felt such a rush to hear the excited appreciation of the most popular and important girl in school. 

His cock was hard and upturned. It demonstrated that he was ready to give himself to her, to be enveloped and submit in a way that only a male could. He had been raised to view sex this way. He felt dirty but he couldn't stop himself. 

Dean had waxed himself the night before in case Charlotte wanted to see him naked. He knew that girls found male pubic hair offensive. 

"I'll only let her see me and make out" he had told himself when he was painfully grooming in preparation, "Maybe I'll go down on her but I can't lose my virginity." 

He finally caught up to reality and remembered that fem expect cunnilingus before sex. He didn't want to have sex but he thought that if he can please her well enough with his tongue then she might be satisfied with that. 

He crouched down and put his hands on her thighs. She reciprocated by opening them and leaning forward and tugging on her long dress. 

"Unbutton it" she said with a hand on his head. She was confident as if she had done this before. Dean felt lost and unsure of himself. 

Dean began unbuttoning the front of her dress to reveal her hairy legs. They felt foreign to him. It was rare to see the legs of a fem as they were usually covered by a long modest dress. And unlike males, they were not expected to shave. 

With both of her hands clutching his hair she guided him to her sex and he began to tentatively lick her labia through a think bush of wild black hair. He faithfully did his best to stick with the techniques that he had read about. 

"Treat the vagina like the most precious thing in the world. When good boys lick pussy they put the satisfaction of their fem first and always obey direction. But most of all, fem love boys who don't just lick pussy, they worship it. These boys are grateful to be humbled so that their fem may receive pleasure. If you approach oral sex this way then any fem will find you irresistible." Modern Boy magazine. 

"Faster" she said as she pressed his head into herself harder. 

Dean could feel her hands say "Know your place as a male!" as she clenched his hair. But wasn't sure if he was imagining her offensive thoughts. 

"And look at me, good boy" she said. 

Dean couldn't believe that he was actually doing something that he had always assumed that he wouldn't do until his wedding night. It felt so right, but he knew it was wrong. 

Charlotte's sex was pungent and Dean's tongue and jaw ached like fire after five minutes. He was determined to impress and he looked into her eyes longingly. She appeared to be enjoying herself for what seemed like an hour. He was concerned she would not orgasm. In every porn film that he had seen, the lady would orgasm much more readily. He wondered if it was because he had slowed down because of his jaw and tongue were tired. He felt that he needed to do something to make up for his poor performance. 

"Oh, Charlotte. Thank you for letting me worship you." he said in a deep sultry voice. The words were hollow and false to him, but he just couldn't bear the humiliation of failing to satisfy her. He was getting desperate and was willing to try anything. 

She looked down at him and locked on him with ecstasy and aggression. 

"Ohh! I don't think that I can hold on much longer pet! Do you want me to cum on your pretty face?" she said urgently. 

Dean nodded with wide eyes as his tongue was busy dancing across her clitoris. 

"Do you want to swallow all that I give you!?" there was more tension in her voice now. 

Dean's eyes went wide like saucers and he froze for a second before nodding. 

She pulled his head away from her vagina as she reached the edge, "Beg for it!" 

"Oh... um", He stuttered, "Oh... p-please Charlotte. Please cum on my f-face!" 

She dealt him a quick soft slap on his cheek, "And!?" 

"A-and... and...", Dean couldn't find the words, he didn't want to find the words. 

"Because I want to swallow your cum!" she punctuated her instruction with a firmer slap to his cheek. 

"Be.. c-cause I want to s-swallow y-your cum." he said with a forlorn look. 

The fact that he obviously didn't want to swallow her fluids didn't give Charlotte any pause. She slammed his face back into her hairy mound with a wet slap. Moments later her entire body shuddered and she squeezed his head with her powerful dark legs. 

"AAHHH!! Goddess! Fucking slut!!" she cried as rush of pungent fluid filled Dean's mouth and dribbled over his cheek. It was salty and smelt slightly of urine. He knew that this was good news but it was an awful sensation. He grimaced and spluttered only to have more flow into his mouth. 

"Oh yea swallow that jizz you fucking buck!" she shuddered as her eyes rolled back. Her look portrayed sensations of ecstasy that Dean longed to feel also. Her words hurt him but he didn't think that she truly meant them. 

Right then he had a job to do, and he felt like he was failing. He shut his eyes for a moment and swallowed some of the fluid that rushed into his mouth. He felt himself gag slightly at the strange taste every time that his mouth filled again. 

"Oohh yea!!" she sighed from pure relief and fell back wards onto her bed. 

Dean pulled his head from under her dress, then laid down next to her and snuggled his naked body against Charlotte's as she rode the afterglow of her explosive release. Her impressive feminine chest was undulating with each slow breath. 

Dean looked in the mirror and was confronted by the image of their reflection. She was still wearing her elaborate black dress that honored her dignity. He was a naked whore snuggling against her in a desperate attempt to please. What shocked him the most was that his cock was so erect that it was even harder than the dildo that rested on her bedside table. 

Another passage from the sex advice column of "modernboy.com" entered his mind, "An erection is the universal symbol of sexual submission. Your cock is closer to your heart than you mind is and therefore it never lies. Listen to what it is telling you." 

"Are you sure you are virgin!? Cause that was impressive." she frowned. 

"Yea. I've just... you know... read a bit." he said. 

"Yea I can see that. Good for a beginner but you still have a lot to learn." she chuckled. 

"Now I'm going to ride you" she announced and began to climb on his naked body while still in her dress. 

"Wait, I have condom." Dean tried to get up but she pinned him down. 

"But baby. I don't like rubbers. They don't feel as good. I don't want anything to come between us sweetie." she pleaded as she found his hard offering. 

"It's not my time anyway." she lied. 

Dean was beside himself with arousal and found her promise good enough. 

"Ok." he nodded quietly. He focused himself as he secretly vowed to hold it in and not cum. He didn't want to risk it and was terrified. 

She deftly unzipped the back of her dress and took off her bra to reveal her feminine orbs in all of their glory. Dean had never seen real breasts before in his life and had seldom seen pictures. Such a thing was considered an affront to feminine dignity. Only taboo forms of pornography would feature exposed breasts. The consensus was that they signified feminine power and authority, not something to ever be used to entice. 

She mounted him and wasted no time before rocking back and forth with purposeful vigor. Dean had never seen breasts move in his life, and these were enormous and symmetrical. Her areolas were almost the size of his palm. After 20 seconds he realized that he had forgotten all thoughts of resistance and his orgasm was beginning to stir embarrassingly early. He was not prepared for this. 

"Oh yea, I'm in control now pet!" she said as she held him down effortlessly. 

Her breasts proved her point with every rocking motion back and forth. They were a hypnotic demonstration of her natural power. Dean didn't believe in the Goddess but his cock was telling him something very different. 
