 Gina's log. 3218 hours to Earth orbit. Still no clue as to the android's real purpose, or how to discover said purpose without damaging it. He responds to some voice commands, but rarely speaks. I have no idea how to get him to listen to me consistently. No wonder he was crafted in a male form. Have spent the last 1014 hours studying the books on robotics available in the ship's library. I'm no closer to understanding them now than I was on page one. The only thing I've learned is how to repair him. Perhaps I could get his attention by dressing like a nurse. The journey is passing quickly and other than frustration with myself over my inability to understand the mechanical man, this is the least stressed I've felt since signing on.

Gina lay flat on her back on her work bench. The android held her legs up so that her calves were braced against its chest. Her fingers desperately gripped the edge of the bench top to keep herself from being driven into the wall by his relentless pounding. Even though he was a machine, he was so much better at this than any of the men she'd been with. His long, thick cock seemed to curve slightly so that it hit her sweet spot every time he surged into her. The blood pounding in her ears almost seemed louder to her than the sound of her moans and the wet slapping of his hips against her ass. She found herself biting her lower lip as though she might wake the rest of the crew from stasis. Then, suddenly, her whole body shuddered around him. He leaned forward, plunging fully into her, and she could feel his cock pulse and buck inside her as though he were coming, too. She felt sure that if he hadn't been so deep inside her, she might have soaked the entire floor. XTC held her body tight to his and it seemed to go on a long time. Finally, as though he could sense her body slowing, the droid stepped back and its cock retracted back inside itself, wet and glistening with her juices.

Gina sat up, almost groggy with post-orgasmic bliss, found her vape and turned it on. As she blew her first cloud of mist at the ceiling, she grinned at XTC. "Was it good for you?" she joked.

"Yes, Captain Miller," he replied. "Very good."

His answer was unexpected and made her laugh.

"Well, good. I don't do this with just anyone, you know." Gina chuckled, still glowing. XTC responding to her made her feel a closeness to him that she didn't always feel. It was rare he said anything. He was definitely the strong, silent type. She sucked at her flavoured water vapour for a minute, then sighed. "I almost wish this trip wouldn't end," she told him. "I think you're probably the best thing to ever happen to me."

It was soon after. XTC had shut down and she hadn't got another word out of him, so Gina was working at her bench, trying to reassemble a malfunctioning power unit. She was broken from her thoughts by a loud wolf whistle. With a scream, she spun to find Rod standing in the doorway, leering at her. Her heart was pounding, and she was glad she'd put her panties back on.

"What a sight to wake up to," he commented.

"What are you doing up?" she asked, frowning and instantly suspicious.

"I thought you might be lonely," he said. His lecherous grin said exactly how he proposed to remedy that. Suspicions confirmed.

"I'm not that lonely," she shot back.

She turned her back to him as much as she could, to hide her stiff nipples poking out the front of her tank top, and pretended the power unit was suddenly the most interesting thing in the world.

"If I'd known this is how you dress when you're on duty, I'd have stayed up and shared rotation," he said.

Gina tried to ignore him, even though she could feel him staring at her ass, on full display in her bikinis.

"You smell good," he said, stepping closer and sniffing the air theatrically.

She instantly flushed bright red. The whole room must smell like her. Could he tell what she'd been doing? How couldn't he? She gasped and tried not to stare at him. He stepped closer, so close he was almost touching her. She could smell the sweat on him.

"Come on, cuteness, why don't we...?" he started, but he never got to finish. He didn't have to. 

Gina would rather weld her ears shut than hear the end of that sentence. Her brain was suddenly filled with a nightmare vision of the smelly, unshaven engineer on top of her, holding her legs apart, hips pumping furiously, raping her right there on the bench.

"I've got a spanner and I'm not afraid to use it!" she threatened, snatching up and waving the tool. She wished that didn't sound so lame. "And don't forget who maintains your pod," she reminded him.

"Hey! All right! So hostile," he said, raising his hands and taking a half step back. "Just trying to make the trip more enjoyable."

"My trip's just fine," she replied, edging around him toward the door.

Rod cast a scowling glance at the android. "Fine, you and your toy have fun together. It's a long way back to Earth, little girl."

"I'm going to go have a shower," she informed him. She hoped his pervert imagination made his brain overheat thinking about her naked in the open, sonic cubicle. "Don't even think of following me."

"Wouldn't dream of it," he replied, still scowling.

"You know," she called over her shoulder as she breezed out, "it gives a great massage. Just ask it for one."

She heard the scream before she was ten feet away. Gina didn't see Rod again until they'd made orbit.

Gina's log. 2212 hours to Earth orbit. I'm discovering that while electronics and repair in an environment with limited resources is sometimes challenging, understanding robotics is insane. I'm unlikely to grasp this in my lifetime. I think I need to concede defeat. I'm just not cut out to be a programmer, or robot shrink. At least he doesn't need to worry much about breaking down with me around. It might be kind of kinky sticking things in him for a change. Speaking of maintenance, he seemed to enjoy it when I gave him a good polishing, top to bottom, yesterday. I would swear he purred at me when I was working his shoulders. Also on the topic of unexpected android behaviour, XTC has picked up a new routine, but I have no idea what triggered it. Lately, when I get up, he's been greeting me with a good morning and a cup of coffee. He still calls me Captain Miller. I'm dying to find out who she is.

Gina lay over the bench, panting. She thought for sure that you'd be able to see steam rising off her bare ass. After a long, languorous minute, she stretched. She was grinning and filled with a happy warmth. When she turned to get her post-massage vape, her blood turned cold. The medic was leaning against the door frame, arms crossed, watching her. He shot her a raised eyebrow.

"How long have you been there?" she asked, fighting to get the words out.

"Long enough," he replied, pushing himself upright.

"Did you... see?" she stammered, worried he'd learned her secret, seen her bent over her work table, face down, her breasts mashed against its surface, XTC holding her arms in his hands and controlling her completely while his cock plunged into her over and over until she thought she'd lose her mind.

"I see you've been alone for far too long," he replied.

"What... what are you doing up?" she managed.

"Mandatory checkup," he said, stepping closer. "I missed the one on the trip out. Forgot to set the alarm. Now, I'm sorry I did."

Normally, Gina left her tank top on, only removing her panties for massage time (she was down to her last pair, since XTC was prone to tearing them off if she didn't get them off quickly enough for him), but this time she was completely naked. Not having that one last article of clothing left her feeling even more vulnerable than when Rod had intruded on her and she did her best to cover herself with her hands.

"Do we have to do it now?" Gina asked, taking a half step back.

"You're already naked. Can you think of a better time?"

Gina shook her head. She was reluctant to refuse him, given what he may have seen.

"Are you all right?" he asked. "I could do it later."

"No, that's okay," she conceded. Really, she didn't know why she was so flustered. He was the ship's doctor and he seemed like a perfectly okay guy. He'd always been friendly to her. He was even pretty good looking for his age.

"Well then, shall we adjourn to my office?"

Gina nodded and followed him, embarrassed to realize that she didn't even know his name.

Everyone referred to him as 'the medic' because he'd started out as a corpsman, something he was still proud of, having seen two war zones and several peaceful ones behind him before deciding to take to space. Now that he was middle-aged, despite the men he worked with, he had an easy way about him.

In a way, the training and experiences of his earlier years made him ideally suited to being a ship's doctor. Just as for Gina, resources were extremely limited, and he had to be good at making do with what he had, able to improvise. Up here, prevention was more important than repair, and he had to be as much psychologist as doctor. The med bay was one small room, the size of a typical clinic consult room. In addition to the examining table, it housed what lab equipment he had available and the ship's pharmacy. Anything serious would require the patient be placed in their pod in stasis and hope they survived until the ship made port.

Gina perched on the edge of the table, and fidgeted while she watched him get out his tools. Both their heads turned at a noise in the doorway. XTC stood watchful guard there, hovering like a protective parent.

"Does it follow you everywhere?"

"He sort of does his own thing. I haven't figured him out yet."

The fact that he had followed her did make her wonder, though. He didn't do it very often, and she wondered what triggered the behaviour. The puzzle completely took her mind off the medic, at least until she felt his hand on her breast and realized he'd asked her something.

His initial physical checkup was cursory, and of course showed that she was perfectly healthy, but he asked several questions that seemed designed as much to prolong the amount of time she was naked, as to ascertain her mental health. It was when he asked her to lie back and put her feet in the stirrups that she felt the heat flood her cheeks again. Knowing that he was about to examine the evidence of her rather vigorous robotic ravaging was an embarrassment she'd never thought she'd have to endure. She was thankful that XTC didn't actually cum inside her.

"Looks like you've really abused yourself," he commented. "Do you use a toy?"

Unable to answer, Gina simply nodded.

"You might want to be a little more gentle with yourself," he suggested. "You're pretty red."

You might want to keep your opinions to yourself, she thought. She didn't feel any more tender than she usually did. It was that good sore, too.

The medic soothed his hand over her pussy. He rubbed her lips and traced little circles over her clit that she was pretty sure weren't completely clinical.

"You might want to lay off the mechanical pleasure for a while," he commented.

Omg! What did he mean by that? He did see! He...

"You know, if you're lonely..." he started, letting the suggestion hang in the air.

Gina wanted to tell him to go back to his pod, or just get off the table and walk away, but she didn't know if this was a genuine interest in her, or a thinly veiled extortion for his silence, because he'd seen her getting screwed by the robot. Silently, she nodded her head.

The medic raised an eyebrow, but didn't ask twice. Grinning, he unzipped his pants and tugged his already stiffening cock free. Any consideration for her 'redness' vanished with the nod of her head. Without a word, he stepped up to the edge of the table and looked down at his target eagerly. He slapped her pussy with his hard shaft several times, which made her jump (to his amusement), then he lowered the head between her wet, swollen lips. He paused at her entrance to look into her eyes and then pressed forward.

As his cock slid into her, Gina couldn't help but compare him to her robotic lover. "Why can't I even remember his name?" she asked herself. "Did anyone even tell me his name?" As her flesh spread around him, she had to admit that it felt good. As much as she'd wanted to say no, it felt good. Not as good as X, though. She let out a surprised gasp as he grabbed her by the waist and pulled her hips further down the table, as close to him as possible.

Bracing his hands on either side of her waist, the medic leaned over her, supporting his weight on the table. For several seconds, the only sound was his panting and the slap of his hips against the rounded globes of her ass. Despite herself, she found her pussy clutching around him. He groaned and his movements became awkward already. He tried to refuse to give in to his lust, to make it last, but she felt too good and it had been too long. Surrendering, he drove himself into her quickly, chasing after that orgasm before it got away from him. Gina reached up and teased her breasts, squeezing them. She could feel that pull inside her, the knot tightening. Suddenly, his cock exploded inside of her hot, grasping tunnel, spilling so much cum into her that she could feel it overflowing and running down her ass. She'd been so close. She could feel him jerking hard inside her, and he hung his head, fighting for breath. He stayed like that for so long that she was on the verge of asking if he was okay, when he finally lifted his face and smiled weakly at her.

Gina stared at the ceiling and tried to catch her breath while the doc stepped back and zipped himself up again. He offered her a wipe to clean herself, then sat down at his computer to finish updating her file. He stayed with her a couple minutes longer, then returned to his pod. Typical guy, she thought—got what you want, bye bye. Wham, bam. When he'd left, she got out her vape and sat on the table for a couple more minutes, lost in thought.

"Do you think he saw?" she asked. XTC glanced her way, but didn't respond. "I hope not," she mumbled. "My career is over," she muttered, blowing a frustrated cloud at the ceiling. Gina had no intention of making mention of the droid's best skills in her report. That would look great on her resume—maintained interstellar cargo ship, had sex with android. Enjoyed submissive sex with android, she corrected herself. She wondered if 'likes being held down and taken from behind' counted as a skill. "Looks like it's just you and me again, big guy."

Hopping off the table, she went to XTC and ran her hand over his hard, smooth chest. "He's nowhere near as good as you," she told him. "I'm going to have a shower and a nap, then maybe we can go to the lounge and read?" She didn't really expect a response, but she found it made her feel better talking to him. XTC dutifully followed her from the room.

The medic 'checked in on her' twice more over the next few days and made little pretense of tending to her mental health. She had a breakthrough during this time, though she wasn't sure if she was simply imagining it. She'd found herself continuing to wonder about XTC following her to the 'checkup'. Perhaps she was attributing human behaviours to something that couldn't possibly have any, but it seemed like the less clothes she wore, the more attentive and helpful he was. The odd time she was in her jumpsuit to do some particularly dirty job, he was nowhere to be found, or he powered down and recharged. When she was in her underwear, her usual shipboard attire, he was his usual self, bringing her morning coffee or initiating the occasional massage, but mostly just silently watching her and stubbornly refusing to reveal all his secrets. The moment her panties came off, it was massage time. After that, though, so long as she hadn't put them on again right away, it seemed like he was a lot more helpful. He still wouldn't answer her questions, but so long as she said his name first, he would perform a number of simple tasks. What really made Gina think about it, though, was how much his behaviour changed the few times she'd been completely nude.

When she was naked, he would follow her wherever she went, and even help without being asked... sometimes. This was hard to confirm, because her being naked also seemed to be a universal signal that it was time for a massage, if not the moment the plastic man laid eyes on her, then as soon as she turned around and bent to grab something. He'd first surprised her by wordlessly offering her a tool that she'd been blindly reaching for which had been just out of reach. He'd handed her her vape after a long massage session. He'd even given her a real massage once, which was heaven. When she was naked or close to it, it seemed like those were the times he'd followed her all over the ship and listened to her read to him, vent about her job and crewmates, talk about her ambitions. These were all things definitely out of the ordinary and displaying personal initiative, rather than simply responding to commands. Unfortunately, after being walked in on by Rod and by the medic, Gina had no intention of wandering around nude all the time just to test her theory.

A couple weeks from port, she suffered her first android accident... and she wasn't entirely sure it was an accident.

They'd been on the deck. Gina had bounced across the room, energetic and cheerful from telling XTC a story about the time, as a teen, that she'd come home late after sneaking out of the house to go to a party with a friend. She'd been about to climb through her bedroom window, but she shared the room with her sister and saw, just in time, that her sister had sneaked her boyfriend in. Gina'd hid in the bushes and masturbated, watching her sister enthusiastically bouncing up and down on him, when all of a sudden it started to rain. A little drunk and too chicken to climb through the window, she'd sat out in the bushes getting soaked. She'd almost frozen herself, and had nearly caught pneumonia. She was so sick she'd been in bed for nearly a week. Gina never sneaked out of the house again. Despite that, years later she still had fun repeating the story, and still got warm remembering the sight of them. In her mind's eye, she could still see her sister rocking back and forth on her boyfriend, and the point where their bodies met. It was one of the most erotic things she'd ever witnessed.

Gina knelt on one of the captain chairs, facing the wrong way. She was gripping the head rest and arching her nearly naked backside out toward the room. She wagged it back and forth, bubbling with almost girlish excitement after recounting her tale.

"I could never do anything like that," she said, glancing at the command console to make sure it was as quiet as it should be. It was. "I'm not that adventurous."

She looked back, past her shoulder, just in time to see XTC crossing the distance between them. Gina'd suspected what he had in mind, but it didn't prepare her for what he actually did. When he reached her, the droid placed one hand between her shoulder blades and forced her chest into the back of the chair, making her gasp. Her nipples, already stiff from telling her story, instantly hardened into achy little bullets. Reaching down, he tore her last pair of panties from her body. As she felt her ass bared to the air, Gina nearly creamed on the spot. For a moment, he didn't move, and she imagined him admiring the view of her large, smooth ass sticking out toward him, cheeks spread and showing him everything. She felt the familiar warmth of his cock rise up between her legs. Her pussy tightened in anticipation of the fucking to come, but as the android's hips edged forward, she felt the soft, smooth head trying to enter her... ass! Her eyes widened and she squealed in surprise. She'd never! There was a moment's panic where she thought of resisting, trying to twist from his grasp, but she knew there was no stopping him. She couldn't do anything but hold onto the chair and submit. Part of her didn't want to resist. The excitement of not knowing what would set him off, or when, made her feel alive like nothing else could. Now she could add not knowing what he would do to that list. Gina had thought about trying this, but it had always seemed so dirty, she'd always been too chicken, and she'd never known anyone she would have trusted enough to try it with. XTC made the choice for her.
