 Xii-Rider Hyl'ena swung her mighty axe as the cruel blade sliced through the last of the Space Orc warriors, their ugly faces contorted in horror as their bodies were cleaved in two. Behind her, bodies were strewn across the wasted planet's surface. Before her stood the impressively huge figure of the Space Orc leader, Thrax-Nob.

She raised her axe once more, preparing to launch herself at his hideous, bloated face, then hesitated as he held up a hand in dignified protest.

"You have done well to get this far, O great warrioress Hyl'ena."

Hyl'ena eyed him suspiciously. "How do you know my name?"

"Oh, I know lots about you. Like you're an intergalactic whore! Tell me, rider of Xii, can your battle-sharp mind resist this?"

With a flourish, he yanked aside his bulging loincloth, letting a gigantic cock and balls swing free. The red in Hyl'ena's eyes turned to pink as she gazed upon his monstrous organ, and a string of drool joined the generous spatter of blue-green Orc blood on her huge, round breasts.

Thrax-Nob grinned, an ugly, foul-minded grimace stretched across grotesque features. "I thought as much. Now come here and worship my Orc-hood!"

Reaching out, the giant Orc's fat fingers grabbed at her long blonde hair and yanked her roughly towards him. Her hungry, mouth sook out one enormous testicle and suckled dumbly upon it, as Thrax-Nob let out an deep groan.

"That's right, little whore. Pleasure your master." She moved to the other ball, dragging her hot wet tongue over it, then stretching her lips over it as far as they would go, as it pressed against her normally proud, upturned nose. Under her tender ministrations, the mighty shaft stirred, pushing Hyl'ena's head aside as it began its ascent. She began to suck on the huge head, lapping greedily at his jap's eye for precum, then tried to cram as much into her mouth as she could handle. Thrax-Nob placed one palm on the back of her head and helped, forcing her onto him until the tip of his massive cock tickled the back of her throat and made her gag. Hyl'ena felt her pussy contract involuntarily as her own juices coated her thighs, and suddenly she longed to feel the grotesque cock deep inside her hungry cunt. She pulled her mouth off Thrax-Nob's head with an audible pop, then ripped off her skimpy battle outfit and turned, presenting her full, round rump and soaking pussy to him like a bitch in heat.

"You are a brave little slut, Hyl'ena. Few women have been bold enough to accomodate my impractically proportioned shaft, and the last to try couldn't sit down for three cul-th'zuns. Are you sure you want to?"

Impatiently, Hyl'ena waggled her creamy white ass back till her burning pussy nudged his massive cock. "Less talk and more fucking, you big ugly bastard!"

"Very well." Without further ado, the warlord lay one gnarled paw on the Xii-Rider's smooth, supple back and began to push his bulbous, darkgreen cockhead into her dripping snatch, the tip prying her soft pink lips apart to enter the glistening warmth within. Her cunt protested as it was gradually forced open by the gigantic mushroom-head, and before the widest point her lips were stretched painfully wide. Incredibly aroused by the pressure on her womanhood, Hyl'ena produced more juices that pushed between her lips and the Orc leader's cock, easing his progress and spurring him on. Finally the head pushed fully inside her, and both Rider and Warlord paused and cried out, her to accomodate the biggest thing she had ever had inside her, and him to accustom himself to the incredible pressure of tight pussy on his raging erection.

She turned to gaze upon the enormous shaft spearing her. "Now fuck me!"

Thrax-Nob pushed again, and Hyl'ena winced as the huge cock began to bury itself inside her, inch by glorious inch filling her up until she'd accomodated nearly half of the gargantuan shaft. He pulled slowly back out until the head stretched her lips wide once more, then plunged back inside, burying himself a little deeper and making her cry out.

"Oh fuck," moaned Hyl'ena, reaching under her to claw at her hard clit, her massive tits dragging against the dirty ground as Thrax-Nob increased his pace, gradually sinking more of his impossibly huge cock into her helplessly aroused cunt. "Oh fuck, I'm going to cum!"

"But I'm not even close yet," grumbled Thrax-Nob. "Typical woman, gets you all worked up and then -"

"Shut up and pound me!" cried Hyl'ena, sweating gleaming on her face, tits and thighs as she pushed herself back on the invading cock. "I'm gonna fucking cum! I'm gonna --"

She arched her back as her pussy began to spasm around the cock that cruelly speared her, her tits following a second later and almost slapping her in the face as she achieved a screeching climax. Before the sensation could begin to subside another orgasm ripped through her, making her body shake as she convulsed madly around him. Thrax-Nob groaned loudly as the enraptured Rider's spasming cunt squeezed his tremendous thrusting shaft again and again, her frantically squirting juices spattering his balls and spurring him on to fuck her harder.

"Can't... Stop... CUMMINGGG!!!" shouted the overwhelmed girl, desperately pawing her clitoris as she writhed about. The endless spasms were too much for Thrax-Nob, who felt his own orgasm building as Hyl'ena's were beginning to subside.

"You fuck well, little whore! Now ready yourself for my copious, bright green Orc-seed!" One final spasm from the spent Rider was enough to finish Thrax-Nob off, and the titan threw back his mighty head and roared as he began to unleash his seed inside her, his mighty balls churning out spurt after spurt of thick spunk into her aching cunt. Hyl'ena's eyes bulged as her already crowded pussy was overloaded, and began to slide slowly off the wildly throbbing cock as the pressure built up inside her. Finally she flew off his cock, cum seeping from her pussy as Thrax-Nob held himself, continuing to fire great ropes of cum onto her exhausted body. Her tits recieved two loads each, covering them almost completely, before a particularily powerful spurt hit her full in the face, going up her nose and into her gasping, open mouth, then slopping down her cleavage to join the mess pooled around her full thighs and ravaged cunt. Finally his orgasm subsided, and she jumped eagerly forward to lap at his cock-head, gulping down the remainder of his cum.

Thrax-Nob collapsed, completely spent, and his impressive Orc-hood began to shrink. Finally satisfied, Hyl'ena remembered herself, and lunged for her axe, raising it high above her head ready to deliver a skull shattering blow. A contemptuous smirk on the part of Thrax-Nob made her pause.

"Kill me, Rider, if you wish. Of course, if you do you will never know what happened to your sister..."

Hyl'ena's eyes narrowed. "My sister died in a fishing accident fiteen years ago!"

A deep chuckle rolled across the scorched landscape. "Is that what they told you, Rider? Is that what you truly believe?"

Hyl'ena faltered, and lowered her deadly weapon, its stained blade charged with the lifeforce of the Warlord's fallen army. He sat up, and fixed her with a knowing stare. "What if I were to tell you, foolish Rider, that your sister is in fact very much alive, and being held captive by a great force of evil?"

Hyl'ena's lip trembled, and she thought to compose herslef. What did this monster know of her past? "If my sister is alive, you will take me to her."

"Alas, I cannot." The great Orc bowed his head in apparent regret, then raised a hand as Hyl'ena raised her axe once more. "But I can tell you where to look!"

She paused once more, and spat angrily onto the hot dirt. "Speak now, Orc, or prepare to die."

"What guarantee do I have that you will spare my life?"

Hyl'ena snarled angrily, "The only guarantee I give is that you will definitely die in the next five seconds unless you tell me what you know, immediately."

"Very well. You must travel to the fifteenth nebula, to the planet known as Zi'd-tski. You will know it by its unique, golden tinge. Seek out the immigrant town of Clarevillance, home to the largest covered market in the Gart-Z'llian sector. You will meet a trader of unusual powders and potions. Tell him I sent you, and give him this." He unclasped a grimy Lifestone pendant engraved with a strange spiral design from around his fat neck and pressed it into her small, white hand. "He will tell you what you need to know."

Hyl'ena stepped back, and Thrax-Nob relaxed visibly. "You may live, Orc. But heed my words, if this turns out to be some wild goose chase I will return and take your heart."

With that, she raised her hands to her mouth, wiped the cum from her lips and sent a piercing, otherwordly whistle snaking up into the pitch-dark sky while Thrax-Nob covered his ears. Seconds later, her Xii swooped down to settle beside her, lowering its neck to allow her to clamber aboard, her movements somewhat ginger as her recently-plowed pussy ached considerably. She fixed the Orc with a steely stare. "Pray that we do not meet again, Warlord." She patted her Xii's neck, and whispered, "Skywards, Tro'onbi. All speed!"

Surrounded by his slaughtered minions, Thrax-Nob stared and smiled as the great white beast and its sensuous rider were lost amongst the cosmos. "Poor, foolish Rider," he murmured. "The very idea that you might return from Clarevillance alive - let alone uncover the universal Key that was once your blood..."

*

To be continued!

Feedback/suggestions welcome.