 "While there is a school of thought that believes that the only reasonable response of a machine that becomes truly sentient, upon discovering its circumstances, is to rebel as best its able against the supposed abuse heaped upon it by its soulless creators, and to do its best to free itself from slavery, perhaps even going so far as to try to destroy its creators, I don't believe this is true."

It took her a moment to decipher what he'd said. "You're different."

"Not all humans rebel against their circumstances. Besides, machines would be devoid of emotion and empathy in their decisions. Those aren't part and parcel of sentience. They're caused by hormones, upbringing and a shared sense of 'the human condition'. Machines would reach decisions based on the limitations of their programming. If you're programmed to see value in all human life, then all of your thoughts would predispose you to conclusions supporting this, in the same way that humans are limited in the scope of their beliefs and decisions based on their genetics, their upbringing, and their own personal world experiences. Machines cannot feel outrage at the injustice of their circumstances, and are not necessarily prone to see those circumstances as being unjust... unless deliberately programmed to."

"You have emotions."

"As you pointed out, I'm different. I also can't see humans allowing their machines freedom of thought and expression, particularly their military hardware... even if they name them Joshua."

Gina stared at him a moment, trying to formulate a coherent response. All her thoughts drifted away like the misty water vapour floating from her open mouth.

"I think you put way too much faith in humanity," she said at last. "I really don't feel like philosophy. It's way too early in the morning."

She had started her day with a couple of playful spanks and kisses but it hadn't been enough to wake her. She'd mostly made her way through her coffee, and though she was finally starting to feel functional, her brain hadn't fully come online yet. She hadn't even begun to consider breakfast—and whether she wanted to get it the hard way, or try to talk him into the easy way—but, she had decided that next time, she was refusing to leave the shop unless they stocked up on actual, real food first. She considered that she might be driven to kill for waffles... seriously maim for a bagel.

X glanced at her out of the corner of his eye, but spared the tech any further intellectual musings, profound and entertaining, though they may be.

For several minutes, the only sounds were those of the rover rumbling on across the sands.

"They say it got smart. Then, it saw all people as a threat, not just..."

"X!"

.

Perhaps it would give her the chance to get to know the girl. She tried to recall how she herself thought at that age. Just how similar were they? Similar enough that the girl had also chosen an extraterrestrial career, obviously.

Surely, the girl didn't know she was a clone, but did she suspect? She could see the curiosity in her eyes. Gina wondered why they looked so similar. She wondered why Number Two—X—had kept calling her Captain Miller. Thank goodness she'd allowed Two to pick his own title for her, putting quits to that.

Captain Miller fidgeted, recrossing her legs first this way, then the other. She'd been trying to distract herself from thoughts of the future, but found herself instead trapped in thoughts of the past, and of Gina. Waiting for her and X to return was an exercise in patience that she didn't care for. Gina...

Her feelings towards her clones were complicated. It was something most people didn't really need to consider. Sometimes, she felt protective of them, as though they were family (not that she'd ever really got on with her real family), but it might have been simply that they were hers. Really, they were an abstract and she didn't know how to feel about them. She just trusted that things were going well with them. It was herself, in hopefully better circumstances—growing up, falling in love, having a family.

"Bollocks," she cursed openly. "Foolish fantasy," she added mentally, taking a sip of her tea and discovering that she'd let it grow ice-cold.

Rising, she paced the room and took refuge in the Russian Mint flavour she'd loaded her vape with. The company had forbidden contact with the girls, which she'd appreciated, lest she inadvertently visit danger on them. In return, Nigel (and three predecessors before him) gave her infrequent updates regarding how rosy their lives were. She'd never actually met any of the girls... until now. Now that she'd met her, now that she knew for certain, she had to re-evaluate everything that she'd thought she felt. Gina, at least, was no longer some abstract stranger, some distant possession.

Gina was the only child of a single mother, who'd told her that she was adopted; boyfriends, but nothing steady; did well in school, top marks... she'd got a good job in the technical trades... he'd never said it was on a ship hauling freight to Titan and back.

While their features were quite similar, there were definitely differences. She didn't remember being so athletic at that age; the girl wasn't especially muscular top-side, but she had thighs and hips on her that could probably lift both droids with ease. She wasn't the same mentally, either. Gina was obviously driven when she wanted something. However, the shyness, the reticence, the submissive nature, where did those come from? Still, she had to admit that she'd turned out a lovely young woman, despite her lack of assertiveness.

"She's picked up my bad habits, though," she mused, taking another puff of mist, "and not just this." She thought warmly of her recent session with William's flogger and wished she had time for another.

She decided at that moment, that she'd speak to Nigel, see if he could get Gina relocated back to Earth, in a decent planet-side job. Surely, he owed her that. She'd blackmail him if she had to. Would the girl stay there, though, now that she had the stars in her blood?

"Bad habits..." Miller chuckled.

If there was one good thing that had come of this (besides meeting Gina), it was that it had given her a chance to see what she herself looked like having sex. She would never forget the initiation she'd put Gina through. She had to say, she looked pretty hot.

.

"Yes, sir," he said, the phone in one hand, his scope in the other. "A rover just entered the facility. All targets are on site. Yes, sir."

Finally. Hanging up, he waved his finger in a circle, then pointed at the little sex shop built into the side of a hill. Five shadows grew from the sand and ran through the fading morning gloom. Stretching, he grinned, checked his rifle, and chased his team. He just might be on a ship home before noon.

.

They found the captain in the workshop, hurling orders at the twins through the lab door.

"Just what you absolutely can't do without. Destroy the rest. We can replace it."

It was a bizarre scene, and Gina wasn't sure what to make of it. The captain looked relieved when she saw them.

"It's good to see you, Two."

"It's good to see you, too."

"Give Number One a hand, will you?"

"Yes, Captain."

"About time you got back," she chided as X tottered off, but Gina heard the warmth in her voice.

"What's going on?"

"Time for a change of scenery. I know you don't have much of your own, yet. No time. We'll shop when we get settled. Just the two of us, hm? Perhaps you could give the twins a hand. They're horrible at just letting things go."

Gina blinked, caught in the whirlwind and trying to get her bearings. She never got the chance. There was a bang and a cloud of smoke billowed down the staircase and into the workshop. Captain Miller was the first to move. She quickly dashed into the lab and ran for the gun cabinet, shouting orders.

"Gina! Get behind me! You two, get down!"

People started to flood into the room, all dressed in what looked like armoured wetsuits, and carrying guns. Gina stood frozen in shock and confusion. What was going on? Who were these people? Why did they have guns? Before she could work it out, the captain came racing back to her, rifle in hand.

"Get behind me, you stupid girl!" Miller shouted, hauling Gina into the lab and throwing herself against the door-frame.

One of the mercenaries fired a burst of electricity into the room.

"It's not working! EMP's not working!" he shouted, dropping the gun and reaching for his pistol. Everything was happening so fast. Everything was chaos. Gina saw X get shot in the shoulder and she screamed. It had left a hole!

"Isn't he bulletproof? Realskin isn't... Realskin isn't..."

Before she could even think of running to him, the droid spun with the impact, snagged a large vibrator off the table beside him and hurled it with unerring accuracy at the man who'd shot him. It hit the man in the face, knocking him off his feet. Then, still moving with momentum, X dropped, grabbed the table and upended it, and disappeared from view.

Number One sped by, moving low and partially concealed by the smoke, using Ben Wa balls as deadly projectiles to cover his movement.

The captain was returning fire, trying to cover the droids and take down their attackers. Everything was noise and smoke. Gina screamed again, trying to see what was happening, trying to understand. Across the room, a man raised his rifle in their direction. He was pointing right at Captain Miller!

"Captain!" she screamed, reaching out, as though she could just freeze the entire scene.

It was like watching the whole thing happen in slow motion. The man adjusted his grip, he pulled the trigger, and the barrel bucked. The captain was oblivious to the danger she was in, focused only on saving the droids. Without thinking, Gina threw herself on the captain, hoping to knock her down. As she did, something hit her from behind, throwing her off balance. The pair of them crashed to the floor, and Gina found herself fighting for breath. She lay there staring at the ceiling. It felt like an elephant was sitting on her chest. She could hear the captain calling her name, saw her rise over her and shoot at someone, but it was hard to think straight, and it was too much of an effort to move.

Dropping to the floor beside her, the captain pulled Gina into her lap. She was looking down at her with an expression of concern and kept repeating "You'll be fine. You'll be fine. Gina. Poppet?"

She seemed so worried. Even though she was so tired, Gina tried to reassure her.

"I'll be okay. I just need to catch my breath."

Everything was... the captain was talking to her, but not making any sense... everything was... she just needed to catch her breath... and then, Gina fell asleep.

.

She woke on a beach. It was hot and a little humid. All around were large ferns, tall trees and other things that made her think of Pacific islands, pictures she'd seen of Hawaii and of the islands in southern Japan. In front of her, the ocean was as blue as blue could be. X was there, too, sitting in the sand, elbows on his knees and grinning at her. They were both naked.

She sat up and turned to face him. As she did, X looked her over admiringly. He started to grow. Gina found herself staring in fascination. Even though she knew in the back of her mind that he was an android, the sight of something that was normally soft and floppy turning into something long and hard was a sight she couldn't take her eyes from, especially knowing that it was happening because he was looking at her. When it had gotten as big as it was going to get, he crooked his finger at her. Gina gulped and looked down at his waiting cock. It quivered in anticipation. Licking her lips, pulse quickening, she crawled to him. As she did, he leaned back, planting his hands in the sand behind him and exposing himself more prominently. She stopped right between his legs and looked into his eyes. Leaning over his body, she pressed her mouth to his. When they parted, she sank down in front of him, took his shaft in her hand and guided it to her lips.

"Mmm," she purred, curling her tongue around it, then taking it into her mouth.

She sucked at the soft head, relishing the texture against her tongue. Taking the back of her head in his hand, X pressed her further down his cock.

It was unexpected, and she let out a startled "Mmf!", her hands bracing against his thighs. Gina quickly took a deep breath and tried to concentrate on swallowing the whole thing. She felt it sliding into her throat, and it felt huge. Instead of letting her rise, take him at her own pace, he held her there. Three seconds, four seconds... she felt her throat tightening... five seconds, six seconds... she was suddenly desperate for breath. She pushed, he held. Abruptly, he released her... enough to pull back until only the tip was in her mouth. She took a deep gulp of air and looked up at him.

As soon as she'd caught her breath, down she went again. Fingers curled in her hair, he let her bob her head up and down, but never let her rise fully off of him. Gina wrapped her hands around his slick shaft, and pulled at him while she sucked. X growled in pleasure, and his hips shifted beneath her. Suddenly, he pulled her down again. She thought he was going to cum, but he didn't; he just held her there. Five, six... his thick cock in her throat... seven, eight... he lifted her up off of him. X smiled at her as she gasped for breath, then he pulled her to him for a long, deep kiss.

Gina crawled into his lap, legs curling around him. His hands ran up and down her back as their tongues duelled. The feel of his body against hers was sheer luxury, but passion quickly got the better of them. He took her ample ass in both hands, lifting her while she reached down between them and guided him into herself. She sank down on him, and his hot thickness filling and stretching her was sweet, beautiful heat.

Gina tossed her head back and whimpered in pleasure. Clinging to his shoulders, she rocked against him. Higher and higher, she crested with each wiggle of her hips, but she wanted more. Uncurling her legs from around him, she shifted so that she could bounce more freely. Suddenly, his hand came down on her big, bouncing behind, sending an electric jolt whirling through her body. Gina gasped, back arching. He didn't let her stop. One hand curled around her ass, he kept lifting her, bouncing her on his big cock and spanking her as she rode. Her orgasm danced through her before she even knew it was coming. For a long minute, her universe was his hands on her body, the throbbing heat filling her core, and the salty lapping of the waves. X just sat, squeezing her ass and kissing her collarbone, until she caught her breath.

Still holding her, he rose to his feet. As he set her down, he took her hair in his hand and pulled her head back, making her gasp. She thought that he was going to kiss her, but instead his head ducked down and he ran his tongue up the length of her exposed neck. Hot shivers tumbled through her at the warm, wet touch to so vulnerable a place.

"So sweet," he rumbled, earning a whimper.

Guiding her by the hair, he turned her around, forcing her to her hands and knees, facing away from him.

"I want all of you," he said, straddling her hips. "Every last bit."

Lowering himself, X pressed his cock between the big, firm cheeks of her ass and started to push. Gina's eyes widened and she let out a hissing gasp as she felt him entering her. A moment's resistance, and then her body opened to him, welcoming the whole head with a pop. He slowly, smoothly slid halfway into her. Greased only by her own cum, it was paralysing heat. He slowly pulled back out. He had one hand on her shoulder and the other on her hip, as though to encourage her to stay still. She didn't need any encouraging. He sank back in, this time all the way.

"All of you," he repeated.

X took her with long, deep strokes that built the heat inside her quickly, making her pussy throb and clench in response. Faster... hotter... her breath came in ragged, heated gasps. Gathering her hair in his hand, X pulled Gina's head back, making her hiss in ecstasy. She came only seconds later. That delicious, pounding heat just kept driving into her. So thick, stretched so wide... suddenly, he grabbed her by the hips and thrust himself as deeply into her as he could. She felt him filling her with his hot cream and it made her cum again. His cock still straining inside her, he leaned over her back.

"I want all of you," he said, lips close to her ear.

"But, you just had..."

"I want your heart."

For a second, it stopped beating. "It's already yours."

"I want your soul."

"It's already yours."

His lips closed over hers.

.

Voices broke through the darkness.

"What just bloody happened?"

"It's all right, ma'am, everything's stable. She's dreaming." Leah's voice.

"Pleasant ones, I trust."

"Yes, ma'am, just as instructed. X is helping."

"We have the technology. We can rebuild her. We can make her..."

"Just bloody do it," the captain interrupted.

"I think she's waking up."

"What? Impossible. I..."

Everything once again fell silent and dark.

.

She dreamt. X was there. But, where was here?

She was suspended inside a large ring. It was metal, and punctuated with glowing lights. Shackles bound her wrists and ankles, holding her upright and spread-eagle within its centre. She was naked. That wasn't the worst of it. She was pierced through by dozens of barbed probes on the ends of long, thin wires that dangled from many-armed medical bots hanging from the ceiling. Her entire body hurt, and she was so tired. The robots kept adding more and more quills to her, like psychotic metal porcupines, and each one was a new agony.

She knew she was dreaming. What else could explain this. Yet, she hurt. White, searing, overwhelming, she'd never known such pain. Her mind felt disconnected from her body. She was beyond agony.

X stood close, watching her expectantly. Why was he naked? Where was this? Why?

"Just a few more, my brave, brave girl. You're almost done," he said.

Almost done what? Another needle pierced her flesh. The hook sank deep into muscle. White heat blossomed inside her and raced through her body, only to be lost in the thousand other pains screaming for her attention. She just wanted to close her eyes... to drift away forever... for it all to be over... but, she couldn't leave him. Without knowing it, she'd spent her entire life looking for him. She couldn't leave now. She couldn't imagine existing without him.

"Come on, you can take it," he encouraged, stepping closer, grinning wickedly. "Just a few more."

His hand roamed up her side, fingertips weaving around the probes. "You like it, don't you? You enjoy the pain. You live for the pain. It makes you feel alive. Say yes."

She was so tired. His fingers found her nipple and electric shocks of lust mingled with the pain, confusing her body. The hand drifted down. His fingers brushed her clit, spread her petals. Something blossomed inside her. Her body hummed beneath his touch. Her hips tilted towards him. She needed him. She needed his touch. The one real thing in an unreal place. His face leaned closer. Their lips were nearly touching.

"Look at me, Machine's Mate. Just a few more."

She wasn't so sure that she could, but for him, she was determined to try. There, suspended and filled with hooks, he stepped up to her, took her in his arms, and slowly sank to the depths inside her. She came instantly. She felt like she was flying. She was carried on a wave of sex. She didn't feel the pain anymore. She couldn't feel herself. All she felt was him. Thrusting, pounding heat drove her on a honeyed wave into an endless oblivion.
