 Shading her eyes against the sun, Gina squinted into the distance. From here, the swirling cloud of red and gold looked like a harmless curiosity. She could almost imagine children wrestling under a blanket, or fluffy cotton balls being tickled by the breeze, but she knew better.

"The sandstorm's coming! We'd better get inside!" she called over her shoulder.

X straightened from his task and looked at her, then past her shoulder.

"I could weather it," he commented.

"Oh, you could weather it?" she parroted, marching up to him. "And who would have to spend the next month buffing you smooth again and digging sand out of your joints?" She glared at him, hands on hips.

X smiled, having gotten a rise out of her. "Then, I suppose we'd best take shelter," he relented. "Allow me to stow the gear."

As if he needed permission, though it was nice that he'd asked. Gina helped, repacking everything into its protective cases for him to haul back into the rover. She worked as quickly as she could, knowing that big storms always moved a lot faster than they seemed to be. Though the atmosphere and the amount of greenery that had been introduced to the planet helped, dust storms (or sandstorms as Gina always thought of them) were still a danger in many places. Martian sand was iron-rich, even now, and more like rust than someone from Earth would expect, but being different didn't make it any less dangerous. The only good thing was that the storms no longer lasted weeks at a time.

The rover sat partially sheltered beneath an outcrop, on a hill overlooking a shallow valley. A rock wall and a roof of stone defended two sides of it, several large boulders stood in front. As soon as they were packed up and she was inside, Gina crawled up into the passenger seat and peered out the window at the approaching storm.

"You may as well make yourself comfortable," X suggested. "These storms last many hours."

She wasn't sure she wanted to know what a droid considered many hours.

"Will we be safe?" she worried, looking at him over her shoulder.

"I'm certain that, given enough time, an archaeological crew may find us."

"That is not funny!"

A moment of silence followed while she studied the shifting sands.

"You are aware that the planet hasn't experienced global storms for many years?" he asked, peeling off his suit. X didn't actually need an environmental suit, but wore one anyway to keep up appearances. He'd even chosen to wear something underneath: boxer briefs... just boxer briefs.

The sight almost distracted Gina from the storm, but she couldn't quite get past the danger bearing down on them. Outside, the storm was rolling in at what seemed like an incredible rate of speed. The closer it got, the less like fluffy cotton balls it looked. Now, it seemed like an angry elemental spirit, a menacing giant looming up from the sand to consume them.

"Worrying about it won't help," he admonished.

"I know," she replied, but how couldn't she?

"Allow me to distract you," the droid said with a purr in his voice, shifting closer.

He'd removed his boxers.

Gina gasped at the yummy sight, but wasn't sure she was in the mood for it. Couldn't he see the storm coming? Didn't he care? He wasn't one to be denied, however. Pulling her to her feet, X started unzipping her suit. When he got it down to her navel, he grabbed each lapel and pulled her in for a kiss. Her hands instinctively roamed over his ribs and the broad planes of his chest. As their lips parted, she looked breathlessly into his eyes. Well, if he wasn't worried...

The droid started peeling the suit down over her arms, staring into her eyes the entire time. It was incredibly hot. Before she knew it, she was naked down to the knees, her clothes jammed around her boot tops. He took her in his arms and kissed her again. One hand fondled her ass, the other cradled the back of her head while their tongues duelled and played. His cock was hard against her belly. When their lips parted, the storm was nearly the furthest thing from her mind. He brought his hand up to her chest, and she thought that he was going to grab one of her breasts, but he didn't. Instead, he extended his fingers and very slowly pushed her backwards.

"Eek!"

As she dropped back into the seat, he sank to his knees between her legs. His hard cock angled up at her and twitched eagerly, like a runner at the blocks. She was forced to sit and watch as he took each foot in turn, unbuckled her boots, and tugged her free of her clothing. No man had ever bothered trying to remove anything except her underwear, so it was a strange and novel sight... though, he did have the same goal in mind. As he cast her clothing towards the back of the rover, he leaned toward her and captured Gina's mouth again.

Reaching around her, he pulled her hips closer, forcing her legs up and apart, and earning another startled squeak. Then, X lowered his cock and edged his hips back until he could rub the wedge-shaped head between the soft, moist lips of her pussy. Pressing just the first few centimetres into her, he stayed like that, hips motionless. Heat instantly blossomed and raced through her body. She inhaled sharply.

"Oh, sir, sir, sir..." she whimpered.

His lips danced along her neck and shoulder. Gina gasped as he sank fully into her. Seizing a wrist in each hand, X pinned her arms above her head. Her excitement level instantly doubled. Dipping his head down, he covered her mouth with his, stealing another passionate kiss as his hips really began to move.

"You are mine," he said, voice low and breathy.

The declaration made her heart soar. She'd never expected to hear something like that from him. She'd always thought that because he was an android, that he could never feel the same attraction towards her as she felt towards him... despite the numerous times he'd proven otherwise... despite his proving it now.

He drove himself into her with long, deep strokes, the kind that really drove her mad. Her feet locked around his back, trying to pull him deeper. She squirmed, but he held her fast, her wrists pinned to the seat above her head.

"Oh! Yes, yes, yes, yes," she muttered, over and over, a lustful mantra.

Suddenly, he started to move faster. The friction built inside her like a ship dropping into orbit. Her orgasm was fast approaching, even before he'd picked up his pace. Then, before she knew it, it was on her. She squealed, pussy spasming around him. He kept his speed even as his cock sent waves of pleasure washing through her, not relenting until he felt her trembles begin to fade.

"I love you," she gasped.

He responded with a kiss, but he wasn't done with her. Taking her hips in his hands, X stood, taking her with him. Instinctively, she clung to him as he turned. Settling back in the chair, he cradled her in his lap. The position had her knees tucked beneath the arm rests and her breasts were in his face. X took hold of her wrists again, pinning them behind her back, while his mouth chased her bouncing nipples.

"Oh!" she cried out as he caught one of her delicious little buds between his teeth and flicked his tongue across it, causing her to squirm in his lap.

She did her best to roll her hips, but felt bound by the awkward position, trapped with the entire length of his cock inside her. Gina whimpered in frustration. She was so full and it felt so good, but she wanted more.

"Please, I need it," she wailed, rocking back and forth.

Releasing her arms, the droid took the large, firm globes of her ass in both hands, held her up off his lap, and drove up into her quickly. It was pure, sweet heat.

"Oh, goddess!" she cried, before being reduced to incoherent whimpers.

Her fingers dug into the seat, and she closed her eyes, letting the sensation take her. The wet slapping of their hips filled the tiny space. Orgasm hit her almost immediately. It raced through her on a honeyed whirlwind. Shudders rippled through her and she moaned loudly. It was followed by another, and another. His cock was unrelenting.

"That's it, cum for me. Cum for me, you soft, sweet creature," he growled, driving deep inside her with lighting strokes until her shudders passed.

"You are amazing," he said, finally slowing and lowering her back onto his lap.

Panting, Gina lowered her forehead to his and fought to catch her breath. She was pretty sure that he was the amazing one. Just then, a fierce gust of wind rocked the vehicle, making her shriek in surprise. Only then did she realize the storm had started. She'd never even noticed.

.

Gina sat with her feet up on the seat, knees pulled up in front of her. She sucked at her vape and stared blankly out the window at the whirling sand. X was in the back, powered down and recharging. Even tucked beneath the outcrop, the wind still buffeted the rover, making it rock gently every time a fierce gust howled past. She tried not to think about being buried in dust, never to be seen again.

It was amazing that people had managed to make such an inhospitable environment as habitable as it was. So much smaller than Earth, Mars was hardly an ideal place to live. Yet, here they were, looking for rare minerals. As many times as Mars had been surveyed and explored, she thought it was amazing that there was anything to be discovered that hadn't already been found. Their task was to study and mark some suspected locations of that mineral the twins were using to make their super-plastic and their self-vibrating compound. They were calling it vibron... at the moment. It was a 'working title'. They were also supposed to maintain some kind of probes the captain had placed as far as several dozen kilometres from her home. Looked like that was on hold. In her head, she composed another log to try to take her mind off the swirling red wall of dust outside the window.

Gina's log. I haven't a clue what day it is, or even what calendar to use, now that I'm on the planet.

I've met X's creators, but they're being really evasive about his design and programming. I guess it's kind of understandable, since I'm new, but it's still frustrating. The twins said they'll let me help update his design. Would that make him X3? Anyway, I'm sure to learn more then. At least, even if she wasn't exactly forthcoming on the details of his programming, the captain assured me that his feelings aren't just canned.

I've been accepted as a member of their team—Machine's Mate. It's essentially the same job I've always done... but the possibilities are a lot more interesting than just fixing coffee machines and heating units. I'm not too broken up about not being chosen as Captain Miller's protege. That's a lot more responsibility and stress than I would ever want. I'm not even sure exactly what she does. It seems pretty shady. She admitted she's a smuggler. I guess that's pretty shady.

My interview was unforgettable. It makes my butt twitch just thinking about it. It was purely physical and completely exhausting. After being fucked by virtually every member of the team except the captain, I slept. Boy, did I sleep. I slept a whole day away. When I did get up, I was starving. 'As hungry as a workhouse urchin' the captain said. I have no idea what that means. The twins collected the rest of my personal information, but I wasn't able to get any indication what my duties are supposed to be. 'Are you always in such a hurry?' she asked me. However, as a mech tech, I already see a number of things I'm sure will be my responsibility. There's machines to maintain, the most important ones being the droids. The twins also suggested I help redesign the toys. If I can get past the fact that they're sex toys, I'm really looking forward to it. The designs are really ingenious. I'm not sure what I can even contribute. I guess it's a lot better than working on photon torpedoes. I think the first thing I want to fix is the really creepy, flickery lights all over the place. So far, I was only given one task. I made flesh for William, just as the twins predicted. That was exciting. While I was at it, I gave X hair. Choices were limited, but I picked a sandy brown, mid-length and wavy. It's beautiful. I barely finished before we got sent out here.

I wonder if I get paid? I wonder if we have a pension plan? Do illegal Martian immigrants have to pay taxes?

Gina stared forlornly out the window again.

I wonder how long this damn storm will last.

.

"Honestly, Nigel, what would I do without you?"

The captain settled in her chair and draped an arm over the back. Nigel looked as crisp as always, if a bit tired. He ran his fingers through his dusky blonde hair and adjusted his glasses. He didn't respond to the platitude.

"And where is she now?"

"I've sent her out surveying with one of the droids while I decide what to do with her."

"I'm not sure I approve of this," he cautioned.

"I'm not going to leave her buried in the desert simply because you disapprove. I need a tech. I want her. Just look up her information. If anything is amiss, you won't need to worry about disapproving."

"I didn't think anyone did that anymore."

"I didn't think anyone was named Nigel anymore."

The pair shot each other stony looks until it became clear that neither would budge from their position.

"Hrm," Nigel commented, breaking the stalemate.

"Every member of the team seems to like her, and she's proven herself clever and capable already. X2 has studied her over several weeks, and the twins put her technical knowledge to the test almost immediately upon meeting her. They seem pleased. Psychologically, I'm still undecided. I'll put it all in my report. Regardless, her blood test was most interesting; you know why. That alone warrants further observation."

She took a deep suck off the vape and shot an angry cloud of mist just over the edge of the monitor, as if daring him to further question her judgment. Though she didn't feel she really needed to defend herself, she hoped that he would change his mind. She relied on him, and his trust. Other than being a bit of a twat now and then, he really wasn't so bad. He was even kind of cute.

"Hrm," he commented. He found her gaze uncomfortable and pretended to study something on his other monitor. Her school mistress stare did things to him that he was sure were quite inappropriate to think towards someone you were working with. He relied on her to get information, and to get things done. He was reluctant to jeopardize her trust. Other than being stubborn and occasionally making outrageous demands, she really wasn't so bad. If only she weren't on Mars.

"Something you should know," he said, peering at her over the rim of his glasses.

The captain answered with a raised eyebrow.

"It's come to my attention that the Johnson Long is currently docked at Mars Station, and that the crew seems a bit short."

.

Captain Miller put her feet up on the desk and loaded the video of Gina in the shower. What a treasure. "It's remarkable how taken X2 is with her," she said to no one in particular. She'd spent Gina's shower time and part of the time Gina'd spent in the lab with the twins debriefing the droid... on a very basic level. She'd reviewed what he knew of her, and thought about her, much more thoroughly since then. She wondered if she shouldn't share the results of the DNA testing the twins ran when she first arrived.

On the screen, Gina turned her backside to the camera and bent over. The captain wondered if she and X would actually get any work done during their mission. She chewed on her vape thoughtfully. Damn Nigel. He'd best not interfere. She hoped for everyone's sake that Gina's background check turned out well. She was already fairly certain what it would reveal, however. The ringing of her Victorian-styled retro phone interrupted her thoughts. The call display read Mars Station.

.

Gina ran her hands up his thighs, eyeing the bulge beneath his boxers hungrily.

"Mmm," she purred.

She'd slept and was shocked to find herself thinking about him (naked) again so soon. Of course, it didn't help matters that he was sitting in the driver's seat in only his underwear. In some ways, it was even hotter than when he was naked... almost. She'd stretched, yawned, and saw him sitting there, just looking delicious. Without a word, she'd groggily crossed the cabin and simply dropped to the floor in front of him. Sitting on her heels, she gave him a playful grin and let her fingers do the talking.

"I think I need more distracting."

Outside, the wind howled as if on cue, rocking the rover and sending a sheet of dust rasping over the window. Gina didn't pay it any mind. Her attention was focused solely on the marvellous shape hidden beneath that stretchy fabric. Her fingertips traced the outline and it twitched. The sensation sent a jolt of heat through her belly. Reaching for his waistband, she pulled his underwear down just in time to see the spectacle of him growing to full length. It made her mouth water.

"I see 7 of 9!" she declared, watching with rapt interest.

It bounced as it sprang to full attention.

"Pretty," she breathed.

"Pretty?" he questioned, sounding slightly perturbed.

Gina laughed. Was it possible for him to have an ego?

"Amazing, I meant. Awesome," she corrected. "Truly magnificent, manly meat of miniscule... I mean Mammoth proportions!"

X shot her a thoughtful scowl, as though considering whether her spanking would be now or later.

The sight made Gina giggle. The prospect made her belly flutter. He allowed her to distract him by letting her pull his underwear fully off. The moment she did, she licked the length of him from the edge of his big, dangling balls, right to the tip. The ridged, veiny treat felt good against her tongue.

"Mmm," she purred, grinning up at him. "Yum."

Dipping her head back down, she ran her tongue over his balls and stroked him in her hand. He lacked the sweaty saltiness and the musky smell of a real man, but he felt great. Just the fact that he was watching her every move was an aphrodisiac. Taking him into her mouth, she slid her face as far down as she could, as though it were a challenge to take the entire thing. She had only two fingers and her thumb curled around him, and though it took several tries, soon her lips were touching them. When she pulled her head back, Gina grinned at him, flushed with her personal triumph.

"Mammoth," she repeated, taking a deep breath.

X just smiled at her and shifted his hips a bit closer.

Returning to her play, Gina's head bobbed up and down enthusiastically. She knew that the net of sensors beneath his RealSkin allowed him to enjoy this. He'd certainly made sure that she had lots of practice on the shuttle. She loved the sensation of his thick cock sliding across her tongue, the challenge of taking him into her throat, and she especially loved making him squirm.

"Are you hungry, Gina?" he groaned.

She relented with a laugh and drew her head away. "Not yet."

Turning, she lowered her shoulders to the floor, raising her ass up in front of him.

"Oh my," he admired.

With her face to the rubber floor, she couldn't really see him, but there was no mistaking the sound of his appreciative purr. She knew that her position had her spread open so that he could see everything. His hands caressed the cheeks of her ass, squeezing and enjoying their firmness in his palms while he admired the view.

"I have something for you," he said, getting to his feet.

"Oh? And what might that be, sir?" she asked, in her best innocent voice.

Planting a foot on either side of her, X squatted down. One hand braced against her lower back, he lowered his stiff cock toward its target. The deliberate slowness with which he trailed it through the valley of her ass made her shiver, especially when she felt that soft head brush over her puckered opening. He hesitated, and she wondered which of her snug, little holes he would choose. With X, it might be either, and she would let him. It hovered... then slid down and parted the swollen lips of her pussy. A heated hiss escaped her as he sank deeply into her wet, grasping sheath.
