 Ch 1- The awakening- transformation 

I awoke early, as rays of sunlight streamed through the tiny crack in the heavy curtains. I began to rise, feeling disoriented, my skin still showing some of the remnants of my former life in a patchwork of peeled remains that littered the bed where I had laid. I felt like a snake that had wriggled out of its skin. I had been unconscious for seven nights, lying naked on the queen-sized bed. Even though this was my third transformation, the shock of the physical and psychological change left me feeling numb and confused and I recognised all too well the hunger that had awoken me. 

I rose cautiously and walked to the bathroom, turned on the light and gasped as I caught sight of the unfamiliar reflection in the full-length mirror. There, instead of the 30 something woman I had been was the budding, post pubescent form of a girl of barely 18. I touched my pert round breasts one at a time feeling them like a man might like to touch them; my nipples stiffening reminding me of the hunger that swept over me in waves. I surveyed the almost transparent satin skin dappled with a few remnants of my past body, I scanned the nubile form in the mirror approvingly. Long straight shiny shoulder length honey blonde hair, 5'4" tall, petite, shapely legs, eye seductively tight pert sexy ass, narrow waist- curving up to firm round breasts -small and shapely- I pushed them together and admired the delicious little cleavage they formed. 

My eyes fell to my pubic region, lightly sprinkled with almost transparent blond hair neatly framing my pussy. I ran my fingers through the hair revelling in the tingle it brought, I found my clitoris as I explored the folds and felt the wetness ooze beneath my touch. In a few minutes, I began to shiver and moan as I masturbated. My pussy dripped wetness as I shuddered and imagined what it would be like to be touched. I slid one finger into my vagina and gasped at the pristine virginal tightness, then another, thrusting them into myself as I continued to manipulate my clit. I exploded in orgasm, then repeated the process eagerly as my fingers penetrated the tightness the walls of my vagina pulsed and contracted around them. Dribbles of wetness slid down my inner thigh and squirts sprayed from my thrusting fingers. The waves of orgasm passed over me for ten minutes or more- somehow the hunger I felt seemed to abate. 

Sex is the source of a nymph's life and the secret of our immortality. I had decided in this cycle to keep a kind of diary to record my thoughts and experiences. It would be useful to others of our kind and help me to reflect on each phase of my long life. So these stories will detail those thoughts, loves and experiences. Perhaps it would help here at the start of this diary to describe something of what we are. In ancient times, we were known by many names: nymphs, temptresses, enchantress, seductress, sirens, even witch or fairy. All these names evolved from the power our kind have for immortality through regeneration every 14 years and the power we have over men. In the 21st century, XTC-nymphs like me are still amongst the world of men feeding on their sexual desire and harvesting our mutual orgasms to fuel our power over life and death and over men. Nymphs with breathtakingly desirable deliciously young bodies but whose sexual charged lives express the knowledge of sexual desire that often traverses centuries. Nymphs combine the experience and sexpertise of an eternity in the body of a nubile young woman. When a man 'couples' with a nymph the explosions of desire creates indescribable pleasure for both- pleasure that is like a chain reaction that simultaneously draws a man into a nymphs power and releases life giving endorphins that stream into her like re charging a battery. We need sex to survive and it is this coupling or intense explosive sexual activity that both creates the power and maintains it for us.

Ch 2- Testing the equipment 

I showered and enjoyed soaping my pert young body. After I had dried myself I riffled through my lingerie drawer to find the teen sized underwear that my Aunt had put there for me. I slid into white silk string bikini panties with yellow flowers positioning the straps low on my hip and smoothed the silk across my rounded buns. I snapped on the sweet matching push up bra that clenched my round breasts together and thrust them forward in an eye-catching display. I walked to the wardrobe. My Aunt Felicity had bought me some sexy little outfits I reached for a yellow micro mini-skirt, pulled it over my round hips, and eyed my pert round ass in the mirror as I positioned the skirt on my hipline. I found a matching halter-top that made good use of the low plunging bra underneath. I looked approvingly in the full length mirror noting that if I bent over my panties would be on display from behind and my breasts were bound to be a constant distraction for some. 

I brushed my hair and put on makeup and reached down and slid my fingers into my panties, feeling the wet residue from my masturbation. I gathered the wetness on my fingers and wiped it across my lips like a gloss. The juices of Nymphs have magical power to fuel a man's desires- the slightest taste of the juices drives a man to fondle and touch and desire, without control. Tasting the sweet juice after orgasm is like a dose of Viagra making any man bigger, harder and superhuman in stamina and desire. 

The taste tingled on my lips. I put on white hi heeled shoes and reached for my handbag. It had a roll of $100 bills in it and a note from Felicity with the address of the solicitor/accountant I had to see to re establish my identity. Being reborn every 14 years has its business side. Every five or so years when one in our coven transforms, we move cities and re establish our lives. Clearly, Felicity's plan was that my identity and my need to couple soon might be accomplished all at once. I dialled the number on Felicity's note. A woman's voice answered and then put me through to the solicitor. As I spoke to him and organised the appointment I began to feel the tingling once more. I slid my hand under my skirt and rubbed myself through the soft silk panties and my conversation became breathy and sexy. I could sense he was enjoying my seductive replies and when I exploded without squealing I breathlessly said my goodbyes, feeling dampness fill my panties once more, I wiped the magical juice of my orgasm on my lips. 

I walked from the apartment and pressed the elevator button. The attendant gazed at my long legs and exposed cleavage and I smiled at him. The seductive scent of my recent fingering, lingered in the air and a droplet of juice ran down my inner thigh. He looked longingly at my ass. I dropped the keys from my hand and bent over to pick them up and he gasped as the short skirt rose up exposing my pert buns with tightly stretched white panties revealed themselves to him. We reached the ground floor and I looked at him knowing he was hard and smiled licking my lips. 

The doorman hailed me a cab and I got into it. My dress slid up high as I sat back in the seat and I could feel the cabbies eyes on me in the mirror, I fussed with my bra and as I did, my nipples hardened slightly and were visible thru the fabric. I uncrossed my legs and sat back giving him a quick view of my hot little panty covered pussy. We pulled up outside the building, I paid him and I knew he too was hard. I enjoyed teasing and the power it gave me. I loved the effect my nubile body had on these men. I walked into the building and headed for the solicitors office feeling hornier every moment. 

Ch 3- Identity 

I arrived at the solicitor's office late in the afternoon. Most of the occupants of the building would be leaving for home soon. The secretary greeted me and called my solicitor to tell him I had arrived. I sat in a leather chair feeing my almost bare ass stick to it as I crossed my legs and leant back, picking up a fashion magazine to read. After a few minutes, I felt eyes on me and I looked up to see a man scanning my form running his eyes up my legs and sighing a little at the shortness of my skirt. 

'Miss Honeywell- I'm Paul Hitchens, I'll be handling your affairs'. I put the magazine down in front of me and another little sigh came from him as he glimpsed my low cut top. 'Call me Tiffanie' I said. I followed him into his office. Over the next half an hour or so he asked me questions and had me sign papers. I took every opportunity to flirt and show my wares to him. He was visibly horny but trying hard to hide it. His secretary knocked and came into the office to tell him she was leaving for the day. I signed the last few documents. I now had shareholdings in a group of companies that sold fashion, lingerie, property and a modelling agency and publishing. My income came from a trust fund as I was under 21 and I was associated with a foundation that did charitable works. The group owned the apartment where I had awoken and the trust fund would fund my schooling at a private college and pay me a sizeable allowance. As he tidied up the last of the papers in bundles, I got up and walked over to him. He looked up. Thank you for looking after my affairs' - I kissed him sweetly on the lips and felt the hot tingle of my magic juice pass to him. I smiled and sat down again as he looked at me. 

'You are a very pretty young lady Tiffanie, college on Monday you'll have all the boys drooling. I wish I was a few years younger'. He was in his mid thirties I guessed and the thought of having sex with me was making him feel guilty even though the kiss was working its magic on him. I smiled. 'I prefer older men, actually' I teased. 'Can I give you a lift home- I don't live far from you' He said. I agreed and he closed up the office and we walked to the car park to his black BMW sports. He opened the door and watched as I sat down, my skirt riding up seductively, my long shapely legs providing a feast of flesh for his eager eyes that stopped just short of my panty-line. He openly gazed down at my cleavage, the small round pert breasts clenched in a low cut bra and peeking delectably from the narrow halter. He reluctantly broke from his trance like gaze and closed the door and got into the drivers seat. 

'Mmmmmmm I love this car the leather seats feel so nice'. He drove fast to my apartment feeling the urgency of what my body promised, glancing every few seconds at my legs and further lingering looks at my breasts swelling flesh straining at the low cut top. He drove to the car park inside the building and pulled up. He had a large lump in his pants. 'Aren't you going to kiss me good bye' I teased. I leaned forward unlatching my safety belt and whispered in his ear 'is that for me?' I said looking at his hard on. I moved my mouth close to his and the heat of our bodies and the simmering effect of my seductive juices melted any resistance. 

We kissed; longingly I felt my panties grow moister with each touch of his lips. My tongue urgently explored his mouth, my first man with my new body, I swooned with each, deep passionate urgent kissing. As his excitement grew he slid his hand to my top and pinched my nipple until it was hard I felt myself tingle as he cupped my pert round breasts in his hand and squeezed them eagerly, moaning- ' Oh God I shouldn't be doing this'. 

'Don't stop it feels so good, I want you to touch me' I cooed sexily. 'Do you want me? Do you like my tits? I'm so hot for you.' I purred. His hand slid boldly up my skirt to my panties and began massaging my pussy as it dripped wetness. He stroked my clitoris expertly through my panties the tingles became sighs, then moans and sobs as I exploded wildly- I came exquisitely, feeling the waves of my first man's touch send shivers over me, As I came, he slid my panties aside and inserted first one then two fingers into my dripping hole gasping 'oh my god it's so tight'. 'Ooh it feels so good I'm so wet for you so hot!' He finger fucked me excitedly marvelling at the pristine tightness of my virgin pussy, I orgasmed repeatedly with each shivering squealing exhibition of pleasure increasing in intensity. His fingers thrusting into my immaculate tightness, juice squirting from me excitedly and each climax making me feel more desirable and more desired.

I reached out and touched the straining lump of his cock through his pants. I ran my fingernails over its length then grasped it in my tiny hand firmly. 'Would you like to cum inside.' I breathed sexily, knowing he felt the double entendre as an invitation to certain pleasure. We hurriedly left the car park and fumbled with the keys to the apartment. Once inside I peeled off my top seductively revealing the pretty halter bra and the hot bunches of breasts clutched within the silken wisps that contained them. The nipples tracing an outline in the sheer yellow silk. I shimmied my skirt off my hips to the floor revealing the tiny matching silk panties that stretched across my ass cheeks and provided a slither of triangle shaped fabric that clung wetly to my pussy. "Do you want me?' I teased. I put my arms around him and kissed him as he felt my body outlined against the tiny tight silk lingerie. I began to undress him loosening his tie unbuttoning his stiffly starched shirt kissing him all the time as he caressed my ass and fondled my breasts through my bra. I unhitched his belt and pants, slid his pants to the floor, and thrust my hand into his shorts. 'Oh my, your'e excited, you are sooooo big!' I teased. I helped him out of his shorts and he unhitched my bra and covered my tits with wet kisses, squeezing them suckling them teasing them as he pressed his cock against me it throbbed excitedly. I caressed it feeling it thicken, throb, swell and harden beneath my touch, fondling it lovingly. I was aching for him to be inside me.

We made our way to the couch and I lay back as he kissed his way sensuously down my front teasing my belly button with his tongue and then kissing my panties in a frenzy of wet hard kisses until I began to shiver again, moaning 'Oh Yeah.' repeatedly. He pressed his lips hard against my clit through my panties sucking the wetness through them shaking his head until I began to scream from the pleasure, inhaling the seductive scent, growing in stature and desire as the magical juices consumed him. I exploded shooting hot wetness into my sopping panties. As I did, he slid my panties aside and thrust his tongue deep into my tight hole as his fingers teased and manipulated me to more orgasms, sucking more and more of the sweet magical potion into him. 

'I want you to be my first' I gasped. ' Put it in me. I want your cock so badly.' I stood up and he came up behind me pressing his now massive cock against my ass. ' Do you want me?' I teased. 'Oh god you are so beautiful, so hot I want your pussy so badly.' He moaned. He fondled my breasts obsessively, his hands cupping them both, pinching the erect nipples hard. He kissed my neck urgently and moaned ' I can't wait any longer- you're so delicious.' 'Fuck me' I said. ' I want you deep inside me- make me cum with your beautiful big cock. Fuck my virgin pussy hard'. 

He pushed me forward over the back of an armchair, then slid to his knees and kissed my sopping wet panty clad ass, kissing and fingering me in a frenzy of lips and tongue until I was screaming again. Then in between a shiver and scream, he stood, slid my panties aside and I felt his thick head touch my wet opening. 'Oh god it's so tight' he moaned. He pushed past the tight lips and my hot wet cunt stretched to take him inside. I shivered and moaned and squealed as he pushed further and further into me popping my cherry and sending pink tinges spurting from me mixed with the hot juice spurting from my over excited pussy. I winced a little and then pain and pleasure intermingled as his cock slid deeper and deeper inside me. I almost passed out with pleasure as his balls slapped against me. He grasped my hips and moaned and grunted 'Oh God you are so hot, so good!' ' Fuck me' I squealed as I bucked and pressed back aggressively at his excited thrusts. His cock swelling out of proportion as he ripped into my tiny tight wet hole. His balls slapping my skin with each powerful stab of his engorged thickness. 

His hot cock throbbed uncontrollably, swollen beyond recognition my pussy pulsed, and vibrated around him, contracting violently as I came over and over again, my pussy so tight it contracted with each climax sucking his cock into me deeper with each blissful wave of pleasure. We moved from doggy style to face each other and we fucked on every piece of furniture in the room. Each time I orgasmed excitedly and his cock just seemed to grow and grow throbbing more and more as he wielded my legs aside like a rag doll to enter me deeper and find my numerous g -spots to trigger my ever increasing excitement. 

I led him to my bedroom and lay him down kissing him longingly once again licking his lips, kissing his chest suckling his nipples rolling them between my teeth seductively. I kissed down to his belly, fondled his super hard cock then ran my tongue around the tip blowing warm air over it as he moaned long and low and guided my head to suck him. I resisted and licked his shaft from tip to balls tasting my own juices on him, and then I greedily attacked his cock sucking hard, as he collapsed in moans and shouts. 'Oh God that is so good' ' you are such a sexy little girl Oh my, oh yes, yes, yes'. His cock began to throb and spasm he was about to cum. I sucked hard taking his first spurt into me then pinched the tip so that only a single hot thick spurt of cream escaped and he howled in waves of orgasm as his thick cock throbbed, my fingers preventing the full ejaculation. He was too amazed to comment, as I returned to kiss him with my sticky mouth. 

' I want you to cum inside me' I purred. 'My pussy loves the feeling of your hot cock. I want to feel you cum in me.' I straddled him, guided his throbbing cock to my swollen lips, and parted them again. His thick cock slid deep inside me as I sat down on him, burying his thickness in my velvet wetness. His moans turned to begging, as I rode him slowly at first then faster and faster. His cock thrust upward into me, my clit banged against him and I began to squeal uncontrollably. He bucked and thrust hard to meet me feeling his cock throb wildly. Then as he was at his deepest, when his cock was so thick it almost merged with my vagina walls, my pussy contracted around him like a second skin sucking at him spurting hot juice at him. He exploded and his orgasms met mine- the electrical charge, the energy bounced between us increasing our pleasure exponentially. I rolled forward and we clutched each other tightly muffling our ecstatic moans with deep kisses. Each spurt of his cum seemed to suspend time lasting minutes of extreme pleasure rather than seconds. Moans and shivers and screams filled the air and we both exploded wildly for ten minutes or more my pussy coupled with his cock sucking the jism from him and feeling my energy level rise with each rush of orgasmic power that bounced from him to me explosion after explosion. More pleasure than he had ever experienced from a woman, my hunger finally appeased. 

In the afterglow of this experience he collapsed in the trance-like state that accompanies the intense pleasure of coupling, a trance that would allow any kind of suggestion. It was at this time that I programmed him to make the changes to my life and former life that would remove all trace of my past and establish my new legal identity. As a reminder I peeled off my sopping panties wiped the abundant cum that dribbled from my pussy with them, wrote my mobile number on them in red lip pencil, and placed them in his briefcase. When he found them later he would call me, be irresistibly drawn to sniff and taste the panties and I could recall the trance to remind him of what I wanted him to do. Afterwards I would get him to place my panties in a safety deposit box in his safe. All I would have to do to have him work for me in the future was to get him to open that box. I spent the entire weekend with him exploring my new sexuality, fucking, sucking, cumming and teasing until he was completely spent and passed out from exhaustion. I had to remember to encourage my partners to eat me and drink my juices if I wanted them to last. 
