 Author's Note: Dean must provide hospitality to the sisters of Dibella in order to keep his educational dreams alive. He endures a great deal of unwanted attention while hiding his contempt for their cause. But it is the secret of his promiscuity that is most threatening to him. This chapter is mostly world building and contains only a small amount of sex. 

Constructive feedback is greatly appreciated as always. 

*****

"Ladies will start arriving in fifteen minutes. Get the finger food on the table Dean." Gabby Johnson stuck her head out of her bedroom door to project her voice down to the kitchen. She returned to the mirror, adjusted her blouse and took a deep breath as she starred at herself. 

Her dark blue formal dress billowed out from her broad hips and down to almost touch the floor. Ornate buttons fastened up to a white frilled collar against her neck making her blouse the definition of ladylike sophistication and modesty. Her gray hair was tied back with a sapphire studded silver headpiece. She wanted everything to be perfect for the local coven meeting and needed to dress her best for her prestigious guests. 

After taking a moment to calm her nerves she made her way down the hallway to inspect her son's progress. 

"Last month you over-cooked the spring rolls." she spoke with tension in her voice while moving from the lounge room into the kitchen. 

She entered to find Dean turning around while holding a tray of perfectly cooked spring rolls. She smiled proudly for a short moment and leant against the doorway with arms folded. 

"Did you clean the bathroom?" she probed. 

"Yes." Dean was quick on the reply. 

"Will dinner be ready soon?" 

"In about half an hour." Dean's irritation was tempered by an understanding that his mother was nervous. The last thing that he wanted was to trigger her anxiety any further. 

Sometimes Gabby felt out of place amongst the sisters of Dibella and even her son was quietly aware of her insecurities. After several failed business ventures, she barely had the money to put Dean through school, let alone attract a handsome boyfriend. She was one of the only ladies in the inner circle of the local coven that did not have a husband or boyfriend. 

Dean had been responsible for all cooking and cleaning in the house since he was twelve but was still unaccustomed to preparing a banquette for fifteen ladies with well-developed appetites. Preparing all of the meals that his mother had requested for the occasion required him to spend half of the previous day shopping and then start preparations at 7 am on the morning of dinner. 

As he turned to the bench to begin plating up the snacks, Gabby noticed that her son was still wearing battered old track pants that she got him for high school athletics. 

"Oh Deany. You're not wearing those ugly old track pants again?! They are hardly appropriate for guests." she complained with a pained tone of voice. 

Dean loved to wear the black ragged trousers around the home. They reminded him of the day that he made the high school track team. He had trained every day for over a year to narrowly make the last place in the reserve relay team. 

She had told him that he was much more gifted as a homemaker but he detested the thought of being a stay-at-home husband. He loved track but knew that he wasn't a natural athlete. 

"If any of my friends knew how I was spending my weekend cooking and cleaning as a domestic servant in this stupid white apron then I would never hear the end of it." He reminded himself as he bit into a hot spring roll gingerly. 

Dean's distracted thoughts rolled on, "Hell, my girlfriend thinks that I am at work all weekend. If she knew that I was doing this she would boast to all of her girlfriends about how 'progressive' and 'charming' I was. And it would spread to all to all of my friends like wild fire. I'd be the laughing stock of the entire athletics team." 

"Put on those lovely shorts that you got last week. I assume that you got them for tonight." Miss Johnson used a tone of finality that she only administered on occasion. Dean knew that this meant that any argument or protest would not end well for him. Besides, he hated to make his mother upset. 

Dean cringed for a moment. His girlfriend had bought the shorts for him because she thought that they made him look sexy. Dean knew that they were more like lingerie rather than shorts. She would often ask him to wear them when he was at her house. 

He considered telling his mother that Charlotte bought them for him but he didn't dare to open himself up to more invasive questions so he let her believe that he bought them voluntarily. If his mother knew that he was dating the daughter of justice Femworth and the lead in the school play her suspicious probing would escalate to a flurry of accusations. 

Every month the senior girl's theater troop put on another play or musical and virtually all of the school and families of students would attend. The boy's support crew would be responsible for the catering and ushering. After making it through try-outs, Dean was a full member of the support crew. Without that spot he never would have drawn the eye of one of the most popular girls in school, Charlotte Femworth. 

The concert was the main school event and the girls were the rock stars who could get just about any guy that they wanted. Dean was proud to be going steady with the girl that was playing lead in their latest ensemble. 

He knew that boys were lining up to just get a date with her, so if she bought him some revealing clothing, he would wear it even if it made him feel a bit slutty. He couldn't bear to imagine his mother's reaction if she knew that he had given his virginity to her already. 

He momentarily recalled the hypnotic sight of her dark brown, perky breasts bouncing in the dim light cast by her bedside table lamp and his desperate plea for her to stop. Their formidable size was a testament to her femininity. 

The only sound were her loud moans of satisfaction building towards another orgasm as his penis grew inside of her. 

He could have stopped her, could have thrown her off. But he didn't want to be that kind of guy. The kind of guy who entices a fem but never puts out. Charlotte talked about how much she hated boys who would abuse their sexual privilege to manipulate unsuspecting fem. 

In that ecstatic moment, he gave in. Half of the school knew about Dean's deflowering only twenty-four hours later. This further bolstered the sycophantic adulation directed towards Charlotte from her inner circle, reinforcing her position as queen bee. He noticed that some of the guys from the track team were a bit more distant with him than normal. He couldn't blame them for their reaction, he felt like a cheap slut. 

He certainly couldn't bear to tell his mother because he was sure that the shame would kill her. 

"But it's a bit cold tonight." was the best excuse that he could come up with to avoid wearing the lingerie. His mother's friends made him feel uneasy even when he dressed modestly. They would stare at him as if his purpose was purely to titillate. They even appeared to take pleasure in ordering him around. 

"Rubbish, you've been working hard enough to stay warm, besides, you can keep the apron on anyway." she said. 

The knowledge that his front would at least be covered afforded him some relief that prompted him to give in. 

"Ok" he sighed as he made his way to his room. 

The pants were an expensive brand called "Supine" and Charolette got them from a male clothing store called "Swankwood". The white elastic pant legs ran only an inch below his bottom, leaving his smooth-shaven legs exposed. The thin elastic fabric did little to hide his genitals; an outline of charms pressed against the tight fabric and left very little to the feminine imagination. He was eternally relieved to be wearing an apron over them. 

After slipping the shorts on he put the apron back on and turned in the mirror to see the material ridding all the way up his ass crack as if the pants were painted on. The fabric pressed uncomfortably against his genitals. 

Dean sat on his bed and began slipping on some socks and shoes. 

"Don't bother with shoes dear. Those pants suit bare feet. You can be more casual this month." His mother called out down the hall from her lounge seat as if she was watching him from across the room. 

"Fine. I can't be fucked anyway." he muttered to himself too quietly for his mother to hear before making his way back to the kitchen. 

"As the boy of the house it is your duty to answer the door when we have guests." the lady of the house reminded him and he rolled his eyes at hearing this for the hundredth time. 

"I'll be having a brandy in the lounge." she added. 

Dean made his way back to the kitchen. His bare feet slapping slightly against the tiles in a token gesture of defiance that was only visible to himself. She breathed out and her shoulders relaxed upon seeing his improved deportment. 

"Switch the lights on sweetie, it's getting dark in here." she spoke while pouring brandy from a crystal decanter. Her tone was slightly less anxious. 

Taking a deep breath, Gabby took a moment to admire a mural depicting the "universal ladder of being" as the sisters of Dibella understood it. Dean hung it on the wall for her several months ago to impress her regular guests from the sisterhood. 

She took another sip and was amazed that she would always find something new every time that she reflected on it. Sometimes it was a new detail in its intricate design, other times it was an entirely new layer of meaning. 

At the top stood the Goddess Dibella wearing a golden robe over her broad frame and a crown atop of her flowing white hair. A pink scarf encompassed her face and covered her neck. She was depicted in a classic iconic style with a round halo encompassing her head. Her arms were pointing out from her sides and down to her creation below. From each of her palms a brilliant light flowed down to form the two hierarchies of the universe. 

On the right, flowing from her left palm was the hierarchy of nature. At the top was the sun, from which all life gained its physical manifestation. A vortex of light continued down below the sun like a golden ribbon until It reached flora and fauna. Cows, sheep and chickens were what the artist chose to represent fauna while lush meadows spotted with fig trees and sunflowers for flora. Below them was the underworld, a lifeless underground cave was harshly illuminated by a stream of amber lava. 

On the left, flowing from the Dibella's right palm was another ray of light leading to the hierarchy of the soul. At the top was a common iconic depiction of a fem. She was adorned with an elaborate formal dress that exaggerated her generous proportions and covered her entire body with the exception of her head. Her dress was less ornate than the Goddess but of similar design and her eyes were looking up at the Goddess who gazed back down at her with serine love. 

Both the Goddess and the fem were decidedly elderly in keeping with church teaching that states that a fem is not yet fully grown until she has passed menopause and granted the title "lady". Another ribbon of light connected the fem and the sun together as if making the top horizontal rung on the ladder. Indicating that both the sun and the fem were one the same level of existence in the ladder and were closest to Dibella. 

Gabby's eyes continued down the hierarchy of soul and she was surprised that she still found the next image so titillating. Two naked 18-year-old boys knelt side by side with hands clasped together as if praying to the fem above. Their impossibly large cocks joined in intersession to the fem with raging purple erections and testicles of matching size and color. She took a moment to admire the exquisite attention to detail that the artists had taken when painting the unique patterns in the bulging veins of the boy's phallic offerings. Their fatless, hairless and strong bodies were every lady's fantasy. Obedient and handsome faces were underscored by black collars around their necks. 

"It is certainly the sexiest spirituality ever. It might seem a little contrived but the more I explore it, the more it feels true." she thought as she took another sip of brandy. 

The second rung on the ladder equated boys with flora and fauna in the hierarchy of being. Below the boys, the golden ribbon of light coalesced into a rope. A noose hung from the rope in the empty blackness. This symbolized the death of the soul by eternal torture, the antitheses to the blissful birth of the feminine soul from the Goddess of the universe. The rung between the death of the soul and the underworld made the third rung on the ladder of being. 

Gabby felt anxious, she prayed that Dean would remain under the authority of a lady for all of his life so that he might be reincarnated as a boy once again and avoid eternal suffering and death. If he would be able to remain true and chaste for his entire life and faithfully serve his wife then he might even come back as a lady in the next life. 

"If all goes well for me, then I'll enjoy eternal pleasure in the paradise that Dibella has prepared for me." she thought. 

The first guest arrived seconds later. Dean stopped what he was doing, answered the door, lead the lady to the lounge room and served her a drink. Every few minutes another elderly lady would arrive and Dean would need to drop what he was doing to repeat his hosting duties. The ring of the doorbell elicited a sting of suppressed frustration each time. 

Dean did his best the remember the names of guests that had visited on previous occasions and learned the names of new meeting attendees. 

The third lady to arrive was a new guest, and the only one that did not require and introduction upon first meeting. Dean recognized her from online videos that he had seen since he was child. Her name was Cardinal Witch Martha Rati. She was the highest-ranking witch in all of California and had a modest world-wide following. His mother had been watching her sermons online for many years and made sure that Dean would watch with her from an early age. 

Cardinal Rati wore a long black robe that touched the ground and included a train that followed half a meter behind her. Gold embroidery formed elaborate patterns all the way around the garment which had a distinctively religious quality with its long loosely fitted sleeves. 

A large triple crescent symbol of Dibella made of solid gold hung from her neck and perched on the outer-most point of her huge, modestly covered breast. Dean wasn't sure if she wore a bra with excessive padding to exaggerate her feminine power or if they were natural. It was common practice for an ordained witch of Dibella to wear such prosthetics to give honor to her station. 

She was a not a tall lady, only slightly higher than Dean in her heels but that did little to mitigate her presence. Her dark brown skin had deep wrinkles and her white hair was well kept and straight. 

All of the skepticism and outright rejection of the matriarchal religion that Dean had fostered in recent years evaporated in an instant and old childhood habits kicked in. Dean felt instant reverence, as if he didn't deserve to be in her presence. 

"Cardinal Rati, it is an honor" he bowed his head automatically. 

It was as if he was outside of himself looking on. 

"Oh, you must be Gabby's son, Dean." She smiled warmly while surveying Dean up and down. 

He felt a rush of adulation at the realization that Cardinal Rati actually knew who he was. Her familiar thick Indian accent was confident and feminine with a raspy texture from her age. The distinctive sound of her voice made Dean feel like a child again. 

"Yes, your eminence. I'm catering this evening." He responded with a slight flourish. He couldn't believe that he was sucking up to a lady that actually despised. 

"Blessings to the male of this house." she spoke the unusual words comfortably and her eyes pierced into him as she raised a hand towards him, "That he may grow in humility, obedience, beauty and chastity." 

As she spoke the prayer Dean had no idea what to do other than just look to the floor. He wanted to hate her but she was making it difficult for him. He could not help but smile broadly because he knew that such an honor was one that could bring a male closer to reincarnation as a fem in the next life. Or so the teachings of Dibella stated, Dean saw them as nothing more than superstition but still couldn't wipe the smile off of his face. 

"This way Cardinal Rati. If you need anything then don't hesitate to ask." He added as lead the way to the lounge room. 

He could feel the eyes of the sleazy old ladies on his ass as he bent over to pour, and Cardinal Martha Rati was no exception. Each time that he did so he could feel the tight elastic material ride further up his butt. 

The guests were mostly wealthy business leaders who were at the very panicle of their professions. It was little surprise to Dean that the ladies were all 50 years or older. They all wore opulently decorated business wear that reinforced their dignity and status with a modest contemporary style. 

"Oh my Goddess Gabby!" Kimberly mouthed silently so that Dean wouldn't hear before smiling warmly at him as he turned around. 

Kimberly's hair was grey and her face round and wrinkled. She also had a belly that could not be hidden by even the most modest dress. To Dean, she was the perfect example of the stereotypical sleazy old business lady. 

He returned to the kitchen and the conversation was continued by Amber, "This is why you get such good attendance when you host Gabby. Your son is so; welcoming." she completed after a thoughtful pause. 

Subdued laughter rippled across the room. 

"So, is he to be given as a husband soon? You appear to be training him so. He is of age is he not?" Sandra disguised her inquiry with jest and the others approved with a louder wave of laughter. 

"Oh no. He just enjoys the neo-masculine art of hospitality." Gabby embellished with a lie. 

Cardinal Rati's eyebrows lifted in surprise. A rare gesture from such a senior witch. 

"A boy who has been trained according progressive roles is one thing. But to pursue them of his own volition; that is quite something else." she added with an impressed tone. 

Gabby had trained her son to cook and clean from an early age. In truth, the only way that she could convince her son to serve the coven once a month was to threaten to not pay his college tuition. It was his desire to pursue a traditional career that truly motivated him. 

Half an hour later Dean was serving the main course to a dozen ladies in the dining room. He began to pour champagne one at a time to each of them as conversation continued. 

Gabby stood up with a raised glass and recited the speech that she had already rehearsed a dozen times that afternoon. 

"A toast. From small beginnings, the Los Angeles coven of Dibella continues to grow at record rates. We ask for divine providence from the mother of pleasure and plenty, that she may bless the leaders of her coven who gather in this house. That Dibella may shower fortune upon us so that the divine feminine may rule across the world. Dibella be praised!" 

The ladies responded in unison before taking a drink, "Dibella be praised." 

"Thank you, Gabby." Martha Rati smiled her approval. 

Gaining approval from the Cardinal lifted a weight of anxiety from Gabby's shoulders. 

During the toast, Dean stood silently with his head bowed, unsure of what to do. He noticed a soft covered book at the top of a pile of books on the table next to Martha Rati with a naked young male kneeling with an erection pointing to the heavens. The title read, "The Art of Dibellan Husbandry." 
