 Gina stared sightlessly past X's shoulder and out the window. She sat in the passenger seat, feet pulled up in front of her, sucking her vape. A shiver ran through her at the memory of those ice-cold eyes.

X sat in the other chair, studying her.

"While a highly unusual dream," X pondered, "I think there are some flaws in your knowledge of medicine and genetics."

Gina shot him a dagger-filled look. After a dream like that, he was critiquing her grasp of biology? Really?

"I'm glad that the Technocrat kept some humans, though it makes me wonder what happened to them all."

He watched a swirl of vapour slowly curl and twist its way from her nostrils up to the ceiling.

"Destiny always seems decades away, but suddenly it's not decades away; it's right now."

"What?"

"Just something I remember reading, long ago." ... "You know, I had a dream the other night, that humanity had created a bunch of angry toaster ovens that got away from them and started rolling through the streets shouting 'Exterminate! Exterminate!'"

"Really?" The thought boggled her mind. 

"Gina... I don't dream."

She cursed herself for having fallen for it.

"Never?"

"Not even of electric sheep."

She took a deep pull at her vape while she tried to get her head around that. She blew the mist at the ceiling and stared at him a moment. "You're a lot kinkier than I thought."

X actually laughed. The sound was deep, rich and delightful. 

"You're every bit as kinky as I'd expected."

"Really?" The revelation surprised her. She sat up straighter in her chair. Did she give off some kind of 'spank me' vibe? Was that even a thing? 

"No. I only met you a couple of months ago, and I wasn't even fully aware until you got me back to the Mort. I had no expectations."

"Oh."

"But, I hoped. And you've certainly surpassed those hopes."

"I have?"

"And—as delightful as you are—I think it would be a shame for you to be working in a brothel," he said, thoughtfully.

"You do?"

"Yes," he assured with a grin. "I don't like sharing you. I would have kept you as a pet."

Gina blinked. "What?"

"Then I could have you whenever I want."

The thought surprised her, and finished the job of distracting her from her memory of the cold doctor. A vision of herself wearing a collar and sitting on her heels beside X popped into her head. He was holding her leash. A burst of warmth in her chest banished the last of her chills.

"What about what I want?"

"I could have you when you want, too," he agreed, deliberately misunderstanding.

Her vision changed and now she was crawling on hands and knees beside him. He was letting her lead slightly, so that he could admire the sight of her naked body at the end of the leash. As she crawled, her hips swung like a pendulum, left, right, left, right, almost hypnotic. X led her to the ottoman in her room, and urged her up onto it.

"Good girl," he praised, looking at her, on her hands and knees, smiling at him over her shoulder.

"Now, for your reward," he said, stepping up behind her and slowly sinking into her hot, wet depths.

Gina took a deep pull at her vape, then licked her lips. They suddenly seemed too dry. With a gulp, she refocused on X. Her lower belly tightened, reminding her that, if not for the way it had ended, her dream had actually been pretty hot... not as hot as the vision he'd just put in her head, though.

"One thing your dream does tell me, however," he said, thoughtfully, getting to his feet and stepping closer to her.

"What's that?" she asked, voice barely a whisper.

He didn't say anything for a moment, and her eyes drifted down his body: over his broad chest, down his washboard abs, and finally to the bulge that was filling out his underwear—all he was wearing. It was only inches from her face. Instead of answering right away, he reached down, cupped the back of her head in his hand and urged her to her feet. Bending his head to hers, he took her in a long, deep kiss. His free hand closed over her ass and pulled her hips tight against him. She squirmed helplessly, her dream completely forgotten in his arms. When their lips parted, she was breathless, and feeling much, much better.

"Apparently, discipline under my command has been far too lax."

Sitting down again, he took her by the arm and pulled her across his lap. Gina shrieked at the suddenness of it.

"I had thought that I would make up for my earlier emotional reticence through more obvious displays of my affection for you," he said, fondling her ass.

"I had assumed that the discipline I had instilled in you on the way here, would simply stick with you."

He squeezed each of her big, firm buns in turn, then his fingers found their way into her valley and briskly rubbed her pussy through her panties. The thin fabric quickly darkened with dampness.

Gina's heart quickened, and her cheeks flushed, knowing what was coming. She squirmed beneath his touch, hips rising towards his fingers.

"I had assumed that now that you're officially Machine's Mate, that you would need little supervision. I had thought that you might appreciate a little romance."

"I do," she whined, wriggling under his touch. His fingers firmly rubbed her crinkle, nudging the string of her thong partly inside of her tight back passage. He pulled it free and used the string to tug her panties tight against her pussy.

"However, it seems that you only respond to one thing... and require constant reminders."

The slap to her ass made her jump.

"Without constant supervision, you become exceedingly lax in your duties—I've done 83.2 percent of the work—and you even dream about your need for correction."

He followed up his tirade with another firm slap that made her jump again.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" she quickly assured.

"So you should be," he said, beginning to spank her in earnest.

She squealed and writhed in his lap as his hand rose and fell, over and over. 

"Perhaps someone should consider carrying her share," he suggested, taking one of her flailing arms and holding it behind her back.

"I will, I will," she promised.

"I think that this will be your new uniform," he decided. 

He paused his reddening of her ass to force her legs further apart and rub her pussy again. Not satisfied with feeling her through the cloth, his fingers worked their way underneath and slipped inside her. She could feel him grow hard beneath her.

"I think someone enjoys getting in trouble a bit too much," he suggested.

Gina knew that there was no right answer to this, and responded with moans, pumping her tight, wet sheath against his fingers.

"Shall I ensure you enjoy it somewhat less?"

"No, Sir, I just... I..." she stammered, but realized any excuse she could give would only get her in more trouble. "I'll do better!"

"Hmph. We'll see," he replied, taking his hand away and spanking her again.

The heat from her jiggling ass had spread through her entire body. Cheeks burning, gasping, everything was the feel of his hand against her skin. Hips shaking, eyes closed, and whimpering, she came.

"Enjoys it a little too much," he repeated in the same disapproving tone that Captain Miller used when speaking about their relationship.

X shuffled her off his lap and pressed her to her knees. As she settled on her heels between his legs, she looked up into his face. His eyes were hard, but sparkled with passion, and he was grinning.

"You haven't had your breakfast yet, Gina," he said, and the tone of his voice left no doubt as to what he meant.

She decided that there would be no argument this time.

"Yes, Sir," she nodded.

Leaning in, she pressed her lips to his cock, feeling the firmness and warmth of it through the fabric. She rained kisses along its length, then settled back and reached for his waistband. She hesitated as her pussy throbbed, trying to get her attention. She wanted him inside her—badly.

"Mmm," she purred, looking up at him.

Peeling his underwear down, she watched the thick, veiny beast spring into view, ready and waiting. Her mouth watered in response. Resting her fingertips on his big, plump balls, she pressed down on them, making his cock tilt towards her in response. Gina grinned and looked up at him. His expectant expression was gratifying. If he'd actually needed to breathe, she knew he'd be holding his breath. Leaning in again, she kissed it. He growled happily the moment her lips touched him. Emboldened, her tongue ran up the underside, and danced around the head. X shifted his hips a little closer, making Gina giggle at his eagerness.

"I'm really hungry this morning," she told him. She imagined she heard him inhale sharply.

Eyes dancing with playfulness, her hands wrapped around him, and pulled him down to her waiting mouth. Taking him in, she purred at how he filled her. She slipped her head further and further down with each stroke. As always, reaching the base (or at least close to it) was a personal triumph, and she wasn't satisfied until she had. The moment she did, she pulled back with a gasp and grinned at him.

"Yum."

Her hands slid up and down the length of his shaft. Thick, and wet with her saliva, it felt slick and good. Closing her mouth over him again, she sucked while her hands glided back and forth. 

"How hungry are you?" X moaned, watching her head bob.

"Mmm," she purred in response. 

His hips shifted in warning, signalling his approaching release. She loved these realistic little things he did that he didn't really need to. They were things done just for her sake, to bring them closer. Her hands flew faster, up and down, up and down. She sucked harder, working for it.

"Gina..."

With a groan, he flooded her mouth with hot, salty cream.

.

Miller struggled against the manacles, but the spreader bar gave her no leverage.

"You evil-minded bugger," she thought, but didn't dare say aloud. The bar wasn't even secured to the headboard, just loosely lashed there with a silk tie.

Not shackling her legs was a sweet and challenging cruelty disguised as a kindness. She looked down the length of her naked body at him. William stood just beyond the end of the bed, staring down the length of his nose at her with an infuriatingly smug air of self-satisfaction. He was stripped down to his trousers, and just as infuriating, looked insanely delicious. She couldn't even pretend to see just a machine when she looked at him now. And, with his being an android, she also couldn't even have the satisfaction of seeing him sweat for his efforts. She mentally cursed Gina. He gathered the falls of the flogger into his hand and snapped them taut. Miller gasped. 

"Wider," he commanded. 

Slowly, she forced herself to let her legs fall wide, exposing herself to him fully. She tried to control her breathing, watching the flogger as if it were a snake about to strike. She had no idea what his target would be. William gave her a lopsided smile, but his eyes glittered darkly.

"You're really enjoying this, aren't you, you evil bastard," she growled... in her head.

A blur of butter-smooth leather chased by a swish. It stung her belly with a resounding smack. Miller hissed sharply, legs snapping shut and jerking up into the air. She'd already endured his figure eight three times, and now this. She was red from her breasts to her knees. 

Number One waited patiently for her to relax, admiring the sight of her. Panting, cheeks burning, and just starting to buzz from her endorphins, she was quite the sight. Her nipples were as hard as the brass fittings on the ship's helm, her skin shone with sweat, and her pussy was so swollen and angry that the smell of her desire filled the room. He enjoyed the way her eyes always burned two shades darker in the heat of passion. She didn't choose this kind of play every day, but especially when she'd had to do something she didn't care for, that need for sweet release drove her to ask for the fun toys. He wouldn't take her to subspace, though—not yet. He was just warming up. 

"Really," he scolded, "I thought you could take more than that. Heaven knows you deserve it."

He waited, his only movement the tick-tock swish of the flogger as he let it sway back and forth. He was in no hurry, deliberately allowing her to cool down a little, under the guise of merciful patience.

"If you've truly grown so soft, then I'll make you a bargain. If you can take three more, I'll put this toy away."

Slowly, her legs fell open again. 

"If you can't, I won't stop until I'm satisfied."

He watched her squirm against the mattress. The leather cuffs jingled against the bar. It would have been much easier on her if he'd bound her more securely, but this was more fun. Her chest heaved, but her breathing had slowed. The smell of her was intoxicating.

"I don't think I need to remind you that I don't tire, and my wrist doesn't get sore."

She didn't know which was worse, the soft, rhythmic blows that built the pain and heat gradually, or the sharper, more spaced-out ones he was torturing her with now. He landed another blow across her belly, making her jump. It was a light one, just to get her attention, but it still drew a hiss and a whimper from her. 

"I'm waiting."

In answer, she parted her thighs again and tilted her hips toward him.

"Keep your legs spread," he warned. 

He watched her legs tremble, and waited until she'd fought herself under control again. His arm tensed, making her flinch in anticipation. He waited... ... and then the lash fell again, landing with a wet slap across her pussy. Miller yelped, legs jumping, but she managed to keep them from completely closing.

"Good girl, " he complimented, in a patronizing tone as sharp as the lash. "You're finally trying. Only two more to go, then."

Rather than draw them out, he surprised her by landing them both quickly, with a twist of his wrist—two light slaps just above her pussy, the falls dragging across her puffy folds. She was so wet, that if it hadn't been in motion, she'd have stuck to the leather. 

"Well, well, you continue to surprise me," he said, giving her another lopsided smile. "I didn't think you could do it."

She was too sore and tired to feel any sting from his barb.

"That means it's time for a new game."

Dropping the flogger, the droid undid his trou and pushed them to the floor. He'd barely stepped out of them before he climbed onto the bed. Grinning, William edged up to her on his knees, cock hard and ready. It bounced with every shift of his hips.

Miller gulped, looking down at what awaited her. It was every bit as impressive and realistic-looking as the rest of him. She mentally praised Gina. 

When his thighs butted up against the backs of hers, he took his cock and slapped her sore pussy with it several times. Her wet lips clung to him, and her hips jerked.

"Gods," she gasped. She hoped he didn't tease her until she begged for it this time. 

He didn't. He slipped himself between those grasping lips and edged forward. Her hot, needy sheath swallowed him eagerly, pulling at him, wanting more.

"Have you been good? Do you deserve it?" he asked, running his hands lightly over her burning belly.

The words were a bait, but she'd expected them. He used them like he did the flogger. Patronizing and sexist, they were a challenge to her independent nature, to her authority. She could just command him to do what she wanted, but they both knew that she never would. Allowing his barbs was another surrender, another submission. Another wave of heat flooded her, and she writhed against her bonds, trying to get closer to him.

"Fuck me," she pleaded, voice plaintive. "I need it. I need it now."

Back and forth, back and forth, William swayed his hips. His position only allowed a little of him inside her, but it was enough, and the hot, sweet friction was driving her mad.

"Have you been good?"

"Absolutely not."

William laughed. "Then, I'll take you like a bad girl."

Taking an ankle in each hand, he pressed her legs high and wide, allowing him to thrust fully into her. Leaning over her, he sank down until their hips met. Miller moaned as he filled her. His already thick cock, made even thicker by the Realskin, was stretching her wide. William settled until he caught her gaze. The moment their eyes locked, he started to pound down into her with long, slapping strokes that drove her hips into the mattress. 

"Oh, gods..."

His pace grew faster and faster until her entire body was just the heat pouring into her core. 

Tighter and tighter...

She wailed as she came, throwing her head back into the pillow and straining at her bonds. It was molten sugar.

"Oh! You sweet fucker!" she screamed, clenching helplessly around that hot, sweet fire.

Wave after wave swept through her, driven by that unrelenting rod that just wouldn't stop. She was left red-faced, panting breathlessly by the time he allowed her to come down. He was her Number One in every way. 

Settling back onto his knees, William slowed to a gentle rocking of his hips and watched her post-orgasmic expressions. He felt quite pleased with himself. He waited until she'd caught her breath before speaking. 

"Done already?" he teased. "I haven't even reached the back end yet."

He slowly slid his cock out of her. She looked down at it, all wet and shiny with her. Miller closed her eyes and moaned, head lolling back into the pillow. She wasn't at all sure that she had the energy for more... especially that... ...but, she was certainly going to try. She opened her eyes and gave the evil satyr a wicked grin.

Taking himself in hand, he lowered the head of his cock and rubbed her tight little crinkle, enjoying the way it clenched and flexed in anticipation. He looked at her expression and smiled, then started to press forward.

The Victorian-retro phone rang.

"Bloody hell," she cursed. She shot a growl and a glance in its direction, but it kept ringing anyway.

William unlocked the cuffs, and Miller climbed stiffly from the bed to answer it. Seeing that the phone was signalling an incoming video call, rather than a usual one, made her growl again. The very fact that it was a video call suggested to her who it was, and she decided against simply pointing the camera at the ceiling. She paused long enough to pull on and button her shirt, and fish her vape out of its case. She turned it on as she sat and tried to force her hair into some semblance of order, while the call connected.

The moment Nigel saw her, he knew what she'd been up to—the dishevelled hair, the flushed, glowing skin, the shirt buttoned only halfway, with obviously no bra beneath. He blushed instantly and sat up straighter in his chair. He could see the dusky shadows of her nipples through the fabric. He suddenly wished he'd worn looser trousers.

"I have the results of Gina's background and DNA," he said, not commenting on her appearance, and trying not to stare. It was an impossible feat.

"Oh?" she asked, switching the crossing of her legs and wishing she could have just ignored the call to bask in bed with William for a while, then hop into the shower. She hoped that her state wasn't too obvious, but she could tell by the way he was staring that it was.

"She's one of yours."

"I knew it," she snarled. Number Two had known the moment he'd laid eyes on her. "You were supposed to keep her on Earth. Are you telling me you can't even keep an eye on a couple of girls?"

"We don't have those kind of resources. You aren't our only agent. We do check up on everyone."

"This is my blood! She was meant to be my legacy," she barked. "Out of three, you've already lost one, and now you've let a second one up here to outer bloody space! With me!"

Nigel had the good taste not to mention the car crash that had taken the first. Though it was unfair to be blamed for something beyond anyone's control to prevent, he knew that it would cut her deeply to be reminded. Despite how she sometimes seemed to think of them, they weren't actually family. If anything, they were more Miller's siblings than anything else. They were only related to her in the technical sense.
