 "LOOK AT THESE TITS!" screamed the tanned, gorgeous, and leggy beauty beating upon the wooden frame of Apartment #206. The mammaries in question were scarcely contained in the frilly, lacy cups of a black, lingerie push-up bra. She squeezed and jiggled her pliant boobs in front of the small, circular peephole in the thick door. " I KNOW YOU WANT 'EM! YOU KNOW YOU WANT 'EM!" "JUST... just come get me! Come on outta there and suck my BOOBS!" she commanded in a frantic voice containing as much desperation as anger. 

In spite of himself, Todd had certainly been tempted to do just that. He had indeed looked, if nothing else. The total package was like that of a busty, Victoria's Secret model in Heat. Certainly, the elegant face, pouty lips all framed within a vibrant mane of auburn fire would have landed the girl a decent modeling career; 6 months ago at least. Not to mention the rest of her shapely, black lingerie-clad curves. The proffered boobs dangling temptingly before Todd's door were pleasant, bronze-skinned handfuls that swelled with enough womanly bounty to catch the eye of the most ardent tit-man, yet not so over-large as to disqualify her from the world of fashion-modeling. That, combined with the smooth towers of leggy femininity, as well-formed as any work of art could have indeed landed such a woman a lucrative modeling career. 6 months, at least. Now, things were not so certain... 

She began to writhe sensuously outside, where her gyrations would be visible in the peephole, waving hips, ass and arms in a serpentine gesture of slutty abandon. "But... I can make you soooo happy, Todd!" She tried to deliberately invoke a husky, sultry tone. "I know... I know how to... pleasure a man... y-you don't know what you're missing!" she breathed. Sighing, Todd stepped closer to the door, but spared only the briefest of passing glances to the indecent display.

"You don't fool me; I know what this is all about. And like I said; I have a date tonight." He explained, patiently. The woman was incredulous.

"BUT THAT'S NOT FOR SIX MORE HOURS! WE'VE GOT TIME! I NEED YOU... YOU..YOU WANT THIS PUSSY AS MUCH AS I WANNA GIVE IT TO YOU!" She accused. "No more games... just want... your hands... on my tits... your cock... in my cunt... mmmmmm my... hot... little... cunt... " Any further words in that sentence descended to incoherent gurgles drowned by her hormone-charged estrus.

"I'm not playing you; there's no game here. I got a date, and a RELATIONSHIP," he emphasized. "With a REAL woman."

"WHAAAT!" shrieked the sultry, slutty brunette. With a fluid, deliberate motion, she discarded the lacy, push-up bra. Buoyant boobs surged into the light, D-cup melons thrusting forward with erect nipples as if to point accusingly at the object of their desire. "THESE TITS ARE GREAT!! AND I'M ALL REAL!! CHECK ME OUT!" she seemed nearly as excited by her feminine assets as Todd should have been. "Just one squeeze wouldn't kill ya!" she cajoled playfully. The controversial mammaries bulged as she thrust them into the smooth wood of the door. Of course, there was no evidence of any sort of surgery or augmentation. Not the slightest scarring of any sort.

On reflection, for a shapely piece of tail like her, Todd should have been out of his league. 6 months ago, had there been a hotty that fine anywhere near here, no reason she would have given him the time of day. Todd Caldwell had always been a lanky, rail-thin, clean-shaven black guy with few notable talents, but of decent intelligence. The parents, (his parents) had met whilst working for the Peace Corps in the fetid depths of Central Africa. While they made many friends and trusted allies over the years, they'd always regretted the assignment for the problems it caused their son.

As a mere whisp of lad, young Todd seemed to have contracted an Ebola-like virus, the dreaded Malaria, and at least 3 distinct internal, jungle parasites. The doctors wrote him off for lost, but surprisingly, Todd's body had adapted in an unforeseen way. As he lay deathly ill, all the experts agreed that his young body had no hope of fighting off these massive, multiple infections; But instead, it was as if his body turned the diseases against each other. Somehow, the Ebola mutated and attacked the Malaria plasmodium, which in turn mutated and began to attack all of the other parasites. The harrowing ordeal weakened him considerably, but his novel immune system turned the tables on a host of terrible diseases, and his blood work was the subject of many interesting medical journal articles. Well, interesting to scientists. Todd would have just as soon grown up healthy, happy, and spoiled.

He'd always had weak lungs, could never seem to put on muscle, and forget any serious sports! The rest of him was handsome enough, he guessed. His piercing gaze and strong jaw could make him look severe, and intense when he needed, but his lanky lack of real physical strength had always embarrassed him. Throughout high school, there was no chance of his becoming a Jock, he wasn't really smart enough to be a true nerd. While that spared him some abuse, it also made him a veritable social unknown; lost in the faceless, uninteresting social throngs of the semi-outcast for much of his life. Now, in college, well... no real changes to his situation... really it was other people who had changed.

"Oh... Oh I get it... " the woman outside his door announced, half to herself. Todd could almost hear the wheels in her mind churning. "You need m-more than just great sex! You need a girlfriend! I... I CAN DO THAT TODD! I CAN BE... WHAT YOU NEED... " he thought she was fingering herself as she spoke. "IT... IT'S NOT JUST ABOUT SEX WITH ME TODD, I... I CAN DO OTHER THINGS! I CAN BE YOUR GIRLFRIEND! YES TODD I WILL!! W-WE CAN DO... DATES... REAL... DATES! I... I CAN WATCH FIERY, ACTION MOVIES THAT GUYS LIKE! YOU CAN... WE CAN... JUST TALK! IT'S NOT ABOUT SEX WITH ME TODD, N-NO... " her voice shook with need. "I CAN DO WHAT YOU WANT! I'M NOT JUST SOME SLUT INTO ONE-NIGHT STANDS! YOU..YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE TO SUCK MY TITS IF YOU DON'T WANT TO! JUST... just let me touch you... let me be... close to you.." she purred, less frantically. Yet her proud, thrusting bosom still heaved with thwarted longing. "We can have... a relationship Todd... " she grunted, and her heard a rattling sound. Was she trying to pick his lock, or... "It's not just sex with me... w-we can have lots of sex... when you want! But just... just let me touch you... be near you... oooohhh... " again that rattling sound, he checked the peephole.

Todd shook his head and stifled a chuckle. The dirty slut was humping his doorknob! Hot sweat poured from her furrowed brow, smearing her mascara as her pert nose and pouty lips flared with the magnitude of her indecent, desperate arousal. She'd say anything to get the cock she craved!

"The answer is still no," Todd explained calmly. "You're not fooling anyone; I know who you are, and I know what you want. And I'm moving on. I don't want to be cruel, but I'm through with your type. There are real women out there, and I have a date with one tonight." Another rattle as her crotch disengaged from his doorknob. He'd have to get it washed.

"WELL FINE! I DON'T NEED YOU TODD CALDWELL!!! THERE ARE OTHER COCKS OUT THERE WHO WOULD LOVE TO GET SOME OF THIS PUSSY!" in a softer tone, she added: "I"M... I'm going back to my room to spend some quality time with Mr. Vibrator. You can replace him anytime you lii-iike!" she added, in a sing-song tone, never abandoning her attempts at seduction.

**********

You could change a man's mind sometimes, by appealing to his baser nature. *SHLUCK* Denise knew that Todd would come around in time, but she'd help him along. *SLURP* That was why she'd left her apartment door wide open... while she lay sprawled on her back, on her fold-out bed/couch, facing the door, completely naked, with a meaty, black dildo spearing her slathering cunt.

Denise gambled that the sight of her delicious, tanned skin, curvaceous frame, and generous boobs that waggled and wobbled ceaselessly across the fertile playground of her chest would trigger his instincts. She knew, she could feel them enlarging. It got like almost everyday for Denise and... and girls like her. Her mammaries thrust up high and proud upon her slim chest. The tanned hemispheres were similar in height to small coffee mugs as they wavered naked in the air, nipples thrust up high. But she knew, she could feel them stretching, expanding, enlarging. It was easy to miss, but her boobflesh was continually stretching as if from great pressure within; and she knew what that pressure-

"NAAH!" Denise yelped as the first spurts began. Her breasts were at least another inch higher, jiggling upon her body when the milk began to jet forth. The dark-haired slut had long since overcome the fear and uncertainty that accompanied her first few spurts of lactation. It all seemed so natural now, everything about her change was just her accepted state. 

Three months ago, the... person that Denise had been would have reacted with unmitigated horror at the sight of the naked, sweating, tan-skinned, sex-pot of pussy-dripping, milk-spurting sensuality that she had become upon accepting her new urges. "MMM... *SLURP*" She was so sweet now, That idiot Todd didn't know what he was missing! He could be here now! His cock thrusting into her sopping cunt, his lips sucking mightily from her milk-laden mams. 

But her harsh words didn't matter. She'd be back at his door tomorrow, with the same plea on her lips, the same ache in her cunt. Moments of anger, or his refusal didn't change anything. She'd say whatever she needed to say, pretend to be whatever he wanted. Anything and everything to push his buttons, to get him on top of, and inside her. 

If her boobs left any doubt in the viewers mind, the in-out motion, the desperate thrusts of the sex-toy that reamed her ever-moistening cunt would provoke a surge of primal, male urges that would make Todd forget his earlier refusal. Noisome howls of pleasure would ensure that no passersby would miss the indecent spectacle of sweat-slicked nymphomania thrashing nakedly in frenzied estrus in Room 221. 

"Knock, Knock." Announced the land-lord, as he rapped briefly upon the open door.

"Guh-huh?" murmured Denise, her mahogany-colored hair becoming matted to her bronzed skin is wet strands.

"Ah've never been one ta abandon a woman in need," explained the owner of the complex, Paul Nesmith. An aging newly retiree, he'd nonetheless always attempted to remain in decent physical condition. His weathered flesh still retained a healthy strength, and beneath his balding brow, stern blue eyes regarded the nude slut with a deliberate lechery surprising in a man of his more than 60 years.

"... And we kin hear yore need all' a way on the third floor!" as he smiled his gold-toothed grin, he tossed onto the floor of her cluttered room a small, square box of Viagra which landed amidst a frilly pile of pink, female underwear.

"Then... your cock?" Denise sluttily wondered.

"Time for Paul ta be a stud again! Heh! An' even better... " He produced a small, blue jar of what seemed to be ointment with detailed, medical labeling on the side, an empty jar.

"Is that...?" she asked hopefully, the full question trailing off as her boobs yet jiggled.

"It's the VERY latest; a true preventative! So there'll be no unfortunate... eh... surprises." The vigorous senior declared with a roll of his blue eyes. But Denise only half-way cared. She hadn't considered Nesmith before, a man of his age could almost never meet her considerable needs. As she cast off the vibrating dildo, the cry which escaped her lips was as much roar as moan, as she opened wide her slender arms.

"CUM!! MY CUNT!!! I WANT YOU IN MY HOT CUNT!!!" Her hips jerked with longing, her female lips full, engorged, as she spread her legs with all the dexterity of a gymnast, to better accommodate the beefy rod soon to penetrate her. It didn't really seem to matter where the cock came from; Denise was past that. When a girl gets as hot as she was, when the burning craving for a male body, and a male dick sears her every nerve ending, there just wasn't any way she could turn down any source of sex. Young, Old, Black or White, Single, Married... a woman in her position was long past caring. So long as the penis was hard, hot and eager, it could fill the gaping, well-lubricated void inside her. To his credit, Paul at least tried to close the door with the back of his foot before lunging.

**********

Todd wouldn't let it get him down. With his hot date in just a few hours, the lanky student knew he couldn't allow any depression over this lost job to sour the mood. He'd been looking forward to this; and it wouldn't change his attitude, losing the job at the bookstore would make it a bitch trying to pay his tuition. But he wasn't going to let anything hold him down!

As he walked uphill on the plain, gray cement of the sidewalk along the street's edge of the verdant grounds of Daleson University, he tried to allow the upward climb of the slope to boost his spirits accordingly. I mean, if he'd really done something wrong; maybe that would be one thing; but the whole staff knew the real reason; it was that blond with the gi-normous tits! That giggling little slut! Probably the same kinda girl as Denise! 

But Mr. Caruthers could only afford 12 employees, and when blond-perky-tits arrived, the word was the Boss just selected somebody at random to fire. The talk in the employee lounge was very illuminating. The ex-bookstore cashier tried to put out of his mind the image of the portly, salt-and-pepper-bearded manager as he stood nervously, pudgy fingers wrapping on the wood of his desk as he stammered out halting, inconsistent excuses for Todd's termination. All the while, Caruthers was adjusting his belt, as if it were all he could do to restrain his raging hard-on. Hazel eyes darting nervously towards the door as if impatient to finish stammering out the justifications, most of which didn't even apply to Todd! (That was Stevens who'd been late those three days in July!

"But Mr. Caruthers! Stevens was the one who was-"

"THE DECISION'S BEEN MADE!" shouted the manager. "YOU... it's... Let me finish! This is a notification! Not... a debate!" so that was it. After Todd had left, she'd entered almost on his heels. She was a short little bastion of blond-curled voluptuousness. Porn-star tits surged like captured honeydew melons in her lycra tube-top. A scandalously short-skirt was stretched taut around the wide grandeur of her ample ass and breeding-hips. She wore a thick, flowery perfume that assaulted his nostrils.

Todd had promised himself not to, but he couldn't help but listen to the stammering, unnecessary congratulations as the slut was given his job. A nervous laugh and a giggle, and then the girls' real job began.

But Todd continued walking back to his car, he would not dwell upon his loss; perhaps he could take legal action, but... it might be difficult to prove a real bias, and he had to ask whether this job was really worth all that effort. Hmm... well, if he was going to try to sue or something, it would be after his hot date!

**********

Victor Caruthers was having trouble with his mouth. His joy at this unexpected rendezvous was forcing his face to budget its time between smiling, laughing with joy, and licking the tasty labia that was above him. Caruthers hadn't even thought to move from the living room sofa where Sofie had first pounced on him. 

Well, that hadn't been the first place; She'd sucked him off at the Bookstore, right after he'd finished firing that eh... whatisname... eh black kid who... aw, didn't matter. What mattered was that Sofie had a cousin! A little platinum blond hottie every bit the slut she was! It was a new age! A new beginning!

Victor's hairy legs twitched As Sofie thrashed atop his turgid member, grinding her ample hips in deep rows across his crotch, her lurid motions all but ensuring that every square millimeter of her feminine sanctum was liberally massaged by throbbing man meat. Stripper-quality tits, pulsing forwards, sideways, and down with frenetic motions like that of over-sexed water-balloons seemed to have grown nearly another inch since the rut began.

Victor's hairy, broad chest was becoming sprinkled with the creamy produce of taut-nippled lactation, as the thin, white jets only increased in frequency. Sofie and her cousin, er... Victor didn't catch her name, kneeled facing each other, straddling his body between them like a hairy chested, deliriously happy pommel-horse. As Sofie was the one who found him, the two had agreed that she would have first crack at Victor's penis. And Mr. Caruthers was indeed glad; the sopping cunt of the wide-hipped hussy slurped and suckled around his cock like a woman dying of thirst.

These women of the 'New Age' caressed and groped each other's fertile endowments like... almost like teenage boys given unfettered access to a Porn-Star. With a wide-mouthed, lesbian zeal to make Sappho herself proud, the honey-blond Sofie, and the platinum blond er... eh... whoever she was... attacked one another in a jiggling combat waged with sensuous tongues, sloppy kisses, nipple-twists, and the most ardent of fondlings. 

Fortunately for Victor Caruthers, their tastes were of the broadest sort. Sofie and her ilk pursued any penis with a ferocious passion, yet would never pass up a chance with another woman's boobs. Their ministrations to each other halted temporarily only when the surge of Victor's nigh-orgasmic rod struck a chord deep within, sending Sofie into a gurgling fit of incoherent urges. Her cousin likewise, was forced to stop and moan when the questing thrusts of their beau's agile tongue provoked her feminine core in ways that apprehended her rational mind. Her ass bobbed obscenely as the thrashed ecstatic upon his face and tongue. Victor's thighs, face and neck now slick with the pungent juice of female lubrication.

And that was the strange thing; with Sofie and er... the other girl, there was this odd, offensive odor. It was a musky, tangy aroma that called to mind animal exertion and unwashed rut. The smell was troubling, uncivilized, just the sort of scent that any woman who respected herself would attempt to purge. And yet, this perverse, animal-musk set his nerves on edge. The proximity with her pussy sent a fire rushing to his loins, and lightning to the core of his being. Sofie's musk alerted hidden imperatives in his body, boiling his blood with a depraved, beastial passion that was as potent as it was unexpected. Her crotch exuded a haze of estrus, it was the aroma that sent wild bulls into a dangerous frenzy, it was the scent that dogs sniff for around a female's back parts, and it was the feral musk that propelled Victor Caruthers into a potent orgasm he had never dreamed his middle-aged physiology was capable of.

The next few hours were a blur; just as Victor thought his body could not sustain the awesome, sexual Olympics, he managed to unleash yet one more orgasm, one more jet of hot semen into a pussy. Whether the bush above that womanly core was honey-colored, or platinum blond did not matter; his penis happily ejaculated with the stamina and frequency of a 15-year old boy. The vigor that infused him seemed as much... obligation as pleasure. If his penis could release this much semen, it seemed almost a crime not to spew it forth into any cunt that was handy. 

Sofie screamed in ear-splitting glee; the way her skin got gooseflesh, the way her breasts jiggled, the way her muscles clenched confirmed some of the rumors Victor had heard; these girls actually got off on cum. It wasn't just the act of the cock stimulating them within, the semen itself caused a reaction, it was like a drug to them, sending them into a narcotic craving that enhanced their already unmanageable sex-drives. And to think! Some people called this new phenomenon a plague! Ha!
