 Author's note: I'm trying to improve my writing so any advice or constructive feedback is welcome. I have drafts of chapters to follow but I'm also curious to hear where people would like to see the story go. This chapter takes a while to get going but has some sex towards the end. If you haven't read chapters one and two then I recommend that you read those first. 

*****

Dean and Stephanie sat on opposite sides of the table in the outdoor cafeteria. Sleek and seamless curves of metal made the benches and tabletop. They appeared to have been forged from a single piece of aluminum. The entire university cafeteria had been recently renovated as part of the government's new university investment program. 

Groups of young fem with the occasional male member dotted the courtyard. Even fewer males attended the campus now that the university had dropped all science, engineering and math courses due to lack of enrollment. 

Dean had an interest in science but he couldn't convince his mother to cover the expensive tuition. Marketing received considerable government subsidies which made it an affordable compromise. Since being kick out of home by his mother, Dean knew that he would still have difficulty paying his tuition. 

There was an unusually awkward silence as the two friends ate. Dean was supposed to be slumming it in Mansfield for only a week before moving into Stephanie's spare room but it had been almost two weeks since his mother had kicked him out and he still hadn't heard anything from Stephanie. 

"I'm sorry Dean." said Stephanie, "Barbra's mom went mental when she found out about us. I had to let Barb move into my spare room. You're gonna have to stay with Melody for a while longer." 

Stephanie consoled him with a short pat on the back of his hand. 

"It's ok. She's your girlfriend after all." Dean said. 

He paused for a moment, worried that someone could overhear them. 

He lowered his volume, "I'm just glad that she has somewhere to go. Your folks are amazing you know." 

"Thanks but I think that you are setting the bar kinda low." she responded with understated anger, "Generally speaking, I don't think that it makes sense to kick people onto the street just because of their sexual orientation. And doing it to your own daughter..." 

She gave up on finishing the sentence and just shook her head. Dean swallowed hard as if trying to remove the lump from his throat, "Yeah." 

He was in a similar situation with his own mother and hadn't seen her since she discovered that he had lost is virginity. The look of rage on her face when she disowned him was just as haunting as if it happened yesterday. 

Stephanie's angry expression softened when she saw his forlorn look. 

"Oh I'm sorry Dean. It's just as bad for you too." she patted him on the back of the hand again. 

He paused and stared at the ground, "But Barbra never chose to be a lesbian. I was just stupid. I never should have gone near that girl." 

He paused to think and Stephanie waited patiently. 

"It's not just that. I even went against my spiritual upbringing. It's like, I have all of these opposing beliefs, those that I was raised with an those that I have developed and I managed to betray all of them at once." 

"Just because I was horny." he thought to himself but lacked the courage to speak the words. 

He took a deep breath, "I deserved what happened to me. But Barb, what happened to her was wrong." 

"No Dean! Both of your parents were wrong. It's never ok to turn on family like that. I don't care what you did!" She squeezed his hand with her dainty palm. 

Dean knew that she was right but he just needed to hear it out loud. It was times like these that he wished that Stephanie was straight. He felt like it was impossible to find a fem of her beauty and integrity. 

Her frame was reminiscent of fem before the genetic revolution. Dean found her distinctive Korean features attractive but wouldn't dare to let on. 

He watched her for a moment. Her dark brown eyes lit up with a quick smile as she glanced over his shoulder at Barbra who was at a table behind them. Every minute or so the two of them would share loving glance across the courtyard. Dean would have found it irritating and rude if it wasn't so cute. 

He smiled knowingly, the smile was sweet with a bitter after taste. They all knew that if the doting couple were seen together then nasty rumors could spread, the kind that could cause some real trouble for a young fem. Moments like these helped Dean understand just what motivated Stephanie's contempt for the new and emerging social order. 

"Careful. Don't look too happy." he jived, "Try to smile when you look at me. That will throw them off." 

He gestured to himself and Stephanie shot Dean a fake smile that only lasted a couple of seconds, "There happy!?" 

"Much better." He leant over slightly so that his face would intercept her gaze again. She was already looking back to Barbra for her reaction to the fake smile. 

For once Dean didn't actually mind being a third wheel. 

"So..." He wrestled her attention back and continued in a hushed tone, "How did you know that she was; you know; into girls?" 

"I didn't." she replied, "Well I had a feeling, but that's all really." 

"What?!" Dean's eyebrows shot up, "What if she wasn't and then told someone about you!?" 

Dean put his face in his hands for a moment before lifting his eyes back to a smug Stephanie, "You've always had the tits to take a risk, but that's just insane. This isn't just about losing friends Steph, it could seriously hurt your job prospects if that got out." 

"Yea I know." she paused as she picked at one of the grooves in the metal table, "But sometimes, I dunno, you've just got to say what you feel, be honest about what you think you know. And see what happens." 

"See if you end up getting beat up by the drama squad you mean." Dean interjected, "Oh, my Goddess Steph! Don't pull that shit." 

He felt a knot in his throat. Steph was the only true friend that he still had. 

"There are much safer ways to prove that you have tits of gold." He said with a subtle eye roll. 

Stephanie chuckled quietly. 

"Isn't it funny that even courage is gendered. 'Tits of gold' or having 'big tits'. You know that centuries ago, before the genetic revolution, it used to be the opposite." Stephanie's eyes became animated in way that they only ever did when she spoke about this sort of thing. 

"Oh no! I've done it now. Here we go with the conspiracy theories." Dean looked up too the clear blue sky for a moment. 

Stephanie chuckled, she always loved how animated he was. 

It's not that he didn't believe her. In fact, he believed in gender equality for males more than most of his friends. But considering a vastly different past with different social norms was disconcerting for him. 

"Seriously. They used to say, 'Balls of steel' and 'big balls'. I have seen the dark web achieves with some historical writings. You can never truly scrub this stuff from history you know." she said. 

Dean glanced at his watch with a playful smirk, "Wow. It actually took you a full ten minutes to get to a conspiracy theory today." 

Stephanie pouted playfully and folded her arms. 

"My money was on the 'moon landings' stuff but I almost bet on the good-old 'The government is deleting our history' one." He jokingly punctuated himself with air quotes. 

"Fine, I'll change the topic then. How are things going with Melody?" Stephanie could sense he had been avoiding the subject. 

"Alright." Dean was slightly deflated and took a sip of his soft drink, "You know, sleeping on her couch sucks. The apartment is tiny so I hardly get any privacy. And Melody. Well you know; she's Melody." 

Stephanie cocked her head with raised eyebrows. It was the kind of look that she got when she sensed a secret. 

"Annoying? Clingy?" she offered him some adjectives. 

"Yea, clingy is a good way to put it." Dean played with his home-cooked lentils as he spoke, "Her family has been amazing. I didn't know that there were any Christians around anymore. I thought it was a long-lost patriarchal religion. Did you know that Melody's mom does all the cooking?! It's basically the same as coven of Dibella but in reverse." 

Stephanie smiled sarcastically, "Sure except for the belief that only one gender should vote. Multiple husbands. Strict rules regarding dress, or lack-there-of for males. Teaching that one gender was designed to serve the other. No private property for one gender. Slavery, corporal punishment. And their views on science-" 

Dean cut her off, "All things that the Christian patriarchs instituted, just the other way around." 

Stephanie gave him a sarcastic frown. 

"Oh come on Dean. You and I both know that the history we are taught has been manipulated. Unless you see Melody's dad bossing his wife around like a slave?" 

Dean's eyes darted around playfully, "Well, it's mostly her telling him what to do but, they are just, reformed." 

"Oh ok." Stephanie's tone was sarcastic but becoming slightly heated, "So you don't have any actual direct evidence, just stuff you were taught." 

Dean didn't seem as tense as he usually was when the two of them had a debate. They both knew that he was playing devil's advocate. Something that Stephanie always appreciated about Dean was the way he would enjoy a good debate. He would always find a subtle way to get under her skin. 

"I see what you are doing you sneaky dickhead. Bait Steph into a fake debate so that you don't have to answer her question! You don't even believe that shit!" 

"Well, not completely." Dean chuckled. 

In a moment of private candor, Dean realized that even he didn't know what he believed sometimes. 

Stephanie's gaze became more intense, "Is Melody being weird Deany?" 

"Na!" Dean dismissed, "She is just you know. Fond of me." 

"She came onto you!?" Stephanie straightened her back. 

"Only once." He said, "I felt bad, she has been so good to me but; I'm just not interested." 

"You don't have to be sorry Dean. I'm sorry. I wish that you didn't have to stay there." her eyes were full of remorse, "She is nice girl who really cares a lot about the rights of males. I know that she means well." 

- 

An agonizing screech pierced Dean's ears but didn't appear to phase the crowd around him. Even Melody appeared unaffected. The old rusty electric train pulled into the station and a dense crowd of passengers migrated to the predicted resting place of the nearest carriage entry. The platform was filled with mostly male laborers of various professions who could not afford taxi car transportation. 

Melody and Dean were making their afternoon trip home from campus. Despite having different timetables Melody would often find an excuse to catch the same train as him. 

Many of the males carried bags full of tools and protective equipment. Working as a laborer in a factory or construction site was considered an ideal occupation for a boy after graduating high school. In this new world it was becoming increasingly difficult for males to compete with fem in more affluent professions. Most fem would consider a job as a simple laborer beneath them. 

A couple of middle-aged men who were closest to the entrance of the carriage combined their efforts to help the automatic door open all the way. Dean looked to Melody and was about to ask if this was a common issue with the train system but she was distracted by the sight of one of the males without a shirt. Dean decided to forget the question and pretend that he didn't notice her cliché distraction. 

"So how is that new job?" he asked while looking away. 

Melody shook herself from a day dream, "Eh um... yeah it's great! The ladies there are really lovely. The manager likes that I am studying business and would like to hear my ideas regarding their new expansion. She says that there could be a real future in management for me." 

"Wow, that's fantastic!" Dean smiled, doing his best to hide his jealousy. He would just about kill to get his foot in the door somewhere before graduating. 

They entered the train and a male in his thirties gave up his seat for Melody. She smiled to him and sat without a second thought. This was perfectly normal on the train. It was not unheard of for the government to administer fines to every male on a carriage simply because a fem was left standing. Melody felt obliged to take the offer to ensure that such an incident would not occur. Dean gave an uneasy glance to the camera attached to the ceiling. 

Looking down the carriage he saw that only standing room remained and three other young fem from the college were sitting as males stood in the aisle. Most young fem who went to college could afford more comfortable transport than the old train system. 

"What expansions?" he asked as he settled into a standing position next to Melody, "You said that the club is expanding?" 

"They are opening up the gym to males!" she said with a surprised tone. 

Dean was equally shocked, "That's awfully traditional for a lady's lifestyle club." 

"Yea I know right. They are actually kind of traditional like that. The manager said that it's good for business and that's all that matters." she said. "You should join Dean! It's Free!" 

Her eyes were wide with excitement. 

"Free? I don't wanna sound like a capitalist but I'm pretty sure that nothing is free." he frowned. 

"Well." she replied, "Only for a limited time. They are taking free male members just to get the numbers up. Then they will start charging newcomers, you should get in now. They have special change rooms for boys with total privacy, state-of-the-art facilities and everything." 

Dean wished that he still had access to a gym. His mother had revoked his gym membership when she kicked him out of the house. Finding time to workout was nearly impossible for him now. He had been running near Melody's place but Mansfield was not a safe neighborhood. 

"I really need a gym and I have no money." he admitted, "I got an email from the university last week. I need to come up with five thousand credits in a month or I can't enroll next semester." 

"Oh yeah." Melody replied, "That's no problem, you can apply for an equity consideration and defer the payment to your loan account. You are living outside of home and are unemployed. It should be easy for you, I get an equity consideration every semester." 

Dean frowned, "I did apply; it was denied. Apparently, I don't qualify. Perhaps my situation wasn't desperate enough." 

"What the fuck!? You are practically homeless! Your situation is technically worse than mine." Melody said louder than Dean would prefer, "No Dean, the real reason is that you are male." 

He stared out the window and watched office buildings fly by. All he could do was grimace. He hoped for another explanation, some problem or mistake that he could fix but nothing came to mind. 

- 

Saturday. 

Dean had jumped on the train and travelled past only three stations before arriving in a parallel universe. Century-old skyscrapers of glass and steel towered over him in every direction and looked as elegant as the day they were built. The streets were clean and free from homeless males. The business district of Gynohale was a monument to the new feminine supremacy in the business world. 

The district had been recently renamed by the local municipality and even Dean had to admit that it was an appropriate change. 

There was only one male for every ten fem on the street. Some of the males that he saw were dressed as, janitors or other lowly occupations and others wore "sexy" business attire. Their form-fitting fabrics and trousers left little to the imagination. Such provocative outfits were becoming more popular for males in office environments. 

Dean stood outside a pair of glass doors for a moment. Above them was a black banner with pink calligraphy that read "Nova Fem: Your lifestyle, your way". 

He looked around, for a moment and felt out of place. Lavishly dressed business ladies passed him on the street, with finely decorated hats that were more ornamental than protective. High heels could be heard but not seen under their modest dresses as they strode by with purpose. He could feel the eyes of some of the ladies wash over his body like a wave of judgement. 

Dean checked himself in the reflection of the glass door. 

"You'll be fine. It's just a place to workout." he murmured under his breath before walking in. 

Melody was quick to greet him at reception. She was obviously excited to give him the full tour of the gym which constituted the unisex section of the club. 

The moment that they walked onto the gym floor, Dean was startled by an enormous crash of a squat rack hitting floor. It was accompanied by the aggressive groan of a fem. He turned to see an enormous fem in her late thirties. 

"That's Rita, one of our regulars. She's actually quite lovely." Melody commented. 

He knew that some fem liked to be strong, but this young lady was a monster. She stood a foot taller than him even in her flat soles and wore a loose-fitting black Gi. Dean could tell that there was a lot of fat and even more muscle underneath it. She seemed grotesque and unnatural to him. 

The gym was a single large room that mostly contained weight lifting equipment. A row of brand-new Treadmills and Stairmasters lined the back wall. 

A male around Dean's age was climbing a Stairmaster at a steady pace. He lent forward with his elbows on the handles causing his arse to stick out lewdly in his tiny black hot-pants. 

The familiar brand-name "Supine" was printed in bold white letters on the skin-tight elastic material covering his buttocks. The letter "p" was positioned in the center line and disappeared into his butt crack as the material followed his contours with merciless honesty. 

His tight tank top revealed defined muscles on the small of his back. Through the mirror on the back wall Dean could see focus and strain in his face as sweat dripped from his chin. 

The fem-hulk sat on a bench directly behind the boy on the Stairmaster and hadn't yet broken a sweat. She took deep breaths in recovery and stared at the inadvertently erotic presentation only two meters in front of her. 

It looked as though the boy had been on the Stairmaster for some time and she had just begun her workout. In an otherwise empty gym her positioning spoke volumes. 

Dean pretended to be listening to his tour guide but was lost in thought, "How can I expect fem to take me seriously when there are boys dressing like prostitutes in the gym. It seems like males don't even want respect anymore." 

Melody continued with her spiel as if it was already well practiced, "And we have private showers for our boys so that you don't have to worry about getting hassled. I can't show you in for obvious reasons." 

Dean smiled appreciatively as they made their way back to the front desk. 

After they turned around he caught the enormous fem starring at him through the mirror in front of the squat rack. Unlike most fem, she greeted his gaze boldly with a smile that failed to hide the lust behind her eyes. Dean felt anxiety hit him suddenly.  

"Why is it always the ugly ones!?" He thought. 

When they returned to reception an elderly African lady stood behind the counter. She was dressed in the same colors as Melody but was wearing a more formal outfit with long sleeves and full-length dress. The confident lady surveyed Dean up and down smiled appreciatively. 

Dean felt self-conscious. He was used to being one the most handsome males in college but he knew that he had gained a little weight in the last few weeks. He felt ashamed despite being fully clothed in his workout gear. 

"He looks lovely Mel. Go ahead with the form." she said. 
