 Blurb: Six years on, Dean has graduated college and is working at a marketing firm. The prevailing winds of social change continue to stifle his progress as society becomes more matriarchal. His challenges are only exacerbated as his past exploits come back to haunt him. 

Author's Note: This story is role reversal social satire with erotic scenes. It is set in a female dominated society two hundred years in the future. Women (fem) have a growing monopoly on financial and political power while males have a greater degree of the sexual power. This story has no sissification themes, on the contrary, the society has strongly enforced gender norms and genetic changes have made the sexes more distinct. 

-- 

Six years later. 

The vibrant hum of conversation and sensual jazz did little to relax Dean as he took another sip of his beer. He scanned the room while listening to Mary rattle on about some problem in accounting. Dean thought it important to appear interested in what she was saying. 

He regained his focus and returned his gaze to the animated lady sitting next to him. Her first two drinks had gotten her talking and her genuine passion had begun to shine through. As usual, her stories were about some petty office politics which he found interminably dull. Unfamiliar accounting terms were thrown around but he did his best to nod at the important points. 

He was the only male sitting at a table with five of the senior employees from accounting. Their faces responded with confident understanding as Mary continued venting her frustrations regarding the junior staff. Dean did his best to follow on but he knew that the jargon was beyond him. 

For a moment he regretted accepting the offer for drinks with the ladies from the accounting department. While taking a bigger sip of his beer he reminded himself that being friendly with Mary could improve his chances of making assistant team leader. 

Mary told a joke about Brent filing some invoices incorrectly and Dean laughed on queue. He felt guilty for undermining the new receptionist that he had trained himself. 

She smiled proudly at Dean; pleased that she had made him laugh. He felt a knot in his stomach when he saw desire reveal itself in her eyes for an instant. 

"Alright ladies, this one's on me." Mary announced, "Hurry up and finish your drink Dean. No falling behind." she encouraged with a hand on his lower back. 

The other four ladies at the table responded with a cheer as he downed the last third of a glass. 

"Same again honey." she said confidently. 

This would be Dean's third trip to the bar to fetch a round. The ladies claimed that the bar manager would always serve hot boys first, so it was just easier for everyone if he did the leg work. 

This time instead of handing him the one hundred credit bill, she slid it down the side of his waist band and table erupted in laughter as they watched the face of Eleanor Primrose, slide against his bare skin. Being the first president of the United Nation Empire gave her pride of place on the new money. 

Dean got up and yanked it from elastic leggings with a playful smirk. 

"You're incorrigible Mary!" he huffed playfully eliciting even bigger grins from the accounting department. 

None of the ladies could resist a glance at Dean's round buttocks as he walked away. They were presented beautifully by his tight elastic work trousers. Dean had gotten used to feeling of an elastic seam ridding up his butt. 

After the ladies had lost sight of him in the crowd Diane broke the silence, "You gonna have a ride on that Mary?" 

"Oh my Goddess, Diane." Ashley blurted out in shock. 

"Oh come on, you were all thinking it." Diane added, "You've got him all firm for you boss." 

"Firm for a promotion more like it." Rebecca corrected with a furrowed brow. 

"I'll give him a private performance review tonight if you promise not to tell the hubby." she chuckled and her subordinates joined in. 

- 

Once Dean arrived at the bar, the manager walked past four fem so that she could greet him first. Her grey hair was tied back in plain and practical pony tail but she was dressed in a expensive suit. 

"Same again sugar?" she flashed a grin that revealed two gold fillings in her teeth. 

"Yes please." he confirmed. 

As she poured tequila into the cocktail shaker Dean glanced to his right to see a fem in her thirties with a bitter expression on her face. Dean didn't know how long she had been waiting there. 

He was beginning to realise that his university professors had a point; being male did come with certain privileges. 

Dean cleared his throat and looked back to the bar manager who was now shaking the cocktail mixer in time with syncopated jazz beat. Dean hated jazz, his idea of a good night out was deafening dance music and a dark club full of young fem competing for his attention. 

He shuffled his shoulders to the slow licentious beat in an attempt to ignore the hostile attitude of the fem next to him. 

He looked away from the stranger to survey the crowd. The venue catered to the more mature and sophisticated tastes of the senior staff members and drink prices were exorbitant to match. The up-side was that he didn't have to pay for his own drinks and he got a chance to make friends with some important ladies in the company. 

He felt out of place in a room full of middle-aged people enjoying in-depth conversations, a far cry from dark dance floors that were familiar to him. It was difficult to find anybody bellow thirty in the entire room. Despite two thirds of the patrons being fem, he found very few of them to be remotely attractive. 

A man in his thirties carried a beer and a cocktail back to a table of business ladies and their husbands. He gave his wife the cocktail and kissed her on the cheek before taking a sip of beer. The husbands all appeared to be at least ten years younger than the ladies. 

He could feel the second drink loosening his upper body as he continued to subtly move to the music. 

"Your first time here handsome?" the voice of the bar manager pulled his attention forward. 

"Yeah." he responded with a surprised tone. 

"You look like a virgin." she said while staring into him. 

Dean eyes went wide and he leaned forward hoping that he didn't hear her correctly, "What!?" 

"A jazz virgin." she added, "It's ancient, but it never fails to get you in the mood." 

"Oh" Dean didn't know what to say, "I guess it's growing on me." 

She started pouring the margaritas, "If you ask me, it's the sexiest music ever invented." 

Dean just raised his eyebrows awkwardly, unsure how to respond. 

The bar manager slid the tray of drinks towards him, "If you are looking for a job, we are always taking on new recruits. A nice boy like you could make over one thousand a week under me." 

His eyebrows shot up for a moment. Working as team member in the marketing firm was only making him six hundred a week. 

"Wow" he said politely, "That's not bad." 

"Especially a boy with your skills and experience.", she a smirked "I've been following your work for some time Dean Johnson. Ladies would tip a porn star like you in Eleanors." 

Dean froze. It took him a moment to remember that an "Eleanor" was slang for a one hundred credit bill. 

She handed him her card and he slipped it into his pocket but he had no intention of ever calling her. He suspected that the job involved more than just serving drinks. Now that he had a proper job, he was glad that the days of selling his body were behind him. 

The crowd was getting thicker as more patrons continued to arrive. Navigating the steady stream of new arrivals slowed him on his trip back to the table. With most of the ladies standing a head taller than him in their heels, he struggled to see where her was going. Bodies heading to his left buffeted him like a cross-wind. 

A hand grabbed his right buttock firmly. Fingernails digging deeply into his flesh gave it an unmistakably feminine characteristic. Dean flinched and his back straightened but he could do nothing to defend himself while carrying a tray full of drinks. He wasn't sure who it was. He hoped that the rude fem would leave him alone but the hand only grew bolder. It followed him for a moment as he shuffled through the crowd. Two lecherous fingers traced down the crease of his butt crack as if attempting to assault his vulnerable entrance. 

After escaping the thickest area of the crowd, he turned around in search of a culprit but saw nothing but ladies and the occasional male making their way to and from the bar. 

Dean delivered the drinks to the table of coworkers and a comedian took the stage shortly after. She was a fem in her thirties who was well received by an intoxicated audience. Towards the end of her set, hysterical laughter reached a gradual crescendo in the tightly packed room as she did an impression of a male president attempting to think straight while sporting an erection. 

"Duuhh... oh... ok Chairlady Xao, we will give one hundred billion credits to China. Can I cum now!?" she cried in a deep childish voice. 

The men chuckled politely and the ladies slapped knees and looked to the ceiling in uproar. Dean had noticed that this type of humor was becoming increasingly popular and he found that disconcerting. Some men still served as governors and senators but most of those positions were now occupied by fem and the gap in representation was only continuing to widen. 

"Seriously! How crazy is that?! You have a human that has a thing between its legs that takes up more blood than his brain who is making important decisions! That was only fifty years ago that we had a male President! How are we still alive!?" she gawked in disbelief to appreciative audience. 

"It's an inflatable dildo designed to make a lady feel good and make him do anything that she says!" she paused for a moment. 

"And there ain't no thinkin' going on when that thing is hard sister!" she yelled into the microphone. 

Mary rocked back and forth next to Dean as she laughed uncontrollably. She leaned over to put her hand on the inside of his thigh to only have it parried away politely. He smiled in an effort to look natural, not daring to show the revulsion he felt. 

"President Blackwood they called him!" 

"Chairlady Xao is like, 'Hey Dumbwood! Make me dinner while you're at it you dumb white buck!'" 

A lady at the next table over accidently spat some of her drink at this punch line. Dean cringed every time he heard the word "buck". It was a trendy word which was used to refer to a boy who was a prostitute. 

The deafening laughter rolled on for a couple more moments. 

"I'm Shirly Garner! You've been a wonderful audience good night!" 

The crowd surged once again with a standing ovation from most of the ladies in the audience. 

This was followed by a couple of minutes of energetic chatter in the relative silence. The lights came down and a chorus of feminine cheers rose in anticipation. 

Dean straightened up curiously and looked to the stage but couldn't see anyone. He wondered what everyone was making such a big deal about. Mary was already on her feet and cheering. 

A mature feminine voice boomed over the speakers, "And now something for the ladies! Prepare to have your fantasies made a reality! Please make very welcome, the Silver Baroness Harem!" 

Mary put her hands around her mouth to project her voice forward. The applause and feminine screams of excitement grew from loud to overwhelming. Six scantily clad boys of all different races burst onto the stage in various styles of provocative lingerie. Some in leather others in spandex, one was even in lace. They all had collars of various types around their necks. 

A familiar syncopated baseline boomed from the speakers. It was the latest hit from Sinboys. 

Several male voices sung in harmony, 

"Don't wanna sin but don't wanna change. 

Don't wanna be chaste cause I need to worship. 

Let me be your slut boy tonight." 

Dean's stomach churned with offense. The boys were symbols of male subordination and humiliation. He felt anger boil from deep inside as he saw the faces of senior members of staff beaming with raptured excitement. 

"This song is so terribly written. I don't understand how anyone can listen to this crap." he thought. 

Comments were yelled out over the sound of the audience from within the crowd, "Oh yea take it off you dumb bucks!" 

"I'll show you how to behave!" 

"You boys need a spanking!" 

Mary interjected, "Give me a submissive stiffy!" 

Dean was horrified but managed to maintain a straight face. Mary was a married lady who had no compunctions about straying. 

Dean looked across the room to see a man with greying hair sinking into his seat as his wife cheered and hollered at the performance. She was completely focused on the tantalizing teenage temptation and oblivious to her husband's existence. 

A minute into the performance the boys were all naked and hard with their degrading costumes now flung into the audience. Dean did his best to tune it all out and look away. He felt small and insignificant. The boys on stage were all barely over 18, with hairless, fatless bodies that shone under the spotlights. The storm of cheers affirmed them as the universal preference of ladies. They all had larger than average cocks and the ladies around the table began discussing their preferences as if the Dean was no longer there. 

His own jealousy caused him the most shame. Part of him wished that he was the object of feminine lust despite the humiliation that these performers were inuring. 

He had been raised to believe that nudity was a sign of inferiority and that an erection was a confession of subordination meant only for his wife. His mother had always taught him to save himself for a wealthy and mature lady so that he would not bring shame onto her also. She would have seen these strippers as a filthy embarrassment to their mothers but would have greatly enjoyed the spectacle regardless. 

"He's even bigger than you sweetie!" Mary yelled in Dean's ear over the deafening cheers. It was a cruel reminder that all the ladies at work had seen his appearances in several pornographic episodes. 

Without working as a performer for "Lady Babcock Productions" he never could have paid for college and never would have landed a respectable job. But he knew that a humiliating reminder of his past was never far away. 

Soon after starting at the firm, word of his previous career quickly spread. The ladies at the office had all seen him naked and humiliated. He had no idea how many of his coworkers had exploited him for their own private pleasure and he wondered if they would ever see him as anything more than a tool for their gratification. 

Loose flesh sagged from Mary's elderly upper arm as she pointed at a boy who was dancing on stage with an enormous erection. Up close Dean could see her coffee stained teeth and dozens of lines on her face. Her breath was heavily laden with alcohol. 

Dean knew that he was well above average size, but this boy was monstrous. He laughed awkwardly not knowing how to answer. His thoughts were choked up by a tangle of shame and anger. He felt dirty. 

"This ugly old lady actually thinks that she has a chance with me!?" he thought in astonishment. 

He looked away only for his eyes to rest on a couple of boys on stage catwalk rubbing each other's erections as they danced. Just then he noticed that another one of the boys had stepped down from the other end of stage and was amongst the tables. A wave of turning heads followed his oiled perfection with a constant barrage of lewd remarks. 

Dean noticed that the stripper was heading towards him but he didn't dare look. The performer grew closer as he danced his way across the room, stopping to give a lap dance to several appreciative ladies. Many a lady restrained themselves because they knew that touching wasn't allowed. 

Dean was shocked by how comfortable all of the ladies felt; as if this was perfectly normal. He wanted to run but couldn't move. He didn't know what to do. He looked around. Even if he could escape there was no way out. Ladies had crowded in like bees to honey. 

He got up and turned around only to be confronted by Mary and several other ladies that he had never seen before. They had migrated from the table behind them. Mary's arms started waving franticly as if beckoning the entertainer over to her. Several ladies at the table followed her lead. 

Dean felt small. Most of the ladies were a head taller than him in their heels and were, wider and stronger. With a fast approaching monster cock on one side and a wall of ladies on the other he had to make a decision. He turned his body to the side attempted to slide through a gap between Mary and a stranger in the hope that they would make way for him to fit. The two ladies in front of him pretended not to notice his attempt for retreat and subtly closed the gap without taking their eyes off the naked performer. 

Dean felt alone in a room full of old ladies in a post-menopausal carnal frenzy. 

Dean's face was serine but underneath he was panicking. He turned to try to get past the boy coming towards him only to run into him head on. The audience laughed and cheered, the stripper held him close in a sensual embrace and placed a firm kiss on his lips. Dean could see camera flashes going off. 

The performer sat Dean back down on his chair. Dean looked up to see the nude stripper with a gigantic erection looking right at him. His firm erection giggled as if it was a dildo made of hard rubber. 

The collective hollering grew even louder. It was as if everyone but Dean knew what was coming and this made his anxiety escalate to terror. The boy stood with spread legs in front of Dean and rapidly thrust his hips back and forth like a rabid animal causing his charms to shake in a manner pleasing to the feminine audience. The dangerously large cock and impossibly huge balls got closer and closer to Dean's face. 

With a hand on each of Dean's shoulders the stripper danced to the music like mindless slave. For a split second the stripper looked Dean in the eye. Dean saw something that he didn't expect; compassion. 

The look in the boy's eyes said, "I'm sorry. I don't have a choice." 

The song continued to blast over the sound system as the performer began grinding in Dean's lap like a buck. 

"I'm just a sinner, not gonna ascend. 

Wanna worship you and be a buck to the end. 

You ladies make me wanna be a boy forever 

Boy forever 

Boy forever" 

The performer stood up once again but was now close enough for his swinging cock to hit Dean in the cheek. Contact brought and deafening cheer from the audience and camera flashes started going off again. 

Dean could tell that the stripper didn't really like this because his member was beginning to soften. The performer brought a hand down to his cock to give it a couple of pumps before shoving it in Dean's mouth without warning. 

Cheers grew even louder as Dean gaged and jumped back, fully prepared to fall backwards on his chair if only to get the cock out of his mouth. But the back of his head met the soft stomach of a lady who then grabbed him by the hair and put a hand on his shoulder. He felt two more hands on the other shoulder preventing him from standing. 

The stripper started fuck his face with his monstrous boyhood and another wave of camera flashes went off. Dean coughed and gaged as the oversized cock was crammed down his throat and his big balls slapped his chin to the music. 

"I need discipline from a lady who knows what she wants 

One who can teach me what my body was made for." 

Seconds later, the cock was mercifully pulled from Deans mouth eliciting a cough and splutter. A long string of saliva still connected Dean's lips to the intimidating cock like hot cheese. The stripper backed away and moved on for the next verse. 
