  Still considering ideas for part three, feel free to shoot me some ideas and you may just be a part of the next (final?) chapter.

*****

Just a recap 9 years ago I went to Cancun where I met and made love to a beautiful mermaid named Genevieve. After having sex she left back to the depths of the Caribbean. Since then I have been going back the same week every year I have also saved enough money to buy a beach front house in South-western Florida to which I have completely relocated, new job, new life, etc. I even won a jackpot from the local lottery!

Four years ago I finally saw Genevieve again this time with a small girl that had the same dark brown hair I have come swimming over to The Loving Stone. I just sat there in disbelief how similar the two looked and then the little one spoke to Genevieve who gave a one word answer and the little girl came bolting towards me with my love following close behind. 

The girl used her momentum to fling herself out of the water strait towards me and tackled me in a big hug and cried "DADDY!" I caught her kinda confused as she lay on the rock her tail splitting into two young legs becoming an average 5 year old girl. Genevieve stopped short of the rock and did a stationary leap onto the rock landing next to me in a sitting position. 

Noting my confusion Genevieve introduced me "Richard, this is your daughter Pearl."

"HI DADDY!" Pearl said with that 5 year old enthusiasm.

"Hello Pearl. It's great to meet you." I replied sweetly almost tearing up that this beautiful little girl was mine. "You know, I recently moved to Florida if you ever want to visit." I continued and my daughters face lit up.

"Mommy when can we go visit daddy?"

"I don't know where he lives." Genevieve said to our precious little girl. Then she continued to me "Is there any way you could bring us?"

"I could buy a bout since I do have a dock and we could bee-line strait there you'd just have to swim down a ways if we met any coast guard." I replied "It's a long way but would that work for you two?"

Genevieve nodded with approval and we agreed to meet at the marina the next morning due to the bus schedule I ended up being half an hour early which was perfect since there was a lot of paperwork and a call to my credit card company and some codes to put in letting them know that I was buying a boat in Mexico and that it wasn't fraud. Anyway I finished the paperwork and got the keys and gas to make it all the way home just as Genevieve and Pearl came inside the building. Pearl ran over and gave my leg a big while Genevieve strolled over and gave me a quick kiss and I could see the salesman's envy of my amazing family.

As we walked down the dock of luxury boats till we came across an average size boat with a diving platform in the back I then loaded up stuff from the grocery store I stopped at on my way to the marina and carried Pearl on my back to a seat in the front right next to the cooler full of supplies for the trip and a grill for hot dogs and burgers. I asked Genevieve about the diets of mermaids and she told me that they are omnivores just like humans.

On our way to Florida the girls couldn't get over the hot dogs and hamburgers for lunch and they were more than happy to catch fish for dinner diving strait in bare handed and coming up with a big tuna or whatever (I'm no fisherman). All in all it was just a great trip from Cancun. We then docked in Cuba at about 10 at night and we filled up and restocked without too much hassle and where an our way again by 1 in the morning so I decided to stop for a few hours and set down the anchor. And Genevieve had put Pearl to bed a few hours before we got to Cuba leaving just Genevieve and myself. After a shared bottle of wine I decided to sleep some before we continued.

As I lay in my bed being gently rocked to sleep by the swells of the ocean, the door creaked open and an inky figure stood in the doorway. The shape moved silently until it stood on the unoccupied side of the king bed and sat down.

"Be very quiet mermaids have great hearing." a naked Genevieve whispered to me as she crawled under the covers and inched her way backwards till she was the little spoon. I do sleep naked and since this was my boat, that night was no different was no different. As my lover slid back she stroked my cock till I was rock hard then impaled her own ass with my rigid member. I had to bite my pillow to keep from grunting in pleasure from how tight the sphincter was, but so did Genevieve. She then proceeded to reach back and toy with my balls while I reached forward to stimulate her clit and her right nipple since we both where laying on our right sides. Soon I had her cuming. As her body spasmed from her waves of pleasure the muscles in her ass massaged my dick and I couldn't hold back any longer as I brought her to a second orgasm I came myself. And together we fell asleep just like that.

We woke to midmorning sun and a young girl bouncing on us half telling, half yelling at us to get up. I'm not sure if I will ever get over how much energy this kid has. I told her to go to the table for some cereal and got the most hilarious yet un-comprehensive looks from my daughter and her mother.

"You know cereal? Little flaky pieces of flavored bread you eat with milk?" I questioned.

"Hey, I know this is new to you that you are part of a family of mermaids now, but think how weird this is for us. We are used to kelp, sponges, coral, crustaceans, and fish." Genevieve reminded me.

"Ok let me put my shorts on and I'll show you." I told her with a slight interrogative undertone.

"YAY BREAKFAST WITH DADDY!" Pearl squealed.

After I put on my underwear and cargo shorts I went to the pantry that I had stuck the Cheerios in, grabbed the box, 3 bowls, and 3 spoons then went to the cooler for milk. Once I had everything on the table I started to pour the cereal then the milk then I stuck a spoon in each bowl constantly aware of the ever-present yet completely mystified little eyes of my daughter.

When finished I called for Genevieve who was in the bathtub cleaning herself when she came in I could just see the last of her scales disappearing. Once we were all at the table I passed the bowls out with the smallest amount to Pearl, then Genevieve, and keeping the last for my self. I gotta say not as hard as I thought it was going to be to teach them how to eat cereal.

After breakfast I decided to go swimming with the girls but told them that I couldn't swim as fast. So Genevieve stuck with me at my slow pace, but Pearl was zipping around us jumping and diving around us. Finally declaring I needed a rest I told the girls that I was just going on the lowest deck and would be right there and I was when suddenly I saw both mermaids dive deep then come rocketing back up. The leapt into the air and onto the boat one after the other first Pearl who I caught with ease and set down on a chair, then Genevieve with whom I fell on my ass after I caught her. I finally asked why they came out so quickly.

Out of breath Genevieve responded "The only thing that hunts mermaids with the intent of killing."

"Which is?" I asked with serious concern for my family.

"Sharks" the girls stated in unison. Genevieve continued from there: "Your scientists believe that sharks hunt seals, right?"

"Yes." I replied 

"Well they're half right, because to the sharks we look and taste alike but we are the prey of choice for most sharks, which is why so many surfers get attacked."

"The boards make us look like mermaids?" I asked to make sure I understood.

"Exactly." Genevieve confirmed.

"Ok. Shall we continue to Florida?" I asked to change the subject, and with two nodding heads I raised the anchor and started the boat to finish the 90 mile journey from Havana to Florida. 

Finally after finishing the day enjoyably uneventful after casting off we pulled into my dock just as the sun was beginning to set. As soon as the boat was tied off and unloaded I grabbed a bottle of wine and two glasses and sat in the edge of the dock with Genevieve.

"To a truly magical family" I toasted. We clinked glasses and kissed before we drank. The first glass reminded me that I had to give the grand tour of the house in which the second to last stop was Pearls room, previously decorated for a young dolphin obsessed girl, fitting my daughter perfectly. Pearl showed her excitement by running and jumping all over the room. Once we calmed her down and tucked in, I got her a glass of water as her mother told her a bedtime story. In no time at all she was out in the plush bed. Hugging a stuffed dolphin tightly. Next stop my room with a king size bed and a bunch of deep sea paraphernalia like nautilus shells, a taxidermy sail fish, and other assorted stuff I was vaguely familiar with but I figured I would have to redecorate one because my girlfriend is kind of a fish and two it just wasn't me.

The second glass of wine got us feeling good and the rest got us horny and tipsy in that order. It was a good thing that Pearl was on the other side of the house. Because as soon as I closed that door and stumbled to the bed we couldn't keep our hands or mouths off each other. We were kissing and groping each other like our lives depended on it. I no time at all we had stripped naked and continued our groping as I played with her tits and pussy while she fondled my dick and balls.

I decided to let her continue this as she humped my fingers against my hip as I lay on my back. Her soft hair flowed down her back and over the bed smelling of the sea for obvious reasons. She used her powerful leg and back muscles, built up from swimming, to grind into me. It felt so good having the love of my life stroking my dick while bringing herself to a climax time and time again against my leg. As my memories drifted back to the first time Genevieve and I met. Soon my mind was snapped back to the present.

"What's wrong?" Genevieve asked as she kissed my lips gently.

"Nothing." I smiled back. "Just thinking about the first time we met in Mexico, and how amazing it was!"

With that she rolled on top of me kissing me hard forcing her tongue into my mouth while gliding along the underside of my dick with her pussy lips. The feeling was exquisite for both of us as she came twice more just kissing and sliding along my cock. Finally with with the room hot from the foreplay, and our sex drives raging Genevieve lifted off of me and in a quick movement sat right back dawn with my dick in her warm, wet, tight pussy. We found our rhythm on that bed. Her slamming down as I drove up to meet in the middle where my balls flew up slapping her ass and her tits flying wildly. The force, the timing, her beauty, all driving me crazy until her final orgasm of the night where the tightening of her inner walls caused me to spew like a volcano of hot sperm into her waiting womb. As she lay down on top of me breathing hard from excitement and exhaustion staring lovingly into my eyes I kissed her again and passed out. 

Sometime in the night she had rolled off of me because when I awoke the next morning she was sleeping peacefully on top of my arm cuddled into me. Ever so carefully I slid my arm from under her and threw some athletic shorts and an old t-shirt on to go make breakfast. Scrambled eggs, toast and bacon. Another mundane thing for humans but extraordinary for my girlfriend and daughter. Next thing I knew I had two little arms around my thigh hugging tightly and my daughter saying "Good morning Daddy! What's for breakfast? More cereal?!" She said looking hopeful.

"No, sorry to disappoint sweetie. This morning I made scrambled eggs, toast, and bacon." I replied. "Now why don't you go get your mom so we can eat?"

"OK!" And with that she was off running towards my room excitedly yelling "MOMMY! MOMMY, DADDY HAS BREAKFAST!"

The sight of a groggy Genevieve being pulled to the table by Pearl warmed my heart. As they sat down I served breakfast again giving my daughter the smallest portion. This time around they seemed to know what to do. Genevieve was a little hesitant on the bacon but tried it and loved it and Pearl scarfed her food. I was a little afraid she would choke but didn't. As she made it to the toast I cut two small pieces off and buttered one and put grape jelly on the other and told her to try both of them before she ate the rest she loved the jelly and asked for it on the rest of her slice of toast. Genevieve did the same for herself and chose the butter. I then offered coffee to Genevieve who accepted and enjoyed the warm drink.

Later in the day after we all bathed and dressed I took the girls to the zoo where they oohed and aahed at the land animals. Once we got to the aquarium section, which was blessedly low in visitors, the girls carried on a solid 20 minute conversation with a dolphin that told them of a near by mer-village after they said they lived near Cancun to which the dolphin told them she had relatives there (I was filled in after the chat).

During the drive back, Genevieve told me she needed to see her people again to send a message that afternoon if I could watch Pearl and I was more than happy to. I took my daughter to the park where she ran and jumped and just had a ball while I sat with the other parents watching our kids making idle chit-chat asking about our kids. When Bob Dow, a local store owner, asked about my little social butterfly and why nobody had ever seen her before and I told them the half truth: "I had never seen her either before this past week, let alone known she was even born. After I hooked up with her mother in Cancun, I thought that was the end of it." At this point Sister Cortez from the Catholic Church dropped her jaw and was about to give me one of her famous scoldings when I quickly covered myself by saying "I did repent for my sins afterward." Then continued telling that Genevieve was the reason I kept going to Cancun every year in the hope of making a true relationship.

As I concluded my story of what happened, leaving out the parts that they would call fiction, I was rewarded by being told that I had a great romance life and that I was "so sweet" and all that other stuff.

All of a sudden I heard Pearl scream and I was with her faster than you could blink. Taking care of her first scraped knee was better than expected, fortunately Lisa Brown had brought a first aid kit (most likely for the twins). I got the large, shallow cut cleaned and bandaged to some applause from the other parents.

"You know, Richard, you just might make a good dad!" Bob said jokingly.

"Thanks Bob!" I replied. And with that Pearl went back to playing.

Within a couple hours the kids got tired and we all went our separate ways. The drive home was fairly uneventful aside from passing a 'crazy guy' with a sign yelling "mermaids are real!" and I couldn't help but think how right you are. We pulled into the driveway just as Genevieve was coming ashore from visiting the nearby village of mer-people. She carried a puka shell necklace with a large multi colored scale in the middle that had a large heart cut from it. I figured it had been one of hers, and I was right she had one removed for the necklace which for them is no big deal cause scales are like hair I guess and hurt being pulled out but grow back. She then placed the necklace on my neck and kissed me. That night we just went inside ate a dinner of fried cod, the girls loved the fried part but where used to the cod, then went to bed.

In the morning I found an empty house and a note on the table explaining that the girls had to go back to the sea but would be back the next weekend. I was heartbroken but understood.

To be continued...