 It is very hard for me to get used to the people of Thruxoris: they are loud, aggressive and arrogant. I should have guessed it: when I met Cholonto, that was made him different from the men of my home planet. Cholonto swept away my heart and I married him without thinking about how difficult it might be to get used to living a long way from home.

I am starting to feel very lonely. I have had no news from my family for far too long. I smile at Cholonto, but I think that he sees that I am not really happy. I wish for the more cultured, dignified ways of home. It is also painful to say goodbye to Cholonto for his long business trips.

The biggest adaptation for me has been the different views on sex. They talk about it all the time. They put it into every aspect of their society. And they are very free about it. They do have strict sexual mores, but I don't understand them yet. I don't want to. I just want to be close to Cholonto.

This has tended to isolate me from the Thruxorians. Still, I have managed to make one friend: Mashuni. I am able to talk to her about a thousand things. While we are talking it seems that time goes by more quickly. At least, she does most of the talking. She is interesting and witty. I feel like a complete wallflower while she is around.

Sometimes she can be a trial though. Like most Thruxorians, her favorite topic of conversation is sex. This is very embarrassing. She describes in detail about what she does with her husband. She uses terms like 'fuck' and 'cunt' that we would never dream of using back home. It is not bothering as much as it used to. Maybe I am getting used to the blunt ways of Thruxoris.

Mashuni has often told me about sex with a so-called Friend. I was scared to ask her what that was, and just assumed that she was using a pet name for her husband. It did not seem to fit the context, but I was not going to interrupt Mashuni just to look like an idiot.

Just yesterday she was in the middle of describing another amazing sex act when she suddenly stopped and looked at me with surprise. "Calenta, do you know what a Friend is?"

I miserably shook my head.

Mashuni seemed stunned. "I suppose one should not be too surprised considering that you were so protected in your childhood," she said, implying that I come from a desperately backward and na‹ve place that was completely out of touch with the rest of the Galaxy.

She may have been right, but I did my best to look at her as regally and composedly as I could. The pose did not really fit me, and I felt only the more ridiculous for it.

Mashuni laughed out loud. "You are such a darling girl," she exclaimed, forgetting that we are the same age. "Let me explain. A Friend is a fucktoy." She stopped short. "Don't you don't know what a fucktoy is either?"

I laughed. "We call it a dildo," I said, thinking that I was finally seeing the light.

Mashuni snorted indignantly. "No self-respecting woman uses a dildo here," she said. "A fucktoy is a live person that takes care of his or her owner's sexual needs."

"But what about your husband?" I gasped. "Doesn't he get jealous if you have sex with another man?"

"Why should he be jealous?" Mashuni asked with disdain. "I am married to my husband, and he is the only one that I love. The others are there for convenience. I own them, not the other way round."

"What if you fell in love with your Friend?" I asked, intrigued.

"I would never allow that to happen," Mashuni said. "Love is a decision, not a feeling. I will continue to choose to love my husband no matter what happens between me and my Friends."

Mashuni looked at me, wondering whether her message had gotten through. Her temporary silence gave me the chance to put another question. "Doesn't your husband think its unfair that you have other lovers?"

"No, he doesn't. In fact, we share our fucktoys, both male and female." Mashuni seemed to find it incomprehensible that anyone could not follow such simple logic. She felt that she had to say something more. "Besides, I don't have lovers: I don't love my Friends. They are only sex toys."

My mind was racing at the consequences. I knew that Thruxorians have no qualms about having sex with members of the same sex, but somehow it did seem very strange to share sexual partners with your spouse. I grabbed a new avenue of attack. "Are Friends people or androids?"

"They are real people. They are slaves, just like the maids and the gardeners and the security staff. What is wrong with that? We make sure to keep our Friends happy." She giggled. "None of my Friends complain about fucking me." 

I could imagine that no one would have problems in having sex with her. She is a stunning woman. Thruxorian standards dictate that their royal wives be beautiful both inside and outside. Of course, outside beauty is far easier to spot than inside beauty. I deliberately push away some spiteful thoughts about some of my very pretty neighbors that do not quite meet my standards of inner beauty.

Mashuni flutters her eyelids at me. Certain that she is flirting with me, and profoundly uncomfortable with having anything to with another woman, and a married one at that, I rush to a direct statement.

"Cholonto is different," I say fiercely. "He would never do that."

"How strange that you should say that," Mashuni says softly. "On Thruxoris royal men traditionally receive their first Friend at age eighteen. Cholonto was no different from other men. In fact, he had a group of ten Friends before he married you. He sold them because he did not want to offend you." She looked at me directly. "I am sure that he sees it as a huge sacrifice."

"Where do you buy these... Friends?"

"Friends are very expensive, so there are few good places. The best, and most expensive is called Intimate Friends. Surely you've seen it? Their slogan is 'You will never be the same again.'"

"That seems like a bold statement," I said. "I have seen far too many shops make claims that are impossible to meet."

"This is the one place that lives up to its name," Mashuni said, wriggling a little in her clothes. I suddenly realized that her clothes were so skimpy she might just as well be naked. I made a quick excuse to leave before she tried to seduce me by force. I really had to go: for the first time in my life it seemed remotely interesting to make love (excuse the old-fashioned wording) to a woman.

I decided to verify whether Mashuni had been honest with me. After a few calls I was certain that she had told me nothing but the simple truth. Some people even looked down on Cholonto for giving up his Friends before we married. The unanimous opinion was that if I truly loved him, I would not force him to stay monogamous. Their logic is that everyone knows that it is not natural for a person to be stuck with only one partner.

I wrestled with the problem all night. Back at home the answers seemed so easy. Here everything is different.

Last night I stayed awake long after Cholonto fell asleep, satiated with the love I gave him. He was very good, and my body was also satisfied, but still I could not sleep.

My dilemma was simple: how was I to respond to the news I had received?

Early this morning I made my decision. As I love Cholonto, it is my duty to love him unconditionally. By holding him to norms and standards that are not his own, I am harming him. Firstly, he is not being held in the high regard that he deserves. Secondly, he is suffering because he has to live a life that is completely foreign to his ways. If I am not careful, he could even come to hold that against me.

When he woke early this morning, I was still awake. I simply asked him what sort of Friend he preferred. I have never seen him so pleased. "I told Mother and Father that you would learn our ways," he proclaimed proudly. "Just choose one that you think I'd like."

"Won't you come along to help me?" I asked in surprise.

He couldn't; he had to make final preparations for his next long cruise. He even quickly briefed me about what to expect when buying a Friend. 

I do not feel enlightened at all. The gap between us is too large. I hope that in going through with this I shall be doing something to bring us closer.

Still, I have decided to get a nice woman. I want her to be sexy so that Cholonto can brag with her. It's easy to figure: the sexier the Friend, the higher her price, and also higher the prestige of her owner.

So here I am outside Intimate Friends, the shop Mashuni recommended. It seems small and unlikely to deliver on its promise - 'You will never be the same again.' I push away my prejudices. I am only buying my husband a very sexy present.

I walk into the shop very uncertainly. I can't help feeling very young and inexperienced.

My eyes stretch at the photographs on the walls. Could this really be? I am about to turn around when a tall, graceful woman catches my eye. The saleslady is wearing a smart business suit that gives her feminine yet business-like look. She approaches me with a cool professionalism that causes me to wilt. I want to give Cholonto, my husband, a very special present, and that is all that keeps me from running away.

"Good morning," the lady says in a warm tone. "Can I help you?"

"Yes, please. It's my husband's birthday and I want to buy him a fucktoy," I say, trying to sound as nonchalant as possible.

"What price range were you thinking of?"

"This is a very special present, and I can afford the very best," I say.

"These toys are expensive. Last week I sold one for twenty million credits. Can you afford that?"

"I said I can afford the best," I say slightly petulantly. I feel my re-assurance start to return.

"Is it for a birthday present?" the lady asks, her interest definitely roused. Perhaps she's wondering how she is going to spend the commission on this deal.

"It's just a present. I love my husband very much, and I think he will have much pleasure-" My voice fades away. I sound foolish and childlike.

"I have several regular female clients. They are all very satisfied." The lady pauses, as if waiting for me to give her some cue. I am still a little intimidated. "Will you be doing a trade-in?"

"Not this time," I say, trying to sound more mature than I feel.

She takes out a large flat Tablet. I can see that it is a top of the range model with a high resolution screen and an advanced Personality. I have heard of them, but have never actually seen one.

I agree to an ID check. "I shall use this to obtain details of yourself and your husband for the purposes of helping me to find the toy that best meets your need."

The lady hands me a glass of summer elixir. I enjoy the cool sweet taste on this hot day. The office looks just like any other office except that every wall is covered with photographs of handsome men and women, sometimes alone, and sometimes in groups. They are all skimpily dressed and showing every sign of enjoying themselves.

That is why I am here: to give my husband a sexy, fun present. I feel warm inside. I cannot wait to surprise my Cholonto.

"What are your requirements?" the lady asks.

"I want something good looking," I reply.

As I respond to the lady. I can see that she has set her tablet's background to show good-looking males, most of them completely naked. As she works, the pictures change. I wonder how she can concentrate on her work with so much to distract her.

"Are you looking for a male or female toy?"

"Definitely female." That was easy. The Tablet immediately responds. The pictures shown on the screen are now all female, all very sexy.

"Would you be wanting to share the toy with your husband?" the woman asks quickly, maintaining her professional attitude.

I blush. I have never been into girls. Still, some people think that is frightfully prudish. Maybe I could try it soon. I feel my body respond to the idea. "That could be very interesting," I stammer. The display of naked women on her tablet is starting to get to me. I am feeling sexier and sexier by the minute. I am slightly puzzled: I have never looked at another woman.

Well, almost never...

"How busy will the toy be?"

"Excuse me?" I say, not understanding.

"Does your husband have unusual drive? Will he be sharing her with his friends? Will the toy be expected to provide service to other servants?"

"Oh no, she will just be for my husband, and only once a week." I most definitely want to have most of Cholonto, but I know that he needs a little variety. "And maybe myself too," I add with a smile. Maybe I can win from this idea after all...

"Good. That means that we can offer you some of our more delicate models," the lady observes. "What build of woman would your husband prefer: small, medium or large?"

"Does it matter?" I ask bewildered.

"Most men have an ideal size that they enjoy most. What part of your body does husband like best?"

"My breasts. He loves to touch them."

"Let me guess. You wear a C cup, don't you?" 

I nod.

"I think we'll get something that is a little smaller than you," the sales assistant muses. "But with slightly larger breasts. For that I will need to take your measurements. I can use the Tablet to do that. Do I have your permission to proceed?"

"Yes, you may," I say, having only a slight idea of what is coming.

She takes off a cover from the Tablet and points it as me. "Please stand up and turn around."

I do so, then sit down. To my surprise a picture is instantly displayed on the screen showing a very beautiful naked woman. I can see her beautifully proportioned breasts and every hair on her vagina. She has a studied look on her face.

It is me.

I look at her agape. "How did you do that?" I ask.

"Several specialist Tablets have the ability to scan people," she says carefully. "One needs to have a special license to own one and the verbal permission of the person being scanned. You gave me that permission. Are you offended?"

"No problem." I smile. She already has far more data on me than my bra size.

How can I be offended? The picture is very flattering even though it is very revealing. Just the very thought that I am on the same screen as the other women were makes me feel giddy.

"Should the toy be longer or shorter than you?"

"I think a little shorter."

As the interview continues, the pictures that are shown on the Tablet's screen reflect my ideas. 

But something has changed. I appear in each of the pictures with the woman. The lady anticipates my question. "You appear on the picture so that you can see your build in relationship to the toy."

It makes sense, but I am not sure that I fully believe her. I feel my will expand.

"What skin color should the toy have?" the lady asks.

"She should be the same as me," I say positively. I don't have any urge for some of the interracial fantasies I have heard. Maybe we can do that later.

"What age range do you prefer?" she asks.

"I think I want one a little older than myself," I say quickly.

"Excellent," the lady says reassuringly. "That eliminates our Learner series (all women over the age of 18). We have a very wide range of choice that meet your physical specification." She pauses. "There are two ranges that would meet your requirements," she says carefully. "Our Matron Range of toys tend to have a slightly larger build. Perhaps our Expert Range will be a better fit. These are ladies that have been trained in satisfying real men like your husband, but do not yet show the years, if you know what I mean. Which would you prefer?" She pauses, looking me in the eye. The Tablet displays pictures of various women. They are now naked and openly displaying their genitals. I am getting quite excited too.

"I think I will have an Expert then," I reply. "Are they really that good?"

"That is a very wise choice. Yes, our models are superb, guaranteed to be very pliable to the women in the house, look good in any home and are fully trained," she says encouragingly. "Moreover, because arrangements like these can be challenging at times, we give Ladies of the House a toll-free support line. If at any time you are unsatisfied with your purchase, you may return it, no questions asked."

"That's very helpful," I say.

The pictures on the Tablet are now older women than myself, but very attractive. They ooze lust and desire. Worse, the pictures show us kissing or otherwise petting one another.

"I have never done something like that before," I say confused. "How did you get a picture like that?"

"The Tablet is simply drawing the scene as it may have looked if you had done it." The lady says smilingly. "You like it?"

It is not a question, but a statement. I squirm, trying to squeeze my legs closed. I am not going to let this arouse me any further. It will not do.

"Do you have any particular choice of hair color?"

The Tablet displays women in batches: red hair, blonde hair, raven and shades. I look at each one closely. A brunette is shown touching me between my legs. A blonde kisses me. In each picture I am the object of desire. I bring myself back to the subject.

"I had not thought of that. Does it matter?"

She is very patient. "Not at all. But some men seem to prefer their toys to look like some ideal. Of course this might very easily be arranged: we can permanently change the hair color of the chosen woman if necessary. However, it is so much more satisfactory for all parties if we don't meddle with hair color." She pauses. "I assume then that it does not matter so much."

"That is correct," I say with all the decisively. The Tablet must be fully aware that my pussy is drooling. I am more in control than ever. It feels sexy knowing that my sexual responses are being monitored.

"Thank you for your assistance. I now understand what you require. We are now ready to move to the next stage of the purchase. Based on your answers to our questions, we have identified a special selection of our toys that we believe will suit you." The sales manager looks at her tablet. I see a light flashing, and she smiles. "There are several thousand candidates that meet your requirement to some degree. We have narrowed this down to twenty based on your psychological profile as well as those of your husband. I think that we will settle for the top three for the moment. Is that acceptable?"

I nod, my mouth dry, but my body keening for more.

The Tablet displays the pictures. I am astounded: they are all exceptionally beautiful. I am surprised to see that all three women have jet black hair. I immediately approve. Somehow the Tablet knew...

The first woman is naked and lounging back on a bed. Her posture is haughty, as if she is certain of the effect that she is creating. Her full, red lips seem to be issuing a challenge. She is also highly aroused, her well-proportioned breasts on proud display. Her wide open legs are pointing straight at an observer in the picture, inviting the woman to sample her charms. The observer is me, of course, equally naked and with my fingers between my legs.

The second picture is of a shorter woman with a wicked smile winking as she kisses her lover. She seems to be purring with pleasure and anticipation as the lover touches her breasts. The lover is an image of me, of course.

My heart leaps at the third picture. I am captivated instantly. This woman is shy. Unlike the other two, one cannot see her breasts or her genitals: her hands cover both. Still, she has a simple look of sexual need burning in her eyes. The picture shows me gently kissing her whilst drawing her hands away from her body.

"Her name is Ripensia," the lady says helpfully.

I am fascinated.

The other two pictures disappear, and the third picture fills the whole screen. The picture starts rolling, and I realize that the Tablet has generated a movie with the two of us.
