 "You may now kiss the bride." 

I watched as my dad kissed my mom to make it official, so to speak. We were in Vegas and my parents just renewed their wedding vows. It was kind of cool to see because, of course, I wasn't around for the first time they did it.

I'm their 18 year old son and they got married the first time 20 years ago, when mom was 20 and dad was 21. 

It was kind of bitter sweet for me because I got to see them get married, but now what do I do? I'm an 18 year old kid, fresh out of high school, in Vegas, and no one to hang out with. I would assume my folks are gonna go back to their room and do the newlywed thing, if you know what I mean.

Yes, they've been together for 20 years but no, by looking at them you would never believe they were 40 and 41 years old respectively. 

Dad was a workout machine and really liked to keep in shape and mom, well....she was just as a fanatic at the gym. So much so she teaches Zumba 5 days a week, 2 classes a day. To say both of them look good is an understatement. 

Since dad and I like to hang out together, most people who don't know us assume he's my older brother.

What can I say about my mom, a 40 year old redhead that can pass as 25 anywhere she goes. Need I say more?

So there we were, at the wedding chapel and the folks just got hitched again. The rice was thrown, the small crowd of people who were there cheered and that was that. 

Dad had made reservations for the 3 of us at some swanky place for dinner. I would assume he wanted to get food in his system so he could have all that energy for the rest of the night, at least that's what I would do. Heck, even though she's my mom, I know she's a total knock out. Couple that with the dance moves she does in her Zumba classes, I can only assume she's got to be wild in the bedroom. At least in my thoughts she is! 

We were sitting at the restaurant and I said, "Well, I'll bet you two are gonna have fun tonight."

"Zack, stop saying stuff like that, I'm your mother," she said with a smile and a blush.

"It's ok son, I don't mind. Besides, you're probably right. You mother has already told me she has a lot planned for me tonight," Dad said smiling while looking at mom.

My mom gave my dad an "I can't believe you just said that" kind of shocking look, all the time with a little devilish smile. About that time our server came and was clearing off our finished meal dishes. He was an older gentlemen, kind of Oriental looking and politely said, "Excuse me, I don't mean to interrupt, but I can't help but noticing you're celebrating a joyous occasion. May I ask what it is?"

"My parents just renewed their wedding vows."

"Oh, congratulations!" he said. May all you dreams and wishes come true."

"Thank you," my mother told him, "I'm sure they will."

"Especially tonight!" my dad said which prompted a little kick under the table from mom.

The server chuckled and walked away.

"So, what are you doing tonight, Zack?" my dad asked me.

"Well, my options are limited, being 18 years old, not much I can do in Vegas."

"Oh, I see." Dad said as he reached in his pocked. "You're mother and I have already thought of this and we did something we aren't supposed to, but we figured you had sacrificed these last few days with us, so we wanted to do something for you"

He pulled out an ID from his pocket and handed it to me. On it I saw my name, Zack Klein, Jr. (after my dad) and my picture, all the correct data about my address and stuff, but the date of birth date was set 4 years earlier.

"What's this all about?" I asked with a puzzled look.

"You know Harvey, my buddy that works at the License Branch. Well, I asked him to do me a favor and make up this ID for you because of what's going on this weekend. He's gone out on a limb and did this for me....I mean you...but we have to give it back to him when we get back, some sort of paper work thing. Long story short, for this weekend, you'll be 22 years old!"

"And," my mother added, "just to sweeten the pot, we've already got you tickets to the hottest night club in Vegas! We want you to stay out all night and have as much fun as you possibly can!"

"WOW! This is great! I can't believe this! You two are the best!"

"Glad you like it son, we know how much you like to dance, so we hope all goes well for you tonight. When I was 18, I would have given my right arm to have this kind of opportunity in Vegas!" dad said as our waiter came back to the table.

"Can I offer a complimentary after dinner drink for the happy couple?" he said.

"Oh, I don't drink," said my mom, "but you can give mine to my son, is that ok?"

"Not an issue. What would the gentlemen like?"

"Let's just keep it simple son, just a quick shot of Jack Daniels and we'll be good to go."

"Sounds good to me, dad"

"Very well," said our server, "I'll be right back."

"I'll let you two have some guy-time, I'm going to powder my nose." Said Mom as she got up and left the table.

I was still in shock about the ID and tickets and was still thanking Dad when the server brought our drinks back to the table.

"I wish I could be 18...er, 22....again and enjoy this night with you son."

"I wish I could hook up with a hot chick and have the same kind of fun you and mom are gonna have tonight, dad!" we both said chuckling to each other.

"Here you go gentlemen, two Jack Daniels, complements of our staff and I put my own special "congrats" dust on it as well. Enjoy." He said with a weird grin as he left the table.

"Too a great night....for both of us" my dad said as we clinked our glasses and downed our shots.

I swallowed the drink and then, for about 2 seconds, I blacked out. When I came back, the setting was weird. I was sitting on the other side of the table and I was looking at....ME!

I opened my mouth and my dad's voice came out. "What the heck?"

And the other "me" said the same thing. Here I was, looking at myself but talking with my dad's voice.

We were both puzzled and in shock and the server came back, grinning and said, "My special "congrats" was a little powder passed down from generations ago within my family. It grants the last wish for the person who drinks it for 24 hours. What did you two wish for?"

"Oh Shit!" was the words I heard coming out of "me". "How do we change this!" we demanded to the server. "You can't, it lasts for 24 hours. What did you two wish for?" He asked.

"Never mind" I said with Dad's voice. "Just get out of here."

About that time, mom came back and sat down next to me, err....dad....whoever I was at this point. 

"You two look frazzled." She said. "Were the shots that bad?" 

"Unbelievable." Dad said in my voice. "I gotta go use the restroom. I'll be right back."

"I gotta go too." I said in dad's voice. I got up to leave and mom grabbed my hand and pulled me down to her and brought her lips to mine. "I love you, thanks for marrying me" was what I heard as she put something in my hand. "Just a little present for what's in store for you when we get back to our room." 

I opened my hand and there was a little back thong. She must have taken it off in the rest room. I walked to the men's room and put it in my pocked so my dad, I mean I, wouldn't see it.

I walked in the restroom and I saw me, looking at myself in the mirror. 

"What are we gonna do" I said looking in the mirror. But the words I said were in dad's voice and coming out of his body! 

"What can we do at this point?" dad said in my voice from my body.

"This is too weird, we gotta get out of this mess. I can't go around looking like you! I can't go to a club as you."

"And I can't go back to our hotel looking like you." And then dad got a scared look on his face. "Holly shit! Our hotel! This is gonna be bad for both of us."

All rational out the window, I said "Well dad, we did both wish for this, didn't we? You said you wanted to go clubbing as an 18 year old and I said I wanted to hook up with a hot chick. We both know mom is hot."

"As far as the rest of the world goes, you're still you and I'm still me. Let's just go with the flow and have fun with it."

Dad, in my body, thought about it for a minute and said, "I guess we have no choice. Let's pull ourselves together and go back out there with Julie."

"You had better call her mom, not Julie." I told him.

We went back out to our table. Mom, I mean Julie, was ready to go. We went out, flagged down a cab and went back to our hotel. 

As we're walking down the lobby of the hotel, my mom grabs my hand and snuggles up against me. I look at dad, I mean me, I mean Zack, and he has a look of shock. I shrug my shoulders and give him a little smile as to say "she's all mine tonight" and kept walking.

"Have fun tonight, Zack," I tell him. "We won't be waiting up for you." As I watch him close the door to my, I men his, room as I keep walking to his, I mean mine.

My mom whispers to me, "Oh, you'll be up alright, but you won't be waiting, that's for sure." 

I'm a bit nervous, but I'm getting excited already and my mom, I mean Julie, can sense it and says "My Zack, you are more excited than I thought you would be. It's as if you were 21 years old again on our first honeymoon." she says giggling a bit.

I felt myself growing erect.

We opened the door to the room, went inside and I pinned mom against the wall and started kissing her! Man, I wanted her so bad and I couldn't wait much longer. When her tongue went in my mouth for that first time, the feeling was indescribable! I have never had a kiss with that much passion in my life.

She pulled away and said "Zack, you've never kissed me like that before. It's as if you're kissing me for the first time. This night is starting off better than I thought."

I then wrapped my arms around her and threw her on the bed. She didn't hold back, she was going just as much as I was.

"Zack, my pussy has been waiting for you all day. Could you feel how wet my panties were when I handed them to you?" Then she glued her mouth to mine.

I then remembered the thong she had given me that I put in my pocket. Wait a minute, that must mean she's not wearing anything under that silk dress. I slowly reached down and grabbed the dress and started hiking it up, all the while my mom's tongue was in my mouth exploring it like a mad woman.

I got the dress up just high enough and put my hand between her legs. Then I felt it, I felt my mom's pussy for the first time. The heat coming out of it was almost as intense as the wetness all around it. 

"oooooooo, Zack. You don't know how much I need you inside me right now...." She moaned and I slid one finger into that moist slice of heaven. 

She pulled me closer and started biting my earlobe. Then she whispered something in my ear that I will never forget...."Zack, I want that hard prick of yours in my hand right now."

I took her hand and slid it down to my pants and like and expert, she undid the belt and pants with one hand. She reached down the inside of my pants, but stayed outside my shorts, and started caressing the cloth around my shaft. 

I had to say something, "Julie," I had to remember to call her Julie and not mom, "take it out and stroke me." 

I didn't have to ask her twice. She pushed down my shorts and for the first time, at least for me (I'm sure Dad had this done many times), my mother took my prick in her hands and was stroking me!

I thought I was gonna bust a nut right there....it felt so incredible!

I kept massaging her pussy while she was stoking me off. I thought I was dreaming.

I rolled her over and pushed her up further on the bed. I got between her legs and pushed that silk dress up to around her waist, leaned down and was face to face with an incredibly gorgeous sight! Her scent was incredible, and as I looked closer, there wasn't a speck of hair anywhere to be seen! OMG! I was like a kid in a candy store, I didn't know where to start or what to go for first! I began slightly blowing cool air on her clit and heard her say, "Stop teasing me Zack, suck my pussy!"

When she said "Zack", she was referring to her husband, but since that's my name as well, I got me even more excited knowing my own mother wants me to suck her bald pussy! Of course, to her, I WAS her husband. I was still confused, but also horny as hell. I proceeded on (like there was any chance I wouldn't!)

I stuck my tongue out and just touch her outer lips. Even if I would have imagined it, there is not way I would have thought a pussy could ever taste this sweet. It was as if sweet golden honey was on my tongue. I stuck my tongue in further and was rewarded with a moan.....from my own mother! I had to keep reminding myself she was under the impression this was her husband licking her sweetness, which it was, but it was also her son at the same time! Through all this confusion, I was getting turned on more and more!

I was licking and sucking as much as possible. I got daring and stuck my middle finger in her cunt as I was sucking on her clit. Her juices were literally dripping out of her.

"Oh my god Zack, I haven't been this turn on in a long time. I'm so wet for you right now."

I took my finger, pushed it in and out of her pussy, got it nice and wet with her sweet pussy juice, and began to circle her little asshole with it. She tensed up and jumped at first, but then settled down just a bit. I thought to myself, "I need to slow this down, I want to make this last."

I then said to her between my licking and sucking, "My-my Julie, you are a bit jumpy when I touch that cute little asshole of yours, aren't you."

"You know I don't like that, Zack, but there's something about the way you're doing it now that's different from before and it feels wonderfulllllllll......." Her panting voice trailed off at the end of that sentence.

WOW! I thought to myself, did I just hear right, mom is giving me, I mean dad, free reign on her asshole? I won't go for it just yet, I've got other things do to. Mom grabbed my head and pulled me up to her, looked me straight in the eyes and said, "I can't take this anymore, I need you to fuck me right now!" and put a lip lock on me like a steel bear trap. 

The look she was giving me, I mean Dad, her husband, was pure animalistic lust! Talk about sexy as hell!

She grabbed my cock and guided it to her pussy opening and then I felt it, the tip of my cock, I mean dad's cock, touched the opening to her pussy and before I could push in, she pushed up with he legs and engulfed my prick in one motion! It was like a reverse fuck thing going on. She wanted me in her so bad she came to me before I could push into her!

Our bodies came back down to the mattress of the bed with me buried deep inside my mother, our mouths locked together and our tongues exploring each other's insides like serpents exploring a new cave. 

"Ooooohhhhhhh" she cooed into my mouth, "I need this so bad. Please fuck me now!"

That was all I needed. I slowly was moving in and out of her wet box. My pants weren't off yet, her silk dress was bunched up around her waist, and we were fucking like teenagers in the back seat of a Chevy...and loving every minute of it.

Of course, as far as mom was concerned, she was fucking the same guy she's been fucking for 20 years. As for me, it was a first time fuck!

"Zack, it's been a long time since I've felt you this hard before. Whatever has gotten into you, I like it!"

I was thinking, "It's not a whatever, it's a whoever...and IT'S YOUR SON! Your son is fucking your pussy......and you're loving it!"

But of course, as far as mom knew, it was her husband, they guy she just married, buried deep inside her moist pussy.

"Zack, I can't believe this but I'm about to cum already! What are you doing to me....Oh my fucking god.....here I go.....I'M CUMMMMIIIIIIIINNNNNNGGGGGGGGG!"

As I was watching her, and feeling her cum, I couldn't hold it anymore, I started blowing my load as well! I pulled out of that slice of heaven called mom's pussy and my first shot blew over the dress and landed just below her chin. I kept squirting and soiled her dress, but I didn't care....I JUST FUCKED MY VERY OWN MOTHER!

That was incredible, I thought to myself as I leaned forward over my mom and brought my lips to hers. We must have continued kissing for a good 10 minutes.

"Zack, you haven't made love to me like that in a LONG time. Guess this vows renewal really is putting the spark back in our love life. I gotta go freshen up a bit. Why don't you lie here and relax for a while."

I watched my mother get up from the bed and go to the other side of our honeymoon suite, that great ass swaying in that shiny, white satin dress and closed the door to the bathroom, it was so hot!

I was laying there trying to make sense of this whole thing. Did what just happen actually happen? Could I actually be laying here, with my mother's love juice on my tongue and cock, still panting for just having fucked her, in her and dad's honeymoon suite? What's gonna happen now? Do we have plans I'm supposed to know about? 

I got awakened from my trance from the sound of the shower running. My mom must have been in the shower. 

"Oh Shit!" I said out loud, my mother, or is it my wife, is only a few feet away from me, stripping that dress off, and I'm just laying here doing nothing. Right then I realized my dick was hard again. "May as well join her" I thought to myself.

I got off the bed, took my cloths off, walked towards the shower and noticed myself in the full length mirror in the bedroom.

Here I was staring are myself, but it was actually my dad's naked body. Before about an hour ago, I wouldn't have even thought of that site, but now, I couldn't help but wonder about it. I stopped and starred for a minute. Yes, I had a massive hard on thinking about my mother again. 

Damn, I thought to myself, dad has a pretty good size cock. I reached down and grabbed my cock, I mean my dad's cock, which was controlled by me (with help from that hot piece of ass on the other side of the door!) and started stroking it. What a feeling. It was weird, I'm used to jacking myself off, but this feeling was different. I was still feeling myself, but it was different. The same, but different is the only way I could describe it. 

As cool as this felt, I had to stop because I had an agenda, which was where I was heading. I opened the door and there stood my mom, leaning over the sink still wearing that silk wedding dress from earlier. The shower was running, it was steamy, but she had yet to take that gown off and get in.

"Zack, what are you doing in here?" she said, then she noticed my rock hard pole standing at attention. "What in the world? It usually takes you a while to get ready again. But I'm not complaining. I've been wanting to suck your cock ever since you told me "I do" earlier today!"

Then, with no hesitation, she got on her knees and took my hard on in her hands and started stroking. 

"You know how much I love this cock." And then with one motion, her mouth attacked my cock like a hungry great white shark! I've never felt anything like it.

The only girls that have sucked me until now had been high school girls. This suck job was far superior to those, I can guarantee you. She was aggressive but delicate. Slutty but sexy. Occasionally, she would look up and into my eyes while she was sucking, just like the chicks in porn movies. 

I so much wanted to blow off in her mouth, I also wanted to fuck her again. I said to my mom, "Julie, bend over that counter and look at yourself in the mirror. You're gonna watch me fuck you from behind!"

I couldn't believe I just said that to my own mother! Without hesitation, she got up and said, "I've never heard you talk like that, you are turning me on so much....please take me now!" WOW, she was more wild than I thought!
