 The prisoner gave Laura a devilish smile before whispering gently to her.

Loki: So Dr.? Fury never gave me your name...

Dr. Laura Olsson: it is better that you know nothing Asgardian. I prefer my creatures to know nothing of me until after I am finished testing them and finding out everything that makes them tick. 

Laura looked up to the tall prisoner with a devilish light in her eyes and a sly grin. Her dark eyes met his demonic, blue/green eyes in challenge. They were strong and tortured. Loki wore a mask over his emotions and Laura could see the tiny crack. Her job was to break him and he was surprisingly easy. It made her a little hot to think about. 

Loki looked down and deep into the darkest pair of brownish black eyes he had ever seen and even sexier they were challenging him to take control. Almost begging him to dominate and fuck her brains out. Almost as if no one had ever been a challenge before. The thought made his cock stir. He planned to test this. It had been too long since he had lain with a female of any race and her extremely large breasts were too much of a temptation.

Her thighs tingled as she studied Loki in depth before speaking softly: 

You know I can read your mind and I know what's on your heart.

Loki grinned broadly and spoke to her with a laugh:

Oh? You do? Then you also know anything you do will fail against me. You might as well make this easier for me by opening the door, Dropping to your knees and kneeling before your King.

Laura's temper flared slightly at Loki's disastrous response. She had planned to make it last longer before she went in for the kill but this pathetic male wasn't going to get the upper hand. So Laura went to the door of the cells and punched in a code that thanks to Jarvis put on a dummy link to the cells and activated the bio-lock to have to be her opening the door and she had to have a steady waking pulse to unlock... unless Fury himself unlocked the door... which he wouldn't. He knew the plan and he knew she wouldn't betray him or S.H.I.E.L.D. Then she turned and walked back to the cell typing into the pad she always carried that controlled everything except the control that activated the lock. She set down the pad on the table and simply walked into the cell it opened for her as if it had expected her and then closed quickly behind her.

Loki's eye rose as she entered his cell and walked up to him. Had she no fear of him of the death he could give this tiny midgardian?

Loki's eyes flickered as she sashayed up to him without blinking. It was enough for her to realize she was on the right track. She just had to push him. So with a devilish smirk she slide her arms up and up to his neck and tugged him down slightly so she could reach him on her tip toes and to keep her balance she slid her leg up his thigh to his hip where he instinctually caught it and held it against him. There was no turning back now and oh how it excited her. She leaned into the side of his neck at the base of his ear and whispered:

Make me...

Then caught in her wave of excitement at his stiffening spine and his obvious growing arousal Laura pushed one step too far. By nipping his ear and then tugging his hair roughly. His knee jerk reaction left her speechless and dripping wet.

His eyes closed and he hissed in a rush of pleasure when she whispered... then everything he had been planning about taking his time seducing her went to hell happily when she bit him. As if his now hard cock hadn't gotten the message she pulled his hair and challenged him to a duel of arousal and his baser instinct won. His hands slid to her hips and lifted her up off the ground before slamming her into the glass of the cell and pressing his cock fully up against her. He growled:

Now Laura, See what you have done? I cannot let you simply get away with your challenge now can I? My resistances to your barbaric tactics are...

Laura bit his neck hard this time. And she felt his cock twitch as he went from speaking to a groan:

Loki... You talk too much.

Loki had had enough foreplay and growled out:

You little witch. Pray dear that you have spare clothes as these shall perish... Violently!

Without another word Loki pulled her arms back from his neck and forced her lab coat down her back. The light S.H.I.E.L.D. issue tank top was torn open with one hand and her best bra was destroyed with it. Loki's hands returned to her hips and lifted her up so he could fondle her breasts and bite her nipples. Laura never ceased to whimper, moan and cry out in glee.

Loki changed tactics and gently nuzzled her breast and began placing kisses as he lowered her to meet his mouth. As soon as he took control and gently tilted her head back he cries turned soft and breathless and then silent as his tongue traced the edge of her lip. Instead of the planned and robotic way she had been challenging him she softened into his arms. He was caught completely caught off guard and eased the extreme pressure in his groin slightly and intrigued his mind slightly. He wanted her cries back but they needed to be real. He deepened the Kiss slowly and her nails dug into the back of his neck as her tongue traced the edge of his and swirled across the roof of his mouth.

Loki eased her down to a bench and slid his hands up to ease her hair out of the tight bun. It cascaded down past the midway point on her back and smelled citrusy. He gathered it up in his hands and buried his face into it. The hair was soft and he dropped it while running his fingers through it then he nipped her neck. 

She sighed. Loki had her body where he wanted it and she was losing her edge. Damn him! She thought as her body moved to meet his. She instantly tried to pull away and regain her edge. Loki kissed her again and leaned her back onto the bench as her hand found a buckle that was holding his armor in place. She tugged it open and found another. She began to work them apart meeting Loki kiss for kiss and trying to force him to get rougher. He was ignoring her body's pleas and continued to explore her neck and chest with his tongue and hands. He was leaving her breathless and weak with his rough hands, soft nips, kisses, and licks. This must be a form of magic to wipe her mind so completely. 

She needed to touch to taste him! She found another buckle and tugged it apart and found a small dagger. She pulled out the dagger and threw it on the floor. Loki bucked and ripped away before she could find another buckle. Her anguish and lust were too deeply written on her face for her to hide them quickly enough for Loki not to see them. They just stared at each other in silence. The comically odd look of vulnerability on Loki's face contrasted with the still prevalent look of raw lust in his rich Blue/Green eyes, until Laura quirked an eyebrow and raised her arms straight up above her head.

After the shock of her not stabbing him with his dagger then her hauntingly lovely golden brown eyes giving him a come hither look, Loki lost it. He leaped across the few feet he had jumped back and pinned her with her arms still raised to the bench. Then he took a second to smile evilly at her before finishing tearing her shirt open and exploring her softly rounded stomach. Her movements told him she was embarrassed about it but he was having none of it. He licked the tiny scar above her navel that belayed an early piercing that had long since healed. The shiver as he licked the scar excited him. She arched up to him and he let go of her wrists.

Instantly the tables were turned and Laura wanted to explore and play. She grabbed Loki by the hair with both hands and forced him up for a kiss. Her body shivered excitedly as his lips met hers while he worked apart the button and zip of her black jeans. Then his hands were back to exploring her tender and excited flesh. His hand slid around to her back and she took her opportunity. With just three quick movements she was on top and Loki was on the floor. She found his lips in a slow kiss while she switched her legs to be straddling him. Although her jeans were still mostly on the feeling of Loki's throbbing hard body underneath her made her pussy ache and practically rush like a waterfall. She wanted to flat out fuck Loki and make him scream her name. She found another buckle facing her and grabbed it.

Loki caught her wrist and stopped the agent from partly disassembling his armor. Her confused and hurt look froze him but she began to pull away as if he had hit her. But his hand on her hip stopped her. She looked even more confused then he spoke huskily:

It's a trick. If you pull that one now you'll strangle me. 

Then with a soft smile he reached down between her thighs and tugged another buckle before reaching up to unbuckle the buckle Laura had been reaching for and releasing the final clasp on the top of his armor. As it loosened Loki leaned up and with Laura's help, his leather breastplate came up over his head and was thrown with force across the cell. As it was Laura throwing the extremely heavy breastplate it did not go far. Loki could not suppress a chuckle. Laura looked and Loki and saucily retorted:

I may not have thrown your too heavy armor very far but I seem to be pinning you fairly decently. I guess you weren't known as the god of strength then?

Loki tugged her shredded shirt and bra fully off before picking himself up and into a sitting position and playing with her tight and perky nipples. As Laura's fingers explored his shoulders Loki felt gooseflesh rise over his arms and chest. Slowly Laura began a deep and throaty moan at Loki's menstruations. Her actual moans about brought him to extinction. Her breasts were large and soft with tight buds that responded almost too just his thoughts of torturing them. He had to lick them, to kiss them, to taste them. She stiffened and Loki eased her down to his mouth and then to his back to gently roll her to her back. Laura went along with this without a second thought and the trade off of positions was done perfectly in harmony. Like a dance. Laura reached her hands to hold Loki's shoulders and arched her back up to meet Loki and lift her hips up off the ground. Without a word Loki's hands went to her pants to slide them off and then froze. 

Laura moaned a throaty:

Yeeesss... Na... Na... Now!! God damn you Loki I need you inside me now!

He leaned back up to a sitting position, a winning gleam in his eyes. Loki grabbed her pants legs and pulled them hard. They slid off with ease and he threw them across the cell with a flick of the wrist. The Jeans hit the glass wall and made a horrific cracking sound. Loki then leaned back down and began nibbling her neck while his fingers wandered down to her labia and began to caress it. The ghostly soft touches barely made the soft fur that Laura kept neatly trimmed move but it made her feel like her head was spinning. 

The tip of his finger grazed her thigh. As he drew back up his fingers he caught the nails along the skin rapidly as if playing an instrument. It lit the nerves of her thigh on fire and Loki had to gently restrain her to the ground with his hands. The twitching didn't last long and Loki began working his way down her body with a happy hum and repeated tiny kisses. His hands grabbed her slight hips and held her still as her hands weaved into his hair and tugged at him. Loki ignored her tugs and listened instead to her whimpers, cries, and thrashes. When Loki's kisses were just at her inner thigh Laura tried to make him kiss her sopping pussy. Loki chose to nip at it instead. Laura being so sensitized she let go of his hair, arched her back, and shrieked in lust. Loki leaned back on his well toned haunches and gazed up at her sweat drenched, lovely face.

You're dripping Desire my dear.

Loki grinned up at her evilly.

Shall I taste your lust?

Laura grabbed Loki by his hair and forced his mouth to her wet sex and Panted:

You... Talk... Too... Much...

Loki nipped the wet lips of her hot pussy before he sucked slightly and licked just past the split and pulled back and dipped his tongue back into her puffy, slick lips and nudging her clit softly. Loki dives back in enjoying playing with the lips and sliding his tongue back and forth in her slit. Laura bucks underneath him and twists trying to pull away and push his face in deeper. He got slightly rougher and even faster.

Laura continued to whimper with tears going down her face. She had heard that he was named the silver tongued devil. Now as her mind went blank and her body became a buzz of lighting filled nerves and raw energy as a minor orgasm tore through her. Yet as the orgasm began to wane Loki did not stop or even pause the gentle tickling of his tongue against the now over sensitized bud of her quivering sex until her orgasm subsided. Her reached don and caressed his hair and the high brow of his forehead before leading him up to her for several passionate kisses. The taste of her come all over his mouth and on his tongue drove her nuts and caused her ardor to begin rising again. She had to touch him more to taste him. 

She reached to Loki's back and gently began movements trying to roll him onto his back. Luckily with the strength difference between them Loki took over and pulled her to his chest with one arm and kissed her thoroughly then set up and leaned back until he was lying on his muscled back and looking up at her wondrous black brown eyes. They seemed to keep changing but that just added to the fun.

She set up and looked down at Laura Smiled softly and began running her fingers over his chest and across his shoulders. Then Laura gently clawed her way to the ties on Loki's strange leather pants and began untying them. Her hands shook with excitement albeit just barely and in just a matter of seconds she had the laces nearly untied. Then in an act of needing him now Laura scooted back and leaned down to Loki's laces. Using her teeth and insistent tongue the ties were completely loosened. Laura was so close to his skin she was practically purring a soft hum. When she looked up to Loki's eyes the pure shock and lust drove her back to her task. She wanted to please him equally at this point as she was almost full aroused yet again.

Loki gazed down in wonder. She had seen his scarred body and had thrown his dagger away instead of trying to stab him, and she had somehow gotten him out of his armor and ready to go much, much farther. Then he focused past the soft cloud of lust that threatened to turn him into an animal to see her working the laces on his leather breeches with not but her tongue. His cock throbbed and ached to be freed and to spill his seed. In his mind although he may have said it aloud at this point Loki whimpered a prayer:

By the gods dear woman please climb atop me and ride me to completion!!

By the odd look on Laura's beautiful, glowing face Loki had realized he had spoken aloud. He didn't care about that anymore. He wanted her. He wanted her now! Then she truly took Loki by surprise. As she gently ran her dagger like claws down his sides making him groan. Laura stopped at the waist of his breeches and he raised his hips without a word for her to work the leather down his legs. He sat his hips back down and pulled his legs out of the breeches to free himself and finally he was naked and his proud cock was free to stand fully erect before this enchanting hellcat. Laura seemed to be contently stalking him, her prey and he loved it. 

He had not had a real encounter since the Chitauri and even then those were more nightmares then experiences. Yet this woman of Midgard had magic in her touch and passion in her eyes that made his body ache. He watched as she slid her hands up his legs as if she were about to climb on top of him and relieve the raw burning ache in his groin then instead she leaned forward until she were practically prostrate before she reached out just the tip of her tongue to graze the ridge of his cockhead. 

It sent shivers up his spine, forced him to arch his back, cry out, and nearly come. Then she ran her rough tongue down his cock flicking it back and forth across the large vein running up the underneath of his manhood and worked her way to his nuts. Before kissing them gently and working her way back up to the mushroom head of his hard penis. By now he was drifting on a throbbing cloud of agony and bliss. His nails dug into the carpet and he moaned like a banshee as he tried to let her play and have her fun. It was intoxicating and he was already hooked on her poison.

Laura was enjoying this. Loki was moaning and leaking precum profusely and it tasted sweet and creamy instead of the sticky and salty precum of a normal human man. Laura craved it. Her mouth watered and felt empty with just playing around at licking and as soon as the idea passed through her mind she found herself doing it. Her teeth ran across the decided ridge along his head and Loki howled. It wasn't a pained howl as she had been truly gentle but still his howl had brought her back to the current and out of his dreamlike building up to a powerful orgasm.

Even if momentarily, then she slid the head past her lips and hollowed her cheeks before placing her tongue flat over his urethra. She wanted to taste every drop as he still moaned and slid back into his near coming state of delirium. Then she slid her tongue back and forth then swirled it around the tip and then slid it deep into her mouth before sucking on it gently and drawing it back to the edges of her lips. Then Laura began to kiss the tip and slid it in just a little and then pulls it out kissing the head again. Laura did this over and over. Loki writhed and twisted underneath her.

His moans became more desperate as her suckling changed to a slightly deeper and faster mocking of riding on his cock. Then Laura slid a finger up the tender nut sack then back down and up his oddly soft fur before she began sliding two fingers around the same way. Then three fingers and then using all four fingers she began to play with his balls as if she were strumming an instrument. Then Laura began sliding her fingers back behind his balls and stroke his there as well.

Loki felt her delicate touches shift closer to his tight anus and his hands as fast as a flash pulled her hands back and then still holding them up above her head Loki pulls her up and kisses her. Then he whispers into her lips:

Do not touch me there Laura. There are things I do not wish for and if you try that again I'll place myself there...

Laura's eyes lit up almost golden.

Oh Loki you must place yourself "there". I want you to fuck me and I want you to fuck my ass till I pass out. It feels so good!!

Loki was speechless and unbelievably aroused. He had NEVER known a woman to want him inside her ass until he already had her in the throes of passion from already fucking her ass!! Loki kissed her thoroughly as his cock began to gently throb. His seed was close to erupting and it forced a moan out of him. 

Laura gazed at him and whispered that she needed to be let go as she wanted him to come in her mouth. Loki lost his mind and flipped to the top, pulling her legs over his lanky hips and pushed into her waiting pussy. It was tight and dripping with her tangy sweet cream. Her body had resisted him slightly due to her tightness and yet her eyes seemed to glow as she rose up to meet him and shriek with a slightly pained and highly happy wail of lust. The second thrust caused her to come loudly and with a rush of wet tangy cream. 

Laura was shaking and unable to form a full word. No man had ever pulled out an orgasm this strong. He had to keep going. She was just getting more excited and needed him to keep going! Finally after trying to run her fingers down his back and force him to move as he had begun to hug and cuddle her on her trip down misunderstanding her touches she finally whimpered out one word. Just one word and she screamed it:
