  Pt.6 — The Road

by

Paul Gerard (a pen name)

~

Part 6 of a 12-part tale, laced heavily with lesbian encounters and strange transformations. 

~

A word of warning, before you even start reading: A lot of what happens in this story focuses on the rather weird fetish of Breast Expansion (BE) – from A to D, and occasionally up to and ultimately beyond the size depicted in Woody Allen's "Giant Breast" skit in "Everything you always wanted to know about sex" (the 1972 movie). If you thought that was hilarious, or unsettlingly arousing, you're more than welcome to continue reading. Of course this tale has action, tension and fighting (in short, "conventional" storytelling), too. 

However, if you are put off by the sheer offbeat weird impossible flight of fancy that is BE, you probably shouldn't bother with this tale.

Thank you.

~

Altaerna — a world, where the laws of reality may become mere guidelines at any given time, where magic and machinery are intertwined, where all those things creeping in the shadows of fantasy may step forward onto the mind's stage.

The time of this story is similar to the 12th century of planet Earth. 

~

What happened so far:

Part 1 — Jailbreak:

Jailed in neighboring cells, two very different women are waiting for their execution: Yrba, the traveling gypsy witch, and Mirca, the servant girl. In a last desperate bid for freedom, Yrba feeds Mirca a whole gallon of enhancement potion and uses her swelling body to break down their cell's walls. And thanks to Yrba's prowess with magic, Mirca becomes mobile again. While they sneak through the nightly town, Mirca gets even with the man whose wrongful accusations sent her to death row by wrecking his warehouse with her rapidly growing breasts.

Part 2 — Under Soiled Doves' Wings:

The witch and her new companion can't make it out of town. Lucky for them, Red, an old friend of the witch, runs the town's brothel, and they manage to hide there from the guards searching the houses. An unexpected growth spurt in the confined hideaway ends with Mirca getting stuck and Yrba out cold. Over the course of the next days, they recover, get acquainted with the girls, Mirca gets into a quarrel with Berry, Red's mistrusting bouncer, and becomes the focus of eastern beauty Li's fantasies. A dinner and a surprise confession lead to another eruption of Mirca's unstable body.

Part 3 — Tubs, Sponges and Soaking:

It's an all-girl event as Red's women climb over each other while they polish and shine Mirca's body in the brothel's huge bathtub, sudden milk burst included. The night brings a solemn peek into Mirca's troubled past, and the next day sees Yrba and Red desperately trying to salvage the last few drops of growth portion left in the witch's womb. Mirca embarks on a journey of discovery across Yrba's body, only to wear her mistress out to the brink of collapse. Yrba lets her curiosity get the better of her, prepares herself to repeat the experience, and in the process we found that her body has quite a few quirks of its own.

~

Part 4 — Altars and Virgins

Li, Red's brothel's exotic eastern plaything, tries to teach Mirca the basics of fighting. However, their very own idea of 'way of the fist' ends up waking the metal goddess of the derelict temple they chose as their training ground. As the goddess' ephemeral gift for their 'sacrifice of virginity' fades (or rather, shrinks back), so does their memory of the weird afternoon... Back in the brothel, Sylvia and Charlene coax Mirca into a game of 'how much can you take?' that ends with a milk-swept stairway, a few bruises and scratches and Yrba and Mirca moving out into the forest to 'get a grip' on Mirca's unpredictable expansion bouts.

~

Part 5 — Gold and Blood

While the witch and her companion camp out in the forest, Mirca slowly learns to control her explosive chest. Li continues to teach her how to fight, with varying success. Against Yrba's better judgment, Red coaxes her into doing a 'boob job' on Francine, a young woman from the town despairing over her lacking physique. Mirca manages to beat Li in combat for the first time, and they pick up Yrba and return to Red's brothel just before an early snowstorm rushes by. A few nights later, Mirca joins Berry in running contraband, they end up in an ambush, another storm brews, and then things go to hell, fast and really, really bad.

~

Part 6: The Road

This part has not been proofread beyond my own limited abilities. Sorry. — P.G.

~ 

"It ain't right

it ain't fair

castles fall in the sand

and we fade in the air" 

— Meat Loaf, Good Girls Go To Heaven

~

Chapter 26: Aftermath And Heritage

~

The woman's moans echoed in the darkness. She gasped for air, and her breath came fast. Cloth ripped.

"Hruuungh! Just tear it, don't bother! Guuurrgh! Gotta — get — in! Push!" grunted Red, the color of her face truly befitting her name. "Push harder! Damn! Too big! Oh heavens, I never thought it'd be so tight! Uuunnnghh! Come on — oh gods! Oh gods! — Come on! Oooh! Almost in, almost — will you stop holding back and push! Come on! I want to feel your strength! I won't rip! Put your paws on my ass and shove!" She arched her back and clawed at the ground in front of her, searching for a grip.

"We — rraaaah! Ouch! Dammit—dammit—dammit! — we should've chipped off some more of that limestone!" Red scraped away at the pebbles on the floor until she finally wiggled free from the bottleneck in the narrow tunnel. "Right, the torch! Give me the torch! There's something twinkling ahead." She reached back through the gap, opening and closing her fingers frantically.

The winding crack in the stone widened into a small cave.

"How did Berry ever manage to get in here?" muttered Red, knocking off sand and dirt from her dress. Then she noticed how the tough cloth felt squishy in her fingers.

"Yuck, I'm all covered in grime and clay and mud! Dammit dammit dammit!"

She aired out her tight, corset-like brown leather shirt and jumped up and down to shake a few stray pieces of rock from her ample cleavage. Tying her loosened hair back and packing her breasts in again, she kept on complaining while she waited for Yrba to catch up. "And what am I doing in here? Worming through this would've been the right job for Li, Yrba! Curses, how much sand did I shove down my balcony? Haaaahh!"

"Oh, quit complaining! It's not like you don't know about shoving things in there, you old bawd!" The husky voice of the chocolate-skinned, black-haired Southern Islands witch bounced off the stone walls and reverberated in the tunnel as she fought her way along the passage. She knew about the advantages of durable clothes that were shut right up to a tight neck, and her mane of black curls was safely wrapped up in a bandanna. And yet, carrying almost twice as much mammary volume as her long-time friend with the flaming hair, she fought quite different battles, squeezing and prodding her pliable melons along the narrow passage. Slippery, milky wetness seeped from her excited nipples that rubbed over the rough leather of her vest. The lubricant made it a little easier to push forward her supple, flowing shapes.

"Li's not well enough yet," she continued. "Magic's still too faint after Mirca's mishap, so our little yellow bird'll have to hold out until her body's healing up on its own — you listening at all? What you've got there?" Yrba cursed as she struggled with one shoulder and arm ahead through the passage, then reached back and tickled and squeezed one, then the other of her flowing jugs through. She pulled herself forward with her fingertips searching for a grip in the rough cracks of the wall. Wiggling her thighs, she slowly squeezed her fleshy buttocks into the funnel of unyielding rock.

"Don't run off with the torch!" barked Yrba. "Gimme a little light here and a hand, dammit! Your hips aren't as wide as mine!"

Red grabbed Yrba's hand and pulled. The mud-greased witch popped like a cork from the bottleneck. Rolling on her back, she panted and wheezed. "Picks. And a second torch. Next time. Oh fuck, we need to go back that way first. Hey! Can't you at least wait a few seconds? You've got our only torch!"

~

"Heavens," Red gasped, "Come on! Fuck, hurry up and look at this! A chain mail dress! And another! And those — those are — swords! Look at the size of them. And the gold! I don't believe it! Before she ended up with me, Berry must've been a traveling mercenary of sorts. She must've been here earlier, again and again, hiding away the loot of years."

Yrba lifted a big shield that had been leaning against the wall for a long time. Cobwebs ripped apart. Looking at her reflection in the battered yet still gleaming disk, she shook her head. "I don't think that's loot. Look at that coat of arms here, it's on everything. That style of art, I've seen it before. Could be the colors of a Barzerkhian princess or something. Maybe an exiled heir. She must've been a long way from home. Shield — bury. Yes, yes, I've heard of that tradition. Shields are family heirlooms. They only ever get buried with their owner if there's nobody of the family left. If the lineage ends ... oh Berry! I wonder what things you never told anyone ..."

She sighed. A few more tears pinched behind her eyelids. Yrba sniffled them away and continued, "And this kind of metal, I've never seen anything like it before. No rust. No corrosion. Yet it's obviously been hidden in here for years." She tried to bend it. "Damn, is this stuff tough!"

Red grabbed a handful of gold coins from one of the many wooden chests and put them in Yrba's palm. "Well, now we can buy your cart back at the auctioning next week. I don't think there'll be that many other bidders for a witch cart. And Madame Red's reputation is dubious and tainted already, so what the hell."

The witch flipped them from her hand back on the pile, one by one, and sighed.

"I'd give it all away if I could make undone that cursed night."

"Who of us wouldn't. But with things as they are—"

"— we do what we can do, not what we want to do. I know."

~

"How do you spell Berry-Ann?" Jean lowered the chisel from the small tombstone she had been working on. "She was a great friend, I wouldn't want to dishonor her. With one or two R? E or A? I or Y? Gods, she always pronounced it so funny, more like in Barbari—" Jean fell silent and looked up. Her eyes met the witch's as Yrba looked down and slapped her hand against her forehead.

"Bari-An! Of course! Bar-bari-an. She must've picked it because it said what she was, not who she was. She never told us her real name."

Yrba slowly shook her head. "Well. Berry-Ann it is, then. Write it like that, Jean. She chose it, so let that be the name to remember her by."

~

Chapter 27: A Very Wet Farewell

~

The weeks of slow healing flew by, and finally the time had come for Mirca and Yrba to bid farewell to the brothel's girls. The town guards had turned back to their usual, lazy idea of duty. They bought the story about Red selling the 'cursed' cart on to a group of travelers hook, line and sinker, and they didn't even bother to peek inside the two carts as the bawd led the tiny convoy through the gate.

Far out of sight of the town now, Yrba and her towering protege exchanged last parting words with Red and her girls. They had pulled into a small, shielded clearing. No other soul was around for miles, and the air was warm. If it weren't for the low angle of the sun and the falling leaves, it might've been a late summer's day. Red sat beside Yrba on the coach box of her mobile hut, and the pair of long-time girlfriends passed a bag of wine between them.

"Wish us luck," sighed the witch. "We want to try and make a break for the border, and that's not easy with a cart and in the winter."

Red wiped her mouth, raised her eyebrows, smiled and handed the wine back to her friend. "Oh, you'll manage. Look around. From what I've heard, barring another blizzard, the roads ahead are still free up to the mountains, and once you're over the southward passes and near the coast, winter's going to be little more than cold rain. Well, see you around next year then, I guess. You sure you want to leave your share of the gold buried in Berry's cave? Bag o'gold sure would ease your travels, dear."

"You know me," Yrba shrugged. "I'd just waste it on a zillion shiny things. Besides, the crap I got dealt at the gate was quite the wake-up call. Everything gone, the cart, all of my savings, one moment to the next. No, I'll scatter my treasure even more to make sure I still have something to return to, even if the cart ends up in flames."

She eyed the few puffy white clouds in the blue sky.

"Might as well stock up to winter alone after all. The straight route has too many towns with my name on a poster, for my taste. I'll take a big detour through some of the wilder shires before going back south in spring. We better lay low for a while before the girl and me make for the tower to ask the old wizard for help. Him, of all people! Him and his fuckin' temper! If my visit goes wrong, maybe I won't be around to visit you next year. Him and me, we didn't exactly part in friendship then, and he's one to hold a grudge."

Red shook her head. "You shouldn't go to him at all. I warned you when you were his apprentice, and I'll warn you again now. He's bad news. He always is. Yeah, nothing ever happened to his servants, but think about all the others that disappeared from the villages around his tower! You always stood up for him, but he's not worth it. He's scum! Hell, even you learned that in the end, the night your knife gave him that limp!"

"Oh come on! I've searched all over the tower. He had nothing to do with the missing ones! Besides, I wouldn't know any other mage far and wide. I know he's an old dirtbag, but he's no —"

The wagon began to rock gently sideways, and the noises they had taken for distant bird calls grew louder and wetter. Yrba stuck her head around the corner and gasped at the sight of the writhing mass of naked bodies with her blond giantess in the center. The cart rocked because Mirca rubbed her back against it while her hands clutched Charlene's butt cheeks, balancing the girl's slim body on her face. Charlene's heavy breasts rested on the cart roof, and her fingers clawed on the cart's edges while she bucked against Mirca's mouth.

The witch jumped off the box and stood akimbo at the corner. Her stare, half anger and half envy, wandered down along the pyramid of women. Mirca had her knees bent and her thighs wide. Half-sitting, half-leaning, with the muscular trunks of the giantess's legs straddled between their own, Jean and Sylvia clung to the tall blonde's nipples while their crotches wetted Mirca's thighs as they rubbed over the tall girl's skin. Jean's hands hugged one of Mirca's full breasts, and Sylvia, the stocky, voluptuous raven-hair, chewed on the domed aureola of the other soft melon. Milk ran from their mouths and dripped down on Li, who knelt on the floor between their writhing bodies and Mirca's feet. The dwarfish eastern woman did what she knew best.

"What the — Li! You take your fist out of Mirca this instant! What do you girls think you're doi— you're not sucking on her nipples, are you, Sylvia? And Jean —! Ouch! That's got to hurt! Mirca! You stop and pull your tongue from Charlene and put her down right now, y'hear?!"

None of the entangled girls listened. The pile of sweaty bodies slowly collapsed around Mirca as she dropped to her knees. Charlene clamped her thighs around the huge blonde's head. She balanced on the giantess' shoulders like an eastlands horse warrior and jerked and bucked each time the pink tip of Mirca's tongue peeked from the rear of her crotch. 

Yrba jumped when Red stepped to her side and slipped a hand under her skirt. The bawd's experienced fingers played with the witch's black curls, and her middle one slowly rimmed the wet, tight opening before she laid the digit along Yrba's chunky labia, gently kneading the hot flesh in her grip.

"Aw, let them have their fun one last time, will you?" She winked and laughed raunchily. "And I guess they won't mind if we join in." A droplet ran down her enveloped finger. "At least I see you wouldn't mind right now. You spend three months in my house, but not one night in my bed? Not even for old time's sake? Bad witch!" She leaned forward and puckered up her lips.

"I'll miss you so much, mean old bawd! Come here!" moaned the witch as she clutched Red's head tight and nibbled and sucked away on her girlfriend's lips and tongue. Her hands ruffled the copper mane of her friend, and then she broke their hungry kiss for a throaty moan of "I want you bigger!"

Yrba's brown fingers dug into Red's breasts, and her mumbled incantations intermitted with her lover's frantic snaps and nibbles at her lips. Red shoved her thigh between Yrba's legs, and she clamped her legs around the witch's leg and bucked with her crotch against the rough cloth as the first onset of expansion hit her.

"Gods, you crazy hag! Mnnnngh! You still know how I like it best! Yes! Ungh! Oh yes, more bulk — hwwaaah! At least let me take off my clothes bef—faaaahhh! Oh bugger it, forget about the dress, blow me up! Hnnngh!"

Red struggled for air as the straining cloth of her corset-like bustier groaned. Mumble expandere mumble, another shudder, another pulse of growth throbbing through Red's bloating boobs, and the string zigzagging across the taut front snapped apart with a whiplash cracking. It hissed as it zipped through the loops and gave way to the widening gap that revealed more and more of the bawd's swelling mammaries. Yrba changed her grip, she let her hands slip from grabbing Red's assets head-on to a sideway clutch that squeezed forth the two cherry-red, engorged nipples on their domed areolae and brought them close enough for the witch to suck them both into her mouth.

Red threw her head back in her neck, her breasts shuddered all over and she wrapped her arms around Yrba's shoulders. The space between them filled with Red's swelling pillows. Her skin itched, she wiggled and writhed to scratch her bosom on Yrba's chocolate claw-fingers that overflowed with her aroused white meat. The two women rolled along the side of the cart and tumbled into the sweaty pile of girls. Hot hands started to pull away their clothes, laying bare all their skin and folds for a half-dozen of hungry mouths to descend upon them.

~

Mirca giggled and sat up, pulling her breasts in position between her spread legs. 

"Girls, I think now I'm in the mood for a long, hot sip from my witch's delicious pink cup. Come on, lift her over to me. Let's try cream with chocolate on top for a change!" Her hands cupped her palm-sized areolae and her fingers scraped over the rough, sensitive skin. The tickle, think of the tickle, think of the warmth, invite the warmth...

Yrba felt herself suddenly being pulled away from Red and picked up by the same hands that had just moments before kneaded and milked her breasts and caressed her thighs. She was turned on her stomach and slowly moved backwards on those hands. Mirca's throaty panting grew louder as she neared.

A faint hissing and rumbling filled the air, and the girls moaned in a wave of delight. "Look at her growing!" gasped one of them. "We'll shower in milk!" uttered another. Yrba frantically turned her head left and right, but all she could see was a glimpse of a pearl-white orb that slowly swelled up under her, and the flurry of arms she rested on. The faces all stared in wide-eyed longing at something behind her.
