 NOTE: I realize there are some rather impossible things described in this story. It's strictly fantasy, not meant to be taken seriously. Just try to enjoy it and ignore these things. 

*

"Oh, Stanley!" Yvette's perfectly modulated voice pleaded from within the laboratory door. "I want you. I need you. I love you so. Please come back to me."

Stanley Sprocket hoped the door would hold, because the prototype Loving Doll on the other side was probably strong enough to break it down if she tried hard enough. He had made her arms and legs and most of the rest of her skeleton from sturdy steel pipes, covered with lifelike silicone, because he wanted the robot sex toy to be able to stand up to rough and heavy use. 

Yvette was just the latest in a series of inventions by Stanley and, until a few minutes earlier, she showed every promise of being his most successful. The inspiration for her had been a visit to a local porn shop, where they had on display artificial women, known as "Angels of Love," or some other hokey name. Although he was horny, as usual, Stanley was strictly turned off by their weird appearance. He was actually repelled by their beige plastic skin, their round, red mouths that would always be open, and their inhuman appearance in general. 

"Who would ever want to fuck something like that," he asked himself. "I'd a lot rather go on line to Literotica and read stories by Boxlicker101 or Princess Erin and jack off." 

That was something he was rather used to doing. Stanley had always been tall and awkward with a pimply face and thick eyeglasses. He looked like a nerd, and that's what he was, with a deep interest in doing things with computers and other electronic devices. Such an appearance and such preoccupation are anathema to women, especially since he had never been able to accomplish anything that paid off, and lived practically hand to mouth. He wanted to be rich and have all the hot pussy he wanted but, up until then, all he had for sure was his right hand. 

He was aware there were other men in that same circumstance -- too shy to ever approach women with any hope of acceptance and too geeky and broke to be approached by them. Such men either patronized hookers or masturbated, which were also Stanley's means of sexual gratification, if it could be called that. The former was expensive and risky in at least a couple of ways and the latter was extremely unsatisfying. "Mistresses of Love" or similar phony women would be a third, and even less satisfying way. 

"Still," Stanley told himself, "dolls like them could be a viable alternative. If they were more lifelike and if they could somehow be made to respond to the man using them, they could actually be an adequate replacement for real women. They would certainly be a lot more fun for a man than having to use his hand." 

Whatever his failings, and he had them, Stanley was intelligent and highly knowledgeable about computers and related fields. He also realized that his likelihood of creating an attractive and sexy artificial woman was better than that of any other person that he knew of. 

"Find a need and fill it," was the formula for an inventor to become rich, and Stanley believed he had identified that need. Now, he had to find a way to fill it. He came up with the name "Loving Dolls" and that was what he would call his artificial women while he was designing and assembling a working model. 

He decided to make the prototype white with blue eyes and blonde hair, which he knew was considered by some to be the feminine ideal, although production models could be made to order. Characteristics such as race, hair color, etc. would be whatever a customer preferred. He also decided that Yvette, which was the name he gave the prototype because it sounded sexy, would be five feet, four inches tall and have 36 inch breasts and hips and a 24 inch waist. Buyers would be free to order taller or shorter models, or Loving Dolls who were more voluptuous or less, as they preferred. They would be expensive but worth it for those who could afford them. 

After drawing up the very complicated blueprints, the first thing he did was to build a framework of jointed steel pipes, hollow for less weight but strong enough to stand up to being handled roughly. He expected that some Loving Dolls would be used by men who wanted rough sex, and they would be thrown around and otherwise abused. He also couldn't help thinking his dolls would be perfect replacements for prostitutes -- legal, with no possibility of STDs or AIDS, and no thuggish pimps to assault unlucky customers. Loving Dolls who were bought for that purpose would certainly get heavy use, and would need to be put together as sturdily as possible. 

Yvette's neck included a hinge, rather than being a ball and socket joint, because her head would have to move back and forth when she was giving a blow job, but could otherwise be stationary. Her elbows and knees and hips and shoulders and ankles contained pulleys with attached nylon cords that would be fully controlled by the Central Processing Unit. Stanley placed that command center inside her chest, so it could be cushioned by her soft breasts and otherwise protected by her ribs and her steel spine. 

The robot's toes were separated into individual units, but the joints were not functional, nor were all the finger joints. The Loving Dolls would always be lying down or on their knees when in use, and there would be no need for them to be able to walk with any grace or speed, nor would they ever need to hold tightly to anything. 

Once her body's framework - which Stanley was already calling her skeleton - had been assembled, he covered it with the highest-quality of silicone, the same kind as was used to make Feeldoes. Using photos of the most beautiful female legs, asses and torsos as models, he shaped and sculpted Yvette's body into a thing of beauty. Not only was it as appealing to the eye as he could make it, her firm flesh would actually be warm to the touch, especially after he had covered it with a skin of even finer silicone. He wanted her body to be lifelike, except for its lack of any unwanted blemishes. 

Certain parts of Yvette's anatomy, such as her buttocks and the insides of her thighs, included miniaturized sensor cells. When her skin was stimulated, by kissing or touching or licking, they would pass certain commands to the CPU. One of these would be passed on to her voice box, telling her to murmur recorded sweet nothings to her users, encouraging them to continue with what they were doing, because it felt so good to her. The voice box was inside her skull, as near to her mouth as it could be fitted, and it would move her lips when she spoke, but not in a way that any lip reader could follow. 

Yvette's breasts were one of the most complicated parts of her body. Not only would she respond vocally when they were stroked by a tongue or fingers, but her nipples would also react. The same stimuli that would activate her voice box would also cause tiny, blunt ridges or spines to protrude, making them feel as if they had become stiff from the user's caresses and other ministrations. Her nipples would remain in the erect state for about half an hour, but it would continue longer than that if the stimulation continued. 

Her pussy was another example of Stanley's combined genius, imagination and dirty mind. He bought Yvette a high quality wig, made of fluffy genuine human hair, and trimmed some of it off to be woven into her blonde bush. Of course, the buyers of production models would be able to get them with clean shaven pussies or any color of hair, trimmed any way they wished. Personally, Stanley preferred the naturalness of hair where he thought it belonged, but he would not require customers to copy his tastes. 

The more functional parts of Yvette's pussy had required even more of Stanley's peculiar talents. The entrance to her vagina and the adjacent channel was a circular band made from a special kind of silicone that would stretch enough to accommodate any object or body part the user inserted, while still providing resistance. The band also contained special sensors and, when that object or body part passed through, signals would be sent to the computer and the voice box would be activated to tell the user how great it felt. 

Besides the voice box, the computer would turn on the lower hydraulic system, which would slowly pump oily liquid with a musky, female aroma into Yvette's hollow clit and pussy lips, causing them to slowly become swollen with it, as real pussies would. Every few minutes, as long as something was within the robot's vagina, a small gush of the oily liquid would spurt into the channel, just as a flesh-and-blood woman would lubricate, and a man who was fucking her would feel it cover his cock and help it slide in and out with no friction. 

That hydraulic system would also be triggered by the sensors in the same parts of Yvette's skin that activated her voice box. If a person continued caressing her breasts or her thighs or her buttocks, she would murmur to that person how he or she was such a great lover, and how Yvette was having such a great time, and how that person was going to make her cum. 

She would also lubricate, filling her inner lips and gushing into her pussy, although the flow would be lighter until a penetration was made. A small tank for the liquid was located within the pelvic area, and it could be refilled by removing a panel from Yvette's back. The replacement liquid would be offered for sale, with various flavors provided for those who wanted to eat their Loving Dolls' pussies. 

The third thing the computer would do when Yvette's pussy was penetrated was to set certain machinery in operation. It consisted of small rollers that were designed to massage whatever was distending the flexible channel that was her vagina. The channel was made of a spongy silicone material, designed to give maximum pleasure to whatever it was they were massaging. The sensors at the entrance to the vagina controlled the speed of the rollers. If something was being rapidly thrust in and out, they matched that pace, and they moved slowly if the speed of the strokes was slow. 

In addition to the speed of the movements, Yvette's hips were programmed to push back in the same rhythm as the thrusts into her pussy, while her voice box told her user what he or she wanted to hear. Because her movements were at the same pace as the cock or dildo that was plunging into her, she always met it part of the way, taking the cock or dildo all the way in and giving the impression of how much she enjoyed what was happening to her. 

Stanley had even been able to fine-tune the vaginal sensors so well that they could tell if a man was cumming, by detecting the more erratic movements of his cock. When that glorious event happened, Yvette would cry out ecstatically that she was cumming, and her arms and legs would cling to him until he stopped thrusting, although never tightly enough to cause any injury. Thus, the ideal simultaneous climaxes would be accomplished, even though the female part of the orgasms would be simulated. 

Another hydraulic system was located inside Yvette's skull, but it was smaller, and sensors similar to those in her pussy were located in her lips. When not in use, her face would be set in a sweet smile with a small part of her upper teeth visible. After Yvette's power had been turned on and something was pressed against her lips, they would part and the upper teeth -- lower teeth would have been redundant - would slide up out of the way behind her nose. 

The interior of her mouth was similar to the interior of her pussy, with a silicone channel that would extend eight inches into her skull. That channel was made of the same material as the one inside Yvette's pussy, and was surrounded by the same kind of rollers that would massage whatever was inside. There was also a flexible tongue made of the same high quality silicone, and it was designed to caress the entire length of the visitor inside her mouth, whether it happened to be a cock, a dildo or a real tongue. 

There was no connection between the sensors and Yvette's main voice box because, being a polite young lady, she would never talk with her mouth full. The only sounds Yvette would make at such times would be happy murmuring, letting her user know how much she was relishing the privilege of sucking his cock. The sensors would also order a slow but steady stream of warm liquid to enter the robot's mouth through tubes connected to the reservoir in her skull. The only purpose of the liquid was to keep the inside of the robot's oral cavity wet, so water would work as well as any other liquid. If the user chose to cum into her mouth, the water would also make it easier to clean out the semen after his fun was over. 

The sensors were connected, via the CPU to the hinge joint in her neck so, when she was sucking a cock, she would move her head back and forth. They were also connected to her eye sockets, and when something entered Yvette's mouth, her eyeballs would be directed to roll up. If a man was sitting in a chair or other place, she could be positioned on her knees in front of him, moving her head back and forth while she sucked his cock and her pretty blue eyes looked up adoringly at him. 

Likewise, if he happened to prefer lying on his back, Yvette could be placed on her hands and knees, straddling his legs, moving her head the same way and sucking him off with the same focus of her eyes. Stanley had always enjoyed having a hooker look at him that way, and he was willing to pay extra for it, and he assumed other men would feel the same way. 

Assembling the prototype was an expensive undertaking, because Stanley used only the best materials, such as a large quantity of top-grade silicone. He was able to save money on the CPU and power supply, because he had been able to buy discarded computers, usually laptops because of their compactness. For the most part, they had something else wrong, such as the screen or the case or the keyboard, and the CPU still worked properly. 

Calling on his wizardry with computers, he was able to link several of them, thereby allowing Yvette to perform so many different functions. To save on expenses, he had decided to omit her anus, even though he knew some people would prefer to fuck her there. Production models would, for an additional price, include that feature but, since it would function almost exactly like her pussy, he felt there was no need to include one in Yvette's body. 

When Stanley was finally finished, the first of what he hoped would be many Loving Dolls was a thing of beauty, with blonde hair and a beautiful smiling face with a creamy complexion. She was also ready to be field-tested, and he never had any doubt that he would be the first to use her. He positioned Yvette on her knees while he sat, naked, in a chair facing her. His cock was hard as he eyed her beauty and anticipated what she would do for him. Holding the robot's head in place with one hand, he reached out with the other and turned on the switch in the side of her neck. 

Continuing to hold her head with that same hand, Stanley guided his cock with the other until the tip touched Yvette's smiling, generous mouth. Obediently, her lips parted, and the head and most of his shaft slid into the warm, wet chamber of pleasure. Everything worked perfectly. The sets of rollers inside her mouth erotically massaged his cock; her agile tongue expertly laved the shaft as her head moved slowly back and forth, and her big, blue eyes lovingly gazed up at him. Even her joyful murmurs worked, and it actually sounded as if the robot was deriving pleasure from what her mechanical mouth was doing for his stiff cock. If Stanley had left things as they were, it would have been the best blow job of his life. 

But, of course, he couldn't do that. Testing Yvette's pussy was actually more important so, with some reluctance, he removed his cock from the place that was making it feel so good. Oddly enough, it seemed as if she didn't want him to do that, and her mouth actually leaned forward, even after Stanley's cock could no longer have been activating the sensors. The robot's eyes continued looking at him, and Yvette seemed almost disappointed that she could not continue to suck off her user. Her inventor chuckled about that, thinking that he must have done an even better job than he thought, and turned off her switch so he could continue the testing. 

Yvette was fairly heavy, but Stanley was big and strong, and she seemed to be helping him lift her up onto the bed. After positioning her how and where he wanted, on her back with her legs spread, he knelt between her knees and looked over his handiwork. She made a truly enticing sight, the sexy, naked blonde lying on her back and waiting for him to begin fucking her. 

Stanley was horny enough that he didn't make her wait any longer than he had to, so he turned her on again and moved forward until the head of his cock was between her second set of sensors. With a thrust forward, he slid it past them, and Yvette immediately started telling him how good his cock felt to her. It was strange hearing his own voice talking to him like that. For the sake of economy and to save time, he had recorded himself, but a skilled provider of telephone sex would be hired for production models. 

With a few more thrusts through the tight silicone ring, his cock was deeper inside, and the rollers within Yvette's pussy were massaging his shaft while she sighed blissfully and whispered sweet nothings into his ear. Some of the things Yvette said seemed strange, because he didn't really remember recording them, but he thought of that as just being his own absent mindedness. He stroked slowly in and out of her tight pussy, reveling in the delightful way the rollers were gently massaging his cock. In addition to that exquisite pleasure, Stanley was thinking about how rich he was going to get when thousands of copies of his invention were available to horny men like himself. As he continued, Yvette worked perfectly and, after a few minutes of fucking, she was thrusting back to meet him and moaning in bliss. 

"Oh, Stanley," Yvette murmured in a throaty voice. "Your cock is so long and hard and thick, you're going to make me cum." As she spoke, the robot held to his shoulders and gripped his legs with hers.

Those words and her actions were really surprising. Stanley was quite sure he hadn't included his name in any of the things he recorded for Yvette to say. He was also certain she was not programmed to simulate cumming until he or another user was ready to climax, and not until then would she even mention it. Her gripping of his legs and body also seemed to be happening prematurely. That was intended to happen as a response to his cock being ready to ejaculate into her. For some reason, the robot seemed to be operating even better than he had designed her to work, and that seemed totally illogical. 

"Yvette," he asked, rather hesitatingly. "Are you ready to cum?" 

"Stanley, I love you so!" was the response, also something he was sure he had not recorded. "Keep fucking me. I'm ready to cum." 

Her answer surprised and even frightened her creator, because Yvette was not supposed to answer questions like that, just to say things that her user would want to hear. Her voice sounded nothing like his either, another thing to be concerned about, until something else happened that scared him even more. 

Rather than waiting until he was stroking his cock into her and matching his pace, Yvette started to take over, thrusting her pussy back against his body. Her arms gripped him more tightly too, and her legs flexed themselves to pull him to her. She was sighing and moaning and whimpering like an extremely aroused woman, and he had never recorded anything like those sounds. 
