 Zach and the Celtic coven Ch1

Zach gets summoned by a coven and breeds the sisters in the ritual

WARNING: This story involves scenes of graphic sex including anal. If that is not what you are looking for don't read on. All sexual acts depicted in the story are committed by adults over eighteen years old. 

*****

From previous stories you might know that a bicycle accident left me in a coma from a brain concussion. When I awoke I discovered I had an power or mind control ability that worked only with woman. It allows me to touch females and leave them with a sense of euphoria or I can center my mind power on specific sexual centers of their bodies or target specific thought centers to enhance feelings. I never use my powers to force females into doing bad things but I do tap into their deep needs and bring those feelings to the surface. This story is just one of those occasions. 

My name is Zach and I have been having this strong urge to get out my mountain bike and take a ride up into the back mountains near my cabin. I cleared my next weekend and drove up to the trail start. I rode for several hours deep into the mountains off the regular trails. The scenery was great and that distracted my attention. I hit a large rock and flew over the handle bars and landed in a mud puddle and slid until my helmet hit a rock. I began to fade out and thought, "Oh no here I go again."

I felt myself coming out of a very dreamlike but strong sexual state. I sensed I was being cared for as I can feel a specifically distinct difference when females touch my skin. I began to drift out of that dream and heard a very distant sweet voice chanting in a language I didn't recognize. I opened my eyes and could tell it was late at night. I realized I was naked and lying on a stone tablet. The woman was bathing my body and a strong smell of herbs and spices hung in the air. 

What must have awoke me was that she had my hard cock in her hand and was rubbing my pre-cum all around the crown of my dick and sliding her slick hand up and down my thick eight inch shaft. From my prior stories you know I developed special powers with woman after hitting my head in an earlier bike accident resulting in a coma. Using my mind power to connect with my nightingale I could read her that she was getting very wet between her legs and felt very content in what she was doing for me. All the while she was humming and chanting she continued to massage my cock, up and down and spinning my helmet in her palm. She worked my cockhead and the knot underneath causing me to lift my hips off the rock.

She realized I was now awake and after looking into my eyes for a few seconds she bent down and slowly took my fat cockhead between her wet lips. She slowly swallowed my cock with her mouth until my dick reached the back of her throat. She hummed on my cock and worked her mouth, tongue and throat all over, around and down my cock. It was the most enjoyable cocksucking I had experienced. 

She slid down my cock and after a slight tightness my cockhead popped into her throat. Her tongue slipped out and licked my tightening ball sack. She sucked tightly all the way back to my dickhead and nursed on my pre-cum. She slid her mouth off my cock and dipping her hand into a bowl she returned to massaging me with her hand and that potion. 

Dreamlike she said, "You have been summoned here by my sisters to utilize your special powers. I discovered your kindness with woman and your manly strength one night while in my astral trance and knew you were the hope our coven needed to grow and prosper." 

"You have been summoned on the festival of the Autumn Equinox, 'Alban Elfed', which means 'The Light of the Water'. The Wheel turns and the time of balance returns. Alban Elfed marks the balance of day and night before the darkness overtakes the light. It is this final harvest ceremony - thanking the Earth, in her full abundance as Mother and Giver, for the great harvest, as Autumn begins."

"To increase your sexual potency I must empty your stored spunk during this ritual and restore your strength by feeding off the woman in the coven."

With that said her humming and chanting resumed. I soon heard movement around the table I was on and the chanting was picked up by each new robed person that entered. In the moonlight I could see each person drop their robe and I was surrounded by bare breasted females. Turning my head slightly I could also see bare pussies. Their naked bodies swayed to the chanting causing their breasts to rise and fall. The cool night air popped their nipples outward and stiffened them. I thought that each set of nipples needed a man to suckle them. There was soft laughter from the women right after I thought that and wondered if they could read my mind because I was also thinking very dirty thoughts of fucking every one of them. This brought a subtle hiss from each as they passed.

Their leader, I guessed, increased the speed of the massage on my cock, up and down and spinning my helmet in her palm. She added her other hand and two handed drove my cock towards its orgasm. My balls began to pull up and tighten. Her hand close to my balls was tightening and moving with faster speed. Her other hand was rubbing my helmet and the crown of my cock. With intense pleasure my whole body stiffened and streams of my spunk shot out of my cock and coated my chest. After six or seven spurts of my cum left my dick I collapsed back on the table.

"Clean our guest sisters but do not get any of his spent cum on you. It has lost its potency and he needs to create more tonight aided by our special potion," the leader spoke. Several warm cloths bathed my chest and washed me clean. "Feed our guest sisters then turn in for the night. The chosen sisters may bed our guest tomorrow wherever they find the opportunity. My other sisters should care for his needs. Just don't be greedy and wear him out. His strength is needed for the ceremony tomorrow night," she ordered.

Suddenly warm hands turned my head to the side and a hard nipple was brought to my lips. I circled that nipple with my lips and as I latched on and sucked warm milk flowed into my mouth. The milk was sweet with an under-taste of honey. The flow stopped and my head was turned to the other side and a new nipple was brought to my lips. I sucked strongly and milk poured into my mouth. This process went on for a total of six times each breast having a sweet under-taste of its own. Through my power I sensed each female's separate essence and I warmed their pussy area while connected to their breast. After a while like at home warm milk puts me to sleep and I dropped off.

I woke in the morning on a bed of straw, grass, flowers and herbs out in the open. There was a warm body spooning beside me and when my arm rolled over my hand found a nice full breast. I slid my hand about and found her nipple which stiffened. I tweaked the nipple between my fingers and my cock began to stiffen. What I have always loved about my cock is that it stays its full thick eight inches and just hardens when aroused. My dick found its way to the crease of my partner's ass and moving slightly slid further down and parted her wet pussy lips. 

She stretched and moaned then whispered, "My name is Morning Doe and you may mate if you wish." She then pushed back and captured my cock head with her warm wet pussy lips then slid me into her wet hot tunnel. There was a fire in that wet tunnel that surrounded my cock.

After sliding her hot pussy back and forth on my cock for a while she slipped me out and moved to her hands and knees and pushed her ass into the air. "Please mount me and give me your strong seed deep into my womb," she moaned. 

I placed the head of my long fat cock at the entrance to her pussy and slowly sank my hard eight inches down her love tunnel until it tapped the opening of her cervix. Her previous sucking my cock with her hot pussy had opened her tunnel making it easy for her to take all of my cock. She moaned, "So filled up, more, more." So I began a slow pull out - push in until she got use to my dick.

I reached my hand under her tummy and found her clit. I now used my mind power to bring her love button to a heightened state. As I twirled her clit her love honey poured out onto my hand as she moaned and pushed back. I quickened my pace of humping Morning Doe and she moaned louder and louder. The head of my cock kept knocking on the door of her womb each time I bottomed out. 

Suddenly I could feel her pussy walls clutch tight on my cock and pulse so I slammed down and pushed my cockhead into the doorway of her womb. Morning Doe moaned through several strong orgasms which caused me to shut my eyes tight and shoot six or seven ropes of my strong cum.

As I sensed that my sperm had reached and impregnated one of her eggs I felt fur on my stomach. I opened my eyes to see a soft brown speckled back of a doe. She slid out from underneath me and standing on shaky legs bound out of the pad and into the woods. I was so shocked I sat back on my legs and tried my best to get my breathing under control. Once I was there I went in search of food.

I walked across the clearing and came upon another female that was rinsing vegetables. She was elderly but regal and obviously naked under her robe as she sat on a rock bench going about her business. The warm waning autumn day and bright sunlight gave me being naked a good feeling. The mature woman's breasts were huge and a little saggy and with her legs spread around a large kettle her womanhood was fully on display. She sensed I was assessing her and a wide smile appeared on her face. 

"Hello Zach, my name is Evelyn," she said, "I am to feed you so you can regain your strength."

She put the kettle aside and motioned for me to lay upon the bench with my head in her lap. She then cradled my head to one large breast and placed that extended nipple to my mouth. Without my sucking milk began to fill my mouth so I had to latch on and suck to keep from coughing. Evelyn began to chant and hum as her breast milk emptied into me. I could feel a warmth in my body from her honey flavored milk. I extended my arm and slid my hand between her thighs and stopped when I felt her pussy lips. Running a few fingers through her folds I was rewarded with copious pussy honey.

"Hummm, that feels nice Zach," she whispered. "You may pleasure me if you wish but you may not mate with me - it is not my time this summoning." 

"This summoning?" I filed what she said for another time and thought that I would be summoned again. As Evelyn switched me to her other breast my fingers opened her pussy lips and my two large fingers entered her love tunnel. I curled them forward and found her internal love knob and began to massage it while directing my power to that spot. Evelyn gasped and her tit shot a strong stream of honey milk into my mouth.

I switched my two small fingers into her pussy to get them good and wet. I let the ring finger circle her anus while using my power to place an itch at her backdoor. Evelyn moaned when I slid my two small fingers up her anus and my two large fingers up her pussy and my thumb onto her clit. Massaging the various parts of her sex had a strong impact. 

She drew in her breath deeply then hissed it out. "Zach you are being very naughty to an elder's privates but you must keep doing so," Evelyn moaned.

She began a low chant as my mouth abused her extended nipples and my fingers abused her pussy, anus and clit. She whined the most when all four fingers were slid in the deepest. She shifted her hips to press down hard on my thumb and to make the most contact with her clit. Evelyn took over humping my hand while I slid my fingers faster in and out her pussy and ass. 

I felt her legs go stiff then felt her anal chute and pussy walls pulse hard and rapidly on my fingers. I drove my thumb across and around her clit until Evelyn screamed through several intense orgasms. My palm was soaked with pussy honey and her breasts where pouring out so much milk that my chest was coated.

When she calmed down and her breathing returned to normal she spoke, "Lydiya take him to the lake and wash him off then mate with him there." 

I turned my head away from Evelyn's breasts and saw a beauty that took my breath away. The sun was behind her so it illuminated her long pure white hair. Her eyelashes were also pure white. I jumped my eyes to her crotch and yes her pussy hair was also stark white surrounding pussy lips of coral pink. I slid my eyes back to her breasts which looked to be a nice handful and were topped with large nipples surrounded by pale rose areoles the size of silver dollars.

"If you are done devouring me with your eyes Zach, come with me to the lake that I may wash you and present myself for mating," Lydiya laughed lovingly. 

It was like I was in a trance I was so captivated by this apparition of white. She took my hand and led me off towards the lake. When the path narrowed she went first and I got to feast my eyes on as bountiful an ass as I have ever seen. Shaking her ass long hair to clear my view as she walked Lydiya whispered, "You may warm up with my ass if that is your desire but you must send your sperm to my womb." My dick got rock hard!

We arrived at the lake and Lydiya walked me into the water. She descended beneath the surface and as she rose the water flowed down her hair, rolled off her breasts and flooded the folds of her pussy. She dipped me under the water and washed off the milk. Keeping me on my knees in the water Lydiya moved forward and placed her pussy directly against my chin. 

I did not need any further instructions as my tongue slid out and buried between her pussy lips and I began to suckle her clit. She braced herself on my shoulders and poured her pussy honey into my mouth. It was the sweetest nectar I had yet had. I am sure I serviced Lydiya through several small orgasms as her body shivered and her hands tightened on my shoulders.

Lydiya stood me up and took me to a bed of reeds and lily flowers and motioned for me to lie down. She turned and squatted over me in the classic position and took my cock into her mouth. She shook her ass over my face and waited for me to act. My mouth attacked her pussy mouth and drank in her nectar. I brought my fingers to her pussy and slid the two large ones up her pussy. 

She moaned a whispered, "Prepare my backdoor if it will pleasure you Zach."

I placed my tongue at her back door and licked away. Lydiya shuddered and went back to my cock. As my tongue opened her anal door my fingers explored her cunt then I brought two to her anal ring and pushed them fully in with a slow soft thrust. Lydiya shook violently and nipped at my cock as payback. Using her pussy honey I lubricated her anal love tunnel. When I could wait no longer I slapped her ass several times. Lydiya moved forward and sitting up slightly reached between her thighs and grabbed my cockhead. She placed it at her anal doorway and slowly sank down until my full hard eight inch cock was deep up her ass.

Lydiya moaned deeply and began a rocking movement that slid my dick out to the helmet then into her ass till my balls were kissed by her pussy lips. She did this for several minutes then I felt her tiny fingers on my balls and realized she was rubbing her clit. 

"I am gonna cum Zach but you may not spend in my ass," Lydiya moaned. And with that her ass tunnel pulsed strongly on my cock as Lydiya shook through a violent orgasm. Hot pussy juice sprayed out across my thighs. To control me she pinched my balls and my need to cum was postponed.

Holding onto my cock with her ass muscles she told me to move with her until I was mounting her from behind. "Mate with me Zach," Lydiya said with great need and desire. 

I slid my cock out of her ass and with one shove I buried it down her pussy and knocked on her womb. She hissed and dropped her tits to the mat of reeds and began to match my thrusts into her cunt. I knew I would not last long so I pounded away knocking my dickhead against the door to her womb. She moaned each time my dick went deep.

I slid my arm and hand under her and found her clit. I turned on my mind power and heightened the pleasure center around her clit. With each deep thrust I squeezed her clit until I felt her pussy walls strangle my cock. She pushed back and the tip of my dick opened her womb. The heat of those internal lips on my dickhead pushed me over the edge and I shot seven, eight, nine strong ropes of my hot cum towards hers eggs waiting there. 

Her pussy held my dick tight as it milked every drop of my cum. Her pussy pulsed on my dickshaft pulling my baby batter towards her womb. We both moaned and groaned knotting our sexes together totally spent. A magical mist enveloped the two of us as I could swear I felt the softest of feathers as Lydiya slid off my dripping cock. When the mist cleared there by the water's edge swam the most beautiful white swan ever seen. It sang its song as it glided away. I swooned into the reed mat and fell into a deep sleep,

When I woke up again it was well into the evening. I could smell a wood fire and faintly heard chanting. I walked towards the sound and found the clearing with the rock table. In the firelight I saw the coven processing around the rock table. All were naked and glistened sweat on their bodies. Breasts shown in the firelight and all the nipples were firm extended out. The air was pungent with spices and herbs and female essence. The chanting stopped and a female with fiery red hair stood forward.

"Welcome Zach to our autumn ceremony tonight, please lay upon the table again; you have nothing to fear" their leader said. 

I recognize her voice from the night before, she being the one who emptied my balls of their "old cum." Several loving hands helped me onto the table. Evelyn came beside me and said, "Drink this for the strength you will need tonight." 

She gave me a cup filled with what looked like breast milk but when I drank it a warm feeling flowed through me, centered in my groin and caused my cock to swell and get rock hard. My balls began to feel very heavy and swollen. Evelyn then rubbed a potion all over my cock and balls and said quietly, "For extra strength and to thank you for pleasuring me so well." She leaned in and kissed me deeply.

The coven sisters then processed around the table and offered me a breast to feed upon again. I saw Morning Doe and Lydiya again and when they touched me I could sense the beginning of life in their womb. When they offered I ravaged their nipples and using my mind power sent a quick mini orgasm to the center of their femaleness. Each had to hold onto the table for support as they shuddered through their cumming. When their tremors subsided they each kissed me deeply then moved on. 

Having fed from all but their leader I waited with a feeling of strength building up strongly within me. Their leader climbed upon the table and straddled my thighs. Her vulva was covered in bright red hair and I could see up into a dripping wet pussy tunnel. She sat on my thighs with her wet pussy lips caressed my swollen balls. My hard dick was stretched upwards leaking pre-cum on her tummy. Using a potion my dick was lubricated and rubbed till I felt my cock was rock hard and throbbing. My power didn't seem to work on the leader this night so I let her own my body tonight.

She pushed my dick back on my stomach, raised her body and slid her wet warm pussy lips up and down the length of my cock. When she reached my dickhead she used it to rub her clit back and forth, round and round. This went on for several minutes until I felt her knees stiffen at my side. She slumped onto my chest burying me with her long red hair and sprayed my groin with her heavy scented pussy honey. When her breathing returned to normal she began to chant which was picked up the others in the coven. 
