 Ythes laughed gaily, the sound drowned in the raucous din of the tavern. 

"And then Once says 'Don't worry, I'll take the big one'," the mail-clad dwarf was waving his tankard around as he told the story, slopping ale freely about. "And I says, 'Do you mean the tall one, or the one with the foot-long cock?"

The half-orc female called Once nodded, laughing hard. "And I was never sure if the poor girl they were about to rape was relieved or upset that we saved her."

A figure loomed up to the table, and all three of its occupants swiveled slightly to address this possible threat. The youth was tall, dark and curly haired, handsome enough, but with a certain arrogance about him.

"You've been sneaking glances at me all night." He said, addressing Ythes. "Why don't you and me go upstairs to my room and get on with it?" 

Once rose to her feet, towering over the youth's six feet or so by nearly half a head. "Maybe you need a little lesson in manners, punk?" She raised a scarred fist that looked big enough to dot both the boy's eyes at the same time. 

Ythes sat back in her chair, pushing the front legs off the ground, her grey eyes assessing the youth coolly. She had taken notice of him earlier, true enough- along with a half dozen or so other potential companions for the night.

The boy took a quick glance at the half-orc and then licked his lips nervously, eyes returning to Ythes'. "OK- sorry if I came on a little strong. How about it though? Please?"

Sighing, Ythes dropped the chair to the floor, brushing an errant lock of ash-blonde hair aside. "Well, that's the magic word, isn't it? Come on, Stud. Let's see what you can do."

As she twined her arm with his and led him towards the stairs, Once sat down, grumbling. "That gods-be-damned curse of hers! Damn it, Atta- I should have knocked his ass out before he could ask her."

The dwarf brushed ale out of his fierce red mustaches before taking another long draught. "Yeah, well- it's not like she wasn't going to get fucked by somebody in here tonight, anyway. Besides, it frees us up to find a good fight, anyway."

*

At the entrance to the room, Ythes turned and embraced the youth, kissing him deeply. He had full, sensuous lips and a sweet, darting tongue, but there was something unsure about him, a tension she could sense. She smiled to herself: despite all his swagger downstairs she might need to take charge from here. 

"What's your name, handsome?" She breathed, as he opened the door and they moved through. 

As the door opened, he said. "I'm called Tack." He said, just before bringing the blackjack down expertly against the back of her head. Stunned, she had series of brief, disjointed impressions of the next few minutes: the door closing behind her and being barred, strong arms lifting her out the window, where another pair of arms took her and laid her across a waiting saddle. Then a handkerchief with some foul smelling substance on it was placed across her mouth, and everything went black.

*

She came to beside a campfire that was just starting to catch. It was approaching night, and she could smell something cooking in the pot suspended over the fire. 

She was bound hand and foot, and naked, lying on some sort of fur and covered only by a thin blanket. 

"Awake, are we?" The curly haired youth- Tack, was it?- from the night before moved into her field of vision. He came close and knelt at her head, raising a canteen to her lips. She drank gratefully. 

"Hungry?" He asked. At her nod, he stirred stew from the pot into a thin wooden bowl and fed her slowly and patiently, wiping her chin with a cloth. 

"Sorry about the bump on the head," He said, looking honestly remorseful. "But we were warned you were a tricky one, and we had to get you away from those friends of yours or things would get messy. We don't like messy if we can help it."

"What's this all about, Tack?" She asked. "All this just to get me naked and alone?"

He chuckled. "You robbed a man in Lake City a couple of months ago. Big stone house, pack of white dogs in the yard, a ruby you could choke a horse with- remember?"

She did- a simple burglary commissioned by a political rival. 

"You robbed the wrong man: he had connections, the kind that get things done. Your Halfling friend ratted you out pretty good. He told us all about you, how you don't have any magic of your own, but use a ton of toys, and about your little curse too. How you can't say no to anyone that asks for a piece of ass as long as they say 'please'."

She frowned. "Is Pony dead, then?" The little bastard was a coward, liar and a cheat, but he had been her partner, and she would owe him vengeance.

Tack laughed. "Nah, he landed on his feet. He's working for the man now- under real close supervision, of course. And the man wants to talk to you real bad about who hired you."

That little fucking bastard, she thought. "So you're a bounty hunter?" 

He smiled. He had a nice smile, she thought. "Yeah, we're bounty hunters."

Hoof beats approached, and Tack looked up. "Anything?"

Ythes would have taken a step back if she'd been able. The man dismounting from the horse was the identical twin of the one kneeling before her, right down to the lop-sided grin. 

"Nope, nobody behind us. They'd have played hell following our trail out of town, though." He glanced at her. "She OK?"

Tack waved at the other rider, grinning. "This is Lathan. You'd never know it, but we're twins."

Lathan bowed in greeting. "I guess Tack's been explaining what the deal is. Its three days to Lake City. You behave, and you get to ride. You screw around, and we'll tie you face and hooded the whole way. We wouldn't want to hurt you, but we won't lose any sleep over it, either. The boss just wants you to be able to talk, that's all."

She nodded. "You have all my 'toys', as your brother put it, and I'm sure Pony told you I'm no fighter, like he told you I have no magic of my own." She said, and then added in a purring tone. "But tell me, boys: why exactly am I naked?"

Tack shrugged. "Pony told us everything you had on you might be magical, right down to your underclothes. We'll give you something to wear, but it was hard to dress you when you were tied up, and we needed to keep moving."

That little fucking bastard, she thought again. "Don't bother, boys. At least, not tonight." Her voice had dropped down to a husky whisper. "I guess Pony didn't tell you about the other part of my curse?"

The twins glanced at each other somewhat uneasily. "What other part?"

"I have to get fucked each night. It's not a matter of choice- I literally can't go without it. If I don't get it, I start to get sick. I must have thrown up at least a little today?"

Tack nodded. "Some, but we figured that was from the knock on the head, or the drug."

She shook her head, drawing her legs up under the blanket, her knees obviously far apart under the material. "No. I can feel the need already. Another night and I'll be doubled up in pain- I won't be able to ride or do anything but scream by the end of the day. After the third night I'll be dead." She began to wobble her knees back and forth slowly. "So you see, I'm going to need at least one of you tonight."

Tack stood up, and the brothers looked at each other again, their faces stunned. 

"She's bullshitting us." Lathan decided. "This is some kind of trick."

Ythes rolled over, throwing the blanket aside. Her naked ass was thrust up and back at the twins. Her cunt jutted back at them from beneath, the lips puffy and obviously wet already. "No bullshit, boys. Why would I lie? I just need one of you to fuck the hell out of me- where's the danger to you in that?"

Tack took a step towards her. "Goddamn! Lathan, I think she means it. One of us better give her what she needs." His eyes were riveted on her writhing ass. 

"Wait a minute!" Lathan said. "This aint professional. We have to think this through."

Ythes stuck her bound hands down between her cunt and slipped a finger inside her pussy, moaning aloud with throaty passion. "Come on, boys. Just give me some cock. That's all I need."

Tack began to remove his belt. "Goddammit, I'm fucking her whether you are or not, bro."

"Wait. Wait- at least stash your weapons and shit out of her reach. And her hands stay tied, no matter what. Don't try anything cute, you little bitch." Lathan snarled, but she saw the bulge in his breeches as well, and just moaned louder as her hand danced against her pussy. 

"Come on, Tack. I need it bad."

Tack hurriedly unlaced his breeches and thrust them down below his knees, having thrown his weapons belt a good distance away. He knelt and ran a hand across the globes of her ass, then lightly stroked her nether lips before fumbling at the knots binding her feet together. He sniffed at her as he did so. "Damn, I've never smelled anything like that. Lathan, you have got to come and get some of this."

Ythes fairly purred when the bonds on her feet parted, and she thrust her feet to either side of the youth's torso, pulling him towards her with her heels. His face landed squarely against her pussy, and after a brief moment he, began to lap at her petals. She groaned again, an increasingly animal-like sound that rose in a throbbing rhythm to the strokes of his tongue. 

"Get it in me, get it in me." She panted hoarsely, and he pulled his face away, moving his long, slender cock into position. His cock bent fiercely to the right, and its knob was the color of a ripe plum as he placed it at the mouth of her entrance. 

"You want it, baby?" He panted. "Here it comes!" He thrust fully inside her with one long stroke of his hips. His face contorted into a grimace as she held him deep inside her purely with the strength of her cunt muscles. "Oh, gods and demons, she has such a pussy!" He whispered. Ythes taut belly muscles rippled in sympathy to her inner muscles as she kneaded his tool from within, and he groaned in passion. 

"Dear fucking gods, brother- this is nothing like we ever had back in the village!" He panted as she began to move forward and back, prompting him to begin stroking into her with long, forceful thrusts. 

Ythes was looking over her shoulder at Lathan, her eyes fierce with passion. He was staring hungrily at the scene. With the grace of the acrobat that she was, she flipped end about, bringing Tack's cock even with her face. Smiling lasciviously, she stared deep into his eyes as she engulfed the entire length of his cock once, twice, and a third time. 

He moaned deeply, and she pulled off him and grasped his shaft with one hand, stroking up and down fiercely as she dipped down to lick and suck at the very base of his shaft. She pumped him with furious speed, and realized he was already about to come.  

She pulled her head back, and his first spurt struck her beside the mouth, a thick, white gob of semen. She dove down on his cock, taking him all the way in to the base, and he whimpered out loud as she drained him dry with consummate skill, and then she pulled off to suck ferociously on just the head of his prick, and he whimpered yet again.

"Oh! Oh, my god!" He said hoarsely, and laughed weakly.

She echoed his laugh; eyes twinkling merrily as she again took the length of him in. She smiled again around the cock in her mouth as she felt Lathan move in behind her and his own tool probe at the opening of her cunt. 

He entered her, and she gasped. He was easily half again as thick as his brother, though not nearly as long, and he immediately began a steady, rhythmic plumbing of her depths. 

She did her twisting thing again, and was on her back moments later, legs wrapped tightly around Lathan's ass, urging him deeper inside her. She pulled Tack down to suck on her breasts, which he did with gusto, switching from tit to tit every few moments. 

By the time Lathan methodically drove to orgasm, Tack was hard again, and she laid him on his back and squatted above him, her long, muscular legs driving her up and down the length of his tool without otherwise touching him at all. As she did so, she licked Lathan utterly clean. 

She fucked and sucked the twins for hours, having them race in a jack off contest, with the winner getting to plumb her ass, letting them penetrate her fore and aft at once, using positions that made them gasp at her flexibility and imagination. 

The next morning she was still smiling softly as she laced the sheath of wands to her right thigh, completing her attire. She had saddled all three horses, and led them quietly away from the embers of the campfire. 

She blew the brothers a kiss where they lay side by side by the fire- exhausted, but with matching grins of their own on their sleeping faces. 

She left them their gear and food, except a small bit she took for her own and a rather nice horse-bow that she favored, and left a note pinned to the top of their gear:

"Thanks for the great evening boys. Let's do it again the next time you can catch me. Only let's skip the knock on the head, and I'll show you some things we left out last night."

She mounted the saddle and led the horses out of the camp. A nice long walk would do the boys good, she figured. 

With a final glance, she harrumphed softly. No magic of her own, indeed...