 Ythes smiled fondly at the magically animated frescoes on the walls as she trod down the corridor towards the Master Mage's sanctum. Eldoras was randy as a goat to the very core, and the décor of his tower reflected that to no small extent: in the frescoes, mermaids performed animated fellatio on sailors, winged men fornicated in mid-air with human women, and centaurs and satyrs performed obscene acts with human and animal alike. 

Likewise, Eldoras seemingly selected his apprentices based on their attractiveness. In the months that Ythes had lived in the mages' tower, the mage himself had never solicited her or any of her fellow apprentices (as far as she knew), but there was a certain air of sexual freedom that led to almost more than one encounter for her amongst the apprentices and servants. 

Although more than a little frustrated at her own lack of progress in the field of magic, Ythes was pleasantly satisfied with her current lifestyle in general. It certainly beat the hand-to mouth life of beggar, cut-purse, pick-pocket and thief that she had grown up living on the mean streets of the city. She had graduated to a relatively lucrative career as a highly skilled cat-burglar, but the road she had been on had taken dark turns, and her choices had been grim before the offer came from Eldoras to join him in the tower: become a member of the assassin's guild, or spend her life running from them. 

Now, all that was behind her. Her biggest fears now were her lessons, as dictated by Alleghre, the senior apprentice. Ythes had shown a poor innate grasp of the workings of magic. But she had shown remarkable ingenuity in the applications of those cantrips and spells that she had laboriously conquered, and her Master was pleased with that aspect of her training. 

Approaching the sanctum itself, she paused at the open door- something she had never encountered before. The room was lit by the variously-colored glows of the magical objects within it: the dim green glow from a tapestry on the far wall, the light blue glow from a set of inter-connected globes on a pedestal on a table, and the bright white light of a revolving sphere set in a half-full bowl of water., among others.

"Master?" She asked tentatively, sticking her head in the room and looking around. 

"Ooh, I love it when you call me that!" Said a tinny, high pitched voice. 

"Dijet? Where's Eldoras? I had a lesson with him." She asked, watching as the mage's familiar floated from the ceiling to sit on the edge of the desk in a corner of the room. Eldoras had shaped his homunculus familiar in the appearance of an angelic male with gossamer wings. Dijet was one foot tall, beautiful in form except for a comically large nose, and-as usual- naked.

Dijet giggled. "I'm not telling. You can't make me tell. Well, you could, but you'd have to do something for me first."

Ythes sighed, rolling her eyes. The homunculus was notoriously horny, a caricature of his master. "And what would that be, Dijet?" She asked huskily, swaying towards the edge of the table. "What is it that I could do for you?" She leaned forward, her face looming close to him, providing him a view of her cleavage down the neck of her silk apprentices' robe. 

"Blow me, bitch!" Dijet trumpeted, and his miniature prick popped forth as if by magic. 

Ythes was startled. Dijet always flirted outrageously, always made suggestions and demands, but had never actually seemed to expect a real response. Now he stood at the edge of the desk, hands on his hips, waving his little cock in the air in front of him, clearly waiting for her to service him. 

She glanced around the room. Was this some sort of test? "So if I give you head, you'll tell me where the Master is?"

"If you swallow it all, I'll tell you anything you want to hear." The homunculus said, leering.

She shrugged, pushing back an errant lock of ash-blonde hair. As if that would bother her! Leaning forward, she observed the familiars' equipment. Relative to the little bastard's 12 inch height, the cock was massive- easily the length of his arm from elbow to fingertip. That translated to well short of 2 inches total, though. It was also utterly featureless- like an egg-smooth cylinder that came to a blunt tip. His nuts were simply a pair tiny, perfectly round balls, and he was utterly hairless. 

She reached out with the tip of her tongue and let it rasp along the length of his tiny tool. He shuddered, and she smiled. This might be fun: she loved giving blow jobs at any time, and this would certainly be different, if nothing else. 

She had full, sensuous lips, and she pursed them around Dijet's member. Only the very tip penetrated beyond, and she whirled her tongue around it fiercely. 

"Ooh, yeah, baby. Take it! Take it all!" Dijet reached forward and reached for her ears, but the distance was too far, so he settled for the lock of hair that had again fallen forward, tugging on it like a rope. 

There wasn't a whole lot of technique she could apply on the little man: she was afraid of applying a whole lot of suction or any more vigorous tactic, so she simply kept up the lip and tongue action. She reached her hand around and picked him up, his ass cupped in the palm of her hand, and stood up, holding him to her face. He was virtually weightless. 

"Yeah, yeah!" Dijet was ecstatic. "Walk us over by the mirror. Yeah. That's it, baby. Look at that- that's me filling your throat, bitch. Hold still now- I'm almost there! Don't let me choke you!"

His little wings were fluttering furiously, and she let her hand drop. He hovered at her mouth, and his little ass began flexing impressively as he began pistoning in and out with frantic speed. She watched in the mirror as his mid-section became a blur with the inhuman speed of his pumping. Damn, too bad he couldn't be a little bigger, and do that in her cunt, she thought. Maybe an enlargement spell on the little bastard? Or she could shrink herself down to his size? IF she could perform either of those spells, dammit!

Dijet threw his head back in ecstasy. "Here it comes, bitch! Swallow it all!"

Where it came from she couldn't tell; his prick didn't even have a slit. But her mouth was suddenly filled with his cum; a foamy, warm substance with a texture somewhere between pudding and liquid. 

She swallowed and swallowed, and still he kept pumping. About the 5th load, she finally recognized the taste. Buttermilk? He came and came and came, and a lesser fellatrix would have lost the battle to swallow the entire load.

Finally he stopped, only his wings fluttering as he remained poised at her lips. She swallowed the last of the load and kept working his member.

His baton stayed as hard as a cylinder of ivory, but finally he pushed away, to hover a few feet away. He peered deeply into her eyes with a look that held mingled curiosity and respect.

"Maybe the Master was right about you, after all." He said, almost to himself, his tinny voice somehow coming across as thoughtful. 

She smiled. "I don't know- he never asked me to do that for him. Now, you were going to tell me where he is?"

"Alleghre wanted to boot you out when you weren't picking things up right away, you know." Dijet said, his head cocked to one side. "The Master said he saw something in you, though…."

She nodded, hardly surprised. Alleghre didn't try too hard to hide his contempt for her. "You were going to tell me where he is?" She reminded again, less gently.

Dijet suddenly swooped into a loop to loop, coming back to hover in the exact spot he had previously been in. He was obviously agitated. "Can't. I didn't think you'd be able to take it all- nobody else ever has."

She frowned at the little man. He was close enough for her to pounce on him before he could fly away, and she was debating if she should go that route when he spoke again.

"Listen, I can't tell you too much. There are …restrictions on me. But something bad has happened." His face lit up suddenly. "Alleghre- you need to talk to Alleghre. He can tell you everything."

She snorted. "Alleghre wouldn't give me the time of day. He loathes me."

Dijet smiled broadly, displaying a mouthful of pointy teeth in a decidedly predatory expression. "If you were wearing the strap-on dildo he hides in the chest beside his bed he wouldn't. I guarantee it. It's magic! Tie him to the bed-posts with the scarves it's wrapped in, and he'll be your slave. You can get him to tell you what happened to the master."

"What? Is Eldoras hurt? Is he dead?"

Dijet fluttered upwards, towards the ceiling and out of her reach. He began wringing his hands fearfully. "Can't tell, can't tell!" 

"Make Alleghre tell you. He'll be worn out from the- from the stuff he has to do tonight. You can sneak up on him easy. Wait till after midnight. There's a secret passageway into his room behind the statue of the centaur in the downstairs foyer. And you'll need to spread some this powder on the chest- it will remove the alarm spell and traps on it." The homunculus waved his hand and a leather pouch floated from a shelf into her hand. Opening it, she saw a glittering yellow powder the consistency of flour.

She considered this plan. Was the little bastard setting her up? Well, only one way to find out. Looking up, she smiled at the homunculus. "Thanks, Dijet."

He grinned down at her. "And when you're done, come back here and get some more of this!" He waved his still-erect phallus back and forth.

She had removed her apprentice robes and was wearing her night leathers, soft, supple, and utterly black. She felt comfortable and confident in them, with none of the tension or nervousness that she felt when she approached a new spell. 

Her skills as a thief made finding the secret passage ridiculously easy, and shortly after she was padding silently into Alleghre's room. The room was softly lit by a glowing moth that circled the room repeatedly. Ythes frowned softly; she would have found the moving light too distracting to sleep, she thought, but Alleghre was sprawled on his back on the bed, snoring softly. 

She moved to the chest on the bed cautiously. She could feel the danger emanating from the chest beside the bed, the same vibe that came from various other areas of the room. She had always had superlative instincts as a thief, and she trusted them implicitly.

She pulled a bit of the powder from the pouch Dijet had provided and sprinkled it on the chest, then another pinch. The feeling of danger subsided. Peering at the chest, she saw no other lock, and holding her breath she opened the chest. 

The strap-on was right there on the top of the items in the chest, wrapped in several lengths of silk. The removed it and closed the lid soundlessly. 

There were several scarves bound around the dildo, and she arranged them carefully on the floor beside the bed. She arranged them into loops, and tied a scarf to each bed post. She held two others in her mouth, and then moved to the head of the bed. 


Pausing, she breathed deeply while envisioning her next moves. 

When she was ready, she moved. Softly, gently, she lifted the Senior Apprentices' hand to the top of the bed and placed a loop around it. His breathing didn't even change, and she moved around the bed silently to bind the other hand. 

This time he groaned softly and twisted in the bed a little, but still didn't come close to awakening. "He's really worn out." She thought to herself. "Poor baby."

The twisting motion had pulled the bed spread off of Alleghre's body, and Ythes gasped. The Senior Apprentice had a woman's tits! Small, hardly a handful- or a mouthful- but definitely female. Alleghre was a woman? 

But the covers remained in place over Alleghre's groin, and Ythes would have to wait to confirm it. She secured one ankle, then the other. She could see the glow suffuse the bonds as she slipped the last loop over her foot: magic was now in play. 

She now swiftly went to each tie-down and tightened it. Alleghre came awake suddenly as Ythes jerked the bonds tight in rapid succession and jerked upright- or as much as the bonds allowed. Ythes took one of the scarves from her own mouth and stuffed it into Alleghre's, gagging her. She had meant for the last scarf to be a blindfold, but something made her hesitate.

She stared closely at the Senior Apprentice, noting his dark, fine-boned features. Handsome by any standards, the dark, liquid eyes were now filled with panic. 

"Shh." Ythes cooed softly. "I'm not going to hurt you. But we are going to have a little talk."

Alleghre tested the bonds with several frantic convulsions. As Ythes had suspected, the bonds were secure despite the relative lack of attention she had given them. Ythes noted Alleghre's' slender, almost girlish arms and clean-shaven armpits. . 

"Let's see what we have here, shall we?" Ythes said, and whipped the covers off her prisoner. 

She gasped again, moving around to the foot of the bed for a closer look. Alleghre was twisting furiously, writhing and trying to shout through the gag.

"Holy Tethys, Lady of Fornication! You're a- a hermaphrodite!"

Between the splayed legs of the Senior Apprentice lay a smallish cock, a tiny, almost vestigial scrotum, and beneath that, a narrow gash of cunt.

Ythes fairly dived between the legs for a closer look. Fascinated, she reached forth and flicked the flaccid penis with a finger. It was not particularly short, but very thin, and its head was small and very pointed. 

She traced her finger down to the balls, easily able to hold both gently in a single hand, and continued down to trace the thin pussy lips. There was very little pubic hair, only a thin wispy patch above the penis, and the lightest fuzz on the balls. 

Ythes glanced up and saw Alleghre craning to stare at her, his/her dark eyes flashing with anger and hatred. Staring straight into those eyes, Ythes deliberately reached out and grasped the prick with one hand, while with the other she stroked the sides of the cunt. 

Alleghre's eyes widened at the attention, then she scowled again, and Ythes grinned. She popped the cock into her mouth, vigorously bobbing up and down for several quick strokes, then pulled off and went immediately for the vagina, probing fiercely for the clitoris. She began to alternate rapidly between the two organs, and got the response she was looking for from both: the cock began to rise steadily and the cunt began to glisten. 

Ythes pulled back to sit up. "Oh, this is too good to be true! Alleghre, why do you hide this- it's marvelous! The best of both worlds!"

But despite Ythes' obvious enthusiasm, the anger did not fade from Alleghre's eyes, and suddenly Ythes remembered why she had come here. Sinuously, she wiggled back and off the bed. 

She began to disrobe as she walked to where she had laid the strap-on. "And here I thought you were just a little swishy, liking to take a dildo up the ass. But you want the real thing, don't you? You want a hard cock in your pussy, don't you? Well, let's see what I can do for you…"

She was naked in moments, and picked up the strap-on. She ogled it briefly. "Wow, this is a big one. It looks like it'd split that little gash of yours wide open. And it looks so real. What's it made of?" She touched the toy cock, and was amazed at its life-like feel. She couldn't resist, and took it into her mouth.

"Mmm. Now that is some useful magic. I think that's a real cock on there!" She noted. Eagerly, she strapped it on and walked towards the end of the bed, to a position between the bound he/she's legs. 

As she knelt to get on the bed, she playfully stroked the artificial cock between her legs, then leaped back off the bed, yelping. 

"I felt that!" She gasped. Her hands returned to the cock, and she stroked it again. "Holy Tethys!" She whispered hoarsely. "It's like it's attached to me- like it's my cock…"

She saw a look of triumph in Alleghre's eyes, and in a sudden panic un-strapped it, finding to her relief that the magic sensations were only temporary- the strap-on hadn't become part of her. Alleghre's eyes were laughing at her, mocking her.

She smiled back sweetly as she strapped it back on. "OK, then, Sunshine. Let's get to know each other."

In seconds she was plunged hilt-deep in the hermaphrodites' tight little honey-pot. Ythes found the sensations transferred to her through the strap-on to be incredible. What woman hadn't wondered what it was like to feel your cock plunging deep into a pussy? She could almost understand why so many men let their cocks rule them- the feelings of a cock were so different than from a pussy- so much less subtle, so much more …visceral. 

She wondered if the dildo would produce semen as it built towards orgasm, which it most definitely was...

She realized she was pounding Alleghre's tiny cunt like an untutored savage, and she pulled out suddenly till only the great, knobbed head rested inside. Her own heart was pounding fiercely, and she kept this position until her own breathing slowed.

She had almost forgotten about Alleghre's cock, miniscule in comparison to the strap-on. She angled herself so she could begin to thrust from a side angle, and she reached down to stroke the Senior Apprentices' member, which was rock hard, although not much thicker than her thumb. 

She was torn between wanting to take the hermaphrodite's cock inside her, mouth or cunt, and wanting to experience more of the strap-on. She thought if she could maybe suspend the Senior Apprentice upside down she could possibly do both at once, but not while strapped to the bed. 

So she decided to just keep fucking him/her, and she lifted the apprentice up, kneeling beneath her as she fed the strap-on slowly up her cunt to the hilt. Alternating long, slow strokes with rapid, plunging ones, she began stroking the she-male's cock in time with her thrusts, and Alleghre moaned around the gag. Leaning forward, she cupped a breast with her other hand, rolling the erect nipple in her hand.

On a whim, Ythes plucked the gag away. After all, at some point she had to get her questions answered. Alleghre's eyes were glazing with passion as she got fucked and stroked, and she continued to moan softly, her beautiful/handsome features twisting as she grimaced in ecstasy. Her moans came quicker and quicker, and Ythes began to feel the orgasm build in the strap-on, an incredibly intense sensation, so different than a vaginal orgasm. 

Alleghre came violently from cock and cunt, semen from his/her cock spurting onto her own torso, which Ythes quickly began lapping up. The hermaphrodites' cunt spasmed around the strap-on, and Ythes began to cum as well, the strap-on producing twitching convulsions but apparently no fluid. Ythes moaned herself with the intensity of the artificial orgasm. Finally it ended, and she pulled herself away.

Her cunt was on fire, and she impetuously pulled out of the hermaphrodite and slipped around to a sixty-nine position. Alleghre didn't hesitate in the least, her tongue diving upwards to Ythes' engorged, dripping pussy-lips even as Ythes returned to her oral favor on both sets of genitals. 

It was several hours later before she finally got around to getting her questions answered….

Ythes hugged the other lesser apprentices' goodbye as she prepared to leave the mage's tower forever. 

"Why don't you stay and see what the new master is like?" Asked Gully, her best friend amongst Eldoras' former pupils. "You're not ready to go out adventuring on your own- they'll find out your not a real wizard and leave you behind in some dark dungeon or something."

Ythes smiled and shook her head. "Alleghre said the new master isn't nearly as nice as Eldoras was, and not interested in teaching. He was already planning on getting rid of most of the apprentices. That'd leave me out in the cold- he'd never let me get away with all this stuff."
