 Just a quick note to my fellow authors, especially those that like to point out the use of the 'wrongly used but correctly spelled word'; when a woman drops her panties - you cannot see her Vagina (unless you have a speculum inserted). You can see her vulva and labia. Now a dick or fingers or a tongue or a toy can be inserted into a vagina but you have to travel through her dripping wet, warm labia first. You can use the generic 'pussy' for that whole wonderful area down there or the 'c' word if things are getting really hot. So please get current with female anatomy. 

*****

Day Before the Eclipse.

From previous stories you might know that a bicycle accident left me in a coma from a brain concussion. When I awoke I had a power or mind control ability that worked only with woman. I can center on specific sexual centers of their bodies or target specific thought centers to enhance feelings. I never force females but tap into their deep thoughts and bring those feelings to the surface. This story is just another of those bazaar occasions.

I had time off from medical college and decided to take a mountain bike trip. There is a local National Park with a trail head that leads up the mountain to a wide meadow that would be perfect to view the Super Blood Wolf Moon Eclipse. I packed all my light weight camping gear and instant food for a three day trip.

I drove a few hours out to the National Park to the parking lot of the trail head starting point. I was signing the visitor register when the Park Ranger came by to check on supplies in the box. She was young and well put together. She had long brunet hair tied back in a pony tail that reached down to her belt and a smile that went on forever. Gee I love a woman in uniform!

She asked me my plans and then said I was gonna catch perfect weather for the eclipse. She touched my arm as she said, "The meadow has been recently cut and the standing stones cleared of weeds. The brook and pond water was crystal clear with mountain rain runoff. And that surprisingly there would be no other hikers in the area," and lowering her voice, said, "It would be safe swimming like the day I was born."

"Standing stones? I didn't know the meadow had standing stones," I asked.

"Well some say the large rocks are just 'erratics' left behind by the receding glaciers. But perhaps Native Americans rolled them into their grouping. We'll never know for sure," she said as she moved very close to me and looked up with her doe eyes sparkling.

I let my power slip into her and read some of her deep thoughts being slightly on the submissive side. My powers bathed onto her fun parts warming them and she giggled when I suggested she come by and join me in my one person tent and sleeping bag. As I sensed her getting moist under her uniform shorts and saw her nips push out her blouse she blushingly whispered, "If it's only one person gear where would I sleep?" 

I used my powers to read her deeper sexual thoughts and found therein a very adventurous female. She was ok in giving pleasure while she got her own. She was not shy in sharing herself if the guy knew what he was doing and led her through her needs with a tiny bit of control.

I read her name badge. "Well Nancy, the first time I'd take you directly under me while I hold myself up on my elbows and rest on your warm full naked breasts; then the next time I think spoons with me pushed up and in your warm full ass; and the last time you'd be directly on top sitting on my thick eight inch cock while I pull on your plump long nipples! Does that sound like a plan?" I challenged her.

"Oh my you're getting me all wet down there and I'm gonna spoil my uniform shorts. You've made me all horney with your naughty suggestions. I can't get up to the meadow this weekend but if you come into my office I'll give you my number and perhaps we can hook up soon," she whispered deeply and rubbed her tits against my arm. 

"I'll come in your office if that's what you wanna call it," I laughed. 

She slapped my arm then walked to the small office and unlocked the door. She leaned over the desk to get some paper and her ass was stretching that fabric to the maximum. I pushed the door closed and moved behind her and pushed on her back squashing her tits to the desk top. "Stay!"

I rubbed her ass and squeezed her cheeks hard. She moaned then hissed when I reached under her and unbuttoned her shorts and downed the zipper. I reached in and found the gusset of her panties all wet. I moved my finger atop her love knot and let my power pour out and by swiftly rubbing that knot brought her to a quick powerful orgasm. 

She screamed into her arms on the desk and her legs went weak. I pulled her khaki shorts down to her boots then grabbed a scissors off the desk. I cut her pink panties away from her hips. She moaned deeply as I pulled them backwards and they ran through her wet pussy lips. I balled them and stuck them in my back pocket. She spread her legs as best she could with her shorts trapped by her boots. Her wet pussy lips were highlighted by a shaft of sun shining through the small window.

Nancy moaned as she heard my zipper go down. I always go commando so my thick long cock popped out and I took it in my hand. I ran my hard thick cockhead through her dripping shaved pussy and with one shove buried my eight inch cock down into her pussy. Remembering her needs I used my powers to drive her through a massive orgasm just from getting filled with a thick long cock. Her ass shook against my groin as she bathed my balls with hot pussy cum.

I pulled my dick back then pounded it forwards over and over driving her pussy lips and clit against the side of the desk. I grabbed her pony tail and used it to pull her ass back against my cock. I dropped my cock into her deep down causing another orgasm to rack her body. She was moaning, "Oh Fuck, oh Fuck, oh Fuck!" I'm cumming again, cumming again. Damm you have a great cock!" as she shook through another orgasm.

"Nancy, I think I wanna drop my hot thick load down your fine ass! Beg me to do that; to open your asshole and drown it with hot cum. Pull those fat ass cheeks wide open and show me your dark star and where to bury my fat cock," I growled and slapped her ass several times, making the sting run up her spine. 

She didn't speak right away so I slapped her ass hard over and over until she started weeping. "Fuck my ass please. Open it wide and shoot your hot cum deep down. Make me cum as you abuse this nasty girl's ass!" she moaned as she reached back and pulled her ass cheeks apart.

I fucked her pussy for several more minutes then pulled out. I placed my fat cockhead against her anal star and slapped it with my fat dickhead. Her anus would pulse each time I dick slapped her slightly dark star. I pushed slightly and used my powers to soften her anal ring and my fat dickhead slipped inside. Nancy growled as more of my fat eight inches slid deep into her ass. She blew out a long hissing breath as my balls kissed against her dripping pussy lips.

"Oh this is so dirty, so naughty, so slutty but your cock feels soooo good filling my ass. Pound my dirty ass and shoot your hot cum deep inside me," Nancy moaned.

I pounded away against her ass cheeks again rubbing her pussy against the desk. I pulled on her pony tail so hard she raised her chest off the desk. I slipped my hand under her uniform blouse and grabbed her tit hard. She had on a low cup bra and quickly her nipple hardened and I pinched it hard. She moaned and her ass chute pulsed on my cock as she orgasmed again. The tightness of her ass pulsing on my cock pushed me over the edge as I felt my cum start its rise up my cock tube. I shot five, six, seven globs of thick cum down her ass as I rode my cock through her tight anal ring.

I leaned my head forward and bit into her neck leaving a bruise but not breaking the skin. "Mark me, mark me! Make me your slut!" she moaned.

I left my cock in her ass as I moved its thickness back and forth within her. I finally pulled my cock out and watched as the "O" of her anus let my cum leak out and run between her pussy lips.

"You better catch that cum before it drips onto your uniform shorts and leaves a big stain," I laughed as I slapped her ass. I watched as her hand rubbed her pussy lips and gathered my cum on her fingers. She then brought those fingers to her mouth and sucked them clean. She returned her hand several times until no more white thick goo leaked down.

I pulled her around and down by her hair until she dropped to her knees. "Clean my cock!" I ordered as I pushed my dickhead against her lips. They opened and my cock slid along her tongue until it hit the back of her throat. She gagged slightly but tightened her mouth around my cock and washed it with her tongue. Her lips tightened as I slowly withdrew my dick.

I walked to the desk and grabbed a pencil and paper. "Cell number slut!" I growled. She took the pencil and paper and wrote her number than handed it to me. "Now put your master's cock carefully away, slut," I ordered. Carefully Nancy slipped my cock back into my pants after kissing my fat dickhead. "I'll try to catch you on my way back to my Jeep after the eclipse," I promised. Then I walked out the door to get my bike and gear. So far this trip was working out.

I rode my mountain bike for miles up the mountain trails stopping occasionally for water and snacks and to enjoy the view. The day was warm with a breeze making the ride easy. After a few hours I reached the meadow. I placed my bike against a tree and looked down a slight decline to the sparkling pond. I walked down to it and took off my shoes and bike clothes. I dipped my sweaty clothes in the cold water then lay them on the sunny bank.

As I stepped a foot into the pond the water a few yards out became disturbed. I watched a black shape just below the water rise up. Then a beautiful face appeared then shoulders that the black hair then covered. When two large breasts surfaced I knew it was a woman. The breasts were nice and full. Not the F or G cup size that adolescent boys draw on their fantasy anime characters but a nice firm D cup. On each was a dark areole and because of the cold water very firm dark full nipples.

She continued to rise and a pillow tummy ended in a dark hair covered vulva. She rose no further and the clear pond water lapped against her labia and awashed her long black hair around her hips and ass. She smiled brightly but did not walk any further.

"The breeze is blowing your very ripe scent towards me and I find it very strong. You stink! Come enter the water and wash away your scent," she said laughing while looking me over and stopping at my groin. Her speech had a strange accent perhaps Irish but somewhat older more ancient sounding. 

What I have always liked about my cock is that it always stays its full eight thick inches and just gets hard when I'm aroused. The companion large balls make for an intimidating package. I felt no embarrassment as I entered the water. As I walked forward she retreated until we were chest deep in the water standing so close I could feel her hard nipples against me.

She put her hands around my neck and suddenly wrapped her legs around my waist capturing my cock against her labia and my abs. Even in the cold water a warmth caressed the underside of my cock. Her pussy lips rose up my cock until she reached my dickhead. With a slight shift of her hips my dickhead entered her warm wet pussy and she slowly slid down on my fat cock.

She settled down on my cock and I felt my dickhead push against the very tight end of her vagina. She moaned and rotated her hips circling my cockhead in warm tight wetness. She rose up and slid back down on my cock. She rode my cock up and down using the waves she generated to support her firm ass. My hands had moved onto her ass to support her and I squeezed each cheek. My long fingers from each side slid between her ass cheeks and played with her back door.

"You're a little nasty boy playing there without permission," she laughed reading me with her deep penetrating blue eyes. "Now hold me while I cum on your nice thick cock. It's a pleasure discovering a strong virile man with a long thick cock visiting my meadow," she said and started riding my cock up and down in her feminine oven. She dropped to my balls and my dickhead hit the top of her pussy and kissed the doorway to her womb. 

Her pussy tightened and her eyes bulged and her teeth were bared as she shook through a strong orgasm. My cock was crushed against the walls of her pussy as it pulsed over and over. There was a warmth on my balls in the cold water as her juices flowed down my cock. She slowed and placed her face on my neck and biting there broke the skin and drank some of my warm blood. She kissed the wound and the pain went away. She moved to my lips and kissed me deeply as we inhaled each other's breath. It seemed to invigorate me.

"Carry me to the beach and fuck me hard and deep and give up your strength by filling me with your cum!" she intoned. 

I carried her out of the water as its cold ran between us. She was still imbedded on my hard cock as I dropped to my knees and lay her on her back. The shore was covered with small smooth stones brought down the mountain by the brook. I knelt and pulled her hips towards me and buried my cockhead against her womb. I pulled back to its head and rammed it back in hard. I did that for several minutes watching her tits wriggle on her chest. 

The cool breeze kept her nipples rock heard and I could not resist. I brought my lips onto a nipple and sucked hard. I was shocked to taste warm milk flow over my tongue and I nursed on that fat breast. When that one emptied I moved to the other and drank it dry. I then bit the nipple on her left tit and pulled it out with my teeth. I was still running my pussy lubed cock in and out of her tight cunt pushing my pubic ridge against her swollen clit.

"You call what you are doing fucking me hard and deep?" she rebuked me. "Fuck me with your big cock or pull out and go home!"

I got angry and started pounding her hard driving her ass into the pebbles and shaking her tits and causing her pussy to froth. She moaned each time my dickhead punched her cervix and pushed her hips upwards to meet my cock driving down. She wrapped her strong legs around my back and ground her clit against the base of my cock.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she moaned and her pussy gripped my cock and pulsed over and over. Warm fluid poured out from her pussy lips causing me to build to my orgasm. She slammed her hips up towards me and squeezed her cunt tight on my cock each time it went deep. It felt like her cunt was milking my cock like a farm girl on the prized family cow. My balls pulled up tight then pulsed and I screamed as each bolt of cum shot out my engorged dickhead. Six, seven, eight blasts of cum burned out my dickhead as I drove my cock deep on each blast.

My chest was heaving as I dropped onto her pillow breasts and our sweat merged on our torsos. With great strength she rolled me off her onto my side with my cock still filling her pussy. She tightened her pussy trapping my cum within so none leaked out. She tenderly ran her hands across my chest then licked off my sweat.

She pushed me to my back and my pussy and cum covered cock slid out. She moved down my abs and took my cock into her warm mouth. She took all of my softening eight inches into her mouth and throat and ran her tongue under and over my cock. She pulled back to my dickhead and sucked a few small dribbles of cum from my tube. She let my cock slip out and held it against my abs as she licked my balls clean of male and female cum.

She then bit softly up my body nipping each nipple and again bit into my neck and sucked the trickle of blood that oozed. She nestled against my chest and we slept in the warm afternoon sum. We awoke when the air became chilly and she walked me back into the cold mountain pond to rinse off our sweat and fluids. We walked out of the water and her wet black hair reached to the apex of her full ass cheeks. She asked help with her hooded robe of red wool. She stayed naked underneath. 

"Walk your bike with me to my hut. You will spend your few days with us there being our guest. You will be well cared for while with us. Don't forget your biking clothes but you won't need them until you leave," she said as if that was the plan all along. I then realized she kept saying 'us' and I began to wonder who else.

She took my right arm and we walked up the dirt ramp. I placed my wet biking clothes on my handlebars then walked my bike left-handed as she still held onto my right. We crossed the field moving around the waist high standing stones. Suddenly a raven landed on her left shoulder and it made me jump.

"Don't worry about her. I won't let her peck out your eyes unless you're disrespectful," she laughed lightly as the raven cawed loudly.

We arrived at the edge of a thick corpse of trees and tucked inside was a small hunter or hiker hut. A small wisp of smoke rose from the rock chimney. A small garden has tended and all manner of herbs and vegetables hung from the roof eves drying in the sun. The raven flew to the eve and cawed loudly. We walked into a well lit one room area and there stood a naked woman of great beauty. Her flaming red hair came long and full to her ass which I had a great desire to kiss. When she turned towards the sound we made I took in a deep loud breath. Her deep green eyes bore into me as if to "test my mettle."

I could not hold her gaze and looked down embarrassingly seeing firm young breasts with pointed nipples. Her tummy had a bump suggesting fertility and a tuft of red hair covering her mons and wisps of red played across her vulva. When my eyes drifted northward I was met with a warm wide smile.

"I hope you find me pleasing stranger, I am Áine. Some that are besotted with me call me a fairy goddess but I think they are swept away by their exaggerations," she said laughing sweetly and added, "And who has Morgan brought to our humble abode."

I stood smitten by this beauty and could not speak. Áine put aside her stirring spoon and crossed to me and kissed me sweetly on the lips. She reached down and put a dainty hand around my straight out rock hard cock. "I'll take your tumescent spear as a sign of your appreciation of my beauty. But for now let's leave this for later and come sit for supper, um?" she asked still seeking my name. 

"Um, I'm Zach, yes that's it, Zach is my name," I stumbled. Morgan laughed deeply and said to Áine that, "He is bewitched already and we need not do any spells on the poor boy or he won't be able to speak or move.

Áine moved me to the table and told me to watch out that I don't hit that thing (my cock) on the table and laughed deeply. She placed a wooden bowl and spoon in front of me and ladled in a hardy stew rich in aroma of vegetables and herbs and some meat. I saw a rabbit skin stretched and drying over the hearth. Both women filled a bowl the same and then sat opposite me. I was lost in either two sets of penetrating eyes or full enticing breasts, one set that I knew held nurturing milk.

Áine told me to eat already and I could have her breasts later tonight as we settled into bed. I looked across the room and only one large bed filled that wall. "Will it be ok if you sleep between two naked women tonight or do you want the rocker and the quilt?" I stumbled to answer and they both laughed again.

When we touched from passing the bread or butter my powers did not work on them. I could neither feel their emotions nor read their thoughts. Were my powers lost or were they much stronger than I? I gave up trying and just finished my meal. Áine brought out an amber liquid to drink and I realized it was mead. A full stomach of stew and mead and all my activity at the lake had me sleepy all too soon. The women had incense burning in various cups throughout the hut which added to the eerie atmosphere of the place. 
