 Ythes kept her eyes fixed on the stone statue above her as she scaled the sheer side of the tower in the dusk of twilight. Carven in the image of a griffon-like monstrosity, the statue- like its twin on the opposite side of the tower- was ensorcelled to come to life and swoop down on any approaching intruder it detected.

Ythes had been assured that the spell of invisibility cast over her was highly specialized, and would allow her to escape the notice of the statue for as long as the spell lasted, but she had enough experience with spells and spell-casters to remain skeptical. 

Her lithe, athletic body was clad entirely in dark grey from head to toe; only her eyes remained uncovered. The magic attached to the ebony spider amulet she wore allowed her to climb the smooth, almost seamless stone of the tower like an arachnid. 

As she approached the small balcony suspended a score of feet or so below the statue, she slowed her ascent, listening closely. Through the closed glass doors of the balcony she could hear a woman moaning in passion rhythmically. 

Ythes smiled grimly. The Baron seemed to be hard at play, as expected. With the grace of a panther she slipped over the rail of the balcony and into the shadows beside the door. Motionless, she would be nearly invisible even after the spell wore off, as it soon must. 

"He's really laying it to her." Ythes observed silently, and with a touch of envy. The moaning steadily rose to a crescendo, and the woman began to scream in orgasm. 

Ythes fought the urge to squirm, but felt the heat begin in her nether regions as she listened to the fucking beyond the glass. There was silence for a few long minutes, and then suddenly she heard footsteps approach as the baron came to the balcony doors, throwing them open. He wore an emerald robe against the cool of the night air, but it hung open, and he was naked beneath. His cock was still erect and jutting forth beneath the curve of his mild pot-belly. It glistened in the moonlight with its coating of male and female cum-juices. At its base was a narrow band of dark green. Jade, she had been told, and carven with intricate and potent runes. 

She could see in the moonlight that the Baron was a handsome enough man of medium height, with a slightly graying goatee. He held a long, delicately carved pipe, from which an intoxicating tobacco smell wafted. He leaned against the balcony and enjoyed the pipe for several long, silent moments while Ythes crouched hardly a foot away in the shadows, fighting an almost hysterically funny urge to reach out and grab that wonderful looking cock. 

Finally, he turned and called out softly. "Fetch me the girl." 

Moments later, a tall, buxom, red haired woman clad only in lace stockings, garter and a frilly corset that thrust her massive, bare tits forward escorted a slender, brown haired girl, out onto the balcony. The girl was naked and apparently heavily drugged, for she swayed heavily as the redhead gripped her arm. 

"Was the message sent today?" The Baron asked as he took the girl by the arms and moved her forward to the balcony railing.

"Yes, milord." Murmured the redhead. She had a deep, husky voice that almost radiated sexuality. 

The baron grinned as he bent the girl forward over the rail. "Good." He said. He positioned himself carefully behind the girl and rammed his cock into her cunt. She grunted softly, and made a soft mewing sound as he began to pump slowly into her. 


Every evening that he chose to 'entertain' in his tower, he had the same message sent to one Adolph Gustave: "If you'd like to see your daughter tonight, I'll be swiving her on my balcony between the hours of 8 and 10 bells". 

Thus did the Baron deal with defeated enemies, and Gustave had opposed him in a certain commercial enterprise that resulted in a poor choice for Gustave- his own life, or his daughter in venal servitude to the Baron.

As the Baron was otherwise occupied, the red-headed women waived an urgent hand at the shadows hiding Ythes, who quickly sprang up and darted soundlessly into the room, which was a huge bed chamber, dominated by a circular bed surrounded by candelabra and mirrors at various angles. On the bed, face down and eyes closed, a beatific grin on her face, was a black woman, her bare ass still propped enticingly in the air at the edge of the bed. The recipient of the Baron's previous fucking, Ythes surmised. The black girl stirred feebly and moaned softly. Fearful that she would be discovered, Ythes dived under the bed. 

From her vantage under the bed, Ythes discovered that with so many mirrors at so many angles, she could see the entire chamber, as well as the balcony, where the Baron was still pumping the brown haired girl steadily, while still smoking the pipe with an off hand. When he was finished on the balcony, the baron grinned and waved in what must have been the general direction of Gustave's house. Turning, he simply left the girl draped over the railing, as he returned to the bed chamber. 

The red-head accompanied him. "What would milord wish next?" She asked huskily. 

The Baron paused at a table with a decanter of spirits and poured himself a healthy shot. Downing it, he smacked his lips appreciatively. 

"Let's see…" he mused. "I may just have a second go at this dusky piece."

He slapped the posterior of the black woman, who yelped and giggled and twirled around on the bed. Her body was magnificent, Ythes reflected, with almost impossibly huge tits and a bulging ass between a waspishly thin waist. The Baron shook his prick at her, and she eagerly crawled forward to engulf if between her thick, sensuous lips. 

Ythes found she could watch from several angles, and her gaze moved from a silhouette of the mouth-on-cock action, to the fascinating wiggling of that wonderful ass and those pendulous tits as they hung downward. The Baron threw back his head and groaned as the woman bobbed ferociously up and down on his rod, gobbling at his manhood. He grabbed the woman's long black hair fiercely with both hands and began pumping deep into her throat. The woman's hand snaked back between her legs to frig her clit furiously, and Ythes moved her own hand to her own cunt, rubbing gently through the soft fabric of her clothes. 

The Baron grunted and pulled his cock from the woman's lips to let long, ropy strings of semen shoot forth over her face. She eagerly snatched at it in the air with her mouth like a dog after a thrown bone. Amazingly, the Baron grabbed her and spun her around, then thrust her ankles up over his shoulders and buried his cock in her cunt. In moments the woman was moaning again as she had while Ythes climbed the tower, and this time Ythes had to stifle her own as she strummed her own slit in time with the sounds. 

The Baron had a nice ass, she observed as it flexed with his thrusts. If he got this sort of workout regularly, that was hardly a wonder though. The black woman was definitely a moaner and a screamer. When she came she was shrieking as if being murdered, and the Baron obviously loved it. 

He flung himself beside her on the bed, panting heavily. Ythes strove for a clear look at his exposed cock, which was still standing magnificently upright, the dark circle still ringing its base. Naturally, she thought. 

That little toy was going to bring her a pretty penny, and she thought that for once an item might actually be worth every coin. 

"Cas-san-dra…" The Baron crowed slowly, with his eyes still closed. "I think it's finally your turn. Why don't you climb up here and clean me off with your tits".

The redhead shot a significant glance at the darkness under the bed, and for the first time Ythes had an insight into why the woman had betrayed her master, for Ythes saw pain there in her eyes. She realized what the woman was hoping for- that without the magical properties of the cock-ring to turn him into a fucking machine, the Baron would possibly be something closer to what the redhead was hoping for in a husband. 

Finally well after midnight, the Baron was finally sated, and he lay back on the bed spread eagled. "Get out. All of you. Take the slut off the balcony, too." 

The redheaded woman ushered the others out in a parade of the disheveled and exhausted. She damped all of the candelabra but one and bowed to the baron "Good night, milord".

The Baron waved a negligent hand in her direction, never opening his eyes. Silently, she left the room, closing the double doors behind her, but with a last glance at the darkness under the bed, and a short, purposeful nod. 

Ythes stared intently at the Baron now as he stroked his still erect and invincible cock absently. 

Finally, he grasped the narrow ring of jade that encircled and, mumbling a word, pulled it away. The effect was immediate- his cock wilted to a frail memory of itself, and he sighed one last time in pleasure. 

Exhausted, he made as if to rise and put the ring away, but then simply fell back on the pillow, and instead placed it carefully on the satin pillow to his left. 

Ythes grinned ferally and readied herself at last. After a few brief moments, the baron began to snore softly, and she made her move. Snaking herself out from under the bed, she pounced across it, vaulting over the Baron, who woke with a surprisingly girlish scream, his hands instinctively protecting his face and his groin. 

Ythes cleared him easily and scooped up the ring from its rest on the pillow. With a forlorn shriek the Baron started up. "No! Guards! Guards" He screamed shrilly.

Never losing her momentum, Ythes streaked out the open balcony door and launched herself in a smooth diver's arc over it, arms outstretched like some great bird of prey. She felt the rush of sensation as the lights of the city below rushed up at her, and part of her conscious was aware of the crashing noise from above as the Guardian Statue came to sudden life. 

With a word she activated the power of the ring on her left hand, and her plunge halted suddenly with a few dozen feet of the ground, turning into a slow, feather soft fall. She glanced up and saw the Statue launch itself downwards at her, its ridiculously short wings splayed wide and its stone talons already extending towards her to rip and tear.

Before she even landed she activated the power of the ring on her opposite hand, and was suddenly ethereal as well. She closed her eyes as she sank through the cobblestones of the street, and winced as she heard the crashing impact of the statue against them moments after she had passed through. In seconds, she was in the sewers, and she cancelled both powers.

Turning, she raced down the well-rehearsed route of her escape route, which eventually led to the contracted reward promised her for recovery of the magical ring. But not before she got a decent nights work out of it from its perch on the first drunken slob she ran across.