 This is a work of erotic fan fiction with equal emphasis on sex, story, and worldbuilding. The begining of this chapter is focused on plot, but gets more and more sex-focused as it goes on. Fetishes included are: futanari, huge cock, excessive cum, cum inflation, and futa-on-futa sex. Sex-to-story ratio: 5/5 

Chapter 10: Refractory Period 

The three of them were in Zelda's office now, high up in the tallest spire of the Royal Palace. Linkette, Zelda, and Cynthia were all together to discuss, learn, and plan, but so far the three remained withdrawn into their own private thoughts. 

Zelda was pacing incessantly, back and forth across the large office. Her flaccid, fourteen-inch cock bounced and wobbled with every step, jostled by her balls shifting beneath it with the motions of her legs. Occasionally her cock would sway just far enough to be smacked about by her knee lurching forward, sending it into a chaotic and flailing swing that ended in a loud SMACK! of her shaft against her thigh. She spared no attention for it, feeling no pleasure or pain with the powerful seal in place, nor did she bother to think of the slimy trail of cum her feet was crushing into the carpet. 

She was still stark nude, like all of them, and coated in her own semen. None of them had bothered to clean themselves after the explosion of jizz they had all taken part of only a half hour before. Zelda's office, which she had always taken such care to keep away from any sexual associations, was now blanketed by a choking and overpowering musk of cum and sex. 

Zelda's belly was bouncing just as much as her cock. It had shrunk down by that time to the size of a modest pregnancy, and that's because every few minutes she burped up another mouthful of the cum Linkette had flooded her stomach with. She had saved large samples of the jizz earlier to study, both the buckets of cum straight out of Linkette's cock and the first few mouthfuls that escaped from the intense pressure of her belly, but now each erratic mouthful of salty white fluid that squeezed up her throat was unceremoniously spit into a corner of the room while she continued with her intense line of thought. 

Linkette was sitting on a couch, staring down at her own cock lying on the surface of the seat. It was the first time she'd ever seen herself at half-mast, the first time her erection hadn't been raging, throbbing, as hard as it could physically get. When she was young it had always been soft, when she got older she would wake up one day with it hard and another with it soft, and then for what felt like an eternity it had been just hard, always hungry for something it didn't know. Now, she simply basked in the glorious sensation of satisfaction that had been so absent from her life. She didn't have a driving, maddening compulsion to fuck something, anything, to stroke herself furiously in the distant prayer that maybe this time her hands would be enough to make herself cum. 

A soft smile was glued to her face. She knew that whatever she had done, cumming into Zelda's mouth, hadn't really solved her need. She could feel the hints of lust and desire still lingering in the core of her cock, she could feel that the core of her libido was still throbbing strong, but that was okay. She was happy for the moment; she'd realized that all the sex she'd had since leaving the forest had filled her up with other Hylians' cum, that their releases had all been absorbed by her body and packed in the tight confines of her balls. All of their release had become her frustration, and it had been made a thousand times worse by standing in Zelda's mountains of cum to rescue Malon. Her balls had swelled at least three times their previous size in that short time. 

Now, Linkette was back to normal. Now she had expelled all that extra cum, she'd poured out everything inside her that wasn't her own cum into Zelda's gut. She was back to zero, back to how she felt before she left the forest, and the incredible pressure and build up in frustration she'd acquired since meeting Malon made itself known in its sudden and wonderful absence. 

Cynthia was sitting on the floor, as there was no furniture that could hope to fit her. Her womb was massively expanded, so large that it dwarfed the rest of her body a dozen times over. The only reason she had been able to squeeze through the door into the large office at all was Zelda's ability to cast magic, expanding the stone of the halls and doorways around Cynthia as they transported her. As a Matron, she'd been stuffed full of Zelda's cum every day for months. It was a sensation she was used to, but the absurd quantity of magic semen flooding her uterus and inflating her womb surpassed even the boggling size the Sixth Matron would endure, who took the full brunt of Zelda's fully awakened cock before Impa began to seal it back to its flaccid size, and Cynthia was only the Second Matron. 

She was lost in a trance, her eyes glowing gold as she muttered magic words beneath her breath. She was trying to spend the cum immobilizing her as fast as possible, and her first priority to do so was purifying the air around the Palace and Castle Town; tendrils of magic invisible to the eye spread from her out beyond the walls of the palace, exerting her will through Zelda's power to change the atmosphere itself. As long as the pungent musk of Zelda's cum continued to permeate the air of Hyrule, none of the citizens would be able to pick themselves off the ground from their haze of lust. With the potency of the smell, and god-like cataclysm of the White Flood masking Hyrule Field, Cynthia would be shocked if the people were even conscious enough to fuck each other. With that intense concentration of lust aura they were probably all lying flat in the streets, unable to move or think but for the bucking of her hips as they came without pause. 

Zelda stopped pacing in front of her desk, letting out a long sigh. She leaned back against the corner of it, smearing the remnant cum still clinging to the cleavage of her ass across its surface. Her taut apple-sized balls slipped between her legs to bob heavily against the dark oak surface, and her dick hung limply over her crossed knees. 

"Hyrule is in trouble," she said, her murmured voice burdened by dark thoughts. "Our country is in greater peril than it has possibly ever faced before, from several different angles. The... incident between Linkette and I would have been catastrophe on its own, there's no telling what kinds of effects my semen will have soaking into the land." Absentmindedly, she whisked a seeping drop of that very semen away from her face as it threatened to drip off her eyebrow. "The atmosphere of magic will certainly grow more potent. The magical barrier around the kingdom must be reinforced to prevent the magic from seeping out into the lands beyond, or we will face a war with the humans." 

Linkette frowned, looking up from her half-chub log. "War with the humans? I don't understand, the Deku Tree told me that humans can't enter Hyrule. The magic in the air turns them into stalfos, that's why he has to split lost human kids into Kokiri and Fairies and make them magic beings too." 

"You're right, they can't enter Hyrule. That doesn't mean we're safe from them." Zelda held out her hand, palm up, and a small warm fire materialized in the air over it. "We Hylians have magic, we can make the impossible reality with a few words and an ounce of concentration. Humans, being constitutionally allergic to magic, had to find other ways to survive and thrive in nature's barbed bosom. They've created weapons that can hurl explosives miles into the distance, and before I developed the barrier to prevent Hyrule's magic influence from spreading, they grew very adept at poisoning the land they were forced to abandon so that we could not use it. The humans can't conquer us, no, but they can make us bleed, and that's not something we can afford right now." 

Linkette gulped, nodding her head with grim understanding. 

Zelda stood up, dick swaying between her knees as she walked around the other side of her desk and moved the conversation along. "On top of that, we can almost certainly expect new breeds and variations of monsters to appear as animals take in and are transformed by the magic. The existence of dragons is supposedly caused by one of my distant ancestors breaking loose from the castle and doing much the same to a region of Death Mountain's landscape... but that catastrophe is not even a footnote compared to the true threat." 

Cynthia nodded grimly. "The Gerudo. They attacked Linkette and I in her room, and the two other Matrons we checked were missing from their chambers with signs of struggles. If Lady Impa has been taken as well then... I am the only Matron left in Hyrule. And I'm not strong enough to seal your cock's power on my own." 

Zelda let out a long and weary sigh as she leaned on her hands, smearing cum across the surface of her desk. "I wish that were the problem. It would be terrible for my own quality of life, reduced again to an endless fountain of semen, but Hyrule has existed for millenia with my ancestors living such lives, we have the systems to handle it dormant and waiting. No, that is not nearly the greatest disaster to befall us today." 

Zelda raised her head, glaring fierce intensity into Cynthia's eyes. "The Gerudo have captured the Matrons. Should any of them break beneath their tortures, the desert dwellers will have the power to erase cities from the map." 

Cynthia and Linkette both gawked, jaws hanging open at Zelda's declaration. Cynthia was the first to recover, shaking her head in denial. "But-but even if they learn the magic, they would need your cum to fuel it!" 

Zelda straightened her spine, reaching behind her to the window at her back. Without looking away she unlatched the window, pushed it open, and ran her hand across the window sill outside. Her fingers came up invisible beneath a fat solid lump of her own pungent cum, only a small sample of the millions of gallons she'd bathed Hyrule Field and her castle in hours before. 

Cynthia clapped her hand over her own nose, pinching it shut as she shouted "Okay, okay! I get it, close the window before the smell makes me pass out from horniness!" 

Zelda did so, and a quick spell purified the air in the office. Cynthia sighed in relief, breathing in a deep breath. Linkette, having taken this distraction as time to think, stared at them both with a dumbfounded expression. 

"What do you mean they can wipe cities off the map? How?! And why?! Who would do something like that?!" 

When Zelda looked to Linkette, she couldn't help but smile softly for a moment at the sight of her. The attraction between them was indescribable and undeniable; just having her nearby made the Princess feel better in the face of their crisis. 

"Love, I think you know better than anyone that there is a power in my cum. It's the semen of Goddess Nayru, and five years ago I created a kind of magic that is able to harness it as a source of power. We use it peacefully, to purify the water, enrich the soil, and speed the growth of the crops, such things as that. If that power, in all its magnitude, was turned towards destruction and evil? It would be... horrifying." 

Linkette flapped her arms helplessly. "But... why would they?" 

Cynthia scowled. "Because they're thieves and killers, and always have been! Those double-dicked sand dwellers have raided Hyrule for centuries and--!" 

"Cynthia." Zelda's voice was even and cool, and instantly silenced the young woman. Cynthia shrunk into herself, as much as she could with a womb the size of a bathtub, and Zelda spoke without acknowledging it. 

"Linkette, the Hylians and the Gerudo have been feuding for millenia. If the Kingdom of Hyrule was founded on my family and the Triforce of Vitality, then our walls and castles were founded against the Gerudo. In truth, it's impossible to say which of our tribes started it--yes, Cynthia, don't look offended, we were very much a tribe back in those ancient days--but it hardly matters at this point. Their people steal our wealth and kidnap or rape our citizens, our soldiers raid their hideouts and slaughter their warriors. Atrocities have been committed on both sides for a very, very long time. The last time we went to war with them, my mother used my semen to create a super-powered army that nearly wiped them from the face of the world. They've been paying tribute to us ever since, even when the rebellion started, even after the rebels killed my mother. The Gerudo were just too devastated to act on our weakness then... and when I gained the throne, I was afraid abolishing the tribute would just be a sign of weakness to them. Regardless, they've certainly pounced on our weakness now." 

Linkette stared at her for a dozen beats, then let her head slowly lean back until it bumped against the wall and she was staring at the ceiling. "My head is swimming. I think you just dumped like five different topics on me that each need an hour long explanation..." 

Zelda ducked her head sheepishly. "Sorry... that was a lot, yeah. The point is, Cynthia, that the Gerudo have every bit as much reason to hate us as we hate them. But they're still our enemies, and we have to treat them as such if we're to survive this crisis." 

"So what do we do?" Linkette asked. 

"I'm not going to be with you much longer. If we're lucky, Cynthia's seal on my lust will last a full day, and then I will be lost in the mindless fog of fucking. Cynthia, your magic will be critical--you must use my cum to reinforce the barrier, stop the magic aura from spreading out of Hyrule and into human lands. It won't be enough, but it will slow the spread down enough to buy us time." 

"Why won't it be enough?" Cynthia asked. 

"Because the River Hylia forks at Castle Town. Even as we speak my cum is sloughing into the river by the hundreds of gallons. The western branch passing through the city is carrying it away to Lake Hylia, but the southern branch will take it through the Great Forest and..." 

Cynthia's eyes widened. "Out into the human lands... if a human touches magic as potent as your cum, even for a second, they'd become a stalfos instantly!" 

Zelda nodded. "The Great Deku Tree is very powerful. He has cleansed the water from that river of its magic for as long as there's been magic in this land, and I'm sure if I came an ordinary load into the river he'd be able to cleanse it, but even he cannot purify such an immense amount of my semen. Truly, there will be more cum than water for a long time." 

Linkette gulped, visibly swallowing a lump of regret and taking a burden onto her shoulders. Zelda didn't understand why until she spoke a moment later. "Do you need me to go back to the forest? I... I might be able to absorb the magic from the water." 

Zelda tilted her head. "Why do you say that?" 

"Well... because, when I shot all that cum in you... I tasted it. It was your cum that came out of me, I can taste the difference between Malon's, and Cynthia's, and that shopkeeper's, and especially yours. But the important part was, it was your cum, but there was no magic in it." 

Zelda's back shot ram-rod straight, her eyes hardening with precision focus. "It was? Are you certain of that? How would you know?" 

Linkette rolled her eyes. "Can we just assume that I'm naturally the world's foremost expert on cum, especially yours?" 

Zelda frowned. "But we've hardly interacted with each other, how could you--" 

Linkette stood up, quickly crossing the room and circumnavigating the desk. Her wilted, half-mast cock drooped and bounced at a downward twenty degree angle, shoving its way between Zelda's own dangling phallus and thigh as it invaded the space between the Princess' legs. 

"What are you--?" was all the Princess got to ask before Linkette wrapped her arms around Zelda's naked body, clasping her wrists over Zelda's lower back, and squeezed their whole bodies against each other. 

The pressure on Zelda's swollen belly forced an immediate surge of viscous cum up her throat, which Linkette caught with her mouth by pressing their lips together in a deep, sealing kiss. When the brief flow of white seed stopped, Linkette pulled back with her mouth full and cheeks puffed. A dribble of cum escaped her puckered lips as she swished it back and forth in her mouth, then downed it all in one heaving gulp. 

Linkette sighed, her breath carrying the powerful musk of her cum straight to Zelda's nose, and licked the last drop of semen from her lower lip. Zelda's magically sealed cock didn't react, but her balls twitched from the suppressed wave of lust that ran through her, pulsing up in size an imperceptible amount as cum production briefly surged and was repressed again. 

Linkette nodded her head toward Cynthia, without removing her hands from Zelda's hips or breasts from Zelda's breasts. "When I first tasted your cum Zelda, it was the faintest hint of a flavor left over inside Cynthia's pussy. It sent a surge of power through me, that golden light, and drove me mad with lust. That wasn't even a taste of the real thing! But when I tasted the load that I shot out, which I know is really yours, I don't have the slightest reaction. That's how I know there's no magic in it. My balls must have filtered it all out while it was inside me." 

Zelda stood stock still. She felt like her skin was on fire where it touched Linkette's, especially her nipples rubbing up against Linkette's diamond-hard nubs, and it took half a minute before she could collect herself enough to pull away and put some distance between them. 

"That... That was a convincing argument. Okay... um... no, no, I don't need you in the forest. The river is our priority, but we can't afford to use you on that task. Linkette, when you and Cynthia burst into my room earlier... I was throwing off such an overpowering aura of lust, both of you should have collapsed into a masturbatory haze instantly. Yet, you maintained your focus and set about your tasks, even pulling Cynthia out of her lust-trance. That's important: you, somehow, even though we are the most arousing beings in all the mortal world to each other, you could keep your mind through your lust. You can resist my power, if you have reason to." She nodded her head to the window, and the white landscape beyond. "... You can walk through Hyrule Field. No other Hylian has a hope of doing that. Outside this castle, you will be our only agent in the world." 

Linkette took a step back, swallowing as the weight of that responsibility fully settled onto her shoulders. "Uh... oh..." She took a deep breath, steeling her resolve. When she next spoke, her voice was firm and determined. "Then what do we do about the river?" 

Cynthia answered. "The Zoras. No one is more adept at water magic than the fish-people at the river's source, only they can hope to purify the water." 

Zelda nodded. "Better yet, their sex drives are annual. After their yearly breeding orgies are concluded, not even I can make them aroused. They could swim through my cum itself and not be affected." 

"I'll go right now." Linkette said. "We don't have time to waste." 

"I'll have the Sheikah prepare a horse and supplies for you," Zelda said, motioning her hand towards a shadow in the corner. The shadow flickered, and when Linkette looked back it was empty... but she could no longer remember if it always had been. "You have some time, perhaps an hour..." 

Zelda approached her, looked her in the eyes, then glanced away with a blush. She leaned forward, placing a tender, loving, and chaste kiss on Linkette's cheek. "Go visit Malon, love. Say your farewells for now." 
