 A short tale set in the elven queendom...

Zephira walked arm in arm with her slavegirl Muffin, browsing the newest acquisitions in the slave market. Naked male and female humans were chained, tied, caged, and even suspended for the viewing pleasure of elves like Zephira. She let her mind reach out, stealing inside the thoughts of these inferior beings, searching for just the right kind of boy. Zephira and Muffin could keep each other entertained, but their household just wasn't complete without a fuckslave.

The elf hadn't meant to use up her last male quite so quickly of course - a hundred years was a short life for a slave when the elves' magic could extend a human life to four times that. Still, the boy had died happy in the knowledge that he had served his buxom owner, and her buxom slavegirl, to the very best of his abilities. What more could a piece of sentient property desire than that? 

Zephira scanned Muffin's mind. The curvy slavegirl had a physique just like her owner's, and a sex drive to match. Right now, she was marking all the slaveboys they passed whose erections jutted out unbidden while they stood on display. Zephira thought that was clever, for a slave - perhaps Muffin had picked up that drive was the key, not cock size itself. When any part of a slave's body could be changed by magic, it was the mind that really counted.

"Mistress," said Muffin, "how are you going to choose from all these options?"

"The same way I chose you, Muffin. I'm looking for the right mind, and we'll grow the right body around it."

"But what if we can't find one?"

"Don't worry, Muffin, I know your little slave pussy's just desperate for some cock. We'll rent a male if we don't find one I like."

"Oh I do so miss Six. He was insatiable."

"There there my girl, Six died a very happy boy. It was over quickly, he didn't suffer. In fact I was in his mind when his heart gave out - he was having the time of his life. So to speak."

Zephira missed Six too. Not for company - she had friends and lovers for that, even shapely little Muffin if a slave could be counted. But Zephira loved a good hard fucking above all other things. Her work was satisfying - she crafted many fine things in her little pottery - but nothing filled her world like a big hard cock attached to a lustful, slutty slaveboy. She had owned one male fuckslave after another for nearly a thousand years - nothing was going to make her break the chain.

Zephira made her way through the slave markets, rejecting the older slaveboys, the ones too drenched in fear to be any good to her - they needed too much mental editing - the pre-owned and the lacklustre. She caught a glimmer of what she was after, far away and weak, but even from this distance, the mental stink of lust was clear to her trained senses. Standing still, she pushed her naked slavegirl away a little and closed her eyes, letting her mind reach out to its limit. She sorted through all the human slaves in range, testing and searching, while sweat formed on her brow. There. A candidate. She snatched up Muffin's hand and pulled her along.

Tucked away in a corner of the slave market, the scrawny young male stood against a stout iron post with his arms shackled tight over his head, and his erection leering out in front of him. Zephira scanned him - naturally submissive, like so many the elves enslaved, young, untrained, bright but still in a state of disbelief about being snatched from his world and made into something to be bought and sold. She could see why so many other elves had overlooked him - the lust in his mind was overshadowed by his confusion, which was only now beginning to clear. 

"This one's going cheap if you can do anything with him," said the slave trader who was selling the male. 

Zephira hadn't met her before - she must be a recently converted elf. It made sense that she wouldn't have spotted the potential in this boy if she hadn't been trading long, but Zephira wasn't about to tell her. Not until she'd made the purchase at any rate.

"Tell me about him," said Zephira.

"He's twenty-three, well-educated for a human, some experience of sexual submission. Captured by an elf who lured him in by advertising for submissives. He actually arrived naked and shaved through the portal - she had two males and two females all tied up together. I sold the other male to be made into a pet, and the two females to the new spa that's opening up in the south quarter. This one's having a harder time adjusting - you're the first person to give him a second look. Not very good looking, is he?"

"He will be when I've had him changed to my liking."

"You're buying him? I guess there really is an owner for every slave. The buyout price is on his tag - four hundred."

"Here you go," said Zephira, counting out the coins.

"Deal."

"Thanks. Now he's mine - you been an elf long?"

"Just two years. Went straight into slave trading - I just love the feel of making a person become a possession, you know?"

"Of course, that's what being an elf is all about."

"Why did you ask?"

"Because he's worth more than you sold him for. Don't look like that - good slavers learn to look deeper, and you could be a really good slaver in time. I'll let you into his mind, there, now follow me down, down, deeper. There."

The slave trader gasped, and Zephira smiled kindly at her. She herself had been scarcely less clueless when she became an elf all those years ago. She had shown the slave trader the lake of lust that the slaveboy's mind was hiding behind the layers of confusion. He was worth twice what she'd paid for him - you couldn't create that kind of sexual drive with magic, it had to be naturally there. Zephira was impressed when the slave trader smiled and shrugged, then shook her hand. She had the right attitude - living and learning was the whole point of being immortal.

Zephira buckled on a collar round the slaveboy's thin neck and clipped a leash to it, binding the boy's hands behind his back with rope, cutting into his flesh so he knew who owned him now. She led him briskly away, while Muffin trailed behind, her hands on her fulsome hips and a girlish pout on her face, forever the eighteen year old she'd been when Zephira had bought her. Zephira sensed a question forming in the nymph's filthy little mind.

"What is it, slavegirl?"

"He's very ... thin, mistress. Will he be able to keep up?"

"You can't see what I see in his mind, Muffin. And he won't be thin for long."

"Can you really change him that much? He's a waif."

"I can't, but I know enchantresses who can. Don't worry, sweet one, before the end of the day he'll have a lovely big cock to fill up that tight pussy of yours, and a body to match."

"Oh, that's wonderful, mistress! I can't wait!"

"Well, you'll have to. I get first go."

"Oh, mistress, I didn't mean-"

"I know, Muffin. You're a good girl, I know you'd never disrespect me like that."

"Of course, Mistr-"

"Muffin?"

"Yes, mistress?"

"Sometimes good girls like you are quiet girls."

Zephira saw the look on Muffin's face change as she worked out the order she'd been given. Muffin closed her mouth and curtseyed to her mistress, her bare pussy opening as she bent her knees. Zephira smiled, radiating her deep contentment. Muffin only curtseyed like that when she wanted to show her owner how complete her submission was. The slavegirl had been in her service for two hundred years, and Zephira had trained her to perfection, until there wasn't an ounce of free human left in her.

Shifting her attention to her new slave, Zephira saw that some of the confusion was clearing from the slaveboy's mind. Being bought had sorted out some things in his head, like what would happen if no one would take him on. Now Zephira was having an easier time of sorting through her new property's thoughts and memories as she led him to the magical workshop. She found his name and deleted it, blocking off his memories of his old friends and family as she went. She found he had a mental space for a leader to serve - really these humans were such primitive animals - and she inserted herself there. 

As the slaveboy grew used to the feeling that Zephira's words and deeds were his new law, she carried on editing his mind. She left him general memories of being a free human, but removed the shame he had felt about his submissive desires. Now his mind was free to flood itself with an iron certainty that he wanted very much to serve his new owner in all sorts of devious ways, tempered with the knowledge that the elves had taken his freedom and made him nothing more than their possession. Zephira was pleased with how little effort it had taken to bring the slave out from him - he would barely need training at all.

They walked a while longer through the city, passing through great crowds of elves, slaves and beasts, and Zephira noticed the boy noticing Muffin. He was obviously pleased by the sight of her if his renewed erection was anything to go by. When they reached their destination, Zephira spoke to the enchantress and handed over her new slave's leash. In the enchantress's workshop, she watched as the slaveboy was chained up in an oversized frame, his arms and legs spread delightfully wide. His erection still raged, drawing a smirk from Zephira and making Muffin lick her lips. The enchantress looked up from restraining the male and raised an eyebrow to Zephira.

"What do you want doing to him?"

"Something along the lines of an Ancient Greek olympian. Chiselled, handsome, muscular, but not too muscular, and I need you to make the cock up to these specifications. Grow the balls too, please. Permanent and complete depilation from the beard down, and make his skin glow like it's always been lightly oiled."

The enchantress looked over the note Zephira had handed her. Zephira noticed her eyes widen when she saw just how big she wanted the slave's cock grown. An expensive job, but it would be worth every bit of gold.

"Do you want any branding or tattoos? Maybe his name?"

"His name is Seven. More of a number really - I've had six other males before him - but it's all he'll be called until the day he dies. Can you brand it into his belly, just below the belly button?"

"Sure, sure, about three inches high?"

"Perfect."

"I'll get started. Can you please go into his mind and turn off his pain receptors?"

Zephira nodded. Done. Now Seven could be grown to suit her needs without dying of shock. The enchantress got to work, slathering rare herbs and oils over the slaveboy's body and feeding magic into them to catalyse fast growth. Zephira knew the quality of her work - Four, Five and Six had all been modified by her. She watched muscles grow from nothing, legs bulging, chest rippling with power, arms expanding. What a life it was to lead that she could choose every single aspect of her slave's existence.

Over a hard, intense hour, the enchantress modified almost every muscle in the boy's body. Her artistry kept the whole thing balanced and elegant, while still oozing power and sex appeal. She finished by straightening out the boy's teeth and reshaping his face just a little to match his new frame, squaring out the jaw and even strengthening his tongue. The elf panted out her exhaustion, looking to Zephira for confirmation she was satisfied.

She was. The enchantress took up the branding iron she had fashioned - VII - and pushed it slowly into the slaveboy's belly. With all pain blocked, he could only sense its work by the smell of burning flesh. To Zephira's delight, Seven's newly grown cock grew hard and long when he was shown his new body in the mirror. He was a naked, collared, branded Adonis. Zephira was pleased he liked his new look - it meant less mental editing for her to get him to accept it. The slaveboy was released from his chains and dropped to his knees, drawing a grimace from his owner.

"Take it slow, Seven. Crawl in circles while you get a feel for your new muscles. There, good boy, know your place. Crawl to me. Kiss my feet. Learn this now: I am your owner and my word is law. Any order I give, you will follow. I order you to serve me faithfully and well. I order you to follow Muffin's orders whenever they do not conflict with mine. Muffin is my little slavegirl - I've seen you fucking her with your eyes already. I order you to anticipate, and see to, our sexual needs from now on. That is your primary purpose... More or less your only purpose, in fact. Well, acknowledge my orders."

"Yes, mistress," said the naked slaveboy from the floor, to Zephira's great pleasure.

"Good boy, Seven. Crawl around some more, try to learn your new muscles. As you crawl, explain your new status to me. ... I'm waiting."

"Mistress, I ... am your slave."

"Correct, but obvious."

"Mistress, I am your sex slave."

"Better. But you can do so much better still. I see the conflict in your mind. My magic prevents only two things: violence against elves and Muffin, and your ability to escape. What do you remember of your old life, slave?"

The slaveboy looked puzzled as he searched for clear memories, clues to who he was, what he had been. Zephira had left him only a few - she wanted his new life to have much more force in his mind that his old one.

"Very little, mistress," he finally replied.

"So could you even go back to it?"

The slaveboy seemed to think nothing on continuing to crawl while she questioned him. 

"I'm not sure, mistress. I don't know where I lived or what I did."

"And doesn't it feel so natural to crawl before me, to acknowledge my superiority. Do you notice how you never fail to address me as 'mistress'?"

"You are correct, mistress. I should feel ashamed, but I don't."

"No you should not, slaveboy. I took that from you - you may thank me later. No shame attaches to your status - a piece of property cannot be ashamed to be owned. Now, follow me crawling through the city like the slave you are. Come, Muffin."

Zephira felt Seven's eyes on her ample bottom as she led her slaves back to her cottage. The attractive little house adjoined the workshop that let Zephira make her gentle living as a potter. She brought Muffin and Seven through the door, sending Muffin to fetch three glasses of wine from the little kitchen. Most of Zephira's living space was one grand bedroom, fitted out for slave sex and restraint, and with a special barred cell where her possessions could sleep if she chose not to have them in her huge bed.

"Thank you for the wine, Muffin," said Zephira.

"I live to serve you, mistress," replied the slavegirl, dropping to her knees, thighs open, and handing a glass to Seven.

"Seven, sip the wine, savour the moment, and tell me all the things you thought about your new life as you crawled through the city streets behind me."

"Mistress," said Seven, "it is plain I cannot escape. Even the thought brings intense pain. It is plain I can imagine I no violence against you. In truth, I don't want to. I am not ashamed at being your slave. Thank you, mistress! Oh, thank you! All those days chained to that post, I thought I'd be sold as some kind of labour slave, but then you came along and now, now, I'm the most handsome man I've ever seen."

"Good boy, slave. Tell me more."

"I didn't know what was to become of me and that scared me. I am no longer afraid, except of displeasing you. I feel safe wearing your collar and held on your leash. I've never been so in sync with my own desires, my own body."

"Who owns you?"

"You own me."

"How can you be owned?"

"I am a slave. I must be owned to be."

"Good boy. I'll expect a new declaration of slavery from you every day from now on, until further notice. Drink your wine up, and come up onto my bed. Don't be shy - I see your lovely big cock knows what's expected of it. Muffin, remain kneeling. You may pleasure yourself. Seven, lay down on your back. Good boy."

Zephira slipped off her dress and let her new slaveboy look over her perfect curvaceous body, then climbed up onto the bed. She took the boy's hands and chained them to the bed, then guided his new thick long cock inside her. Seven yelled his pleasure as his new owner drove herself down on him. The elf was fast and strong, and she rode him hard, ramming his cock deep inside her with every thrust, squeezing his balls every time she landed on him.

Zephira went into the boy's mind and blocked him from cumming. Not yet, slaveboy. His mistress needed a good long turn on her new human dildo before he could be rewarded for surrendering so easily to her. Zephira let her body take over, bouncing up and down while Seven's eyes admired her jiggling breasts. She drank in his new body - perfect muscles, smooth skin, delicious brand on his belly. Her boy. Her property. Her fuckslave.

The elf fucked her new possession harder and faster, panting and screaming as his immense width filled her up completely. Her world just hadn't been right without a male to take like this. She did use them up very quickly, but that was fine. Slaves were cheap enough. She thrust against the boy's taut waist, savouring the feeling of his new strength. He would need all of it to keep up with the demands she and Muffin would put on him. 

Ten or twelve fuckings a day would not be unusual for the new slave, not to mention Muffin's love of having a male bury his tongue in her pussy. While she rode one slave, Zephira looked over to the other. Lovely slavegirl, masturbating with one hand while she sucked the index finger of the other. Zephira had trained her to be just naughty enough to please without being irritating. Her bubble bottom was due a spanking soon - Zephira loved it when she cried.

Beneath Zephira, her new slaveboy found the right rhythm and started to meet his mistress's thrusts with some of his own. Zephira laughed, nodding her encouragement. Good boy. Here she was, owner of two humans, living a happy, secure life in the elven queendom she had made her home. The feeling swept over her - such power it had, even after all these years. Still thrusting, the slaveboy's cock brought her closer to the edge. Closer. Closer still. 

Then ... Zephira sailed into a powerful orgasm. Her pussy clenched hard on the slaveboy's defenceless cock, squeezing and pulsing as the pleasure ripped through her. She released the mental block on the slaveboy and gasped as he came, great torrents of cum entering inside her. She cast a quick binding spell, using his freely given fluids as a way to tether his body to hers. The magic would fade, but she'd have every opportunity she wanted to cast it again. 

The elf kept riding the slaveboy through wave after wave of the orgasm, daring him to stop fucking before he had gone completely flaccid. It took an impressively long time for him to go limp, and Zephira collapsed onto his chest, having taken all the pleasure she wanted from him for the time being. She caught Muffin's eye. Want a go? The slavegirl nodded, of course. 

Zephira unchained Seven and let him rest a few minutes on the floor, while she had Muffin suck her toes and then lick her pussy clean. She knew the taste of the slaveboy's cum would drive the little slavegirl even more wild with lust, which she could do nothing with now Zephira had withdrawn permission for her to masturbate. Seven caught his breath, enjoying the show of submission that Muffin put on. In a few short minutes, his cock rose again, drawing Muffin's hungry eyes even as she worshipped her mistress.

"Muffin, cease. Seven, get into position behind Muffin and give her a good hard fucking - I want her wet little pussy full of slave cock in the next five seconds."

Zephira held Muffin's face up so she could see the startlement when the slaveboy opened her up for the first time, not daring to delay even half a second. The elf loved few things more than Muffin's look of innocent surprise when a big cock entered her. Muffin didn't disappoint. Her eyes went wide and she bit her lip as Seven fucked her hard and fast. Zephira had modified the girl's body a little, so she could cum just from being fucked - surely she would today. 
