 Zaka was not sure what to do next. She flew her young pup friend home to her mother. Lacii's mom was upset but happy to know Zaka was out there and looking after her pups. Lacii's mom, Amber, tried to give Zaka some food as thanks, but Zaka declined. The party filled her up. As Zaka walked out to head to the forest, eyes were watching her. Her eyes looked right and saw Zack's wolf watching her. Waiting.

Modern day: Zaka spent the summers with the McClouds. She never resolved the almost mating encounter with Zack, so just worked on ignoring him. Two years passed since his attempt and nothing happened. Part of Zaka wanted to continue and see what would happen. Some days she daydreamed about being mated by Zack. However, she was scared. Being an alphas mate was hard with lots of responsibility. In addition, would the pack accept a sufferer as a leader? Then the bigger question, how would genetics play out? She did not want to risk messing up a child with mixed genetics, but she did want kids someday and Zack did too.

Zack's mom loved to bother him and whine about needing some grand pups to take care of and spoil. "So many fine bitches want to mate with you! What's the holdup??" at these times, if Zaka was nearby Zack would stare at her in longing and let his wolf come to the surface a bit more.

One day in the middle of summer, the heat was incredible, even in the mountains area that the pack lived in. Everyone took turns dipping into the nearby lake to cool off. Nudity was not a big deal to wolves, so all went naked. Even Zaka, who was modest, took off layers of clothes and made a makeshift bikini, so different from her normal long robes and skirts. Zaka was lying at the lake, watching the pups play in the water, when Zack came by and sat down next to her.

Zaka tried to seem like she did not care, but inside she was mixed up. She wanted to tackle him or run. Not sure yet, she smiled at the alpha and watched him watch the young pups swim in the lake. Finally, he called out to the pups, telling them it was time for lunch and to head back before their moms got mad. Of course, they groaned and hugged Zaka before running as quickly as their legs would carry them, excited by the thought of food.

Zaka looked at Zack with curiosity, wondering what he was up to.

Zack looked down at the sufferer lying next to him. She was his world and he needed a mate soon, but he could not imagine life without her. He talked to his parents and they agreed that he should follow his heart for love, not politics or what was considered right. This led him to sitting by Zaka and preparing himself for one of the most important moments in his life.

Zaka had always been a constant in his life since the explosion. She freed his family and helped set up the start of a pack home for them. She travelled a lot, sometimes for too long, but she always returned. He watched her age from the young teenager to a twenty year old. Then her aging stopped all together, one of the gifts of being a sufferer. Even though she stopped aging physically, Zack saw the years take their toll on her spirit. He saw in her eyes clearly, how she felt. Right then at that moment, Zaka was confused and curious to what his next move would be. Better, now than never he thought to himself before sighing deeply and looking at her.

"Zaka, I've talked to my parents. I have talked with friends too. I've looked at this a million ways since I met you." he stopped and looked at her reaction, sensing her fear and unease. In his head, he had a huge speech planned out, but that moment he forgot and instead asked, "Will you be my mate? I love you."

Zaka knew this was coming; it was hard not to see. She looked at the ground, thinking to herself. She knew this day would arrive, so why was she fighting it? She loved him for many years and connected with him deeply that day 15 years ago. However, she was scared. She would give up her freedom, be attached to someone forever, and have to stay in certain places. She loved to fly and end up in random spots. Her years of irresponsibility would end. Nevertheless, at the same time, she wanted to. No, she needed his wolf in a way that no other person had made her felt before. She had sex, plenty of it. However, she never attached to anyone and never exchanged bites with him or her. With Zack, it was serious. No random one-night stand with him, if she let go, then she was as good as his was and would be marked ASAP.

As she looked up at him, she thought she would rather be in no other place right now. She thought what the fuck and grabbed his shoulders to pull him closer for a kiss.