 This is a work of erotic fan fiction, with equal emphasis on story, world, and sex. Fetishes included are: futanari, huge cock, cum inflation, breast expansion, and lactation. This chapter has an even split of sexual and narrative content, but no concentrated sex scene. Sex-to-story ratio: 5/5 

***** 

Chapter 7: The Triforce of Daring 

The wagon pulled to a stop outside a battlement by the castle's main door, Zelda sitting at its base with her back against the stone, head and shoulders slumped forward with resignation. The tower high above her was severely damaged from where her titan cock had smashed into it before shrinking down to its current, still absurdly large size. 

She was still cumming. Her cock throbbing every second, every pulse sending her own shaft smacking backwards against her eye, the bell end at its peak swinging back and forth a few inches higher than her head. 

It was gushing thick streams in low, lazy arcs that splashed on the ground between her feet. 

The focus in the one eye unobstructed by cock was a complete contrast to the total lack of energy in her body. She watched Impa approach, leaving the wagon and Linkette far behind with a line of alert guards between them and Zelda. Malon hesitated for a moment then followed, nervousness and excitement and uncertainty and eagerness all jumbled together in her fluttering heart. 

Impa came to a stop a handful of feet from Zelda, crossing her arms over her flat, naked chest and offering a disapproving quirk of the eyebrow, Zelda's cum splashing over her ankles several feet from where it hit the ground. 

"...What?" Zelda asked. 

"You fool!" Impa yelled, leaning forward and glaring harder. "You absolute fool! You couldn't even listen to your lust properly! If you'd just obeyed your own body LIKE YOU ALWAYS DO and sat your pussy on her dick, none of this would have happened!" 

Zelda's eye dropped to the ground. "Yeah, well..." her eye turned to the side. "Your tits are small." 

"And that's your fault too." she said with scathing eyes, "I had to burn the enchantment for enough power to get your greedy cock out of that girl's cunt." 

"Uunff..." Zelda moaned, eye squeezed shut as an especially large gush of cum leaped higher than the last one. "Don't... don't talk about that..." 

"You're not escaping a lecture so easily. You endangered the entire kingdom. Had I not been there to stop you, her womb would have blotted out all of Hyrule and more and-uagh!" 

Zelda's hand flashed up in Impa's direction and Impa convulsed, staggering backwards as her breasts burst out in explosive growth, dropping her to one knee with the sudden and massive weight of them. In the blink of an eye they were as large as Malon's breasts, dominating her torso. In another blink they were twice that, and then larger still. They settled on their size in a matter of seconds, ending up so large that Impa with her long, lean arms maybe, maybe could have reached around their front and touched finger tips. 

Malon's dress was pitched like a circus tent and darkening at the tip. Her breath was light and uneven with arousal, one hand tweaking the puffy nipple on the face of her own oversized milk tank. 

Impa took a moment to catch her breath. Then, still kneeling, she fixed Zelda with a cold, blank stare. "You are. Incorrigible." 

"And you are nagging. I understand what happened, Impa, what I don't know is why. Stop lecturing me on what I already know. I already know I can't have sex with the girl." 

Impa kept up her scowl for a handful of seconds, then sighed and dropped her head, resigned. "You are half right. You can't bed her. However, she can bed you." 

A thrill of excitement ran through Malon on Linkette's behalf, and before you could stop herself she stepped forward and blurted out "She can?!" 

Zelda's gaze landed on Malon, and Malon couldn't tell if the shiver that ran down her spine was arousal or fear. Zelda ran her eyes over Malon's body, wetting her lips in a way that wet Malon's pussy. 

"Hello there..." Zelda greeted, voice husky. "Who are you?" 

"M-Malon, you're highness. Of Lon-Lon Ranch." 

Zelda's eyebrows rose in delighted surprise. "Is that so? Even I have heard of you. The rumors are faithful... how would you like to ride the largest cock in Hyrule?" 

Malon bounded forward in excitement, chest slamming up and down with the motion. "By the goddess, yes! More than anything!" her excitement wavered for a moment. "But... but I'm a Nayruite... are we allowed to...?" 

Zelda frowned. "I... don't know... Impa, am I allowed to fuck a Nayruite? I've never considered it before, you always bring the girls to me." 

Malon's heart sunk into her stomach when Impa shook her head, but then lifted again when she said: "I do not know, Princess. The Sheikah are separate from the primary religion, we are all wholly dedicated to serving Nayru's avatar, and are relieved of that restriction in return. I know very little about the rules the rest of the Hylian race obeys." 

Zelda was silent for a moment, before saying "Well then, we'll consult with the High Priestesses then." Her cock throbbed again then, and the gallon of thick white jizz that shot from its tip flew up, then came right back down and poured over her head, soaking into her hair and splashing all over her body for a whole five seconds. When the tail of the stream finished it off, she was coated from head to foot in her own creamy semen, hanging off her body in thick strings. 

Zelda wiped the cum from her eyes, flicking it aside onto one of the many other large piles of cum scattered about the ground around her. She took a deep breath in, then sighed it out in heavy exasperation. 

"Alright, I'm over this now. Impa, get on my dick." 

Impa stood, ponderous and slow with the immense weight of her breasts, and bowed. Her nipples brushed the ground before she rose. "Yes, Princess." 

Malon watched Impa stride up to Zelda and turn, presenting her tight, athletic ass. Zelda grabbed her own cock halfway up the shaft, pushing it forward till the head was aimed at Impa's pussy and it's continuous spurts of cum splashed against her cheeks and lips. 

Malon had the perfect view from the front. Impa with her full, spherical breasts eclipsing her entire torso, obscuring her waist while still protruding over two feet from her body, squatting down on bowed legs. She lowered herself onto Zelda's cock inch by inch. 

By the time Impa's ass touched Zelda's crotch, her stomach was already large enough to push her absurdly huge breasts aside and poke it's head through her low hanging cleavage. A half minute more and she looked ready to give birth, her eyes closed and hands joined in some kind of sign, Old Hylian words muttered under her breath. Malon couldn't resist her arousal anymore, lifting up her hem of her dress and grabbing her rock hard erection. 

Impa didn't move on Zelda's cock, had no need to; it was already pumping out incredible volumes of cum, and would only take a minute before she had enough to finish the sealing spell. 

Watching that blimp-titted woman sit on the cock of the sexiest woman in Hyrule and fill up ounce by ounce with her jelly-like cum... Malon was absolutely overcome by her lust. She stroked her ten inch cock furiously without regard for the dozen soldiers watching her from behind. She didn't give them the slightest thought when she grabbed the collar of her shirt and violently yanked it down over her right tit. 

Malon pushed her soft, heavy breast up, jamming the fat, puffy nipple into her mouth and sucking with all her might. Milk leapt into her tongue before her lips even locked into place, rich and treasured cream flooding her mouth and rushing down her throat. 

Malon's breasts surged four sizes. 

Her eyes snapped open as wide as they could and her scream of surprise was muffled to a hum by the flesh in her mouth. The outpouring of milk tripled in an instant, its sudden speed and volume shooting down her throat and making her cough and sputter. 

Her hand dropped, breast falling from her mouth to shoot its thick gushing stream to the ground in front of her, spraying like a hose. 

A flash of motion caught Malon's eye and she looked, finding Zelda leaning out from behind Impa's gigantic breasts. Her eyes were gleaming mischievously, her smirk saying a silent 'you're welcome,' her outstretched hand dropping to her side. 

Understanding hit Malon and the sheer potency of its sexual impact exploded her world into light and pleasure. Her hips bucked and she dropped to her knees, sticky ribbons of jizz leaping from her cock while both breasts erupted like volcanoes of milk. 

"AAHHHHNnnn!" she cried at the top of her lungs, furiously stroking her cock as it convulsed again and again, throwing her seed blindly ahead of her. After twenty seconds of heart pounding orgasm her muscles relaxed and she slumped onto her ass, accidentally sitting in one of the plentiful puddles of Zelda's cum, breathing heavily. She lifted her hand, spreading her fingers and studying the thick web of cum that stretched between them, then looked down at her tits. One was free in the air, dribbling milk from the soft pink nub while the other remained trapped in the now thoroughly soaked confines of her blouse. 

Malon couldn't believe the sheer size of her own breasts. They had always dominated her chest ever since puberty, always been destined to. Thirty-two generations of her family had bred for two things: strong backs and giant tits. There was nothing sexier on a woman than a huge set of knockers to her or her Ma. 

But they were so much more so suddenly, it boggled her mind. She tenderly reached up, running her hands along their lower hemispheres, smearing her cum across one. They reached down to her belly button and out past the sides of her torso, soft and giving to the touch while holding a tighter, pressurized firmness deeper inside. 

I can make so much more milk with these... 

Malon realized someone was standing in front of her. She looked up, finding Impa standing there. Her body-sized breasts wobbled as her stance shifted to the side, hand settling on her hip (though her actual hip was hidden behind the curve of her breasts). 

Impa's tits were covered in a dozen white seeping lines and spattered with hundreds of white dots. This confused Malon; they hadn't been there a minute ago. And they looked too thin to have come from Zelda, who Malon saw past Impa's legs was limp-dicked and satisfied. 

Malon gasped, hands slapping over her mouth and unintentionally plastering her face with her cum. "Is that my...?" 

Impa didn't nod, just inclined her head forward in some sharp and meaningful way. Malon groaned in humiliation. "Oh goddess, I'm so, so sorry! I don't know what came over me, I just couldn't-!" 

Impa ran a finger down the side of her breast, picking up a sample mixed of Malon's milk and cum. She lifted her finger, inspected the gooey mix, then popped it in her mouth to taste. 

"Hm." A short, ambiguous hum was her only comment. She walked away without another word, leaving Malon slack-jawed on her knees staring blankly at Zelda across from her, who was sitting upright now in a puddle of her own cum. 

"Ah think ah'm in love..." Malon said to herself. Zelda rolled on her back laughing. 

# 

They were sat in a dining hall twice the size of the Lon-Lon barn, Zelda at the head of the table, Impa on her right, Malon and Linkette on her left. Zelda was surrounded by three grizzled, scarred, veteran Sheikah warriors with metal tanks strapped to their belts who kept watchful eyes exclusively on the Princess, in case she made moves towards Linkette again. 

Linkette was sitting upright in her chair, still happily asleep, pulled away from the table so her huge, person-sized belly could fit. Despite her skin being tight and belly inflated to the tension of a drum, it was heavy enough to be pulled down between her legs, resting lightly on the carpeted floor. Malon would have worried for Linkette's permanently erect dick, sticking out past her knees with all that weight pushing down on it, except that she had a notion brewing in her mind that her mysterious Fairy Girl's cock was indestructible. 

Her belly had shrunk down in the two hours they had excused themselves to clean up. Malon had been given a room with a bath, and a fresh dress to wear that had a higher thread count than half her wardrobe combined. It was also frillier than anything she owned, with a pure white base with blue and yellow accents that reminded her of flowers. 

Malon hadn't been able to resist milking her new breasts during her bath, just to try it, just to see how much she could make since the Princess pumped her up bigger than ever. She'd asked the servant girl assigned to her to bring as many serving jugs as she could carry, and the girl had a Bag of Holding, so that came out to "more than you could ever need." 

She filled eight jugs as full as they could get. Per tit. That was three jugs per breast more than her best day ever, when she had been loaded up on production potions and ate all the right foods and sat at her pump the whole day. That was more excess milk than just her bigger size could explain. Zelda's spell must have changed more than just her bust size, she must have changed her mammary glands themselves. Improved them, made them more active. 

It was the best gift anyone had ever given her. 

She wanted to pay Zelda back, do something to show her gratitude. That's why when she was escorted down to the dining hall, she carried two of those jugs with her and set them down nervously in front of the Princess... and Impa. 

When the servants poured them their glasses and they raised them to taste, Malon forced her eyes anywhere but them, settling on watching Linkette's sleeping, smiling face. She was so calm, so peaceful... like she didn't have a care in the world. Watching her, Malon couldn't help but wonder... who was this person she loved so much? 

Malon's eyes snapped back to Zelda when she set the glass down with a sharp clack. She waited, not breathing, as Zelda wiped her mouth with a napkin and turned her head to her right. 

"Impa. Do you remember when I suggested you might compete against Lon-Lon ranch?" 

"Yes, your highness." 

"You would be disadvantaged." 

"Agreed, your highness." 

Zelda turned a warm and grateful smile to Malon. "Thank you, Malon. That was delectable." Malon flushed with happiness and pride, bowing in her seat. 

Zelda's posture changed, and suddenly she was The Princess. The mood crystallized into serious business and matters-of-fact. 

"It's been long enough. It's time for answers. Wake the girl." 

Malon jumped when a Sheikah she had no idea about appeared at her side, between her and Linkette. She held a small vial under Linkette's nose and in moments she began to stir, stretching her arms and yawning. 

Linkette opened her eyes with lazy slowness, looking around and finding Malon first. Her sleepy smile grew wider. "Heeeeyyy cutie... I had the craziest dream..." 

Zelda cleared her throat. "No, you did not." 

Linkette blinked, losing some of her sleepiness, and turned to look. Her eyes popped wide open and all traces of drowsiness evaporated. 

"Oh my gods..." Linkette muttered, and Malon watched her nipples grow a half inch longer, open to the air since her tunic had been destroyed. 

Zelda paused, swallowing, and the Sheikahs at her back shifted in preparation. Zelda remained in control however, and bowed her head. "My name is Zelda, Princess of Hyrule. It is my pleasure to... officially meet you." 

It was your pleasure to unofficially meet her too... Malon kept her thought to herself. 

Linkette floundered, awkwardly attempting to copy the graceful half-bow, noticing halfway through how difficult her inflated womb made this... and that she had an inflated womb. 

Her eyes went wide in surprise, but not abject horror. Malon had to remind herself that this wasn't new to Linkette, that her belly had actually been bigger than its current size just the day before, when half of Castle Town had lined up to fuck her silly. 

"I-I uh, I'm Linkette. From, from Kokiri Forest." 

Zelda bowed again, and Impa spoke next. "I am Royal Guardian Impa of the Tribe of the Sheikah. I am the one who separated you and the Princess in Castle Town." 

Linkette looked puzzled. "Castle Town? What happened in Castle Tow-" her eyes went wide, darting over to Zelda's face, briefly glancing at the bulge of her bust beneath her clothing. "Wait, wait I remember! I saw you, and... and..." 

Malon watched Linkette's nipples grow again, now the size of her thumbs. Zelda noticed this as well, and willfully forced her eyes in the opposite direction. Malon was amazed to see Zelda's nipples standing pert and pointy under her clothing. "Yes, and... that happened. It's best we don't describe the event." 

"Yeah..." Linette agreed, nodding her head with distant eyes. "My cock is gushing just thinking about the little bit I can remember." And it was. Every other second found a heavy wave of thick, clear precum splash loudly against the wall of Linkette's belly, sliding down it's rounded surface to pool on the stone floor under her chair. 

Her mentioning this sent a shiver of desire down Zelda's spine. Her guards tensed, but there was no need for them to act. As for Malon's part, she experienced an irrational flash of jealousy that Zelda was able to get such a reaction from Linkette while she had never so much as wet the tip of Linkette's cock. But that of course was ridiculous, Zelda was almost literally a goddess of sex, and something was magical about Linkette as well. 

Linkette covered her eyes with her hands, rubbing them wearily with a soft groan. "Why do I feel like this? I'm hornier than I've ever been in my life just sitting here, not even doing anything." 

Zelda nodded in agreement, pressing a hand to her forehead. "Me as well. I'm used to lust, I'm used to an irresistible need. This is... something else. Sharper, focused, all of it focused on you..." 

Linkette started, staring at the Princess. Then the surprise passed, and she relaxed back into her seat. "I'm always thinking about sex. How hard my cock is, how wet my pussy... it's always there in the back of my mind, no matter what I'm doing." 

Zelda's seat squelched wetly as she shifted position. She froze, a wild coloring in her cheeks. "Yes..." she stood up and turned around, presenting her heart shaped ass to the table, gentle curves widening from her waist under the creamy white silk of her dress... silk that was sopping wet and soaked through with sexual fluids, a dark wet patch that covered the entire width of her plump rear and trailed down the back of her legs to her ankles. 

"I understand what you mean about being wet. This is a first for me." 

Linkette was actually drooling as she stared, drinking in the sight of the Princess. She didn't snap out of it when Zelda turned back around, or when she retook her seat. In fact, both of them stayed quiet for a minute longer just looking at each other, until Malon coughed softly and they both snapped out of it. 

Zelda cleared her throat and moved on. "Yes, right, forgive us. We have important matters to discuss. About what happened in Castle Town, and why." She glanced over each shoulder at the hardened Sheikah guards there, nodding to confirm they stood ready. She took a deep breath, and let it out slowly. "Tell me... what do you remember?" 
