 Immediately, Zaka pulled back from Zack, feeling like her chest was on fire and she was drowning in emotions. She had no idea what to do next. So she took the logical step of a sufferer, and flew. 

She saw Zack transform into wolf, but she had a head start and flew as quickly as she could. She needed space. To think, to breathe, and most importantly, to hide. She was terrified. Such a strong reaction from just a kiss – image what the rest would be like if they were to mate for life. The thought of mating stole her breath away for a moment, causing her to dip a tad lower due to being distracted. That momentary distraction was all it took for her to fly into the alpha's home. 

The building was the largest in the pack and was three stories to show his status. However, at that moment, it was a hard source of pain and possibly broken bones. All Zaka remembered was cursing to herself before everything went black. 

She felt her body waking up slowly. She was breathing, there was pain, so she had to be alive. But she did not want to open her eyes, because then she would have to face Zack who was sitting next to her. Damn wolf she thought to herself as she gave in and opened her eyes, letting everyone in the room know she was okay. The alpha and his bitch were there, plus some of the pups, and various pack members huddled into the little medical room they had. Honestly, not all of them really fit into it quite well. There was way too many people in such a little space. But she knew they were just concerned. 

Once she woke up everyone started talking, asking about her, and seeing if she was okay. She ignored them all for the moment and raised her arm for the pack doctor to check on her. She knew something broke in her arm and it was painful. But, true to her nature, she did not show this to the pack. One, because they would be upset, and two because she was incredibly embarrassed. In the act of hiding she hit a house. That was a first for her. In all her years with wings, she had never done something so stupid and childish. Hitting buildings is something children do, not her. 

As the doctor finished up on her arm, binding it to her body, he looked at her with amusement. 

"So, you going to tell us what got you so worked up that you hit the alpha's home?" the old doctor asked with a grin. He was a gentleman and sweetheart, left over from the modern world era. He lost his wife in the confusion of changing, but found his way when he stumbled upon the pack and saw their need for a doctor. Now, the old greying man was a part of the pack and helped heal many injuries that come with running and fighting wolves. But never her before. 

Zaka looked down in embarrassment, feeling her face heating up. As she looked up at him and opened her mouth, Zack stepped in and put a hand on the doctor's shoulder. 

"Does it really matter doc?" Zack asked. The doctor smiled and looked back at Zack jokingly, "Well there is a first time for everything. This was just an interesting one to deal with." 

Zack and the doctor exchanged a smile and looked to Zaka. 

"Okay Zaka, you need to keep your arm bound for a little while. I strapped it to your body so you can't move it too much or cause further damage, since you do fly and I know you love to roughhouse with the pups." 

Zaka rolled her eyes at this, remembering all the young ones she had brought into see the doctor before. 

He gave her a serious look and told her, "Come back every week and let me check on the status. I am hoping that you are a quick healer too like your wolf pals here." With that the doctor gathered his various medical equipment and left the small room. 

Once the doctor was gone, Zaka saw the pack members moving closer to check on her. The alpha moved through the crowd with a low growl to move people out of his way. Zaka always saw the alpha like a father she never had. Thomas had always been there for her and the rest of the pack in their times of need. Plus he was the best fighter and hunter, allowing the pack to take care of themselves without help from any other packs or groups. He was a tough man standing roughly 6 and a half feet tall, really broad, and looked Native American with his summer tan and lack of clothes. But then, most of the men only wore shorts during the summer since they tended to rip clothes a lot when changing. 

Thomas sat in the chair next to Zack and raised his voice, "Okay everyone out. It is time for Zaka to get some peace and quiet so she can heal. Including the young pups hiding under her bed." At this the adults started leaving and the young pups hiding sighed and got out from under the bed to give Zaka a kiss on the cheek and wish her luck. Zaka smiled at the cuteness of the pups and vowed to heal up quick so she could play with them again soon. 

Once the room was clear, Zaka could see the familiar wood pattern of the medical room and all the supplies everywhere. Doctor Michaels was always prepared for anything with this pack, even though it was very hard to get his hands on certain things, like pain killers, since the large pharmacy sources he had in the past were drying up over time. 

Zaka looked at the two men sitting by her wooden bed and sighed. She knew what was coming. 

"So I guess you are here to pressure me Alpha?" Zaka said while staring him straight in the eyes. 

"You always get to the point. Yes, I am here to pressure you a tad." Alpha Thomas said as he put his arms around his son's shoulders. "Zack told me what happened and why you hit my home. Unusual reaction, normally mating the future alpha is met with great excitement and joy, not running and a broken arm." 

Zaka cringed at the last bit, remembering her arm was down for a while. At least it was the left arm that was down so she could still do chores. 

She looked at the alpha with sadness, knowing that he just wanted what was best for his son and the pack. "I know. But I am worried." Nodding towards Zack she continued, "If we were to mate, would genetics go alright? Would the pack accept me as a future leader? Would the other local packs and creatures accept me?" She sighed, looked at her broken arm and shook her head. "Even now if we were to mate, then any challenges would mean me losing. My arm is broken and I don't know how fast I heal since I have never been this hurt before." 

Zaka leaned back into the soft pillows on the bed, closing her eyes and trying to release her stress through deep breaths. In the middle of her fourth, the alpha cut in. 

"Do you love him? My son?" 

Zaka opened an eye and looked at him. "Maybe."

Zack started smiling at that, pleased that there was still a chance. He was truly beautiful when he smiled, Zaka thought to herself. His green and brown eyes lit up, his face seemed happier, he physically relaxed more, and seemed more like the pup that followed her around than the future leader of the pack. 

Seeing Zack's reaction, Thomas got up to leave. "I think you two have some talking to do." And left at that. Leaving the two of them together to figure out their future together.