 Chapter One: The Capture of Lord Ziax Parts 1&2

Sexually speaking, I was never very forward. At the time of my abduction, I had been with maybe one or two girls, and never really tried anything kinky at all. That's not to say I never thought about kinky things, in fact, I did so with abandon. Privately, I was as horny and hungry for sex as they come. There wasn't a woman I saw that I didn't fantasize about, and usually that fantasy involved something kinky or naughty. From bondage to rape, age play to incest, I fantasized about all of it. I jerked off over hundreds of women, from the famous to one's I knew personally. Some were sexy, others were homely, and it didn't matter as long as they had something about them that turned me on.

Yet, I never really explored that kinkier side much in real life. I'd drool and hunger for women I saw on the street, or those I worked around, but nothing would happen. At least not until that fateful day, who knows how many years ago now, that I was snatched body and soul from this world and taken to serve the Sindara.

By this time you must be thinking, what a ridiculous story this is... kidnapping and other worlds. That's how I felt when it happened, who would believe such a thing? I certainly didn't, and those I've abducted since certainly haven't. It always takes a while for them to finally believe it, to finally realize their plight, but that of course is a different story. If mysticism, magic, and fantasy just aren't for you, then these tales may simply not be for you. If you are willing to believe me when I tell you there are worlds beyond, and powers beyond what we can imagine, then read on. If you can't tolerate violence, rape, betrayal, incest, and other forbidden topics... then it also might not be for you. I leave that decision to you.

What follows is a tale of sex and power; it is a tale of sex and betrayal. It is sometimes violent, indeed sometimes it is deadly. It is about wars and love, but most of all it is about power and sex. Indeed, on Vistira, the two words are synonymous: power is sex, sex is power. It is what kept the Amazon's alive, yet it was what threatened their destruction.

Before we begin my story, you must understand a little about the conflict into which I was drawn. For hundreds of years Vistira was divided into many kingdoms, some small, some large, all of them grasping for power. Sometimes this meant open war, other times it meant intrigue and assassination. Other times it was economy, and at some level it was always sex. That was because the most powerful empire in all of Vistira was the Amazons; well we'd call them amazons: warrior women whose culture included no men, they called themselves the Sindara. They controlled most of the trade, not because they were the richest empire, and they were rich because of sex. For the Sindara, despite their hatred and disgust for men, realized the power they held. The sex of a Sindara is not like regular sex, it is pure energy, a form of life energy, and it can bring vigor, power, luck, and can be harnessed to perform powerful acts of magic and miracle. The pure Sindarans kept much of their sex to themselves, not wanting to share their pure unharnessed energy. Of course individual Sindarans had their own beliefs as to whom they would and would not fuck, but as a rule, the Sindarans only shared their sexual wealth through one of two ways. 

First they trained non-Sindara women to serve as whores in Sindaran brothels or to be sold as slaves. The other way, as I believed at the time, was to kidnap earth women for the same purpose. Although I would later learn this wasn't entirely how it worked.

For years the Sindara existed, above the petty squabbles of the rest of the world, yet slowly their power was dwindling. The magical defenses that kept out invaders, that would indeed kill any male who entered their empire, began to grow weak and the Sindarans were in trouble. It is at this point, where they are on the verge of invasion and destruction that I come into the story...

I will confess that some of the details are difficult to remember; it seems for ages now I have been Lord Ziax, ages since my fantasies came to life, as if my old life was the fantasy. It started in my last year in high school; I believe I was 17 at the time. I was very horny and eager for a good fuck at the time. Man, did I want sex. The problem, as I mentioned above though, was that I could be shy. There were a couple girls in particular I would constantly fantasize about fucking. Even in class I would sometimes catch myself undressing the student in the next row with my mind, forcing my cock into her, fucking her like that nasty whore I knew she was. Sometimes I would even imagine I could see that same girl squirm in her seat, as if she could feel my thoughts.

In one class however, it wasn't the student in the next row that was the object of my attention, it was Miss Cynthia. Miss Cynthia had come in the middle of the year, but since her arrival I had started enjoying my classes a whole lot more. Lucky for me, it was the last period of the day, so I could go home and jerk off, all the while imagining the nasty things I would do to that sexy little teacher. She stood about 5'4"; she had an abundance of wavy black hair that framed her delicate face perfectly. Her eyes were deep and almost piercing in the way she'd look at you, her lips always full and luscious. Her neck had the smooth, elegant curves of a ballet dancer and she had the legs of a dancer to go with it and she loved to show them off. I would spend hours starting at those gorgeous legs. She'd wear skirts cut above the knee, showing plenty of slim, tight thighs. The skirts would perfectly accent her tight round ass as they came down over her hips. Being a consummate leg man, it was her calves that really did it for me however. They were curvy and well muscled, without being too chiseled. To some, they may have seemed too big, but as you will learn, large, well muscled, curvy calves are my weakness. Her feet were small and delicate and she always wore a sexy pair of high heeled pumps that further emphasized her delicious calf muscles. Her waist was slim and her breasts a perfect D cup, tight and round and generally her blouse was worn so plenty of cleavage was visible.

And it was definitely one of those days where plenty of cleavage was visible. That day she was dressed in a white blouse, with the hint of black lace bra underneath, a black business skirt, black stockings and heels. She completed her perfect 'librarian' look by putting up her hair and wearing her glasses. As she would write on the board I would imagine myself tracing my way up those curvy legs with my tongue, sucking hungrily at her delicious calves. Then I would tear open that blouse and go at those tasty tits with abandon. She continued to talk about some plants or something or other but I ignored it. It was just one of those terribly horny days. One of my favorite girls in the class, a sexy little Asian girl (another one with big curvy calves) had worn a short skirt in first period, the class slut had also decided to show off her long delicious legs today as well, and lastly this quiet, homely little geeky girl in my class, that for some reason got me going had been wearing a skirt as well. All in all, a good (or bad depending on your perspective) day for a leg man.

Now I sat there deep in my day dream, fucking Miss Cynthia in my mind as I wiggled in my desk. No one seemed to notice, I had gotten pretty good at controlling myself during my little imaginings. I had to be careful because I had gotten to the point where I could make myself cum. The little geeky girl looked over at me suspiciously once, but that only served to intensify the hunger I was feeling.

Losing myself in my fantasy I could imagine my hands sliding along those sexy legs, caressing her calves as I worked my way up under her skirt, squeezing her tight ass, pressing my hips against hers as she sat on the edge of her desk. I tore her blouse open and started to feast on her tits even as a release her delicious tits from the bra. My tongue moving in small circles around her nipples, I grabbed her hair and forced her head back, hearing her moan in delight. I gripped her panties and tore them from her body as I worked her skirt up around her waist, giving me access to her pussy. Even as I imagined this all happening, my cock hard in my pants, I could have sworn Ms. Kaye shifted a little, pulling and adjusting her skirt as she continued to write. She turned around and glanced at me, but said nothing. I swallowed, embarrassed, yet how could she know?

In my mind, the fantasy continued. Panting hard, the teacher pulled my pants open and gripped my long hard shaft. She stroked it hungrily, the lust evident in her breathing as she pulled it from my pants. My hands squeezed her ass tightly, and then once more I ran my hand along the length of her leg, the feel of the curves getting me even harder. Precum glistened at the tip of my cock as she ran her finger over it, and in circles around the head. Collecting the precum she put her finger to her lips and sucked at it, tasting my juices, closing her eyes as delighted in the taste of my cum. She said nothing, but it was obvious from the look in her eyes that the slut needed a good hard fucking. Her hands ran up and down my back, her fingers raked across my chest as I continued to stroke her legs, my cock tip poised at the entrance to her tight wet pussy, teasing her as she moaned loudly. Gripping her again I forced her head back hard, licking her neck and tits with animal like hunger, still teasing her at the entrance to her tightness, she writhed in delight and frustration at the same time. She needed it, and she needed it bad. Her body was trembling, her leg muscles tight with anticipation, wanting to delay the moment even longer, I lifted her leg by her ankles and ran my tongue along her delicious calf. Once more she moaned. She was helpless now, overcome by my sex. In the front of the room, the teacher stumbled as she spoke to the class, both on her words and nearly tripping as she walked towards the board. She coughed to try her clear her throat as she slipped into the chair behind her desk. Regaining her composure she once again stared my way, but quickly looked the other way. 

In my fantasy I waited no longer. My cock was throbbing and pulsating as if with a life of its own. I groaned loudly as the glistening tip brushed against the moist lips of her pussy. Breathing hard, gripping her by her slim waist, I mercilessly slammed my cock into her cunt, burying it all the way, slamming against her cervix as my thick shaft filled her tight hungry hole.

Cynthia let out a gasp in the front of the room, causing everyone to look her way. She blushed a bit, but quickly instructed everyone that she just hit her elbow and they should get back to work. She was visibly sweating, her eyes met mine again and I knew... she was feeling this. I didn't know how, but she was experiencing this fucking as if it were happening to her.

That knowledge inspired me; I kept my gaze fixed on the teacher as in my mind I thrust into her again. I could see by the shock in her eyes that she felt that one too. One thrust after another, pounding into her cunt; slamming my cock deep inside her I mind fucked that slutty teacher.

In the fantasy, she started to resist me. She asked me to stop, over and over again begging me not to fuck her. Fighting me she repeated again and again, no. Yet I didn't. I had already fantasized about raping women plenty of times in the past, it wasn't real. Well, maybe this was. Was I mind raping this slut? Did she really want me to stop? If so, I was violating her in a way almost worse than real rape, I was violating her mind.

I thrust into her again, even as I wondered if I should stop. Her cunt went into spasm around my shaft as she resisted, tightening on the throbbing cock, making me groan. Who would ever know about this? Just me and Ms. Kaye, that is who. It wasn't like she could ever accuse me of rape, not when I sat quietly in my chair, not even touching her. No... I wasn't going to stop, not when I had this whore at my disposal, and from the look on the teacher's face, she knew it. Horrified she bit her lip and sat quietly at the front of the room, avoiding my gaze as I mind raped her.

Harder my pulsating cock slammed into the writhing pussy. I had her pinned down to the desk now as I slammed my body into hers, my cock driving deep. She panted and grunted even as she struggled to escape me. Again and again I slammed hard into her, my cock on fire with passion, tearing deep into her tight cunt, writhing out of control inside of her. Her head tossed back and forth as she groaned. Her hair was a tangle in front of her face and the glasses had long since fallen to the ground. Her blouse laid torn open and her skirt was hiked around her waist. One stocking had slid down around her knee and the opposite heel and been kicked to the ground in her thrashing. Yet despite her struggles and protests... she came. It was one of the most intense feelings my cock has ever experienced, her pussy squeezed tightly around my cock as she shook with pleasure and fear, her body convulsed by intense orgasms. The tight grip her cunt held on my cock caused me to feel each orgasm in full, each intense contraction, each spasm, every bit of writhing... my cock felt as she came. I groaned and moaned, nearing orgasm myself. With one last thrust into her, one last cock-clenching contraction from her already tight pussy, it happened.

I came for what seemed like an eternity, cum flowing from my shaft into the whore teacher, filling her with my juices. Ms. Kaye groaned as the cum seeped into her body through her cunt. I lowered her off of the desk and onto the floor... she knelt before me as I put my cock to her lips for her to clean. She wrapped her mouth around the shaft and sucked hard as she licked the cum from it, top to bottom. Hungrily she cleaned my cock, her silky tongue wrapping itself around the still throbbing shaft as she cleaned every drop of cum. The stimulation from her tongue was just too much and quickly my cock started to become erect once more as I groaned and gripped her hair. Looking to the front of the room Ms. Kaye smiled and subtly licker her lips. I continued to fuck her mouth, shoving the whole shaft in as she deep throated me with hungry lust.

Her tongue wiggled and writhed in her mouth as she sucked my cock harder, her head bobbing up and down as her tongue moved side to side. I gripped her hair tighter as I thrust into her mouth in rhythm, forcing the thick shaft all the way into her tight throat. She gagged slightly, but took it all like a true whore, sucking and bobbing like a cum hungry animal. Her moaning and groaning sent vibrations through my cock that further stimulated me, bringing me closer and closer to another wild orgasm.

I raped that throat for what seemed an eternity, poised on the edge of orgasm, teased to the brink of madness as she sucked me with tremendous skill and intensity, then finally when I felt ready to explode I shoved my cock deep into her throat, slamming against the back of her mouth, forcing her head to tilt back to take my whole length, and I came hard, filling her with hot juices. She swallowed every drop without trouble, licking me clean as she knelt there before me.

The sound of people shuffling chairs woke me from my daydream, piercing through my fantasy. Standing up at the front of the room, Ms. Cynthia spoke. "Well have a good day class, see you tomorrow," she smiled, and then she called my name, "falling asleep in class isn't something I tolerate, please stay behind." I swallowed hard, wondering what she had in mind, maybe she hadn't experienced our fucking at all, and maybe it had all been part of a dream. I looked down at my lap and sighed, I had cum in my pants, which were now visibly wet. I suppose that would be one advantage of having to stay behind, so no one would see the big cum puddle on my pants. No one seemed to notice as they left, laughing and getting entertainment from my scolding. No one except that little geeky girl again, she stared at my pants wide-eyed and it seemed for a moment that she smiled, and then she quickly walked from the room.

As the room emptied, she walked to the door, closing it; I saw her turn the lock. Already my excitement started to rise as I realized she wanted to remain undisturbed. My cock was hard again in my pants as I watched her, her sensual legs calling to me, bend over to pick up a dropped pencil. Her round ass was basically staring me in the face as she stood and pulled the shade closed. She said nothing, nor gave much away as to what she was thinking as she turned and crossed the room. Her face was determined however, in control, in fact, she seemed quite different. There was no knowing what was going to happen next however, was I in trouble or did she want more? 

Without a word she grabbed the desk in front of my chair and pulled it aside, I started to stand but she shoved me back into the chair hard. Her strength took me by surprise. "Sit there," she said firmly, her gaze powerful and determined. She straddled me in the chair and sat down on my lap, her long sexy legs to either side, her hands gripping my hair.

"That was impressive boy," she said as she looked me in the eye, she had a power and strength about her now that was palpable, I felt complete under her control. Her grip was strong and her sex was stronger. I could smell her hunger and passion. "Did you enjoy 'raping' your defenseless teacher?" She smiled as she let her hair down and shook it out, her hands stroked my arms and chest, then she gripped my hair and pulled hard, "not so defenseless now am I little boy?" She waited, but I sat there shocked, afraid, but aroused, my cock and heart both throbbing wildly as I stared into those powerful eyes. "I ASKED YOU A QUESTION BOY!" she shouted as loud as she could get away with and tugged at my hair again.

"No," I said quietly, moaning as she then leaned down to lick my neck. Her tongue caressed my ear as she pressed her ass against my hard cock.

"That's no... My mistress," she whispered as my cock ached in my pants. "No mistress," I responded, "you are far from weak and defenseless."

"You are my prisoner now," she grinned as she put one leg up over my shoulder, her curvy, delicious calf just inches from my mouth, "want to lick my calf... then ask me."

"Mistress, please allow me to lick your calf for you," I responded. I was so excited; I'd have said anything to get to taste that hot flesh. She nodded and pushed her legs against my lips and I sucked hungrily at her flesh. It tasted better than in my fantasy, there was a power that surrounded her, a palpable, sensual power that I could taste and even devour as I sucked and licked her flesh. I came wildly as I sucked her calf, an orgasm overwhelming my body out of nowhere, it was almost supernatural the power I felt as I worshiped her leg. My mind overwhelmed with intense pleasure, my blood burning with a hunger that I felt could never be satiated.

"Yes that's it," she smiled, "you feel my power now, feel it and submit to me for you are my prisoner, my toy, my cock to fuck as I will. You will give me your seed and it will make me powerful." She moaned as I continued to worship her calf and ankle, sucking hungrily at her ankle she groaned louder, her pleasure brought me pleasure as waves of sexual energy seemed to wrap around us both.

"I am yours," I told her, thinking this would please her.

"Mistress Cynthia, or Empress Cynthia, will do slave," she told me, grinning in delight. I was willing to play along.

"Yes Empress, I am yours to command," I smiled.

"You have no idea my pet, no idea what you are about to get yourself into," she smiled, "I mean it when I say you are my prisoner. I need cum, and yours is powerful. It is time now that I end this act and see to my empire, it is time I claim you and use you for what the good of my people." I had no idea what she was talking about; I was too intoxicated by her smell, her feel, her sex, and above all her power to even care. She lowered her leg from my mouth and shoved my back into the chair when I tried to reach out to it. "You get what I give you, nothing more." I nodded in ascent. "Now, if you truly wish to serve me, then kiss me slave!" Without question, I obeyed.
