 NB: I apologize for the long hiatus. I was really stuck with this story but I seem to have gotten my muse back so I hope this story is satisfactory enough. =)

I am open to suggestions as to how Chapter 4 would turn out like. 

***

When the reached the next town, it was nearly dusk but it was still bustling with life. Eating houses and wineries were filled with people; the smell of their food wafted through the air and conversations seemed to take place all at the same time, making the atmosphere chaotic.

Miyu tried to take in all the sights and sounds of her surroundings. Then she caught sight of a woman, dressed in a beautiful kimono, her hair tied in the most exotic bun and her face painted white. Her clogs too were different from the straw sandals she was wearing.

Seeing the half frown on her face, Hiro smiled. The woman had greeted him with a sweet smile and he had nodded in acknowledgement.

"Did you know her?"

"Of course not. She's a Geisha... well, if we were on holiday, I'd bring you for drinks where we'll be served by them. She was just being polite and friendly."

"Gei...sha?" said Miyu quizzically.

"Never mind that now Miyu... we're here."

She wasn't sure what 'here' meant but he seemed to have brought her to someone's house. The house was a bit off the main road of the town but seemed to stand out against the backdrop of lush trees.

"Mother, Father, I am home!" said Hiro as he stepped into his courtyard. Miyu followed him silently, admiring his house from a distance. Indeed, his house was beautiful and befitting of his class.

"Ah, Hiro-kun... we've been waiting for you for weeks! Eh...?" said a woman, whom Miyu assumed was his mother as she greeted them at the door.

"Mother, this is Ryunnosuke's daughter. Unfortunately, he could not be present himself and sent his daughter in his place."

"Ah, but..." his mother started to protest but was quickly silenced by Hiro's stern look. "Come this way Fukui-san."

"Ah, you can call me Miyu, Madam... I must thank you for your hospitality. You are most gracious for receiving me," said Miyu, bowing respectfully before Hiro's mother.

"It is no bother my dear," she said as she smiled and led Miyu to an empty bedroom at the back of the house.

"Miyu my child, you must pardon me but I have not seen you since you were a baby... time flies so fast... But forgive me Miyu, for I must ask... how did your father die? Did he die honourably?"

Miyu looked at the elderly woman with surprise.

"Yes he did Madam. He died protecting our village. He died carrying out his duty..." the change in her tone earned her a sympathetic look from Hiro's mother. She kept quiet for a few minutes before continuing.

"It hurts me to see you here Miyu. You must not go with Hiro when he asks you to go to the palace... I have a foreboding that something bad is going to happen... You need not go there in place of your father... "

"But I have to. It is my duty to the Shogun..."

"Ah... loyalty... it is what kills them... it is what kills every one of them... believe me Miyu when I say this..." sighed the elderly woman. With that, she left Miyu alone in the room.

Sitting down alone in the middle of the room, Miyu started to cry; letting out all the hurt of remembering her father's death. Was Hiro's mother right to tell her to go home? Putting her fingers on the pendant around her neck, Miyu tried to concentrate and tried to sense what Hiro's mother meant.

Miyu had been brought up and trained to be a priestess at their local Shinto shrine. One thing she had learnt and been able to master was to read off the energy left by people inhabiting her surroundings.

"Mmmm...." she chanted and as she was about to get immersed in her trance, a knock on her sliding door jolted her.

"Miyu-san?"

"Yes?"

"Would you like to have dinner?"

Hiro had already opened her door and was standing in her room staring down at her. He seemed so much at home in his worned kimono and for a moment, Miyu did not want to move but simply stare at him.

"Miyu?"

"Ah... perhaps not... I have no appetite."

Hiro stepped inside her room and closed the door behind him.

"We will be meeting with two other samurai tomorrow and then we will move on to the next village. Do you still wish to follow me, Miyu?" he asked. Miyu looked at him and saw that he bore no expression.

"I am not strong enough."

"What the shogun needs is not just strong allies... he needs intelligence, craftiness and above all... he needs loyalty."

"I'll think about it..."

***

Later that night, she woke up with a jolt upon hearing her name being called. The candle that was burning earlier had died and she was shrouded in darkness. Unable to see, she focused her other senses to gauge her surroundings.

She could hear breathing. Definitely. It was almost easy to miss if she wasn't straining her hearing. She slid her hand slowly to check if her daito and the pendant were still under her robes and was assured when she felt the hardness of the scabbard.

As her eyes adjusted slowly to the darkness, she felt the air stir; suggesting movement... stealthy and almost elusive to an untrained eye. Whoever was in her room was unaware that she had been alerted because she had not moved and her breath was controlled.

Then she felt the intruder jump and land silently, her face facing his feet. She could hear the clear treble of a sword slicing the air and then...

"THUD!" The blade of the sword hit something hard right above her head. Miyu dared herself a peak and saw that she was encased in a bright red ball of fire. Then she saw the perpetrator. He wore the clothes of a ninja but his eyes, now gleaming from the light of the fire were staring at her with a look she comprehended as fear.

The ninja inched away from her, then jumped out of the window.

Still encased in the fire ball, Miyu tried to get out but the protective barrier seemed to be locking her in. As if aware of her intention to escape, it constricted and became smaller, almost choking her. Miyu felt the pendant also heating up, burning the skin on her chest. The barrier began constricting her, until she felt all the air from her lungs escaping...

When she woke up, it was already morning. Looking down under the covers, Miyu was relieved to find both swords and pendant were still with her.

Perhaps she had been dreaming about the whole thing. If there had been a ball of fire, surely some parts of her room would be burnt.

Pulling on her outer robe, she combed her hair and opened her room door to find Hiro. It was still early in the morning but she could already hear the sounds his sword was making as it sliced the morning air.

She followed the sound to a cascade clearing a few meters behind the house. It didn't appear strange to Miyu at first that she could hear from such a distance because she was concentrating only on the sound. But when she noticed Hiro, she snapped out of her daze and looked around her. She had walked quite a distance! The house could not longer be seen from where they were.

Hiro was focused on his sword training that he didn't noticed her at first. It was only when she started walking towards him that he turned his head to look at her.

"How did you find me?"

"I just followed the sound of your sword..." Miyu replied.

"My sword???" he exclaimed, bewildered. "I move with sheer accuracy that the only sound you can hear is when the opponent's head is on the ground!"

"Well then, maybe I just wanted to talk to you so I searched for you..." she replied instead. She didn't feel like telling him about what happened the previous night.

At her answer, he relaxed a little, almost as if the answered relieved him to a certain extent.

"So what do you want to tell me?"

"I will continue this journey with you. When the shogun decides I am not worthy to be in his service, then I shall leave."

"That's very noble of you..."

She didn't tell him of her fear that she would tarnish her father's honour and reputation. She didn't tell him of her fear that she would let both her father and her shogun down.

"I better start packing..."

"Wait..." he said. "Help me scrub my back."

At her quizzical look, he merely shrug and passed her a washcloth.

"I always bathe in this spring water after training. It gives me a sort of strength. Maybe you could go for a dip after I'm done. This might be the last time you're here. So make the most of it."

He didn't even show an ounce of embarrassment when he took off his hayama pants and walked naked into the water clearing.

Miyu only opened her eyes when she heard the soft splash of his body enveloped by the water.

"Come on in..."

He watched her as she took off her outer robe and then her inner robe until she was only covered in her susoyoke a half-slip that left the top part of her body bare. With her back turned against him, she pulled the slip upwards so that it covered her up more decently, she thought.

The instant her feet touched the water, she yelped- not in pain but from pure shock of how cold the water was. It was unlike the hot springs that invited rest and calm but the coldness of the water seemed to alert and rejuvenate her all at once.

For a moment she almost forget why she had gotten into the water in the first place.

"Feels good doesn't it? Well... don't forget you're suppose to help me scrub my back," said Hiro.

Miyu looked at him and smiled. It's been a while since she had scrubbed anyone's back. Her father would always call her to scrub his back... she didn't want to think of him too much because it still hurt.

Taking a washcloth, she diligently scrubbed Hiro's back. She noticed that there was a long scar near his right shoulderblade.

Hiro regretted now that he had asked her to scrub his back for her soft breast kept grazing his back ever so slightly that it was making him lose his focus. He knew that the thin layer of cloth she was using was probably soaked and plastered to her skin by now. It took a lot of restraint not to turn around and grab her.

Finally when he could no longer take it, he turned around and smiled at her.

"I guess it's my turn now."

"Okay," she said innocently, unaware of the effect she was causing him.

Miyu turned around to let him scrub her back. She had placed her hair to the front and had lowered her susoyoke a little to let him scrub her properly.

It took a lot of control to scrub her gently with the washcloth when he was hard as a rock beneath the water. But she simply sat there, talking passionately about something but his mind could no longer register.

He could smell her skin now at this close proximity and he finally gave in to his desire and placed his lips at the base of her neck.

She instantly froze.

But Hiro continued to trail warm kisses at her neck and down her spine. Miyu shivered but they both knew that it wasn't from the cold of the water.

Closing the gap between them, he lifted her up and rested her butt on his thigh. She could feel something hard poking her butt. Curiosity got the better of her and she used a hand to grab it and it earned her a sharp groan from Hiro.

"Oh!" she exclaimed, startled and let his cock go.

"No... it feels good Miyu... use your hands and touch it..." he said encouragingly. Miyu did as he was told and she heard him take in sharp breaths again. Then she felt his hands moving to the front, grabbing her breast and it was her turn to gasp.

Her hands on his cock stilled as his hands were now doing magical things to her breasts. Her susoyoke had somehow been pulled off and she was naked in the water in front of Hiro and the thought of it made her even more wet.

His fingers gently pinched her nipples and pulled them again and again, making her moan.

"Don't stop touching me Miyu..."

Miyu closed her hands over his cock and cautiously stroked it. She wasn't sure if she was doing it right but Hiro wasn't complaining so she figured she was. Daring herself, she gripped his cock harder and he gave a soft growl. Feeling daring now, she stroked him harder, at a higher pace until he had to physically pull her away.

"Not yet now my beauty..." he warned. Instead, he turned her so she was facing him, her legs at either side of his thighs. She instantly crashed her lips onto his, remembering their kiss not too long ago. With his hands still massaging her breasts, she turned wild, rubbing her pussy on his hard cock, bouncing up and down, demanding some release.

Still kissing her, Hiro placed his hands near her mound and gently entered a finger into her wet lips. A soft moan got caught at her throat. He pushed his finger in and out, teasing her... before he pushed in another finger. At that moment, she gave a scream and he felt a wet gush of her lovejuice coating his fingers.

Feeling drained from her first orgasm, she laid her head on his chest; her body limp. But Hiro was not done yet. Lifting her in his arms, he lined her wet pussy with his cock and impaled her on it. Miyu's eyes widened in shock and she gave a loud scream. Hiro was about to thrust in deep when he saw the tears in her eyes.

Understanding registered in his mind when he saw blood trickling down her thighs. He immediately stilled and held on to her, letting the pain ebb. When she lifted her head to look at him, he kissed her softly.

"Do you want me to move?"

"Yes..." she said, moving her hips, slowly at first then more boldly as the pain was slowly replaced with an intense pleasure.

Hiro moved his hips up to meet her downward thrust and was rewarded with another wet spurt as she had another orgasm. He could also feel his turn coming soon. He pulled her off just in time to spray his seed all over he breasts.

"We should probably go back to the house now..." Hiro said, a moment later. He dared himself a look at Miyu as she stepped out of the pool and in that moment, he knew that he was hers.

When they returned home, they already had guests waiting for them. Two men and a lady greeted them and introduced themselves as the guardian of the Rabbit, Dog and Rooster pendants. They looked like ordinary townspeople but Miyu knew when she saw their daito that they were bushido warriors.

Hiro wasted no more time and explained that they would be leaving before the sun was high in the sky. Miyu had packed her meager belongings and was leaving her room when Hiro's mother walked in.

"Are you still going my child?" she asked.

"Yes maam... I have to stand for my father's honour..."

"Be very careful Miyuko... The world of the palace is very treacherous."

"I'll remember that... Thank you Inoue-sama for your kind hospitality," Miyu said and bowed her head out of respect for Hiro's mother.

***

They reached Edo about a few days later and they were told that the other guardians of the zodiac pendants have already arrived and were staying in the palace quarters. Miyu had been dazzled by the magnificence and beauty of the palace. She was told that the palace had three gardens and seven wings for the hosting of different activities.

When they had settled into their individual rooms a few hours later, a messenger had been sent to her room bearing a letter of invitation from the Shogun. She was also given a change of clothes and some sake.

Opening the letter, she was informed that the Shogun was going to hold a banquet for them the that night to express his pleasure of their arrival. He had gathered them twelve for a reason, she thought and they were all going to know about it soon.

Miyu turned to the change of clothes that the messenger had brought. It had been wrapped up in a silk cloth so it came as a surprise when she saw a beautiful set of silk jūnihitoe commonly worn by the ladies of the court. She wasn't sure if she should be wearing such a delicate thing.

Taking her daito, she left her room and headed down towards Hiro's room.

"Hiro, what will you be wearing for the banquet tonight?"

"The Shogun has already given us a change of clothes and he expects his loyal subjects to wear them."

"Oh... okay... I... I was just curious why he'd want to gather all of us here... it just feels strange..."

"It is an honour, Miyuko..."

She left Hiro's room and was walking back to her room when she noticed a few women outside her door. She automatically went on her defense.

"Oh Fukui-sama, please let us help you with your jūnihitoe!" they exclaimed. It relieved her to know they were ladies-in-waiting after all...

Over an hour later, she was escorted down to the Hōmeiden banquet hall. She felt nervous yet excited at the same time. When the door of the banquet hall open, it took all of her discipline to stop herself from leaving her mouth gaping wide. It was magnificient.

The walls were draped with golden cloth that and the ceilings had an array of sparkling chandeliers that seemed to reflect light in every direction. But what caught her eye most was the dining tables. There at the furthest end was a table for the Shogun while flanking him on both sides were tables filled with so much food on golden platters that she wondered if anyone could finish all of that.

She was escorted to the third chair at the table on the left. Hiro was seated on the second last chair in her row. She did not recognize any of the other warriors in the hall, especially on the opposite table.

When it was announced that the Shogun was coming, everyone was ordered to stand and bow to him. She heard his footsteps... they were soft and sure and when they finally stopped, he spoke.

"Please, have a seat my loyal warriors. Let the feasting begin!" he announced, as he held his cup of wine as a toast.

Miyu ate in silence, even when all around her noise and chatter filled the air. She noticed that there was an empty chair at the opposite table but she kept her observation to herself. Perhaps the last bearer of the pendant had died, leaving no heir. It made her think of her father again and it made her feel sick with worry that the Shogun would not find her worthy.

A moment later, the Shogun raised his goblet and signaled for the room to quiet down.

"All of you must be wondering why I asked all of you here tonight..." murmurs of agreement followed.

"As I am pleased with your services to me over the years... I am also displeased at the knowledge that there has been rumours about a coup against me... by my own carefully selected warriors. And now I have no need for you."

The room went into an uproar as everyone became confused and shocked at such a revelation.

"But... I do however have one last test for all of you. The previous Shogun had chosen you to be his warriors and now it is my turn to choose... I only need one warrior... whose loyalty I will test from his or her victory over the others."

The room fell silent. Miyu could feel bile rising from her throat.

"One bushido to one ninja," he continued, a sly smile on his face. "Place your pendants in front of me now... one by one... and I will see if you are worthy for this test."

The Shogun started with the guardian of the Ox pendant. Miyu was confused as to why he did not start with the Rat pendant, who was the first in the Zodiac circle, when she noticed the talisman in the Shogun's hand.

The Shogun is the Rat...

The Ox pendant started to shake on the table and a soft brown glow was emanating from it. The Shogun smiled and nodded his head. Next came the Tiger then the Rabbit and finally, it was her turn.

The room was silent when she came to centre stage.

"Who are you?" the Shogun asked.

"My father is Ryunnosuke Fukui, bearer of the Dragon pendant, and I am Miyuko Fukui, his only daughter, my lord."

She looked him straight in the eye; the defiance in her voice unmistakable. She knew those eyes. And she knew that he knew too.
