 Another three hours writing and editing. Frankly, I'm pushing it, as I may be out for a few weeks after this. In the meantime, hope you enjoy this continuing, ridiculous saga.

It does get hardcore in this chapter. Finally...

*****

"I don't think you should eat anything with blasherberries in them," said Brad to Rebecca, as the two walked towards the center square of the small town. Jake, the man they'd met at the library, gave Brad twenty bucks to get by for the day, before they separated ways.

"It's all I got on me, but it'll be enough to eat. Then I meet you both at the park at six, right?"

"That's right, Jake, but no promises," said Brad. "We'll let you come back with us, but I cannot ensure it will be permanent. We may discover that's a bad idea."

"I understand," said Jake. 

At street corners and lights, whenever they stopped, Brad continued to stroke and grope on Rebecca, ensuring they passed as natives. "You okay with that? Stay away from those mints, too."

"Alright," said Rebecca, sounding dejected. She loved how blasherberries tasted, and hoped to try it in other foods, but she understood Brad was here for information, not a vacation. 

There was something about blasherberries that made women crave being touched. How on earth blasherberries could make women feel like it was a physical need, every bit as important as food or water, was beyond Rebecca's reasoning. However, after eating a couple of blasherberry mints, it did make Brad's hands more tolerable.

It was after noon, when they were only a couple blocks near the square, Brad spotted a deli and pointed, "Want to try there?"

"Sure, why not? I am hungry. I usually eat breakfast and since we skipped it today..."

Rebecca and Brad continued to walk side by side as they made their way to the restaurant. It was warm and Rebecca wondered what the women did when it got cold outside. Just a few days ago, she never would have believed she would be naked in front her friend, Brad. After having done it so long now, it felt almost normal. 

Rebecca would never have known Brad, had they not been neighbors. They were about the same age and hung out every now and then, but she never saw him as dating material, hence she never saw herself naked around him. She wasn't immediately physically attracted to Brad, and he likely wasn't intellectually attracted to her, but they were still decent friends. Through that friendship, she was outright ecstatic that he had agreed to take her on this adventure, even if it did put her in some awkward situations.

As the two waited to cross the last intersection to reach the deli, Rebecca was taking more notice of Brad's groping. Rather than being inviting, now it was getting a touch annoying. 'Maybe if he gets a few more hundred hours in it, he'll start getting better at it,' Rebecca thought to herself, sarcastically. 'He may be smart as fuck, but he could work on his hand skills.'

"Wow, they're pretty busy. You want to go somewhere else?" Brad asked, as the two entered. 

The sandwich shop had a line forming to the door. There were probably more than a dozen people in the cramped space, from the door to the cashier. A small, but bustling place. It reminded Brad of the soup shop in Seinfeld, but even more cramped.

"Nah, it can't take too long," said Rebecca, as she squeezed in front of Brad, and directly behind a large man in a hardhat. He turned to her and smiled, noticing immediately that she wasn't being fondled. 

"How you doing today, young lady?" he asked, in a deep voice, just as he firmly reached up and grabbed Rebecca's right breast with his left hand. Immediately, he began making soothing motions deep into her flesh.

'Now here's a guy who knows what he's doing?' thought Rebecca. She had been mentally prepared this might happen, but it still seemed forward and intrusive, nonetheless. 'Maybe it takes more than a couple mints... or maybe it wears off?' 

Brad dug out his wallet, taking out the strange paper currency Jake had given him, and then discovered that someone else had already gotten to the business of groping Rebecca. 'At least I can take a break, I guess,' he said to himself in his head, unconvincingly. The fact was, he wasn't sure how he felt about other people fondling his friend, much less strangers.

There were three other women in line, all also getting groped and rubbed. One young woman, maybe a college student, had her massive, but youth-firm knockers getting pulled hard by the two men standing next to her. It seemed no bother to her as she ordered her meal at the counter. Her nipples looked almost four inches long, as one of the men stretched it as far as it could possibly go. Brad was flummoxed how such actions could be deemed appropriate, much less tolerable to the young lady.

There was no question the big man groping Rebecca was practiced. He seemed to know just how much pressure to apply to meet her "needs" as it were. Even still, she wondered if she would be able to keep this up, if the effects blasherberry mints subsided anytime soon.

'I'm not sure I can risk being groped by strangers all day without that stuff,' Rebecca thought. She wished she hadn't promised Brad she would stay "clean". It was unfair. He didn't have to put up with what she was experiencing.

Somehow, Rebecca managed to focus her attention to the menu as the stranger got even more hands-on with her. "You should try their Smoked Capocollo & Blasherberry. Best thing every."

"Oh yeah?" said Rebecca. How she craved that blasherberry, but knew it was forbidden. "How's their ham and turkey?"

"They have the best ham in the city. Get it with their spicy mustard, though. That's just the thing. And on rye. Mmm mm." 

"I think I know what I'll order," said Rebecca, turning to Brad. "You know what you want?"

"I guess I'll take what he suggested," said Brad, having overheard their conversation.

"Uh, Brad!" screamed Rebecca. "But why you, and not me?"

"Fine, I'll stay away from it, too," whispered Brad. He didn't want a fight, or to give any stranger a clue as to what they were talking about, so he closed the conversation.

"Hey, buddy," said the man groping Rebecca to Brad. "Why don't you help your girl out? I gotta order."

Brad scrambled to make sense of it and then jumped in place, hoping it appeared normal enough. He began squeezing and tugging on Rebecca, and the man briefly glanced at Brad's actions, snickered, and then turned away to approach the counter.

"Maybe be on your toes more," whispered Rebecca. The difference between Brad and this stranger's groping skills was night and day. If the two were going to continue to make trips here, Rebecca was thinking she was going to have to give Brad some private lessons. 

'He's gonna get busted if he gets in a position where he's expected to grope a stranger,' thought Rebecca.

They both ordered the ham and turkey on rye, with the spicy mustard, and were lucky to find a recently-emptied table. They brushed off the crumbs and sat down. Rebecca was just close enough to Brad to say, "You should probably keep twisting a nipple or something while we eat... just in case."

Such a sentence would have sounded utterly ludicrous only a few days ago, thought Brad. With one hand, he unwrapped his sandwich, while he began lightly touching the closest nipple of his friend. He was amazed how confidently she sat so close to him, and in front of complete strangers, while not having a stitch of clothing on.

As the two bit into their sandwich, both of their eyes popped instantly. They recognized it immediately. "That's blasherberry!" screamed Rebecca, almost laughing. Celebrating, maybe? 

"It's in the mustard," said Brad. "Definitely the mustard."

"I think in the bread, too!" exclaimed Rebecca. She took another bite, larger this time. The flavors exploded in her mouth. "This is the best goddamn sandwich I have ever had."

Brad thought so, too, but he was beside himself that his friend was ingesting the one thing he'd hoped they could avoid. She was halfway through her sandwich before he had time to respond. "Whoa there!"

"You don't understand. This is amazing. Can we get another one? Or.. you? You want all of yours?"

Brad was hungry, but conceded. Shaking his head, he tossed half his sandwich to her. Instinctively and almost out of frustration, he gave Rebecca's tit a hard tug. She perked up. "Oh, hey. That's better!" 

Brad sat in stunned silence, while he watched her devour the food. 

"They have blasherberry shakes. Can I get one?"

"The water isn't enough?"

"Please? Come on. I've already been exposed to it. Please. Just this once."

They only had about five bucks left. Brad passed it to Rebecca and watched her get back into line, completely naked. Immediately, hands were on her. In response, she said hello to the strangers fondling her, and then waved to Brad, bouncing on her toes. She couldn't wait to try the blasherberry shake, it seemed.

It was almost ten minutes of unmitigated groping from strangers before Rebecca finally place her order. She didn't mind the hands on her body one bit. It was as if getting groped - along with the attention it demanded - placated her now. Made her feel... normal. In her mind, she deserved it, and was owed it.

Brad met her at the counter once she was handed her shake. "Let's go exploring."

"Sure," she said. "Don't forget..."

"I won't." Brad tugged at one of her breasts and then reached down with his other hand, squeezing her bottom. He shoved her towards the exit, pushing her ass to navigate through the traffic.

"Well, you're getting better now, I think," chuckled Rebecca. Or maybe it was just her state of mind, while under the influence of blasherberry? Either way, she knew she would like having Brad grope her while the effects were in full swing.

They passed shops, and a post office, as well as offices and other restaurants, when Brad said, "Have you noticed there aren't any children here. Not too many old people, either."

Rebecca glanced around. Brad was tit-tugging on her while they sat on a bench, more assertively than his usual ways, occasionally stopping to stroke her body or give her ass a squeeze. She thought all of it felt normal, even good. "You know, you're right. No kids anywhere." She noted an attractive couple coming up the walk, not twenty paces from them.

"Something we'll ask Jake about later," said Brad."

"Look over there. Sign for a mall. Think we have time to take a bus there and make it back to meet Jake at six?"

"I don't see why not," said Brad. "It's not even two yet." 

Just as Brad and Rebecca were getting off the bench to find the nearest bus stop, the attractive couple stopped next to them. The woman was making the man pay closer attention to her, even though he was already groping on her. He was also now standing close to Rebecca and he casually reached over to squeeze her breast, now rubbing both women simultaneously. 

'It had to have been because Brad stopped groping me, if only for a moment.' thought Rebecca. 'Since we're leaving, I can disengage, though." She thought she had figured out the "rules" to this universe by now, but wasn't entirely positive.

"So I'll be gone for six days and won't even get to see you tonight," said the woman, to the tall, handsome man. "Please?" She dropped to her knees and began unbuckling the man's belt. Soon, she had it unbuckled, and his pants and drawers dropped to the ground. She took hold of his cock, stroking it toward her face.

The man looked annoyed, rather than pleased, and barked at Brad. "Hey, man. If you two ain't leaving, do you mind?" He waved at his woman, who now took the head of his penis in her mouth.

"Brad!" yelled Amanda. "Wake up, already!" She turned to the stranger groping her. "So sorry. He's had a stressful day."

"Oh... well, okay. You two leaving or staying?"

Brad jumped down to the woman and reached around her back, grabbing both of her firm, small breasts with his hands. 

"We were about to lea-" Rebecca started.

"I'm Pete. This is my wife, Eileen." She mumbled an acknowledgement. Apparently, it is difficult to speak with a cock in one's mouth. "Haven't seen you two here before. I own the laundromat down the road, and Eileen here is a public speaker."

"The irony,' thought Brad, as she was incapable of doing the very thing she gets paid to do, at least at the moment.

"I'm Rebecca. This is Brad. We're just passing through."

"Hey, hope you don't mind," said the man, looking down at his wife sucking his cock. "But we aren't going to see each other for a week, and she insists. I know it's off-putting to some folks."

'So sex in public isn't exactly the norm,' thought Brad. 'More like it's parallel to public displays of affection in our dimension.'

Eileen was going to town, making Pete's peter get ever stiffer in her mouth. It wasn't going to take long for him to finish, that much was obvious to Rebecca. He squeezed even harder on her tits, as he got closer to orgasm. Brad decided the rational thing to do, was try the same on the man's wife. He squeezed and tugged, massaging her tits as best he knew.

"It's okay," said Rebecca to Pete. "Your other hand is free. Why don't you rub both of them? Hey... you can look at me, too, while you cum in her mouth if it helps. I give you permission to look at me like a sex object."

Brad was fucking stunned by Rebecca's words. Frankly, so was she. 'Why did I say that?' she asked herself.

"That is so nice of you!" said Eileen excitedly, briefly popping her husband's cock out of her mouth. She still stroked furiously with her left hand, though. She tilted towards Brad. "You too, then. I welcome penetration, if you want to do it."

'IF?' thought Brad. He'd only had sex once in his life and that was one awkward-as-fuck moment. How on earth could he do it in public? But he so badly wanted to get laid, he stood up and started to unbuckle his own belt.

"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING, MAN?" screamed the guy who was about to explode in his wife's face. 

Brad jumped back. Even Rebecca did a little.

"I.. uh.. she said... uh..."

Eileen chuckled and shook her head, while her husband berated Brad. "She said to penetrate her, man, not fuck her! She's not gonna fuckin' cheat on me!"

Rebecca, realizing what they meant before Brad did and held up her hands, waving her fingers. 

"Oh, oooh!" cried Brad, a light bulb moment. "I'm so sorry." He immediately reached down and searched for the entrance to Peter's wife. He started at her ass, rubbing down and in, finally coming to a dampened area. Turning his forefinger a bit, he worked it inside.

"Like I said," said Rebecca. "Brad's had a stressful day." 

Her lie seemed to pass well enough with the two, as everyone went back to the matter at hand. Bard now had two fingers inside Eileen, but was unsure how deep he should go, and Rebecca stood close to Peter as he fondled her big tits. He kept looking her over up and down, enjoying her voluptuous figure. Then he began shivering and shimmering, as Eileen pushed him closer to climax.

"She's such a putz," Peter managed to whisper to Rebecca. "I tell you what. If those damn blasherberries didn't make cum taste so fucking amazing, I bet she'd never give me a blowjob."

Eileen pulled off again. "Hey, you take that back," she laughed. "I'd do it for birthdays and special events, maybe."

Peter and Rebecca laughed with her, though Brad didn't really get it, but tried to play along. He prayed he was fingering Eileen's pussy to her satisfaction. Rebecca wondered what Peter meant by blasherberries making cum taste good. How was that possible? 

A man, maybe in his late thirties, was just passing them and said, "Can't you keep that shit at home?"

"Stick in the mud," said Eileen, pulling off the cock once more, but before she finished her sentence, it erupted on her face. "No, no, no, my mouth!" she screamed. "In my mouth!" She opened wide and shoved it back down, gulping the remaining loads down.  

Peter bore hard down on Rebecca's tits as he came, and Rebecca noted how amazing it felt, regardless. She had to admit, she was getting wet watching this scene unfold. It seemed so surreal to her.

Eileen smacked her lips and smiled, standing up. She leaned in towards Rebecca. "Hey, thanks for playing along. I know he likes that every now and then." She winked at her husband. "So...?" she asked, leaving a question hanging in the air.

"Uh..." Rebecca glanced side to side, unsure what Eileen was asking her. "I.. uh.. enjoyed it, too, thanks."

"No, silly," laughed Eileen. She waved to her cum-soaked face. "Do you want some? Only customary for us girls to share, when given the opportunity, right?"

"Uh... right?" asked Rebecca softly, a quiver in her voice.

Brad's jaw dropped as he witnessed his friend nervously lean in and extend her tongue to Eileen's face. Just as the tip of it barely touched the thick liquid goo, Rebecca's eyes popped to attention. In an instantly, she was furiously licking the strange woman's face, lapping up every drop of cum.

"Tastes so good," she mumbled as she moved to the other side.

"Yeah, well. If you have any left on your tongue, you can share that with me, ya know."

Rebecca didn't know if the woman was serious, but why not? Things had gone this far. She dove her tongue down Eileen's throat.

Brad couldn't believe what he was watching. A tall, thin MILF of a woman, was french kissing his hot-as-fuck neighbor, swapping cum together. Brad was jealous, curious, amazed, and raging horny all at the same time. He couldn't hold back his excitement. Brad's cock, while straining his pants in his erect state, began unloading its own package. He cried out, "Jesus Christ! Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck!"

All three whipped their heads to Brad, and immediately noticed what happened. "No way," laughed Peter. "I guess that's pretty flattering for you two, huh?" He pinched both the girls.

Eileen looked back to Rebecca. "There's more?"

Rebecca didn't care what Brad thought, she was getting that cum. Instantly, the two women jumped him, rushing to get what wasn't already soaked into his underwear and pants. Brad tried to stop them, but Rebecca moved in hard. "You can't waste this stuff, Brad. Eileen's right. You see me naked all the time, anyway. It's not a big deal."

"Oh, you two aren't a couple?" asked Peter, sounding somewhat surprised.

"No, just friends," said Rebecca tugging harder on Brad's underpants. Finally, he lost his grip, snapping his cock into view. As it happened, it slapped Rebecca across the face, almost knocking her off balance. 

She bounced back, but it was then she noticed what she was facing. How on fucking earth did Brad manage to keep that monster hidden in his jeans, was beyond her. Perhaps nine inches long, and four or five inches around, it was a masterpiece. Cum was dripping off the tip of it, and she badly wanted its taste in her mouth. She wondered if Brad's would be different than Peter. Nothing in her life had ever tasted so good. Nothing! She pathologically wanted more.

Rebecca looked to Eileen, and then back to Brad. His cock remained not an inch or two from her lips. "I'm sorry. I have to," she said.

"Uh oh," he responded. Brad had no idea what he was in for.