 NB: This is a test-run to see if the story is well liked. I had this story idea after listening to Jay Chou's Qing Hua Qi [blue and white porcelain] as well as reading the manga 'Fruits Basket' by Natsuki Takaya. As I am not Japanese and this story setting is in a feudal era, I had to do quite a lot of research before writing the story down. As such, any mistakes and historical inaccuracies are mine and mine alone. But above all, this is a work of fiction, so enjoy, rate and give me comments on whether I should continue! =) - MC

***

The year was 1616. 

Japan was ruled by the Tokugawa Shogunate; a feudal society often known as the Edo period. The country was divided into three hundred regional domains, governed by feudal lords, daimyo who had total power over their respective land. The samurai protected these lands and served their daimyo and shogun with the utmost loyalty dictated by the tenets of bushido, the way of the warrior. The bushido provided a code of ethics that defined the service and conduct of the samurai; that he may not kill indiscriminately and at all time, safeguard his honour as an elite member of society. 

But the Shogun and daimyo did not always require the respectful ways of the samurai and would sometimes employ mercenary ninjas to carry out their missions and kept them as bodyguards. The ninjas of the Iga and Koga clan were among the most respectful and professional ninja warriors. 

Upon unification of Japan under the Tokugawa shogunate, the Shogun had bequeathed twelve special talismans shaped into a pendant for his twelve most loyal samurai and ninja. 

***

Year- 1707

"Miyukoko, hide in the shoin! Shut the shōji and lock it. I will come for you my child," said Ryunnosuke. Glancing back, he saw her eyes wide open with fear. "I promise," he added. 

Gathering up her kimono, she made a quick run for the shoin where her father spent his time studying and resting. It was their private sanctuary; a place where her father had taught her the art of self defense, away from the prying eyes of their neighbours. It was unusual in a traditional society for a woman to be interested in martial arts but after his wife's death, Ryunnosuke had encouraged his only child to defend herself. 

It was only logical that a samurai pass down his skills and wisdom to his heir and Miyukoko was all that he had left and he would do everything to protect her. Like now. 

The sky was brick red, lit by the blaze from burning houses. Women were shouting and children were crying. 

"Bloody bandits!" he swore. Then he ran towards the first bandit he could see and did his best to protect his village. 

Unknown to Ryunnosuke, a pair of eyes was watching him from the darkness provided by the trees. Dressed in all black, it was almost impossible to spot the perpetrator. He had a mission: Kill the samurai and steal his pendant and his daito. The daito was part of a pair of swords or katana that represented the samurai's status. He knew this katana was special or else his master would not have wanted it. Being the rat that he was, he began planning his moves. 

The perpetrator hid among the shadows, avoiding the chaos of the plundering. As he got closer, he could see the samurai more clearly. Ryunnosuke, or Ryun as he was often referred to, was no longer the dragon as his name suggests. Ryun was ageing and the perpetrator knew that killing the old man would be an easy job. 

But Ryun had sensed him. 

"A ninja?" he heard him whisper into his ears. He had not anticipated the old man's agility but he was now being held tight with the samurai's sword at his neck. 

"Who sent you?" But the ninja kept quiet. The samurai had been quick, but he was younger and much faster. Using his sode-kusari a chain weapon hidden in his sleeve, he disarmed the samurai in a split second. He now held the daito but he knew Ryun still had the short sword with him. Samurais always carried a pair of swords and he was counting on it. He could taste victory on his lips and a battle with a famous samurai simply whetted his appetite. 

Ryun had been weakened considerably by the hours of fighting with the bandits, whom he was beginning to think were not bandits after all, considering their level of swordsmanship. Yet, he kept his head high and knew that if this was to be his last battle, he would give it his all. The ninja was less skilled than he was but youth was on his side. 

His short katana was wrapped around the ninja's sode-kusari. It was now a matter of strength; whoever pulled the other to the ground first would most likely win. The ninja's eyes gleamed as he focused on Ryun. 

"Say goodbye Dragon. Your time has come," said the ninja. Then he did the unexpected- He let go of his weapon and the force of Ryun's pull earlier sent him reeling backwards to the ground. Using the long katana that he had taken from Ryun earlier, the ninja plunged it through the old man's heart. 

Smiling to himself, he took both swords and sheathed it. Then he began to search for the pendant under Ryun's kimono. Confusion washed over him when he realized that the pendant was nowhere to be found on the samurai. Where could it be? It was then that he realized that the daito he held were not the swords that he was suppose to steal. Surely it would not have been that easy to disarm a legendary sword. That bastard! He probably died thinking he had the last laugh. 

He had to find the sword and the pendant fast. The houses were slowly burning and he did not want to return to his master empty handed. 

He had to go into Ryun's house and retrieve the items. The fire had not touched his house at all since it was located further away; hidden near the hotsprings. The ninja wasted no time but rushed to Ryun's house. Then he saw it. A flickering light from a candle coming from the shoin. He did not want to take any chances. What if there was a samurai waiting for him? Swords unsheathed, he tiptoed towards the room, hiding always in the shadows.

He could still see the light through the shōji. The translucent paper-like door structure made it possible for whoever inside to see his silhouette. Not intending to waste more time, the ninja sliced through the door and braced himself. 

Then he caught sight of her. 

Her eyes were wide with shock but stared at him with an intensity that was not one of fear. Defiance perhaps. She knew why he had come. 

But the ninja kept on staring at her. She was only dressed in her hiyoku; the inner garment of her kimono. The almost translucent white material of her hiyoku did nothing much to hide her curves although most were hidden by shadows cast by the candlelight. Her beauty mesmerized him until he forgot for a moment the reason he was there. 

That second of hesitation almost cost him his life. Miyako had pulled out her tessen, a fan shaped weapon made of iron and was posing in a fighting stance, waiting for her opponent. Her tessen had blades at the edge and was currently pointing at his neck.

"No… Ryunnnosuke-sama sent me. I am Ken, the guardian of the Rat pendant."

"Liar!" she hised and kicked him between his legs. Having gained a few minutes of freedom, she started running only to bump into another stranger as she exited the shoin.

"Fukui-san?" asked the man, who adorned a regular kimono, unlike the black garments of the ninja. Nevertheless, she was on her guard and drew her tessen. It was an awkward moment as she was literally caught between two men who were possibly armed and want to kill her. But her new guest had sensed their third companion and moved past her without a stir towards the ninja. 

Ken knew that this man was trouble. He moved like a samurai and smelled like one. It was time for him to leave. Backing into the shadows, he scampered off. He planned to keep watch on Ryun's daughter and carry out his orders, even if it means killing her. 

"He's gone. Who was that Fukui-san?" asked the stranger as he turned towards Miyuko. 

"The question is who are you?" she replied, her tessen already fanned out, her body in an attacking stance. 

"My name is Hiroto Inoue. I come here bearing this letter for Ryunnnosuke Fukui from the Shogun Tokugawa Tsunayoshi himself,"

"How can I know for sure that you can be trusted?" 

Not waiting for his reply, she launched her first attack with her bladed fan. The unsuspecting Hiroto was caught off guard, but managed to evade her attack. 

"Fukui-san, I will not draw my sword on you for it is against the bushido to do so indiscriminately, so please put your tessen  down."

Miyuko lowered her hand but kept her eyes focused on the man called Hiroto. Hiroto on the other hand was trying his best not to glance down towards her half parted hiyoku. 

"My father is dead. That man killed him."

"Then you must take his place."

"Not until I give my father his proper burial."

***

They buried him near the falls before the cool spring water met the hot springs. Miyuko did the funeral ritual by herself, staying with the deceased in the same room overnight and offered prayers in the morning as she lowered his body into the ground. She refused to let Hiroto help her and despite her difficulties, she managed. It helped her grieve and she knew that soon, she had to take her father's place in the Shogun's court. 

She remained silent even as she packed her things, including her father's real daito hidden under his kimonos. 

"I don't need you to come with me," Miyuko said defiantly to Hiroto. 

"Even if you're a samurai, I will not let you make this travel alone."

"Inoue-sama, I am capable of riding my own horse and defending myself against an attack."

"You would be so lucky if all they wanted was to kill you," he replied calmly. Upon her sharp look, he grinned. 

"Then, may I remind you, Inoue-sama, that I am currently dressed like a man. There is no reason for… for anything to happen!" True enough, she was wearing her father's kimono. She had worn her hiyoku tight enough to bind her breast and had twisted her hair and hid it carefully under a straw hat. 

"Fukui-san, you are most definitely woman," he replied as he set the horse to trot next to hers. 

Miyuko kept her retorts to herself. She wasn't sure if she could trust this man but he was right. She needed his protection. As much as she could defend herself, she had still not completed her training and Hiroto Inoue is a samurai. If anything, she could respect him because of that. 

"Who do you think was that man who killed my father? Was he part of the bandits who plundered our village?"

"He is a ninja… but I could not discern from which clan he is from. Did he take anything from you Fukui-san?"

"No. But he was holding on to father's daito and that's when I knew he had killed my father and had taken his swords. You know what that means right?"

"Yes, I do. That he has disarmed and dishonoured a samurai. I would rather you believe that your father had committed seppuku…"

"But, we both know he didn't."

"Then honour him by believing that he did."

Miyuko kept silent for a moment.

"Did you know my father well, Inoue-san?"

"Our fathers were friends who trained together when they were younger. I believe I've met your parents once when I was about eight years old. I don't think you were even born then."

"Do I really look like her? Like my mother?"

"Yes you do. But I'm afraid you follow much of your father- stubborn, cynical and determined," he replied, smiling. 

The rest of their journey was travelled with minimal conversation. Miyuko kept her horse on a steady gallop. She wanted to reach the next village by sunset. She had a feeling that they'd be safer away from the darkness of the forests.