 Well this is a new series. I'm working on the others and hope to post them soon. Hope you like it.

And please leave comments and suggestions. They means a lot.

CHAPTER 01: Serious Matters

*

"Zara, you're needed in Gate 03 ASAP!" Saint said typing away on the computer. Zarlene who was trying to be calm for the last seven minutes nearly blew out, losing whatever calm she did managed to gather.

"WHAT?"

Saint paused on his light speed typing and sighed. He rolled out of the Surveillance booth facing her.

"Well, they are trying to rip away on the gate and if you don't hurry, they might actually succeed." He sad clasping his hands on his lap.

Zara just blinked for few moments.

"Where's Andrew?" She asked in a small voice. She really hated to fight those ugly slimy creatures. They even stink!

Saint moved back in the booth.

"He is quite busy at Gate 01." He said pulling the headgear on, his tone blank of any emotion.

"This is ridiculous. They are not smart enough, are they?" Zarlene said standing up and going over to the cubicle to change into her battle gear. A thick translucent glass chamber that occupied the left wing of the room they call TECH HUB.

Saint tried his best not to look at the silhouette of her trimmed figure but mostly failed. He knew that this was an impossible dream of his, but he could hope that one day his best friend will be more then that. That one day she would notice how much he wanted her. But that day wasn't present in his dimension and he tried to accept the fact.

Then he remembered about her question.

"Y-Yeah. But they are evolving."

Saint snapped his head back just as Zara came out wearing army style black full sleeved t-shirt, padded and armored in places most prone to bites and scratches. That means, it covered each and every part of her. The suit was a fashion disaster, making her look like a over-sized mutated potato. Another thing to add to her misery.

"You look marvelous. You should try it when Andrew is around. He would surely fall for you." Saint snickered at the contorted expression on her face.

Zara showed her best friend the 'holy' finger before setting her headgear, synchronizing it with Saint's piece.

"Hello, asshole? Hear me you son..."

"FUCK OFF!" Saint screamed making her cringe.

Zara laughed at his outburst before taking her full-auto out of the safe and disappearing through the door.

Saint remained still.

"No, Andrew is the asshole. Ignoring you, Zara." He whispered, covering his mouth piece. He closed his eyes, collecting his emotions, then jumping back to his work. To save her from unwanted and mostly disgusting surprises.

**

Zara raced down the array of corridors towards her destination. Her mind still in the Tech Hub. Her heart racing. Andrew. She had a crush on the boy, okay the man, five years older then her eighteen, from god knows how many years. He was everything a girl might want in her man. Brave, strong, handsome among other things. She wanted to be with him. But the problem was, he doesn't even notice her that way. She have been trying to get his attention for years but he acted like she wasn't good enough for him. 

Now, she knew that she is more then good. She knew how attractive she was, with her voluptuous features. She have many times noticed boys at the Colony gawking at her double-D's, or at her finely curved backside. Her mother disapproved of her figure stating that having big things means more meat for the zombies. It was quite stupid of her of all the people. Where else does she thinks her daughter inherited her finesse at this department.

She was brought out of her introspection with the hiss of the shielding gate opening.

"SDVO. Opening gate three in one minute and counting." Came Saints clear voice making her shudder. She couldn't decide whether to kiss him or kick him for it. The new voice refining system he set up in the visors were so much distortion free that it felt like he whispered down on her ears.

Now for you people, SDVO stands for 'Safety Down, Visor On', a standard procedure for the Terminators. And that's what she did. A cool blue tinge took over her vision, showing various readings in white before clearing and showing a countdown timer.

Thirty-six, Thirty-five, Thirty-four...

"Good luck." This time he did whispered causing a similar reaction. She blamed it on the machine, again.

***

Saint snickered as the reading of her heartbeat suddenly piked. The tech wiz was happy knowing his voice have a reaction on her. He knew very well that he will hear about it forever but it was worth it.

He focused just as the timer showed ten seconds. Another window spouted next to its brethren, showing the view just outside the triple layered entrance. Gate no. 03 Printed in red with the 'te' now sacrificed to the nicking and scratching.

"Three on the left, five on the right and two just ahead of you." He informed her just as the first lock hissed open.

"YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME!" Zara cursed as she blew two heads in precise two bursts, "You telling me now?"

"Well, it was the right time to trigger your instinct." He countered.

Technically he was right. Within five seconds, she had already burst open five heads. The dead dead lay still minus their head.

"I'm coming for ya!" She screamed at her not so best friend, giving the sixth zombie a good sweet chin music. Its neck snapped and the body slummed down on the cracked asphalt. Zara felt adrenalin rush through her veins as she parried a pair of back nailed hands. Her hand flew to the machete clipped to her hips and with a graceful curve the unfortunate zombie was unhanded. It tried to scream but what came out of its torn and rotten vocal chords was similar to a screech. But before its brains could contemplate its next move, it wasn't left with one.

Inside the Tech Hub, Saint was having his own issues. One of the hands have knocked down the surveillance camera. So he was without any visual. He berated himself not adding an inbuilt camera on Zara's headgear.

"Zara, the cam is down!"

Well, you don't need to panic. The done with the zombies and my visor isn't showing any movement within a mile radius. So, we're done here." She said dispatching the last one.

"Thank god. Are you okay. They didn't bite you or something did they?"

Zara rolled her eyes pulling off her visor, an illegal move that could result in a good rebuke from the Prime Commander about family honor blah, blah, blah. But her friend can take care of the minor details.

She turned the mike off pulling it down to her neck. Her sleek raven hair wasn't so shiny anymore, covered in stinky red goo. She walked a few steps away from the gore, catching some of the morning sun.

She heard the constant beeping coming from her ear piece. But she ignored it. It was probably Saint trying to shove a piece of wisdom into her stubborn head. After few more beeps. It went silent. She knew it was wrong to hung on your best friend like this but sunlight was a very rare commodity. She lost herself thinking about what humanity have lost. What it have done to itself provoking this biohazard.

What she failed to notice in her restful trance was the danger rising behind her, crawling its slimy talons towards her.

****

To someone who don't know Saint well enough, it might seem that he is having a panic attack, which ofcourse was not the case. It was just his hyperactive mind. After he noticed the strange disturbance rising around Gate no. 03, he tried to warn Zara. But Zara being, well Zara, ignored it. Andrew was too far away to reach her in time. So he was left with the only option, which wasn't very much an option anyway.

He raced down the same corridors that Zara trailed few minutes ago. Without bothering for any armor rest his usual work clothes he felt terrified.

"This is stupid! What am I supposed to do there?" He muttered, gripping the auto-shotgun firmly. "I haven't taken a single shot in last four years. God, what if I got myself killed or worse?! Infected!"

But he didn't stop. He can't stop. Zara was in danger and he would rather die then let her get into harm. It might sound as an exaggeration on his part as he was the one who send her out there, but it was important. She is one of the best fighters the have to offer, even if she despises her job so much. She is ignorant, so he had to take the rein to keep her edges sharp.

About thirty meters away, Zara was in a compromising situation. Before her stood a twelve feet zombie Assembly. It was disgusting to even look at less fight. It was bulky, which was a surprise as it was a ten in one package. Four heads formed its what appeared to be the upper torso. Two on the shoulders and two on the knees. Besides its fat arms and legs, five to six hands spiraled around her body clawing at nothing but air. Its middle portion constituted of two crossed arms and nestled between them was its maw. Hundreds of sharp teeth's circled inside. It wasn't the best place for a vacation unless you're trying for a permanent one.

But it wasn't the most hilarious part of it. That would go to the place between its legs, where a huge cock hung twitching occasionally. It almost made her gag. 

"You're quite a man aren't you." She found herself commenting. Ofcourse she didn't expect it to understand the pull. 

But surprisingly it did, or rather to say he.

"Spprread yourr leggsss cunnt!" The voice was a mix of different overtones entwined to make a muscular one.

After the initial astonishment on hearing the monster talk, Zara dared to glance at the three foot long dead meat. The skin was chipped and cracked with rotten blood and other feverish fluids oozing out of them.

"I'd rather be a virgin for life then spread my legs for you." She spat at him. Then swiftly shot two bullets to his torso. Two of the four heads burst open. But even before her eyes could move to the third target, she saw something that really rocked her. The wounds knitted back and the damaged heads were as healthy as a dead persons can be. Watching her surprised the monster guffawed, only stopped by another round of bullets to his right stubby leg.

"SSILLYY GIRRRL! LEET MEE USEE YOUR WOMB AND I MIGHT LEET YOUU LIVVVE!"

She checked her supply. Only twelve more rounds and then she would be at the mercy of her machete, which she surmised would do her as much good as a fluffy pillow will against this... this big-dick-family-pack-mutant-zombie thing.

Just when she was going to aim for his hands, another gun roared, much louder to be hers. And a huge chunk of rotten smelly meat stuck her on the chest, she flew back and hit her head against the ungiving asphalt bouncing a second time.

Saint cursed. He really should have kept his aiming sharp. Now, he was not competent enough to shoot this ugly monster with a huge butt in the head. While he is standing just few meters away from him. The scatter shot somehow dislodged its filthy manhood making the monster sick and pissed like hell.

To top off things, Zara just went down with its cock. Irony could be such a bitch sometimes. 

"YOUUU!" The monster roared and hissed at the same time if it makes sense. Saint gulped and backed a few steps. The monster was now facing him. His black hellish maw open and grinding on itself while its lower portion tried to supply another dick but failed.

With a frustrated grunt, the monster zombie lunged at him. He barely dodged the three quintal mass of rotten flesh before it swatted him like a fly. He trained his shotgun at the side of the monster and shot and fortunately he didn't miss this time. The blunt force made it loose a step and trip. It howled in agony or in rage. It was hard for saint to tell. He managed on his feet and reloaded a shot and opened it right on the maw of the beast. Shot after shot he fed it, hoping it would stop whining and die so that he could go and check on Zara. But it just remained down taking down shots after shots. Then Saint had an idea, he ran.

Not out of the battlefield, but towards Zara's prone figure. He knelt down checking her nerves, they were faint and unsteady. Then he noticed blood oozing out from the point of impact on her head. Her arms were scratched profoundly and bleeding, more then few bones broken. He felt tears appear as he cupped her face and lowered his lips to meet hers into a slight kiss.

"Stay alive for few more minutes!" He whispered and started searching for what he was seeking. By this time the monster was already on his feet and slowly approaching the pair. Saints hand brushed against something and that was it, the incendiary grenade, made to handle when the number of zombies is too large to handle with bullets. He threw it at the monster.

But it dropped just below him and rolled ahead harmlessly. Saint felt sick. Then he understood what went wrong. In his moment of hurry, he forgot to pull the pin. He was useless.

But not defeated. Not until his last breath will he let its slimy fingers touch his precious Zara. Yeah right!

So he bounded planning to cross the zombie with a parabolic projection horizontally from its right side. He calculated his speed and angle of projection and crossed him in quick but somehow lackey strides. The monster reached for him but missed. Saint rolled once awkwardly and reached for the grenade.

"Don't bother." He heard a voice and looked up just to see Andrew launching a rocket. It spiraled through the air and hit home. The monster was history in a array of smoke and chunks of flesh. Saint felt the shockwave that pounded him on the ground.

The same way it restored some of Zara's consciousness. She opened her eyes into thin slits and saw her dream guy standing there with a badass rocked launcher amidist the glowing ashes and smoke. And she felt the same crush she felt every time, only multiplied several times.

"My hero." She grumbled before going back to sleep.

*****

Saint stood beating his head on the hard surface of the surveillance booth desk.

"Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!"

He felt awful. How many times must he face the despair to keep her happy. How many time should he lie to keep her dream of getting Andrew alive. How many times should he kill his own dreams and wants. He new the answer and it only made him feel more anguished.

Five hours earlier...

"Move those equipment! Yes. Help me settle her." Andrew growled, "Man, she is heavy."

Saint moved as swiftly as he could, grinding his teeth in frustration. He swiped the unfinished equipment down from the operating table which he combined as his zombie research facility. 

Andrew called in the medic, who arrived in about ten minutes. Saint himself was eligible enough to operate her wounds but he was well aware that the Prime Commander will never allow his nephew to to poked around by some rookie while a medic is still available.

So he was now sitting outside waiting for the medic to end the patch work. He tended to his own wounds which were mostly insignificant. Andrew went away to the command headquarters for reporting.

Erstwhile, he went inside. The medic informed that she faced some internal organ damage but very minor. One rib and left arms radius cracked. Also her skull was damaged by the impact but will heal. Overall she would live.

He took the stool right beside her head and waited, taking down her appearance, bandages covered her torso, under the jacket, her left arm suspended to give it room, a blue medic band circled her forehead. The pillow was set a little lower to reduce the pressure on her wounded scalp. He was distraught. Who won't be. Spend a decade with this pretty girl and you would know.

She woke with his touch on her good arm. And was assaulted by the greatest headache ever. She gasped her arm flying to her head in reflex.

"Here take this." Saint offered a painkiller capsule. She gingerly too the pill and drank some water with Saint's support on her back. When the headache subsided, she opened her eyes for the second time. Blinking to adjust to the light.

"Hi."

She moved her head wincing at the move.

"Don't move your head so much. You got a nasty bump back there." Saint said feeling a little relieved watching his friend responding.

"What happened... I don't remember. Wait!" She flew up inspite of his protests. She looked down at him, which made him feel a little rise.

"It was Andrew wasn't it! I saw him. He killed that motherfucker."

Saint stayed quite. Technically she was right but...

"And I think... he kissed me."

Wait, WHAT!

She was blushing which made Saint wonder if she really suffered from blood loss this morning.

They both remained silent.

'So she is aware of that...' He shook his head, 'But doesn't I deserve the credit? I would have killed it if Andrew wouldn't have interrupted.'

He wanted to yell and tell her that it was him who kissed her and not that oblivious douche. but he doubted she will buy it. After-all heroes go on facing big ugly monsters and save the damsel in distress. And Saint was no hero. He was... Tech support.

So he looked at her face scaling her expression. She looked overjoyed.

"Yes I called Andrew when I noticed the disturbance around you. He was done with Gate 01, so he hurried there. I can't say about the kiss part though..." he steeled his own conflicting feelings.

"IT MUST BE HIM! I really remember something similar to a kiss, even if a brief touch..."

So Saint was screwed this way. In times like this he feels like this life isn't worth fighting. He is nearly useless in battlefield, he doesn't have anyone to call family and his girl wants someone else.

But he still goes on, dragging the burden behind him. He felt lonely and unloved. But this was going on almost the wavelength of his life. He was an orphan from the beginning of his memories. What of his parents? Nobody knows. He was said to be found in an abandoned building, rapped in a cot, while the colony was sizing a town back, which was infected recently. So they eventually reached the conclusion that his parents were infected so they tried to hid him and left.

Fast forward seven years, he met a girl roughly of his age in a medical facility tending to the wounded soldiers, helping the medics in fetching potions and stuff. That's where she took his first aid lessons and his first electronics 101. For he wanted to be productive in some way. Orphans are not generally hugged and fondled in the colony. They have to earn it.

But that day was different because the new girl was only half orphan. She was the daughter of the late Prime Commander Wolff Crown, now under care of her mother Hilary Crown, the second in command to the present Commander Frost, Wolff's brother and her uncle.

Why she was there? It is a story on itself. To make it short, Zara pissed her Mom by technically obliterating her music collection with a flame thrower. So, she was grounded. And being the princess she was, she was enlisted as a help in the medical facility for the next six months, five days a week.

Saint smiled remembering what a bitch she used to be back at the days. Always ordering and molesting the other poor and orphans. But one day when she tried to make him do her part of work, he refused. She threw a scalpel at him which brushed past his arm but slicing at the least.

But he didn't cry just stared at her stricken face. Blood trickled down on the floor. Their was no one around. She ran off, leaving him standing there.

Three months and an almost healed scar later, he found himself in a similar situation all over again. But this time it was Zara on the receiving end. The zombies infiltrated the isolated medical facility, it was a massacre. The human forces arrived three hours later. And during these one-eighty minutes Saint and Kara survived hell. Most of the medical staff and all the soldiers were eaten up or saved for dinner. Few of the children who managed to hide themselves well survived. Actually only twelve out of over two hundred people. That day is still a sore burn on the Commandment, because the loss was basically their fault.
