 Part I: The Prisoner and the Concubine

I do not know how long I slept for following my encounter with Mistress Cynthia. It could have been days, months, even decades. Indeed the sleep lifted, it seemed an eternity. My mind was clouded and unclear, my vision blurred I blinked the sleep from them, and my head throbbed with pain. Indeed my whole body ached, every muscle sore. I could see little of my surroundings as the lights blurred in my vision, I tried to shake my mind clear, but it was slow in happening. The air in wherever I was cool, but pleasantly so. My back lay against soft cushions, and the smell of roses and incense teased me. Indeed as I breathed deeper, the aches faded a bit, the pleasant aromas soothing my body. 

I felt cool water drip softly onto my face, and then more coolness as something brushed across my forehead and down my cheek. I could see motion near my face, but it was unclear what it was. I reached out to touch whatever it was that was touching me, but I was unable to. It dawned on me that my hands were bound over my head. I struggled a bit more, in a panic as my helplessness became apparent to me. Hands caressed my head and neck, I tried to shake them away at first, but their touch was gentle, caring. I laid my head back into the cushions and sighed. 

"Do not struggle," a soft female voice whispered as a hand caressed my cheek, "you cannot get free." She placed her hand on my chest softly, I could feel her touch, hot but pleasantly so, through my shirt.

"Where am I," I demanded, trying to swallow the nervous fear that comes with such helplessness. I blinked my eyes again, the blurring still clear, although now I imagined I could make out the delicate lines of the speaker's face.

"That is a complicated question," she said quietly, "and it is my purpose to help you to understand and learn much of your fate. For now let's say that you are captive in the palace of Empress Cynthia, leader of the Sindara." She gave me a second to take that in, before I could ask my next question, she began to answer it. "You're vision should clear momentarily, it is a side of effect of the transit to our world.

"Your world?" I asked. My head was spinning. Still part of me thought this must be a dream. My vision cleared and I could make out more, although it was still somewhat blurry. The woman who leaned over me was beautiful, strikingly so. Between her beauty and the gentle caresses and massaging, the anxiety of the moment was calmed.

"The world of the Sindara," she smiled at me, "I know it will take time for you to understand and accept it, it always does. But you have been brought from your world, to this one, a new world or planet, the name of the world on which you are Thalassia, and you are in the Sindaran Empire. Our empire lies on the northern shores of the largest of the Thalassian continents. You are in the imperial palace."

"And Mistress Cynthia?"

"She is our ruler," she smiled, it was clear she held Cynthia in respect, "the Empress has ordered me to attend to your needs, and to answer your questions regarding our world, and your fate now that you are here."

My vision was clear now and so was the beauty of the woman who leaned over me. In some ways she was more beautiful, and sexier, than even Cynthia, although she didn't have the same power and authority about her. Yet she still had the same smell and feel of sexual energy, indeed in some ways it was even more intense. There was an odd mixture of innocence and sexual power about her. Her gaze betrayed that innocence, but she was clearly intelligent. Her breasts were small, but firm. Her blonde hair fell in tight curls around her large innocent blue eyes. She smiled as she sat on the bed next to me, caressing my hair, and holding a glass of what looked like wine to my lips, "go ahead it's not poison." She smiled and I sipped as she tilted the glass, it was actually quite good. "I live to serve; I know very well what you like, what will drive you wild."

"I see..."

"I am Vislani, Haj Vislani to be exact," she explained, "the Vislani are sexual servants, and our skill and power are unmatched. Yet we are bred to be servants, never to rule. The Haj are the elite and most prized of all Vislani, we are born incomplete. We are kept in the life chambers of the great temple until we submit to the will of the one we are to serve." 

"How old are you then? You were programmed for me? I mean I just got here right?" I was intrigued by all of this.

"It depends on what you consider the beginning of my life," she smiled, caressing my thigh now, "I've been in this form for a little over a month, yes you've been unconscious that long. My essence however, my soul, mind, and energy, that is hundreds of years old. The Haj mature as they age, we become... well better. I was one of the oldest of the Haj, you should be honored I was chosen as your gift. The Empress was quite generous; then again, the prophecy foretold the most prized of all the Haj shall be servant to the one who saves us." This was all too much, and still felt like a dream. I understood most of what she said, but it was frankly unbelievable. Yet the wine, this woman, the room, it all seemed so real.

"I am a bit overwhelmed as you can imagine, I don't understand all of this at all. If I am her prisoner, why would she 'give' me anything? Why am I here? I am supposed to 'save' the people who imprisoned me?" I ranted off question after question, meanwhile the girl smiled, lastly I asked "and what is your name?"

"I am known as Corinna," she responded, "as for your questions, that is why I am here, to answer them."

*****

Part II: The Empress and the Mystic

Cynthia stood staring out the window of her own bedroom, gazing out at the empire she had helped build. It was vast and powerful. For eons petty wars had changed the shape of Thalassia. Kingdoms rose and fell; kings rose and fell even faster. Borders constantly changed, allies became enemies, and enemies became allies. Yet through all of it, the Sindara were constant, unchanging. Their empire had stood for centuries, their might unchallenged. They controlled their borders through their strength and mystical power. They used sex as a weapon and as currency to win victories and make allies. None had ever dared think of entering their borders. No army of men would survive, no army of women existed, except the Sindara.

The Sindara were not born of the womb as lesser women. The great temple housed the life chambers from which they arose. Cynthia had been one of the first of the Sindara, had mastered the powers of the life chambers, and built the empire. No one knew who had built the chamber, or why, they just knew it was their life source. The Sindara age slowly, and as they reach maturity, they do not age at all. Cynthia had lived for hundreds of years, and now she was forced to watch as all she had built stood in jeopardy. The mystics felt it first, their power decreased, the ability to maintain the barrier that protected them failing. The energy they drew upon, the energy of the great temple, was beginning to wane. Fewer Sindara arose from the chambers. At first Cynthia had thought she found the answer, the great gateway, portal to a world called Earth. Cynthia used to increase their number; she found that the souls and minds of earth women could be cloned into bodies in her world. Some became powerful Sindara, others remained slaves. But still, the energy dwindled.

It was Kata that reminded her of the prophecy, about the one who would save them, the male that would save them, bringing energy and strength to their diminishing empire. Cynthia had dismissed it at first. She had built this empire, why should she put faith in some long forgotten prophecy? Yet she had no choice, if she didn't find an answer, the shield would fall. When that happened, the male barbarians of Thalassia would sweep in, killing, kidnapping, raping. Her empire would come to an end.

So she began her search for the savior the prophecies spoke of, she searched Thalassia and she searched Earth. She had fucked more men than she could recall, destroying most of them, driving a few insane. None she had tried to transport into the Sindaran Empire had survived the energy that provided for their defense. She had even tried using a female, which nearly resulted in the destruction of the empire from within. She would transport herself to earth, using Kata's guidance, and scout out those who seemed promising. When she was told of this earth man, young by his world's standards, she doubted it could be possible. Yet the mind fuck he had shared with her took her by surprise. Indeed he had some sort of power, perhaps Kata was right. 

Now he was here in Sindara, and she had to decide what to do with him.

"You keep him prisoner my empress," Kata broke Cynthia out of her reflection. The mystic stood behind the empress, and Cynthia could almost feel the deep penetrating gaze of the most senior mystic in the empire burrowing into her from behind. Sometimes Cynthia hated meeting that gaze, those deep blue penetrating eyes. It reminded her that despite the fact she was ruler, there were some things where she did not have ultimate power. "If he is the chosen one of our prophecy, then this is not the correct course of action. You cannot just use him and throw him aside, for if he is our only hope of salvation to destroy him would be insane."

"We do not know that he is the one," Cynthia turned around, annoyed at being told what to do by the witch. "He could die like the rest of them."

"He has survived more than a month under our defenses, and trust me my empress, he is not being destroyed by it. I have the power to sense such things. You admitted it yourself, he is more powerful than any of the others; he may be the one who can save us!" Her blue eyes flared as she continued, "you are right, he may not be the one, but if he is and we destroy him..."

"I have no intention of simply destroying him," Cynthia replied, "you convinced me to wait already, convinced me to educate him and give him time to be strong enough. If I wanted to destroy him, I'd have fucked him already and been done with it." She sighed, "I gave him that Vislani against my better judgment, on your recommendation!"

"She walked out of the temple, asking for the chosen one!" Kata exclaimed. The Haj Lisaree had been one of the most ancient of the unshaped ones. Now she was bonded to the captive. Kata felt this to be a sign. Cynthia wanted to deny her access, but the mystics were in such an uproar that she had no choice but to allow the Haj to attend to the captive.

"But yet he is a prisoner, when the prophecies say that..."

"I know damn well what the prophecies say witch!" Cynthia yelled, "I am not about to give my empire over to some earth male with a talent for fucking! I am not about to give away all I built to anyone do you hear me? I don't give a damn what the prophecies say, I am Empress of the Sindar, and I will not submit to anyone!"

"You are taking risks with all of our lives Empress," the mystic said calmly, "I cannot take responsibility for what happens if you fail to head my warnings. My knowledge is give to me through the D'ala-Ki, the energy force that gives power to the Sindar. I am but its messenger."

"Leave me Kata," Cynthia replied, turning her back once more, "leave me now." Kata bowed in respect and walked from the chamber, leaving Cynthia to ponder what her next move should be.

Part III: Raping Kari

I lay there alone in the chambers, still with my hands cuffed to the headboard. The smooth silk sheets surrounded me. My "room" was dark lit by many candles, outside it was dark and no moonlight came through the windows that night. The cool air blew off the balcony as I lay there, helpless. The double doors that entered the chambers lay exactly opposite the large canopy bed on which I was bound. The opened in a flourish and in a start I lifted my head from the bed, straining to see what came through the doors. The clicking of heels on the tiled floor was followed by the entrance of two women, one redhead and one blond. Both were tall, well built, and dressed in long skirts and armor. They each carried some sort of staff. As they took positions on either side of the doorway they confirmed my suspicion that they were some sort of guard. Neither said a word as they looked straight ahead, standing at attention. Behind them, more footsteps as for the first time in her native world, I witnessed the entrance of Empress Cynthia, of the Sindara.

She looked much the same as the earthly Cynthia, yet you could feel the difference. She seemed taller, more sure of herself, more ambitious. She radiated a tremendous power and energy, to the point of inspiring awe and respect, if not outright fear. Her eyes glowed with that same power. She was dressed in black, her tits accentuated by her black leotard-like top, cut low to show her cleavage. A long black skirt with gold trim wrapped around her waist and fell to the floor, while one could glimpse her legs, clad in black stockings and heels through a slit in the skirt. Her hair fell around her shoulders, and appeared a deep crimson to black in color. A black armband with gold trim adorned her right arm. The two guards bowed in deep respect as she passed, she stared at me from across the room. Her stare was cold, dark, controlling. I was overwhelmed with fear and anticipation. My heart began to race as my blood burned. I could sense her desire for me.

Yet I could also sense that her desire was not attraction, and certainly it wasn't love. It was hardly even passion. It was lust, not lust for the sex, but for the power it gave her. As my heart pounded in my chest, and my breathing deepened and quickened, she ordered the guards to go and wait outside the room. Bowing in respect they left, closing the two double doors behind them. When they had gone, Cynthia ran her hand over the door, whispering words softly. I heard a click, and with a nod of satisfaction she turned to face me once more.

"I am glad to see you survived the transit to our world," she said as she waved her hand around the room, "I trust the concubine I placed here has been keeping you informed." I nodded as she walked towards me, examining me as I lay there, looking down at me. "As I told you when I abducted you, you are my prisoner," she smiled, "yet you are an honored prisoner. It is my wish that you derive some pleasure from your imprisonment. Indeed, I believe that if you are able to survive what must be done, I think you might find you actually enjoy it a great deal." She sat down beside me on the bed, her energy strong now, intoxicating.

"If I survive," I replied sarcastically, "you expect me to enjoy something which threatens my life, where you intend to torture me and perhaps kill me? I am not sure what I'd enjoy..." I was cut short by a slap across the face. She looked at me with a hint of anger in her eye.

"Shut up boy!" she shouted. I could not help but comply as she continued, "I am more than your jailer, I am your ruler, your mistress. You do not speak to me in this way, or you WILL be tortured and killed, as you are of no use to me if you are stupid and insolent. There were others before you, as you undoubtedly know, and why I am impressed thus far, you can be replaced. You WILL address me properly, and speak to me respectfully. I have, other than that day I captured you, and this moment, spoken to you with respect and honor, and you will be respected and honored. You will address me as Empress or mistress." She grabbed my hair and forced my head backward, "do you understand?"

"Yes Empress," I told her quietly, meaning every word. Her power was so palpable, so real, it could be tasted, it was impossible not to respect her. I began to speak again but she interrupted me once more with a gesture of her hand.

"Do not speak my prince," she told me, "perhaps all was not made as clear as I had hoped by the concubine I assigned to you." With a gesture from her, the cuffs which held my wrists were released. I instinctively rubbed my wrists as I looked back at her; she stood up, taking a robe from the bedside and handing it to me. "Put this on and come to the window with me," she told me with a smile.

"Out there, somewhere is your earth," she gestured to the billions of stars that littered the night sky. The view was beautiful. Stars sparkled in the night, giving light to a small city which sprawled out from the palace window. Beyond the city rolling hills blended into a dense forest. Beyond the forest imposing mountains stood guard. A single tower could be seen rising above the forest; no light came from its windows. "That is the tower of the gateway, it is where you entered this world and where others have entered before, and may enter again at my command," she gestured out the window, "all of this is my empire, my kingdom. You are the first male to look upon its beauty in decades, for as far as the mountains in every direction, no men live, for it is an empire of women." She whispered into my ear, leaning close, her breath hot and her sex overwhelming, "Does that not excite you, my prince?"

"It is true there have been others before you," she dismissed with a gesture, "and it is true they were destroyed. Yet most were destroyed the second they came through the gate. A few survived only to slowly wither and die over their time in our land. You see something in the air, something mystical maintains our solitude from men, it protects from those who would try to conquer us."

"You however, are alive," she sat back in a chair near the window and poured herself a glass of wine, "You appear healthy. The only real question is can you survive what is to come next, I do not know the answer to that question because none have made it even this far. I can tell you it is an ordeal what no Vistiran male has survived."

"How many have you killed, my empress?" I asked.

"I do not know," she waved her hand; "I am not an evil woman. I am ambitious, and I am powerful and I do love my power, but I am not evil. I seek to protect that which I am caretaker of. I will not let barbarian males over run the Sindara. I will not watch my daughters be raped and murdered by Denothian thugs, or Carellian pirates. So I have tried to find that which was foretold, the Ziax as it is called in our language, the savior. The one whose energy will help replenish our depleted stores."

"When you first came, I cared little if you lived or died," she confessed, "my plan was to fuck you, drain you of all of your energy, and then discard you. That is how I have managed to keep us alive thus far, through sacrifice. Yet I've been watching you, and you are different, as I should have suspected when you mind fucked me that day."

"So what is this ordeal I must survive?" I asked her.

"Being fucked by me," she said with a slight laugh, "trust me, it is more dangerous than it sounds. I am the strongest of the Sindara, our sexual energy is unparalleled, I was born Vislani and rose through the ranks to be one of the rare members of that order who is promoted to the ruling class. My sex has meant death to many men, earthling and Thalassian, and those were all outside of this land, from which I draw my strength. When I do fuck you my prince, it will be on Sindaran soil, with many of our highest ranking looking on. Their energy will overwhelm you, my sex will overwhelm you, and it will be an experience far beyond anything you could imagine. Indeed it will be an experience that no one has ever been so honored to experience before. One of two things will happen that night, you will be our savior and survive, or you will die as our sacrifice."

"But if you survive," she continued, "you will be my slave and prince at the same time. An empire of women will owe you their life, and I will see to it my prince is repaid." She was quiet for a moment as she thought. I stood unable to speak, my heart racing. I should have been afraid, but I wasn't, granted there was some fear, but I was eager for what awaited me. "Who would you most like to fuck my prince?" 
