 Summer School sucks! It's only three weeks, and I'm nearly at the end of the first one, but it feels like I've been going forever! There's only twelve people in History and ten in Biology, and counting me, two humans in each class. History starts at eight, runs until ten, then we get a thirty-minute break and Biology goes until twelve-thirty. In case you're wondering, I'm not very popular with my classmates. Most of them know of someone my Dad ruined. Add in the supremacist stuff and...

Now, the teachers? They love me. I'm attentive, well behaved, complete assignments quickly, and they're screwing me after school every day. (Don't give me that look. You knew that's where this story was headed, otherwise why would I be telling it? And it's not like I want to do it, or enjoy being shared by two hot, strong, well endowed Beasts who leave me quivering, brain fried, cum covered and completely satisfied every single day. Except Thursday! I see my therapist on Thursdays.) I didn't even make it to the end of my first day before I found myself getting guilted into it!

Oh, and I found out something horrible about my name this week! Mr. Williams, a grey and brown Jackalope was taking roll in History Monday, and called me by my full name, Zophelia. Everybody cracked up, even him, while I sat there confused. I explained it was a combination of my grandmothers' names, Zoey and Ophelia. One of my classmates, a Ratgirl who's so pregnant she looks ready to explode, gleefully explained it's also a word for people who have sex with animals, and/or Zoes. Can you believe that?!? I turned about seven shades of red while everyone had fun at my expense. It was several minutes before Mr. Williams was able to get everyone calmed down enough to start class. (And it spread through school quicker than a cheetah on roller skates. I can't walk the halls without someone laughing, or making a rude comment, or offering to help me live up to my name!)

When the bell rings for our break, Mr. Williams asks me to stay behind for a couple of minutes. I take a seat in the front row while he sits on the edge of his desk. "Now," he smiles, "I know you're probably nervous about going to school here, and the other students laughing at you probably confirmed your worst fears." I blow off the suggestion. My worst fears about coming to school revolved around getting beat up, or screwed, by all my Beast classmates. (And the way my life is going at least one of those is going to happen.) He nods. "I get it. I just started teaching last year, moved here from Colorado, and starting over can be scary." He shifts his position, trying to get comfortable and I can't help but notice the bulge in his pants. "You're a very pretty girl, y'know?" I blush. What? He's very attractive! I mean for what he is he's probably good looking. I mean, some of the girls said they thought he was hot. I don't. I mean why would I? I'm not attracted to Beasts no matter what my name sounds like!

He coughs, snapping me back to attention. "So, I want you to know I don't hold anything your Dad did against you. Even though it cost me the down payment on this house I wanted." My stomach drops. Crap! "Now, I know you probably feel guilty about it, but don't worry. I'm young. I'll save up again, eventually." He takes a deep breath, the bulge in his pants growing noticeably. "But if you think there's anything you can do to make it better? Well..." He flashes a wicked smile.

I slump in defeat, reminding myself this is the path I've chosen for redemption. Leaning back in my desk I put on my best innocent look before cooing, "What could I do to make it better, Mr. Williams? Tell me and I'll do it." 

"How about you come back here after school and help me sort out my supplies." I give him a confused look, so he nods to a door in the back wall. "Can you do that?"

"Uhm, I don't drive," I shrug, embarrassed by the reveal. "My Mom is picking me up."

"Well, just message her and tell her someone else is giving you a ride after school," he grins, "And when I'm done doing that, I'll take you home." I nod then excuse myself to find my next class which turns out to be right next to Mr. Williams room. How convenient. I text before heading in and finding a seat. My Biology teacher, Mr. Caldwell, is old, like older than my Dad, with grey patches in his fur. He's a coonhound with a gravelly voice. I endure another humiliating attendance call then spend two hours trying to take notes while the Minotaur behind me makes comments about my body under his breath.

When the bell rings I walk back to Mr. Williams' class. I don't see him anywhere. I tentatively call his name. "Back here," he calls from the open door. I'm so nervous my hands are shaking. Are we really going to do this at school? What if someone catches us? I'm already getting picked on for my name, if people find out I'm living up to it...

I close the classroom door and lock it, before heading to the closet. Imagine my surprise when the supply closet turns out to be a little room connecting the classrooms. Mr. Williams sits in a rolling chair just inside the door. As soon as I'm inside he closes it and slides his hands under my shirt and bra. He teases my nipples with a single finger each, sending little waves of desire through me, dispelling my nervousness. I strip to the waist, granting him full access to my ample breasts. Fingers are replaced with lips and tongue drawing a submissive moan from my lips. I kick off my sandals, remove my shorts and panties, and stand fully exposed to him. 

One hand slides between my legs, teasing my clit and making me gasp. I hold his head to my chest while he sucks and nibbles on my bosom. I know what I'm doing, what I'm going to do is wrong, but it feels so good I don't want to stop. He suddenly pulls away, rolling to the other end of the small room. With a sly grin he crooks a finger, beckoning me to him. I take a step. He shakes his head. "Crawl," he whispers. I get down on all fours, ignoring the voice inside saying I shouldn't debase myself for a Demi-human. I take my time, letting him unzip his pants to release the biggest cock I've ever seen. Turns out Jackalopes have an even chance of getting either a Rabbit penis or an Antelope one. Mr. Williams got the bigger prize in that drawing. I'll never get all of it in my... anything! It's pink, with a pointed head and about halfway down is a ridge encircling the shaft and it's that size to the base. I can't stop staring at it. Part of me is excited, but most of me fears what it's going to do to me. I could barely walk after Dr Pounder was done with me. Mr. Beasley left me completely exhausted and sore. Mr. Williams is bigger than either of them. "Well?" He nods at it.

I wrap my hand around the shaft, slowly stroking him. He moans, leaning back in the chair. A glistening drop of precum appears on the tip. I lick it off before taking him into my mouth. I'm able to take him to the ridge, his head pressing against my throat before sliding back to the tip. I stroke the lower half with one hand while fondling his balls with the other. I tease him with my tongue, edging his dick until he whimpers before taking it between my lips and sucking my cheeks hollow on it. He moans my name in-between curse words, and groans. I feel his fingers grip my hair, holding my head while he thrusts into my throat. Something brushes against my exposed sex but I'm so focused on what I'm doing I ignore it. Mr. Williams' balls start to tighten up and I know he won't last much longer. I'm close to orgasm myself from whatever he's using on my pussy. We reach orgasm almost simultaneously, me moaning around his rod while it fills my mouth with jizz.

"Damn, She put out pretty easy, didn't she?"

With a yelp I pull away from Mr. Williams, taking the last few shots on my face. I roll over to see Mr. Caldwell standing there completely naked. His cock is shorter than Mr. Williams' but thicker, with what looks like an extra set of testicles at the base. I stare, confused long enough for him to grab my hair and force his prick into my mouth. He gets a few thrusts in before I manage to get free. I'm on my feet in an instant, anger replacing the lustful bliss I had been feeling. "No," I snap. "I didn't sign up for this... for a three way with... him!" I point a finger at Mr. Caldwell, "You don't get to come in here and just join in the action! It doesn't work like that!"

"Oh," he snorts, "It works like that." He grabs me, roughly setting me on the countertop. I squeal in protest. "I would be retiring after this year if it hadn't been for your fucking Daddy!" His angry eyes bore into me, "Instead I'll be teaching you little shits until I keel over dead in that fucking room! So, if he gets to fuck you for the money he's lost, so do I! And I lost a lot more than he did, Sweetheart." There's no way to get out of it now, I have to submit to him. I sigh in resignation, and nod.

"Okay," I whisper. "But what is wrong with your..." I nod towards his crotch. "Why does it look like that?"

"That's a knot," he laughs. "You mean with four male canids in the house, you've never been knotted?" I shake my head, making him cackle. "I guess you aren't as easy as I thought. Or maybe step-daddy isn't big enough for you?" I make a disgusted face, which makes them both laugh. "Don't worry," Mr. Caldwell snarls, "I'll show you what you've been missing." He hooks his elbows under my knees, spreading me wide before pinning my hands to the counter. I moan deeply while he penetrates my moist folds stopping only when his knot rests against me. "This is going to be fun," he snickers.

He takes me on the counter, thrusting hard and deep making me groan, and squeal, with every movement. Mr. Williams watches with a smile, stripping his clothes off and stroking his hardening cock while waiting for his turn. Despite my objections, and my moral stance against sex with Zoes, my traitorous body is responding to Mr. Caldwell's cock. To my surprise I start urging him on, begging for more, promising him complete obedience. (In reality I'm just doing this so he'll finish quicker, and this will be over. It is not... NOT due to any enjoyment or actual pleasure. I'm only doing this out of moral obligation.) He responds nicely, going harder, and deeper than before. I curse through clenched teeth while other orgasms rips through my body. Mr. Caldwell grins, "Yeah, you love the Beast dick, don't you?" I can only moan, my mind filled with carnal bliss. "Say it," he commands. I shake my head. "Say It!"

"I love the Beast cock," I whisper.

"Goddamn right you do," he sneers. "I'm going to breed your ass. Make you carry my pups, you little human centrist whore."

"Whoa," Mr. Williams calls out. "No! I'm not doing sloppy seconds! We agreed to pull out..."

"Fuck you," Caldwell barks. He slams his prick home into my pussy, forcing his knot between my slick lips. I cry out. The pain is intense at first, then settles into a fullness I've never felt before. Mr. Caldwell groans while his balls drain into my sweat covered body. I feel its warmth spreading inside me, filling me completely while his knot prevents even a drop from spilling out. Goddess help me but it feels so good even though I know it's wrong. Mr. Williams is cussing up a storm. Mr. Caldwell leans in to whisper, "You just got knotted little girl. We're stuck together until I lose this erection. Hope you don't mind." I shake my head. He chuckles. "Good. Nice to know you're already learning your place in our arrangement."

It's about five minutes before I can uncouple from Mr. Caldwell. I don't get a break though as Mr. Williams makes me kneel in the chair so he can take me from behind. He takes it slow, letting me get used to his size before he pounds my slit. He sucks on a finger before jamming it into my ass. I squeal, then order him to remove it. "I don't do that! I'm never doing that!" He exchanges a look with Mr. Caldwell but removes his finger. He seems to be having trouble getting started.

"Fuck!" He stops again. "Why did you cum in her? This is just ruining the mood for me."

Mr. Caldwell steps in front of me, dick already hard again. He jams it between my lips, slamming it against the back of my throat. I take it like I was born to it... I mean, because I have to. "Shut up," he growls. "Back when I was your age we would pick a girl on the first day of school and every guy on staff from the Principal to the damn Janitor would rail her until our balls ran dry." (What?!? I can't imagine, well, I can and hate how much the thought turns me on!) "If you were one of the first ten guys in line you considered yourself lucky." He grabs two handfuls of hair and starts pounding my throat as hard as he did my pussy. "But if you're going to whine about it, tomorrow you can fuck her first."

(Tomorrow?)

Mr. Williams is still complaining. I manage to pull myself off Mr. Caldwell's cock long enough to snap, "I thought your kind knew how to fuck! Now get to it, or leave, Bitch!" That does it. He runs it deep into me, to the balls! I scream, or try to, since he knocks the breath out of me as well. (I only did it so he would quit whining and finish fucking me. I want this to be over...at some point.) Mr. Caldwell laughs while smacking my face with his cock. Then he plunges it back into my mouth to continue face fucking me. I squeal when Mr. Williams smacks my ass. They spit roast me in that tiny room, the only sounds our grunts and moans and the wet slap of flesh on flesh. Mr. Williams grips my waist while furiously driving his long cock into me.

"Is this what you want," he barks. He spanks me again. "Yeah? Cause I was willing to go easy on you, but that ain't happening now!" He slaps my cheeks until they glow red. I let out a yelp with each blow, unable to answer with Mr. Caldwell balls deep in my throat. Mr. Williams goes faster, then drives it in to the balls. I feel him swell, adding his spunk to the mess running down my thighs. He pulls back, thrusting into me three more times before leaving it buried inside my velvet sheath.

"Now you're a man, Boy," Mr. Caldwell cackles. He doesn't last much longer, sending a torrent of hot jizz down my throat while howling up a storm. "Swallow every drop now," he hisses. "Earn that A." They pull out and I flop into the chair. I push back sweat slick hair and try to catch my breath. I don't get to though cause Mr. Caldwell pulls me to my feet and takes the chair for himself. He holds my hips to guide me down onto his cock. I ease him into me, wincing a little at his penetration. Once settled I put my feet on his thighs and start riding his pole.

"Nice," Mr. Williams leers. He steps up, running his hands across my breasts, pinching and licking my nipples. "I got an idea." He puts his prick between my tits, holding them together while I bounce on Mr. Caldwell's lap. The head of his dick comes up to my mouth, so I start sucking him off too. He smiles, "I love a girl who can multi-task. You're going to be my favorite student this year." I groan. I get filled with cum once more after getting off myself twice. Mr. Williams then pins me to the wall and ravages my tender pussy one more time. Once he's done I slide to the floor, too tired to stand.

They clean up while I get my strength back. Once I'm able to move I clean myself up in the sink, fixing my hair and makeup as best as I can. When I'm done I give them both an annoyed look, "Let me guess, this is going to be a required part of your classwork if I want to pass?" They both nod, not bothering to hide their leering grins. I make a disgusted grunting sound, "Fine, I'll make arrangements with my Mom, but one of you has to take me home every day!" They agree. I walk out of the class, only a little wobbly from getting fucked by them both and head out the doors. Mr. Williams follows, even opening the car door for me like a gentleman. Other than directions to Mom's place we don't talk. He's too caught up in what he's doing to me tomorrow, and I'm too focused on what it'll be like when I go to school this fall.

Summer's barely started, how much more am I going to go through?