 I walk into the therapist's office with Mom and find no one there. No receptionist. No other patients. No one. The door leading to his session room is open, so I walk over and knock on the frame. "Hello? Doctor Holman?" I see a massive silverback Gorillaman sitting behind a desk typing away on a laptop. He looks up, flashes a friendly smile, and motions me in. Mom takes a seat in the waiting room. I pull the door shut behind me. "Uhm, where should I sit? I'm not sure how... I've never done this kind of thing before."

"Sit wherever you want," he says with a deep, warm tone. "I have chairs in front of the desk if you want to do it over here." He nods towards the back of the room where I see a leather couch, easy chair, and end table next to a window overlooking the city. "Or over there if you would care for a more informal tone to our sessions. Whichever you prefer Ms. Cummings, as long as it makes you feel comfortable and safe to open up to me." I walk to the back of the room and sit on the couch. He eases into the large chair nearby. "Now I practice Experiential therapy with an insight-oriented, cognitive-behavioral basis. I also do hypnotherapy for those clients who feel they need it." I just give him a blank stare for several seconds. 

He coughs, then continues. "Basically, you've experienced a huge change in your life recently, correct?" I nod. "Okay, you are probably feeling a little lost, unsure of yourself and your place in this new setting." I keep nodding. "You have probably been forced to confront some things you considered normal and discovered they are not normal at all. Some habits, or ways of thinking that don't appear to be as common as you were led to believe." It's like he's reading my mind! "Well, my methods are, hopefully, going to help you identify these behaviors, and beliefs, and change the ones you don't feel are right for you anymore. I'm not here to tell you what is wrong with you. I'm here to listen to what you think needs to be changed about yourself and help you become the best version of you that you can possibly be. That's all. So, where do you want to start?"

I start at the arrest and go through everything up to this point. Well, almost everything. I leave out the woman in my dreams because it's just too weird. It takes me about twenty minutes to fully unload it all. When I'm done I feel about fifty pounds lighter. I take a deep breath, "So, basically I want to get rid of my prejudice against Beasts... Zoes, and somehow work through my guilt about my part in Dad's schemes." I shrug. "Can you help me do that?"

"I can try, Ms. Cummings," he says after several seconds. "The thing you need to understand is these feelings were implanted at a very young age. I can't rid you of them." He shrugs, "You will more than likely have these biases and behaviors pop up sporadically for the rest of your life. What I can do is help you deal with them. Help you learn to ignore them and develop new behaviors, and biases. Understand?" I nod. "He clears his throat, "May I offer some observations based on what you have told me so far?"

"Please do," I say, leaning forward so I don't miss anything. "I think I need someone who's 'outside the storm' to help me see a way out."

"Thank you." He takes a deep breath, "First of all your rejection of your parents' beliefs... is completely normal. Everyone goes through this as they grow up. Your case is admittedly unusual in its triggering, but your going through a typical teenage rite of passage. Your sexual awakening, and explorations are atypical, but again everyone tries different things at your age." He shrugs, "As long as you give consent, and enjoy yourself without self harm, I won't stop you, or try to shame you. I will try to disassociate the act from punishment for you. You should do it because you enjoy it... out of love, or lust, not guilt." A cold chill goes through me. He's parroted the woman from my dreams exactly. He chuckles, "Even if you have sex every day with someone different and deduct it based on this list it would take you thousands of years to work it off. Relax, and enjoy the sex."

"What about my parents?"

"You're having sex with Zoes is a way to hurt your Dad for destroying the life you had. You feel guilty because you still love him." He takes a sip of water. "You also feel bad because your Mother destroyed her marriage performing similar acts. But now you see her in a stable marriage, and happy so it confuses you. It causes you to question the things your Dad said about her... about the acts she performed. You don't want to be like her, even though you are seeing some validation in her choices." I nod. He continues, "You are submissive in sexual situations because it allows you to put up a barrier between who you are, and who you want to be. You can fuck whoever you want and wipe away the guilt by saying 'They talked me into it.' Again, nothing wrong with being a sub, just as long as you understand the reason you are that way."

"And the fact nearly all of them have been my Dad's age or older?"

"Daddy issues." He smiles. "So how often have you fucked your teachers this week?"

My eyes go wide! How?!? "Uh, every day this week." He nods. "Well," I laugh, "Except today." I swallow nervously, "Today, I just blew them both..." I stare out the window, cheeks burning. "and promised to stay twice as long tomorrow," I mumble.

"You happy with that?"

"I... I like it. I mean I'm enjoying what we're doing." I exhale in frustration, "I just have a part of me that wishes I could just be in the moment more, you know? Really give myself to them like I do with Wayne, but another part keeps telling me it's wrong."

"But that makes it even hotter?" He asks. I nod. "I could try to help with some hypnosis..."

"Uh, NO," I snap. "I'll pass on the mind control."

"This isn't a bad movie, Ms. Cummings," he says in a tone that leaves no room for arguing. "Hypnosis cannot force you to do anything against your nature. I would put you in an altered state of consciousness and implant a suggestion to help you enjoy these trysts more. If that's what you truly want."

"How?"

"Intense orgasm is the method I prefer," he smiles devilishly. "And before you protest, don't think I haven't noticed you checking me out. Sizing me up and wondering what it would be like for me to fuck you." (I HAVE NOT... been that obvious about it, have I?) I glance at the door. He winks, "Doesn't the fact she could possibly hear us turn you on?" I don't respond. He takes another drink, "I won't force it. You can get up and leave and I'll never suggest it again, if that's what you want."

I take a deep breath, weigh my options, then stand and strip off my shoes, shorts and panties. "I'll give it a try." He sits on the couch beside me, sliding thick fingers up my thighs to tease my clit. I sit back down, legs spread to grant him easier access. He hands me a pillow to yell into if I need it. I clutch it to my chest, nervous sweat already running down my face. His fingers expertly rub my button, making me moan and shift to give him more room to work with. He forces a groan from me by slipping two fingers into my wet snatch. He works quickly, but carefully, winding me tighter with each touch until I feel like I'm going to burst. He leans in close, fingers driving me to the brink until he makes me come. I bite my lip against the maelstrom raging through me, unable to focus on the words being whispered into my ear. He makes me squirt, bucking against his hand until I am finally able to pull it away.

I lay there trying to catch my breath. My eyes fall on the massive bulge tenting the front of his pants. I stand on wobbly legs, bend over to grip the back of the couch, and nod at his crotch. "Would it hurt to have more than one hypnotherapy session?"

"It'll have to be quick," he smiles. I stare at the wall, hearing his pants hit the floor. Holy-! He's big! He also doesn't waste time, fucking me as soon as he slides it in. Unlike anyone else I've been with Dr. Holman is focused, and skilled. He's barely gotten into a good rhythm before my pussy is squirting around his cock. He places a large hand over my mouth to muffle my squeals, whispering the whole time. I want more, thrusting against him with abandon. He grabs my hips, holding me still with inhumanly strong arms. "Once more then," he chuckles. It's even more intense the second time, reducing me to sputtering whimpers barely able to support myself with my arms. "A third time, just to be sure?" I can't respond verbally. My brain is still overloaded with sensations, so I nod enthusiastically. "Well, we should have time."

He slides his arms between my legs, lifting me into the air and easily holding me there. With a massive hand under each knee he lowers me onto his steely cock. I bark out several profanities while biting my hand to stifle the noise. He thrusts up into my stretched pussy, slamming hard into my back wall. I cover my mouth with both hands, praying my Mom doesn't hear him violating me like this. I bounce like a rag doll in his grip, my body shaking under his vulgar ministrations. He controls me completely, using his animal-like strength to insure I please him. I clench my jaw, keeping both hands over my mouth to try and contain the star exploding inside me. My vision swims, spiraling down to a pinpoint while he continues to fuck me and plant suggestions in my brain. His cock pops free and my pussy sprays my juices onto the floor. He lays my semi-conscious form onto the couch, and holds my hand until I'm lucid again.

I drain half a bottle of water when he hands it to me. I look at the clock on the wall, still five minutes to go and he's still hard. I kneel in front of him, worshipping his dick with mouth, tongue and hands until he fills my stomach with hot sperm. I finish the water, quickly dress, and use the enchanted compact Mom gave me to freshen up. Other than a little wobble to my walk, I look the same as when I entered his office. Dr. Holman clears his throat. "I'm afraid that's all the time we have for this week, Ms. Cummings, but, if you like I'm would be glad to continue our sessions next week at the same time."

"Yeah," I nod. "I feel like this will do me a world of good." I feel my cheeks go red, "Talking to you, and the hypnotherapy I mean." We walk to the door. I look up at him, "Uhm... Are there any exercises or stuff that I could do at home between sessions?"

"Keep a journal," he suggests. "It'll help you see your progress, and help you remember stuff to talk about with me. Uh, find somewhere quiet to meditate, or just be alone with your thoughts for fifteen minutes a day." He smiles, "Wear a skirt to any sessions where you want me to administer more hypnotherapy to make things quicker and easier for us both." I giggle. Seriously, what is wrong with me?

Mom looks up from her phone when the door opens. "How did it go?"

"I'm coming back next week," I reply. "I really think I need this. He's done me a lot of good in just one session."

Dr. Holman waves off the compliment. "I'm just a facilitator. Your daughter is the one doing the work." He snaps his fingers, "One last thing, Ms. Cummings. A little assignment for you to complete before our next session." I don't know what to expect, and don't hide my fear. He smiles, "Nothing too difficult, just get out and socialize a little more. Try to make a new friend, preferably a non-human one, before our next session, okay?" I nod, relieved. He waves off payment, saying the first session is an evaluation so he never charges for it. As we get ready to leave I notice a painting on his wall of a nude woman with a snake draped over her. My stomach drops, it's the woman from my dreams. I ask what the painting is called. He grins devilishly, "Lilith, Queen of the Night. Goddess of love and consensual desire. Why?"

"Just looks familiar," I shrug. "Must have seen it somewhere before." I need to figure out what's going on. Find out more about this Lilith. "I'll see you next week, Dr. Holman."

"Looking forward to it, Ms. Cummings."