 On a quiet and salty hot night in New Orleans, a weary party goer might get lucky enough to find Zoya's Massage Parlor. It's deep in downtown, but no one can say exactly where. Only those who really need Zoya can find Zoya. It's best to look where the cobblestone streets are the oldest, and narrowest. Look around beyond the popular crowds and well-known streets. Seek her in the back alleys on the fringes of the party district. Seek her, but know that Zoya herself is half-demon, half-human, and all mystery, smoke, and mirrors. 

Nick carried on his search after all of his friends had decided it was useless. Only he persisted. Maybe that's why he found Zoya's place. By showing enough desperation, he proved that he really needed and deserved to find the urban legend. Nick spread his fingers across his iPad screen to zoom out the map of downtown New Orleans and got back in his car. Three more areas left to check.

It was Spring Break time at his college, and he'd convinced his small group of intrepid urban legend hunters to make New Orleans their destination instead of a sunny beach down in Mexico. Nick insisted that Zoya Dazzle existed, she was real, and she could be found. So for four nights (his theory was that her place only appeared at night), he and his friends had been going from block to block, parking the car, and fanning out to check the many closed or empty stores for signs of the succubus. That was also Nick's theory, that she was a succubus who drained energy from sexual partners and used the massage parlor business as a cover. His friends finally decided Nick was nuts, and had turned their attention to the New Orleans bar scene. 

"If you wanna get your dick sucked," one had said to him last night, "all you have to do is drop a twenty on a hooker in the red light district. At least she won't eat your soul, Nick."

Nick laughed at that memory. His friends had been so into this from the start. They had formed a daring and intrepid pack of zealous demon-hunters. True, a blowjob from a succubus would be interesting. There was no evidence in any of the legends about Zoya Dazzle that indicated she was a killer, or even dangerous. She was elusive and devious, true, but apparently harmless. But one by one, his friends began to seek cheaper and less mysterious hedonistic thrills that were so bountiful in The Big Easy. Drinking, smoking pot, gambling, and, of course, women with low standards and high libidos eroded at their gang until he was the only one left.

Nick's tastes in sex were a little harder to find. He'd come down here on a mission. He'd either find Zoya Dazzle and fulfill his most deviant desires with her, or he'd satisfy himself that she doesn't exist once and for all by searching every street and dead-end alley in New Orleans. Dangerous, tiring, dirty, difficult, and time-consuming work it was. He parked, paid the meter, and started searching another side street he'd marked on his GPS.

The beam of Nick's LED flashlight was powerful. It cut deep into the shadows left by the pathetic, aging yellow streetlights that added the acidic color of urine to the stench in the cobblestone streets. Cobblestones... most of the stories over the last century mentioned cobblestones and gas lamps. But it could be just embellishment because those ancient paving stones were part of New Orleans history and flavor. So he checked all streets, cobblestone or not. 

First, the streetlights dimmed and buzzed, providing about half the light as before. Nick's skin drew tightly across his thin, short frame. He froze in place, wondering if it were just a power surge or... was he getting close? He panned the beam of his flashlight around and checked his iPad. 

"Funny... the battery wasn't almost dead before," he muttered, noticing that there was only one percent charge remaining. He hurried to look at street signs and check the GPS to verify his location just as his screen went black. In it, he saw a face. It was the reflection of a face behind him, looking over his shoulder.

Nick hollered and spun around to see a tall woman standing close. She was about six inches taller than his five-four stature, and had a slender, attractive face wreathed in dark auburn hair. A ratty, faded tank-top draped the cracked letters spelling "WHO DAT?" across her huge breasts. Her hips and legs were wrapped in torn denim that trailed pink ragged strings from the frayed edges. 

"Oh hey!" Nick said. "Sorry, didn't uh... see you standing there. You um... ummm..." he stared at those breasts. The fabric of her tiny, stretched tank-top was so threadbare he could see the dark color of her wide nipples.

"Well, I saw you standing there, hon," she said, drawling her words with a natural-sounding deep South accent. "That's why I got so close. I was about to pick your pocket."

"Uh... huh? What did you s- say?" Nick's eyes returned to her face.

"Jus' kiddin', sugah! Come on, walk me home."

"Uh, okay! Wait... are you a um..."

"A hooker?" she finished his question as she slipped her arm into his and started walking. Nick walked automatically, never having much experience with a woman so forward as this unless she was a prostitute. "Naw, I'm Zoya, Zoya Dazzle."

Nick's heart squeezed a heavy pump of blood so hard through his body that he felt it in every extremity, including his hardening dick and his balls. He couldn't speak to reply as he broke into a hot sweat and his scalp tried to run for cover down his neck.

"You been lookin' for me, ain'tcha, honey?"

Nick nodded as they arrived at a small set of dirty wooden steps that led into a tiny shack. The building was squeezed between two other structures, both of which looked old, yet newer than this one. A sign hanging overhead read, "Zoya's Massage Parlor."

They'd made a number of turns, a number of steps, covered about a block, but Nick's perception of time was screwed up. He'd been distracted by the sensation of her left tit which kept brushing against his right shoulder. She walked so close he could smell her scent like incense and spice.

"You're- you're her? You're really Z- Zoya? Zoya Dazzle?" he asked as they walked into a candlelit room with tapestries and thick curtains on the walls. Her shoes, low black heels, clomped on the hollow wooden floor until she stepped upon a thick, ancient rug. Two short wooden stools-- the kind dairy farmers used to use when milking cows-- sat there waiting for someone's butt to support. Zoya casually lit a cigarette from a candle and waved for him to sit.

"Yep. That's me, hon. Let's talk a bit."

"Um... yeah- yeah I uh... I had some things to ask." Nick sat and started to flip through his screens to find his questions, but his iPad was now totally deceased, devoid of power and life. "Oh um, that's weird, can I get somewhere to- to plug this in?"

"Fuck that sugah," Zoya said. "You have a hard cock in those jeans. We need to do something about that."

He smiled and shook all over, and it took him a while before he could draw another breath. Zoya blew smoke, carelessly dropped cigarette ashes onto the floor, and sat on the stool across from him. Her knees rose high until she relaxed and crossed her bare ankles and slipped off her shoes.

"Are-- are you a succubus?" Nick asked, gaining some courage even as his eyes followed her legs to her crotch.

Zoya laughed and began tying her hair back into pony tails, each one thick and strong and long as her waist. Somehow, her hair didn't seem that long before.

"I ain't no succubus, but I knew one once. She was a real fuckload of fun! Had horns, wings, a tail, the whole bit. She had a tongue so long she could lick my nipples while staring me in the face."

"So- so succubi are real?" Nick swallowed, wondering if he could trust her. 

"Sure are!" Zoya continued tying her hair into ponytails. She had five so far, and was still working. Her locks seemed to multiply, some even lengthened. "They suck your life force right out of your dick, your mouth, your ass, pussy, whatever they can get into. You gotta be careful, sugah. I'm glad I found you first. You're lucky, you know?"

"I am?" Nick said, swallowing hard.

"Yeah, 'cause I don't want anything but to get you off the way you want it."

"Oh, so... it's like magic? Like in all the stories? I can have-- can have-- um, anything I want?"

"More like, you get what you want, even if you don't know what that is, honey. What's your name?"

"Nick Harris. Nicholas but everyone calls me Nick."

"Of course Nick, some people are surprised by what they want."

He laughed nervously. "So if I want to rape you, I'd get what I want?"

"Yep," she answered, not even looking at him. She was working on more ponytails than Nick had ever seen on a woman. More hair for ponytails seemed to just appear from behind her head, out of sight. In the dim candlelight, it was hard to tell for sure. "But that's not what you want."

"Uh-huh... yeah, I really want..." he swallowed hard, blushed, embarrassed by his lewd thoughts.

"Go ahead and spit it out," she said. "I'm eager to get started."

Nick took a deep breath, knowing he was about to look and sound like a typical anime-watching nerd when he spoke. But, he thought to himself, it's now or never.

"I want to be a tentacle monster! I want to rape you with all of my tentacles, like penises, all at once, in every hole! Even... even in your nipples like they had holes."

Zoya laughed loud and hard, her mouth wide open and her head thrown back. She shook with her guffawing at him, her tits bouncing lewdly. Then she stopped, frizzed her head and shook out her pony tails which seemed to move on their own.

"That ain't what you want. Oh holy shit this is gonna be fun! I love it when boys like you come in here, twenty or twenty-one years old, got some perverted ideas in your head that you might find a girl that loves what you love, that is as dirty-minded as you. Well, I know what you want, and I'm gonna thoroughly enjoy showing you how much fun it can be."

With that, Zoya pulled her tank-top down and to the sides, making the seams stretch and pop, and her two honeydew-sized tits flowed out and wiggled as she shook her shoulders back and forth.

"Now that feels good, to get the girls out. Come on, suck on my nipples. Close your eyes and suck. You'll get the fuck of a lifetime sugah."

Nick obeyed without thinking. He crawled to sit on the floor before Zoya, and she cradled his head in her arms as he took a thick nipple into his mouth and sucked.

"Suck harder, that feels so good baby. Come on, Nick, teeth... bite a little! I love it!" 

She drew in breath, swelling her chest and pressing his face deep into her soft, fleshy cleavage. Nick closed his eyes as he felt her fingers running through his hair. She squeezed him tightly, and his face was lost in her bosom. He used his tongue to rub on her nipple as he sucked, and he daringly bit down and felt her flinch with pleasure.

"That's it! Ahhh.... now we can make some magic. Told you we'd have to do something with that hard cock of yours, didn't I?"

For several moments, he faded from consciousness, and was unable to feel anything but her tits on his face. His whole body seemed numb, warm, and comfortable. Still he sucked on that nipple with force. It grew, thicker and longer, in his mouth. Soon, it became a little uncomfortable for his jaw, and he pulled back and opened his eyes as the wet, teased nipple popped out of his mouth.

The room had changed! It was now a dark, warm cave lit by a flow of lava from the ceiling! Zoya's clothes were gone, and she stood up, revealing some frightening changes. Her nipples were now long tentacles, a couple of inches thick and long as her arms, colored deep red like her areolae. Only slightly less disturbing were the other numerous tentacles that sprouted from her head. Also deep red colored, they moved with slithery sophistication around her waist, hips, and arms like calm, lazy snakes. Zoya's eyes had become solid dark red as well, and her skin smooth, pale, and shiny wet. Her hips were wide, and she had a narrow waist and flat tummy. Zoya's lips broadened in a wide smile as she saw Nick's look of panic.

"How do you like me now?" she asked. Nick scrambled backward on the rocky cave floor, only to get his ankle snared by one of Zoya's tentacles. It sprang out like a viper and lifted him toward Zoya with ease upside-down until he faced her. "Oh trust me, this is more what you want. But we're not there yet... you don't want to just be a victim of a tentacle rape, you want to be a... special kind of tentacle rape victim."

"No! This isn't what I want!" Nick said as more tentacles flowed toward him. She up-righted him as her slithery appendages began to disrobe him. His shirt was neatly unbuttoned, folded, and discarded along with his pants, his underwear, shoes, backpack, all. His rock-hard six-inches of manhood bobbed in front of Zoya's tits as she held him aloft, inspecting his skinny frame.

"Hmm... you're not bad looking. That cock looks bigger on you because you're a little on the thin side. But tonight... tonight... honey... honey... you get to be the girl. You get to be the little ol' anime princess that is fully enjoyed by me, the tentacle monster. Isn't that right? Isn't that what you've always wanted? You always wanted to know how that little teenage princess could handle all that pleasure. Tentacles sucking on her clit, fucking her ass, mouth, pussy all at once." 

Tentacles wrapped around Nick's body like mummy rags. He felt them under the soles of his feet, between his legs, under his balls and in his butt cleft. Waist, chest, arms, hands, neck... until his vision was closed off and he couldn't breathe. He changed. His crotch tingled with fire as his manly parts disappeared and were replaced by dainty, feminine lips and a tight pussy. Nick's waist narrowed; he felt the pressure in his guts as he developed wider hips and his waist drew in. The extra mass moved to his chest, where he grew small breasts under his little nipples. Then, all at once, the tentacles dropped a new being-- a coughing, gasping new being-- onto the cave floor.

"Nicky! Oh wow, I do good work don't I?" Zoya called as she produced a large mirror and held it before the girl on the floor that had once been a young man.

He-- rather, she-- saw her new form. It was blonde, with straight locks at her shoulders. Her skin was clean and moist, shiny, and her eyes large and blue. She stood, as gracefully as possible, before the mirror and smiled at her nakedness. It was a perfect anime teen body with a small patch of golden blonde hair above her neatly-hidden pussy, b-cup breasts with perky pink nipples upturned and proud. 

"I--" she said, amazed at the smooth sound of her very feminine voice. "I-- I love it! But- but raping me? You're going to hurt me!"

"You're going to love it, Nicky," Zoya said, and lashed out with a whiplike appendage that snagged the anime princess's wrist. 

The impact stung, and Nicky pulled back with a fierce temper in her eyes. "I'll not be taken so easily, Demon Zoya!" she cried, adopting a fighting stance. "I can defeat you! No one can rape Princess Nicky Harris and get away with it!" With her free hand, she snatched the tentacle from her wrist, tearing it loose and flinging it away with the confidence of an Amazonian Warrior.

Zoya laughed the same arrogant bellow as before, making her heavy tits bounce. All of her tentacles flew into the air. There were so many! They had multiplied. Some were thick and heavy, some thin like noodles, all were various shades of a passionate red color and glistened with a sexy, clean shine of moisture.

"Don't get cocky, little princess. I've raped many before you, including your sisters, your mother, and your grandmother! They all thought they could beat me, but I beat them! They were stronger than you. But I think they were not as much fun to rape as you! HA!"

Nine tentacles went for the princess at one surge. Nicky leaped into the air, soaring high with her legs tightly sealed together, and avoided all of them. She flipped a perfect somersault and landed in a crouch, wishing that she had a sword, a dagger, any weapon to slash those evil wiggling appendages from the demon's body.

"I will avenge my family!" she cried, and lost her temper. Nicky ran straight at Demon Zoya and batted and blocked several tentacles away with her Naganaia-Kung-Fu training. The same as she battled a room full of deadly cobras, she struck each tentacle in such a way as to disrupt and deflect their attacks. At the center lay her target, and if she had to rip Demon Zoya's heart from between her huge breasts with her bare hands, she would do it.

Almost there, Nicky could see her target. But suddenly she was lifted from the floor! Two tentacles from Zoya's nipples had encircled her narrow waist and now had her trapped. She swung and kicked at Demon Zoya's face, but could not reach her. Each arm and leg was then trapped and pulled each in a direction, exposing her small, open pussy to her enemy.

"You know, Princess," Demon Zoya said slowly through the most evil smile in the universe. "I've always thought Princess Nicky Harris was too common a name for someone as beautiful and delicious as you. Your Royal Highness, I will now call you Princess Nishka-Rhys. In my language, it means, 'Pet Fucktoy'. And it suits you," Zoya said as she drew her victim, formerly a college boy turned into an ultra-feminine anime princess. "For that is now what you are."

Zoya's laughter rebounded off the cave walls as a large tentacle tipped with a flared mushroom-like head rose up toward the Princess's never-used pussy. A smaller appendage snared Nicky's small neck and yanked her toward Zoya's face, where the demoness pressed a full-on aggressive sloppy kiss. Her tongue forced its way past her lips and teeth, and Nicky was too stunned to fight back by biting. Meanwhile, the cock-tentacle beneath her drove up like a shot into her pussy in one sudden move. It deflowered her with a painful stretching and tearing of her hymen, and every muscle in Nicky's well-trained body responded by tensing up. She screamed into the Demon Zoya's mouth, who relished the debauchery of such a royal poptart like this teen princess.

"Ahhh... lovely pussy you have," said Zoya as she withdrew her obscenely long tongue from the shocked mouth of the princess. "So tight! So warm and wet! I can feel it quivering around my cock." Zoya relaxed her cock-tentacle so her victim-lover could actually feel some sensation other than the painful stretching.

"No! Don't! I was saving myself for..." cried Princess Nicky, bawling now at her shame because she couldn't help but feel the pleasure once the pain was gone.

"...for me! I'm the one you want!" Zoya interrupted. "No one else but Demon Zoya deserves a luscious Princess Nishka-Rhys like you. Now, you'll be driven insane with pleasure as I use your body and enjoy every hole you have available!"

"AHHH!!" cried out Princess Nicky as the cock-tentacle started fucking smoothly and softly. It twisted, poked in a few inches, then withdrew, repeating the same motion again and again. She panted, grunted, and couldn't help but bite her lip and moan loudly, already heading for orgasm. "You can't do this! My mother! Sisters! Grandmother! I must avenge... unnhhh! Fuck!"

"Oh what a filthy mouth for a princess!" gasped Zoya. Then, she jabbed the raping appendage in deep enough to make her beautiful, large eyes and her mouth pop wide open. In that second, another tentacle slid into her mouth, and Princess Nicky was too overwhelmed to spit it out. It lodged there, wiggling and pulsing, wanting to be sucked. "You talk too much anyway for a Princess Nishka-Rhys. Suck on this. Once I cum, I'll let you go. I'll have no more use for you then."

Nicky could hear this throbbing pulse in her head like a grotesque alien squishy heartbeat. The tentacle in her mouth pulsed so hard it stretched her jaw with each throb. It pushed in deeper, cutting off her air supply and pressing down her gullet, seeking a deepthroat blowjob.
