 So, if you're reading this you're probably wondering why I look so familiar, or where it is you know me from. Here's a hint: "My Daddy works for your money." Yeah, I'm the girl from the Digital Aeon Investments commercials, Zophie Cummings. Once one of the largest money management groups and investment firms in America, now revealed as the third largest Ponzi scheme in history. My Dad scammed 4.2 billion (BILLION! With a B!) dollars from thousands of Demi-humans...uh, Beast... Zoanthropes across America to line his own pockets. And that's not even the worst part of it. Oh No! He was also a high-ranking member, and main funder of Humanity Rising the Anti-Zoe group that... Well, you've seen the news.

An alphabet soup of government agents dragged him, and my stepmom, and ME away about 3 weeks before my eighteenth birthday. Their timing was horrible. I had just started SnapFacing with my long-distance boyfriend! He got to watch me get handcuffed by a pair of German Shepherd Zoe agents. Poor Wayne. They quickly determined I didn't know anything and released me. Problem number one? I had nowhere to go. Everything had been seized! The house. The beach house. The vacation house. All my clothes! Even my phone! My PHONE! All I was left with was the clothes on my back. Problem number two? No one would take me in. Anyone in the family not already being fitted for an orange jumpsuit was lawyering up and/or skipping the country. All our supposed "friends" were setting new speed records trying to distance themselves from us. That left only one option... Mom.

I hadn't seen her in ten years, not since Dad kicked her out after he caught her with the Otter pool cleaner, and the Bear delivery driver, and the Rhino contractor, at the same time! One phone call though and I'm on a flight to Virginia with a government supplied chaperone to make sure I get there. And it's not even fun Virginia, like Beach Virginia or outside D.C. Virginia. It's Bell End, Virginia a city located in the mountains on the west side of the state, so in the middle of absolutely nowhere. It was so embarrassing when she met us at the airport. All kinds of screaming, and crying, and kissing me while people looked at us. Then to make things worse she introduced me to her new husband and three stepsons... All of them Ahuitzotl Zoes. They look like dark-furred Ottermen with white bellies and a long prehensile tail ending in a strong, dextrous hand. Small, round ears sit on a hyena-like head. The boys, all around my age, wear the fur on their heads in a spiked style. Thank goodness they just waved, I don't know what I would have done if they had tried to hug me.

I wasn't expecting much so imagine my surprise when we pulled into a private gated community in a nice section of town. They lived in a two-story house with full basement, 3 car garage, and in-ground pool! If it wasn't for the neighborhood being 80% Demi-... Zoe, it would be a great place to live. Mom took me to the room she had made up for me, in the basement. At first, I was mad, like, they don't want me in the upstairs part of the house? I'm banished to some underground cave like a troll? Before I could let them have it Kevin explained that the basement had its own bathroom, so I wouldn't have to share with anyone, and a den with a big TV and sectional sofa so I could watch whatever I wanted. Buster, the oldest of the triplets, pointed out the fridge and microwave so I could keep my own snacks and drinks if I wanted as well. Kevin explained how they knew this was all a big change for me, so they were letting me have the basement, so I could have the space and privacy to adjust to everything in my own time. I didn't know what to say, it was such a huma-... nice thing to do.

Mom then took me out to replace my wardrobe and catch up on lost time. She even replaced my phone. (I mean it's not as nice as my other one but, it'll do for now.) Then we picked out some stuff for my room, snack stuff, and other things to make the basement mine. Once we got back to her place she helped me fix everything up, then asked if I needed some time alone. I said, "Yes", and she went upstairs after reminding me if I wanted to talk she was always here. Once alone I felt everything catch up to me and cried for what seemed like forever.

I didn't just feel bad for myself. I felt bad for everyone my Dad (supposedly) ripped off. Everything I ever had was bought with someone else's work and trust. I hid out in the basement that night, unable to face my new... ugh... family and tried to figure out how to get rid of my guilt. I prayed for guidance from someone, (We've never been too religious.), then went to bed. I had the weirdest dream. I stood on a stage, naked, in front of an audience of male Beastmen. I was scared to death! I ran, and they chased me. Just as they caught me I woke up. I walked like a ghost through life for the next week, trying to accept my new life during the day, and having the same dream every night. I didn't know what to do!

The only bright spot was Wayne. Turns out his family lives in the same community as Mom. Once she found this out she started taking me over there every day. I was beyond happy. We hung out, watched movies, played games, and actually got to be with one another in person. I even got my first kiss! On My Birthday! I told him about the dream, and how I wanted to make up for what I felt I had done wrong. He suggested charity work. It was a great idea. I would go out and help other in need. Even Zoes if I had to. Then he asked if I always ran. I said "Why?" He shrugged, "Just wondering what would happen if you stood your ground."

That night I did. The Beastmen stayed in their seats. I wasn't sure what to do at that point. "What do you want?" I yelled. Nothing. "How do I make this right? I feel responsible. I was in the commercials. I said the catchphrase. I benefited from your loss. How do I make this all go away?"

"Love," came a voice from behind me. I jumped. Standing off to the side was the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life, wearing nothing but a boa...constrictor. "You must overcome the hate in your heart and learn to love them. Instead of running, or fighting, just give yourself to them. Bring joy, and orgasms into the world. That will help balance the scales."

I was horrified. Was she suggesting I actually... with a demi-... NO Way! "I'm not into that. Sorry. I mean how would that balance everything? What should I do, whore myself out?" I laughed. She gave me that look Mom gives me when I say something glaringly obvious. "No! I'm not sleeping with people for money!"

"Then don't take money for it," she smiled. "Do it because they enjoy it. Who knows, in time you could learn to enjoy it too." She waves a hand dismissively, "Or apply a price to everything you do and subtract it from what your Dad stole. Even if you don't take money, you could keep track of the good you're doing that way."

I tried to deny it, but a part of me deep down latched on to the idea. I'd have to keep it secret from Wayne. Goddess, I would be cheating on him! "I can't do it. I have a boyfriend."

"Explain it to him. Get his reaction. Tell him you dreamed it."

I nodded. "But I've never... I wouldn't know what to... you know." I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned to see a grey fox standing on the stage. "Hi," I squeaked.

"I can fix that," she giggled. "He'll teach you everything you'll need to know. Returning every night until you tell him to stop." I open my mouth to protest, and she cut me off. "It's just a dream, Zophie. It doesn't affect anything in the real world. Think of it as a test to see if you have the will to set things right."

I found myself sitting on a bed. The Fox climbed in with me. He took his time, kissing me, massaging me, making me feel comfortable, waiting until I gave him the okay to move forward. Oh My God, it was amazing! The things he did with his fingers? The way his pads felt on my skin. The way his fur felt against my naked body. His tongue between my legs making me explode with blissful release. Once I recovered he replaced tongue and fingers with his penis, making me scream with pleasure as he rutted my willing pussy. I orgasmed three more times before he spilt his seed deep inside me. I panicked, then remembered it was just a dream, I can't get pregnant. I wanted more, and he gave it to me again, and again, until I told him, "Enough." With a smile he placed his manhood near my face, then explained what he expected.

"Every guy will want one," he sighed. "You might as well get used to it." I wasn't sure what to do. I kissed it, then licked it. (It didn't taste as bad as I figured it would. In fact, I loved it.) I couldn't get it very far into my mouth without gagging. He smiled, "In time, you'll get it. Chug water to learn to relax your throat." When he ejaculated I pulled away, earning a face full of his cum. I swallowed a little and fell in love with the taste. I wiped my face clean with my fingers, then my fingers clean with my tongue. I didn't want it to end, but I felt the dream collapsing around me. With a blink I found myself back in my bed, sunlight streaming through the window, and my panties soaked through. Nothing had changed, except now I had a plan to make things right.

I just hope I have the guts to pull it off!