 I've been training in my dreams for about a week now. I have learned so many fun things to do in that time, it's just amazing. I'm itching to try some of it in the real world. Problem is I have a boyfriend. I can't set things right without explaining my mission to him. (and giving him first shot at my pussy.) I hope he understands, I really don't want to lose him.

I wait until everyone's asleep then sneak out. It's only a couple of streets over from my Mom's house so I just walk. Yep, nothing suspicious here, just a teenage human girl taking a midnight stroll through a predominantly Beast neighborhood. You know, just a normal everyday thing. Wayne's parents have been really supportive of our relationship, especially since I moved to Bell End. They've let me come over every day, cooked me dinner, drove me home. (I'm hoping I can get my license this Summer. Wayne has one, but his parents are afraid I'll be assaulted by "those sub-human freaks looking for revenge". It would be nice if we could go out on actual dates instead of just watching TV in the den, with his parents down the hall in the Living Room) It would also be nice if they would let HIM come to ME sometimes. I don't know why they won't let him come to Mom's house. I mean... I Know, but still... Oh, Weirdness alert! They told me last night that they tried to file for custody of me when Dad got arrested. Turns out he had them down as guardians in case he ever died, or something. That's crazy!

It's almost as crazy as what I'm doing. I rehearse everything I'm going to say one more time. I've got it down pat. I can make a good argument for it and... Who am I kidding?!? I'm headed over to my boyfriend's house to tell him: "Hey, I love you, but I need to fuck a bunch of Zoes to bring balance to my life and lift all the guilt from my soul. Why? Because this woman in my dreams told me to. But, HEY, I'll let you pop my cherry before I get it pounded by a bunch of animal dongs. You're cool with all this, right?" I hug my stomach as another wave of nausea hits. I'm so scared and nervous that I've stopped four times already to dry heave into the street. I don't really want to do this, but, something inside me tells me this is the only way I'll ever find peace in my life. Maybe I should have discussed it with Mom first? Yeah right, she's already got me an appointment to see a therapist next week. This would just confirm that I'm not right in the head. Crap! Next week is when Summer School starts as well! I missed all my final exams at my old school. (Being in Government Custody kinda interferes with your academic life, you know.) Mom got me tested though, and so I get to spend my summer catching up on only History and Biology with a bunch of losers.

Too quickly I find myself outside Wayne's bedroom window. I dry heave into the bushes one last time before tapping on the glass. Wayne opens them up, looking around before helping me inside. "Afraid we're being watched?" I joke.

"What? No, I thought I heard the cat puking in Mom's azaleas again." We sit on the bed, unable to look each other in the eye. I don't know what he's so nervous about, we're just losing our virginity with each other...maybe. I start to speak but get cut off. "Look, Zophie," Wayne blurts out, "I have something I need to tell you. Something big, and it might affect how you feel about me, about us." He stares at the floor. "I hope it doesn't. I mean...I love you, and hope to spend the rest of my life with you..." He grabs my hand. I pull away, standing up and walking to the window. With my back to him I take a deep breath, and quickly tell him everything. The dreams. The lady that appeared in them. The sex. My mission. He's silent for a while, just making moaning sounds as I describe what the Fox has been doing to me every night. "So..." he swallows, "So, you're having dreams where you have wild sex with a Beastman... so you can learn how to pleasure them in real...Ooooooh... real life, to erase the guilt from your soul? Is... is that what you're saying?"

I take a deep breath, "Yes." I turn to face him. "I know it sounds cr-... WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!?" He flashes me a weak smile, clearly embarrassed, but doesn't stop masturbating. "Oh My God, Wayne!"

"Keep it down," he hisses, gesturing with his free hand. "You'll wake my parents up! Look, Zo, I can explain, just give me a minute to finish."

"Are you turned on by me cheating on you?" I walk closer, never taking my eyes off his erection. "Is this some kind of weird fetish or something?" I kneel in front of him. "Do you want me to sleep with other guys, Wayne?" I reach out and take his penis in my hand with a sexy giggle. "Let me have a go at it."

"OH SHIT! Zophie...I...I... OH!" I've barely touched him when everything suddenly changes. His penis gets longer, the shaft expanding in several places along its length. His testicles swell to double their original size while darkening in color. Gray and white hair...NO! FUR! sprouts all over his body while a long tail sprouts from his backside. His ears increase in size and move to the top of his head. In about three short breaths my boyfriend transforms from human to... Chinchilla? I stare, frozen in shock but still absentmindedly stroking him off while he shakes his head in embarrassment. After several tense seconds of silence, he sighs in defeat. "I'm sorry, Zo, I really am."

"So," I blink rapidly trying to process this, "You're a Were-Chinchilla? Seriously?"

"Tonight, I am," he snorts. "It changes. I've never been the same thing two times in a row."

"It's not a full moon."

"Yeah," he crosses his arms angrily, "It happens when I get turned on. I'm like the Hulk, but instead of anger it's horniness." He swallows, "I hope this doesn't change things between us. I really..." I cut him off by swallowing most of his rod in one go. (What? I came over here to lose my virginity! Oh, and apparently the chugging water thing works!) He moans my name while I bob my head on his penis, teasing the underside with my tongue. (Guess those dream skills do translate to the real world.) It doesn't take long for his cock to swell and his balls to tighten up. "Oh, Fu- On your face. On your face!" I oblige, jerking his twitching junk as it sends shot after shot onto my smiling face. I yelp when one gets me in the eye. I'm completely covered by the time he finishes up and giggling like a little kid. He hands me some tissues, so I can clean myself up.

"You're still a Beast," I smile.

"I can't turn back until I'm satisfied," he explains. "I masturbate about 8 times a day just to keep this from happening." He sighs, "It could take all night for me to change back, Zo."

I peel my clothes off, smiling at his rapidly hardening penis. "Whatever. I mean what kind of girlfriend would I be if I left you like this?" I put his thick pole between my sizeable boobs. "You'll love this." While I get him off again I slip a couple of fingers between my legs bringing myself to orgasm while he's coating my chest with another load. I pull back, so he can get naked too. Once he's ready I push him back onto his bed and straddle him. He whimpers while I guide him into my waiting cleft. Once he's all the way in he gets my hips in a tight grip.

"Uh," he swallows, "Can we just hold it here for a couple of minutes?"

I laugh. "Of course." I lean forward to kiss him. He slides his arms around me, pulling me close. We stay this way until he begins thrusting against me. I roll over with him, letting him take control this time. It's weird. I still find Beasts filthy, and I'm not sure I can share myself with them like this, but Wayne being a Were isn't a deal breaker. Maybe knowing the guy I love is under all that fur makes a difference. Maybe? I don't know. I don't care. I quit thinking about it, and just enjoy the moment. Wayne slams his thick cock deep, driving the breath out of me. I bite my lip to stifle the squeal of pleasure, and pain, shooting up my spine. He goes a hundred miles an hour, pulling out after about 5 minutes to paint my belly with his cum. He flops down beside me. "Still furry," I smile.

"Still hard," he nods. We laugh. "Look Zoe," he says getting serious, "I... do think about you with other guys, mainly Demi-humans. A lot. It is like my number one, go to fantasy right now. It triggers the change more than anything else." He notices my puzzled look. "I don't know why! I guess just the thought of you rutting with some inhuman Beast is just..." He shakes his head. I cough politely while pointing to his own fur covered form. He laughs. "Yeah, I get it. Look, if you think this is something you need to do to make things right, I'll support it. We just have to set some ground rules, okay?"

"Of course," I nod. "And if you see someone you want to sleep with, go ahead with my blessing. It wouldn't be fair for you to stay faithful while I'm screwing around on you."

"Yeah," he agrees. "I can't think of anyone right now, but I appreciate it." He coughs. "Alright, Rule Number One: 'You can't hide it from me.' If you sleep with someone else, I want to know about it."

"So you can masturbate to it?" I tease.

"Duh! And so, we won't have a relationship based on lies. I trust you, and don't want anything to jeopardize that. So, No lies, and no hiding it."

"Deal," I nod.

"Rule Number Two: 'You have to come home when you're done.' So to speak. I don't mind you doing this, but I still want to be your boyfriend. You have to make time for me. Make us a priority. Deal?"

"Deal," I smile. "Like I could ever leave you, you doofus." I lay my head on his chest. "I'm not even sure I can do it. I mean, I can't even hug my stepdad, so how am I going to screw some random stranger?" He moans. "What?"

"You and your stepdad..."

I punch his chest. "Gross! That is sick!" I shiver at the thought. Never! "Let's quit talking about it."

"Oh? What do you want to do instead?"

"Well, I think we need to work on getting you back into a human shape. What do you say?"

For an answer he rolls back on top of me while we passionately kiss. We try all kinds of things with each other for most of the night. I know I need to leave, but by the time he's back to Plain Wayne I'm too tired to move. I close my eyes to take a short rest, and... BOOM! Sunlight is coming through his window! I roll out of bed, listening to his parents calling him to breakfast. I don't bother with underwear, or shoes, just throwing on my blouse and shorts before rolling out his window. I've barely hit the ground before his bedroom door opens and his Mother tells him it's time to get up. I crawl across the yard to the sidewalk while he mumbles a response. I start quick walking away without looking back, not slowing down until I'm back on my street. Once I know I'm safe I can't help but laugh at the craziness of it all. I'm floating on a cloud, humming my favorite song, swinging my shoes around and feeling happy for the first time since the raid.

"Oh My God!" I freeze. I know that voice. I turn to see my Mom speedwalking down the sidewalk towards me in her hot pink workout clothes. She has a huge grin on her face. My cheeks are already burning from embarrassment. She cackles, "Is this MY DAUGHTER taking the Walk of Shame?" I'm beet red when she pulls me into a crushing hug. "I'm so proud of you."

"You are?" Well, my mouth is full of her hair so it's more like "Moo farfn?"

"YES!" She steps back, still gripping my arms. "Honey, you needed to get laid. Trust me." She puts her arm around me, guiding me towards the house. "Was it with your boyfriend?" I nod. "Well, it was almost perfect." She sees my expression. "I kid. I'm sure he's nice and hope, someday, he slips mommy's leash and comes to our house."

"Yeah," I reluctantly agree. A thought hits me. "I should probably make an appointment to get on some birth control. I don't need any more problems in my life."

"Yeah," Mom agrees. "I'm not ready to be a Grandma. I'll get you an appointment with my guy. He's great. And you need your own birth control. I can't keep slipping you mine in those breakfast smoothies I make you every morning."

"Yeah," I laugh. "Oh...Wait...WHAT?"