 For background on this story and to avoid confusion, read “Zuzie Beams Me Up”.

One evening last week, I was walking home from a club meeting and cut across the vacant lot like I usually do. Suddenly, the ground was no longer beneath my feet, and when I looked down, I could see that I was rapidly rising in the air. “Zuzie, what do you want now?” I asked out loud even though I didn’t really think she could hear me. I had been through this before and I was pretty sure I knew what she wanted anyhow.  I hadn’t expected her to come for me again, though, so with combined feelings of irritation and anticipation, I rose toward her flying saucer. I felt irritation because it seemed rather high-handed of Zuzie to be beaming me up again, after she had assured me she would be allright for the rest of her tour of duty, and anticipation because I remembered what delicious pussies she has, and what a really great time I had with her the last time.

Zuzie’s flying saucer was high above the clouds and, as I continued to rise, I was getting cold and having trouble breathing. I was greatly relieved when I finally passed through the familiar port and landed on the platform that I also recognized. Zuzie was at the controls and she had an embarrassed look about her although I don’t know how I could tell that it was embarrassment that I saw. “Hello, Zuzie,” I said in a casual manner. “What are you doing, bringing me up here again, as if I didn’t know?”

“Hello, George. It isn’t what you think it is although, come to think of it, I could use some of that too. The grocking with you was really great but it was a long time ago and I could use some more. What I really brought you here for, though, was to prove a point. That receptor over there on my sleeping platform is named Tomiss and she doesn’t believe in you.” I was aware that a “receptor” is the equivalent of a woman on Earth. 

I turned to face Tomiss. “Well, you can see I am real. Now, can I go back home, Zuzie?”

“She doesn’t understand you, George. I speak English because I am observing this part of your world. Tomiss is observing a world far away and speaks no human languages. I am ashamed to admit that I bragged to the other receptor observers about grocking twice from the way you penetrated me before. Some of them didn’t believe me and Tomiss expressed so much doubt we are now calling her “Doubting Tomiss”. She comes from a place on Zoop called Masura, where the people have such a reputation for being cynical that there is an expression that translates “I’m from Masura; you gotta show me.”

“Just to prove I am telling the truth or, as she would prefer, to prove I am lying, Tomiss has come over here to see for herself. If I can show her that you did make me grock twice, she will tell the others and I will be believed. I really want to be believed because among receptors, being multi-grockasmic is quite a distinction.”

“You mean that you want me to fuck, er, penetrate you again, and make you cum or grock or whatever, twice, so you will be a big shot and I can go back home? It was fun the first time but it’s getting old now.”

“I just wish it could be that easy. I would really love it if it could be because grocking twice was the highlight of my life, besides being a lot of fun, but it’s not that simple. You have to penetrate Tomiss and make her grock twice.”

I looked at Tomiss again. Physically, as far as I could see, she and Zuzie were identical but I had developed a considerable amount of fondness for Zuzie, as I do for all my lady friends. Tomiss had a certain air about her, almost hostility, certainly unfriendliness, and I really didn’t want anything to do with her. “Now, look here, Zuzie. I like you and I must admit that I had fun the first time here, and if you wanted me to penetrate you again, and you wanted to grock twice again, maybe even three times, I would do it but I don’t like the idea of you whoring me out to your friends.”

“Tomiss isn’t a friend of mine, George. Actually, I dislike her a lot. Grock three times? I’ve never even heard of anybody doing that. Do you really think you could do that for me?”

“Probably. Maybe I could do that for you while Tomiss watches. Would that satisfy her doubts?”

“No. She would claim I was faking them. Sometimes receptors on Zoop do that with their mates although I never have. Please do this for me, George. I would really appreciate it and it would give me a lot of prestige on Zoop. Pretty please?”

When she put it that way, I felt I had to go along. I never turn down a reasonable request from one of my lady friends, and that certainly included Zuzie. “Okay, Zuzie, I’ll do it. We’ll have to use your sleeping platform. If you remember, my methods are very much different from what you have been used to, and they are probably different from what Tomiss is used to also. Tell her that and if she wants to grock twice, she has to let me do things my way.”

Zuzie spoke to Tomiss in a language completely unintelligible to me, and Tomiss responded by removing her coveralls and sitting on the edge of the sleeping platform. With her clothing off, I could see differences between the two observers. While I remember Zuzie’s side receptors as being large and firm, those of Tomiss were much smaller and were sagging. The side receptors look very much like human breasts, and perform some of the same functions so I will refer to them as breasts. Zuzie’s bottom receptor, which I think of as her lower pussy is pretty and pink and surrounded by soft, dark hair while Tomiss’s is covered by a gray thatch that looked unpleasantly wiry, and not much fun to lick. Besides that, I thought I could see the equivalent of her pussy lips drooping through the hair. Zoopian receptors, or pussies have only one pair of lips each. On Zoop, Zuzie’s home planet, the gender is known as “receptors” and their sex organs are known by the same name. To avoid confusion, I will refer to the sex organs as breasts and upper or lower pussies because they serve somewhat similar functions and look a lot alike.

Tomiss remained sitting on the side of the bed as I approached her and I was unsure how to proceed. I needed her to lie down so I could start fondling and licking her breasts, as I had with Zuzie and as I usually do with my lady friends. “Zuzie, you are going to have to interpret for me. Tell Tomiss to lie on her back near the edge of the sleeping platform.”

Apparently, she passed on my instructions because Tomiss did as I wanted but I had the impression that she didn’t really want to cum, or grock, and would prefer proving Zuzie had been lying. Because I have a genuine fondness for Zuzie, that attitude made me determined to get Tomiss off twice even though, for one of the few times in my life, I would be having sex rather than making love. On general principles, I removed all my clothing before I started doing anything.

Like with Zuzie, I knelt beside the bed and cupped one breast in either hand and bent over and started licking the nearest one. Unlike with Zuzie, her breasts were rather flabby and the small nubbins on the ends, which I thought of as nipples, were soft. I continued licking, first one, then the other and back again, and I could feel the nipples becoming harder. I persevered and, eventually, they became almost as erect as Zuzie’s had been, and actually felt good on my tongue. 

I drew one of the breasts into my mouth and started sucking on it, again, as I had with Zuzie. There seemed to be a certain tension in Tomiss’s body, as if she were, figuratively, gritting her teeth to avoid what would be a normal reaction. For a long time, I moved my mouth back and forth between her breasts, glancing occasionally at her lower pussy to see if there would be any reaction. Finally, I could see and smell juices trickling from her pussy, and it seemed as if Tomiss were becoming aroused in spite of herself. I continued sucking on her breasts and, finally, I was rewarded as her pussy, reluctantly it seemed, started fucking into the air and producing a steady stream of juices. From the juices, the fucking into the air and the erect nipples, I knew Tomiss was sexually aroused but I still had a long way to go before she grocked, and it was very tiring to me.

When I got on the bed to kneel between Tomiss’s lower limbs, she said something to Zuzie, and got a reply. “She asked what you were doing, George,” Zuzie told me. “Don’t forget to keep stimulating her side receptors. I told her you had some surprises for her and she shouldn’t fight them. She’s resisting but her resistance is breaking down, as I think you can tell.”

That was the impression I had, that Tomiss was trying to avoid grocking but the sensuous part of her nature was betraying her. The Zoopian lower pussy is located in the same place as a human pussy, and reacts much the same, so I licked Tomiss almost the same way as I would have licked a human pussy. There is only one pair of lips, and they were engorged with fluid, probably blood, as human pussy lips become, and as Zuzie’s had been. I licked the outside edge of one lip, starting from below her receptor hole to the end, where it merges with her other lip. Underneath the junction of the two lips is an organ much like the human clit and it seems to serve a similar function. When I had eaten Zuzie’s pussy, her clit had become swollen, just like her lips, and very sensitive, and Tomiss’s pussy was reacting the same, despite her efforts to avoid becoming aroused. Besides the juices and the engorgement of her clit and lips and the fucking motions of her pussy, Tomiss’s body was squirming on the sleeping platform, another sign of her arousal.

Although the two pussies were alike in some ways, the taste was very different. Zuzie’s pussy juice had been delicious but when I tasted that of Tomiss, it had a sour tinge, like vinegar. All pussies taste good, even Zoopian pussies, but some taste less good than others and hers was probably the least good tasting in my experience. Her bristly gray hair was also somewhat unpleasant, tickling my nose and lips but I was able to keep most of it out of my way and concentrate on what my tongue was doing with Tomiss’s pussy. 

After licking the first lip to the end, where it forms what in a human woman would be the clit hood, I harvested all the fresh juices. Though not really very tasty, they were good enough that I didn’t want to waste them. The other pussy lip was treated the same way and my mouth was then ready to pleasure Tomiss’s clit, first indirectly and then with my tongue directly fondling her engorged love toy. Tomiss said something to Zuzie and it sounded like a complaint of some kind.

Zuzie answered her rival and then said to me, “She’s complaining that you are doing it wrong. I told her that you are doing it your way and getting a reaction. Tomiss is getting closer to grocking and I told her to be a fair and honest observer and quit fighting it.”

I already knew that Tomiss was closer to cumming from the way her lower pussy was reacting and her body had gone from squirming to writhing on the bed. I brought her further along when I licked her clit hood. That resulted in more fresh juices from her pussy and she started fucking more strongly into my face. Briefly, I stroked her clit with my tongue, while continuing to caress her breasts with my hands. I am hardly an expert on the sex life of Zoopians but I was sure Tomiss was ready to cum so I moved on to her upper pussy.

Although the juices from Tomiss’s lower pussy had left much to be desired, I expected those from her upper pussy to taste much better, and I was right. Zoopian penetrators, the equivalent to the human males, have two sex organs, which are also called penetrators.  The lower sex organ is the equivalent of a human cock and the upper sex organ is quite similar to a tongue. They enjoy inserting their cocks into the lower pussies of the receptors and they also enjoy fondling breasts with their “hands”. In order to induce the males to insert their tongues into the upper pussies and cause the females to grock, which sometimes results in pregnancy, the upper pussies produce the most incredibly delicious secretions I have ever tasted. The juices from Zuzie’s upper pussy were the best in my experience, bar none. The upper pussy of Tomiss also produced delicious juices, better than the pussies of most, but not all human women in my experience. So far, that had been the only good part of penetrating her.

Tomiss’s lower pussy was still lubricating so my cock slid easily into her and I started stroking it in and out while fondling her breasts. Her pussy fucked strongly back to meet me, an involuntary reaction, because she was trying to prevent it from happening and couldn’t. My tongue swirled in and out of her upper pussy, caressing her clit, which was even more swollen than the one in her lower pussy had been. My cock felt good, caressing her lower clit while fucking that pussy. Tomiss’s lower pussy felt the same as Zuzie’s had, except looser, and I really enjoyed the delicious juices that were flooding out of her upper pussy. 

Even though there was some enjoyment there, it was marred by the mutual dislike between Tomiss and me, and I could feel tension building in her body. Unlike the pleasure that builds up in a woman’s body and leads to cumming, or the pleasure that had built up in Zuzie’s body and led to grocking, the tension that built up in Tomiss’s body seemed negative. It was not at all pleasurable, as if she was fighting the buildup, which she, in fact, was. The resistance was to no avail, because, abruptly, her whole body shuddered, and just as abruptly relaxed, all the tension evaporating.

“You did it, George. She grocked, even though she fought it all the way,” Zuzie enthused, and then she said something to Tomiss that sound like “Nyah, nyah, nyah.” Even though she had just grocked, possibly for the first time in a long while, Tomiss seemed sullen and said something to Zuzie that was probably not fit to print, even if I had understood it.

“Okay, George. She’s beaten and she knows it. Tomiss said she wouldn’t grock even once and you really showed her. One more time! You can do it!” Zuzie was cheering me on and I did feel good about what I had just done. It seems strange that you can hurt somebody by giving her intense pleasure but that is what I had just done to Tomiss and I intended to do it again. 

After a few minutes of allowing her to regain her strength, Zuzie told Tomiss to get into position again. I started the same way as I had before and this time there seemed to be no resistance. Tomiss was relaxed and as I licked and then sucked on her breasts, her pussy started fucking into the air sooner and more naturally. “You’ve got her, George. She knows she can’t win so she’s going to relax and enjoy it. I can’t blame her; that’s what I would do.”

Tomiss did enjoy it and so did I, certainly more than either of us had the first time. Her breasts felt better in my mouth and my mouth felt better on them. She said something to Zuzie and it actually sounded like a friendly comment or, at, least non-hostile.

“She said it feels good, George,” Zuzie interpreted. “She likes it and wants you to keep sucking and licking her and then do the same things as you did before. She said the first time should have been the best fucking she has ever had and she feels bad about letting it be wasted. For the second grocking, she wants to let go and enjoy herself fully and not waste it.”

I was glad to hear that because I can’t really enjoy making love or even having sex unless my lady friend is also enjoying it. I don’t think I could ever consider Tomiss to be a lady friend the way I thought of Zuzie but at least our feelings toward each other were much less hostile than they had been earlier. I was happy for Zuzie in her moment of triumph but I also felt better knowing that Tomiss was having fun too. 

When I ate Tomiss’s lower pussy, she fucked into my face with zeal, producing a flood of juices. They still didn’t taste all that good and her gray pubic hair was still something of a nuisance, but I enjoyed myself all the same. As I fondled her breasts and sucked her lower clit, I truly took pleasure from the way Tomiss writhed and squirmed on Zuzie’s sleeping platform while moaning from the pleasure she was getting. 

When I knew that Tomiss was ready for her second grock, I moved up on her body and feasted on the delicious juices her upper pussy was producing. I thrust my cock into her lower pussy and began fucking her, slowly for a few strokes but then faster when her pussy fucked back so much faster. While I massaged her lower clit with my cock, it was apparent she was on the verge of grocking. Because she was so close, I decided against the usual slow buildup of her upper pussy and went directly to sucking and licking her clit, which was even more swollen that it had been before. As my mouth licked one pussy and my cock fucked the other, and my hands massaged her breasts, I felt her start to cum.

This time Tomiss really let herself go and enjoyed the grocking, the way it should be enjoyed. Her lower limbs wrapped themselves around my hips and her upper limbs, which were like arms wrapped themselves around my shoulders and one of her hands pushed on the back of my head, forcing my mouth around her clit. Holding to me tightly and pushing my face against her upper pussy, Tomiss rocked back and forth on the bed while her lower pussy fucked back to meet the thrusts of my cock. 

Tomiss’s entire body gave a great spasm and, unlike the first time, this time I knew she had climaxed. I continued to pound my cock into her until I also climaxed, ejaculating into her lower pussy. For one of the very few times, I had fucked without a condom, knowing that there was no possibility of either STD or pregnancy. She lay on the bed for ten minutes, in a state of blissful relaxation, while I recovered my strength, then got off her and put my clothes back on.

Before Tomiss left, she and Zuzie seemed to make up, as if they were no longer hostile toward one another, and just before she went through the airlock they embraced.  There was a slight jolt as the visiting spacecraft detached from Zuzie’s saucer and Tomiss took off. I was glad to see her go because I had some questions I wanted to ask Zuzie about the visit and the aftermath, and in general.

“How do you know Tomiss will tell the truth? Couldn’t she just go and lie and say she didn’t grock even once?”

“All observers take a very solemn oath to tell the truth about what they observe. Since she was here observing, she would never lie about it.”

“Tomiss is another observer and she was over here visiting you. Couldn’t another observer, this time a penetrator come over here and you could get each other off?”

“Our government is very puritanical and would never permit that. If such a visit ever happened, both observers would be immediately recalled and fired in total disgrace. They would probably end up starving to death because nobody would ever do anything for them or help them in any way. The penetrators all know that and would never agree. They all just masturbate and have no real need to come over but we can’t masturbate because we need complicated devices to do it, and the hypocrites in the government won’t allow us to bring them aboard. Zoop is really a penetrator’s world. Other receptors can come over here, though, and there is no problem.”

“I thought it was something like that,” I told her. “Also, there might be the problem with an unwanted pregnancy.”

“There is that too but now I have a problem. Watching you and Tomiss has gotten me really horny. I thought I would be able to hold out through the rest of my tour of duty but I won’t be able to. I really need you to fuck me again. You said something earlier about making me grock three times. I don’t believe that is even possible but it would be fun trying.”
