 Sitting on his bedroll in just his trousers, Thanir watches as the first rays of the morning sun broke through the trees. He glances quickly at the smoldering remains of last night's fire but decides against rekindling it. The next town, and a real meal in a tavern, is only a few miles away so there was no need to cook a breakfast. Rubbing the last of the sleep from his eyes, the young ranger stands and stretches.

Just as he begins to roll up his bedding, a series of sounds jerk Thanir's attentions to the east. Dropping the bedroll, he grabs his sheathed sword and runs off in the direction of the noises. Thanir slows as the forest thinned, trees giving way to soft grass under his bare feet as he approaches a small, brook-fed pool. He stops short when he sees the source of the earlier noises, a slender redheaded woman bathing in the waist-deep water.

She turns toward the sounds of the approaching ranger, now only quartered away from Thanir. Her long, wet hair seems pasted to her radiant white skin, revealing to Thanir's roaming eyes only the basic outlines of her body. His eyes are drawn up to her face, drinking in her delicate features and realizing, when he sees her elongated ears, that this is an elf woman.

"I—I'm sorry, m'lady..." he stammers, slowly turning to leave her to her bath.

"Are you just going to stand there?" she asks, stopping him. "Or are you going to join me?"

Frozen for a moment, Thanir stares at the elf, the playful look in her emerald green eyes the key to breaking his paralysis. Laying his sword against a rock, he moves forward, stripping his trousers as he walks swiftly toward the water's edge. Her lips widen into a smile as he takes the first few steps into the pool. She shakes her head as she turns, giving Thanir a full view of her perky breasts as she floats backward into the deeper water. As the water level reaches his thighs, Thanir leans forward and smoothly dives in, swimming strongly toward the elf.

Thanir swims straight toward the woman, reaching out to her as he comes close. She is agile, though, and darts away from his arm, giggling at his attempt. Time and again he passes close to the elf only to have her twist and dive away. One more time he swims toward her. She twists away from him again, but Thanir had held back this time, only stretching halfway toward her. Extending fully, his hand reaches her small waist, and he pulls the elf woman to him.

Their gaze meets for an instant, a lustful fire in both sets of eyes. Slowly Thanir leans in to kiss her. Her lips part under his, and she answers when his tongue probes into her mouth. His left arm pulls her tighter against his body while his right hand slides up her taut stomach to her small, firm breasts. She breaks their kiss, rolling her head back and moaning in pleasure as he rolls and pulls her nipples one after the other. Grinning, Thanir begins to kiss and nip down her exposed throat and across her collarbone. Then he feels her nibble at his earlobe as her hands run slowly up his muscular chest. 

She tugs on the lobe playfully and whispers, "I hoped that splashing would draw you here."

She lets out another soft laugh as Thanir pulls back his head, a questioning look in his eyes.

"I've been following you for five days," she breathes, wrapping her arms around his neck. "And I decided I want you—want you to be my first."

Thanir's eyes search hers as a smile spreads over his face.

"And do you always get what you want?"

She pulls herself up using her hold around his neck and wraps her legs tightly around Thanir's waist, grinning as his hands slide down to her ass and grasp each cheek firmly.

"Maybe not, but I think I have a pretty good chance at getting this wish."

She gets no answer from Thanir as their lips meet again in a passionate kiss. Locked together, they move toward the water's edge. Slowly emerging from the water, a line of curiosity creases the elf's brow.

She barely pulls her lips back long enough to gasp, "Where?"

Thanir draws back, bringing his right hand up to push a stray lock of deep red hair behind her ear as he looks deep into her eyes.

"Your first time," he answers kissing along her neck. "Want it...be right."

Smiling, she runs her fingers down and back up his left arm, tracing an old scar before curling her arm back behind his neck and leaning in for another kiss. Stepping out of the pool, Thanir carries her up the sloping bank and kneels, slowly lowering her onto a soft patch of grass. He rocks backward, sitting on his heels and letting his eyes roam over her body. Out of the water and in the soft morning sun, her skin seems to take on an ethereal, shimmering quality that is only amplified as a light blush spreads across it. 

Slowly he moves forward over her, his right hand skimming up her thigh, over her soft, round hips, up to her breasts, and on to gently caress and cup her cheek as he gently presses his lips to hers. The kisses continue, down her throat and toward her firm breasts. Thanir takes her right breast in his hand, softly caressing it at first then kneading it with increased vigor. His thumb and finger roll her rapidly hardening nipple, pinching and pulling on it. At the same time, his lips lowers over her left breast, sucking the soft flesh into his mouth, licking and twirling his tongue over the nipple. His hands and mouth trade places often until she is moaning softly at the pleasures he is giving.

A small chuckle escapes Thanir's lips as the elf's hand replaces his at her breasts as he continues trailing kisses down her body. His tongue traces a circle around her navel before he flicks the tip into it, drawing a soft sigh from her lips. Thanir slowly continues the line of kisses down her body, stopping just as the elf's breathing shortens in anticipation.

A small groan of disappointment escapes her when Thanir skips down to her inner thigh. The groan is replaced with a sharp intake of air when he moves to the other thigh and nips her gently. Thanir raises his head and looks up at the woman before him. He catches her gaze and smiles into her eyes, eyes pleading with him to continue. He then looks down at her cunt, hairless as the rest of her body and glistening with more than just the water from the pool. With one more glance up at those emerald eyes, Thanir lowers his head again.

He hears her sigh as his tongue runs lightly along her slit before he gently parts her outer lips, but the sound barely registers. All his attentions are focused on the sweet pussy before him, licking, sucking, and kissing every fold, inhaling her intoxicating aroma, and relishing her taste. Her low moans come faster as he gently tugs at her inner lips and thrusts his tongue deep inside her.

Thanir hears her breathing becoming shallow and switches his attentions. His tongue flicks lightly over the tip of her clit and she cries out sharply. His lips seal around her clit as he begins sucking hard, his tongue rubbing firmly around the engorged nubbin. His right hand caresses her thigh while his left snakes its way up to grasp and fondle her breasts.

"Oh, Oh, Yes!" She cries out as her body shudders in orgasm.

Thanir finds himself flooded with her juices, lapping up as much as he can while her cunt spasms around his tongue and her thighs squeeze tight around his head. Her body relaxes, and Thanir grins wolfishly as he slowly crawls up along her body, his mouth just a hair's breadth from her body, letting her feel his hot breath as he moves. Their lips meet in a fierce, hungry kiss. When they part, she is looking up at him, breathless, eyes wide.

"Is that what I taste like."

Thanir makes a show of licking his lips and slowly nodding.

"And it's even better from the source. Want another taste."

She nods, and they kiss again, long and deep. At the same time, he begins to rub the head of his cock against her slit. He presses slowly into her, and she whimpers around his lips. Thanir breaks their kiss, pulling away only so far that he can watch her eyes as he works his way into her tight cunt. He feels a new resistance to his progress, and his eyes carry an unspoken question. She bites her lip and nods. Despite her stifled cry, they never break their gaze as he pushes through her hymen and buries himself inside her.

Bottoming out inside her, Thanir holds himself steady for a moment, letting them both acclimate to the intense feelings of their situation. Slowly he begins to rock inside her again, and they are both moaning and sighing in pleasure. Thanir begins to piston faster and longer into the elf woman, and she begins to tilt her hips up, changing the angle as she meets each thrust. Even as their bodies begin to move as one, they both hold each other's gaze, neither able to look away from the other.

The sounds of pleasure soon start coming more frequently and sound more urgent, and both begin breathing raggedly. The elf shudders as a series of small orgasms ripple through her body. The clenching in her cunt almost drives Thanir into his own orgasm. He can soon feel her body tensing again underneath him, and the fingers that had been stroking up and down his back dig deeply into his skin. This orgasm brings loud, frantic cries to her lips. At the height of her climax, Thanir joins her, groaning loudly as he thrusts as deep into her as he can and unleashes his own orgasm.

Kissing her tenderly, Thanir rocks gently with the elf as she comes down from her orgasm, then rolls off into the grass beside her. When she turns her head to speak, Thanir is pleasantly surprised to see a hungry look still in her eyes.

"Thank you," she starts. "That was...more than I had hoped for." A playful smile crosses her lips. "Now, can I clean you up?"

Without waiting for an answer, she moves between his legs and begins to lick the mixture of their juices off his cock. He begins hardening again under her ministrations, and he groans loudly as she sucks the head of his new found erection into her mouth. Closing his eyes, Thanir concentrates on enjoying the sensations of this novice, but very enthusiastic mouth on his cock. 

Disappointment crosses his face when he feels the woman pull him out of her mouth, but that is forgotten when he opens his eyes and sees her positioning her tight cunt above his erection. Thanir's hands slide up her legs to grasp her hips, helping steady the elf as she slowly lowers herself on his cock. The feeling of her tight, wet pussy sliding down his erection could only be topped by the view he had of himself disappearing inside her. His breath comes as a long, slow exhale until he found himself buried completely inside her.

As the elf begins riding him, Thanir raises his eyes, watching her enjoy herself. She arches her back, thrusting her breasts forward, but leaning backward and pulling them out of Thanir's reach. Likewise, she throws her head back, rolling it from side to side in her enjoyment. Resting his lands lightly on her hips, he lets her control the pace and length of their coupling. 

As he feels himself coming closer to climax, though, he begins to rub tight circles around her clit with his right hand. This draws an appreciative moan from the elf and an increase in the pace of her thrusts. Thanir's left hand grasps tighter to her hip, and, as they both come together, his right hand also grabs her hip, pulling her tight to him as he thrusts upward into her.

The elf woman collapses into Thanir's chest, and they lie together gasping for air. As they regain their breath, the fingers of his right hand slowly stroke up and down her back, sending little shivers down her spine. After several long moments, she laces her fingers together across Thanir's chest and sets her chin atop them. There is a soft smile on her lips, and a far-off, satisfied look in her eyes.

"By the way, my name is Nimahel."