 For background on this story, see the two previous stories of Zuzie and me.

*

The morning after I proved a point and upheld Zuzie's reputation by bringing her rival, Tomiss, to two grocks, roughly equivalent to climaxes for Earth females, she called me to schedule when she would beam me up again. While watching me with Tomiss she had gotten very horny again and would need sex with me to get her back to normal. Using some advanced Zoopian communications technique which I couldn't even begin to explain, she called me at home on my telephone. 

"Hello, George. I'm really horny and I need to grock, hopefully twice again. Maybe even three times, like you said but I could never truly hope for that. When can you come up and penetrate me?"

"Tomorrow night, Zuzie. I will be standing out in my back yard at nine o'clock and you can beam me up to your saucer."

"Okay. I know I don't have to tell you how much I'm looking forward to this."

"Me too, Zuzie. I'll see you tomorrow night."

After hanging up the phone, I went to a store where they sell sex toys, except that they call them "marital aids". There I bought a variety of devices like those I have sometimes seen my lady friends use between themselves, but the ones I picked out ranged from medium size to the biggest ones they had. The clerks in these places are used to some unusual transactions and the woman behind the counter kept a straight face as she rang up what I was buying. I suppose the clerks and other employees of places like this talk about their customers and, if so, I was certainly a major topic of some interesting discussions after I left. That wouldn't bother me but it is an intriguing thought.

At the appointed hour, I felt the sensation that was starting to become more familiar as I rose up from my back yard, holding my purchases in a sturdy paper sack, further protected by a plastic grocery bag. The loops on the plastic bag were wrapped around my arm because I didn't want to take any risks of losing anything. Once again, I was drawn into Zuzie's flying saucer, landing on the platform where I had landed twice before. Zuzie was behind the controls but, unlike previous visits, she was naked, apparently wanting to waste as little time as possible before being penetrated, the Zoopian equivalent of being fucked. As before, I very much admired the large, succulent organs that she called her side receptors and I called breasts because of their appearance and position on her body.

"Hello, George," she greeted me. "I'm really glad to see you again."

"Hello, Zuzie, you sexy thing. I'm glad to see you too." Calling her "sexy" was only a little facetious. She really was sexy to me, partly because of her large, naked breasts, partly because I could already smell what I think of as her pussy juices, although they smell and taste better than any juices I have ever had from human pussies, partly because of her cheery disposition, and partly because she really is so much sexier than Tomiss was on my last visit to the same flying saucer.

Zuzie turned off the tractor beam and went to lie down on her sleeping platform. "I really need this, George, almost as badly as I did your first time here."

"Always glad to help a friend, Zuzie," I answered as I walked over to join her, starting to undress on the way. I finished removing my clothing while sitting on her bed, and complimented her on her lovely breasts. After that I didn't say anything because my hands were cupped under those beauties and I was licking one of what are very similar in appearance to human nipples. They even feel much like human nipples, including tiny ridges which became erect when licked, but they are bigger and seem to have a riper feel than those of most women I know. Surrounding the nipples is a ring that seemed much like a human areola, having a slightly puffy texture on my tongue.

She didn't say anything either. After my two trips to her saucer, Zuzie has become used to what she first considered my strange methods, and she knows how well they work. Normally when a Zoopian male and female, what they call a penetrator and receptor get together and fuck, he uses his hands to fondle what I think of as breasts. As I alternated licking her nipples, one hand cupped under either one, I could hear what sounded a lot like cooing in pleasure.

"I like that, George. It feels really good and my lower receptor is starting to get juicier. Your methods are strange but I won't question them because I remember how well they work." A few seconds later, she did question them. "Are you going to suck on me there too? I remember how good that felt the last time."

I didn't say anything because it wasn't necessary to answer in words. I answered by drawing one of the luscious globes into my mouth and sucking on it. My tongue continued to lick her nipple and I could feel her body squirming under me. 

"Ooo, yeah! Yeah! Like that!" Zuzie really liked what I was doing and it felt great to me too. Besides her nipples feeling so good on my tongue, her breasts, were even more firm and succulent than those of most of the women I know and gave me almost as much fun. Holding one of the twin treasures in either hand, I moved my mouth between them, sucking either one in turn while my tongue licked her nipples and areolas. 

As in human women, Zuzie's lower pussy, or receptor, is located at the junction of her lower limbs. As I glanced down from sucking on her delectable breasts, I could see her lower pussy humping up into the air and I could smell what I was aware would be incredibly delicious juices dripping from her. I knew it was time to put my mouth to work between her legs.

With human women, I would have licked and kissed and nuzzled my way from her breasts down her belly but I had no wish to do so with Zuzie. For one thing, that part of her body is not soft and inviting like that of a woman and for another, and really the main reason, I was avid to devour the juices that were running freely from her pussy. As I had done previously with her, and as I had done with Tomiss, I got up, went around to the foot of the sleeping platform and knelt between her lower limbs. Zuzie, also remembering what I had done earlier, raised her limbs and draped them over my shoulders. Happily, I wrapped my arms around them and leaned forward, first enjoying the delightful aroma of her juices, then leaning farther forward and enjoying their even more delicious flavor. I didn't forget, either, to reach up and fondle her breasts while my mouth was busy on her pussy.

"Mmmmm, that really feels good, George. I knew it would. Don't stop what you're doing."

I had no intention of stopping until the time came to move up on her body to the final position I would use to help Zuzie to grock. Until then, I would feast on her juices and enjoy the texture of her pussy on my tongue. Except that she had only one pair of lips, which were swollen and felt spongy as I licked them, Zuzie's lower pussy looked about the same as that of a woman. A very light coat of soft hair surrounded her lips and it felt even better to me than her bare skin. Taking my time, wanting to give both of us the maximum amount of pleasure, I licked one lip on both sides until I reached the end.

At that point, the lip joined the one that curved up around the other side of her pussy, forming a shelter for the Zoopian equivalent of a clit. From her arousal, Zuzie's "clit" was swollen, like her labia. I would lick her there soon but first I devoured all the delicious fresh juices and licked her other lip, the same as I had the first. When I reached her clit again, Zuzie was ramming her pussy into my face and telling me how much she liked what I was doing and how badly she needed to grock. 

"Yes! Yes! Keep doing that. Make me grock!"

With a human woman, I would have sucked on her clit and she would have cum from that. With Zuzie, or any other Zoopian receptor, I would need to penetrate her upper pussy with my tongue while fucking her lower pussy. Before that, I wanted to bring her a little closer so I enfolded my mouth around her clit and started sucking while caressing the sides and top with my tongue. 

Her movements became even more erratic but I only stayed there for about a minute, delightful though it was. I knew it was time for Zuzie to grock, the first of what I hoped would be three times that night. She was still lying on her back so I quickly moved up on her body, until I was able to drive my cock into her pussy. It slid into her easily. Her lower hole was wet with her juices and besides that, on Zoop I would be described as "hung like a stud mouse" and Zuzie's pussy was made to accept cocks much bigger than mine. When I started fucking, I made sure my cock was also massaging her clit, because I know that is more important than how far it was going in to her. On Zoop, receptors have a saying: "It isn't the size of the magic wand; it's the skill of the magician who wields it."

As my cock plunged in and out of her pussy, with Zuzie fucking back to meet me, my hands massaged her breasts. Her upper body was writhing under me and her nipples were still fully erect and felt as good to my hands as they had to my mouth. The third thing I had to do was press my face against Zuzie's upper pussy and thrust in my tongue. I was more than happy to do this because the juices from her upper pussy are even more delicious than those I had just been feasting on. 

Although Zuzie's whole body was churning up the bed, she forced herself to hold still enough so I could plaster my face against her upper pussy and start flicking my tongue against the clit there. "Yes! Yes!" she cried out delightedly. "Make me grock! Make me grock!"

That was exactly my intention as my hands massaged her firm breasts, concentrating on her erect nipples and my tongue fondled the clit in her upper pussy, reveling in the delicious juices that were gushing from her. I drove my cock in and out of her lower pussy, caressing that clit. Because of the smallness of my cock, I had no trouble fucking Zuzie with hard, fast strokes, and every one, into her and coming back out, stimulated her lower clit. 

"Oh! Oh!" she cried ecstatically. "I'm grocking! I'm grocking. Keep fucking me!" 

I did keep fucking her, with my tongue, my hands and my cock. Zuzie saw to it that I would, with her lower limbs wrapped around my ass and her upper ones pressing my face against her upper pussy. As she grocked, her whole body thrashed about on her sleeping platform, and she crooned a string of words in Zoopian. Although I couldn't understand the words, I am sure they were pretty much the same as what I have heard human women say in similar circumstances. 

Zuzie climaxed with a great spasm of her body, the same as she had on my first visit. After her orgasm, her limbs released my head and body and she lay quietly on her bed. I hadn't cum yet but I removed my cock from her lower orifice and licked all the juices off her upper pussy. They seemed to be even more delicious that they had been a minute ago, possibly because they were the result of grocking, rather than just from arousal. 

"That was wonderful, George," Zuzie told me after resting for a few minutes. "You can stop now, if you want to but I would really like you to make me grock a second time, like you did before and like you did for Tomiss." 

"I definitely want to, Zuzie, a second time and a third, like I said I would."

"A third time would be amazing, but I don't really believe you could. Still, I didn't believe you could do it a second time, and you did, so maybe you can make it to three. If any penetrator could, it would be you."

"We'll see." Since Zuzie was ready, I started licking and fondling and sucking her breasts, as I had before, followed by kneeling between her lower limbs to lick that pussy. Once again, I took my time, slowly building Zuzie up for her second grock. This wasn't just for her benefit because I intended to cum this time too, and I wanted to enjoy it as much as I could. After a long, intensely pleasurable period of licking her pussy and massaging her breasts, Zuzie's body was writhing on her sleeping platform and her lower pussy was fucking up into my face. It was time, I knew, for her second grock.

Moving quickly in order to not lose the moment, I covered her body again, shoving my cock into the pussy I had just been licking. My hands remained busy on her side receptors and I was able to slide my tongue into her upper pussy. Zuzie thrashed on the bed as she had before until she once again started grocking.

"Yes! Yes!" she cried out again. "Grocking! I'm grocking! Keep fucking me." She said more than that but in Zoopian, and it sounded about like what she had said before.

I did keep fucking her, as her arms and legs once again wrapped around me, holding me tightly against her while her body moved wildly under me. She climaxed, her second that night, with an even greater spasm of her body, while all four of her limbs squeezed me against her. When she was done, she released me, and lay under me, seemingly in total relaxation. I was not finished yet and I continued to lick up the incredibly delicious juices from her upper pussy while fucking her lower pussy, until I climaxed, ejaculating directly into her. Usually, I wear a condom when making love to one of my lady friends but I saw no need for one with Zuzie.

After resting for a few minutes, I rolled off her and sat on the side of the bed. She got up and sat beside me, apparently believing we were through for the night, despite what I had told her were my intentions.

"That was wonderful, George. Once again, you have done what I once thought wasn't even possible. Do you want to rest for a while before I send you back to Earth?"

"We're not through yet, Zuzie. I intend to make you grock three times, like I said I would."

"That would be even more wonderful and truly amazing, but I don't see how you can. I see that when you grocked, you squirted your juices into me, and that usually means you are done penetrating until the next day or even later."

"I think I have a way but I need to find out some things first. The first time I was here, you told me how you can masturbate at home but not when you are here because it takes a complicated machine to do it."

That's right. The Zoopian government won't let me bring my grocking machine with me. They say it would distract me too much from my observations and that it would take up too much space. Personally, I think they are just too Victorian. Is that the right word? Victorian?"

"That's the right word. That or puritanical, and I think you're right. Governments on Earth are usually that way too. Does your grocking machine massage your side receptors for you?"

"Mine does. It's the top of the line model. On the cheaper ones, the user has to use these. She spread out the ends of her upper limbs. The ends were similar to human hands, and she demonstrated by crossing her limbs and holding either of her breasts in one of her hands. "I could do this if I had to but I prefer having the machine do all the work. It's a lot more fun that way and worth the extra cost."

"Is there any difference between your hands and those of a penetrator?"

"No. Except for the differences in individuals, of course. Some penetrators have hands that are bigger than mine or bonier or are different in other ways."

"I know you can't have a penetrator come and visit you but you can have another receptor come over here to call on you, the way Tomiss did, can't you?"

"Yes, within limits. The government would object if we overdid the visiting but a little is allright. They know there won't be any hanky-panky between two receptors because we don't have the right body parts."

"Would another receptor be able to massage your side receptors the way a penetrator does, or the way I did?"

"Why would she ever do a thing like that?"

"Never mind why. Would she be able to do it?"

"I suppose so. We would never do that, though, because there wouldn't be any point. Actually, it would make things worse because there would be increased arousal and horniness but no way to make anybody grock. Why would you ask me such a thing as that?"

"Because I think I might have the answer to your problem." I walked over to the landing platform, picked up the bag that contained the things I had bought that morning. Zuzie looked on the contents with extreme puzzlement when I dumped them onto her sleeping platform. 

"What are these," she asked, picking one of several things up from the pile.

"They're called dildos and Earth women use them sometimes when they masturbate." 

"Yes, I see that now. I have seen them being used by women on your planet but I didn't recognize them loose like they are here. The bigger ones are about the size of lower penetrators and the smaller ones about the size of upper penetrators on Zoop. What's that black thing with the straps?"

The black thing was a strapon but there was no dildo fastened to it. The big dildos could be attached, different sizes, depending on the wishes of the people using them. The smaller dildos were hand held, and were intended to be used by women to get themselves off. I left them lying next to Zuzie's body. Rather than explaining the concept of the strapon to Zuzie, I felt it would be better to demonstrate, so I fastened it around my waist and under my crotch. My cock was flaccid and didn't get in the way, which was one of the reasons I had wanted to cum before demonstrating the toy to Zuzie.

"Which of these penetrators would you want used in your lower receptor?"

She selected the second largest of the three. "A few years ago, I would have chosen the smallest but now, I think the bigger one would be better. Maybe some time when I might be more daring, I would choose the biggest. I know for sure Tomiss would want only the biggest one, the slut."

I fastened her selection to the strapon belt and stood up facing Zuzie. "How would you like to be penetrated by this?" I asked her. Never before in my life having worn anything even remotely like the toy that I had around my waist, I felt almost freakish. I felt off balance too, at the way the huge dildo, so much bigger than my own cock, seemed to be pulling me toward Zuzie. 

"George, that is amazing. I never would have thought of doing such a thing. I can see how it would work, though, with your own upper penetrator doing what it does so well. Do you want to try it out?"

"That's the idea but there's something else I want to use at the same time. Before I start, though, there is one other thing. You now the way I lick and suck your receptors before actually penetrating you? Well, does a penetrator do that?"

"No, never. Not even in pornography."

"Why don't you insist that he has to? He might actually like it, you know. I certainly do, either yours or a female human's."

"I'll try it. Usually they're just out for their own fun but I might get one to do that."

That ended our discussion of oral sex and started the demonstration. As I had done twice before, I began licking her breasts, followed by sucking them and licking her nipples. Zuzie was not very horny after grocking twice already but her arousal slowly grew as I continued my efforts. After a long and very enjoyable time for both of us, she was cooing in pleasure again and her lower pussy was dripping her juices and squirming on her bed. 

Since I was more interested in demonstrating the use of dildos, I didn't lick her pussy, but knelt between her legs and prepared to penetrate her with the toy. It felt extremely awkward, because the dildo was so much bigger than my own cock and I couldn't feel what I was doing. The way her lower body was thrashing on the bed made it just that much harder. As I fumbled around with it at the entrance to Zuzie's lower pussy, I gained a certain amount of respect for women who sometimes make use of one of the unwieldy things. My clumsy attempts did at least serve the purpose of coating the tip with her juices, which would be lubrication when I finally got on target and was able to penetrate her.
