 Venus and I began running in the direction of that scream. It was not a long drawn out screech, but rather a quick loud sound that dissipated as soon it was uttered. Because it was so brief, we could only guess at its general direction, but that we seemed to be in agreement about where it had come from gave us hope that we were headed towards it.

I think it was while I was running that I realized there appeared to be some sort of path through the whole place, and also, that the cavern was separated into distinct areas. The area we had left had been populated by a sporadic number of alien creatures. We soon found ourselves running into a different area, where the 'vegetation' was a lot lusher.

I use the term 'vegetation' loosely here, and I had no doubt that the alien creatures here were no less threatening to Venus' virginity, given their physiology: Long thick stems topped by large pink bulbs; tendrils of different lengths and widths coiling and uncoiling as we ran past.

I tried to keep Venus running on the centre of the path because I didn't want her to be grabbed by one of these creatures. By then, I could already see what it was these things did to young women.

Just ahead, we saw Angie, the young helper at the canteen I regularly went to. Angie is the opposite of Venus: Small and slender, with slim hips and fair skin, and hair cut into a short bob, she was really quite a cutie and rather popular with the boys on campus... as well as the older men working in that same canteen. She usually wore a tee-shirt and shorts, along with a white cap and a cheerful smile.

Not even that smile was present on her when we finally got close enough to see what was going on. From a distance, all I saw was a white, wildly twisting body, seemingly entangled in a web of some sort. She was struggling so much I couldn't even tell which were her legs and arms.

As we drew nearer, the picture grew clearer. Angie had become entangled in one of those massive plants, her limbs held apart by thick tendrils. Apparently, she had already been 'anchored', because I could see a tendril as thick as my arm embedded in her ass. The alien had also been taking liberties with the nubile young girl -- her pink vulva was glistening with juices -- but that was not what stopped us both short.

As we got nearer, we saw her body being lifted so that she was held horizontal to the ground. To our horror, the alien plant began drawing her legs further and further apart, exposing her privates to our eyes. Then, as her labia slipped apart to reveal her wet hole, the oversized bulb lurking just below her vagina plunge right in.

Angie jerked as if she had been shocked. I could see her thigh muscles strain to close her legs to prevent the alien penetration, but it was all futile. Venus gasped as she watched the girl's pussy spread wide and slide shut behind the bulb that was pushing into her trembling body. "Oh shit!" she exclaimed, and stopped in her tracks. Perhaps the memories of her recent escapes from alien rape were still haunting her.

I was unburdened by such concerns, so I continued moving towards poor Angie. It looked like the thing had fully distended her sheath -- I could see her flat stomach rippling with the movement of that bulb deep within. Then I saw her white thighs shivering as if electric currents were running through her, and realized that she was coming. As if to confirm my assumption, copious amounts of liquid began flowing out from around the stem protruding into her pussy.

I stopped for a moment when I was just a few feet away from her bulging vulva, wondering if the damage had already been done. Should I try to save Angie and risk Venus' and my safety? Or should we just continue on our way and try to ignore the weakening struggles of the girl being fucked by the alien creature?

Venus seemed to read my mind when she called out "What are you waiting for? Help her, Mike!"

With that encouragement, I waded into the plant, hoping that it did not have similar designs on males of my species. There were a few uncomfortable moments when some of the tendrils ran up my legs, but they seemed to be greatly discouraged when they touched my balls and fell away instantly. Really, though... they were feathery and soft, and didn't help my raging erection at all.

When I reached poor Angie's body, the thing had been inside her for some amount of time, and because I couldn't see her face, I couldn't tell what her reaction was. Reasoning that her scream and the struggles we saw were good enough as evidence of her unwillingness to participate in this congress, I decided to pull the thing in her ass out first. 

I don't know why I decided that way... maybe I felt that what went in first should come out first. Anyway, I yanked that sucker out, noting how her asshole was clutching tightly at it as it slipped out. Apparently, her orgasms were still going on. Having the plug in her butt removed seemed to galvanise Angie though, and she began struggling with renewed vigour. "Help! Help me!" she screamed. Obviously, this plant did not paralyse its victims. "Please... help!"

At that point, I heard Venus yelling behind me. "Stop! Don't! Stop that! Mike!" It didn't occur to me to question why she would ask me to stop doing what I was doing when she was encouraging me earlier, but it made me hesitate enough for me to see two lumps sliding quickly up the stem, and push past Angie's helpless vulva into her body.

"Shit! I can't stand by and watch this," I thought to myself, and reached out to pull the intruding prong out of Angie's pussy. I didn't know why Venus had wanted me to stop, but I couldn't just let this go on. Not with this poor young woman begging for help right in front of me. As I pulled it out, I noted the extent to which Angie's reddened vulva lips had to stretch just to let it out. The girl was certainly able to take it.

It was so big I wasn't surprised to hear her gasp as the widest part of the bulb passed out of her, leaving a gaping hole that quickly recovered and disappeared behind a once-more demure pussy. It was a nice one too... Angie's pussy, I mean... not too hairy and an 'inny', just like Venus' -- not for me the thick pouty inner labia that some women have.

But I digress. As I pulled the bulb out of her, there was a deluge of vaginal fluid that exploded out of Angie, hitting me on the chest. I think she must have felt the sudden emptiness down between her legs because she started struggling even more. Her legs were flailing even more wildly and I was almost kicked a couple of times before I managed to grab on to the vines holding her legs and pull them off. The white flesh of her thighs was soft and smooth, almost creamy to touch, and I can't say I didn't enjoy holding on to her thighs as I pulled her towards me, away from her alien attacker.

I was finally able to pull her out of the mass of tendrils to safety in the middle of the rough path Venus was on. I say 'was' because Venus was no longer on it. Apparently, she had called out to me for help for herself and the scream to 'stop' was not directed at me, but at the alien currently attacking her.

OK, this one was quite different from the previous aliens that had attempted to take advantage of her. This alien had several fist-sized bulbs surrounded by needles on the ends of some very long tentacles. It just simply looked nasty, and it had my Venus in the grasp of its many smaller tentacles.

At that point, I was already a little winded... the fight with the alien that had been fucking Angie in the ass and pussy had taken quite a bit out of me, and I didn't know if I had the strength to get Venus away from her attacker. To her credit, she appeared to have put up a good fight, for it was only as I was panting on all fours, trying to catch my breath that I saw what the alien meant for her.

Turning her around, the plant thrust out its largest bulb, which extended its needles. I watched as her buttocks were pulled apart and the needles inserted into the flesh around her anus. She yelled, struggling harder to break away from it, but the plant was relentless. The needles spread outwards, pushing her anus apart and opening her up in preparation for penetration. Once more, I got to see Venus' cute pink anus yawning wide. Her ring was twitching in a vain attempt to hold keep her rectum safe, but her ass muscles were no match for the alien and its needles.

I felt rather than saw Angie suddenly throw herself forward, reaching for the probe intended for Venus' rectum. That action stirred me into motion, and I jumped towards the plant, trying to pull its prong away from the gaping maw of Venus' asshole.

For the first time today, raw strength didn't work. I don't know if I was tired or if I was simply too weak, but the needles stayed embedded in groove of her ass and all I achieved was a close-up view as the bulb began penetrating her back passage.

"Stop it! Stop it!" Venus screamed. "Why is this always happening to me?" I tried again, but to no avail. About a quarter of the huge bulb was protruding into her, and the pressure was such that her pink anal ring was disappearing into the pale flesh of her buttocks. "Ahhh! It's going in! Stop it! Mike!" she screamed.

I couldn't see what Angie was doing at that point, and to be honest, I didn't really care. Venus was about to be sodomised by the largest knob we'd seen in this crazy place, and I wasn't sure I would be able to get this one out, once it got all the way in.

I pulled at it again, but there was absolutely no give at all. This was not an easy fight, like the others had been. This alien was nasty, and it meant business. By this time, Venus' ass had swallowed almost half of the thing into her rectum, and it looked like she might tear in half as the widest part began pressing inwards. "Ooooh! Oh! Mike! Stop it! Please! It... it's too big... I can't... can't take it..." she gasped. Her thighs were trembling, perhaps from the strain, and her anal ring... well, it looked like it had opened up wide enough for me to put a grapefruit through.

I decided to try another tactic to save Venus from being ass-raped again. Reaching down, I pulled at the creature, threatening to pull it up by the roots. Again, I can't really explain why I did so... I think my reasoning then was that if they were indeed plant-like in nature, they would not appreciate being uprooted.

My hypothesis turned out to be correct. The alien creature quickly withdrew from her ass and released its hold on her. Venus fell backwards onto me, and Angie sagged against me too. It was only then that I realized that the plant had had a better range of weapons then most of the other creatures we had come across thus far. As they leaned on me, I saw long thin needles retract from the nipples of both girls, and realized that their breasts had grown significantly from this encounter.

I can't say it was as noticeable on Venus as it was on Angie. You see, Angie was small-sized in every department, including her breasts. After the 'needle treatment' given by the alien, her breasts had grown from a teacup-sized A to a much more impressive C. Venus, after closer examination, had grown to possibly an E or F. Since there wasn't any scale to measure them against, it was kind of hard to tell. Suffice to say, they were rather more impressive after the alien's needle treatment.

The girls told me later that they had not realized their nipples were being pierced until they felt something cold being pumped into their breasts, so focused were they on fighting the alien creature. Idly, I wondered what the alien's purpose was, in pumping up their breasts. I didn't bring it up though, because I didn't want the girls to worry... Instead, I asked Angie if she hadn't been concerned about her own safety when she went to Venus' aid.

Angie admitted that she had fought the alien even though she knew a similar fate awaited her if she succumbed. I hadn't noticed it then, but she told me that it had managed to slip one of its buds into the groove of her buttocks, spread them, then plant the needles and spread her asshole for penetration. The alien had only managed to get the tip of its bulb into her anus when I finally managed to stop it from carrying out its evil intentions.

For Venus, the experience was apparently less traumatizing than her previous encounters. Or perhaps she was happy that she had found someone else who had shared the same (or worse) experience. She was able to describe how she had stepped back to watch me fight my way to free Angie, and had inadvertently stepped into the clutches of the alien. She had yelled when she realized that she was in danger but had not wanted me to stop helping Angie... it was just her way of letting me know she needed help.

Both girls compared notes on the relatively painless nature of their anal experiences while acknowledging the sheer size of the intruding probes would likely have hurt a great deal under more normal circumstances. And Angie had blushed while she described how the alien's intrusion into her ass and private parts had caused her more pleasure than discomfort after a while.

We finally got Angie to tell us the story of how she had got into this dimension. She said she had turned up for work at the canteen as usual at 8.30 in the morning and had just gotten herself a nice cup of tea to start the day when she suddenly found herself standing stark naked in a cavern. There had been others with her -- the canteen had been open and running, although the number of customers had not been high -- and the first thing everyone had done was scream and try to find something to hide their privates from view. When they had realized that they were no longer in familiar surroundings and that there was nary a leaf or piece of paper in sight to hide their parts behind, the men had suddenly decided that it was to their advantage to have naked girls about, and had set about trying to catch hold of them.

Poor Angie had had to run away from the attentions of the old man who sold her the tea -- he had told her he had fancied her for some time and often fantasized about what she looked like naked and how she would love it when he fucked her -- and she had left the pandemonium behind as she sped off. 

She hadn't had to run very far (he was too old to keep up with her), and when she finally sneaked back for a look at what had happened to the rest, she had been horrified. Some of the girls were being raped and sodomised by the alien creatures, while the men remained unmolested. The men had taken advantage of this by offering the girls safety in their midst, but only if the girls agreed to have sex with them. The old man was one of several men in this group, and she could see the disgust on their faces even as the girls agreed -- obviously having sex with an old fart was still better than being fucked by an alien.

Angie admitted that she had considered joining the group but felt that she would prefer to be free and take her chances with the aliens than be a sex slave to a group of men. She had set off in no particular direction -- she wanted to be as far away from that group as possible -- and ended up here, where she had carelessly moved too close to the plant and gotten entangled by its tendrils. She had screamed when it first attacked her, then she had decided to save her strength for her struggles as the fight for freedom had intensified. She hadn't even known we were nearby, nor that I was trying to help her, until she felt the thing in her ass fall out of her.

As she finished her story, she made no mention of the two lumps that I'd seen pass into her body. I thought it best not to remind her, and assumed that they had fallen out of her when she had been released by the plant. After all, I know that the vagina is a muscular tube that does little to keep things inside without support, unless and until its owner decides otherwise. There was no way they would've remained inside her without her wanting them to be.

Venus was looking at Angie, her big brown eyes shining with concern. She told me later that she felt for her, for having actually been raped and sodomised by the alien creature and having lived through the experience. She was also touched by Angie's non-hesitation in jumping in to help her, in spite of the danger and the fact that she had only recently been an unwilling sex partner to an alien creature.

For her part, I thought Angie was just as tough and brave as Venus, although they were as unlike each other physically as I was from any of the alien plants. Each girl had plenty of heart and was smart. It helped too that both were really pleasant to look at, and that they had only recently had their chest sizes enhanced. The women joked that they now looked like schoolboy caricatures with their larger breasts, but truth be told, I'll probably not see too many large breasted women with boobs as perky as theirs.

Then I started telling Angie my story about finding Venus and led into my theory about how this place was another dimension altogether. I left out the part where I'd pushed Venus onto the alien to get into this alternate reality, and just skimmed over how Venus had been attacked while peeing, for which I could see Venus was pretty grateful.

Angie was relieved to have at least some sort of explanation for what had happened, and thanked us again for coming to her aid. "I can't imagine what would have happened if you hadn't come along," she said. "It could've been worse... that lot of perverts could have come along instead!" They would have probably waited for their turn at her, she opined.

All this storytelling had been conducted on the same narrow path where we had collapsed on after our battles with the aliens. Although the plants waved their tendrils threateningly at us, we seemed to be at a safe enough distance from them, for there to be almost no chance of either girl falling into the clutches of the alien creatures once again.

After we had rested enough, Venus suggested that we get up and try to find a place to rest. It was clear that we needed it... my legs were rubbery and the girls moved like old women as they got to their feet. We agreed that we should look for an area that was clear of any sort of lifeform, and that we would take turns keeping watch while the others tried to rest. This was an alien world, after all, and there was no way we could ever anticipate what could happen next.

Honestly, I was really glad when we finally found the kind of spot we were looking for after several minutes of walking. I say minutes because that was how long it felt like, even though we no longer had any time reference. We were careful to keep on the clear path that seemed to run through the area and were thrilled when Venus spotted a clearing where she thought we could rest.

We inspected the area carefully. The ground was clean and bare of any sign of life. Venus agreed to squat over the spot we would be sleeping on, just in case there was some alien lurking underground, but there was no reaction at all, even though her delicious peach was hanging just inches from the ground. Encouraged by this, we moved to where she had squatted and got ready for sleep. Venus was to take the first watch, followed by Angie.

Happy to be finally able to rest, I lay down on the bare floor and looked at Angie's very bare, very white back to my left as I drifted off to sleep.