 It was a nice day, not too cool or warm. I was lazing around in my apartment on campus, lying in bed, playing with myself when suddenly, the door opened and in walked Venus. I was shocked to find myself sitting in my chair in my office, naked as the day I was born. I was puzzled at how the scene had changed so suddenly, and worried that she would know she was the reason for my enormous erection. I looked about desperately for something, anything, that I could use to cover myself, from her gaze. As my eyes scanned the office, I realised that she didn't seem to notice or care that I was naked, and that she had come into my office completely in the nude as well. The sweet look on her face had been replaced by a salacious and downright mischievous grin. She certainly didn't seem anything at all like the Venus I knew.

Without much ado, she rushed right in and jumped on my bed, her heavy breasts bouncing. I was back in my room again, still naked, but now with a very saucy looking and equally naked Venus sitting on my calves! The sudden change in environment left me speechless, so I simply watched as she took my cock into her warm mouth and began sucking. It was the most heavenly blowjob, and it took all I had to keep myself from coming into her mouth right away. This was Venus after all, my best student... what would I say to her? What could I say?

I was beside myself with embarrassment and desire in equal measure, unsure of what I should do. Should I stop her from the excellent job she was doing, sucking on my dick like it was a delicious lollipop? If I didn't stop her, how would she react if I blew my load in her mouth? I was trembling with the effort of keeping myself from ejaculating as she pumped her head up and down on my throbbing shaft. God, for a woman who appeared so innocent, Venus was certainly good at what she was doing.

I arched my back, unable to hold it back much longer, feeling the tingling begin at the bottom of my shaft. "God, I'm sorry Venus, I can't hold back," I said to her as she slipped her tongue into the hole at the tip of my cock. "Oh... that's so... deep," I groaned as her tongue began sliding deeper and deeper, down the length of my prick, meeting and passing the tingling, down towards my balls...

"That's not possible!" I thought, and suddenly awoke. I'd had vivid dreams before, but this one was much too vivid for me. In fact, as I slowly became conscious, I realised that I could still feel Venus' tongue pressing downwards, a thin, painless probe that was hellbent on pushing towards my testicles... "Hey! Hey!" I tried to call out, but no sound came from my throat. In a panic, I tried to sit up but found that I could not move. I was stiff as a board, every single part of me.

So I couldn't raise the alarm or rouse the attention of anyone, not even Angie, who was nodding off to the right of me. Apparently, she was on watch duty but had been so tired she'd fallen asleep. I was being attacked by one of the aliens! It was certainly a surprise to me, since the aliens had thus far appeared to only prefer women. Or their orifices, at the very least. I'd not been bothered by the strange creatures at all... up to now.

I watched in silent terror as the tulip-shaped alien worked its way down my shaft. I had no way of knowing what it intended to do -- would it chomp my dick off? -- and the feeling of something long reaching down into my cock was discomfiting, to say the least. It was warm, almost hot, and when it touched my balls, I screamed out in my head -- it felt like my prick and balls had been set on fire.

I don't think I managed to make a noise, but somehow, Angie awoke from her slumber and noticed what was happening. I couldn't raise my head but I could see her move to my side, exclaim softly, and then quickly remove the thing that was perched on my hard-on. She squashed it by stamping on it, turned to me and exclaimed again, and I immediately knew why.

The fire that was burning in my cock and balls had not abated. Worse, my cock seemed to be pulsing and growing with each passing second. Angie had apparently noticed it too, because she frantically called out to Venus to wake up. "Look! Look! An alien's attacked Mike!"

"What the..?" Venus was quickly awake and I could tell she was staring at my hard-on. That didn't help matters in the least -- I could feel my dick harden and expand even more as she did. "Is he... alright?"

"I'm not sure," replied Angie. She sounded as panicky as I felt. "I... fell asleep and when I woke up, I saw this alien thing on his dick."

"His eyes are open," said Venus, noticing that I was looking at them. I couldn't move, but at least my eyes could. "And he seems to be able to see us so..."

"Yeah, I think he knows what's happening," said Angie. "But he's not making any fuss or anything like that."

"I think it's... the alien thing has sort of drugged him or made him unable to react," said Venus. "That kind of happened to us too when they attacked us, remember?"

"OK, well, I got rid of it," said Angie. "But his cock doesn't look good. It's getting bigger and bigger, and it looks like it could explode if we don't do something about it!" 

Venus nodded in agreement. "Poor Mike. I think we need to help him. But what can we do?"

"I don't know," Angie replied. "Look, it's leaking something too!" She pointed to the tip of my now 10-inch dick. I could feel the fluid flowing from the tip of my tool, and if anything, it felt even hotter than my dick. Venus looked at it, blushed and said: "Maybe if we... rubbed it, it will..?"

Without hesitation, Angie grabbed my cock and tried to pump her hands up and down on it. I say 'tried' and 'hands' because it was getting wider as well as longer. Angie was right. It looked like it would explode. Hell, it felt like it would explode. I struggled to tell the girls not to worry, we would figure something out. But I couldn't even signal to them with my fingers. The damned alien thing had apparently paralysed me completely.

Angie stopped trying to give me a handjob after a few moments, realising that it was futile. "I think... I know... what to do," she said, looking at me straight in the eye and avoiding Venus' gaze.

Then, before anyone could say or do anything else, she stood up and walked forward, placing her feet on either side of my hips. Quickly, as if she was afraid she would change her mind, she sat down on my fattening cock. Her eyes fluttered shut and she seemed to take a deep breath as she did so. She told me later that she had acted on the first thought that occurred to her, and since I had taken the trouble to save her from the alien that had attacked her, she felt she owed it to me to give it a try, no matter what the cost or risk to her life.

It made quite a strange sight indeed, even given the strange sights I'd seen all day: slender and cute Angie sitting on a fat purple seat on top of a veined pulsing column. Angie, the girl whose smile I'd gotten used to seeing every time I ate at the canteen, naked on top of my cock. It was an almost cartoonish sight. Then I felt something give before my dick head and the fat purple cushion disappeared into her. Her vagina had opened up and swallowed my massive head into her!

My head swam with the thought. Granted, Angie was cute and her snatch was tighter than anything I'd ever felt before (maybe my swollen condition contributed to that), but my worry was that I had felt the alien creature inject something into my balls before she had removed it. It meant I was possibly 'infected' in some way... and I had no way of letting Angie know she was in danger. I tried again to move my fingers, to communicate the danger to Angie or Venus. But there was nothing I could do, I was completely helpless.

Angie's eyes remained closed and she sighed as she sank an inch or so more onto my cock. It was an incredible sight, both scary and arousing, to see this slender woman's pussy stretched so widely around my cock. Her thick pink vulval lips were stretched until they appeared white as snow as they gaped around my massive shaft.

The sensation was also very intense, the way her flesh parted and moved aside as I probed up deeper and deeper into her secret flesh. My cock must've been very hot, because her pussy felt cool in contrast. In fact, her vagina was a soothing balm to my heated flesh, so much so that I wanted her to push it all up inside her, to cram her pussy with all of my aching, burning cock in spite of my reservations about infecting her.

All this while, Angie breathed shallowly as she sank lower and lower, until I reached the end of her sheath. I must say at that point, I was a little disappointed... the additional 2 inches length of my cock still outside her burned like crazy even while the rest inside her felt so comfortably cool. If I had had the ability to move, there was an even chance I would have slammed the rest of my cock into her... so I was also glad for the paralysis that kept me still under her.

Then she exclaimed "So hot! Hot!" and quickly raised herself upwards, off of my cock. There was no suggestion that she was about to remove my prick from her vagina, though. As she pulled up and her soothing liquid spilled out of her and dribbled down my cock, she exclaimed, "Oh! So itchy! So itchy!", and slammed herself back down onto me. This began to happen with increasing frequency and I suspected the alien liquid flowing out of my cock had something to do with it. But there was nothing I could do about it in my state so I lay back and enjoyed the ride, watching her now-enhanced breasts with their pronounced pink nipples bouncing before my eyes.

And what a ride it was too! She fucked herself up and down on my cock so frantically her nipples began to blur. At some point, I felt embarrassed that this was happening in front of Venus, who must have found it distressing, but whom I could not see because she had moved to the side.

After a while, she began gasping as she thrust herself downwards. I realised that more of my prick was embedded inside her. "Ohhh... Mike!" moaned Angie as she pushed down. "Ohhh... it... your cock is... it's opening me up inside! Ohhh fuck!"

That was not a complaint, it was a statement of fact. She didn't let up on fucking herself on my huge erection, and as she kept up her pumping rhythm, I felt my cock head pressing hard at a barrier deep inside her, a thick, muscular obstruction that I knew was Angie's cervix. She was intent on thrusting my oversized cock into her inner sanctuary! She was grunting as she shoved herself all the way down, her hungry pussy greedily swallowing up my cock in its fat entirety.

That meant more of my dick went into her soothing depths, of course, and I was glad for the relief I felt from the burning sensation down there, but I worried about what would happen next. I think she could feel what was happening too, but instead of stopping, she increased her speed, slamming herself down as quickly as she could after pulling herself almost all the way up and off my twitching cock.

The squelching, slapping sounds seemed to meld into a continuous sound as Angie's pussy swallowed my prick again and again. Finally, I felt something give inside her. Her almond-shaped eyes widened as my cock head penetrated her muscular cervix and delved into her very womb. She stopped for a moment and I savoured the feeling of such tightness clasping at my cock just behind the head, then she began thrusting herself up and down, not seeming to mind the way my cock was popping in and out of her uterus.

I tried to hold back. I swear I did, but I couldn't help myself. Angie was no slouch, and the sight of her slender white body shivering as it slammed my fat salami of a cock into and out of her straining pussy drove me over the edge. That, and the way her pussy and cervix seemed to have lives of their own, grasping and pulling at my erection.

I came torrents into her, and I mean torrents. I actually felt the spunk leave my balls and travel the length of my dick to spurt deep into her womb. It happened just as she slammed herself down on me too, her groin mashing with mine as we achieved the deepest penetration of her insides. I think the feeling of my fluid splashing inside her threw her over too, because it immediately began feel like she was wrenching my cock off with her clenching pussy.

I don't know how long it was before I was done, but Angie did not move a fraction of an inch while I shot my sperm and god knows what else into her. I only know that I'd never come like that before, and the feeling drained me, if not physically, then mentally. I'd noticed Angie in the canteen before -- she was after all the prettiest girl there -- but never in my wildest dreams did I ever imagine she would be fucking herself on my cock so savagely.

After I was done, Venus suddenly moved -- I'd forgotten all about her and not noticed what she was doing all this while -- and helped lift the tired girl off my still erect cock. Angie's idea had worked though... while it was still hard, it was not as big as before. And it seemed to have stopped growing, even though it was still pulsing and hot. As my still-erect cock popped out of Angie's exhausted pussy, I noted with dismay that very little of the yellowish liquid still leaking from my cock had dribbled from her pussy -- meaning that in all probability, my alien-infected spunk was now sloshing about within her womb.

In the meantime, I found that I could raise my head and move my fingers. I still couldn't speak though, so I couldn't object when Venus lowered herself onto my erection. I shook my head to object but she would have none of it... Angie's example had shown her just what had to be done, and as I've said before, Venus is not one to shy away from things that had to be done.

Venus' lower parts approached my still impressive cock. I estimated it to be at least 8 inches in length after Angie's intervention, and Venus looked both scared and determined as she sat on my cock like Angie had.

My poor Venus! I tried harder to move, to stop it from happening, but she bore down, and I felt her flesh give. Then I realized that she had offered her asshole to me. She told me later that she felt nervous about putting my swollen prick into her virgin pussy, so she used her ass instead, hoping it would work just as well.

I should say that her rectum was just as soothing and cool as Angie's vagina had been, but also that Venus' anus was really tight. I could see why the aliens had been so quick to fuck her in the backside. As she sank down towards my groin, I saw that she was holding her breath -- her impressive boobs did not rise and fall as they normally did -- and that she was holding me in a steady gaze.

Venus' ass was a heavenly glove wrapped around my swollen dick, and as she swallowed me completely into her backside, I felt my balls ache for release. I tried my best to stop myself from coming into her, but she didn't help at all. Just like Angie, she exclaimed about how hot and itchy my cock was making her rectal passage feel, and set about pumping her ass up and down my erection.

I'm only a man after all, and I don't think any normal person would have been able to control himself as well as I did. I didn't come into Venus' ass until she started moaning and mashing her loins up hard against mine. The combination of her wet pussy rubbing on my lower belly and the twisting, gripping motion of her rectum on my cock made me come even harder into her ass. If I'd thought that Angie's pussy had drained me, Venus' anus almost sucked the life out of me. At least, that was how it felt like to me. I didn't know how it would end, the way my sperm was rushing out of my balls and into her backside.

I don't know how long it took before my orgasm subsided, but she looked as exhausted as I felt. As she slowly raised herself off me, my cock popped out of her asshole, along with what felt like gallons of funky-smelling semen that coated my abdomen and thighs. I was relieved to find that I could finally speak.

"Girls... you shouldn't have done that..." I began, but Venus shushed me. "There was no other alternative," she said. "We were running out of options and we didn't have any other ideas about what would work. If we hadn't done it, I don't know what would have happened to you..."

"Yes, and we certainly need you around," continued Angie, sitting up. She was no longer gasping from our encounter, although she did look a little worse for the wear. She winced as she shifted and got to her feet, her eyes locked on to mine. "Mike, you're our best chance of getting out of here, so we're not going to let anything happen to you."

I shook my head. The stiffness was slowly draining out of my limbs and it was relief to finally be able to talk. "No, that was really too risky," I protested. "You shouldn't have..."

"Do you mean you didn't enjoy it?" teased Venus. "It certainly felt like you did." Angie laughed and nodded in agreement. "That was certainly a most fulfilling experience for me," she added, patting her belly. When we saved her from the alien, it had been flat as a board, but now, there was a barely noticeable bulge in her lower abdomen. It rippled as she patted it, as if her womb was full of fluid.

"No, you know what I meant," I began, trying to ignore the naughty sparkle in Venus' eyes. "I think I might have been inf..."

"It doesn't matter," Venus interrupted me. "It doesn't matter because we had to do the necessary thing to help you before that alien thing exploded your... cock."

"Yeah," agreed Angie. "We need you around to help us fight these plants. These aliens. So far, that's the only alien we've seen that's attacked you. Most of them seem to prefer attacking us, so we certainly could do with your assistance. You're no good to us lying there stiff as a board."

"Oh, I don't know Angie," giggled Venus. "I thought he was pretty useful being stiff."

"Girls!" I frowned, trying to look serious even as I was surprised by Venus' ribald joke. Appearances were certainly deceiving. "OK, I'm not going to go on about it. What's done is done. I'm just asking you to think about the consequences of your actions. I don't know how... what I've done to you..."

"Well, I know what you've done," said Angie, reaching over to kiss me on the cheek. "You've given me the deepest, best fuck of my life!" I saw Venus blush as she nodded. She clearly had enjoyed it too, although she didn't say it. My groin was still damp with traces of her vaginal fluid.

"Umm... Pr... Mike, what's next?" Venus queried, trying to change the subject. I shook my head to clear it as I looked about. This room looked just about the same as the previous room we had been in, apart from the alien vegetation dotting the landscape. In fact, I would venture to say that at that point, I was no longer sure that we were actually moving through rooms... it just seemed that way, because of the distinct differences in the aliens we were encountering. This was obviously where the aliens attacked the men, although for what purpose we were as yet unable to establish.

I glanced worriedly at Angie's abdomen. It was clear my (alien) semen was still sloshing about inside, and also that she enjoyed the feeling when she moved. "Oooooh," she moaned suddenly, and I saw a trickle of thick yellowish fluid drooling from her pursed pussy lips and drip down the inside of her thigh.

"Shit! I can't..." I began as I tried to get on my feet and failed. "Here, let me help," Angie volunteered, reaching down and grabbing at me just under my right armpit. Venus had reached down but was looking away from me, at some distant point in the direction we were headed. I peered in the general direction as her right hand came up. She was pointing at something in the distance.

"Look... look!" she exclaimed. "I know... I know that girl. That's Melanie! Mel! Over here!"