 Mel, or Melanie, was another one of my students. She was also Venus' buddy, and they were often seen studying together. They made quite a pair, Mel and Venus, not least because they were so different -- where Venus was tall and curvaceous, Mel was smaller built and slender. Venus' skin was a lovely bronze whilst Mel's was a creamy white. And where Venus' hair was a short bob, Mel's beautiful tresses reached almost to her waist. Mel was, in truth, a nice combination of both Venus and spunky little Angie.

I'd heard some rumours amongst the boys that they were lesbians because of the amount of time they spent together. I'd dismissed the notion as 'sour grapes' because the guys on campus never seemed to have any luck with either of the girls. But it was clear that the two girls were exceptionally close friends, so it was perhaps understandable that the guys had come to such a conclusion.

Perhaps that was why Venus was able to recognise her best friend from such a distance. Both Angie and I looked at the approaching figure and for life of us, we couldn't really tell who it was. All that was clear to me was that it was a naked young woman (from the jiggling breasts and general body shape) who appeared disoriented and was stumbling along. Angie looked at me and shrugged, signalling her own uncertainty.

Venus, being Venus, was absolutely certain, and set off running towards her friend. "Hey!" I shouted. "Hey Venus!" I wanted to remind her about sticking together, but she clearly wasn't listening. "Forget it, Mike," said Angie, grabbing hold of my lower arm. "She's not listening. We'd better go after her."

"Right," I said. "Let's!" With that, we trotted off, unable to muster up the same amount of enthusiasm or speed Venus was showing. I was still a little worn out from fucking Angie and Venus, and Angie didn't seem to have recovered completely too. Also, our strange surroundings and the constant attacks from the alien plants had left us a little wary. We really didn't know what to expect in this weird alternate plane we'd found ourselves in.

Venus reached her friend while we were still some distance away. We could see her go right up to Mel, grab her by her shoulders, look into her eyes, and pull her close. We couldn't hear any words being said as the two women embraced. Maybe they were just relieved to find someone familiar in an unfamiliar place.

As we approached the two girls, I realised that they were still locked in a tight embrace. Worse, they did not seem to be moving. An alarm rang in my head, just as Angie turned to me and said: "Something's wrong." I nodded, and we picked up our speed, running as fast as our aching muscles would allow.

Only when we were close enough was I able to see that I was right -- Venus was being held in place by her friend, and a greenish looking vine connected their pussies. "Look! Look at her mouth!" shouted Angie, and I realised that there was another vine snaking from Mel's mouth to Venus'. "Venus!" I yelled. "Get away from there!"

She couldn't respond, of course -- her eyes were open and unseeing. Dear lord, my Venus was being possessed by the alien in Mel's body. Angie and I reached the two women at the same time, and we each grabbed one girl by the shoulders and tried yanking them apart. No dice. They were locked tightly together, Venus' impressive hooters pressed up hard against Mel's smaller ones. Damn. Was this the end of the road for Venus?

"Grab the thing in their mouths!" shouted Angie. "I'll remove the other one!" I did as she bade, managing to pull an impressively long and thick vine from the girls' throats after a few hefty heaves. Shit. What about their..?

I looked down and saw Angie struggling to pull the alien out from the girls' pussies. As she yanked at the green vine connecting the girls, her fingers were slipping all over it, and ended up right against Mel's slit. It looked almost as if she was... playing with the girl's cunt. Feeling a little guilty for that flash of horny insight, I decided to help her. I motioned to her to keep pulling at Mel's end while I knelt down in front of Venus. Her reddened labia formed an upside down V right in front of my eyes, and as I looked, I could see the alien pulsing as it moved within her body. I gripped the alien vine at a point right next to her velvety pink valley, and used my own weight to press down on the alien invader.

I felt it give a little and gave a whoop of joy. "It's coming out! Pull, Angie!" I urged the girl behind me as I doubled my efforts. Venus' vulva bulged as its green invader slowly slipped out. I could feel the thing sag towards the floor, so I knew that Angie was having some success removing it from Mel too.

As the alien plant twisted and fought to slip back into Venus' vagina, I wrapped both hands tightly round the stem of the slippery vine and heaved with all my strength, noting how the huge bulbous tip distended Venus' pussy lips as it passed out of her. When it was finally clear of her, the poor girl collapsed on the floor, clearly overcome by the damned chemicals that had held her in place while the alien raped her. "Hey! Mike!" I heard Angie exclaim behind me and turned to look at her.

She had successfully removed the alien from Mel's body (now lying crumpled on the floor next to her), but the net result of her efforts was that the alien had switched its focus to her. Her eyes wide with fear, she was holding on to the stem of the alien vine whose tip had disappeared into her pussy. As I watched, the other end (the one that had been inside Venus) twisted and snaked its way up her inner thigh. It was clearly aiming to get inside her any way it could -- and that meant her asshole was about to be penetrated.

"Mike! Help! Me!" she called out desperately. I suppose it was shock that made me hesitate. That, and the fact that it looked a lot like Angie was fucking herself on the alien vine, the way it kept fighting her, twisting and surging in her hands and pushing into her as she kept pulling at it to keep it out. She was trying hard to stop it from going in any further than it had, but it didn't look like she was having any success. Yeah, I was kind of admiring the scene too, I guess. By the time I did anything, the alien's bulb had disappeared into her anal orifice.

"Mike! Help! It hurts!" she cried out again, and I sprang into action, scooting over to kneel in front of her as I reached out and caught hold of the end embedded within her rectum. Having achieved a beachhead in her backside, the alien wasn't giving up without a fight. I had to pull at it again and again, and watch her anal ring bulge out, slowly open, then quickly close again as I almost, but not quite managed, to pull it out. I suppose that under other circumstances, watching something like that might have been arousing, but my ears were filled with Angie's squeals and moans as the battle for her ass raged on. 

After a while, I felt my arms begin to tremble and realised I was getting tired, but then, so was the alien, apparently. After a mighty surge it thrust itself deeper into Angie's asshole, pushing the stretched pink ring into her buttocks. She screamed, "Oh god, Mike! It's going... deep! Too deep!" and I knew I had to get it out pronto. I gritted my teeth and leant down on the damned thing with whatever remaining strength I had. I knew I would not be able to keep fighting the alien for much longer, and thankfully for Angie, I didn't have to.

Her asshole yawned wide, then snapped shut as I pulled the damned thing down and out of her rectum. Yanking the rest of the alien out of Angie's vagina was a piece of cake in comparison. My arms were so tired after that effort, and the fucking alien so slippery that I dropped it on the floor despite my best efforts to hold on to the squirming bastard. It wriggled about on the floor for a bit, then it seemed to gather its wits and began crawling like a snake towards the still-unconscious Venus.

Fuck, it wasn't going to have another bite of her cherry. Not while I was around. In spite of my tiredness I got up and quickly stomped down on it, just happening to put my full weight on the bulbous part. The alien suddenly burst like an overripe grape, spewing greenish liquid all over my foot and calf. It was viscous and sweet-smelling, and my stomach suddenly growled. "Shit, I'm fucking hungry," I thought. After all, we hadn't eaten anything for what seemed like a long time. I looked at the crushed alien plant under my foot. It was a mess, but it certainly smelled wonderful. Should I..? I wasn't sure if it was a good idea to eat any alien, or anything from the plant-like things that were constantly attacking us. What would that stuff do to our bodies?

I heard the sound of someone falling to the ground behind me and remembered my partner-in-rescue Angie. She had risked herself to save Venus and Mel, and I'd forgotten about the poor girl. I turned around and saw her lying on her back, her eyes closed. Maybe she'd fainted, maybe she was just too tired... or maybe she was hurt. I couldn't tell... and even if I did find out she was hurt, there was little I could do. No clothes, no pockets, no first aid kit. Damn this alien place.

Ignoring the now deflated alien at my feet, I dropped to my knees next to the young woman's body. It gleamed with her sweat in the half-light, and I could see her chest rising as she breathed. She was alright. At least, she was breathing. And as I watched her breathe, I realised that her breasts were leaking.

Yes, that sounds weird, I know, but up to now, there was very little about this place that wasn't weird. I could see a clear yellowish liquid well up at the very tips of her nipples, and I just couldn't help myself anymore. I leant forward and took a tentative suck. It didn't taste like milk -- maybe it would've been even weirder if it had tasted like milk -- but it tasted good: a sweetish, musky taste that made my stomach growl even more. Putting aside any last reservations I had about doing this to an unconscious woman, i placed my hands round her breast and covered her nipple completely with my mouth as I began sucking in earnest.

My mouth was immediately filled with the sweet nectar from her breast, and I wondered if this development had anything to do with the earlier attack by the alien plant, which had skewered the girls' breasts while they fought. Perhaps it had prepared the girls' mammary glands to provide food.

I drank deeply as I wondered about this, and was suddenly surprised by a movement beside me. Venus had regained her senses, and seized Angie's other breast. She began suckling at Angie's teat with as much (if not more) enthusiasm as I had.

I can't tell you how long we sucked at Angie's breasts, but after a while, I realised the girl was conscious. She was moaning a fair bit, that was how I knew... clearly, having the two of us sucking on her nipples was enjoyable, to say the least. When we finally stopped, I noticed that her breasts appeared smaller... and that her hand had moved to cover the split of her groin, which was noticeably leaking a small puddle of fluid.

"I... I'm sorry," Venus apologised first. "I... when I came to, I saw Mike sucking... and I... was so hungry I couldn't help it..."

"Um, Angie, I guess I..." I started to explain, but her finger on my lips stopped me. I was right -- she was wet. I could smell and taste her musk on her finger.

"It's alright, guys," she said. "No need to explain."

"I'm actually less tired than I was before," I continued to try. "Maybe drinking from you helped..."

"Yes it did," said Mel, her eyes locked onto mine. I could see a mischievous glint in them. "I... they were getting kind of heavy, after all."

"Speaking of which," Venus piped up. "Mmm... could you guys help..?" She gesticulated at her own overgrown chest.

Angie looked at Venus' huge breasts and literally salivated. "Sure, Venus," she grinned. "Anything to help you. Besides, I think we're going to need the energy after that exercise!"

Without further ado, we set about suckling at Venus' teats with gusto, and I stopped only when she suddenly reminded us about Mel. Squeezing her tit so that a trickle of the golden fluid slipped down the slope of her still impressive breasts, she said: "Maybe getting her to drink some of this will awaken her."

With Angie still sucking furiously at her left breast, Venus crawled over to the unconscious girl and put her tit into her mouth, squeezing at her nipple so that the liquid ran into the unconscious girl's mouth.

Now, that's a sight I don't get to see everyday. One girl sucking on another girl's tit while the other girl is pulling a third girl's face to her breast, urging her to have a suck too. Sitting there and watching them, it suddenly felt a lot like I was looking in on some guy's weird sex fantasy.

Anyway, there was no response from Mel in spite of Venus' urging. I could see she was still breathing, but she wasn't responding at all. Great. Since she was Venus' best pal, it was a sure bet we'd have to bring her along. I'd normally not have a problem with that, except that the whole place was barren and we had nothing around that we could use to fashion a sled or stretcher of some sort. It would probably come down to us having to carry her around, which would slow us down considerably. And given how the alien attacks didn't seem to be letting up, I wasn't sure we could afford to do so.

I think Angie was thinking pretty much the same thing too. Turning to look at me, then back to Venus, who was cradling Mel's head against her breast, she said: "Look, I think we should do something to try to get her awake. I'm not sure we can lug her around in her current state."

Venus didn't say anything, she just nodded her assent. Good. The girl is stubborn, but even she knew that we couldn't afford to slow down in our quest to get out of this place. "What do you suggest we do?" I asked. "We don't have anything on hand, and I'm not sure slapping will work."

"Won't it?" Angie said, and reached over to slap Mel's face lightly. Venus pulled her friend into a sitting position and suddenly said: "Hit her harder!" Angie did as she said, and she hit the girl a few more times before I stopped them. "It's no use," I said. "She's not responding."

"Do you have a better idea then?" Venus challenged. I saw tears in her eyes and my heart melted. My Venus was hurting, and I would do anything to help her. But what? What could we do to get Mel awake? 

"Hey... how about this?" Angie interrupted my thoughts. "How about you fuck her awake?"

"I... what?" I said, incredulously. "You've got to be kidding..."

"Well, it's either that or we throw water on her. Since there's no water around, that means we pee on her, and I don't want to be around if she wakes up and sees all of us doing that," explained Angie. "Can you imagine waking up to that?"

I shook my head, trying not to let the image of the two girls pissing on an unconscious Melanie burn into my mind. "In the absence of any other option, fucking might just be the answer," Angie continued. "You know what? I'd do it, except I don't have the equipment. You're the only one of us that has, Mike, so that means... you're it."

In retrospect, I'll admit that was a pretty lame reason to fuck an unconscious girl, but at the time, it seemed... right. Venus even seemed to be in agreement, standing and pulling her friend up with her as per Angie's instructions. Mel's head sagged to the side as the girls positioned her for penetration, Angie holding on to her left leg while Venus held the right. 

My cock was hard -- it had been so for quite some time, but I hadn't really paid much attention to it till now. As I moved towards the girl, it seemed to me that the head of my dick would not fit into the comparatively tiny slot of the unconscious girl. Angie seemed to concur, instructing Venus to pull her leg upwards so that I would "have more space".

Mel's legs formed an 'M' around her obscenely gaping pussy lips as my prick pressed inwards. She flinched and moaned, and the girls, encouraged by her reaction, urged me on. "Go on and give it to her, Mike," said Venus. "Yeah, give her all of it!" added Angie. "Get in there!"

I thrust forward as hard as I could, and was rewarded with a shudder from the unconscious girl. She was reacting to being fucked! The two girls at the side whooped with joy. With their arms hooked under her knees, they drew her pubis upwards so that I would have a better angle to insert my cock into Mel. I hesitated with my cock just halfway inside her. Her pussy looked... stuffed, her vulva distended around my intruding prong. "I don't know," I thought to myself as I looked at the unconscious girl. Mel's eyes were still closed, her breath sounding a little rapid and harsh. "Should I? Is this ra..." The two girls suddenly began yelling at me, urging me to "keep going", to "stop being a faggot" and to "fuck her till cum comes out her ears!"

Who can resist that kind of encouragement? I cast aside any remaining doubts, plunged right in and began sawing in and out of her as sexy, naked Venus and Angie kept yelling at me to continue fucking Mel. OK, it was screwed up alright, and it got a little out of hand after a while, because I was pumping so hard in her she was moving up and down in tandem with my movements in her body. Or was that because of the two girls' delightful assistance in ramming her up and down my prick? I couldn't tell.

I was going at it full tilt when they suddenly told me to stop. Apart from Mel's flinching and moaning, it didn't seem to be working the way we hoped it would. "It's not working," Venus complained. "She's reacting but she's not..."

"Fuck her in the ass!" said Angie fiercely. There was a light shining in her eyes that I'd never seen before. It was almost as if she was... relishing the idea of me fucking the unconscious Mel in her rear orifice. "What have we got to lose? We need her to wake up, and quick. Come on Mike, try that!"

Venus, again, did not disagree. She did as she was told, lifting Mel's legs higher so that her ass was now hanging just in front of my dripping wet cock. God, I don't know if it was that alien seed thing in my balls, but my cock was pulsing. I wasn't sure I wouldn't do her any damage if I fucked her in her backside, but the girls made up my mind for me, driving the unconscious girl forward onto my dick as I hesitated once more.

Wow. The sensation of Mel's hot, tight anal ring expanding round my prick head was incredible; and the feeling of her clutching rectal passage giving way to my throbbing erection was indescribable. I was sure I would come very quickly in her tight ass, and I was right. I didn't even have to move a muscle -- Venus and Angie simply lifted Mel up and slammed her down until I was balls-deep in her ass, Her anus was so tight around my cock that I started shivering and they knew I was about to cum, so the two girls moved even more quickly, thrusting me into her asshole so rapidly Mel's breasts didn't bounce, they seemed to be floating in front of my eyes.

My orgasm was immense -- I could feel my prick jerking around in the tight, confined space of her rectum as I sprayed everything I had into her bum. Mel had begun groaning and twitching when her ass was impaled on my cock, and she must have felt me cum into her buttocks because she drew a sharp breath and gave a sudden, sharp scream.

I really can't say what happened next because I don't know. The next thing I was aware of was that we were all lying on the floor, my softening prick still embedded inside Mel's bum. Her legs were wrapped around my neck and her face buried in my chest. Of Venus and Angie, I could only tell that they were on either side of us, both breathing hard. Their heads were turned away, so I couldn't tell if they were unconscious or not. Then Mel uttered a muffled "Get off of me!" and I quickly pulled out, noting how her asshole clutched at my prick before giving it up. A copious amount of my cum flowed out of her ravaged bum as I withdrew, making her groan.
