 I don't know how far or how long we walked until we stopped to rest. It's kind of hard to tell time or distance when your surroundings look pretty much the same whether you look back, around or ahead. All I know is that after a while, we decided to stop and rest, also because Mel was looking very much the worse for wear. She still refused to drink from either girl's breasts, so perhaps, her energy levels were dropping due to hunger too.

Anyway, we didn't protest when Venus signalled for us to stop. We had come to a somewhat wider part of the place. It looked like a cavern compared to the place we'd been walking through. I had a mild sense of deja vu, but I dismissed it because I was getting a little tired as well. We had not really had any rest for quite a while, and the last time we got any sleep, we had been awakened by the alien attack on me. Together with fucking all three girls (one twice, mind you), and the tremendous battle with the alien in Venus' and Mel's bodies, it was a wonder I wasn't collapsing on the floor with exhaustion.

I think Angie knew how tired I was, because she volunteered for the first watch. I wanted to object but I saw the look in her eyes and realised I would get nowhere with any arguments I made, so I meekly agreed. Venus and Mel had moved some way off -- Mel was still highly suspicious of me, and didn't want to be too near where I was -- so Angie was the only one next to me as I settled down to sleep. She leaned over and whispered: "Go to sleep, Mike. I'll make sure no alien will molest you this time!" and I reached up and kissed her on the mouth. The poor girl blamed herself for what happened, and I wanted to assure her that she was not to blame, but she kissed me right back, and told me to go to sleep.

I went out like a light and I don't know how long I was asleep before Angie woke me up. The next thing I knew, I was lying on my back, feeling something soft and wet envelop the tip of my cock. I had a flash of that old dream, where I was in bed and Venus was on top of me, remembered what happened after that dream, and opened my eyes. But it wasn't an alien this time, it was Angie. I opened my eyes just in time to see her sink down on my prick, cooing softly as she did so.

That was also when I realised what had happened to my cock. As I watched her pussy lips stretch open to swallow my cock, I noticed that lump I'd felt earlier. It was the size of Angie's fist, and it looked obscene. Worse, it looked like it had moved up the stem of my dick -- where I was sure it was at the base, it was now roughly halfway up. As I rubbed my eyes and tried to look at it more carefully, I saw Angie's vulva quickly engulfing the lump, gracefully spreading around it and sliding past the thickest part before closing slightly on the thinner part behind it.

She was groaning by now, and I thought it was because the damned thing had stretched her flesh beyond repair, but I was wrong -- she was getting off on it, because she didn't stop. She drove herself down further, grunting as I felt my cockhead slam up against her cervix.

Even that didn't stop her. "Ohhh goddd Mike!" she moaned. "That's... a bit too biggg!" But she still drove herself downwards and I wondered if she would hurt herself -- I wasn't leaking any of the hot alien liquid like I was the last time. Angie persisted, however, and pressed down even more.

"Ohhhhh! I... can feel... you're stretching... me inside," she groaned as she impaled herself further on my erection. "That... that's going deeper... ooohhhh!" 

I felt something give inside her and my cock head suddenly slipped into a tight muscular ring that I knew was her cervix. "Fuck, that's gotta hurt," I thought to myself as I watched the rest of my cock disappear into her gushing cunt. But Angie was a real trooper, she was. Not a whimper of a complaint, just a quiet sigh as her pubis finally met mine.

In spite of my concern for her, I was secretly pleased because I could feel the liquid from our earlier intercourse rush out past my cockhead as it nestled within her womb. Maybe, just maybe, all that alien fluid would be washed out of her while we fucked.

I don't know if Angie had the same idea or not, but I was certain she was focused on fucking. She seemed determined not to let the lump on my cock slip out of her as she rode my erection, pumping herself up and down. For my part, I concentrated hard on not coming, because I didn't want to make things any worse than they already were. Mind you, that's a lot easier said than done, the way her cervix kept massaging my prick just behind the sensitive head.

I was relieved when she finally had a huge orgasm, her vagina spasming all along its length while her uterus sucked strongly at my cock, threatening to pull it out by the roots. Angie slumped on to me, gasping as she recovered from her climax. I simply held her tightly in my arms.

"Why didn't you come?" she suddenly said, lifting her head to look at me and surprising me no end. "Is it because you can't feel me around you? Am I too... big?"

"No, of course not," I replied. "You feel... wonderful. But there's this thing on my cock and..."

"That's why I was doing that, silly," she said, her face a mask of disappointment. "I wanted you to come that lump out of your cock."

"But... we don't know what that'll do..." I tried to protest.

"I don't care," she said fiercely. "I want that thing out of you."

"But what about you?" I said, reaching up to hold her face. "You're really sweet, Angie, but I can't do that to you."

"You'll do worse to me if that damn thing explodes, Mike," she replied, slowly propping herself up on my body. Her vagina was still impaled upon my throbbing erection, and when she moved, I could feel her inner flesh ripple. A small gush of liquid spilled out between our bodies as she sat up. Dear god, surely she was too tired by her last climax?

Angie confirmed that she was probably the most determined woman I know. Despite her obvious weariness (I could feel her trembling), she began pumping herself up and down again. This time, she drew herself up further, so I could feel her vulva slip apart as the bottom of the lump appeared from within, then drove herself down quickly so that it disappeared again into her. "Ohhhh Mike! That... it's so big it... hurts a little..." she moaned as she got into a rhythm. "You... cum into me... please, Mike!"

I didn't reply. I doubted the wisdom of doing this still, so I kept my focus on myself, and refused to let myself cum into her. I say that like it's no big deal, but it certainly was -- Angie's slim body shimmying up and down on my cock, her inner flesh shuddering and clasping at me, her pretty eyes screwed up tight as she rammed my cock deeply into her... those were reasons enough to tip anyone over the edge, never mind the way her insides were sucking the life out of me.

She came again, shuddering and gasping, before falling onto my body. She was trembling and breathing so hard I thought she was in no shape to speak, let alone talk, but I was wrong again. On both counts.

"Come on, Mike," she grumbled when she got some of her breath back. "Just relax and shoot your stuff into me." She looked earnestly into my eyes as she lay on top of me. I could feel her breasts moving against my chest as she breathed, and I reached up and touched her face tenderly.

"I can't. I won't," I shook my head. "I still don't think it's a good idea. We don't know what it is that's..."

"Doesn't matter," she said, smiling as she shifted her weight and my prick moved about in her squelching vagina. "It's working anyway. It's just a matter of time."

She was right too. I realised that the lump had moved much higher up the stem of my cock because I could feel it pressing against the back of my cockhead. If she was able to get herself going a third time, I would probably be unable to stop the damned thing from exploding out of me.

Angie knew it too. "Ohhh fuck, Mike," she groaned as she rotated her hips, making my cock move about inside her. "It's... real deep inside. I can feel it up in there. I can feel you... opening me up..."

"Fuck, Angie, stop!" I said urgently. OK, my balls were really aching and craving release, and if the circumstances were different, I'd certainly welcome a third session with delectable Angie. But I couldn't allow her to take the risk. "It's too dangerous. We don't know..."

"I know, Mike," she said, as she pushed herself up into a sitting position again. "I know you're close to coming in me. I can feel your cock throbbing in me, and I can feel that thing ready to come out."

"Look, we don't know if it'll explode anyway," I tried to talk her out of what she intended to do. "If it explodes inside you we'll both be screwed."

She smiled sweetly at me, and began moving herself up and down once more. She was slower this time, more deliberate -- I could feel and see her raising herself up until only the lump and my cockhead remained in her, then her gaping vulva slowly swallowed up the rest of my cock as she lowered herself back down onto me. "That sounds... ooo... like a nice... way to go," she moaned as my prick drove up deep between her thighs. "I... can't let your... cock go to waste like that!"

"Shit, Angie," I said, trying to shift myself down and out of her as she pulled herself upwards once more. "I can't let you..."

"Don't you dare!" she cut in fiercely as she quickly drove herself downwards, capturing my cock with her hungry snatch. "Ohhh... fuck! Don't you fucking... ooo... dare!"

"Angie!" I just about yelled at her. "Stop! Don't do this!"

The look she gave me spoke volumes about her determination. "Mike, I'm going to do this no matter what. If you don't stop trying to pull it out, I can do this," she rotated her hips, keeping my cock fully inside her. I could feel and hear her fluids sloshing about. "I don't think it'll make that much of a difference to you if I keep it up."

Shit. She was right, and we both knew it. My prick was throbbing, and I knew it wouldn't take too much before I could feel the familiar tingling begin at my balls, the surefire sign of my approaching orgasm. "Fuck, Angie, I couldn't forgive myself if..." I began and she shut me up with a finger to my lips.

"Shhh!" she hushed as she slowly raised herself up once more. "Honestly, I prefer this way. I like feeling your cock moving in and out of my pussy like this. Don't you?" At that, she pushed down until her pubis was pressed up hard against mine. I could feel my cock engulfed within her womb. God, the woman was incredible.

I nodded, knowing that further resistance would be futile, Angie would get her way. Poor, sweet Angie. I smiled sadly at her, knowing that we could possibly be fucking our way to death in this godforsaken place.

"Just lie back and let mommy take care of this," she smiled as she raised her hips again, then pushed back down. I could feel her flesh pressing against my cock, opening and closing as she slow-fucked herself on me. "Ooooooh... that's... a good boy!"

Since I wasn't trying to stop myself from coming, it didn't take too long before the tingling began at my balls. Angie somehow knew it was happening, because she began increasing her tempo, sliding my cock more rapidly into and out of her. The tingling sensation rose quickly up the stem of my prick until it reached the lump, where it hesitated. There was a sudden sensation of release as I felt my prick jerk really hard within her.

Angie cried out, a sharp squeal that made me wonder if it was pain or ecstasy she felt. Then I felt something push out of my cockhead. The best way to describe it was that it felt like a walnut was making its way out of my cock. I'd say it was painful, if it wasn't so pleasurable to feel that release.

I think I might have howled (both Angie and Venus said I bellowed like a beast) as the thing in my cock passed out into Angie's womb. That was followed by god knows how many litres of cum -- I don't think I've ever cum that much before and I don't think I'll ever do that again.

"Ohhh Mike!" Angie cried out as she ground her hips hard against mine. "Ohhh... you're like... a fire hose! Ohhhh!"

I think my earlier success at holding back only made this ejaculation more... spectacular. My cock was jerking about and spraying her insides for quite a long time, and I think I might have grayed out a bit because of the volume and intensity of my ejaculation.

Next thing I know, Venus was right next to us, smiling. "You guys gonna let us get some sleep soon?" she said. "Or are you gonna keep this up for a while yet? Kids!"

Angie did not respond to Venus' jibe. She lay on top of me, her head pressed against my neck, gasping for breath. Poor thing, she must have been really exhausted. Or maybe the thing in my cock..?

"Angie?" I reached up and shook her shoulder gently. "Are you OK?"

She did not speak, but I felt her nod her head slightly. She was clearly still a little winded.

"Wow, looks like you've really worn her out, Mike," Venus said. Did I detect a note of jealousy in her voice? "OK, good, I guess that means we'll finally be able to get some sleep."

Then she leaned over and whispered: "Mel is a little disgusted by you guys... so I didn't have the heart to tell her I wanted to be next. But then I think you'll need the rest, Mike."

"It's my turn to keep watch," I said between gasps. Angie wasn't the only one worn out, but I'd already agreed to be on the next watch, and I wasn't about to break my promise. "Hang on, let me catch my breath and I..."

"It's alright, Mike," Venus cut in. "Mel says she doesn't quite trust you still, so she's a little nervous about you keeping watch while we all sleep. Why don't I take over this watch so she goes to sleep first before you go on watch?"

OK, it made sense to me. I agreed and reminded Venus to wake me up when she felt tired. Then I closed my eyes and slowly drifted off to sleep. Angie was already snoring gently, and I remember worrying about the stuff I'd pumped into her when I realised that my now deflated cock was still stuffed into her vagina.

Venus woke me up what seemed like a good while later. She was yawning, and Angie had apparently rolled off me and was sleeping next to Mel, a short distance away.

"Hey Mike, are you OK to take over?" she said, yawning again. I yawned in sympathy and nodded. "Sorry but I'm feeling a little sleepy now."

"That's OK," I replied, suppressing the urge to ask for the time. There was no point asking how long I'd been asleep since no one had a timepiece here. "Why don't you lie down here a bit?"

She shook her head, and gestured towards the two sleeping girls. "I think Mel will feel safer if I slept next to her."

"OK," I said, disappointed that she'd failed to get my meaning. With both girls asleep, I thought I would spend some quality time with Venus. I wanted to know how she was feeling, and OK, I thought it'd be nice to hold her for a bit too, if she wasn't up to doing anything else.

"You guys are incorrigible," she said as she turned to move towards the sleeping girls. "You and Angie were making enough noise to wake up the dead. Or attract those alien things. Good thing they don't seem to hear very well."

"Well, plants don't have ears, do they?" I said as I sat up. "About Angie..." I wanted to explain what we were doing and especially tell Venus about her sacrifice.

"No need to explain, Mike," she said. Her back was towards me and I still thought I heard just a little smidgen of envy in her tone. "You guys were so into each other your cock was still in her when you fell asleep."

"Hey, it was..." I began, as Venus lay down behind Mel, pressing close to her creamy white back.

"Good night, Mike," dismissed Venus and I realised she wasn't interested in talking about it, so I shut up. I would probably have to explain everything to her later, when she was more inclined to listen.

My watch was uneventful and downright boring, to say the least. I thought of going over to lie next to the girls, but remembered Mel's extreme reaction to my proximity, so I thought the better of it. Instead, I paced up and down, walking past the girls every now and then until I got tired. Then I sat down and kept scanning the area surrounding the girls as I tried not to let the boredom get to me. You only really understand what mind-numbing boredom really means when your surroundings are as featureless as this, I realised.

I wasn't really thinking about anything when one of the girls finally stirred. It was Mel, and both she and Angie had somehow moved while they slept so that they now sandwiched Venus. I rubbed my eyes to clear them, wondering just how that could have happened without my noticing. Damn, maybe I was getting too used to seeing all three naked girls lying together like some teenage boy's wet dream.

Mel sat up and stretched. Then, she seemed to remember what had happened because her hands suddenly came down to cover her breasts and private parts. She looked about and saw me looking at her, and blushed, her hands grasping her body even more tightly. Then she looked down at Venus' naked back, and nudged her with her knee.

"Venus!" I heard her whisper. "Hey, wake up!" 

She nudged her a few more times before Venus began to stir. Angie woke up immediately after that, and both girls began stretching and yawning.

Mel kept her back to me. I could see how tightly she was holding on to her breasts from the way her knuckles were turning a little pink. The other two, however, had no such reservations, standing up and giving me a full frontal view of their nude bodies.

"Fuck that, Mel," I heard Venus say. "You're never gonna be able to keep your hands there all the time."

"I don't care," the girl replied. "I'm not... I don't want him to see me like this."

"Suit yourself," Angie remarked as she walked towards me. She didn't even turn her head to look at Mel as she talked to her. "You can remain the prissy princess for all we care."

When she stood in front of me, she reached up and kissed me on the lips. "Good morning, Mike," she smiled. I threw a quick glance in Venus' direction, but she seemed to be talking to Mel and paying no heed to us. "Did you have a good sleep?"

"Yeah, it was pretty OK," I said. I was still a little surprised at Angie's actions. What was her purpose? Was she trying to 'stake a claim'? "Umm, so how are... how do you feel?"

"A little full," she grinned, patting her belly. It seemed a little more pronounced than usual. "I think I took on a lot more than I expected I would."

"Listen, I think we..." I tried to talk to her about what I could have put into her.

"Don't be such a stick in the mud, darling," she said, and kissed me again, this time a little more deeply. She smelt musky, a strange yet familiar smell I couldn't quite place. "Let's not bore each other with 'what ifs' and 'maybes', OK?"

"Hey you two," Venus chipped in. She suddenly appeared beside us, with Mel a short way behind her. "If you lovebirds don't mind, maybe we should get moving. We have to get home, preferably by today!"

Fuck.