 I thought of trying to explain to Venus what had gone on and why it was Angie and I were having sex, but I knew it would only make things worse. I would only have made myself look defensive and worse, I'd also risk alienating Angie. Since our last encounter, she seemed to have unilaterally decided that we were an item, and placed her arm around my waist as we walked behind Venus and Mel. Occasionally, she would reach out for my prick to cradle it, almost as if she needed to reassure herself that the lump was truly gone. She would look at me every now and then, but occasionally, when I managed to catch her unawares, she looked pensive, almost sorrowful.

Venus, for her part, did not seem the least bit concerned or interested in either Angie or me. We kept our distance from her and Mel also because Mel kept casting nervous glances at me and we thought it would work better if we kept apart until she was more comfortable. But Venus seemed to take this as further proof of our "relationship", and occasionally called out to us "lovebirds" to hurry up and to "try to resist feeling each other up so much". She never seemed to break stride or slow down to allow us to catch up, though.

I honestly don't know if she was mad or jealous or just uncaring, and it was making me a little nuts. But what could I do? Every possible option seemed to be the wrong one. Venus and Mel also seemed to have been greatly energised by their sleep, and were literally bouncing along as we searched our surroundings for any way out of this plane. There was no slowing down or stopping to rest for either of them, so determined were they to find an exit. During the length of time we walked about, there were times when I'd wanted to stop, because I thought we'd been there before and I wondered out loud to Angie (in hopes of getting Venus' attention too, I should add) if we were walking in circles.

But no, nothing would stop Venus. Not even when Angie suddenly said she needed to 'go'.

Up to that point, it hadn't occurred to me that we'd not really stopped to perform our toilet functions ever since Venus had to pee some way back. I think perhaps we were so caught up in our quest to get out of here none of us thought about it.

When Angie said she had a tummy ache, however, that distinct lack of need suddenly became quite odd. "Hey Venus," I called out to the girl in front. "Angie's got a tummy ache. Let's stop for a while!"

She didn't miss a step. Venus just kept right on walking as if she had not heard me. "Shit," I thought to myself. "this is getting from bad to worse. She's ignoring me now!" I called out to her again, and again, there was no response. It was almost as if I hadn't said a thing... or I didn't exist.

Angie had, in the meantime, moved to the side. I shot a glance at her, and the look she returned me seemed almost sad. "I'll go get them," I said to her as she squatted down at the side of the 'path' we'd been following. It looked like the ever-present alien plants were far enough away from her to pose a threat, so it didn't occur to me that I should stay beside her.

She nodded her agreement, then gritted her teeth and grunted as she tried to bear down. I quickly turned away -- watching women shit or pee is definitely not an erotic episode for me -- and started walking more briskly towards Venus and Mel.

Here's the thing about perspectives -- when your surroundings are featureless, it's really hard to tell distances, and I swear they looked a lot nearer to me than Venus and Mel turned out to be. As it was, it took me going at a fair trot, and for a good while, before I caught up with them.

"Hey! Venus!" I called out as I approached the two girls. I reached out and touched Venus' shoulder and was relieved when she reacted by turning around. "Hey! Angie's got a tummy ache and..."

"No shit, Mike," was her reply. "So where's she? And what are you doing over here when you should be with her?"

Now, when did Venus become such a bitch? I opened my mouth to berate her but was stopped by the look in Mel's eyes. She had turned around too when I spoke to Venus, but her eyes were not trained on my face. She was staring hard at something behind me.

Damn. I kind of knew what I'd see as I turned around to look in the same direction. In the distance, I could see what looked like a young woman slowly being raised up from a squatting position. We were far enough away so I couldn't really tell what it was that was lifting her up off the ground, but I had a pretty good idea.

I moved to run back towards Angie when I heard her scream and saw that she was struggling. It was clear she was in the grip of an alien plant, and it looked like she was doing her best to get out of it. Venus surprised me by suddenly holding on to my shoulder and saying: "Leave her."

Just like that. Two cold syllables that essentially spelt Angie's doom. "Leave her." I remembered what Angie had said about not leaving anyone behind and started to protest, but Venus cut me off: "She's too far away. She'll be done for by the time you get there."

I shook my head, unable to believe that the same woman who'd earlier encouraged me to try to save Angie was now asking me to let her be. What had happened to Venus? Did something happen between Venus and Angie? And why wasn't I aware of it? Was I asleep when they had a falling out? "I don't think we should..." I began and she cut me off again.

"Stop being such a sentimentalist," she said sharply, shocking me with her tone. "Look at her. She's finished. Done. There's nothing you can do about it."

I looked at the distant figure of the naked Angie struggling, being lifted off the ground, and doubtlessly, being fucked in her pussy and ass. Deja-vu. There it was again. I felt very strongly that I'd seen this scene before, but for the life of me, I couldn't figure out when or where.

"We've got to keep moving, Mike," said Venus. Her breathing sounded louder and heavier than before. What the hell was going on? "Angie would want us to do that."

I looked once again at Angie in the clutches of the alien plant, and wondered what I should do. When I turned back to speak to Venus, I saw that she had continued walking, away from poor Angie. I still had half a mind to go back for Angie, but Venus was moving really fast and I was certain I wouldn't be able to catch up with her if I didn't go with her.

"Hey, Venus, wait up!" I called out to her once more and she ignored me, striding forward with Mel in her tow. I turned away from Angie, a little sick in the heart... but Venus was probably right. We were too far away to help her, given the way the plant had her in its clutches. It still didn't feel right, but I felt I had little choice. At least, sticking with Venus and Mel meant that two of the girls would remain safe. For now.

As I trotted off in the direction Mel and Venus were headed, I thought I heard shouting behind me. It sounded like a guy was back there, and I felt a little less guilty. Maybe someone else who was closer to her would be able to help Angie out of her predicament.

IOnce again, it took me quite a while to catch up to the two girls ahead of me. Granted, any normal man would want to dally behind just to watch their lovely naked bottoms flexing and bouncing as they walked, but the truth was they were much faster than I thought they would be. I was a little winded by the time I caught up with them again, and had to resist the urge to reach out and forcibly turn Venus around to face me. This was really so unlike the sweet Venus I knew.

Instead, I spoke to her. "Hey... hey Venus! Slow up a bit, will you?" I grumbled. "What's the big rush?"

She walked a few steps more, then stopped and finally turned to look at me. Her eyes were flashing. "The big rush, dear Mike, is that I'm sick and tired of walking around this damned place!" she yelled at me. Mel stood to one side of her, looking a little cowed. "I'm sick of not knowing where we are, of what we're doing, of being naked and of being raped and sodomised by these fucking alien creatures!"

She gesticulated towards the alien plants at the side and they rustled threateningly. I searched her face, expecting Venus to burst into tears at this point, but her eyes were dry and unwavering.

"Venus, I... I'm sorry you feel that way but what happened..?" I asked, no longer certain that I'd made the right decision leaving Angie behind. This was... weird. It was weirder than our surroundings and weirder than the things that had happened since we got here. This was really unlike Venus.

"What happened? You happened," she said with the finality of a judge pronouncing sentence. "You. That happened to Angie because of you. Because she was trying to help you when she got infected. By your cum. And we all know you came loads into her. You're the fucking cause, Mike."

My jaw dropped open. Me? But... there was that plant that pumped two lumps of stuff into Angie. And... oh shit. There was also that hot liquid that I fucked into her. Not to mention that last lump that she... that I...

"Wait a minute," I said, my hackles rising as my defenses kicked in. "I didn't ask for her help! I didn't ask for yours either! Anyway, you weren't infected, and we did it too!"

"I think that infection happened just recently. Like when you guys were going at it like two teenagers discovering sex for the first time," Venus said dryly. "I saw your cock when it went in. It had a lump in it, but when you pulled it out, that lump was gone."

"Fuck, is this what this is all about?" I countered. "You're jealous?"

"Jealous?" she snorted with laughter. "Me? Not in the least, I'm glad I didn't get the same 'treatment' like Angie did. I aim to get myself out of here, alive and uninfected."

"Admit it Venus, you're jealous!" I refused to let go of the idea. "You couldn't stand that we were doing it while you were sleeping with your crazy friend over there."

Venus laughed out loud again. "If it makes you happy, Mike. If it makes you happy to think like that..."

"In any case, if the infection occurred because of our last session, it would have to be Mel's fault!" I suddenly went for her soft spot, knowing Venus would turn defensive if her friend was brought into it. "She was the one who kicked me and cause the lump to..."

"Oh, that's a riot, Mike," Venus kept laughing. "Sure, it's her fault. Everything is someone else's fault. Not your own. Like how you didn't bother to stick with Angie to make sure she was alright? Or how about how you pushed me onto the alien fucking my pussy and ass, that got us into this mess in the first place?"

"That's a low blow," I muttered as I suddenly realised what I was doing. I was all prepared to go on about how everything had been going swimmingly up to the point when we'd found Mel, when the thought wandered into my head: What the fuck was I thinking, going for Venus' jugular like that? And what was... where was Mel??

When Venus and I had begun quarreling I'd swear I saw her standing just a little way behind Venus. As we kept at it, I think I saw her back away a bit, until she was obscured by the raging Venus. Now as I looked beyond Venus' shoulder, I realised Mel was nowhere in sight.

"Fuck, where's Mel?" I said, trying to draw Venus' attention to her missing friend. "Where did she go?"

"Don't try to change the subject," Venus was determined to keep going on at me. "We were talking about..."

I felt I had no other choice. I reached out and slapped her across her face. Hard enough so it would knock some sense into her, but not hard enough to really hurt her. "Venus, Mel isn't there anymore," I said evenly, hoping the blow would turn her back into the Venus I knew. "Look, she's gone."

"Well, that's so manly, isn't it?" she retorted, holding the side of her face where I'd struck her. "Instead of talking it out, you have to resort to violence."

"Venus, Concentrate and LISTEN to what I'm saying. Mel is gone," I raised my voice, desperate to get her to realise something was awry. "She was standing right behind you a minute ago and now she's not there anymore."

"Yeah, right. So you want me to turn around so you can..." she began, but she did turn her head a bit to look behind her. "Shit. Mel! Where the fuck are you?"

I almost piped up with "I told you so" but decided to keep quiet. Perhaps the unusual situation we found ourselves in had taken a toll on Venus' psyche, and it was getting harder for her to retain her composure. Instead, I volunteered: "We should look for her."

"Yes, let's," Venus agreed, her recent pique seemingly forgotten in an instant. "She can't have gone far. Mel! Mel, where did you go?"

We started moving in the direction we thought she'd headed, keeping our eyes trained on the alien plants on either side of us, just in case Mel had wandered off the 'safe path'. We were side by side, Venus and I, and it felt good to be working together again, instead of blaming each other. Venus kept calling out to her friend, but we didn't hear any reply.

Then we saw her. At first, I thought we'd run a full circle and come back to where Angie was. Something twisted inside as we approached the white figure entangled within a voluminous bush-like alien. She didn't seem to be screaming or struggling much, and my first thought was that it was Angie I was looking at. I cringed inside as I thought I would see the results of Angie's sacrifice to save me.

Yes, I felt really bad about it. Although I'd denied it when Venus brought it up, it had played on my mind as we searched for Mel. Poor, sweet Angie. Angie, who did what she thought she had to do twice, to save me from the alien infection in my cock and balls. And who'd probably been infected even that first time when I came so hard into her womb. I tried to pass it off as a possibility that she'd been infected by the plant we'd found her entangled in, but I had to admit the greater possibility that I was the vector of infection. And... I suspected the only reason why Venus was uninfected was because she only stuck me in her ass. My prick had not entered her pussy at all. Maybe that was the purpose of these alien plants, to fuck and plant their seeds of infection within the women's wombs. It made me feel a little sick to think I might have been their tool.

As we drew nearer, though, I realised that it wasn't Angie we were looking at. It was Mel. She was in the middle of the thing, suspended in mid-air... at least, that was what I thought until I got a clearer look and realised that her limbs were being held apart by the alien's branches... and she had been deeply impaled in her ass. Her pussy was hanging out, the deep pink cleft clearly visible on the white plump flesh of her groin, and just under and behind that, I could see a thick grey branch snaking into her asshole.

"Fuck, no! Mel!" Venus screamed as she saw her friend. I think she might have expected that she was looking at Angie's body impaled on the alien plant too, until we got closer. "Mel! Are you alright? Mel! Can you hear me?"

There was no response from the girl at all. She appeared to be in some sort of daze, and the only reaction we saw was from the plant, which pulled her legs further apart, making her vulva gape wider. Clearly, this alien wasn't mucking around.

"Mike! You... you've got to do something to help her," yelled Venus. "The alien... it's going to... you've got to fuck her Mike! Now!"

I didn't see any alien implements threatening Mel's obscenely yawning snatch, but I knew Venus was probably right. Given what the aliens had been trying to do to the girls since we got here, I didn't think I should wait to see what it was planning to do to her before acting. Fuck it, here I go again.

"Go on, Mike! Get into her pussy!" Venus yelled again, and I did as I was told, wading through the alien's branches towards the girl whose white, spread thighs seemed like an open invitation. She looked like a kebab waiting to be skewered.

"Fuck her pussy, Mike! Plug her so it doesn't get anything into her!" Venus yelled from somewhere behind me. I wanted to reply that there was already something in her, but I knew what she meant -- Venus had probably reached the same conclusion as I had, that the alien's interest was in penetrating the girl's womb.

So I stepped forward, brushing aside the alien branches. I was a little surprised that it was so easy to make my way deeper towards the girl trapped in the middle of the bush. Maybe this alien wasn't much of a fighter. Or maybe it was because I was a guy and it didn't know how to deal with one. When I reached Mel, I realised that the alien plant had pulled her legs up and outwards so that her pubis was cocked at exactly the right angle for me. Damn, this was convenient!

I placed my cockhead up against her now exposed vagina and pressed inwards. I could feel her pussy resist, then accept my probing cock into its depths. As I did so, Mel's eyes suddenly fluttered open, and she began to scream.

"Oh! Stop! Stop! Help!" Mel yelled. "Stop! It's too big! Oh! NO! STOP!"

Her screams were a stark accompaniment to Venus' loud promptings behind me. "That's it! Fuck her! Put it all the way in!" Mel's best pal was yelling at me. "Get it deep, as deep as you can!"

"Oh! Stop! Please!" Mel continued wailing as my cock lodged in the deep valley between her straining thighs.

OK, rape was never my thing, you know, and when Mel yelled out like that, I swear tried to pull myself out of her. I say "tried" because even as I thought of doing that, I found I couldn't execute the action. In fact, the opposite was happening -- I was sinking up deeper between Mel's spread thighs. What the..?

That was when I realised that the damned alien had wrapped its branches around my back and was drawing me inwards, towards the protesting girl. I could feel her inner flesh open, spreading around my intruding cock, and the more I resisted and kept pushing back, the more the plant pulled me forward, and deeper into her.

Mel was crying now, tears streaming down her face as she objected to her penetration. "Oh god, stop! Stop it!" she screamed. "Oh, it's too deep! Take it out! Please! Don't do this!"

I wanted to, I swear I did. Like I said, rape isn't my thing, and when a woman says stop, I will. Except in this case, the damned alien plant wrapped around my ass wasn't allowing me to. Venus was still urging me on and I didn't know why she didn't see or hear what was going on. Surely it was clear to her that Mel didn't want me to go on?

Then I felt something insinuating itself between my asscheeks and realised that I'd been wrong about this alien plant all along. I had found it easy wading into the fucking thing because it had let me come in. Its purpose was not to rape Mel at all; its purpose was to hold her open so that some fool like me would come along and stick my cock into her opened vagina.

Now it had me where it wanted me. And it was going to secure the deal. "Fuck, no!" I yelled as I felt something brushing against, then brutally pushing into my asshole. "Fucking bitch! Fuck!"

But the alien wasn't about to stop, of course. I felt more of the thing pushing into me and I wanted to throw up. This was really not arousing at all. I think I would've gone soft in an instant, if it wasn't for the fact that my cock was now completely engulfed by hot, wet pussy flesh. That Mel was fighting back and making her insides twist and massage my cock wasn't helping at all.

Then the damned thing in my ass started to vibrate and I felt myself harden even more. Mel screamed something about it being too big or too deep or something like that. I couldn't tell because I was yelling too. I suddenly understood the alien's intent. It was massaging my prostate, preparing me, manipulating me so that I would cum into Mel.

Fucking A. Venus was right all along. I was the vector of infection. The alien plant's deliberate trap and masterful manipulation of my gonads was proof positive that the aliens wanted me to spurt my seed into Mel, so that she would get infected too. As I felt the tingling begin at the base of my dick, I briefly wondered if I'd gotten any of my other hypotheses wrong. Then I remembered Venus.
