 Chapter 1: The Electrician and The Scientist

I hate these fucking sluts. The way their pussies just take it like it's food. That's why I keep it out for as long as I can.

"Please fuck me. I want to be your whore. Please let me be your whore."

I can't help but slap her across the face. A million of them and I still find uniquities I hate more than the last.

"You're not my whore. You don't deserve it."

The longer they beg, the quicker and more intensely they cum. In the once cramped locker room, you'd hear arguments over who gets the most power out of these whores in the soonest amount of time. The same who hammer the pussies, letting them cum as quickly as possible average the same amount of power as the ones who go slow. The fast ones, the hard cocked, muscley guys who drink redbull and still don't regret their tribal tattoo get about 300 a week with a power output average of 40. The slower guys take out about 150 pusies and get the same. Yet, the argument continues. The answer is they never learned what these fucking pieces of shit like. I have. They want to be hurt, they want their bodies beaten and feelings boiled.

"I do deserve it."

You wish. BAM! Closed fist right across her jaw.

"Stop talking. You want my cock, you'll shut the fuck up."

They also hate anal.

"Please give it to me. I'll give you $1000 dollars."

"I think you've forgotten who the whore is."

I slide it in her asshole. Well, more jam it in. It's lubed a little. Her cum has dripped on it a little. I got to work early, so not as much as would've been there had I been traditionally late.

"Ooooooooooohh! Fuck! Fuck! You idiot. Wrong hole!"

"I don't believe it is. It feels great to me." I fuck her hard. It feels good. I like hurting her. Them.

"Do you like it? You wanted my cock, didn't you?" I can feel her stretching.

"No. I want you to stop. I want you to fuck my pussy. I need you in there. I need you on top of me."

"I reserve that for my wife."

"I can pretend to be her."

I take my cock out and stretch her asshole with my hands. How dare she say that. She is dirt. She screams. It's good. It gets me hard. She's ready for some cock.

"Okay. You are ready to get fucked now."

"Oh, please. Please fuck me."

I place the head of my cock on the outside of her pussy. It's almost sucking it in. It's pooling on the floor. She'll explode once I'm in. I'll do my knee again.

"Hi, Boss."

For fuckssake. "What? I'm in the middle of something."

"Sorry, chief. There's a virgin who just premiered, we need someone to make sure she's really ready."

"Can't you do it? Can Gilly? I have been here for an hour already. I'm not just about to drop it."

"Richard said that she's being pastured, I'm supposed to process her when you leave."

Bunch of fucking beaureaucrats; just think if they file a paper a cog turns and their demand is magically fulfilled impeding on no ones schedule. If I wanted to be a fucking whore to their whim Id've Flipped with the rest last year. "Jesus Christ. Fine. Come in here."

I hate these rooms. They reek of the same cloned pussy. I feel sorry for my wife. It's one thing when we were kids and I'd come home smelling of subway with my bleach ridden work jeans, but it's another thing to have to wash some whore's pussy out of every article of clothing- and the bed sheets if I am doing shift work. they're not even whores. They're whore. One woman who got paid to make more of her to get laid for power. Not fiscal, dick swinging power; lights on, lights off power.

I don't like the corridors, either. Just as carefully as they cloned the EverReadies they concocted a fragrance to mask up the smell their perpetually flowing pussies eminate through the building. Shit, each grid, probably- I wouldn't imagine them spending money on a fragrance range for the corridors in each grid. Not when they have their flips to splash cash on to.

Flips are guys who had my job but got greedy. You fuck a EverReady enough you get charged a bit. It doesn't last, but you could make a pretty penny off of flipping for a little while. Keep in mind, the kinds of people who flip aren't generally penny pinchers. They scored the lowest in school or the highest at nepotism; they don't have morals... they're junky, whore scum. They may as well be paid in the shit they waste their money on. Having said that, many of my friends would be out of a job if all their business was stolen by the doubly strong pharma brand shit that Electric could start selling. If it weren't for their family company schtick. What has the world become when you can be a family company who clones a whore who emits charged orgasms? Flipping may sound like a big secret that'd be kept from the public to save the image of our board. right? Grow up, half the population is flipping in one way or another. I'd be lying if there haven't been times where I've considered it myself.

The elevators are nice. Quiet. The whirr is nice. Never liked dead silence. Why is it stopping? Since when was their anyone but Electricians in this joint. Floor 490? Wasn't that a RnD lab before Electric declared they'd perfected power? Don't let that fool you they're far from perfect (hopefully you aren't, if you are, should I explain flipping again?). No one is qualified to determine perfection, but you'd be hard pressed not to flick your two-cents into the ol' suggestion box. It's in the lobby, if you decide to look. If the box is full, put it in the bin nearby.

Who's this guy? "Who the fuck are you?"

"I don't know, how 'bout you?"

"Do I know who you are or are you asking who I am?"

"Uuhh. Boy. Good question."

Fuckin' flip. Told you.

"Just kiddin', buddy. I'm Thomas. I work RnD."

"I thought you were closed."

"Well, sure. As far as anything official. Unofficially, I'm solely responsible for paying the mortage we bought perfection with."

"You're not a flip, then?"

"Nope, you? Ha ha."

I can appreciate some elevator banter. He seems okay. "Where are you headed?"

"A virgin premiered as a squirter on 6000."

"I'm heading there too. A squirter 'ey? Sounds interesting. Never come across one myself."

"More common than you think. Or as common as can be when there's a billion EverReadies."

"I wonder how many I've fucked."

"I could check your file, if you like?"

"Tempting. Why are you so interested in the squirter? Is it a problem?"

"For the clean up team, maybe. I noticed a correlation between power output and squirters about 5 years ago and have been studying since."

"Care to elaborate. Long fucking elevator ride, pal."

I'll save you the tangential explanation that took 5000 odd floors in exchange for my condensed one. Our scientist friend had been measuring the squirters of each grid across europe and america for the last 5 years. This was difficult as he's the only guy assigned to it across the globe. He first had to find the squirters: file papers to make notice of and catalogue them. Once he found them he had to wade through their output recordings and find their individual recordings. Our systems being on a nation to nation, or even state to state basis made this take a very long fucking time. Way to go Universal Electric! Once he had that, he measured an astounding percentage of the power that was generated by those plants was coming from those women's cum. He's tested every squirt cum sample from the last 5 years, each have only had the shadow of the possibilty of a theory of a breakthrough in Electric's power generation. But, he's never measured a virgin's cum.

"But, I've never measured a virgin's cum. It's nuts how the odds are stacked against me in this. I could've been working a millenia before this happend. Premier Virgin Squirt."

"Will it work?"

Ding.

"I dunno. After you."

I liked his plan. It'd give me some time off.

The room is different. The lights are brighter than any others that I'd seen a premiere light up. They are spotlights compared to some seasoned whores' rooms. There is cum on the ground dripping from the pussy of the virgin. I have seen that face thousands of times. Sometimes it's older or younger, and in various states of mental dissaray. I hate it every other time besides when it's a virgin's post-premiere smile. I get to enjoy it as long as the drugs are in effect. Pheromones are pumped in to send them crazy fucking slutty. They pump in something to knock them out whenever maintainance of some kind is in order. It certainly is now. Her cum is arcing. The scientist is sucking up the cum from the ground with a dropper. Weird fucking guy. I can't help hoping he's right, though. I need a fucking holiday.

"Keep back, buddy. I just need to get this off the floor. Do what you have to do, just try not to contaminate it," he says.

"I have to put my fingers in her pussy. Part of the process. There's a coil..."

"Yeah, I know how it works. You'll have to wait."

Just as I'm about to do nothing I get a buzz on my headset.

"Yeah, chief. Richard says to escort that scientist guy to his lab. He'll meet you there."

"Tell Richard I've got more whores to see. I actually like some of these ones."

"They're all the same, Chief."

"Really? Well, goes to show how much I don't like Richard.

"He want's to speak to you, Chief."

"Chief, I will see you there in 10 minutes. Your whores will be there when you are finished, mine are running the meters." His voice is fucking razorblades.

"Okay, friend, you an poke your pussy all you like now."

"Cheers."

Wow. This feels different.

"Oooooh."

She's coming to, better be quick. Ow! Coil's live. She's glowing. I love the virgins. Too bad they don't last.

I should explain the process. Virgins are clones, cells, EveReadies, whatever that haven't been worked over by an Elecrician. That's me. Premieres are when they first cum. They can cum alone. More common that they do now that my job is a conduit for Flipping and numbers for the field are low. Before, when the field was flush with horny bastards, they'd have their virginity torn to shreds by whatever dick had been hired that day. Premiering as a Virgin was rare back then. They'd have to get themselves just right. Now it's just what happens. I do my rounds, 20 fucks a day to supply the state. Well, me and some other guys. But, when you have upwards of a million, there's not much home time.

"Is she ready to go," Science interrupts.

"Yeah. Get a stretcher from the wall."

We wheel her back into the elevator and head back down. On the way, the good doctor inspects her body. He's probably spent more time further inside these bitches than I have.

"Looking good."

"As good as the millionth google image of the mona lisa is."

"I mean your theory. You think this is it?"

"Hopefully."

Why's he gone quiet?

Ding. Fucking Richard.

"Chief, my lad! Fancy seeing you. How's she looking Doctor?" Richard farts as he enters.

"Unique, sir." Science replies.

"Maybe, if I didn't hire you for your wit we'd have seen this progress 3 years ago."

What a fuckface. "You're a piece of shit, Richard. Shut the fuck up, you'll get your answers and then you can be off to your Flips."

"My flips speak fondly of you, Chief."

"I'm insulted."

5000 floors, the same passive agression- more on his part than mine- all the way down to the lab.

The lab is mostly abandoned. There were stations for each doctor to work at. Only one is lit up now. We wheel the serene future slut to the slab where Science attaches wires to her clit and the coil inside. He then takes out an ultrasound and incestigates her bladder.

"See that dark patch beside the larger one?" He says.

"Yeah." I reply.

"That's the bladder that holds the ejaculate. Most of the cells don't have that. Every time I've claimed a squirter there's always been too much damage done to it to yeild anything conclusive. This one is," the weirdo strokes it, "immaculate."

Richard's disgusting vibrations ramp up, "So, cut it out then. I wan't proof of this."

"I can't just cut it out. It needs extraction."

"What about the stuff you sucked up in the cell?" I ask.

"It lost its charge on the way here, it's no good."

"What makes you think the stuff inside her will?"

"It may not, but if I can even get a little bit of a reading, I'll understand far more than I do now. So, if you could just do what you do..."

Richard and Thomas(?) left me with the whore. It's hard to call her that. I know if it was different, I wouldn't be calling her that. She didn't get a chance. She was created a whore. Programmed one.

"Hey," I slap her across the face.

Cells like being fucked hard. They like being roughed up. They like being called names. They like being treated like dirt. Like they're only good for cumming and cock.

I like this one. Reminds me of my wife.

She is groggy, but coming to. I haven't got my pack with me. I'm going to have to improvise. I grab some surgical rubber from one of the darkened slabs and tie her down. I almost dont want to hurt her. Her pussy looks good. It's dripping on th table. I want to taste it. Moving between her legs I smell her sweet cum, I lick it.

"Oooh," she moans. "Are you here to make me feel good."

Generally, this'd flip a switch that'd make me want to slap her for being a greedy, entitled whore. She's different from the other ones. I think my wife would like her. I want to please this one.

"Yes," I whisper into her cunt.

"Please, can you please make me feel good?"

"Yes."

I lick to the left of her lips, closer to her leg. She flexes. Just because this one's more delicate, doesn't mean I can't tease her. I lick to the right. I kiss the left. I kiss the right. I've never kissed one of them before. I kiss where her clit is hiding. Then I stick my tongue out and lick from her cum covered hole up to her clit. Her cum almost fills my mouth. It tastes so good.

"Thank you! Oooooh. Thank you. Please don't stop. I'll do anything for you."

What? This is a first. I've never had a cell baragain with their own sex. Usually it's money of stock options. The guys in the lab created a personality that is primed for sex. The cells think they're busineswomen who own half of the world but has a weakness for being a disgusting whore as a retaliation to the power she believes she has. They're nothing like the original, or this one here.

I expose her clit. She begs for me to lick it, I do.

"Yes! Uuuhhh. Suck her. Fuck me with your fingers."

I slide my fingers inside her. She's so warm. Her lips create a seal around my index and middle finger. I rub inside her. She gets wetter and wetter. I taste every drop that comes out of her.

I grab her tits, squeezing her nipples while I slide my fingers in and out, licking her clit, tasting her cum. I want to fuck her.

I stand up leaving her on the slab writhing around.

"No! Please. Ooh, god, please keep going. Please, please, please. I can't take it anymore, I need to be filled. I need everything you have inside of me. In my ass, or my pussy, in my mouth. Anywhere!"

Anal? Not one has liked anal. What's going on? Maybe there's seomthing more than the new fuel she has in her pussy that Thomas is so excited to get at.

I walk back to her as I unzip my fly. I take my cock out. It's hard on its own. Natural erections are a rarity for guys like me. I feel blood and warmth in my cock. I want to feel hers. I need it.

"Thank you!"

I position myself between my legs.

"Thank you, sir. I will be a good girl for you."

That's it. She's getting filled.

I grab her hips and dive my cock into her. It is met with another wave of fresh juice. I watch her pussy massage the shaft like it loves it. It takes just moments and I can feel her about to cum. Not yet. I slide out and untie her from the slab. I hold her, rubbing from the head down the shaft against the lips of her delicious cunt. This is the fist time it's ever felt like I was having an affair, also because it's the first time I've felt like I was going to cum. But, not yet. She positions herself on the ground. I don't want her there yet. I grab her shoulders.

"Can I please suck you?"

"Not yet, sweetheart. I want you to cum first."

"But, I want to please you. I'd feel selfish."

"Get up, be a good girl. Bend over."

She bends over the table, her asshole appears like it's a target. I spot lube on the table and put some around her asshole, it puckers as I do- it looks even more deliscious than her pussy. I do the same on my cock, stroking it all over so it'll slide in nicely.

"Yes, sir. Can I suck it after I cum? If I please you?"

"We'll see."

"I'll cry. I feel like crying. I need to please you."

I put my cock in her asshole. It goes in easily, but is still tight. It hugs me, swallows me.

"Oooooh, uuh. It feels even better. Please fuck me hard."

I grab her. I'm almost the sole reason she's even standing, wait until she's fucked. I slam her ass against my pelvis over and over, her ass dialating eratically the more and harder I fuck her. I love how she feels.

"Yes. Yes. Oh. God. Please. Don't. Stop. Am I. Your favourite. Girl? Please. Say. yes. I want to. Make you cum!"

"You get to cum first."

I pick her up and put her on the slab with her ass on the edge. Her pussy is even more drenched than when I last saw it. I reenter her asshole. Her cunt begins to flow, but it's not the treasure I'm looking for. I fuck her deep and hard, taking my cock out all the way and diving back in. She grabs me around the waist with her legs.

"I'm going to cum. Can I please cum? Am I doing good? Am I what you want? You're what I need. I want to be the same for you. Ooooooooooooh, fuck me, please keep fucking me. I'm cumming. I love you. I'm cumming. I'm cumming. Please love me!"

She convulses and contorts her body as her charged cum fires out. I think our bodies touching protects me from being zapped. It's all over the table, me the floor. And she's still going. It splashes ino my mouth, it's the greatest thing I've ever tasted. I want to drink it for the rest of my life. I step back out of her asshole. Somehow, defying the power of what should've temporarily disabled her, she slides onto the ground and grabs my cock.

"Can I make this mine now, please?"

"Yes, please. make me cum." I've never desired anything in this job. Now it feels as If all I ever wanted was to cum on this girl. In her. I want her to swallow me.

"Mmmm, mm, mm, mm. Thank you for letting me taste myself."

"You're welcome." Have I gone soft?

I grab her hair in my fist. Usually I would fuck her throat, but this time, I'm just feeling her hair. She licks everywhere, my balls, my shaft, the head of my impossibly hard cock. Her mouth is made of velvet.

She grabs my hips and starts fucking her mouth with it. She is going hard. I can feel my orgasm welling. Her throat is taking the length of my cock, her tongue is beckoning my cum. And it's just about to fulfill its request.

"I'm going to cum, sweetheart."

She pulls it out, "Can I please have it in my mouth?"

"Please!"

She takes me back in her mouth and fucks even harder. The sight of her lips touching the base of my cock make me cum, filling her throat. As I cum her tounge works it all out, I can feel it being sucked from my cock. With it still deep in her mouth I can fell her swallowing everything- not a drop wasted. I stay hard for what feels like hours after as she licks my cock clean of any cum she may have missed. She smiles gratefully at me. I stroke her hair.

And then the moment is stolen as Science and Richard waltz in and resume the experiment I'd all but forgotten we were undertaking.