 There are things in the world of Alther that need to be done, Aura's mother told her when she was very little. Bread to be baked. Clothing to be sewn. Armor and weapons to be made, and then enchanted. Everyone in the world has their place. Aura's mother was a seamstress and her father a bread maker. Her parents planned for her to be a seamstress as well. Except that Aura was special. Some people are born with gifts. It doesn't matter what race you are, most of the time, the magic out in the world is universal. You're born with it and it develops around the time of puberty. For Aura one day she realized she had breasts, the next day she had the most horrible pain her abdomen, and then the next her pet falcon got injured and she healed it by touching the broken wing.

That's how it works with priests and priestess in Alther. One day you lay your hands onto something and you realize that you've made whatever wound they have, no matter how superficial it is, go away. So she told her parents, who were thrilled to have a healer in their family. She was rushed toward the local temple. Unfortunately for her there was only one choice for what path she would take as a healer. She would be drained in Yllia's temple. Yllia's theology taught healing through sex. Yllia also taught the art of bringing pain through working of magic. Aura's talents were clearly in healing, however. So when it came time for her apprentice ship she reminded herself over and over, there are things in the world that need to be done. If she did not do them, someone else would have to. There was no use fighting her place in the world.

So when she was eighteen and it was finally time for her to start her true apprentice ship, she did so without complaints. For the first six months she studied under a mentor. She watched as her mentor healed by touch, by kiss, by sex. She studied in books the different forms of love making, and how to apply them to healing. If the person you are healing had a wound on their back, you cannot just lay on top of them and expect the wound to heal cleanly, after all. Then finally came the day in which she would lose her virginity. It was a day she would remember for the rest of her life, she was certain...

~

Aura had stood quiet and impassive in the antechamber. It was customary that she would lose her virginity to the head priest or another priest of his choosing. With the head priest being an orc and Aura being a thin and frail sun elf, it was decided that another priest do her induction to the priesthood. so she was met in the antechamber by a male sun elf, he was one of the head priest's assistants. Like many of their race he was very attractive, if somewhat feminine. His hair was long and black and hung around his face in curls. His eyes a bright green. While he was muscular he was no where near as bulky as the head priest. He looked tiny in comparison to the orc, far less frightening.

The priest made his way over to her, taking her dainty hand in his own and leading her to the bed. Slowly he undressed her. Her robes were peeled away and dropped onto the ground, leaving her naked before him and the viewers up on the balcony that overlooked the antechamber. The chill of the room caused her nipples to harden until it was painful for her, a sharp ache centered at each of her breasts. The priest peeled off his own robes and revealed his half erect cock, the size of it frightened her somewhat. But she reminded herself, there are things in the world that need to be done. She would make her way through this initiation and she would learn to enjoy it. It had to be enjoyable or they wouldn't do it, right? This work?

"Relax." the priest whispered to her in a gentle tone, his hands found her hips and he pushed her toward the raised bed. Gently she was pushed onto it, and then onto her back. The male sun elf following after her, crawling on his hands and knees over her body, low enough that the tip of his cock brushed against her knee and then her thigh, causing her to jump just a little. She was convinced, absolutely convinced, that he would simply drop between her thighs and pierce her. He didn't.

The priests settled his hips against her left thigh, the warm length of him resting against her soft skin. The feel of it was strange but oddly arousing at the same time. It was at once both soft and stiff, and getting stiffer. The length of it hardened against her skin and seemed to grow just a little. It left her gasping faintly. Or perhaps the gasp was caused by the way his mouth settled over one of her nipples, wrapping the cold tip of her breast in a wet warmth. Her nipples ached, and the other one was teased by a warm finger. It was the pinch and the press of teeth that truly got her going, however. His teeth bit down on one nipple, while his fingers gripped at the other. Aura cried out in pleasure as the pain shot through her and in its wake left an ache that sent liquid warmth pooling between her legs. The chill of the room was completely forgotten in the way he sucked on her nipple, calling such passion up from her body.

Oh, how she wanted to return the favor. She needed to return the favor. There was just something she had to do. Needed to do. Her hands lifted and pressed against his back. He bit hard enough for stars to explode behind her eyes. Her nails bit into his back, and then clawed downward. She felt his cock spasm against her thigh. His tongue flick against her sore nipple, washing over the ache and soothing it in such a way that drove her crazy. Her hips bucked up against him, her thigh pressing into him. This was perhaps the signal he was waiting for, his body shifted once more. His mouth left her nipple, making her cry out in objection. He made a soft soothing sound and knelt between her thighs. His hand pressed against her sex, his fingers parting the lips and his thumb finding her clit. Slowly rubbing it gently and making a fire spread between her legs. Her pussy wet and ready, at least she thought she was ready.

"Please!" she cried out, bucking her hips against his hand. The orgasm was already starting to build inside of her. All she needed was a little more, all she needed was to be filled while he continued to strum her in such a manner. The priest gave her what she wanted, his fingers slipped inside of her waiting cunt. One, then a second and a third. The thumb of his other hand find her clit once more and started to strum it in a fast and furious motion that matched the thrusting of his fingers inside of her pussy. Her hips bucked upward and the orgasm burst over her like nothing she had ever felt before. Aura's toes curled, her back arched until she could hear her spine crack, and stars exploded behind her eyes. The noise that escaped her lips couldn't have been from her. It was loud and throaty, a wail of pure wanton pleasure.

She was too distracted trying to remember how to use her limbs when the priest settled his weight between her thighs, pressed forward, and pierced through her virginity with one harsh thrust. The cry that tore from her lips was pure agony at the searing pain that his invasion caused her. She tried to push him away, but his hands find her wrists and pressed them into the bed. He leaned down and whispered softly, "Ssshhh, it will feel good in a minute, I promise."

Aura squeezed her eyes tightly closed and tried to block out the sensation of it. The pain of having herself invaded in this manner. She thought intently about bread making, sewing, the things that needed to be done in the world. Slowly but surely the movement of his cock inside of her slowly turned from painful to pleasurable. The rhythm began to wind her up once more. Her sex clenching around him, her back arching and her hips pressing in against his. She started to move in counter point. His hips shifted faintly and he started brushing something inside of her that made her pant with each thrust. She wanted more, harder, faster. Her nails bit into his back, hips bucking up against him. Aura cried out, "Faster! Harder!"

The priest obliged her demands, pressing harder and faster into her. By the time he brought her to her second orgasm, he was pounding her into the bed. The sound of sex loud in the room, the slapping of skin against skin accompanied by a wet squelching sound. The lewdness of it drove her insane and her body clenched up around him, one last thrust into her body sent them climaxing together. His seed spills into her in a warm wave, as her own wet heat flooded him

After their sex he had slept, and Aura had been taken to the baths. She was given something to ensure that she would not become with child, then she was cleaned and fed a large meal in celebration of her initiation, and then she as well slept. The next day she started her hands on training.

~

That was several years ago. Now she was a practicing priestess, rumored to be one of the better ones in the temple. Though she was not very high ranking or senior, she did not do politics. She healed, and she enchanted, and she did a little gardening. She was a rather atypical sun elf. Her people were known for their bitter and blood thirsty politics. But Aura? She simply had things to do. The world needed some things done.

After carefully binding her red hair at the back of her neck, and lacing her boots up she made her way from her room. Her robes were set, and she carried a small backpack with her filled with traveling supplies. She was stopped at the entrance of the temple by Gark, the priest that inducted her to the priesthood. A worried expression marred his pretty face, "Are you certain you want to do this, Aura? You never know where that damned thing is going to send you... Or who you'll end up with. And well.." 

"Yes, I'm certain." says Aura with a soft sigh. She leaned up and kissed his cheek, and then brushed past him. She would not allow him to dissuade her from taking this pilgrimage. Her footsteps carried her toward the city square. Their King had recently agreed to allow for The Magi Guild to place into every city a translocation orb. It would transport you to some place in the world where your talents were needed. It was one part divine magic, one part luck of the draw, and one part gnomeric engineering.

Aura had decided to go see more of the world, to travel to where talents were needed. To do the things that needed doing. So she made her way toward the city square and regarded the strange blood red orb quietly. Eventually she strapped the backpack into place, stepped forward and sighed at the orb. Her green eyes closed and her hands laid against the side of it, cupping it gently. There was a strange sensation, sort of like she was falling and then a jarring sensation, and the air felt different.

When she opened her eyes she found herself standing in the middle of a burn village, the night sky illuminated by the raging fires. Men on black horses road through the village cutting down the men and women that tried to flee from them. One such man was coming straight toward her. A hissing gasp escaped her lips as she reached for her staff, when an arrow took the man down. A shadow fell over her form and an Altherian reached out and grabbed her wrist and pulled her out of the cross fire and toward a group of men and women that wore the colors of the Darkspire Alliance.

"This way, priest. I hope you got juice in you, girl." growled the gravelly man as he pushed her behind him, and readied his sword.

She could tell that he was already a little wounded, blood trickled from a cut on his arm. She reached out and closed it up, healing as much as she could by touch before he would rush off into the fight. Priests like Aura had the ability heal people when not touching them, be willing healing energy toward their target. But doing so was far more draining than healing through touch and through sex. She could do it, but she would need to rest after a while after the area was cleared.

A tall, lankly and lithely muscled troll stepped up next to her, raising his bow and aiming at the next horsemen that came forward. His voice soft as he murmured to her, "Stay focused, Rok, he's the shield. Ambor is good at dealing damage, but Rok's the one that take the most of it."

"Rok?" Aura asked, but before the troll could answer the only possible person that could be named 'Rok' barreled past her with a roar of rage. He was the largest orc she had ever laid eyes on. Dark skinned, spiked hair, completely muscled and nearly two feet taller than herself. He held an axe in his hands that was about her height, and he brought it swinging toward a horsemen that charged around a corner toward their group.

Arrows flew as well, the horse went down, but the horsemen leap from the saddle in a daring display of acrobatics. A knife drawn he ran toward the orc, slashing at him while Ambor came up from behind and brought his sword down onto the back of the horsemen. She watched as the enemy crumpled and then turned her attention to the orc. She was charged into a group of raiders who had gotten off of their horses, or who didn't have any. His axe swung at them, even as they hit him with knives and swords. Ambor followed him, felling them.

Aura brought her hands up and willed the energy pool out of them, and then forced it in the direction of the orc. The energy streaked like a beam of light toward him, wrapping him up and carrying him on further. The troll next to her hissed, "Lets move! They'll be out of line of sight shortly."

So she moved, they rounded a corner and came upon another group of raiders. They were rounding what must be the village elder's house. From inside of the house there were screams of fear and pain, some of the raiders had broken through the door. Aura breathed out softly, "We have to get in there."

"Yup." responded Rok in a voice like dark smoke and velvet. He readied his axe, cried out in rage and rushed forward. The first two raiders probably died on impact, the third probably died when his large feet pounded of his face as the man rushed into the house. Aura followed along behind Ambor, with the troll at her back. She danced carefully around the bodies of the fallen raiders. Instead the house, the elder's wife was being pinned by a raider, while the elder was trying to fight off another one. Ambor cleaved one of them in half, while Rok grabbed the one pinning the woman and tossed it through a wall so hard she hard something crack. Something that wasn't the stone walled dwelling.

"There's more outside! Please...!" cried the elder as he scrambled toward his wife. Aura quickly moved forward and laid her hands against both of them, healing their wounds and putting them at ease with her gentle touch. Luckily they were not so grievously wounded that they needed her to make out with them.

And so the rest of the night went. They drove back, killed, or otherwise defeated the raiders. She learned during a pause in the fighting that she was in the Altherian province of Gol'thola. They were under siege by a race of men that looked just like the Alterhians, but came out of the mountains on dark horses. She learned that Rok was a captain in the Darkspire Alliance, Ambor was his lieutenant, and the troll- who was called Amyn -was like her, someone who got dumped here by the translocator. There were other cells but she ended up in theirs by virtue that Amyn saved her and they needed a healer. Their last one got run through by a raider and after healing himself, told the group to take a flying leap and left the battle field. Aura wasn't impressed.

After the fighting was done, the village finally saved from the raiders, their group settled down for an encampment about three miles from the village toward the mountains. They decided to make their way out that way so that they could do something should another wave of raiders come at them. They settled down around the camp fire, and Aura nursed a flask of fermented sun elf apple wine and watched the men, who all stared at her curiously.

Finally the staring of the men got to her, "What?" she asked in an aggravated tone.

"You're... a Yllian healer?" asked the Troll with arched eyebrows.

Aura sighed intently, setting her flask aside and pulling out a bit of jerky to gnaw on. Eventually she responded, "Yes."

"...does that mean you'll...." asked the Altherian man.

Aura's eyes narrowed and her ears twitched in annoyance, their pointed tips touching the side of her scalp. She informed them tartly, "I don't see that any of you need healing. So, no. I will not have sex with you. I am not a prostitute, I am a healer."

The troll held up his hands and he said, "Hey, hey, hey.. No fuss, no fuss."

Aggravated by the staring, lusty menfolk the priestess put away her foot, grabbed her bedroll and turned and made her way a few yard away from the camp. Close enough to still see the camp fire, and to be heard should she cry out. But far enough away to get her point across.