 Aly woke, shivering slightly, to the feeling of being protected. She was completely encircled by his arms, but not in a constricting way, it felt really good. Opening her eyes she looked around her. The sea was a darker color, and it was colder, they must have traveled a long ways while she slept. Making sure not to disturb Loh, she looked at them, and grinned. He was completely wrapped around her! He had both arms wrapped around her, and his tail was pressed closely against her legs. She peeked at his face and was dismayed to see how tired he looked., better to let him sleep. So she relaxed against his chest where her head rested. Looking down she could see that his right hand was lightly cupping her left breast in his sleep. When she shivered slightly he murmured in his sleep and held her tighter for a moment. This man really was sweet. 

Suddenly she felt something sharp and quick skitter up the side of her leg. She Screamed and tried to take off running. She was foiled in this not only by the fact that it's hard to run underwater, but by the fact that she was suddenly under Loh as he covered her body with his and looked around for the threat. When he couldn't see anything he looked at her and with worry in his voice whispered "What was it, where is it, what happened?"

"Something crawled up my leg!" she whispered, still panicked. 

Sitting up, with an odd look on his face, Loh began to search the area. In seconds he returned to her side, holding a tiny clawed crab type creature between his thumb and forefinger. 

As he began to tell her the exact kind of animal it was, how it behaved, and how utterly harmless it was she began to blush. He then told her how, when he was little, he would drop this exact kind of animal on his sleeping sisters. "They would scream and swim around just like you did. But of course, they were just girls." 

With a playful outraged gasp she pushed him over, and leaping on him yelled "For women everywhere!" As she began to tickle him, giggling. He laughed and tickled her back, they tussled around. Her legs and his tail flailing about as they played. 

She lay back against the sand finally, still giggling quietly. He came over her and with an odd look and smile asked "So you like games?" She nodded happily. Leaning in closer, his mouth right by her ear he kissed it and whispered "Do you like these kinds of games?" At that he gripped her arm harder, then harder still as he nipped her earlobe painfully, then licked and kissed it. She nodded again. If you want me to stop just say "Clao." She nodded again.

Remembering their earlier conversation, and knowing the games need a starter she asked "So, are all of you Mer people sexist pigs?"

Feigning outraged surprised, he looked at her, and before she could react he threw her across his lap face down. Leaning back, with his hand across her back to keep her there, he said in a stern voice "My people, uninformed one, are known as the Abdhi." She thought she could feel him laughing silently, but when she went to look at his face he smacked her on her butt! Outraged she looked into his eyes, and when she saw the amusement and question in their green depths she responded with her own sly grin. So this was how he wanted to play it, well she was all for that, she loved this particular game. 

When she went still and dipped her head in acknowledgement he began to caress her bottom. In a domineering tone he spoke "You will not, while you are in this position, speak out of turn nor do anything that displeases me. Is that clear?" he said, still running his hand around her pale skin. 

Diving in, she whispered "Yes, but Loh…" 

Smack! 

In a cold voice he said "Did you start to say something I wouldn't like?" 

Smack!

"Were you going to question my judgment?" 

Smack!

"Perhaps even say something against what I ordered?"

Smack!

Her ass in flames she whimpered softly. His hand , while not bruising, was hitting hard enough to send white flame through her body at every hit. And while it hurt badly, it was also making her incredibly hot, and wet. He went back to caressing her now pained skin, rubbing and caressing in a way that aroused while it burned. She whimpered again. Still in that icy voice he asked "So, my little one, have you learned your place?" At her affirmative nod he went on "Well then I think you'd better prove it. If you truly have learned what your place is, then I suggest you show me. I will not stop spanking you until I've cum. So, if you want the pain to ever stop, you have to make my cum my darling" 

And with those words, ignoring her astonished stare, he moved Aly so that her bottom was still in easy reach of his hand, she was still restrained by his other arm, but she could now reach his cock. And he began to smack her ass, using his arm now and harder than before. As pain coursed through her Aly, panicked now, began to rub his only half aroused cock. Licking and touching amid her gasps of pain she succeeded in making his cock rise from its scaled resting place. His beauty stunned her again even as his blows continued to fall. She lovingly began to lick his dick, squeezing and rubbing the base with one hand while the other caressed and teased the scales around it. Her body grew hotter and hotter with every smack and she could feel herself becoming more aroused. She wanted to bring his hot length into her mouth, but was afraid she might hurt him in her pain. So instead she continued to lick and caress, rubbing and squeezing his hot shimmering skin. She mad a ring of her fingers and pushed it down around his throbbing cock, forcing tightly down, dragging it back up. He moaned. Loh continued to land blows on her now red skin again and again, never slowing down or stopping, even for a moment. The cool water that swirled around them didn't cool her fevered skin, but only seemed to make her more aroused. 

Shifting her beautiful body slightly, he opened her legs. Her body begging for relief, she opened her thighs wider, still licking and caressing his cock. She began to race her hand up and down his cock, squeezing and pulling as she went, caressing his sensitive tail, rubbing and kneading it. She felt him begin to jerk his hips more urgently, beginning to groan from deep inside. He quickly shifted from raining blows on her bottom and upper thighs to smacking directly on her exposed pussy. As what felt like burning lightning began to be driven into her Aly began to scream. Tears running down her cheeks she frantically drove him over the edge. Yelling harshly he bucked his hips up against her and slammed his hand down onto her weeping pussy once more. She screamed once and came in a blaze as every color imaginable exploded behind her eyes. Loh jerked his hips again and again as cum shot from his pulsing cock. He watched her eyes go glassy, her back bowed as she shook and screamed. And then she collapsed. And he seeing no reason to even try to remain conscious, went out as well.

She opened her eyes to the peculiar, but enjoyable sensation of having her bottom licked in sweeping strokes, bathing her entire ass. And as the tongue started to lick its way towards her pussy she had to lay a restraining hand on Loh's head. Looking up with a concerned look he asked "Did I hurt you too terribly? I know you enjoyed it, from that fantastic display at the end, but was I too rough?" He cradled her to his body, caressing her face.

She giggled "Rough is what I wanted my darling, I know you would've stopped if I'd truly asked. By the way," she mused "What is Clao? Why did you pick that word?"

He laughed, and while nuzzling her bottom with his soft mouth, said "It's the one thing I could think of that would end any thought of sex… My mothers name." She laughed and swatted at him. She saw that he was still looking with concern at her bottom. 

Aly brought his attention to her face and said "I'll be a bit sore for a little while, but it was worth it, that was amazing. I'll warn you though, I'll be out of commission, at least in that area for a few hours." She smiled

He nodded understandingly, and with a sympathetic expression on his face said "I know, and of course it's fine, after all, I don't want you just for sex… I want you for your amazing breasts as well." 

At that she laughed and pushed him over saying "You pig of an Abdhi!"

He laughed as well. And grabbing her hands he spun them around in the water. they're laughter rising like silver bubbles in the deep water. 

And from around a piece of reef, dancing blue eyes watched.