 Aly floated gently on the waves. The sun warming her skin from above while the lapping water cooled it. The crowd on the beach had faded away, the clamor of their summer fun had been overwhelmed by the distance separating them from the lone swimmer. She bobbed up and down, lost in the feeling of the water. 

She dipped beneath the surface, gliding through the green blue depths. Sliding over and under currents, relishing in the tides pull on her body. This is what she loved. Not her cubicle in the city, not the traffic and the exhaust of the streets. And her only friends had been left months ago after her last move, and she hadn’t bothered with new ones. No one ever seemed to understand why she loved the ocean so much. She wasn’t cold or unfeeling, she just couldn’t seem to form an attachment to anyone…. there was always something missing.  

To get away from these thoughts Aly spun deeper into the water. Racing against herself she swam as fast as she could through the blue. Why didn’t she belong anywhere. Why couldn’t she feel at peace in her life. Why did she have to come to water to even feel at peace in her own skin. Why did…       

Why is it cold? What?

Aly looked around her in worry. She had come to far down! Looking up the surface was far away and dim. No! She had to get air! Suddenly panicking she broke for the surface. Swimming as hard as she could, her lungs were burning, she needed air! Her chest was squeezing tighter and tighter, it hurt so much. Aaaaagh. Pain ripped through her chest. She opened her mouth and screamed into the sea.

No more pain. As she limply floated down through the sea her tears of moments before mingled with the water around her. The last thing she saw before her world went black, was green.

Aly woke to the feeling of her long hair sliding across her face in the water. Water…pain…she was dead! Dead with her hair trying to go up her nose? She lifted her arm to brush her hair out of her face, okay ouch, that hurt a bit. Opening her eyes she looked around. And while she could now state conclusively that she should not move her head to much, she could also see that she was in a place that was full of water… she was in water…she was in water and breathing…what? Just as she began to panic a hand touched her arm. 

“Don’t” a deep voice said.  

She froze as her confused brain tried to figure out just what in the Hell was going on. “Just what in the Hell is going on?” she muttered loudly. 

“Are you always this grumpy when you almost die, are rescued and then taken care of?” Said the voice she assumed was connected to the hand on her arm.

She turned to look at her rescuer and was immediatley struck by his eyes. Bright piercing green. She had seen that exact color before she passed out. He had been there, he had saved her.

Blushing now, she whispered “um, no”

She looked up and saw him grinning. Oh gods, he had dimples. She adored dimples. Actually the rest of him wasn’t too bad either. Great lips, longish black hair, muscular arms and chest, all the skin had a slight shimmer to it, deep green scales on his tail, nice luster to them….

She calmly smiled at him, lay back on the sand, covered her eyes with her hands and pronounced. “If you would be so kind, could you please explain to me why you have a tail, why I’m not dead, why I’m breathing water, where I am, why I’m here, what happened to me, who you are, and why am I naked. Any order of answering is fine. But I’m afraid that if you don’t answer quickly I will be forced to start screaming, and frankly I don’t see any reason I should ever stop. Thank you”. 

The stranger began to chuckle softly, then laugh out loud. Aly began to get the tiniest bit irritated, her mouth formed into a pout below her hands. As she began to speak the man calmly placed his hand over her mouth. And, still grinning, spoke. “All right all right. Calm down. I’ll tell you what I know. “ “I have a tail because I was born with it, you’re not dead because you lived, I have no idea why you can breathe water, you are currently residing in the sea, you’re here because I saw you drowning and tried to save you, as to what happened to you I can only assume that you decided to go to deep and couldn’t make it back up, my name is Loh, and you’re naked because I was checking for injuries and then didn’t feel the need to put that thing back on you.” 

Hands still over her eyes Aly whispered “So you don’t know why I can breathe water?” “Why I’m not dead?”

Concern in his eyes, Loh shook his head. I tried to save you… But you were too deep for me to reach the surface in time, and even if we had, you should have already been dead… And then when I was almost to the surface, you began to breathe. I don’t understand it.”

“And you were born with a tail and this is completely normal to you?

This time Loh grinned and nodded an affirmative.

Aly sat up suddenly and removed her hands from her face. With a steely expression in her eyes she turned her gaze on Loh “Okay buster, here’s what’s going to happen. I ‘m not going to worry about it. Okay yeah I’ll worry, but I’m not going to let this one gigantically minor problem mess up my life forever.” With those words she stood up, almost all of the aches gone now…. And found herself drifting in the water, with a resigned sigh she swam back up to Loh and faced him. “What I need from you is a guide. Someone to show me what life is like down here. Are there more of you?” He nodded “Okay good, I’d like to meet them, eventually, right now I need to get used to being here myself. There’s nothing for me on land, in fact I’ve dreamt of being able to stay in the water forever. I just never really thought…” At this she drifted herself to the sand and began to cry. 

Trying to hide her face from him she covered it with her hands. In doing so she felt what seemed to be gill slits on the sides of her neck.  Well that explains that she thought, in a very non explaining way. Suddenly tired of all the changes and unanswered questions she began to sob. And not your run of the mill crying jag, this was an epic cry. All the fears, doubts and questions she had came shuddering through her body in wailing moans. She dug her fingers into the sand. This went on for some time, she would punch at the sand now and then for good measure. Finally she collapsed onto the sea floor, worn out, her body still shaking every so often as the tears continued to fall.

Loh, who had been watching all of this with understanding sat beside her now. He gently pulled her over so that she was lying on his chest. He couldn’t feel her tears, as they went instantly into the sea, but he could feel the effects in her body and see her pain. He enclosed her gently in his arms. “Let it out…”

“Aly” she whispered, burrowing her cheek into his chest

“Cry it out Aly” Loh said gently “Then I can show you this beautiful world of mine, and even if you don’t find your answers, you may find peace.”

She squeezed him lightly then lay there, thinking. 

Her gaze slid over his well toned body, taking in the cut lines of his face, the gills in his neck… which strangely looked normal on him, down to his strong arms and chest on which she still lay. His hands, which were stroking her arms most pleasantly, were webbed below the first knuckle. She continued her examination. His belly was hard and flat, he had the cutest little inny belly button. From there her eyes grew rounder as she continued to go down. Right below his hips his body formed into a long muscular, well, fish tail. It was a little longer than his legs would’ve been, and covered in dark green scales that glistened in the moving water. The end of his tail was a great frond of green blue that moved lazily in the water. Amazed, and quite forgetting just what she was doing, she reached out to touch his tail, running her hand down his side. The scales were smooth and shiny, like warm polished living gems. Her fingers trailed all over his tail, rubbing and feeling. He groaned quietly and her eyes darted to his.

With a wry look he explained “My people have, um, quite a bit of sensitivity in our tails” 

Sensitivity…. Her eyes wandered back down to the area she had tried to prudently avoid before. And was shocked. “O my dear god this beautiful man has no penis!” She said out loud, instantly clapping her hand over her mouth and looking at Loh.

At this His eyebrows shot up. And he began to laugh. He fell back against the sand, holding his stomach as his obvious good humor bellowed out. He laughed and laughed, finally drawing himself up on one elbow, still chuckling wildly. He looked at her with dancing green eyes and said. “My dear, you actually think..” At this he had to put his face in his hand and laugh for another minute or so. By now she was becoming confused, and annoyed. He finally looked back up at her and said calmly “My dear woman, I do indeed have a penis” He struggled manfully to keep a straight face “It is simply out of sight” At her perplexed look he went on “Surely your people don’t have theirs outside at all times?” At her affirming nod he went white “Oh god, that’s just, but anything could happen, a passing fish with sharp teeth, a bit of reef.” He looked like he was going to pass out. 

Now it was her turn to laugh quietly. She went up to him and put her hand to his cheek, turning him to her. She said “The men do in fact keep their genitals on the outside, and I’ve often regarded this as a bad move on the evolutionary plan.” He laughed. She went on impishly “But as I am new to your world and people, and I don’t want to appear to be a fool, could you perhaps show me this wonder of underwater physiology?

He smiled broadly and cupped her cheek with his hand as well. “Well, I have to be aroused for it to make an appearance….”

She smiled softly and crept to him, she kissed him gently on his full lips. He seemed surprised at first, but then his lips softened beneath hers and he returned the kiss. Soft skin rubbing against soft skin, their hands explored each other. His tongue traced her lip, and she opened, inviting him in. The hot wet of their mouths became a playground, dueling and exploring, testing and caressing. Her fingers wound in his hair, pulling him to her. He let a hand fall down her arm and across her chest, brushing against a taut nipple, catching it and rubbing, holding and caressing. She gasped into his mouth. His breath coming harder, he whispered into her hair “The event which you were wishing for is taking place. My god you’re beautiful.”

She kissed him again and looked toward his waist. And her mouth fell open. An inch or so below where his tail started, she could now see, were strangely and beautifully arranged scales. And his cock was actually rising just like s a surface persons, but from beneath a protective scale shield of sorts. The scales conformed perfectly around his aroused penis, feathering away in such a way as to leave no edges in interesting places. This area had that strange but beautiful shimmer that the rest of his skin had. She eagerly reached out a hand, touching his tail at the base of his cock, circling around it, marveling at the smooth hot scales and what had emerged from them. She grazed her nails lightly across his tail and felt a hand against her back. 

“Um, would you mind not doing that? Unless of course you wish to follow through, which you are under No compulsion to do whatsoever. Really. I just can’t take any more of your research. Okay?” 

She responded by kissing him deeply, plundering his hot mouth with her tongue. Licking and nibbling she went across his jaw and to his ear. Biting his lobe gently she licked the crevice behind and then whispered “I want you Loh”

At that he seized her by the waist and propelled them up into the water. She clung to him, half in fear, and half just wanting to feel him

“Remember, I’m not exactly used to this whole swimmy swimmy life thing” she reminded him calmly. 

He held her tighter for a moment and said “I know, that’s why I’m carrying you, I’m sure you’ll be able to get around fine on your own once you get used to it. But I’m just a little impatient at the moment.”

She giggled and snuggled closer as his powerful tail and undulating body carried them through the water. “Where are we going?” she asked

“A bit deeper there’s a beautiful spot, I want to show it to you.” He huskily replied

Getting an idea, she quickly scrabbled over his arm and around to his back. 

“What are you doing, you, you crab!” he said as he grabbed for her.

“No don’t.” she laughed “Swimming will be easier for you this way.” And at that she held onto a shoulder with each hand, letting her body float up and behind him. Catching on, he swam quickly through the water, no longer hampered by trying to swim with her in one arm at his side. 

She settled in. Feeling his muscles move beneath her fingers, watching his fluid but powerful movements as they shot through the water.  She leaned her head back and closed her eyes. Enjoying the sensation of liquid silk rushing over her exposed skin.  Peace began to fill her completely for the first time in her life. Loh slowed his pace and came to a stop. She looked around.

Light filled the air. Blues, purples, pinks, and greens all wove across each other in a living display. Loh began to speak “The reef in this area has a luminescent property that…” She kissed him to shut him up. Smiling against his mouth she caressed his cheek and brow. He tugged her closer, pressing her breasts against his chest, her aroused state returned in full. She rubbed herself against him. Dragging her hands down his back, kneading the area where his tail began in back, caressing his chest, sweeping over his skin. She traced his nipples with her nails, noticing for the first time a distinct lack of body hair anywhere but his head…. but she guessed it was to be expected. She began to taste and nibble her way down his body, learning to navigate around his body in the water. She licked her way down his neck, biting and sucking along the way, her nails grazing up and down his back. He moaned and brought her arms up and around his shoulders. Kissing her cheek and throat he said “Listen, I feel stupid for having to ask… “ more kisses to her neck. “But, well, are you ready, aroused? On one of my own people I would know the signs for sure. But you’re rather a bit different, and I don’t want to hurt you. So I was just hoping to confirm….”

At that sweet statement she stretched out and caught his lower lip gently in her teeth, sucking and nibbling on it. She took one of her hands and went between her own legs, dipping into the slick liquid there. She brought her fingers back up to his face and lovingly pressed a finger into his mouth. Confused at first, he tasted her finger, and his eyes went hot. He grabbed her face in his hands, bringing her to him. He drove his mouth on hers, plunging and sucking, drowning in her.  She could feel his cock burning against her stomach. As she traced it with her hands he shuddered. She wondered at this slick, hot, smooth, shimmering cock that pulsed beneath her hands. When she began to rhythmically rub and squeeze, he shook his head violently and put his forehead against hers. Panting heavily he said “I love it, but I can’t feel that and not want to take you right here.”

“Then take me” she replied softly. 

He gave her a scorching kiss, and then grabbed her hips and lifted her. He brought her back down, sliding her against his body, kissing her breasts as they passed, then her neck. His cock nudged at the apex of her thighs. Begging entrance to their closed lips. He tried to push past, but couldn’t. Looking confused and half demented his eyes plead with her. Smiling, she moved his hands from her hips to her waist “Remember” she said “I’m different” And at that she brought her legs around his waist, sheathing herself on him. His face broke into a smile, and then went hot again as she slowly lowered herself around him. 

He gasped, and then moaned low in his chest “You’re so hot, so tight and hot. And wet, my got you’re so hot.” He brought his arms around her, bringing her full against his body. Hugging each other tightly he began to move inside her. His tail moving slowly beneath them.  He surged in and out of her.  She leaned back in his arms, causing him to drive higher inside of her. She began to pant.  He arched forward, moving her with his hands on her waist, rocking in and out of her. He brought his lips to one of her beautiful breasts. Licking and kissing he went from one to the other. Always driving himself in and out of her tightness. He pushed himself in and drug himself out of her. And with every thrust she moaned louder, slamming herself against him. She began to move faster. The muscles that clenched his cock sped up, she tightened her legs around his waist. Mewling and moaning she felt like she was on fire. She grabbed his face to hers and kissed him, grinding and pushing against his cock. With one last shuddering push she grabbed his shoulders and screamed. White hot waves drove through her body as he continued to shove himself deep inside of her. His cock was suddenly squeezed in hundreds of tiny contractions as she came around him. Looking down at her shuddering body he drove himself in her once, twice, and then came into her so deep they both thought they were one. 

A good while later he began to pay attention to the world around him again. Still in awe of what he had just experienced with her, he looked down. They still rested gently in the area of the beautiful reef, he having unconsciously kept them from drifting too far. He looked down at her in wonder as he separated their bodies. His gaze drew itself over her face, with its dark arching brows, pert little nose, and lush pink mouth, and what he knew to be dark brown eyes, though they were closed now. Her hair was long and black, and was even now trying to drape itself over her mouth, he deftly brushed it away. Her lithe body was beautiful, cream colored, with interesting and appropriately placed spots of deep pink. His eyes went next to the place which had just brought him so much pleasure. Curious now, he feathered his fingers gently over her mons, feeling the soft hair, which was completely foreign to him. He thought it was kind of neat. At his touch she shifted slightly in her sleep, her legs falling further apart as one hand came up across her stomach. Curious and entranced he brought her thighs up to eye level in the water. Spreading her remarkable legs, and placing one on either side of his head, he inspected closer. Dark hair lightly concealing ivory lips, which he parted to discover a dark pink wonderland. Touching lightly he traced the slick pink with his fingers. Edging around the outside, rubbing and caressing. One finger brushed across a nub near the top and her hips jerked. Ah ha, so some things were still the same. 

Not wanting to wake her however, despite the fun that would surely follow, he gently brought her legs back down. Though he was sorry to see his new playground go. Holding his sleeping wonder in his arms, he gently swam through the warm currents. Looking down at Alys sleeping face he smiled in contentment. She needed the rest, and he could travel while she slept.  With that Loh, with Aly in his arms, swam off into the blue.