 Later that night...day... whatever it was now, Aly and Loh were finishing up their meal. Aly had been surprised but accepting of the fact that the Abdhi apparently abhorred the idea of eating meat. In fact when Aly had asked if they ate fish Loh had looked at her as if she'd asked for a tasty bit of her own arm. Ah well, she decided, she'd learn all this in time. And it wasn't like she was in danger of starving, kelp and other various plants had turned out to be quite tasty. 

Along with food habits Loh had also been educating her on his people. Where they lived, social customs and the like. It was all pretty damn weird. But hell, Aly had always wanted to go to a foreign country and have new experiences, so she was getting her wish. Sort of. 

Loh had informed her, amid playful kisses and touches, that it would still be 4 tides before they would reach his home. He had also assured her that she would be welcome there. 

"Loh?" she asked finally, not wanting to put it off any longer "Is there anyone waiting for you at home, someone who would be expecting us to, well, not be having sex?"

"Don't worry Aly" he replied. "Although they Will be taken off guard, there are legends of people such as you coming to us, so the idea of you will not be without precedent. I would actually like to take you to the history cache, so you can learn these stories yourself."

She threw herself into his arms at that point, so happy that all she could do was squeeze him and make squeaking noises. 

Smiling, he held her against him and ran his fingers through her long silky hair. She really was a wonder, and he was glad to have found her. He was just glad she hadn't pressed with the original question.

Loh swam up above the coral hollow they were in to make sure of the currents and their direction, so she swam up to the other edge to take in the view. So many colors! She hadn't thought she would've been able to see so well deep underwater, but for some reason she could. Clear waters full of bright fish and brilliant plants. She could spend hours just looking. And she lived here now! She would have done a happy dance, but, well, she didn't quite have the hang of fine motor coordination way under water yet. 

Out of the blue waters there came a great big school of fish. Aly had no idea what they were, just that it was beautiful. A gigantic swath of gleaming silvers and blues sweeping so close by that she was pushed back in the water, she giggled and glanced up at Loh. He was looking down at her and grinning. Just as he started to motion with his hands the fish changed directions and were all around her! Not being used to avoiding fish, working with water currents, And swimming in a straight line, she was flung around a bit. She could hear Loh yell and hoped for his sake that he had grabbed for her, but it was too late. "Loh!" she yelled. The fish, somehow, shifted again and she was flung like a basketball down to the seabed. 

Screaming, she hurtled the short distance to the jagged reef, unable to slow herself in her panic. And then she stopped. Loh had her, she grabbed onto him and buried her face in his neck. Thank god he'd caught her. At the same moment that she realized Loh had somehow grown breasts she heard him say her name softly... from behind her. She looked up, screeched like a murdered hen, and scrabbled back from the person who had been holding her. After a very undignified sprawl she got the few feet to Loh. He held her close to him and soothed her with his hands while murmuring comforts. "are you all right little one?" he asked. She nodded. 

Aly took his comfort as she could let herself, straightened her shoulders, and turned back to the strange. "Thank you very much for saving me from what I'm sure would have been quite the bruising experience." She said, smiling. "You have wonderful timing, and I'm grateful." 

The woman, truly stunning in her wild beauty, looked at her with fascination. "Do you really not know who I am?" she murmured. "Has this daft tuna told you nothing of me?"

Suddenly Aly found it prudent to back away from Loh. He tried to snag her arm but she, for once in this new environment, found some agility and avoided him. Trying not to show her new mistrust and pain she looked at Loh and said two words. "Tell Me."

He slowly explained that the beautiful Abdhi woman's name was Kle and that she was his life partner. He didn't try to stop Aly from edging away from him, though the pain in her eyes caused his heart to ache. He went on to say that the Abdhi mated for life, he and Kle had been such for 15 years at that point. But, he also said that the Abdhi life partners, while never leaving each other, did often bring in another party. And that's what he was hoping would happen with her. He had been planning to explain all this on the way to his home. 

Aly was suddenly furious. "You son of a Bitch! You were going to tell me a pretty story, take me to your home, and throw me into another woman's bed. Without even asking her!" Aly tightened her fists at her sides, ready to beat the hell out of him if he tried anything. Loh seemed to have some sense however as he stayed well back from her. 

As tears started to well up in her eyes Aly spoke. "I am going to go just around this bit of reef here, sit down, and cry for a while. I thought I knew you, and you probably are still the man I thought you were. But right now I need to go be sad for a bit, so if you'll excuse me." Then she turned to Kle and whispered "I am so sorry, if I've caused you any pain I apologize." It looked like Kle was going to say something, but Aly was already swimming off. 

Aly was thankful that at least some of her former underwater grace had come back to her, as she didn't embarrass herself in her exit. Going around the reef she found a smooth dip in the beautiful coral and sank into it. And then she began to cry. Why did the only person she had have to do this to her! She curled up against the rough reef and sniffled for quite a bit. And then she made herself start thinking logically. He had said he intended to tell her everything. So it wasn't so much that he lied, as that he was discovered too early. He still should have told her, she stubbornly thought, but she understood. And it wasn't as if Aly actually objected to the idea of being intimate with Kle. She enjoyed women as much as she did men, and Kle was beautiful. With her incredibly long dark green hair and cinnamon skin she looked like the ocean at night. And those eyes! They were a sparkling sapphire blue. She had fine features, a strong jaw but still femme. No she wouldn't have minded enjoying Kle, but all that was probably ruined now. Why would Kle want to be with a creature that looked nothing like her and had slept with her life partner without her consent.. Agh this was so crazy. She burrowed deeper against the rough sea life and whimpered. What was she going to do!

From the side their came a soft "Aly?". "Go away Loh." She hiccupped "Now is not a good time."

"I know it's not, but I think we need to talk. And I'm not Loh." And then, there was Kle. 

Kle laid a strong webbed hand on Aly's shoulder. "Don't you think we need to talk?" Kle said. Aly nodded. "Now", said the Abdhi "I think we need to straighten some things out. I do not object to you as a species, as Loh has told you we've has special ones come to us before in our history, and it has always turned out well." As she spoke Kle rubbed Aly's arm soothingly, relaxing her. She began again "In fact I think you are absolutely stunning, and would love to bring you into our home. You also appear to be intelligent and good, which makes the arrangement even more appealing. In fact if I'd seen you first I probably would have suggested it. It's simply the way things came about that made it... difficult. I have come to accept it, can you?" Still rubbing Aly. She lifted an inquiring brow. 

"I would like to try." murmured Aly. "But if at any point you or Loh want me gone just let me know and I'll leave and I won't say anything and..." Her words were stopped by a pair of very soft lips on hers. They moved gently against hers, lighting a fire deep inside her belly. Aly moaned. Kle pulled away and smiled "what do you say we give Loh a bit more time to think while we get to know each other. When I came back here he was swimming worriedly in circles, he has probably caused a whirlpool by now." she laughed.

"That sounds like a plan" Aly agreed "but lets not leave him to long, I don't want him to Really worry..." But then her lips weren't hers alone anymore, again. 

Lordy but Kle did have the most enticing lips ever. Silky soft they rubbed and moved and caressed against Alys own. Aly traced her hands over and down Kle's arms. Trailing a hand up and down the Abdhi's spine. Kle thrust her hands into Alys mane, pulling her closer she sucked and nibbled on Aly's bottom lip, caressing it with her tongue, begging entrance. When Aly opened her mouth Kle thrust inside and began making love to Alys mouth. Aly felt the same area of her heart that had warmed to Loh, warming to this Abdhi as well. Aly laved her tongue against Kle's, dueling and loving with every breath. Alys movements became more fevered, she brought a hand to one of Kle's breasts and began caressing and tugging. Squeezing and pulling. She bent down for a quick taste of Kle's breast, so sweet and warm, then went back up for more hot kisses. She shifted so that one of her legs was behind Kle, one over her beautiful tail. Their mouths in passion they rubbed their chests together, feeling their nipples pressing and rubbing against each other. Kle couldn't seem to make herself let go of Alys thick hair. She caressed her neck and face, gripped her tresses with exuberant passion as she explored the warmth of Aly's mouth. Aly herself was exploring Kle. One hand was still making her partners breasts into twists of desire and heat, while her other had drifted down Kle's spine to grip her ass. Well, tail, but it was that bit of her. Aly rubbed and caressed the back of Kle's tail while her other hand twisted and tugged her nipples. Kle leaned back and let out a wail of heat. 

Kle grabbed the hand that had been playing with her breasts and put it at her sex. "Please" Kle sobbed "I need it. I've watched you and Loh, I need release Now." With these words Kle worked her way over to Alys neck and began sucking and laving, making Aly gasp. 

Aly looked down to the tail between her legs. With one knee over the tail she still had plenty of maneuverability and view. And what she saw made her mouth water. There beneath her hand, surrounded by green and gold scales, was a pink slit. It was about 3 inches long and beautiful. Aly brought one trembling finger to the edge and traced it. Kle moaned and rocked against her. Which made Aly realize that her own sex was nestled up against Kle's warm tail. She smoothed her fingers around the slit and realized that she cold feel heat coming from inside. While Kle played with her partner's breasts and sucked on her neck, Aly began to explore. She dipped first one, then two fingers into the slit. Surprised at the moist heat she found inside. As she slowly thrust her fingers in she could feel the muscles and flesh tugging and rippling around them. This was So hot. As she swept her fingers in and out of the delectable creature she began to move her own heat unknowingly against Kle's tail. Kle moaned into Aly's neck as her body caught fire. Kle began to move against Aly's fingers, begging and pleading for more. Her hands had given up on playing with Alys breasts and were now simply gripping Alys shoulders for dear life. As Aly added another finger she found a small bit of tissue in the top of Kle's slit. Kle screamed. Holy shit, thought Aly, it's her clit! Making sure to rub that spot every time Aly began to thrust her three fingers faster into Kle. The body jerking and moaning against hers was more than enough incentive. Not to mention the burning in her own pussy where she was grinding against Kle's tail. 

"Look to your left" gasped Kle. And there, fire in his eyes, was Loh. Fully aroused and thrusting into his own hand he had obviously been there for at least a little while. Kle, grinning, looked to Aly for assent. And finding it, began to kiss Aly again. Having never let up on her assault on Kle's slit, Aly redoubled her efforts. Now slamming her fingers all the way in to the slick hole, Aly began to whimper herself. The friction of her clit against the tail was becoming too much for her, she was going to come. Not wanting to go alone Aly added a fourth finger and massaged her ass with the other. Kle began to scream. She came, shuddering and grinding against Aly. Who, with Kle climaxing against her clit, came as well. Kle's slit tightened around Alys fingers at the same time her nails scratched down her back, sending Aly into another shock of delirium. 

Once the aftershocks had died down Aly raised her head up from Kle's shoulder to find a bloody spot under her mouth where she had bitten down when she came. Aly licked it up. And then, finally removing her fingers from the trembling slit, brought them to her mouth and licked them clean. Kle caught her chin with her hand and brought their mouths together for one of the sweetest kisses either of them had ever experienced. 

With a smile, they both turned to Loh, his cock still hard and shining in his still hand. 

"I believe we've worked things out" Kle said.

"I think it will be most satisfactory for all concerned" chimed in Aly. 

Loh responded "I heard Kle scream and came to see what was happening, and well... I'm glad everything worked out." He grinned. "So are we all friends now?"

Kle and Aly, both with a gleam in their eye, got up. Clasping hands they swam over to Loh and Kle said "Oh yes, we're all friends now m'love."

And as one Kle and Aly sank down and began to kiss and lick his cock. Loh smiled and began caressing their lovely hair and faces. Aly began to lick and touch the base of his beautiful cock and the tail around it while Kle took the main job of enveloping him in her mouth tongue and throat. After a little bit of such play Kle drew back and, after licking a pearly drop of precum off Loh's cock, kissed Aly deeply. Sharing the taste with her. Loh groaned. With him still rock hard and straining Kle drifted slowly up his body while Aly continued cock play. Kle kissed her life partner, giving him all the tastes in her mouth, all the love in her heart, all the passion in her body. He grabbed her around the waist and brought her to the center of his body. With a smile to Aly, who had moved aside, they began. Slowly, slowly Loh pushed his penis into his love's hot slit. Due to her earlier love play and release she was already fully sensitized whimpering as soon as he was halfway in. Aly crawled up beside them and began playing with what bits she could see. Mainly caressing and rubbing their tails, especially around their sexes. They both groaned loudly. With a yell Loh sheathed himself fully in Kle. As soon as he was in she began to scream and thrash. Coming and convulsing around him she kneaded his cock with her body. As he felt her hot nectar spread over his flesh he came in her. Gripping her waist he thrust into her again and again until he was finished and shaking. 

She rested weakly against him, laying her head in the curve of his shoulder she smiled, her hair mixing and drifting with his in the shifting waters. 

"That was quick" he murmured.

She giggled "Well it's not like we weren't already on the edge when we began." He nodded assent. 

They both looked to Aly who was laying on the sand smiling happily at them. Loh had an idea. "Kle my dear, I have Got to show you something."

And he proceeded to show her the wonders of Alys body. How soft and open her sex was. How easily you could lick all the folds and thrust into the hole with your tongue. How her legs spreads easily to go on your shoulders so that you could reach all the closer to her sex, and that intriguing small hole in the back. Which, upon their further exploration, they found to be quite sensitive as well. And so they came to experimentation. Loh, with Aly in front of him, her back to his chest.

"Are you sure you want to try this Aly?" Loh asked. "We can stop any time you want."

"I know," she replied "I've always wanted to try this."

And so he slowly began to poke at her anus. This wasn't going anywhere. "Um, hmmm" said Loh. "let me try something."

And he brought her wonderful plump ass up to face height and began to lick it. Kle, catching on, came to the front and began to kiss and lick Aly's pussy. Kle, it turned out, was quite goods at this and soon had Aly writhing. Kle lipped and kissed the wet pink folds, sucked and nibbled the pearl of a clit, and used her fingers quite well as she caressed and thrust deep with them. Meanwhile, at the other side, Loh had worked his way slowly to the small puckered hole. He nibbled and licked the surrounding flesh and then began to lave to hole itself. It was warm. Next he slowly wiggled his tongue in just a little bit. At Aly's startled gasp, he gripped her cheeks and plunged his tongue in the rest of the way. Aly whimpered. He could feel his love just a few inches away kissing Alys mons and making love to her. Every once in a while the life partners would reach out and caress each other. As Kle drove her fingers into Aly, Loh began to thrust his tongue in and out of her incredibly tight hole. Aly moaned and rocked helplessly. When he thought it was enough Loh release her ass and drifted so that his hard sex was once again nestled in her bottom.

This time when he thrust forward there was at least some give, and he slowly pushed his way in her tightness. Aly screamed and clawed at the water. He stopped, she sobbed. He drew her back so that her back was against his chest and caressed and soothed her. His cock still part way inside of her. Kle had never stopped driving Alys sweet pussy mad and soon Aly found herself bucking against the stimulus again, the fire in her belly once again growing, and overwhelming the pain. At her reassuring caress Loh began to push into her again. Slowly filling her body until she thought he filled her entirely. Then he began to ease back out, and she thrust her body back trying to keep him in her. He caressed her and whispered to her, gentling her. By now she was wholly lust crazed and just wanted to feel more. All rational thought was gone, all she cared about was the tongue and fingers that were driving her pussy, and the steel in her backside that was filling her. As he began to thrust in and out she began to rock. Kle rose and, with 3 fingers pumping in and out of Aly's luscious body, began to suck and tug on Alys breasts. Kle spared one hand for her own hungry pussy, and began to drive herself to ecstasy once again. As Loh drove into Alys incredibly tight hole again and again he couldn't believe his joy. He reached around and began to caress her breasts and clit. Aly went over the edge.

One second she was being pleasured from every area, with a shaft filling her completely, enveloped in two passionate bodies. And the next she had been flung onto an electric wire. Her body exploding in a white haze of fire and ice as she screamed to heaven. Kle had been waiting for the chance to go over the edge, and Aly rippling around her fingers and shuddering was just the thing to send her over. When Aly clenched around him, her body bowed, Loh found himself in the same white heat as she. His entire body was one solid pulse of ecstasy. 

Still locked together, the trio drifted on the currents. Lost to everything but themselves and their joy.