 Sarah and I were students together at a University in the South of England. We both were doing an Engineering degree but unbeknown to her I wasn't exactly a human being.

I was an Alien visitor from the Planet of Kevlar, so hundred million light years away. We are species that like to know what other species know so we got sent down to live among them.

In my case I got sent to earth in a human form to get a human education and interact with the natives in their own environment.

I got the grasp of human society fairly quickly, it is basic and primitive but not without its pleasures. Kevlar is quite sterile in many ways; for starters sex isn't exactly something we do there.

We reproduce artificially and have done so for the last couple of million years. However when we Kevlarians are in human form we are capable of having sex with one very BIG difference. Unlike real humans we can do it as often as we like and for as long as we like.

The art of human sex fascinates my species, so along with learning about human ways, their education, their family lives we are encouraged to learn as much as we can about sex.

Now this does not include doing it as often as we would like because we are, well er, quite well endowed if you know what I mean, and we could end up hurting a human being but when I met Alyssa, I knew that this particular human being was one of those rare exceptions to the rule.

Alyssa was Sarah's twenty year old younger very nymphomaniac sister. She could never get enough sex; she was willing to be fucked by anyone from teenage boys to sixty year old men.

If a guy could fuck, Alyssa would spread her legs for them without a qualm. She had no morals and she wasn't at all choosy who she fucked or got fucked by.

"My sister, my dear Robert," Sarah said to me in a matter of fact voice when I curiously asked her about Alyssa, "Is a born slut, she can't help it, she has to have sex, it's as simple as that, the more she gets the more she wants."

"Doesn't it bother you?" I asked my friend curious about Sarah's attitude to her younger sibling. I was that people on earth had varying attitudes towards sex, and some were quite moralistic.

Sarah shook her head, "Not at all" she said, "It's the nature of the beast, my mother thinks its hormonal, she's probably right, but Alyssa keeps getting laid and the older she gets the hornier she gets, you get used to it after a while." 

Alyssa was a big solid blond haired blue eyed girl who stood just over five foot seven in her socking feet. She had the biggest pair of tits I have ever seen, 52 FFF, yes that big, her thighs were rolls of rippling flesh, her buttocks were the younger sisters of Mount Everest and her mouth, it was a veritable grand canyon, and her tongue, I have never seen a tongue so long, and thick and red flicking between a pair of pouting strawberry red lips.

She was also incredibly fit though despite being so big, she swam every day and weight lifted every three or four days.

She was very popular at the gym where she trained, mainly because she pumped the male members as much as she pumped iron.

I found out later that she was known as the Gym's Special Exercise Machine, well oiled, well used, well lubricated and well and truly fucked.

Alyssa never tried to get into my pants mainly I think because Sarah had warned her off where I was concerned but I knew she wanted to have me. I could see it in her eyes, the lust, the desire, the desperation to get into my pants.

I mean I was quite good looking. The one thing about my species is that when we take on another species form we can pick and choose how we look.

I went for short blonde hair, skin that tanned nicely; I like earth's sun, blue eyes with flecks of gold in them, a muscular but not overly muscular body, a good height, 5"10", and fine features, I think you call them classical Grecian features though I don't know why!

Alyssa behaving herself where I was concerned was because she was frightened of her older sister, nothing else phased her, being called a slut, a tramp, a walking mattress and such like, she laughed those off, in fact she got off on them but Sarah she was afraid of.

Sarah was a petit girl, taller than Alyssa but nowhere near the same physical size but she was more than capable of taking on Alyssa and flooring her verbally and physically too if she wanted. 

Alyssa had only ever tried her luck with Sarah once and she never tried it again. Two black eyes, a fat lip, swollen ears, a broken nose, a bruised cheek bone, plus a lot of loose teeth made Alyssa realise the bigger you are, the harder you can fall.

Now I won't deny that I didn't want to fuck Alyssa. I did, I mean what red blooded Alien wouldn't want to fuck such a hot piece of human ass that is willing to ride you to glory and back again?

However I kept Alyssa at arm's length, making her want me all the more, making her frustrated that I was so near and yet so far.

For the duration of my degree I made sure that Alyssa could look but not touch. And then it was graduation time for Sarah and me.

Alyssa came down a couple of days before the big event. Being students by the sea makes it a nice place to have a holiday for humans and Aliens alike I might say!

I shared a flat with Sarah; we were such good friends it had worked out really well and I had no problem with Alyssa staying over, because she knew better than to try anything on with me.

However with the end of college at hand, I decided that I was going to give myself a graduation present before returning to my home planet of Kevlar.

I was going to fuck Alyssa, and I was going to give that hot pumping human bitch the ride of her slutty little life in more ways than one.

However I did respect Sarah and I didn't want to upset her. If she had asked me not to bang her sister, I would have been disappointed but I would have honoured her wishes. However Sarah had no problems with me fucking her sister. She laughed when I asked her about it.

"Go ahead," she said, "Everyone else has had her, why shouldn't you fuck her too? I'm surprised you haven't done it already, she's great for those times you haven't got a girlfriend!"

So to enable me to do what I wanted Sarah made an excuse the morning that Alyssa arrived to stay at a friend's place so I could have my "evil way" with her voracious voluptuous sister.

Now Alyssa might be the easiest lay on the planet earth but she certainly isn't stupid. I don't think she could believe her luck when Sarah casually told her she'd have to stay with me on her own for over 24 hours.

As usual Alyssa was wearing clothes that were far too tight for her. She had a liking for black and red PVC dresses and lacy underwear but today her PVC outfit was so tight on her there was no room for her to put on any underwear, bra or panties!

"Sarah said she probably won't be back until tomorrow afternoon," she said smiling at me as she handed me a bottle of beer she had taken from the freezer. She was flirting with me but at the same she was trying to be subtle, not sure if she was reading the signals I seemed to be giving her.

I smiled back at her and let my eyes moved to her huge breasts. She saw my very obvious gaze and pretended that I had a bit of fluff on my shirt and leaned over to brush it off. Her heavy mounds touched my shoulder.

"You've got great tits Alyssa," I said smiling up at her, "I'd love to see them properly, why don't you take your top off?"

She was taken aback my bluntness but my words turned her on instantly though she tried not to show it. She licked her lips.

"You're being a bit forward Robert," she said and then she gasped because I reached out and stroked the front of her dress, tracing the outline of her huge tits with my forefinger, circling where I could see her nipples straining under her PVC top.

"I could stop being forward," I said looking into her flickering blue eyes, "And you can go to bed and read a book if you like, or you and I can have a lot of fun, and when I mean fun I mean fun with a capital F."

"Really?" she croaked and then she moaned because I began to massage her breast, letting my palm move back and forth, pressing harder, smiling at her as I did.

"But we play by my rules," I said in a hypnotic voice, "Or we don't play at all."

I stopped stroking her breast and I let my hand drop to my lap and I waited for her answer. Alyssa tried to compose herself; she tried to be nonchalant and indifferent but I could smell her need, it was like sex perfume to my heightened senses.

"I might not want to play by your rules," she said and then she screamed in surprise because I grabbed the edge of her PVC blouse and yanked on it hard, the force of which made her loose her balance and she fell to her knees in front of me.

Before she could get her breath back, I shoved both my hands down the front of her blouse and found her huge plum tits, they were rock hard and the sensation of my hands touching her bare flesh made her jerk against my hands and increase the feeling of tingling pleasure.

"Make your mind up," I whispered and I leaned over and nuzzled the side of her neck, planting tiny kisses up and down her the side of her throat, licking the flesh, tasting her delicious salty sweetness. It was too much for her she let out a moan whilst her tits trembled under my touch.

"Yes," she croaked, "Oh yes!"

"Okay you big titted slut," I whispered in her ear making her writhe even more against me" Let's see what you have on offer!"

I pulled my hands out of her top, and sat back on the armchair to wait. Her hands fumbled with her top which was tightly buttoned and as she tugged all the buttons free open her huge jugs exploded forth. Her tits were the size of two swollen plums and I've never seen areoles that big before.

"Put your hands behind your head," I ordered her and she obeyed. She let out a cry of delight as I leaned over and latched my lips onto a plum tit and sucked hard, very hard, making her push toward my mouth.

"Oh yeeeeeeeeeeeees!" she let out a long audible gasp, "Oh yeeeeeeeeeeeeeees!"

I took her by surprise my suddenly gripping her shoulders and pushing her downward so she had to squat. I ran a finger over her huge luscious mouth when I came up for air after sucking her luscious tits.

I twisted two lots of her long golden hair around my fists and slowly pulled her face toward my crotch. She resisted slightly as I expected her too.

"My rules remember?" I reminded her and I heard a mumbled yes and she relaxed. I began to rub her face in a circular motion between my legs, using her twisted hair as leverage. She grunted but accepted it. I let her take her hands from behind her head as I wanted her to be able to be more flexible.

"Kiss me down there," I ordered her and I heard and felt butterfly kisses on my covered cock and balls.

"Good girl!" I said, "Now, you're going undo my pants, that's it, use your hands, slowly now, get my cock out, start playing with it, no use your mouth Alyssa, start licking it up and down, do it properly, it's nice and hard for you, get it into your mouth, don't pretend you can't, I'm going to fuck your face soon and you're going to make lots of nice noises whilst I do it, I'm going to stand up now, it's going to go all the way down your throat, no gagging please if you don't mind, now let's starting fucking your face!"

I began to thrust into her mouth, she gulped, I looked down at her from where I was standing, she was still squatting and looking up at me, my throbbing cock slid down her throat and she gripped my bottom for leverage, her blue eyes looking up at me lustfully.

"Noises of enjoyment please you filthy l slut!" I ordered her sharply and I yanked her head hard onto the shaft my cock and her eyes bulged as did her mouth because my balls slapped hard in to her rippling sucking lips. She gurgled and I thrust harder, and she gurgled some more.

"Suck harder!" I shouted at her, I was swelling inside her mouth; I had already been quite big when she had taken me into her mouth but I was getting bigger. Alyssa had no idea how big and long I could actually get, I was filling her mouth as my girth got wider and wider.

Her mouth was stretched to capacity and still I was growing, I was smiling broadly as I rammed my cock down her throat, she was whimpering now, her whole body was shaking, she was clawing at my buttocks and beads of sweat were beginning to appear on her hairline. She had certainly not expected this!

In and out I thrust, moving faster and faster, shouting at her to suck harder which she did, sweat was now pouring down her face.

Slowly I was pushing her backwards with my fucking; her body was moving backwards so she was almost lying on the floor. Her legs bucked and she managed to kick them out of their squatting position, she was still holding my buttocks whilst I was now sitting on her face fucking her mouth for all it was worth.

I began to slow down, not because I was ready to come, I wasn't, I slid out of her mouth and I heard air explode from her lips, her chest was heaving with the exertion of her efforts. My rigid cock was still in line with her mouth as I was practically sitting on her face and slowly her thick red tongue began to move around and around the rounded thick tip of my hard member. It was a divine sensation and sent ripples of enjoyment up my very human spine. I allowed myself a long sigh and I stroked her damp blonde hair. Her hands moved from my buttocks and she gripped my cock firmly as she propped deeper and deeper into the pulsating helmet, tasting and licking me with obvious enjoyment.

She was smiling lustfully up at me, horny, dirty and ready to do whatever I wanted.

"Keep using your tongue like that, start licking my balls now, run you tongue up and down the shaft, Hmmmmm, that's it lap it up, you sure know how to suck a cock Alyssa, oh yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees!"

I made her to that for ten minutes, feeling her get hotter and hotter under me, I was rock hard and oozing cum but there was no sign of me coming properly and I slid off her face.

"Shall I stop?" I said looking down at her red heaving face and bulging cheeks. 

She couldn't speak for a moment, she was too busy licking her lips, she shook her head and then I pulled her to her knees again by her hair which made her yelp in surprise rather than pain. I gripped one huge fleshy jug in my hand and began to squeeze it, fondle it, and maul it.

"You better start lactating before long! I want to milk these titties dry real soon!"

Alyssa's eyes widened at my words, and I felt her nipples go hard again. I rubbed her belly with a free hand and kissed her hot mouth, eagerly she kissed me back. I slid one of my hands down to her crotch, my fingers ready to plunge into her sticky hot wetness. She sensed what I was going to do and parted her legs so I had easy access to her cunt.

"I thought you were going to cum in my mouth!" she gasped at last managing to find her voice, "My God it was fan...ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!" She never finished the last part of her sentence because I plunged my fingers into her cunt and began to thrust them in and out. She was soaking wet and stretched and I knew that she would easily accommodate my whole hand.

I clenched my hand into a fist and plunged it into her cunt. Her body straightened, her lips rippled into a giant "O" her hands clawed at my shoulder and she thrust herself up and down on my fist. I had to be careful as I didn't want her to come just yet so I only fisted her for a couple of minutes, and when I pulled my hand out she fell against me, shaking and trembling, at the same time her hands were pulling at the buttons on my shirt, and her hot mouth began to lick and kiss my nipples which was a wonderful sensation I wasn't expecting.

"You taste so nice!" she groaned as she fondled my chest, she tugged at my paps, making them go hard and then gobbled at them, making delicious sucking noises that I found a surprising turn on!

She was ready to be ridden I decided.

"On your back you piece of fuck flesh" I ordered her, "Be a good piece of ass and spread your legs, it's time to get this ship on the move!"

Alyssa obeyed me without protest, lying on the floor and spreading her legs to reveal a nicely shaven crotch, glistening, wet, hot and full of throbbing fire it was that eager and ready to be pounded into a mind blowing orgasm.

I lowered myself so that the tip of my cock parted the lips of her cunt and without any preparation I thrust the throbbing mass inward, and upward, hard! Now Alyssa is well stretched down there, you don't do the cock mileage she does not end up with a rather large cunt. 

However I don't think even Alyssa was expecting something so large to be shoved up her fanny, she was aware that I had an abnormally large cock, what she wasn't aware was just HOW much bigger I had become during our kissing and fooling around.

Breath exploded from her body, she went popeyed, she bucked, she strained, she bellowed, she hollered. She was a cavern down below but I was a cavern filler, and I grunted in pleasure as my flesh burrowed deep into her hot juicy cunt wetness. I filled her to capacity, touching the sides of her cunt and stretching them further than they had ever been stretched before.

It took forty seconds for her to register that this was going to be one hell of ride.

"OH SHIT, OH SHIT, OH SHIT!" she screeched as tears flooded into her eyes and her nose began to run, "YOU'RE GOING TO SPLIT ME WIDE OPEN!" 

I rammed hard my cock in and out of her cunt ignoring her wails, she screamed again, and her body moved up the carpet, desperately she dug her heels in, screeching she would get third degree carpet burn on her backside I was riding her so hard, I shouted back that her ass was going to be burning hotter that that soon enough so she should be glad of the sensation.

I forced her legs upwards, holding them tightly, forcing my engorged cock deeper into her heaving, straining wetness, I was hitting her clit now, hard strokes with the steel ridges rippling over my cock and the sensation began to ripple through her, her lips puckered, and a whistle of pleasure exploded from between her teeth.

She raised her bottom up and down, moving with me, faster and faster, it was like riding on and in a huge boat made of hot pulsating flesh. 

"YES! YES! YES! YES!" she shrieked over and over again, "OH YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES!"

Pleasure and pain were now mingled, I thrust harder and harder, my balls were practically inside her, they slapped against her straining buttocks, and I leaned over and grabbed her shoulders, using them as leverage, she instinctively strained against me which I wanted her to do. I began to shorten my thrusts, making her buttocks rub harder against the Axminster carpet.

"Pinch your tits!" I ordered her suddenly and her eyes widened, "DO IT!"

Her hands moved to her breast and she began to pinch the nipples, using her forefingers and thumbs.

I curled my lip to show my contempt at her this attempt, "HARDER!" I shouted at her, "HARDER THEM HARDER!"

Her fingers pinched and pulled her nipples, her eyes began to water again, her breath was coming out in loud ragged fast spasms, she was dripping in perspiration, her thighs were pushing up to meet mine, we were locked at the hips, and she was moving fast toward what she knew would be one hell of an orgasm.

I slapped her hands away from her tits making her squeal and then she was crowing seconds later because I had swiftly lowered my head and begun to suck on them, sucking, licking, gobbling those swollen bruised plums of hot flesh.

I raised my head and pushed my face close to hers.

"Lactate for Uncle Robert," I said as I crushed her mouth with mine and her eyes went huge, she bucked faster and faster against me, crying out in pleasure, my words triggered a reaction as I hoped it would and seconds later I felt a wetness against my chest. I had always wanted to know what it was like to suck a woman's tits and have a hot sweet liquid fill my mouth. Now I was to find out.
