 “Amanda.” the voice whispered, as if on the breeze that wafted in through the open window.

Amanda Lowell lay tangled in the sheets of her bed, the breeze trickling down her naked back and dancing down her bare thigh that was thrown over a plumped pile of covers.

“Amanda.”

This time her name registered in her sleepy mind and she began to stir. Slowly she opened her eyes and surveyed the moonlight splattered room. No one was there. Was it only in her mind that she heard her dream lover call her name?

Then, across the room the large full length mirror began to glow with an earthreal light, pale at first, but then growing in intensity.

“Amanda my love, come to me.” the voice beckoned.

As if entranced, Amanda rose naked from her bed; her long auburn tresses tumbling down to gently tickle her bare bottom. Reaching the mirror she lifted her hand and gently touched her fingertips to the glass.

Suddenly the light blazed around her. She could see nothing but the white fire that did not burn. Her heart raced as she felt her body being pulled forward. As the light faded, Amanda found herself on the other side of the mirror in a bedchamber that was not her own. Looking around the room she took in the massive four post bed, the crackling fire, the over stuffed chairs, the stone walls and all at once her eyes locked onto the purely masculine gaze that met hers from the shadows. 

“Welcome Amanda.” his honeyed voice poured inside her and warmed her in the deep, secrete places of her body as he slipped into the firelight. “I have been waiting so long for you.”

Amanda’s eyes drank him in. Tall, muscular, dark. He stood before her, dressed only in tight black breeches that barely concealed the straining bulge that pressed for freedom. His bare chest, lightly dusted with dark hair begged her fingers to touch. Her eyes slid up and onto the face of the man who had haunted her dreams. The man her sleeping mind had given herself to again and again.

“Wh…Who are you?” she stammered.

“Amanda, I’ve loved you in your dreams countless times. It is time that I love you in your flesh.” he said stepping closer and closer. She could smell the raw sensuality of his dusky skin. She ached to be in his arms.

“You are my Nathaniel? But how? How is it possible?” she searched his soulful brown eyes for answers and saw his unrestrained lust, his need to take her.

Holding out his arms Nathaniel said “You will receive all your answers in time my dear. But for now, come let me hold you. Let me love you in your flesh and truly make you mine.”

She stepped into the circle of his arms as he inclined his head and took her mouth with his. Unable to control the wave of lust that drove him; Nathaniel’s hands ran down her naked body. Stroking, caressing, teasing, touching Amanda’s skin for the first time, feeling her soft round breasts pressed against his chest, he slowly slid his tongue between her lips. Tasting her, sliding his tongue inside her hot, wet, velvety smooth mouth, his cock screamed for release from the torture of his breaches.

Amanda felt her nipples rubbing his hard chest, making them pebble hard and achy. She opened her mouth sucking lightly on his tongue. Her hands roamed the expanse of his muscled back and down to feel his firm ass. 

Slowing the heated kiss, Nathaniel pulled back to removed his breaches. His cock sprang free of its confinement. He was painfully hard. 

Pulling her to him Nathaniel began nibbling and sucking her earlobe, his breath sending shivers down her spine. “Amanda.” he whispered in her ear as his hands rose to cup her large soft breasts, feeling her hard nipples stab his palms. “Your breasts are lovely.” Slowly he began circling her nipples with his fingers. Lightly teasing and pulling them until she softly moaned. “Your nipples are so large and hard.” Pulling them harder, and then gently teasing with his fingertips. “Does that feel good? Do you enjoy it when if touch your nipples? Tell me Amanda, tell me what you like.”

Catching her breath as his tortuous fingers send slivers of pleasure through her body and down to her wet center she rasped “I do like it.”

“You like what Amanda, tell me what you like.” he said.

“When you…you touch my nipples. It makes my pussy ache for you.” she responded.

He presses his hardness against her stomach so she would feel his need. “Ache for what Amanda?” he said. “Tell me what you ache for.”

“Your cock,” she gasped as he pulled again at her swollen nipples. “I ache for you to fill me, to fuck me Nathaniel. I want your cock inside me.”

In an instant he lifted her and deposited her on the bed. She spread her legs for him, an invitation he didn’t intend to decline. Starting at her breasts, he kissed, sucked and licked his way down her body until his face was over her slick pussy. Blowing gently on her pulsing center he used his fingers to spread her pink folds, revealing her swollen clit. Slowly he began to lap at the bud of her desire. Amanda moaned as his tongue touched it and circled it. Tasting her, licking and sucking her, he slid two fingers inside her pussy and felt her tight muscles contract around them. Imagining it was his hard cock she was milking with her rhythmic squeezing, he increased his own lapping rhythm, driving Amanda over the edge. She came in a flow of sweet juice and satisfied cries of pleasure that he drank in hungrily.

Regaining consciousness she felt him sliding up her body and settling between her parted thighs, he took his swollen shaft in his hand. She watched as he stroked up and down a few times and then slid the large head up and down her drenched folds, covering it in her juices. Again he used his hand to stroke his cock before he leaned over and took her mouth as his cock slid into her aching pussy. Gasping her shock at the huge swollen hardness filling her, Amanda cried out. Nathaniel pulled slowly out, and then thrust in again. 

“Do you feel me Amanda?” he rasped. “Feel how hard I am. You feel so good wrapped around my cock. Like hot drenched silk.” Sliding out almost to the point of exit, then thrusting in, filling her, pulling out, thrusting in. Slowly finding his rhythm, she rocked her rips to join him, taking him inside her.

Her tight pussy pulsed against his cock as he slammed into her. Her inner muscles milked him as they had his fingers when he had licked her. He felt his balls lightly slapping against her ass as he thrust deep, then felt her waiting warmth strain to keep him inside as he stroked out. 

He felt her start to cum. The little tremors of pleasure turned into an earthquake and with one last deep stroke she found her release and took him with her. Moaning and grinding into her, Nathaniel called her name.

Minutes later Nathaniel raised his head and looked into her sleepy green eyes. Pulling out and stretching out beside her he whispered “Sleep My Love. There will be more.”