 Amanda awoke to pale sunlight trickling across the room. The reality of where she was dawned as her eyes opened and focused on the mirror that had brought her to Nathaniel. Thinking of him, she reached out with her hand. The bed beside her was empty, but she could still feel the fading warmth of his body that had lain pressed protectively against her own all through the night.

"Where are you Nathaniel?" she thought.

Her body protested as she tried to sit up. Muscles that she had forgotten existed screamed in agony, proof that this was not a dream. Her lips were raw and tingly, her nipples swollen. Memories of the passion of the previous night came back to her, shooting slivers of desire from her breasts to her pussy. 

She turned her attention back to the mysterious mirror. Getting stiffly out of bed, Amanda pulled the sheet around her shoulders and walked across the room. She reached out a tentative hand and touched the cool, unresponsive glass. Questions whirled in her mind.

How?

Why?

She had been dreaming of Nathaniel since the day she turned sixteen. She had turned twenty yesterday. 

Why?

Looking into the mirror, she parted the sheet to peruse her body. She felt like a different woman. Were there signs of her transformation? Seeing her swollen nipples, Amanda thought again of Nathaniel's rhythmic squeezing and felt the warm ripples of desire spread throughout her body. 

The mirror began to shiver. Like the surface of a glassy lake it rippled. She touched her fingers to her nipples and an image appeared. It was Nathaniel bent between her spread legs, gently lapping at her clit. The image continued to play out the last nights passion as Amanda watched, eyes wide, pussy wet and aching to be filled, as Nathaniel filled her in the image.

Slowly the image began to fade until once again she gazed at her reflection. 

Suddenly she felt a hot, hard body behind her. Hands snaked around her body and cupped her breasts from behind as hot breath warmed her neck.

"You are so beautiful Amanda." Nathaniel said. "Did you like watching us in the mirror? Did it excite you?"

Amanda leaned back into his chest. "Yes, it did. But how? How do I see this image?"

Ignoring her question, his hands roamed her body, touching her gently. Her skin was so creamy white it glowed in the morning sun. As she followed his exploring hands in the mirror with her eyes, almost mesmerized, he touched her nipples, feeling them harden beneath his fingers. Lightly grazing over her tummy that bowed out slightly, feeling the soft flesh. Circling round to cup the firm globes of her bottom, kneading them in his hands, fingers sinking into the crease then sliding around to dip down into the soft patch of auburn hair between her slightly parted thighs.

"Let me show you something else the mirror can do." Nathaniel whispered. He closed his eyes for a moment and the mirror began to ripple.

"Watch the mirror Amanda. Don't take your eyes off of it." he said as she backed up slightly to pull a chair before the mirror.

As Amanda watched, another image appeared in the mirror. It was a dark haired man lying on a bed. There was a blonde woman with him. She was nestled between his thighs and was slowly stroking the man's cock with her hands.

Nathaniel sat on the chair and positioned Amanda in front of him, facing the mirror.

"Who are they?" she asked him.

"A couple, enjoying each other."

"Are they real? I mean…do they exist?"

"Oh yes. They are real. They are from where you are from. No more questions, watch."

Amanda turned back to the mirror. The woman was gently caressing the man's balls in her left hand as she stroked his cock with her right.

"Part your legs for me." Nathaniel whispered. She opened her legs as she stood transfixed, watching the couple.

Nathaniel slid his fingers into her already wet pussy. Stroking in and covering his fingers with her juices as she watched the couple in the mirror. The woman leaned over and gently slid her tongue from the man's balls to the head of his cock then slowly swirled it around the swollen tip. She gently sucked the tip into her mouth as Nathaniel slid his fingers inside Amanda. Sliding in and out as the woman pulled the man deeper into her throat. Sucking his swollen shaft deeper then pulling it out and running her tongue around tip, sliding her tongue between the ridges of the head and sucking him back, deep into her throat. 

Nathaniel spread Amanda's folds and gently stroked her swollen clit. As the woman moved up to straddle the man, Nathaniel pulled Amanda's ass back and brought her down to an almost sitting position in his lap. 

"Take my cock inside you Amanda. Ride me as she is riding him."

Amanda spread her legs and reached in between them to grasp his cock and position it at her pulsing entrance. Nathaniel braced her by holding her waist until she had settled her self down, taking all of his hardness inside her. Nathaniel slid his ass forward to allow her to lean back on his chest. He snaked his arm around her and felt for her clit, circling it slowly as she rode him…watching the woman in the mirror ride the man. The man's cock was large, as large as Nathaniel's. She watched it thrust in and out, covered in the woman's glistening wetness. The woman pulled slowly up so his cock head just rimmed her hot hole, then sunk down, taking all of him inside her.

Amanda felt herself imitating the woman's movements…pulling up then thrusting down, feeling every inch of his shaft impaling her as his fingers continued to massage her aching clit. Amanda cried out, feeling her self begin to cum, watching the couple in the mirror, seeing the man's cock harden further and his balls pull against his body. Amanda's moans mingled with Nathaniel's honey voice.

"Cum for me Amanda. Ride my cock, feel how hard I am…all for you and your tight little pussy. Fuck me Amanda " Nathaniel groaned as he rocked his hips up into her pulsing cunt. 

Grinding down on his cock, moaning and begging to cum, feeling his fingers franticly rubbing her swollen pussy, Amada felt the bursting desire spread from between her thighs where Nathaniel impaled her with his throbbing hardness, throughout her body as she came, moaning and crying out. She felt the hot burst of Nathaniel's cum bathe the inside of her hot pulsing hole and heard him sigh with satisfaction against her neck as she leaned back into his chest, eyes closed, feeling the tremors fade into warmth. 

Moments later, Amanda's eyes opened, gazed up at the mirror and saw only the reflection of herself on Nathaniel's lap flushed from exertion, his cock still inside her. 

"It stopped." she said weakly.

"Yes" his eyes smoldered in the mirror "But we have not."