 Amanda stood, feeling his still erect cock slide from her body. She walked to the mirror and gazed at her reflection. 

“Nathaniel, it’s time you give me some explanations.” she said firmly.

Rising from the chair Nathaniel came to her, wrapping his strong arms around her waist. “I am not putting it off my love,” he whispered into her ear, nipping the lobe between his teeth, “it’s just when I’m around you, I can only think of loving you, pleasuring you, making you moan with ecstasy.” 

He watched her in the mirror, took in the sight of her. She was so beautiful. Her skin was creamy white and was so soft and supple it begged his fingers to trace light little teasing patterns over her gently rounded stomach. Her eyes, a mossy green, half veiled by heavy lids as he nibbled a line down the long column of her throat. Her nose was an almost childlike button and her lips, a pouty cupids bow. His eyes traveled down her body, feasting on the sight before him. Full, pert breasts with large rosebud nipples that puckered under his gaze and cried out to be sucked, tight waist and salaciously curved hips thighs and ass. And her hair, her hair was a mass of auburn tendrils, cascading down her back and covering her as if a cloak. He wound a hand in a length of her hair, feeling the silkiness. He watched her face, etched with contentment, and felt his heart begin to beat faster in his chest. It was time.

“The answer to your question Sweetness is simply magic.” he whispered to her, looking into her eyes. “I am a man from a world different than your own. From an age that I can no longer remember I studied under my Father to become a sorcerer, and in turn, succeed him to the throne of our land, which has been ruled by my family for centuries. In the time my family has ruled this land; it has been prosperous and peaceful. We’ve never once known famine, or war.”

Amanda turned around and stepped out of his arms, seating herself in the chair they had just shared. “That explains who you are. But it does not explain how I came to be here and how you came to my dreams for so long.”

“Patience My Dear, all will be revealed. The secret to the prosperity and peacefulness of my land lies in the mirror before you. Upon my sixteenth birthday, I was given this mirror as a gift, as is tradition. I did not know the purpose until that night when it was moved into my room. My Father came to me and told me the secret of the mirror and taught me the spells to unlock its magic. The mirror was a gate, he said, to other, countless worlds. Using the spell he had taught me, I was to sit before the mirror, alone, and it would show me my True Mate. It would allow me to be with her in dreams until the time came that my mate was prepared to come to me. And it would allow me to bring her through the mirror. My true mate must be chosen, as my mother was for him. And for as long as my family has ruled. The mirror would look inside a woman’s heart and mind to find the one who was meant to rule beside me and to bear my children. ” Nathaniel said, kneeling before her, taking her hands in his.

“That night I sat before the mirror and preformed the spell. And the loveliest vision filled the glass. It was you, lying on your bed, curls wild around you, pleasuring yourself. My cock became instantly hard as I watched your fingers dance over your sensitive flesh. And I felt my heart contract as I watched your beautiful face as you came. That was the first night I came to you Amanda. Do you remember?”

“Yes. I remember.” she whispered.

Kissing her fingers lightly he smiled and continued, looking into her eyes, searching for the answer he longed to hear, “I’ve loved you in your dreams since that night, getting to know you, creating a bond, so you would trust me when I came to you. When you turned twenty, I was able to claim you for mine. And I have. Amanda, I love you. And the continued prosperity of my land, and my heart, lies with you and your decision to accept me as yours.” 

With baited breath he waited for her to speak, his heart felt as if a fist was closing around it as she looked into his eyes.

Amanda rose and walked to the mirror, looking at the refection of the room behind her and the man that filled her body, mind and heart.

“Nathaniel I..I have loved you from the moment you first said my name. Being here with you is as if my prayers were answered. Yes, I accept you as….”

Nathaniel was kissing her before she had time to read the intent look on his face as he stalked across the room. His tongue sliding into her mouth, tangling with hers. His hands cradling the globes of her ass as he pressed her against his rigid cock. “I am so happy to hear those words from your lips.” he growled between kisses. Grasping her ass he lifted her. Amanda drew her legs around his waist, feeling the heat of this cock between her thighs as he deposited her on the bed. She looked into his eyes. They were smoldering with barely restrained lust. She felt the look he gave her down to her toes. He moved over her, spreading her thighs wide. Leaning down to taste her sweet swollen pussy he caressed her trembling body. His tongue slowly sliding up and down the outer most folds, then gently up the middle. He blew soft, warm air on her throbbing clit.

“Nathaniel. please.” she moaned, grinding her hips up to meet his mouth. He spread her lips with his fingers and his hot tongue began to work on her aching clit, lightly flicking, and then gently sucking varying his rhythm and pressure. He slid two fingers inside her wet warmth, feeling her muscles contract around them when she shattered, moaning and calling his name. When her clenching muscles and gyrating hips started to subside, he slid himself up her body.

“Cum again for me Amanda.” he rasped as he spread her open and plunged inside, filling her, his thick, hard cock stroking inside her pussy and gliding over her still quivering clit, sending hot sensation streaking out from the center of her pleasure. She felt every inch of him pushing and thrusting in and out of her. Heard his soft mutterings as he pumped and stroked. Her body, still riding the wave he had begun with his hot, probing tongue, broke again as sweet, hot rolling pleasure poured from the place where he pounded into her and spread throughout her body. The waves of her pleasure carried him over the cliff he had been struggling to hold onto, waiting for her to cum again. She felt the hot bust inside her and wrapped her legs around him to hold him deep inside as his cries mingled with hers.

Much later, he slid out of her and pulled her under the covers. He slid in beside her, pulling her body to him, cradling her in his warmth, they feel into a deep, satisfied sleep.