 When Sergeant Johnson awoke he found he was still naked, sore, and covered in cum on both sides of him, lying on the ground. He was still too weak to pick himself up, and when he opened his mouth to groan, he discovered that it was filled with cum. He spit out as much as he could, but it had dried and was sticking to the sides of his mouth and tongue. Memories came flooding back, the patrol, the discovery of the amazon warriors with large penises, and finally his torture at the hands of Heather and Janielle.

"Good, you're awake." An amazon was lounging against some rocks a ways away. "I was wondering when you would come around. Now I must tell you what awaits you. You're to be chained up, gagged, put on a horse, and be taken, naked, back to your castle where you will deliver a warning. Then you can do as you wish." And so he was. A half dozen Amazons accompanied him the whole way, so he wouldn't do anything wrong.

When Johnson was within sight of the castle, a group of guards rode out to meet him. As soon as they left the gates, the Amazons turned and rode off the other way.

The dozen guards sent out to meet Johnson all tried to hide their half smiles at his appearance, instead trying to look horrified at his predicament. 

After untying his hands and setting him upright on his horse, the squad leader took off his cape and handed it to Johnson to hide his modesty. He and his escort entered the castle and had to force their way through a large crowd that had gathered to see what all the fuss was about. He was taken to a private room to clean and dress himself in his dress uniform that had been brought from his bunk. When he was presentable, an attendant came and escorted him to the king's chamber. 

When he was shown in the massive throne was vacant, and in fact the only occupant of the room was Prince Thomas.

The prince was King Collins only son, his other children being a 19 year old daughter named Briana and a 27 year old daughter named Stephanie. The prince was a good leader in some respects. He was vain, arrogant, and some might say suffered from hubris. But in battle, he was second to none in personal combat, and was quite adept at commanding large companies of men. Johnson never liked being one on one with the 30 year old prince, as Johnson's no nonsense and dour manner was far removed from Thomas's flamboyant and loud nature. 

When Thomas saw Johnson he sneered and asked "what happened, big bad sergeant Johnson couldn't handle a few girls with pointy sticks?" He laughed at his wit but before Johnson could make a retort, another booming voice rang out

"Silence, you must not forget that we lost almost three hundred good men out there to these 'girls with pointy sticks'." The king stepped out of a small door behind his throne. The large 50 year old king was looking more haggard now than when Johnson had been given his patrol orders. 

"It's good to have you back Johnson, were going to need every soldier we can muster. Yours was only the first patrol sent out. We sent out two more to other disturbances at different points on the border. You're only the third back. The other two arrived very similarly to how you did, telling tales of massive, about beautiful women with large penises that captured, raped, and then killed everyone else. Is this what you experienced as well?" The king asked. 

Johnson merely nodded. The prince was looking anxious now. "Sire, let me lead an army against them. We must take the initiative against these invaders."

"Against which force? They are spread three or four days march away from each other. As soon as you leave the castle and chase one army, the other two will attack the severely under garrisoned castle. No my son, we must take the defensive. Johnson, send riders to every town and village to take whatever they can carry into any stronghold they can reach and defend themselves down to the last man." He king commanded.

"At once sire!" Johnson snapped a crisp salute and turned to march off. As he was leaving he heard the king order the prince to begin preparations to defend the castle.

"Good lord, look at them all, there are thousands of the bastards." Johnson heard a soldier down the line mutter. He had to agree that there were quite a few. They completely surrounded the entire castle. A few days had passed since Johnson had arrived, now the invaders had shown up. They had set up camp and seemed to be settling in for the night. 

A runner came breathlessly running up to Johnson. "Prince Thomas requests *gasp* your presence in the command room" He panted. Johnson gave him a nod and walked stiffly off to the meeting.

The command room was at the top of the tallest tower. It was designed so that one could see almost 360 degrees around the castle through windows set in the walls. It was a design of a long dead king.

The room was occupied by three men, the prince and two of his own followers. He looked up as Johnson appeared from the hatch set in the floor. "Johnson, good your here. I need your help. It seems that you're the only leader of the search parties to come back. The other two, Ethan and Matt, were both killed and a lower ranking soldier sent back." That was a blow; Ethan and Matt were two very good commanders and the last of their kind in this castle, the others being already dead or retired to some farm in the country. "Therefore, I am trusting you with the command of the Southern ramparts." The prince continued. From the vantage point on the top of the tower, he could see that the southern wall had more enemies opposing it than any other, except maybe the western. "I shall be commanding the western, and Joey and Jake the north and east respectively." The prince finished and sent the three men to their tasks. 

It was nearly 3 in the morning before Johnson had finished his inspections and made sure everything was prepared for the attack. As he was walking back to his bunk, someone tapped him on the shoulder from behind. He whirled around, hand on the hilt of his sword, only to find the young princess Briana. He relaxed. "Princess, why are you up and sneaking around this late at night?" 

"She grinned at him, "my big sister sent me to find you, and she said it can't be trusted to be sent with anyone else. I think she wants to suck your dick." She giggled at the last part when Johnson eyebrows shot up in surprise. Nonetheless, he allowed Briana to take his hand and lead him to the Stephanie's bedchamber. 

When the door was opened for Johnson, he had to catch his breath at what he saw. He had always known Stephanie was beautiful, but when he saw her standing in the moon light coming in through the window in just a sheer drape that did little to hide her body he felt himself immediately stiffen in his pants.

She turned and smiled at him. "Ah, Sergeant Johnson. I've been expecting you." She smiled at him and told him to sit. She glanced at Briana before asking her to leave. Briana refused, and Stephanie got more forceful. Johnson could see an argument heating up and stepped in to offer a compromise; Briana could stay for a little, and then could leave later. Both women agreed and they all sat down to talk. 

"So Johnson, as professional soldiers, as well as a survivor of their attacks, do you think we can successfully defend our castle?" Stephanie asked. Her large breasts swaying under her gown as she leaned forward. 

Johnson gulped and tore his eyes away from her magnificent chest to answer her question. "I'm not sure princess-"

"Please, call me Stephanie." She interrupted.

"I'm not sure Stephanie. I've never seen then fight, our patrol was taken without a fight. They are clever though, so we can expect them to try and pull some kind of trick."

"Fascinating." She said. They continued talking for another 10 minutes before she asked Briana to leave, who pouted but still left. Stephanie turned to me and stared into my eyes.

"Johnson. You know that my sister and I are to remain virgins until we are married. However, as unthinkable it is to be married not a virgin; it is an even greater travesty to have your virginity taken from you by an enemy. While I normally would not be worried about women warriors, these shemale Amazons and their lust is cause for concern. My proposition for you is, would you be kind enough to take my virginity, and not let these barbarians take my pride?" She asked him.

Johnson couldn't believe it. He princess was asking him to fuck her on the night before they all will probably die. He nodded his agreement.

"Two conditions. One, if we are successful in defending the castle tomorrow, no one shall know about this. And two, you must treat me as you would any other common whore. I like men rough." Johnson smiled, got up, pulled Stephanie to her feet, and ripped the sheer gown right off her body, completely exposing her bouncing breasts. He grabbed her boobs and squeezed them, enjoying the feeling of them in his hands. He pulled her to him and gave her a deep, long tongue kiss. She got over her initial shock and began exploring his body with her hands, pulling his large hard member out of his pants and slowly stroking it. Johnson quickly stripped off the rest of his dirty uniform and threw it on the floor.

Johnson broke the kiss and forced Stephanie onto her knees. She obligingly took his 8 inch cock into her mouth. She sucked and slurped on his dick, trying to get all of it into her mouth. She bottomed out with 2 or 3 inches to go. When she couldn't do it on her own, Johnson decided to help. He put his hands on the back of her head and simultaneously pulled her head towards his body and thrust his hips forward. The result was his cock sliding the rest of the way into her throat. As he held her there he said: "you said you liked rough. Is this rough enough for you?"

When he let her off his dick she gasped for air and nodded that it was rough enough for her. 

"Good" and he shoved his cock back down her throat. He repeated the process a couple times until it seemed she would pass out from lack of air. He let her up and she turned and collapsed on the chair behind her, leaving her ass sticking up invitingly. He lined himself up and Stephanie gave a worried look at him. He grinned back at her and gently slid into her virgin pussy. She gasped and moaned when he entered her, and before long she was pushing back against him, driving him harder and deeper into her. He got up to full speed and was ramming her harder than he had fucked anyone ever before. He reached around and pinched her erect nipples, making her moan even louder. 

A cold hand landed on his shoulder, while another made contact with his ass. It startled him so badly because he could be killed for taking a princess's virginity. But when he looked over his shoulder it was just Briana who had snuck back to the room. She nodded for him to continue, and Johnson drove back into Stephanie with force, eliciting a grunt from her. Briana gently spread his legs and crawled between them, where she leaned up and started working on his shaft as it came out of her sister's pussy. 

Between the tight virgin pussy and the tongue stimulation Johnson soon had to blow his load. He pulled out right as he came; jets shot out and landed on Stephanie's ass, then slowly dripped down onto Briana's face. Johnson collapsed and Briana licked the cum of her sister and Stephanie and Johnson lay there panting from their exhaustion. 

"I fear, ahh, that we've kept you awake, ohh, for too long. We all must rest." Johnson looked at Stephanie with a hint of satisfaction that she had trouble standing up and walking straight after that pounding he gave her. He collected his clothes and exited the chamber, quickly making his way back to his room. Tomorrow was going to be a long day...

To be continued....

I have a pretty good idea of where this is heading, but if anyone wants to give me some ideas or critiques it would be much appreciated. 