 Short Story.

Warning: Contains Lesbian Non-Consent. 

You were warned.

*****

Gytha sat on her queen sized bed and admired the sheer opulence of her new quarters. The castle she now occupied had been taken with ease just that morning, and even as she sat here thousands of the Matriarchy's Amazon warriors were spilling into the lightly defended heartland of the Northlands. With the fall of this border fortress it was now just a matter of time before the Northlands were just another subjugated country beneath the Amazon's boots.

Gytha, for her part in leading the assault, had been immediately installed as the new governor mistress of the fortress and the nearby town. It wouldn't be an easy job but she knew she was up to it. In a few days all of the Queen's generals would have all passed through, and she would actually have to get down to the job of running the place. For the next few days though she had little to do and much to celebrate. Something she intended to start tonight with what she had been looking forward to for weeks.

As if to mirror her thoughts she heard the door open and turned to see a most delightful sight. Through the doors strode a vision of Northlander feminine beauty escorted in cuffs by two tall and tanned Amazons. The pale woman had been one of the few female soldiers, and had an athletic frame to match, and it was poorly concealed by the low hanging dress she now wore. The only thing that interrupted her otherwise sleek lines were the large milky breasts that sat tantalizingly on her chest. The woman's long blonde locks framed her face perfectly, showing off her startling blue eyes and ruby red pouty lips. When Gytha looked upon her she couldn't help but be reminded of the Northlander legends, of beautiful nymphs that could be seldom glimpsed through the mists of a brisk spring day.

The young woman sandwiched between the two amazons seemed to be outwardly calm, but Gytha' enhanced Amazon nose could practically smell the worry emanating off the woman in waves. It was delicious, and also entirely unnecessary. What would follow would be scary at first, but it would pass, and the girl would be as happy as could be for the rest of her days. Gytha knew this. She had seen it happen dozens of times before. From the dark skinned beauties of the south, to the exotic nymphs of the east. She enjoyed the view for a moment, lifting a glass of wine from the bedside table and enjoying a sip of the pungent drink.

"Unshackle her and leave us." She instructed the two guards who promptly obeyed and left to stand guard outside the door.

The girl's composure broke slightly as she looked like a startled rabbit as she found herself suddenly free of her restraints, her wide eyes now searching for either a weapon or an escape route. She found neither as Gytha suddenly stood up, crossing the space between them in an instant. The Northlander looked away, but Gytha lightly gripped the woman's chin, turning her face up so that she could inspect the blonde's face from close up.

"Beautiful. Tell me what is your name girl?" The amazon prompted.

Fire seemed to come back into the girls eyes at that, and she bit back, 

"My name is Anya Talheim, and I am no girl. I am a woman of the Northlands, and a wife to Rorik 

Talheim, captain of the guard!"

Gytha chuckled at that, "You will always be girl to me Anya, and with time I believe you shall come to enjoy hearing me call you it."

"I will not have to hear it for long Amazon. Soon the king's soldiers will sweep you from the field like the barbarians you are and I will be returned to Rorik with your head on a pike."

"I highly doubt that girl; your Rorik has already been shipped back to the Matriarchy where he will be sold as a household servant. As I recall he was a handsome soul, so I imagine he will go to a wealthy house and be well kept. I'm sure his mistresses will ensure he gives them many daughters."

Anya wanted to refute that but she had seen the men being shipped off. She knew the fate of men in the Matriarchy; they would end up as servants and laborers without exception. Her melancholy thoughts were interrupted when the Amazon spoke again.

"...and I think that even if your king did sweep us from the field as you hoped, by the time such a thing came to pass, you would have no more desire to leave my side than you did Yoricks."

Anya laughed at that, "Has your wine addled your senses Amazon, I wouldn't piss on you if you were lit ablaze. I curse you and all your kind."

Gytha was unperturbed by the insults, she simply took a large gulp of her wine before casting the glass aside to have it shatter on the wall. Anya flinched with a small shriek at the unexpected movement and so was unprepared when Gytha leaned down and crushed their mouths together in an open mouthed kiss, the Amazon delighting in the feel of the girls soft lips against her own. The Amazon grabbed the Northlander in both hands and forced the girl to lean back, causing her to swallow the wine that was transferred between their mouths as the tanned woman's tongue sought out the blondes own.

After a few moments of the embrace Gytha was happy with the transfer, and with one fluid movement she tore the dress from Anya's shoulders and threw the busty nude girl onto the queen sized bed, sprawling her on her back. Without a moment's hesitation she dove onto the bed, pinning the voluptuous pale girl beneath her own large tanned form, crushing dark tanned breasts with brown hard nipples, into pale white breasts with hardening pink nipples.

"What are you doing!? Get off me!" Anya squealed in surprise.

Gytha dipped in for another tongue heavy kiss, silencing the stunned blonde before moving to kiss down the girls neck. She spoke in between kisses and heavy pants, her excitement getting the better of her,

"I'm going to make love to you girl, I'm going to put my baby in your belly."

Anya renewed her struggles, but was beginning to feel an unnatural heat building in her breasts and cunt making her attempts more feeble with each passing moment,

"You can't make love to me, I don't love you and we're both women, its absurd! Even if you were a man I am already with child and have been for two months according to the wisewomen! Rorik's child!"

Gytha kissed the girl again, hands pinning the girl's above her head, as she drove a tongue into Anya's mouth and sought out the blondes over and over as it attempted to hide, before catching it with her own appendage and forcing it into the duel once more. Gytha's nostrils were flaring now as the wine from earlier did its work, heightening her senses to better take in Anya's delicious scent, and as the Amazon looked on she saw the same effect taking place with the Northlander as her struggles gradually began to abate, and her shrieks of protest devolve slowly into unwilling moans of pleasure as the tanned woman's body pressed against her; the feeling of their nipples squeezing against one another sending jolts of pleasure down into her core, stoking the inferno building there.

"I know you are with child Anya, that's why you were picked. That thing you and I drank just now? It's a drink that our priestesses concocted for our rituals. You see the Amazons were cursed some generations ago. Some say we angered the male gods with our ways, and in revenge they rendered us barren. It would seem that for allowing women to love one another, we were to be cursed to never have children again for our hubris. I imagine they thought it ironic. Our bodies may be tall, powerful and healthy beyond those of regular humans, but for a time it seemed we would fall to the ravages of time."

Anya let loose a moan of pleasure as the Amazon moved down her body and sucked a nipple into her mouth, pawing the other massive breast affectionately with her free hand.

"But, as you can see, we're still around, flourishing even. I imagine by now you're wondering what this has to do with you? Well you see, our priestesses are clever; when the Amazons were rendered barren, the magic users secluded themselves in their temples for many days, and when they finally reemerged they brought with the them a solution to the extinction of our race."

Now that Anya had stopped struggling, and was in fact holding the Amazon's face to her breast as she moaned in delirious pleasure, Gytha moved her now free hand down to drive a finger into the blonde's honeypot that was now slick and swollen with arousal. Anya wanted to stop her, but she felt so amazing her mind was addled, her breasts were on fire and she could feel an orgasm building unbidden within her core.

"The ritual is a fairly simple thing. I believe it's based on pagan tantric rituals. You see when a woman who is with child is brought to the height of ecstasy, after ingesting a specially blessed drink, an Amazon can place her hand on the woman's navel like this."

Gytha moved one hand, down to press against Anya's navel, the other however remained firmly attached to the girls dripping cunt.

Anya instantly felt a mind-numbingly pleasurable heat searing away at her stomach and deep into her womb. She could see light emanating from where the Amazon was touching her and she shrieked in both ecstasy and fear,

"Please don't hurt my baby!"

Gytha just chuckled as she firmly held the shrieking woman in place,

"I'm not hurting your baby, I'm making her 'our' baby. She will be transformed by the magic's borne of both our pleasure, and turn from a regular human child into a strong Amazon girl. I hope she'll have my eyes, but I really want her to have your hair."

Gytha grinned in delight as the mother of her child continued to squirm ineffectually in pleasure and protest beneath her strong arms, the Northland's girl's cunt dripping with rivulets of her fluids as Gytha's fingers drove again and again into her.

The sound of the blonde's pleasure would go on for hours, well into the night. She really hoped the guards were listening.

-------------------

Gytha smiled as she looked down on the pale beauty sleeping peacefully beneath her. She looked absolutely stunning with her skin still slick with sweat, luminescent in the moonlight. She had no doubt that when Anya awoke she would be as vicious and spiteful as she could be. She would come around though, with the life of her child as a factor, she would slowly come to mellow. They always did. The two of them were linked now.

And when she did, Gytha would be waiting with wide open legs, ready to receive tribute as a powerful Amazon should. She would teach Anya her place.

Until then she would have to settle herself with the maids that flitted around the castle, hoping to avoid her hungry gaze. It would be so much fun to trap one of those ignorant Northland's girls in an alcove and introduce them to the wonders of female loving...

Gytha felt Anya stir beneath her, subconsciously reaching out for her lost heat source. Gytha obliged her by lying next to her and pulling the voluptuous blonde into the welcoming embrace of her breasts.