 The fire flared high, sending sparks toward the stars above. The naked bodies of the Amazon tribe shone golden, circling the great fire. All around me my sisters chanted, voices supplicating the Mother Goddess to provide us with a successful hunt. I added my voice to those surrounding me, praying fervently. 

This was to be my first hunt and I wanted nothing more than to bring home a man strong enough to withstand the trials so that my sisters and I could mate with him. As the ritual came to an end, the Amazon tribe, my sisters, stood and began moving off in pairs to the jungle surrounding the clearing. I turned to find Athela standing at my side. 

Where I was tall and dark, Athela was short and light; my polar opposite, but beautiful, I thought. I looked into Athela's blue eyes, sparkling in the dying fire. I knew that she wished to take her pleasure with me this night. 

"Come, Kayelli." Athela smiled, taking my hand. "Come with me to the clearing I have prepared for us."

It was ritual, just as much as the chanting to the Mother Goddess before the fire, this sharing of pleasure the night before the hunt. This being my first hunt, it was also my first night of complete pleasure. Before our first hunt, we Amazons learn to pleasure each other with tongues and hands, but a huntress is not penetrated with the sacred rod until the night before her first hunt. 

It was thought among the Amazon tribes that the huntress' first love should be the one to open her for mating. Athela was my first love. She had come to me seasons back to introduce me to the pleasures a wet tongue and nimble fingers can provide. Now she wished to open me for the mating. I was willing, but nervous. Some of the other huntresses had spoken of pain and of blood, two things I had never associated with pleasure before.

Athela saw my fear, and reassured me with a gentle touch on the face.

"Have no fear, my love. There shall be no pain tonight. Only pleasure." With that Athela led me toward the nearby clearing where she had laid out a small wooden altar to the Mother Goddess. Upon the altar was some binding fiber and a sacred rod carved from the bark of one of the Great Yew trees that grew in the Mother Goddess' grove.

Athela turned toward the altar, kneeling and whispering a prayer to the Mother Goddess and I did the same, kneeling next to my mentor and love. As her prayer floated toward the heavens, Athela turned toward me and pulled me down onto the woven grass mats she had placed in the clearing. She kissed me, her tongue darting into my mouth and teasing my lips and garnering a similar response from my tongue.

We lay together on the grass mats, kissing and fondling each other's bodies for some time, as the moons moved across the sky. I felt Athela's hands moving down my body, parting my legs and caressing my mound. I spread my legs willingly, knowing that I was safe with Athela and that there was nothing to fear.

Athela gently pushed me onto my back and leaned on her arm above me, looking down into my eyes. She leaned in and kissed me once more before moving to the altar. She returned with the binding fiber and the sacred rod.

The binding fiber she coiled in a spiral and lay on my belly, the seat of my womanhood. In opening me for mating, the fiber would be blessed and help to bring a productive hunt. The sacred rod Athela kissed, laving the smooth wood with her tongue. She looked so very provocative there, worshipping the rod and I felt more wetness gathering between my thighs as I watched her.

Athela turned to me and brought the rod to my lips for me to worship. Taking the rod in my hands, I followed Athela's example and ran my tongue all around the tip of the rod, then placed it in my mouth and sucked it in, moving my mouth up and down on the smooth, warm wood. Athela watched briefly as I sucked and licked the rod, then knelt between my thighs. The first touch of her tongue to my slit was electric, and I felt my hips buck as I sucked the rod deeper into my mouth.

Holding my thighs wide with her hands, Athela licked and sucked my slit, giving me great pleasure and making me wetter with every pass of her tongue. I felt my clitoris throbbing, begging for Athela's touch, as her tongue skated easily across the slick skin. I moaned around the wooden phallus, spreading my legs open wider.

Athela reached up without ever taking her tongue from my slippery folds, and gently took the sacred rod from my mouth. I felt her tracing the tip of the implement down my torso and I moaned.

Athela lifted her head briefly to smile at me. "Keep your legs spread, just like they are now Kayelli." She instructed, then again lowered her head, this time sucking directly on my clitoris and making me moan loudly.

I felt the head of the sacred rod nudging at my opening and I tried to relax, keeping my legs spread and concentrating on the pleasure Athela was creating with her tongue and lips. The rod did not move, just stayed at the opening and barely inside me as Athela sucked harder on my tender nub. I felt bliss approaching and cried out. Just as I began to orgasm, Athela began to slide the sacred rod inside of me. She met with resistance at my hymen and then shoved the sacred rod hard, breaking through and stuffing me full. Whatever pain there may have been was lost in the pleasure coursing through my veins. The feeling of orgasm with the sacred rod inside of me was more intense than anything I had ever experienced as the muscles of my vaginal walls gripped and throbbed around the implement inside me.

I cried out to the Mother Goddess in my pleasure, my hips bucking as Athela moved the sacred rod in and out of me. Wave after wave of intense pleasure washed through me; orgasms I never wanted to end. Athela worked the sacred rod inside me, while stimulating my clitoris with her other hand, taking me to the pinnacle over and over again. Soon, the sensations overwhelmed me and I began to sob in my ecstasy. Athela stopped then, leaving the sacred rod inside me and gathering my body against hers so I could recover.

I panted and cried, my heart slowing in my chest as Athela held me and crooned my name.

"Hush little one. Hush my Kayelli." Athela whispered in my ear. I began to laugh. It was funny to hear her calling me little one as I was close to five hands taller than she was. Athela smiled as I laughed and hiccupped. "Such pleasure is surely a gift from the Mother Goddess, is it not?" Athela asked after I was calm.

I nodded, noting that the sacred rod still rested inside me. I opened my mouth to ask, but Athela shushed me with a hand against my mouth. I kissed her hand, tasting my own juices and the faint acrid taste of my virginal blood.

"There is more pleasure yet to come this night." Athela explained. I was unsurprised, knowing that the greater the sexual energy that was released, the more the Mother Goddess would be pleased and hopefully give us a successful hunt. "We will please each other until first light if we are able."

With that, Athela moved until her mound was positioned above my face and her mouth was buried in my rod-filled slit. Gasping as Athela began manipulating the rod again, I lifted my head so I could pleasure my lover as well, licking and sucking at her slick vaginal lips. 

I was surprised at how wet Athela was as I licked her. Her nether lips were puffy and slick with her juices; even her upper thighs were coated. Smiling to myself, I licked her clean and then went to work sucking and nibbling on her clitoris. Athela gasped as I probed her slit with my tongue, lapping at the fluids that kept gathering there.

I desired to give Athela as much pleasure as she had shown me, and I began to suck on her clitoris in earnest, manipulating that tender pebble with my lips and tongue, alternating between sucking and flicking it with my tongue. I felt more than heard Athela gasp into my mound as she reached orgasm from my ministrations. 

Athela and I continued to stimulate and tease each other until the sun rose, signaling the beginning of the hunt. Athela and I rose from the grass mats, finding renewed energy in the newborn day.