 The morning of the trials dawned clear and hot, the insects buzzing in the depths of the jungle as we came out of our huts. The captives were sitting under the overhang of the corral, sheltering from the rapidly rising sun. Armed with whips, the captive-trainers entered the corral, speaking in Common.

"On your feet!" Kela shouted, snapping her whip in the direction of the captives. The captives slowly complied. I noticed that my captive seemed even slower than most in lifting himself to his feet. He glanced over to where I was standing and glared at me malevolently.

"Today you shall prove what kind of men you are." Kela continued. "Should you be deemed worthy, you may yet live. Should you not, you will die. It is simple, do as you are told and you will not be punished."

A smaller man, with light brown hair and flashing green eyes spoke up. "Why is it you think we will do what it is you ask?" He demanded.

"I do not ask. And because you will suffer and die if you do not." Maylee, the other trainer, countered. She quickly flicked her whip at him, slashing the skin of his face and leaving a bloody scratch. The man cried out and grabbed at his cheek. 

"Arturus!" I heard Leonidas cry out to the disciplined captive. The other men jumped back and looked wildly from one trainer to the other as if expecting another assault. 

"Now, out into the compound with you!" Maylee demanded, moving to walk in front of the group while Kela brought up the rear.

The men filed out and then stood before us naked. We had been saved the trouble of disrobing the men as they had been bathing when we captured them. My mother and aunt walked majestically out of the central temple to stand before the men.

"Kneel! Kneel before greatness!" Kela shouted, slashing at the dirt in front of the men with her whip. The men dropped to their knees without further command, having learned the lesson of the whip rather quickly.

The Chieftess looked appraisingly at the men and nodded her head, while the High Priestess raised her hand and said a benediction invoking the favor of the Mother Goddess. The men were then permitted to stand as Maylee and Kela explained the trials. The men were to be made aroused and then they were to remain in that state without either going flaccid or loosing their juices during the course of the day. The men looked around at the hungry-eyed women dressed only in skirts made of animal skins surrounding them and it seemed as if comprehension began to dawn in their eyes. Amazons were not just a myth, and they were our captives.

Five older women, ones who could no longer breed, stepped forward. They would suck the men to full arousal as they were in no danger of being cursed with barrenness should they swallow the seed of an over-eager captive. The women knelt in front of the men, tugging on the sacred rods and slowly sucking them into their mouths. The other four captives groaned in appreciation as the women worked their mouths on them, but my captive seemed oblivious to the rising of his rod as he looked around at the crowd surrounding him.

When the five captives were at full erection, the women stepped back. Leonidas looked impressive standing there, several hands taller than his fellows and his sacred rod jutting out proudly, gleaming in the early sun. I felt a slow heat begin in my loins as I looked at him.

Maylee and Kela moved forward again, other women coming behind with racks for the men to be tied to. Each rack looked like a large "X" and the captives were quickly bound at hands and feet to the racks placed behind them. The women then tied binding fiber around the base of each man's sacred rod then around the neck of the sack dangling below. Leonidas grunted as Ameeni yanked the fiber tight around him. She was still annoyed that he had shrugged off the effects of the sleeping fluid so quickly.

The purpose of the trials was to ensure that the children the Amazons took from the captives' loins were strong and hardy. Life in the Amazon encampment was joyful but hard, and the children of the Amazons had to be able to hunt and forage, fight and kill. The Mother Goddess would bless the mating of the Amazons with those who were strong and virile, granting to the Amazon a girl child.

Danella approached carrying thin bamboo canes. Grinning wickedly, she began to strike at the first captive. She started out strking him lightly on the thighs and gradually increased in force, moving up his body. After a short time the man was grunting and twisting in his bonds. Thin red lines began to appear on his torso as Danella continued with her test. Finally, he cried out as the pain became too much to bear. Danella smiled grimly, smacking at his still-erect sacred rod with her switch. The man gasped and yelped in shock and pain, his rod seeming to deflate somewhat in the face of the punishment it received.

Maylee jumped forward and yanked on his rod with one hand, shouting that he must not let his rod waver. The man moaned as her hand worked him, bringing him back to full erection. Maylee stepped back, releasing the captive's stiffened rod from her grasp.


Danella, in the meantime had moved on to the next captive, treating his body to the same torture. Each successive captive had to be manually stimulated after the caning to bring their rods back to full hardness. Even Leonidas' impressive-looking rod seemed to wilt in the face of Danella's enthusiastic striping.

After Danella was finished she stepped back, discarding the last of her now-broken canes. The captives hung in their bonds, gasping and sweating, red lines criscrossing their torsos.

The High Priestess approached next, carrying five net bags filled with river stones. The bags were tied to each captive's dangling sack with several thin pieces of binding fiber, stretching the captive's sack. This appeared to cause most of the captives some discomfort as the weight pulled on them.

More stones were added, one to each captive's bag until the second captive, the one called Arturus, cried out. No more stones were added to his bag, but it was left dangling and he moaned and cried out as his body trembled and caused the bag to shift.

Each captive was pushed to his limit with the stones, and soon we had a line of five trembling males who moaned and sobbed as the weights attached to them swung and moved. But to their credit, none of the sacred rods even drooped.

Next, the High Priestess approached from the temple with ten slivers of ivory. I stepped forward with the other four captors and picked up a pair of slivers and approached the captives. As I got nearer Leonidas I saw him watching me through slitted eyes. I moved up close to Leonidas and felt his sacred rod rubbing against my belly.

On a command from the High Priestess we each pierced the left nipple of our captive with an ivory sliver. Leonidas groaned and threw his head back. I felt his sacred rod throbbing against my belly and a slight spurt of wetness where it touched me. The High Priestess gave the order and we pierced our captives' other nipple. Again Leonidas groaned and I felt his hips move slightly, pushing his rod into closer contact with my skin.

I heard shouting and glanced over to where the first captive, a rather tall male with curly silver hair and shockingly blue eyes had again lost his erection. Maylee and Kela had unbound him and thrown him over a nearby log. He kept crying out that he did not understand as Maylee drew back and began to whip him. She lashed him several times, leaving bloody trails on his wide back. 

The captive moaned into the dirt, wetting the ground with his tears as Maylee continued with her fierce punishment. I heard Leonidas groan again and I looked up to find him watching his fellow captive with rapt attention. 

"Davidus," he whispered, his eyes wide as he watched his friend being disciplined. His sacred rod was harder than ever as he viewed the sight before him and his hips pushed out slightly, causing his rod to rub gently on the skin of my belly.

I stepped back as Maylee and Kela yanked the punished captive to his feet and pushed him back toward his rack and bindings. The man was stumbing and his head hung down. The other captives would not look at him, as if they were shamed by his weakness. Kela tied the captive to the rack, and he cried out as his lacerated back rubbed against the raw wood of the rack. 

One of the old women stepped forward again and sucked Davidus' rod into her mouth. His hips jerked and he cried out at the sudden combination of pleasure and pain. His sacred rod did rise, but slowly. Maylee stepped behind him and began to manipulate his new-pierced nipples and he yelped again at the pleasure and pain he felt. Finally, his rod was fully hard and the old woman stepped back.

Maylee and Kela began with Davidus, tying more weights to the ivory shards penetrating his nipples. He cried out again as they fastened weights to him, sweat dripping off his face as he twisted against the rack. His face showed the great test of will he was fighting as every time his rod began to droop even slightly, his eyes screwed shut and he concentrated until he recovered his full erection. I could only imagine what he must be thinking about to keep his rod so full and throbbing. He moaned quietly as Maylee and Kela moved away, his hips shifted slightly, his engorged sacred rod bobbing as he seemed to thrust toward something that was not there.

Soon all five captives had weights tied to their piercings and all the captives were making soft moaning noises as the sweat poured from their bodies. I sympathized as I took a drink of cool honeyed water. They would have no food nor drink until the trials were over at sundown.

The Amazons wandered off to their daily tasks. The captives would be left tied and weighted as the sun crossed the sky and the biting insects came out of the jungle to feast on their blood. Periodically a woman would stop to yank or caress the sacred rod of her chosen captive. The men would groan loudly, their hips thrusting outward when they were visited in this manner. I stopped several times to caress Leonidas' unflagging sacred rod, enjoying the look of animal hunger in his eyes when I did.

As the sun began to sink under the horizon, the old women came back toward the captives, each sucking on a sacred rod eagerly. Maylee and Kela circled among the captives, reminding them that they were not to spill their seed until allowed to do so. The captives groaned and I could see the tension in their bodies as they wavered between the pleasure the women were giving them and the pain caused by the weights and the piercings. Leonidas especially seemed to be struggling to hold himself under control as his hips bucked and he moaned loudly.

Several more women stepped forward and began removing the weights and the ivory shards. Soon the men were unencumbered except for the binding fiber around the base of their sacred rods, as the old women sucked on them. The men seemed to relax as the weights were removed from their bodies and Arturus began to grunt loudly and thrust his hips forward into the woman's mouth. Maylee and Kela came on the run as they heard him begin to shout, but they were too late and the man thrust his hips forward just as the woman sucking him fell back. He shouted again, his hips jerking and his seed spewing from the end of his sacred rod into the air. Kela, shaking her head in disappointment, cut his bonds as Maylee grabbed him by the hair. 

"Now you will see what disobedience earns you" Maylee shouted in Common, before falling to her knees next to the man. She quickly slashed the captive's throat with the knife she kept at her belt. The other captives recoiled in horror, seeing their comrade dispatched so easily. And still the women worked on the sacred rods, bringing those who had softened back to full hardness as two other Amazons carried the dead captive's body off into the jungle.

Leonidas had closed his eyes, his fists clenched as the woman before him laved his sacred rod. I moved up next to him and ran my hands along his muscular chest. He opened his eyes and glared down at me. But he did not ask for an explanation. It seemed my captive was learning.

Brisha and some of the other huntresses moved to stand behind the captives, carrying elaborately carved metal branding irons. Each of the twelve lines of descent from the Mother Goddess had its own design, and each team of huntresses had been chosen from the descendants of that particular line. Brisha was standing behind Leonidas with the ivy-patterened brand of our family. As the woman in front of Leonidas continued to stimulate and tease his sacred rod, Brisha stepped forward and placed the white-hot brand against Leonidas' left thigh.

Leonidas let forth a high-pitched scream as the brand sank partway into his flesh, marking him as the property of my family line. Brisha removed the brand and returned it to the fire to be purified.

Leeni came to Leonidas and applied a healing salve, spreading it into the brand, ensuring that it would heal cleanly. Leonidas groaned as the salve worked its magic, cooling the pain.

The sun was sinking, and the fire was flaring high, lighting the village as the daylight rapidly disappeared. The captives were released from their bonds and then leashed. The teams of huntresses led the tested captives around the encampment, allowing each woman to touch and caress the captives.

Finally, the captives were lead to the giant low altar in front of the Mother Goddess' temple. They were made to stand at the four points of the compass, surrounding the altar. As the lead huntress in capturing Leonidas, I had the honor of spilling his seed as a sacrifice for the Goddess.

I wrapped my hand around Leonidas' sacred rod and began to massage it gently, finding more fluid had leaked out of its tip. I used this fluid to ease the motion of my hand and Leonidas groaned, thrusting his hips forward.

His sacred rod felt very different than the one that had been used to open me for mating. Where that one had been hard and inflexible, Leonidas' rod was hard but also soft, it felt as if it were covered in a velvet sheath. It twitched and throbbed in my hand and felt hot to the touch. I caressed Leonidas enthusiastically, running my hand rapidly up and down the length of his shaft.

He groaned again, and when I looked up at him, I saw from his clenched eyes and the muscles in his neck standing out that he was exerting all the control he possessed to prevent himself from spilling his seed.

"We are to sacrifice your now-sanctified juices - spill your seed Leonidas. Give your seed to the Mother Goddess." I whispered to him in Common. He groaed and his rod seemed to become even more rigid in my hand. Suddenly I felt him begin to throb and twitch as jet after jet of his seed spilled from the tip of his rod to splatter on the stone of the altar. I continued to jerk on his sacred rod even as it returned to its sleeping state. He grunted and moaned, but did not pull away from my caresses.

The rest of the captives followed suit when they saw that Leonidas was not to be killed for spilling his fluids. Groans rose from the captives as they added their seed to that of Leonidas. The High Priestess' voice rose in a chant honoring the bounty of the Mother Goddess, and the rest of the Amazons joined in.

Tomorrow would begin the mating.