 Chapter 2

Pain and Pleasure

Garth guided Amber through more corridors. They looked the same to her and she wondered how he knew where to go. At one of the curtain covered doorways, he gave a light jerk on the chain to have her stop. He stuck his head into the room.

"Aurora, come with me."

"Yes, Master."

The owner of the musical voice exited the room. Amber looked at her and started to back up in shock. Amber's hands tugged at the cuffs as she tried to bring her hands to her mouth. Aurora wasn't human! The first thing Amber noticed was that Aurora's eyes had vertical slits for pupils. Her ears, while located on the sides of her head just as Amber's were, extended to points above her head. A wave of nausea hit Amber as the two ears swiveled independently from each other.

"What do you wish of me, Master?" Aurora's speech was almost like listening to music. For the first time, Amber was aware that the words she heard and the sounds that were being produced by the slave in front of her did not match. Her mouth did not have teeth, it had fangs.

"This is our new captive, Amber. Take her to the baths and clean her. When you finish, bring her to the testing grounds."

As he spoke, Garth handed the leash to Aurora. Amber noticed, as she watch in horror at the passing of the leash, that Aurora's hand, and the rest of her body, were covered in a fine layer of fur. From a distance, the fur was not noticeable.

"Garth, no, please don't!"

"Amber! You will go with Aurora to be bathed."

"She's not human!"

"No, she's not. What has that to do with anything?"

"But she'll…she'll…"

"She'll clean you off. You're not in any danger. Any more resistance and she'll simply drag you to the baths."

With that, Garth turned and walked away. Amber couldn't know it, but Aurora was part of her orientation. Few dimensions, certainly not Amber's home world, had more than one intelligent race. Slaves were taken from a large number of worlds and some were not human. Even without memories, that instinctive terror of the unknown manifested itself when a slave encountered another race for the first time. It was best to get the shock over before the captive became a slave.

"Do I frighten you, Amber?"

Amber pulled away, nodding her head. The short leash kept her from putting much distance between her and the alien creature holding her leash.

"I know how you feel. I was terrified when I awakened. There was no one who looked like me. I found that we're very much alike. We're all slaves and have no memories. I won't hurt you, Amber. Even if I was a violent person, if I did do something to you, I would be punished severely."

"I…I can't help it. I'm terrified and it won't go away. I'm sorry."

"It'll be alright. Being scared is not a problem, it's what you do when scared that could be a problem. You do realize that I will have to touch you to bathe you?"

Amber nodded.

"Just don't try to run or lash out."

"Okay."

"It's this way."

Amber found herself calming a bit as they walked. Aurora still frightened her, but the panic had faded. Just knowing they had something in common eased the panic. As she walked, following the slight movements of the leash, Amber tried to place why Aurora frightened her so much. She resented her lost memories. The fear was so visceral that it had to be in response to another memory that her body recalled, but her mind didn't. What Amber was able to figure out was that Aurora felt predatory.

The baths were strange. The room had several holes in the ground with steps descending into them. There was no water to be found anywhere. The room was warmer than the rest of the complex, warm enough that Amber started to perspire. In one corner of her mind, she noted that Aurora did not sweat, but was starting to breathe a little heavier.

"Where's the water?"

"It comes when it's needed. Do you see the colors in the pools?"

Amber thought it strange to call empty holes pools, but did notice that they were tiled with three different colors of ceramic. "Yes, blue, red and yellow."

"The colors tell you what type of water will fill them. The blue will fill with clear water. We use that to rinse after cleaning. The red will fill with soapy water for cleaning, of course. The yellow pools fill with oil. You'll be told if you need to oil yourself. Now, for me, the water is somewhat cool, but your body is colder than mine, so I expect it will be warm to you, possibly a little hot."

"How did you know that I'm colder than you?"

"I can see heat on objects, especially if they're warmer or colder than the air around them. It looks like a rippling in the air around you. Move into the red pool."

Amber walked down the steps leading into the hole. Shortly after she had stepped down, the sides of the hole became damp and water started to fill the pool. It reminded her of the sink in the room where she woke up. The water was, indeed, very warm, though not uncomfortable. Amber could feel the soapy film on her skin. Aurora walked into the pool as well and Amber's panic started to rise.

"I won't hurt you."

"I can't help it. You being close to me makes me panic. I feel like you're hunting me."

Aurora knew that was a common reaction to her presence in new captives. The water continued to fill the pool as Aurora held her hand up.

"Look at my hand."

When Amber was looking, Aurora flexed the muscles in her fingers and the retractable claws slid out of their sheathes. Amber's eyes went wide. The claws stayed out.

"I'm not surprised at how you feel. Look at me. I can see body heat, even through thin walls. I have lethal weapons in my hands that can never be taken away. I can sprint faster than a Grachin. I have fangs, not teeth such as yours. I can identify a scent that's a week old. While I have no memories, I have no doubt that my race is a race of predators, hunters, and meat eaters. I don't believe it's a coincidence that I'm the only slave of my kind here. I suspect I worry the Masters."

"Is this supposed to reassure me?"

"No, this is."

Aurora swung her hand back and lashed its claws towards Amber's face. The terrified girl screamed, only to see Aurora crumple and collapse into the water, seemingly asleep. It took quite a few seconds before the feline woman woke and stood back up.

"What happened?"

"My collar won't let me use my claws on anyone. The same goes for my teeth. When I try to hurt someone, it puts me to sleep. If I were to keep trying, it would keep me asleep for longer periods of time until I simply didn't waken. When I say I won't hurt you, it's because I can't."

"That's horrible! How could you defend yourself if you were attacked?"

"I can't. Slaves aren't attacked, we're too valuable and everyone knows that we won't take any action against a Master."

"So I could kick you to death and you would either have to let me or sleep to death?" When Aurora nodded, Amber looked disgusted. "That is so wrong."

The water was up to their breasts and had stopped filling. Amber and Aurora stared at one another for a minute. Amber took a breath and stepped closer to Aurora. She could feel her heart racing.

"Touch me."

Aurora smiled and ran her hands along Amber's arms. Amber shivered and made a whimpering sound. The cat woman simply rubbed Amber's arms repeatedly, letting her grow used to the feel of the fur clad fingers on her skin. Amber could swear that Aurora was purring.

"You're very brave."

"No I'm not, I'm scared spitless. I'm a coward"

"Being scared doesn't make you a coward. You're letting me wash you in spite of your fear. Not everyone does."

"If you say so."

"I have to start cleaning you now. You're going to feel a hunter's hands all over your body. They will not hurt you."

Amber nodded; her lower lip between her teeth. Aurora rubbed the soapy water all over Amber's body, washing the sweat and sexual fluids from her. Her hair was cleaned as well, Aurora having Amber dunk herself to get her hair wet. Soon, the surface of the water was covered in suds created by the agitation their movements were creating. The last place cleaned was between Amber's legs. When Aurora's finger caressed Amber's pussy lips, Amber gasped and started to plead with Aurora.

"Please don't, don't play with me."

"Don't you like sex?"

"I do, too much. Everything feels too strong."

Aurora continued to brush Amber's pussy with her fingers. The light strokes coaxed gasp after gasp from the captive. Amber couldn't help but thrust her hips against Aurora's hand.

"Tell me that you don't like what I'm doing."

"Oh God! I do like it. I like it too much. There's something wrong."

"There's nothing wrong with feeling pleasure."

"Please, I don't want to be a slave. You're going to make me want it anyway."

As Amber clutched herself to Aurora's body, humping the fingers at the entrance to her cunt, Aurora smiled, thinking, "That's the point, dear one." Lost in her passion, Amber's will to resist vanished and she allowed Aurora to drive her onward towards ecstasy. Pulses of sensation swept through her body, emanating from her pussy like bolts of lightning. The talented slave coaxed Amber's orgasm out and held it there, rocking her body again and again, until Amber was sagging against Aurora, unable to stand on her own.

Amber clutched the fur covered woman panting from the exertion of cumming for so long, yet another thing that just felt wrong. Tears leaked from her eyes as she felt her will to remain free weaken a little bit. "Is it always like that, so good, so intoxicating?"

"Yes it is. Would you like more?"

Like a shot, Amber pulled away. "No! Please no, I want to be free. Don't do this to me."

"Didn't you enjoy that?"

"That's the problem, I did. Every time I receive pleasure from one of you, some of my resistance fades. Don't you get it? I don't want to be a slave! Even if I want it, I don't want to be a slave. I may not remember anything, but I know there's something wrong with me. The sex is too intense, the orgasms too great, too tempting. If I give in, I'll stop being me."

Amber could see the look of confusion on Aurora's face. It was as if she had never seen anyone fight against the pleasure or retreat from the sexual ecstasy that could be had. Aurora had been cleaning captives after the fixative treatment for years and this was the first one that had not begged her for more of those wonderful caresses her hands could provide.

"Come," Aurora instructed, "we need to rinse you and return you to the Master."

Amber was led to one of the blue rimmed pools. The soapy water in the pool they left drained away, even though there was no visible drain. The blue pool started to fill with water, this time even warmer than the water in the other pool. Aurora rinsed Amber's body, refraining from initiating any sexual touch as the soap was removed from her skin. The soap film seemed to flow towards the edge of the pool where it disappeared, even though there wasn't a noticeable flow in the water itself.

Once out of the rinsing pool, Aurora used a brush to clear the tangles from Amber's hair. Amber recognized yet another enchantment as the brush dried the hair that flowed through it. The water on her body seemed to evaporate very quickly. In short order, Amber was clean and dry.

"Come along, Amber. I should return you to the Master."

Leading the way, Amber was guided through the halls until they reached the first solid door Amber had seen in the complex. There was no handle visible and, in fact, the only sign that it was a door was when it opened at Aurora's touch. Looking closer, she noticed that the spot where Aurora touched was a different color. Moving through the door, she stopped, noticing the light. She was outside.

The first thought Amber had was that there were too many suns. The color of the sky was wrong as well. Against the light green canopy blazed a bright blue sun. To the left of that one was another, much smaller, red sun. Several trees grew in the courtyard beyond the door. Amber found herself focusing on those familiar spots of greenery. There were several men and women in the courtyard as well. Amber couldn't tell what they were doing at this distance. Aurora indicated that Amber should head to the left with a light jerk in the leash. Turning that way, she saw Garth observing two women.

When they were closer, Amber felt herself becoming embarrassed. One was laying back, her hands grasping a pole behind her. The other was knelt between the legs of the first; her head flush against her pussy. Amber could now tell that the kneeling woman was licking at the pussy of the reclined one. The moans of pleasure coming from the first woman caused Amber's cunt to moisten. It took very little time before Amber was thoroughly wet.

Aurora waited quietly while the activity continued. Amber found herself unable to tear her eyes away from the tableau in front of her. She felt a slight quivering between her legs, the beginnings of arousal. So engrossed was she in the sex taking place in front of her, Amber did not notice that Garth was holding a small, smooth rock in his hand. The flat surface of the stone was partially shaded in a red hue, a hue that was advancing steadily.

No one spoke while the tryst was taking place, save for the moans and small cries of the woman being pleasured. Amber detected an increasing note of desperation in her voice, a pleading without words for something. It was only then that she realized that the girl's cunt had been licked at for several minutes and she had been on the verge of an orgasm the entire time. The girl licking seemed to be holding the other girl short of climax.

"Very good, Milan, a full 20 minutes. You may take Bethela over."

Amber looked at Garth, seeing the smile on his face as he spoke. The scream snapped her head back to the couple. Bethela, she assumed, had arched her back and was clearly in the throes of an intense orgasm. Milan did not let that stop her. She continued licking at Bethela's pussy for another minute, driving the woman lying before her to a prolonged climax. When Milan finally looked up, her face was covered in Bethela's juices and beamed a smile that spoke of accomplishment.

"You've done well, Milan. Will I be seeing you ministering to Kelt soon?"

"I hope so, Master. Men are harder to hold on edge though."

"We can be. I'm sure you'll manage it soon. How is orgasm control coming along?"

"Slowly, Master." Her face was not as happy now. "It seems like once the pleasure builds to a certain point, I don't want to hold off any more. How do you want to not cum?"

"It's different for each slave. You have to find your reason. Have you asked your trainers?"

"No, Master, I've been embarrassed to admit why I fail."

"Trust them, Milan. They all went through the same struggles. Call on their experience, it'll serve you well."

"I will, Master. Thank you."

"Run along now. I'll send the official report soon, but I'm sure your trainer will be happy to hear that you've passed."

Milan jumped to her feet and sped off towards another of the doors into the complex. The courtyard seemed to be roughly oblong in shape and was surrounded by high walls of rock. It gave the impression of being at the bottom of some hole in a mountain; which, in fact, it was. The reasons for this were something that Amber would not discover for quite some time, mostly because everyone in the complex took it for granted.

"Amber, you're looking better." His eyes strayed to her pussy. "I'm glad that seeing oral sex arouses you. Don't be embarrassed, you're going to be a sex slave. Sex, in all its forms, should bring you pleasure. Do you have anything to report, Aurora?"

"Yes, Master. She is able to deal with her fear well. I did not need to restrain her for her bath. She has normal sexual responses, though she believes that they are abnormally strong and dislikes them."

Amber wanted to sink into the stone at her feet as she heard herself discussed like some animal. With her hands still cuffed behind her and the leash making escape impossible, she had to be content with turning a deep red as humiliation and anger grew inside her.

What Amber did not see was the look of concern that passed briefly over Garth's face when Aurora mentioned Amber's belief that her sexual responses were too strong. It was very unusual for a captive to have any thoughts associated with their forgotten past. Garth knew Amber was correct; her sexual responsiveness was greater than it had been before she had been taken. The amnesia potion had more than one effect.

"Thank you, Aurora. You may return to your normal duties." He turned to Amber. "What do you think was going on here?"

"It sounds like there was some sort of test going on. That girl," pointing after Milan, "seemed to be trying to keep her," pointing to the woman on the ground, "from cumming."

"That's right. I'm glad to see that you can use your head. Slaves must know a wide variety of skills. Prolonging pleasure for another is just one of them. It takes anywhere from 2 to 3 years for a slave to be fully trained. When their training is complete, a slave is able to provide sexual service of the highest order to anyone, male or female, human or otherwise."

"Is this what you all want for me, to be a well trained whore?"

"No, not whore. Never mistake a slave for a whore. Whores give the bare minimum of sexual service in exchange for money. Slaves give the penultimate sexual experience because they want to. By the time you finish your training, you will want nothing more than to please your client."

"So you're going to brainwash me. You've taken me hostage and you're going to engage in a deliberate program of brainwashing."

"Yes, that's exactly what we're going to do. Not only that, but we'll have your full cooperation. You'll be brainwashed, as you put it, because you'll want to be."

"Never! I'll die first."

"I'm sorry to hear that. I hope we can change your mind in the next three days. I don't want to see you die. You're a lovely, intelligent woman. I'm also certain that you'll love being a slave, if you'll just give it a chance. The venturer wouldn't have brought you back in the first place if he or she didn't believe that you would be a good candidate."

"How do I know you're telling me the truth? You could just be trying to shine me on, trick me into being compliant."

"Remember when you were told about the enchantments on the collars? Those are expensive. There's a reason translation spells aren't commonplace among diplomats and merchants. The Wizard's guild charges an arm and a leg for them. They can't be used once the slave in them dies until the guild recharges them, which costs as much as a new one. Simple economics dictate that house Grantlo makes sure slaves don't die as soon as a collar is put on."

Amber couldn't argue with the logic. They would want to minimize costs. She still didn't take his reassurances at face value. She didn't want to believe that she was "slave material." If only she could remember her past. Maybe slavery was better than what she'd had before. She shook her head at the thought.

"Now what? I suppose everything you show me is for a reason."

"Yes, it is. This test was to show you something about what you'll be expected to master as part of your training." Turning to the slave who hadn't yet risen from where she was laying, he asked, "Bethela, how long did it take you to learn how to hold someone on the edge?"

The slave rose to her feet. "That was especially hard for me, Master. I think it took three months and numerous punishments."

"You were punished for taking three months?"

After looking for Garth's permission to respond, Bethela answered Amber. "I asked to be punished when I failed. My trainer was not planning on it at first."
