 Chapter 3

The Lure of Slavery

Thabian Y'Grantlo was a small man, not at all what you'd expect of someone who was the Lord of one of the great houses of the Helshenti Empire. The Lord was incredibly observant and had a memory like a steel trap. As Carli's punishment came to an end (yes, he knew the name of the slave being punished), his eyes tracked the female captive that fled from the punishment hall.

"Inclon, was that the captive from Calufrax?"

The man next to him, a graying figure leaning on a walking stick, closed his eyes for a second. "Yes, my Lord, I believe her name is Amber." Anticipating the next question, an ability every skilled advisor learned, he added, "No, I don't know why she fled, or how she was able to do so, for that matter. Do you want me to investigate the matter?"

"Yes. I can't recall any previous case of a captive fleeing a punishment demonstration. Fainting and retching, yes, but not flight such as that. Garth was apparently caught totally off guard for her to have escaped his leash."

"I imagine so. You're right, this has never happened before. The lack of memories should've made such a reaction impossible."

"When was the last time we took captives from Calufrax?'

"Five turns Lord. The Venturers have visited regularly, but the social conditions make taking captives from there rare."

"Yes, I recall. I also recall that we continue visiting there because captives from Calufrax make superior slaves. I believe that no captive from Calufrax has failed to accept slavery."

"That's right, my Lord. Much like finding a star fire. If you have no need of me right now, I'll find out why she fled."

"No, nothing for now. I need to review the service offers for the upcoming graduates."

*****

Garth was staring in shock at the captive at his feet. Amber was sobbing uncontrollably, muttering how evil and depraved she was. So shocked was he by what he saw, he didn't even feel the embarrassment that losing control of a captive would normally bring. "This has to stop," he thought to himself.

Garth reached down and grasped Ambers head, turning it towards himself. "Amber! Stop this at once! What has gotten into you?"

Amber, startled from her tears, looked at Garth with revulsion, though not for him. "Can't you see it? Can't you smell it?" As she spoke, she spread her legs, revealing the damp pussy and engorged lips that showed her arousal.

Garth looked at the familiar signs and squinted in confusion. "You're aroused. So what? Captives and slaves are aroused on a regular basis. After all, you're going to be a sex slave."

Amber collapsed to her ass and let her head slam against the wall of the corridor. She was oblivious to the small crowd of spectators and the elderly man pushing his way through them. "I was turned on by Carli's punishment. Don't you get it? Her pain and suffering made me all hot and bothered. I liked it that she was in agony. I'm evil! I should just die."

Garth rocked back on his heels. He'd never heard of such a thing. Oh, the arousal from watching a punishment wasn't unheard of, though it was unusual. What had him at a loss for words was the utter horror Amber had for the effect. Part of him, however, was nodding. This was yet another case of Amber's reactions that seemed to stem from unremembered beliefs. It was almost unheard of that a captive would be so sure of things that they had no memories to support.

Inclon stepped forward, his stick tapping against the floor as he did. Garth, aware of his presence now, stood and gave a small bow. "Master Inclon, you honor us with your presence. How may I help you?"

"I think it is I that can help you. If I may talk to the captive?"

"Of course, sir."

"Amber." The advisor waited until Amber looked up. "Am I to understand that you feel guilt and shame over the way your body reacted to the punishment?"

Amber nodded, unable to bring words forth.

"Would you mind standing up? I'm old and the floor is so much farther away than it used to be." He smiled at Amber's unconscious smile to his little joke. Once she was standing, he cupped her chin in his hand. "Something you must understand is that your body reacts to things whether you want it to or not. Yes, you were aroused by the sights and sounds of a punishment. That doesn't mean that your mind wanted Carli whipped. Surely you've noticed that you're aroused at the drop of a feather?"

Her voice back, Amber was able to mutter a weak, "Yes."

"That's because of what you are and will be. Trained slaves find the prospect of anything that is pleasing to their Masters to be arousing. I think that in here," he tapped at her heart as he continued, "you understood that the whipping was something Lord Grantlo desired, and reacted appropriately. This should make certain parts of your training very easy."

"So I didn't enjoy Carli's whipping?"

"No, my dear, you didn't. You simply responded to the pleasure of a Master." He turned to Garth. "Does Carli know Amber?"

"Yes, Master, they shared lunch. There was bonding between them."

"Ah, I see. That would explain the intensity of the reaction. Amber, would it surprise you to know that Carli will be very happy for you, because of your arousal?"

"Yes, though I guess I shouldn't be. The weirdest things seem to make you people happy."

Inclon raised an eyebrow and looked at Garth who gave a discreet nod. "So, her emotions remember what her mind doesn't. This is happening more often. I must find out why," he thought to himself.

"Are you ready to see Carli?" Garth asked.

"I think so. There was blood, wasn't there?"

"Yes. It's not as bad as you think. The collar..."

"Yes, I know, the collar kept her safe; healed her before she could be maimed. You all seem to think that makes it all right. Never mind, just take me to her."

Garth guided her back through the hall and out another of the entrances. They passed through one of the ubiquitous curtains and found Carli lying on a table, her back showing a criss cross of wicked looking scars. Bressala was standing beside Carli, one hand on her back. Carli gave an occasional gasp of pain as Bressala's hand brushed over a scar.

"Carli," Bressala whispered, her head nodding towards the entrance.

Carli looked up, giving a moan of pain as her back shifted. "Amber," came Carli's excited cry. "I'm so glad you came. This is as bad as it can get. How are you feeling?"

"Horrible. Guilty. It...I was aroused by it." Shame covered Amber's face and she was unable to look Carli in the eyes. She missed the great smile that Carli had at the news.

"Amber, that's so wonderful! Do you know how rare that is? You're going to be a wonderful slave."

"Wonderful? Carli, I was hot because of your pain. It's like I wanted you hurt. How can that be so wonderful?"

"You don't understand. This'll make your training so much easier. The hardest part of training is symbiosis; to feel the pleasure that comes with pain. Your body already understands that pain can bring pleasure. I envy you."

"I don't understand. What's to envy? I'm going to die in two days."

"No, you're not. I want pleasure/pain symbiosis so much. That's why I asked for the pleasure free week. I just know that if I'd reacted to the punishment demonstration as you did, I'd already have achieved symbiosis."

"So all slaves like pain?"

"No, we don't enjoy pain," Bressala answered. "We can find pleasure from pain, that's different. Some Masters and Mistresses enjoy seeing pain in their sexual partners, so slaves must be able to endure through the pain. Being able to climax from pain means that enduring is so much easier."

"I suppose you can do that, have an orgasm from just pain." Hostility was creeping into Amber's voice.

"Yes, I can. I have, on numerous occasions."

"Prove it! Cum from pain right now."

Bressala actually smiled. "Master, would you be so kind?"

"Of course, Bressala. Fetch a number three paddle."

Bressala winced and left, only to return with a paddle. The instrument was about nine inches across with a handle just as long. One side of the paddle was covered in small bumps of some kind. Garth took the paddle and pressed it against Amber's ass.

"Oh my God! That's horrible. Those bumps are sharp."

"Yes, they are. The whole point is to show you that pain can bring pleasure. Bressala, against the wall, if you will."

"Yes, Master."

Bressala walked to the wall and placed her hands against it, leaning forward so that her ass was thrust out towards Garth and Amber. Garth attached his end of the leash to the table Carli was lying on. It stayed in place in spite of no visible mechanism holding it there. Looking down, Amber saw a look of longing on Carli's face. Amber would swear there was a touch of envy in the look. The first impact jerked Amber's head back to Bressala with a snap.

There was a red patch on Bressala's right ass cheek. Garth brought the paddle down again, this time on the left. A small cry escaped Bressala's lips as a matching mark appeared. Garth had stood so that Amber's view was unimpaired. Every three seconds, the paddle fell with a solid smack. Bressala's ass took on an increasingly deeper red hue. Amber couldn't help but count the strokes. At 21, she noticed that there were trails of liquid running down Bressala's legs and that her cries were more erotic than painful. At 33, Bressala was clearly moaning with desire while tears flowed down her cheeks.

Amber was crying as well. While she watched Bressala being beaten, Amber's own pussy was dampening as well. Again, someone else's pain was arousing Amber. This wasn't a small arousal either. Amber felt an aching emptiness in her cunt that longed for filling. When Carli snaked her hand between Amber's legs, the captive's deep need caused her to spread her legs wider. Carli's hand fondled Amber's wet pussy, brushing the lips with consummate skill. Amber backed up, closing the distance between herself and Carli. This allowed the slave to push two fingers into Amber's slit, slowly fucking the captive.

Bressala's and Amber's moans were now an erotic duet, both closing in on an orgasm. In spite of her own mounting pleasure, Amber couldn't take her eyes off the woman being paddled, nor could she stop counting the blows. At 55, Bressala gave a loud shriek and collapsed to the floor, writhing in ecstasy. The sight of the orgasming slave sent Amber over the edge and she collapsed against the table, pinning Carli's arm against the rough edge. As Amber bucked her pleasure, Carli cried at the pain in her arm, smiling as she did.

When her climax passed, Amber sunk to her knees, crying deeply. Carli asked, "Why are you crying? Wasn't it good?"

"It was good, that's why I'm crying. I didn't even try to fight it this time. I was aroused by her pain and I let, no, encouraged you to fuck me. I'm so afraid."

"Of what," Carli asked, "of dying?"

"No, of not dying. I'm afraid I'll accept slavery. I can feel the lure, the draw of the sex, so much wonderful sex."

"That's a good thing."

Amber shook her head, realizing that she could never explain her fear to the slave, her new friend. Carli saw this slavery as a good and wonderful thing. "Perhaps, for Carli, it is. But I don't want it to be wonderful for me. I don't want to be a slave." Lost in her thoughts, Amber didn't see Bressala and Carli leave.

"Amber, we have more to do. Are you up to walking again?"

"Yeah, I think so. That was unbelievable. Bressala had an orgasm from being spanked. You didn't touch her anywhere else."

"That's pleasure/pain symbiosis. Every slave is capable of it, though some experience the pleasure of the pain to a much greater degree. One of our slaves, currently in service, is able to orgasm from such a spanking after a mere 20 swats."

"Will I be able to...you know...cum from being whipped?"

"Once your training is complete, yes, you will. Ah, we're here."

While they had been talking, Garth had directed Amber along the passageways. Slipping past the curtain, Amber was assaulted by the sounds of pleasure. This struck her as being odd, given that the room had three slaves in it who were not being stimulated in any way. Instead, they were bound in total helplessness in some way. All three were struggling against their bindings, yet Amber was sure they weren't trying to free themselves.

"What's happening to them?"

"Absolutely nothing. This is bondage training. Some Masters and Mistresses like to bind their slaves, either for use or for control. It's not needed, since slaves are completely loyal, but some enjoy it."

"So they're learning to take pleasure from being bound?"

"Not exactly. Listen closer."

As Amber paid closer attention to the bound slaves, she realized that their moans were not of pleasure, but of frustration. Moving closer to one of the males, she saw that he wasn't totally human. She had seen him or someone like him in the dining hall. His features were very childlike and he had pointed ears. His cock was erect, very erect. Amber imagined that it must be painfully erect. His wrists and ankles were bound together with some type of rope, arching his back. There didn't seem to be much strain on his muscles. "He must be more limber than me," Amber muttered under her breath. His mouth was covered with a leather strap, preventing him from speaking clearly. Amber, now that she had moved closer, could make out part of what he was trying to say. It sounded much like, "Please."

"Oh my God! He's begging for something. Why is he aroused?"

"For the same reason you are," Garth replied, causing Amber to blush. "Bondage excites him. He's desperate for release, sexual release that is."

"Will he be able to cum?"

"If he does while bound, he'll be punished." A man moved closer, leaving the shadows that had hidden him. "What stage of training is he at, Frolon?"

"Manix is due to spend four hours bound. This is his second hour. If I may, Master?" Once Garth had nodded, Frolon pointed to a female human bound on her back to a bed. She was spread eagle, blindfolded, but not gagged. Her cunt was dripping moisture and the pussy lips were engorged and open. It was clear that her body was desperate for sex.

"Kathleen is in final bondage training. If she completes this session, she'll be ready for testing. She hasn't made a sound, nor has she moved in any way since she was bound four hours ago."

Amber whispered, "How long...?"

"She has another four hours and then she must go about her normal duties for the remainder of the day, 18 more hours, without receiving or asking for any sexual touch or relief."

"How can she do it?"

"It's part of the training. A slave is trained to put their owner's pleasure and desires before their own. The test is a full week of bondage and denial, while being used to provide sexual service at every opportunity."

"She'll have to give orgasms for a week without receiving even a touch?"

"Yes, that's it."

"What happens at the end of the week?"

"She'll be soundly fucked until she passes out, with permission to cum as often as she can," he said with a smile.

Turning towards the third slave, Frolon pointed towards a creature that Amber wasn't sure was male of female. It was very small, about the size of a small child. The prominent feature on it was a pair of wings that were as tall as the creature was. Seeing no penis, Amber decided that she must be a female. The wings had a metal clip on them, pinning them together. Given how fragile they looked, it was no wonder such a binding was so effective. One twitch of the wings and they'd be ripped. Small metal cuffs were on her wrists and ankles were linked by fine chains.

"There's no need to rise, Imri. How are you feeling?"

"Very horny, Master. Do I have much longer?"

"Just one more hour." Turning to Amber, he explained, "Imri is just starting bondage training. She simply has to stay bound, not touching herself, for two hours. Later, she'll have to be silent as well."

Amber looked closely at the tiny woman, no more than two feet tall. "What kind of creature are you? I'm sure I've never seen your kind before."

"I'm called a Fairy, though I have no idea if that's what my people call themselves."

"Do you like being a slave?"

"Oh yes, I love it. I can't imagine being anything else. You're one of the new captives, aren't you?"

"Yes. I don't want to be a slave."

"I'll be sorry to see you die. Would you like to cum?"

The casual response and blatant question caught Amber by surprise. She took a step back. "No...no thank you."

The little creature shrugged her shoulders. "Your loss. I give fantastic orgasms."

"She does. She's unable to engage in intercourse at this time, due to her size, but her oral skills are second to none. I suspect that she was already well trained in them prior to capture. Are you sure you don't want her to pleasure you?"

Amber nodded her head, ignoring the desires building in her body. The scenes of bondage were turning her on. She could feel her pussy lips swelling and juices running down her inner legs. Her nipples were also hard and erect. Trying to change the subject, she turned to Garth.

"I've heard more than one person talk about slaves going into service. Just what does that mean?"

"It depends on the type of service. Most slaves are purchased outright by their new owner. They become the property of the client and we don't usually hear from them again. A few clients, however, don't want or need permanent slaves. These owners rent them for specific periods of time or for specific occasions. We have one customer who celebrates Nargoth by throwing a party for all his friends and he rents a dozen slaves for it. The party lasts for the entire festival and then the slaves are returned. It's actually very useful for training purposes. He doesn't require slaves trained in pleasure/pain symbiosis or orgasm control, so many of the trainees can serve at the party and become accustomed to what service can be like."

"What if one of his guests wanted to give pain to a slave?"

"That's why we send some of the trainers as well. We have one more thing to show you before I return you to your quarters."

"What is it?"

"You'll see. Come along."

Garth led Amber along more corridors. She had difficulty telling one passage from another. It struck her as odd that so much of the slave training complex was underground. She didn't know why, but she was sure this type of construction wasn't normal for her. It occurred to her to ask Garth, but she was reluctant to do so. Every time he talked to her in that understanding way of his, she felt her ability to resist his lies get a little harder.

Even worse was how all the slaves seemed so happy with their lot in life. Not only were they happy, they seemed honored by their position as slaves. Could she ever become like that? How did it happen? Everyone admitted that they didn't like the idea of being a slave at first, but they'd come to accept, and even embrace, it. Amber was terrified that these slavers were far better at their jobs than she liked.

They had arrived at Garth's next stop. Even before the curtain was drawn aside, Amber could hear the moans of someone in ecstasy. Inside was a scene that Amber could only find one term to describe; gang bang. A female slave with dark blue skin was the center of sexual attention for seven other slaves. Her hands were bound behind her back. She was straddled on a male slave, his cock plunging in and out of her cunt. Another female slave was behind her, holding some device at her ass. As it too was moved, Amber could see it was a carved phallus of some kind, a cock without a body. Another female slave was in a leather sling suspended from the ceiling. That slave's pussy was at the blue slave's mouth, being pleasured orally. Two more slaves had their mouths on her breasts, licking and nibbling at the nipples and areolas. The last two slaves surrounding her were running their hands along the parts of her body that weren't receiving attention from the other five. As Amber watched the blue-skinned slave, her body awash in sweat and other unnamed fluids, shuddered in a climax.
