 Chapter 6

First Lessons

 "Master, it's time to wake up, Master." Justilia gently shook Inclon as he sat face down at his desk, scrolls unrolled beneath his head.

Inclon's eyes opened. He was suddenly aware of hunger pains and a dry mouth. He pushed himself up in his chair and rubbed his face. Sometime during the night someone, most likely Justilia, had capped his ink bottle and put his quill away. As he finished waking, he remembered what he'd been doing the night before.

Amber had fallen asleep two days ago, saddening the entire house. Inclon was convinced now that there was something wrong with the memory potion; something that allowed Amber to remember enough of her past, if only subconsciously, to create a dread of slavery so strong that she would rather, in her heart of hearts, die.

In the light of day, after his body forced itself to catch up on its sleep, the conclusion he'd come to seemed preposterous. Yet, there could be no other explanation. Alchemy was, like all magic, a precise science. The proper reagents mixed in the proper way would have the results they were supposed to have. The potion should have worked to subdue every memory, and every connection to those memories, that Amber had of her past. The only way it could fail was if the potion had been made with the wrong mix of ingredients. Inclon had even calculated the most likely wrong recipes that would allow a captive to access memories in some way.

The problem was that the memory potion wasn't made a dose at a time. One batch could last for over a year's worth of captives. If the potion Amber had taken had been mixed wrong, it would've been wrong for the last seven month's of captives. That meant that whatever the problem was with the potion, it was one that only affected some of the captives. That's where knowing about Calufrax and the conditions that Amber was taken under pointed the way. The potion was just a little weak. In normal captives, the memories stayed unreachable. In Amber, with the extremely strong associations her recent memory had, there was enough bleed over to allow a sense of her memories to come through; enough to give her those strong feelings of knowing.

So, Inclon had drawn a dose of the same batch that Amber had been given and tested it. It was perfect. There was nothing wrong with the potion in any way. All the reagents were present in the correct amounts. The forensic stone showed that the mixing methods had been textbook. The potion should've worked perfectly, blocking all access to Amber's memories. Yet it obviously hadn't. Inclon found himself on the cusp of having to accept the impossible. On another world, what he was faced with would have been called Occam's razor. He'd eliminated every other possibility. The only one left was so improbable as to be unworthy of consideration. However…

Knowing only one way to test this impossible solution, Inclon rose and left the room. Justilia looked perplexed as her Master left without a word or acknowledgement of her presence. She knew something was seriously wrong and followed after Inclon. He would need her, she was certain.

 ***** ***** *****