 Chapter 3 - The Legacy

The next day passed uneventfully but with Bess feeling much better than she had in years. The morning stiffness and body aches that usually greeted her were gone, a new vitality surged through her she had long forgotten. She met Kate again in front of the inn and like the night before they paid a visit to the blacksmith. They continued this routine another fortnight. Always finding him in the same condition, they slipped in, used him and slipped out. Kate monitored Bess' progress and was anxious for Bess to have a solid start and practice. They found that the stable boy could be plied with a feeble ruse into thinking it was all a dream and the two women began visiting him every night after their visit to the blacksmith. The boy easily fell for their ploy. Bess had only to squat upon his body and spread her skirts over him. She accessed him without using her hands, with the Charm alone, so that he never saw her secret. He was a rich source of what they needed and could be tapped two or three times in a night. 

Bess was responding very well with newfound vigor and a fresh glow to her skin. Meanwhile, Kate carefully schooled her at every opportunity about the weighty responsibility that came with this unique gift. She reminded Bess repeatedly that people's first reaction to strange things they did not understand was fear and that witches were still burned at the stake for mere superstition. She admonished Bess not to reveal her secret to any one she did not have absolute trust in and then only if they could cope with the knowledge. She stressed that the Charm was a gift that could not only provoke fear but jealousy as well. She told Bess not to use her kiss too freely because it alone could draw suspicion. That it must only be used to bind a man's lust to her need or to blind an adversary and affect an escape. Most importantly, Kate stressed the precaution of not remaining in one place long enough for people to notice her regressing age or that she did not age at all.

Finally, the night came when Kate announced it was time for her to go.

"But... what will become of thee," Bess asked? She had grown very fond of Kate, she felt fear for Kate's well-being and, of course, being alone without Kate's council.

"I will return to my betrothed whom I miss and wish not to be apart from any longer," replied Kate.

"You give up immortality for a man," asked Bess, incredulously? Distress was overwhelming her, she wanted Kate to stay with her, she felt too weak to go on without her. "Why?" 

"I want the life I was meant to have; mother and wife; hearth and home. I have found a good, kind young man whom I love very much," said Kate. "I am to be his wife. I will cleave unto him, share his life, bear him his children, and grow old with him."

"And die," asked Bess?

With tears in her eyes Kate replied, "When thou hast lost count of men thou hast given thy heart to, watching them all slowly grow old and die, then thou might understand my choice." She sobbed and began again, softly, "I will take again my place in the family of man..." She was overcome with emotions, obviously very deep ones. Losing her composure, she blurted out, "I love him! ... Were he ever to part from me I would await his return by the roadside for the rest of my life!"

Kate's blunt but familiar insinuation struck Bess hard. The sadness she felt for herself was eclipsed by a new sadness for Kate. Bess had lost only one love and had grieved on him for years. Kate had lost so many she could not count them all and had grieved on them for centuries. And now she was facing it all over again.

"My apologies, but I carry a great lethargy, young Bess," continued Kate, regaining her self control. "'tis the sum total of much pain and loneliness. For many hundreds of years I have stood apart from humanity and watched it struggle. For all of those many years I have helplessly observed, an indifferent sentinel, neither helping nor hindering. Now, I shall rejoin history and play my part in it. I have had a rich, full life. I regret nothing."

Bess strove to understand what Kate had said. Comprehension involved placing herself outside her common day to day existence, the only frame of reference she had ever known, and looking at life as one who did not really live. She thought it odd to want to be a part of her world, the toil, the uncertainty, and the inevitable doom of death, but if she tried very hard, she could vaguely perceive the alienation of which Kate spoke. She let that feeling sink in a bit, wondering what effect it might have on her. Nevertheless, a question still gnawed at her. "Why me," she asked?

"When first came to me word of thy sad tale I understood thy grief," said Kate. "Thou art worthy of this gift. Make for thyself a fresh life, anew. If thou wishest, pass the jharum on to another, but I meant for thee to have another chance for happiness. Make it so, good Bess." She smiled earnestly and clasped Bess' hand to her cheek.

"May I find thee and impart it onto thee again," asked Bess, longing desperately to keep Kate in her life?

"Nay, good Bess," said Kate in distress. "Do not tempt me. My path is set." She hugged Bess tightly.

It was Bess who cried but she knew there would be no dissuading Kate if she had already gone this far. It was something she had obviously thought on many long years. 

Kate made her farewell short and simple. After saying goodbye and good luck followed by another warning for caution, she kissed Bess, on the cheek, and she was gone.

----

The first few weeks after Kate's departure Bess felt lost. She missed Kate very much and her guidance through this extraordinary mystery of life was priceless. None the less, Bess kept up with her practice almost every night, using the strategy and precautions set forth by Kate. She eventually lost count of how much life-giving semen she had taken from her quarry. 

Then, one evening, while cleaning a window pane, she noticed her reflection. Having not looked upon herself in some time she was shocked to see a woman she had not seen in years. Most of the extra lines and sagging flesh were gone. Also gone was a great deal of gray streaks in her hair. Her age was indeed slowly reversing! As the delight of her returning youth swept over her, close behind came the fear and dread that anyone else might have noticed. Luckily, being a common maid, few people took any heed of her at all but at this rate it would soon be apparent to everyone. It was time to disappear, and fast.

...

That was over four hundred years ago. Liz found it hard to believe that after all she had been through she could still recall it all so vividly. The wealth of experiences filling a 460 year life was immense. Liz had lived all over the world and had seen its many wonders. She had witnessed four hundred years of man's triumphs and tragedies; four hundred years of conquests and defeats; four hundred years of progress and regression. In all those four hundred years of patient observation she had found the answers to questions the wisest men on Earth had never even thought to pose. She knew the human race very well. 

Personally, she had made many fortunes and frittered them all away. She knew the rewards of patience, caution, hard work and diligence and she also new the paralyzing debilitation of indolence, inebriation and depravity. She preferred the former. She kept herself busy with work and learning. She had studied at the finest institutions in the world and mastered all the sciences, world history, art, language, and literature. Meanwhile, she kept her personal life pristine, tidy and manageable. She was always ready to pick up and move at the slightest provocation. She had become a master in controlling her life and guarding her safety.

"Guard ye well, Bess," she could remember Kate's dire warning. Liz had followed Kate's advice very carefully. She made the rules an implacable creed from which she never strayed. She never remained in any place long enough for anyone to notice she did not age nor get sick and she never returned to any place she had previously lived. She used her kiss sparingly, only when she had to or when its effect could be attributed to some other cause. If she ever used it defensively she made sure to avoid that person forever. She did not expose her secret to anyone she did not trust, in fact she had never deliberately exposed it to anyone at all. 

The one lesson Liz had held highest was one Kate had never intended to impart. Liz had never given her heart to anyone. She feared the pain of losing a cherished love so much that she had kept all relationships with men to a very cold, distant impartiality. She, of course, had taken many lovers, she needed them, but she kept them from garnishing too fond a place in her life. She had made herself very safe but also very lonely.

It was a dilemma that tore at Liz - To relinquish herself to love and face loss or to protect her heart and dwell in cold isolation. To nurture her emotions that end in grief or to shun anguish at the cost of perpetual longing. The thought of Kate and her countless broken hearts was her constant reminder. She missed Kate so much. There was so much she wished she could have asked her. Kate was the last person she had ever trusted. Dear, kind Kate. The only one of her personal rules she ever violated was her every five-year pilgrimage to Kate's grave. Kate had learned something Liz had not and she had given her life for it. After four hundred years, Liz was at a complete loss as to what exactly that lesson was.

What Liz had learned was how to get what she wanted from men. She needed their sperm and the best way to get it was sex. She found she could pull her Charm completely out of the way and engage in normal sex. Although she was always tempted to engage a penis for the shear pleasure of engulfing that tender flesh and pulling it deep into Charm, she refrained for fear of discovery, unless her lover was very drunk. She would suck up the man's issue after he withdrew but there was usually a lot of waste. This up-front approach was safer than skulking around in the dark for her quarry but it meant placing herself as a man's love interest, the kind of attachment Liz had tried to avoid. She often resolved it by temporarily becoming a prostitute. It was degrading and sometimes just as dangerous but it got her what she needed, earned her a living, and fit in with her low-profile, gypsy lifestyle. 

Another hurdle Liz had to overcome was her age. She had found that her age played a large role in what society expected from her and the influence she exerted over other people and situations. There was behavior a young woman could engage in that would draw strong objection if an older woman tried. Likewise, there was authority and credibility older women commanded that younger ones could not wield, not even with money. Liz had found it practical to let her apparent age hover around late twenties to early thirties for most of her life. Of course, that all changed in the early twentieth century when social norms came crashing down. Now that Liz could assume any age she wanted and still enjoy a broad range of acceptable behavior, she kept her apparent age in the early twenties. 

The advent of detailed record-keeping, however, was a bane to her existence. It made her ability to relocate and establish a new identity very complex. Mass data storage and computer assisted retrieval made it even worse. The freedom to give herself a new identity by virtue of her own word got replaced by an international system of verifiable facts, stored evidence, near instantaneous communications, and traceable history. As the world grew, her options and freedom were rapidly shrinking.

Photography also terrified her. She feared some day of coming face to face with a very old, undeniably identical photo of herself and the questions it would raise. Running away from an old identity was hard enough but the difficulty of hiding from her own image, if it ever became widely distributed, would impose dire measures. It would mean getting lost in places no one wanted to go. She no longer had to worry about being burned as a witch, now she faced the horror of being kept like a guinea pig in a lab, or worse - dying on some cold dissection table.