 As Nedan Roth stepped into the thick Forest of Ambrosia, the sunlight crept through the canopies, dotting the ground with rays of light. The air was cool with the early chill of autumn, the Ambrosia trees changing from their native green to dark pink, before turning black through the winter and repeating the process come spring. Though it was a beautiful process, Nedan did not come for the pretty pictures. He came to take part in a tried ritual among his High Elf brethren.

Every High Elf in Nedan's native town of High Grandeur is expected to complete one grand accomplishment in their lifetime, unique to each to High Elf and bestowed upon them at birth by Nocturne, Goddess of Fate. Once they believe they've completed their task, they come to the Forest of Ambrosia to taste the forbidden fruit. If the fruit is sweet, the Goddess will grant true happiness to them in their lifetime. Should they not be ready, the fruit will be utterly tasteless, and because they were not ready to experience their Forbidden Fruit, said Elf will retch the fruit back to the ground, only for it to be replaced by another, and the process is repeated with the next.

Nedan had already been here twice; once when he had saved his younger sister Minette from wolves while she was pregnant, and again when he personally convinced the Humans of Prosperity and the Tree Elves of Twath to ally themselves with his High Elves against the evil Night Elves when his father was ill. Both times he was lauded as High Grandeur's hero. And both times he thought he would taste Ambrosia, only to taste tree bark and return it to the earth in seconds. But not this time. This time he had earned an achievement that made everyone proud; just yesterday, he replaced his father as Representative of High Grandeur, and would now be the emissary of his town for inter-species relationships.

He had no idea how fitting the title would be.

Buttoning up his wool shirt, Nedan stood under the nearest Ambrosia tree and looked up hopefully. His long brown hair was billowing behind him, until he was forced to restrain it in a ponytail. The pink fruit dotted with black spots seemed to be beckoning to him. He had to enjoy this moment alone. His family had been there at each tasting, only to watch him puke the forbidden fruit back to the earth. He knew 3rd time was the charm, but just to be safe, he came alone. 

He stood on the tips of his toes and reached up slowly to his prize. He would not repeat his first time, where he had dropped the Ambrosia on the ground and it shattered like stained glass, bright pink meat spilling out of its shell. It was immediately replaced, but still, their laughter rang in his heart for weeks. This time, he reached slowly and gently, gingerly twisting the stem and pulling the fruit away. It was soft and tender; a firm squeeze would crush the fruit. Closing his eyes, he bit into the forbidden fruit and swallowed.

And immediately retched it, along with his lunch, on the ground.

By the time he was done, he was on his knees and shuddering. He was still mentally in shock by the time his body calmed down. It was impossible. Being named High Grandeur Emissary was a prestigious honor. What else could he accomplish in life? What more could he want? The only thing he was missing was a lover. And that he could accomplish at any time.

He was knocked out of his thoughts by a raucous laughter coming from behind the trees. He turned his head and saw his friend Alton in tears, rolling on the ground in laughter. Confusion giving way to anger, he stood and stomped over to him. "Oh, Goddess," Alton said, trying to calm himself down. "That's what, three times now Nocturne has showed you the finger between the ring and index?"

Nedan didn't answer, just turned and marched out of the forest. "Wait up! It was a joke!" Alton caught up just as Nedan reached the gate. "Come on, you gotta admit, it's kind of sad."

"Very. That's three separate times now I lost my lunch to the damn thing." Nedan said angrily. 

"You've got the highest honor a High Elf here can have. What else could there be?"

Clouds loomed over High Grandeur, eerily matching Nedan's mood. The town was batting down their hatches, preparing for the worst; Doors were bolted, windows shaded and locked, and house plants brought inside. "Look on the bright side, this just means there's something even bigger for you to expect." Alton said cheerfully. 

"If I'm lucky." Nedan knew all too well that High Elves who died without experiencing Ambrosia were denied their eternal happiness. He also knew Alton wouldn't have to worry about it; His accomplishment was the birth of his daughter Laya. Not particularly enthralling, but a fine one nonetheless.

Nedan bade farewell to Alton at the Castle of Grandeur, stepping inside just as the storm began to pick up. He sighed and walked to the dining room. He knew he would have to bare with his father's disappointing stare when he told him of the day's event, but no one said he had to do it sober-

Inside the dining room was his father, along with three others he didn't immediately recognize. Then it came to him: Today he was supposed to escort the Mayor of Prosperity around High Grandeur. He planned on going to the Forest of Ambrosia and coming back quickly, but was distracted by Alton. However, it wasn't the Mayor or his large bodyguard that caught Nedan's attention.

It was the small woman standing next to him that commanded his eyes. Under her black hooded cloak, he saw red hair, a fire concealed in darkness. She wore a short sleeveless shirt and tight pants, also black. His eyes started on her face, and traveled down her to supple breasts, tracing the outline of where her nipple would be and moving down further.

It wasn't just the fact that she was a beautiful 

human that was turning him on. She was not fat, but much fuller than the thin Elves he usually frequented, the girl's waist the thinnest thing about her. He pictured himself above her, tongue dancing on her nipples while his fingers prodded her soaking lips...

He shook the thought away and strode over to introduce himself. He had known from birth that relationships with a human were forbidden, and if he was caught, his family would disown him and he would be on his own for life. He hadn't even known the woman's name, and he was already picturing her naked body and what would happen if he were caught.

If he hadn't been so deep in his thoughts, he would have seen her analyzing him too.

"Mayor Gnash, my apologies for being so late." Nedan said, extending his hand. Gnash smiled and shook, giving him a hearty handshake. "No apologies necessary, Nedan. Just talking with your father about some things." Nedan didn't have to look to feel the heat from his father's glare. "Have you met my bodyguards?" Gnash motioned to the people behind him. "Tirran is from Prosperity, but Scout-"--He looked at the girl- "was raised by Tree Elves."

Nedan raised his hand and she shook it softly. He looked into her eyes and saw her gazing at him curiously. He pulled away and looked at Mayor Gnash. "My apologies about the bad timing of the rain. If you like, after dinner, we can still go out. High Grandeur is beautiful in the evening."

"No need, Nedan. Early morning is just as well, but about that dinner..."

Throughout dinner, while feigning political talk with Mayor Gnash, Nedan eyes would occasionally fall on Scout. She ate her food slowly, almost never looking up. When it seemed she would add something to the conversation, either Tirran or Gnash would give her a look that would silence her, and her eyes would fall back to her food. After dinner, Nedan sent his father to bed while he walked Gnash and his party through the back wing. Emissary Nedan did this to show them the extensive art collection, but Lusting Nedan did this because he knew he would reach Gnash's guestroom first, then show Tirran and Scout their bedrooms, instead of the reverse.

"High Elves have a very unique sense of culinary skill," Gnash mused outside his room. "You just must teach some of your recipes." Nedan bowed and promised, "I'll get right on it.", before Gnash closed the door. He then escorted Tirran to his room. He was creepily silent, made no attempt to communicate, and shut the door in Nedan's face. Not that Nedan cared. 

Finally, he reached Scout's room. "My apologies for Tirran." Scout finally spoke, her voice velvety soft. "I wish he was more sociable."

"It's no problem," Nedan smiled. "I've not unlike most politicians I've come across." To his surprise, Scout smiled back. "This is true." She chuckled.

Before Scout closed the door, Nedan forced himself to come out. "Scout," He said, louder than he intended. She stopped just before the door closed and peeked her head outside the doorway. "I was kind of disappointed when Mayor Gnash didn't take me up on my offer to see High Grandeur after dark. Our architecture is beautiful in the moonlight." He paused and continued, "I plan on going out anyway. If you would like to join me, I wouldn't mind."

For a second, Scout looked apprehensive, and Nedan feared that she would decline. Then she smiled radiantly and pulled the door open. "Lead The way."

*         *         *

"Your city is beautiful," Scout commented, gazing at the vast High Elf structures. The various buildings were tall and ornate, and even simple homes for average Elves boasted beautiful stained glass windows. And in the twinkling moonlight, the reflective buildings shined luminously, creating a dawn within the darkness.

"Thank you," Nedan smiled, something he had been doing since they began walking the empty streets. "It is quite lovely. Of course, once you lived here long enough, it begins to lose a little of its luster." 

She looked at him curiously. "Really?" She had been staring at the various buildings with child-like awe since they began. "I doubt I could ever get used to this. Twath was little more than hovels in the tree's. It can't even compare to all this."

Nedan suddenly was struck with inspiration. "I think I know something that can top all of this."

"I doubt it."

"Don't believe me?" He grasped her hand cautiously, and she surprised him by gripping it tightly. "Let me show you." Hand in hand, they walked through the dazzling the townscape. It was beautiful, but it was nothing compared to Lake Serendipity.

They arrived at the perfect time. Every night at a certain time, the moon would reach its zenith overhead, and bathe the lake in glorious moonlight, a blanket covering the crystal clear waters. When Scout saw the lake, her jaw actually dropped. "Oh my Goddess," she murmured gazing over the lake. "This is—I don't even know how to describe it. This is amazing, Nedan." 

"Isn't it? This is the grandest piece to our city. It's used for everything from leisurely vacations to romantic getaways."

"It certainly is romantic."

At the mention of the word 'Romantic', their eyes locked and broke away like coy teenagers. But then they locked again, and they didn't look away. Nedan pulled her hood away, and her fire red hair spilled down her shoulders and back. The lust Nedan had been bottling up had begun to leak out. He released her hand, and took her waist in his fingers. Her eyes and body were glowing, the moon highlighting her features. She was staring at him intently, not resisting whatsoever. He finally closed his eyes and pressed his lips against hers, her lips warming his body and hardening his cock.

Scout wrapped her arms around his neck and pushed her tongue inside his mouth. Nedan was taken aback but quickly returned, their tongues dancing under the moon. She broke the kiss and pulled back. Nedan's dick had gone from hard to throbbing. He wanted, no, needed so much more, forbidden or not. Scout's arms crossed at her waist, as if she was going to remove her shirt, but before she did, she asked Nedan, "I don't care that you're an Elf. If you care that I'm a human, I'll stop now."

Nedan shook his head. "No, I want you either way."

"Good." She removed her cloak and tossed it onto the ground, then pulled away her shirt, C-cup breasts nearly spilling out of her black lace bra. "Because I really need some of you inside me," She pulled him close, and he nearly came when he felt her breasts against his chests. She smiled. "Either way."

They kissed again, but this time they kissed aggressively, Nedan undoing her bra, and Scout feeling his erection through his pants. As Scout pushed him towards the ground, Nedan threw her bra with her cloak and placed his mouth on her areola, his tongue sucking on Scout's nipple. She moaned as her back arched against the wet grass, nipples hardening and pussy dripping. Nedan lapped at her nipples while undoing her belt buckle, pulling her pants and underwear to her knees. 

The ground was cold against her bare cheeks, but Scout didn't notice as Nedan began to pump two of his slender Elven fingers inside her soaking cunt. "Harder," She was panting now, each thrust taking away her breath. "Harder! Finger fuck me harder!" Scout was louder now, but Nedan didn't care, just withdrew his fingers to rub her clit in tight circles. Scout's legs clamped around his wrist, thrusting her clit into his dexterous fingers.

She was positively leaking now, pressure building deep inside her cunt. Nedan sensed her impending orgasm and rubbed her faster, then pressed his mouth to the hollow of her neck. "Oh, Oh Goddess, I'm gonna come," She tightened around his wrist. "Oh Goddess, Oh Goddess, Oh—"She exploded under Nedan, squirting girl-cream all over the ground. Her orgasm shocked her up and down her body, tingling electricity going the length of her spine.

When she was done, she released his wrist. He began to pull away, but she grabbed him and 

whispered, "No, I want everything." Scout pulled him over body, undoing his pants. Nedan had been so hard it hurt, and it was a relief when his cock finally broke free. He raised himself over her, and placed his cock just outside her sensitive cunt. 

"Wait," She whispered. "My name. It's not Scout. It's Ginny." Before Nedan could respond she put a finger to his lips. "But I prefer Scout." 

Without warning, he plunged deep.

Nedan pushed in to the hilt each time, Scout's body rocking with each thrust. She wrapped her legs around his waist and tossed her head back. He pressed his lips to hers for a moment, and then kissed down to her shoulder. "Ah, ah, ah," Scout panted, grabbing her breasts and twisting her nipples. 

Now it was Nedan who was breathing hard, grunting pleasure from deep within his throat. "Ah shit, I'm gonna, I'm gonna come-"He thrust himself all the way and shot his seed deep inside her. His hot spunk set Scout off again, and she screamed as she came a second time, both of them caught in a tsunami of ecstasy.

When they both calmed down, Nedan lay next to Scout and pulled her close, and she pressed her head against chest. "I have to leave tomorrow." She whispered quietly. 

"I don't think I want you to go."

"I can't stay here. You and I both know how your race fees about inter species relationships." The thought had left Nedan, but was now returning at an alarming rate, as his actions began to set in. He knew what he had done, but, for some strange reason, he did not care. Just pulled her closer instead.

"Promise me something, Nedan?"

"Hm?"

"Promise me when you'll find me." She pulled herself up and looked at him in the eyes. "I don't know how I feel, but I want you to come see me at Prosperity. I'll treat you just as well as you did me here." Her blues eyes blazed with ferocity. "There's a pub called Resurgence. I'll be there every night, just come when you can.

Nedan didn't even hesitate. "I promise."

Unfortunately, he didn't see the eyes watching from the trees.

*           *              *

The next day, after a tour of the city, Scout returned to Prosperity with Tirran and Mayor Gnash. If they knew anything they didn't show it. Nedan settled with shaking her hand, but even that simple gesture brought him back to last night. They strode away back to Prosperity, and for the rest of the day he pondered how he could come see her at Resurgence quietly.

The opportunity was forced upon him late that night. He was sleeping when his own guards jerked him out of his bed. "What in the name of- What is this?!" They didn't answer, but simply forced him to the town square. He arrived to the entire High Elf population of High Grandeur watching him with scorn.

And at the head of the crowd, was his father and Alton.

When he met them at the middle, he asked them very plainly, "What the hell is going on?" They both glared at him and his father responded, "You are on trial for the corruption of our species."

Instant panic surged through Nedan. "On what grounds?"

"On the grounds that you were caught copulating with the human girl from Mayor Gnash's party last night."

Panic became cold far, freezing Nedan in place. "Do you have any proof?"

Now Alton stepped forward. "I took a walk last night. I saw you and the human at the lake. You committed adultery in the worst way, and now you will pay for your sins!"

"I can't believe you, Alton! We've been allies and friends since we were children and you will toss me to the wolves like this?"

Alton was unshaken. "You committed the crime, and now you will pay for them."

Nedan's father turned to the crowd. "Nedan has been charged with adultery and treason. He is hereby pronounced guilty and now is exiled from ever returning to High Grandeur." The crowd broke into raucous cheers while Nedan's heart sank. His father and best friend, his entire world, had turned against him in an instant. "Where will I go?"

"With the one whom you took in your arms last night. Wherever you go, never return!" Alton ordered. The crowd applauded.

Nedan returned to his room and began to pack his things. His only hope now was Scout. He took her cloak which she left him and held it close before tossing it on. He had given up his life for her, and now he had to hope she would do the same for him. If she didn't-

No, there was no even considering that option. He tossed his knapsack over his shoulder and pulled her hood over his head. When he entered the city for the last time, there was no missing the look of scorn that the townspeople plastered upon him. He ignored it and kept walking. After everything he had done for them, they turned their back on him in an instant. 

When he left the outskirts of town, the calmness of the night enveloped him. It was like this when he had sex with Scout only a night ago. The moon his only friend and guide. He closed his eyes and followed the path that would lead to Prosperity, and where Scout would —hopefully– be waiting.

*          *          *

Prosperity was nowhere near Nedan's expectations.

The city was unbelievably dirty, and in a serious state of disrepair. The streets were littered with beggars and children, each with a weaker sense of hope than the last. Goddess, what had Gnash been doing to this city? Where were the guards? Soon he saw a large mansion hidden behind a gate, and soon realized that 'Mayor' Gnash simply hid away. He turned in disgust and made his way to Resurgence.

Resurgence was no cleaner than the rest of the city, but twice as dangerous. The entire room was full of cutthroats and mercenaries downing mug after mug of Ale. Worse, the entire room seemed to turn to him. He settled into a table and scanned for Scout. 

It had been no more than five seconds when he felt a rough hand clamp on his shoulder. "New here, friend?" The voice was slurred and slow. Nedan did not respond but shook his head. "You sure?" The man wobbled on his legs. "Because I sure as hell never seen you before." Before Nedan could do anything about it, he felt his hood pulled off his head.
