 An unfamiliar sound woke Gio. As he adjusted his eyes, a slight movement attracted his attention, and he found himself focusing on the metallic glint of his stun gun. The beam escorted him to oblivion on the rise of an adrenaline rush as he groaned, "Shit."

When he opened his eyes again, he was still in bed, but his arms and legs had been secured to the corners. He twisted his head in panic to see the Psi's woman clicking through his computer console and muttering to herself. "What in the hell do you think you're doing?" popped out of his mouth before he could rephrase the thought. 

Her head snapped around then, but before she could answer, he heard Damico call out from the bunk above, "Gio; thank God you're okay!"

Rolling her eyes, she told Damico, "There he's fine; it wasn't total bullshit. God you're a paranoid bunch!" Yawning, she got up and left; when she returned, it was with Courtney in tow, and Erin was commenting, "They're up, and man, that database is a wealth of information on these guys."

Looking first at Gio and then at Damico, Courtney finished knuckling sleep from her eyes, gazed at their bonds, smiled slowly, and spoke with a low voice, "Mmmmm. Yummy."

Gio wasn't sure if he liked that look or really liked that look; his heart rate jumped. His eyes tracked supple thighs, flared hips, and full breasts; her face achieved an ancient ideal of beauty with milky white skin offset by dark coloring and crookedly smiling rosebud lips. Breath deepening, he called in his solid baritone, "Your name is Courtney, you have a Vox arrest warrant out with enough reward behind it to keep you running, you're wanted in at least 40 systems that don't have extradition treaties with the Vox, you like origami..." He paused tugging on the bonds securing him to the bed making them creak and continued, "...you have a low sense of humor for high irony, and you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen."

Damico muttered from above, "Don't lay it on too thick."

Erin tapped on the console a little more and commented, "Watch it, Courtney; this crew was on the verge of initiating a Hunt. Look."

Courtney turned and bent over the screen giving him a lovely view of her flight suit's encased body. This woman is built to lure men into helping her destroy civilization.

Snorting in amusement, she turned to look back at him and Damico, "So. I make up their 'short' list," she said smiling wickedly, "They may change their minds if I have some fun here." 

Erin frowned muttering, "I don't think that's a good idea, Courtney," as Courtney licked her lips and approached their bunks.

Tossing her curls and tapping on Damico's body, she retorted to Erin, "It's either this or I start reading out loud my favorite parts of your alien bondage literature." 

Gio's head snapped from staring at Courtney's lovely breasts to Erin's bright red face as she covered her eyes in embarrassment announcing, "You're on your own, men." He couldn't help grinning. 

Courtney finished with, "Go knock off for some sleep; looks like the wife gets the best quarters on the ship, and you may as well get a good look at the situation," causing Erin to cringe. Before Courtney could chase her away with anymore digs, Erin left looking back at her with deep concern.

Undoing Damico's belt, Courtney said with a slight sing-song, "Want to tell me what you were planning to do with me, sweetheart?"

Gio watched her slowly unzip Damico's flight suit feeling a little nervous. That's bait, Damico. What is she really going to do to us?

Damico's low aroused rumble answered, "Lick your whole body with particular attention to your clitoris, love."

Thinking, Ha! I bet, Courtney leaned over and nipped his ear whispering, "My turn first...just in case you want to change your mind later." And thought, There; that'll keep him off-balance.

Her hands were out of view. Gio watched her arms flow down Damico's body and heard his excited intake of breath. 

Courtney grinned, "Hold that thought," and shifted to look down on Gio. His hazel eyes were watching her, pupils dilated, his facial expression predatory. Her breathing deepened in response and energy surged through her body. She was the huntress; he was her prey: the big game sport had begun.

Gio wanted that look; it promised him heaven after going through hell. Petting his face with warm, gentle finger tips, she murmured, "You're going to get my extra-special treatment, dear," and unzipped the front of her flight suit down to her navel. Gio's penis reacted and grew in turgidity; he wanted to touch her, to touch those breasts, to lick the skin sneaking around the material. But instead, he just got to look at her in motion as she continued to touch Damico above, Wait a minute, get back here! 

She said to Damico, "Too bad I can't get you out of this flight suit without destroying it." 

Damico moaned in response, "You are so mean."

"Hold that thought," she told him returning her attention to Gio. Thanks to the lack of attention in the interim, Gio's erection was not going anywhere but up. When I get my hands on you...

Looking down on him, she asked, "What would you like me to do?" 

The answer was automatic, "Untie me." 

Laughing low, she replied, "I don't think so," and reached between his legs to palm his buttocks. Moving her hand slowly back up, she pressed a finger through the cloth to rub his anus. His breath caught. She traced her hand along his massive buttocks before stroking his testicles. Then slowly she trailed her hands up his abdomen and chest, and leaning close to his ear, she whispered, "I'd spank you, but since it's not possible, that'll have to do." 

God, she'll grant me anything I want, so long as I stay tied down and can't get my hands on her. Fine. "I want your lovely breasts in my mouth," he said, voice rough with arousal.

"No fair," groaned Damico.

Grinning, Courtney unzipped her flight suit and stepped out of it. While giving Gio the best view yet, he noticed the bruises on her arms and neck. His heart hammered at the sight, and he asked with anger tightening his voice, "The bar fight?" 

"Yeah," Courtney chirped happily surprising him, "I love kicking someone's ass who deserves it," and then she let her smile sharpen as if Gio fell under that category. I'm afraid that since you cared, I'm going to have to give you a real hard time for being so cute.

She leaned over him placing her hands on either side of his head and slid one leg across his body to brush his penis. Gio growled and tried to move his arms causing the ropes to creak from the tension. Courtney experienced a wave of hormones cascading through her from the sounds of Gio's struggle, and a sticky warmth grew between her legs in response. Then she kneeled over him and presented a cloth-covered breast to his mouth.

His arousal shot through his body with the realization that if he truly wanted her breast, then he was going to have to nuzzle around the cloth to get to it. Lifting his head and pushing with his chin, he managed to push the cloth down enough for a warm breast to push free. His penis throbbed in response as he open his mouth and licked the nipple. When her nipple hardened, he wrapped his mouth around it and sucked and licked and sucked and licked. 

Gio's mouth on her nipple was like wet fire, and her breast had swelled. When Courtney felt herself breathe a soft moan, she lifted from his mouth and licked her lips. Her smile was sultry as she climbed off of him brushing his erection the same way in reverse. Gio had lit the desire in her to lick him in return. Her gaze drifted down his flight suit to the rigid contour rising against the material. She stood not bothering to fix her bra. Gentle Damico needs to get back to the brink.  

As her hands continued to move across Damico's body, Gio got to watch that beautiful breast. Her casual stance with her breast free to tempt him to caress its supple texture, to take its contours against his lips and continue licking its erect surface was dead sexy.

When Damico moaned, she stopped touching him. Not yet, love; not till it hurts a little, my sweet.

"No, don't stop!" He cried. 

She laughed causing her lovely breasts to bounce. Now for the main course. Looking back down at Gio, she asked, "And? What would be your request, sir?"

Looking up at her bright, teasing eyes and wide grin, he came to the realization: If we don't claim this woman, then she's going to get away with this. He answered, "Kiss me, my woman."

Damico choked on a laugh from above.

Courtney ignored Damico thinking, Uh, oh; you are addictive, Gio. Then she leaned over him and brushed her lips over his own trying to ignore the roar of hunger growing louder in her head. 

Gio's mind shouted, Just a little more! You HAVE to keep going! Based on what he overheard, she couldn't know how she was torturing him! When she pressed her lips to his, gently letting her tongue caress him, a thrill of excitement shot through his body. He opened his mouth then inviting her further, and when her own mouth opened to him, he slipped in his tongue and caressed her own as she returned the caress. Again and again, they kissed. She's ours! And she's crazy! No one else in the galaxy would tie me down AND put me in charge! You belong in my arms, beloved. 

She whimpered into his mouth, I have to stop NOW.

When she lifted her head and smiled at him, he rumbled low while breathing hard, "You're the most stunning creature I've ever known."

Damico responded from above asking, "May I have the 'stunning creature's attention now?"

Puffing on a laugh, eyes twinkling, she stood back up and returned to touching Damico's body. Okay, you. I'll let you relax till it's time to go again. 

Within a short period of time, Damico was shifting the bed above rhythmically. As Gio studied her body, he focused now on her underwear. It took him a few moments, but he realized she was wet, ready for them. He had his next request.

His decision was driven by the action above: Damico's grunting conveyed the fact that at least one of them had achieved tied-down-and-tormented bliss. Pausing to kiss Damico on the head, she cooed, "Very impressive, love," before turning to raise her eyebrows at Gio. What's next for your love pyre?

Gio was blunt, "I want you to take off your bra and underwear and ride me."

In other words, everything. As you please, but some resistance is in order. She cocked her head thinking, then smiled in a way that bode no good. 

Removing her clothes, she climbed on top of him and sat on his thighs. Then she raised the bottom zipper of his flight suit and pushed the halves towards his thighs revealing his underwear...and his erection. Finally, she then proceeded to leverage herself to press down on his clothed penis: he couldn't penetrate. 

Exasperation and frustration exploded through him as a result. "CONNIVING, WRETCHED, TEASING WOMAN!" he gasped as she lifted his penis to the extent the cloth would allow and rubbed it against her clitoris and the wet entrance to her vagina. I'm going to die of blue balls. Oh, she's going to pay for this. Sweet, sweet revenge is going to be mine! 

Courtney lowered her head to her chest and laughed as she continued to shift her hips rhythmically up and down. You just might make me orgasm from the power-high, love!

Suddenly Gio's breath caught as he realized that all the movement was causing the head of his penis to slide out from under the material. The next time she pressed down on him, he could feel it: soft skin, wet skin, warm skin, yielding to the pressure of his rock-hard erection. She gasped, and he lifted his hips to press up into her. But he couldn't. His hands were caught by his bonds. He growled. But then she moved. The cloth gave. And he was in. She was all around him, squeezing him, rubbing him. She shifted down, and he blasted over the brink, too far gone: the strongest orgasm he'd ever felt seized his body, and he ejaculated groaning. 

Just prior to Gio's orgasm, Courtney felt the pressure from the head of his penis on the entrance to her vagina, heard Gio's breath catch, and gasped. Oh, God, I can feel him. I want you Gio. She lowered herself down and felt him slide into her, stretching the walls of her vagina wide, brushing the g-spot, and moving deeper and deeper. You feel good; too good. She shivered and moaned as he thrust deeper into her groaning as he orgasmed.

Crying out in ecstasy, he said, "Oh God, you're amazing!" 

But when he opened his mouth to demand that she satisfy herself in front of him, the door was thrown open by the Psi's woman running in and yelling, "They're all returning here now!" 

Jaw dropping, Erin made an immediate about-face but not before Courtney saw the wide grin spreading across her face. I know, it's just like your trashy stories...I was inspired, okay?

Damico barked, "You had better be staying!"

Courtney leapt from Gio's body. Everything that felt so right was chilled with his sudden removal from her body. 

He reacted throwing his weight into pulling free of the bonds. She was claimed, and they were joined! His efforts were unsuccessful. "YOU AREN'T GOING ANYWHERE!" he ordered.

The creaking ropes sped Courtney's fingers zipping herself back into her flightsuit as Damico joined in the struggle for freedom. She reflected, Once they're loose, I'm going to be running with those bogeys in my slipstream. 

Giving up, Gio growled, "We're not finished here, MacClain," as Courtney glanced back at him one last time. Then he grinned wolfishly at the sight of her discarded underwear and bra.

