 Chapter 4 - A Night in an XXX Arcade

The honking horn from a passing car suddenly jolted Liz from her meandering ruminations. It had turned dark and the parking lot in front of the book store now had many cars. It was collection time. 

Liz looked around to see if any one was about and then lifted her skirt up to her waist. With her knees spread and her hand cupped in front of her pussy she pushed Charm out into the open. The tender tentacle spilled out easily into her hand. All out, she stretched Charm to its fullest length, enjoying the respite from the cramped confines of her uterus and feeling the cool night air. With both hands she gently clasped her prize and lightly stroked it. Yes, this is what she needed, some self indulgence and gratification to pique her mood before sex. She caressed it up and down the entire length, teasing herself toward fulfillment. She opened up the tip and engulfed her middle finger as deeply as she could while lightly stroking Charm up and down with the other. Faster and faster she stroked, sucking her finger in a matching rhythm.

Charm played itself into her stimulation as well. She liked to swell up its base to increase its girth and firm up its overall malleability like an erect cock. She could surge it up and down within her cunny just like she were being fucked. She could also bend back a coil toward her clitoris and deftly massage her other pleasure center into absolute distraction.

Liz plied all of these techniques to manufacture the perfect climax, quick and satisfying. The pleasure crept through her, she started bucking her hips uncontrollably under her own stimulation. She made a ball within the length of Charm and rolled the bump up and down, round and round in her vagina. Her rapture was quickly pressing her into an uncontrollable extreme. Higher it climbed, to her release, over the point of no return. She let go and braced her hands on her knees, she closed her eyes tight and shuddered in her orgasm as Charm coiled and twisted between her thighs in the throes of her bliss. Her hips jerked in a spastic twitch and she suppressed a high squeal while straining muscles slowly relaxed. 

When it finished its course, Liz blew out a long sigh and fell back against her seat. That put her in the right frame of mind. She paused a minute for her strength to return and then she pushed down her skirt, slipped on her shoes, opened the car door, and stepped out into the night. She bunched Charm up against her vulva to keep it warm and out of sight but ready for an encounter. She walked boldly toward the parking lot with her coat drawn tightly around her. 

Across the parking lot, a car door opened and someone stepped out. Remarkably, it was the same car that had pulled into the lot when she first arrived, the one that had been behind her. Even more curiously still, it was a woman who stepped out. She was wearing a black leather coat over a short, red dress. The woman started walking directly toward Liz. As they closed in on one another, Liz noticed the woman was of slight build with very shapely legs and neck length hair parted low on one side. Her stride was bold with a frivolous bounce as she walked. Liz made the corner of the bookstore and turned toward the door and the woman changed her course to match. Watching the woman, Liz could now distinguish that she was very attractive with large, merry eyes. The low sweep of hair across her face gave her a roguish, playful appearance. All the time the woman was looking directly at Liz with a very mischievous smile.

The woman got to the door just an instant before Liz. She snatched the handle and pulled the door open for Liz. Standing to the side she said, "Amusez-vous, ma soeur," in flawless French.

'A frog', thought Liz. She was puzzled as to why this strange woman was calling her 'sister' and what she was up to, but this was not the place to start trouble. "Merci bien," she said and stepped in through the door.

The inside of an adult bookstore is an entirely different world than the one outside. It is a clearinghouse of sexual ambition, where a man's lust is temporarily assuaged for a price and the resulting shame washed away with disinfectant. As soon as Liz crossed the threshold, she was met with curious glances by half a dozen men scrutinizing the erotic magazines displayed along the walls. They all quickly averted their gaze when their eyes met Liz', too ashamed to confront an object of their desire's strayed quest. All except the store's operator behind the counter, a big, burly man covered with dark fur. He stared at Liz with a frown, a lip curled in disgust, and an incredulous shake of his head.

Liz felt a nudge as the French woman stepped in behind her. She turned to look at her and found the same wicked smile as before. In the full light, she looked fresh and young, much too pretty of a thing to be on a perversion excursion. The woman stepped around Liz and then waded directly into the midst of the porn perusing patrons with a mock look of fascination; causing them to shuffle away in uncomfortable silence. Liz swore to herself that if she lived another 400 years she would still not understand the French.

Liz' objective lay beyond the store area, in the arcade. The XXX arcade was an area toward the back behind a pair of swinging doors. It was an array of private, coin-operated video viewing booths where clientele could seclude themselves to watch a variety of X-rated movies playing on several closed-circuit channels. This was where Liz fed her need. 

She made a bee-line for the arcade and pushed through the swinging doors. On the other side she found another half-dozen customers examining a display of current features playing along side the number of the channel on which they were to be found. All of these men gave the same reaction to Liz's presence as the ones outside but with a little added curiosity. Liz gave no notice to the display, she was not here to see movies. She proceeded directly to a particular booth at the end of the corridor being careful not to confront any of the customer's gazes. She did glance back at them with a brief but well-practiced alluring smile before secluding herself behind the booth's door and latching it.

The booth was a dimly lit, four by four foot cubicle with a plastic chair in the center of its sticky floor and the overwhelming odor of pine-scented disinfectant. Opposite the door was a video screen with a speaker, a volume knob, a channel selection button and a coin/bill register beside it. Just below waist height and in the middle of the wall to the adjacent booth was a hastily cut hole about 4 inches in diameter. This was called a 'glory hole'. While viewing a movie an occupant could arrange for the exchange of oral sex with the occupant of the adjoining booth through this hole. This glory hole is how Liz satisfied her needs without exposing her secret.

She needed to get to work quickly before someone entered the booth next door and peeked in on her. She pulled the wooden wedge out of her coat pocket and set it on the floor pointing to the door. She gave it an abrupt kick to jam it into place and secure the door shut from intruders, in case the latch was not sturdy enough. Next was the video screen. A closed door without the steady feed of money into the video machine would alert the store attendant and draw an angry knock at the door with the possibility of expulsion. Liz pulled out a five and slid it into the bill register. The light overhead went out and the video monitor came to life with a sex scene already well under way.

On the screen, an implausibly attractive blond woman with breasts shaped like a muffin-tin was being ravaged by a dubiously virile man who, ironically, lacked any trace of body hair. It was the standard porn faire, washed clean of passion and romance, served on top of a melodramatic chorus of expletives, and with plenty of biologically concise close-ups for verification of the act. Liz took particular note that their faces never got closer than 3 feet. 'How could you call that making love?' she thought. But then, having become an expert in detached sex, she really could not judge.

Liz quickly took off her coat and draped it over the monitor, not out of modesty but to make the room dark. She backed herself tight against the glory hole wall and pulled up the front of skirt, tucking it under her waist and out of the way. She stretched out Charm and felt around the stuffy, still darkness, waiting for a cock.

She didn't have to wait long. She heard the door in the next booth close and then saw the light coming in through the hole change from tungsten yellow to a sodium-blue flicker. Through the hole came four fingers which felt around the perimeter - a proposition was in the offering. The hand withdrew and Liz drug her fingers around the hole in a like manner - offer accepted. Liz heard a zipper and then some fumbling before the light of the hole was blacked out. She reached out carefully with her hand and came into contact with an erection protruding through the hole. She examined it with her fingers, feeling its distinctive soft, fine-pored texture and warmth. She clasped it around its base between her finger and her thumb to keep him from pulling away. She stepped in front of the hole and then reached out with her wet tentacle to meet the penis near its tip. 

Through the wall she heard a voice mutter "Oh, yeah," in a low whisper. She longed to indulge herself by engulfing that tender but firm flesh and sucking it deep into Charm so she could feel it in her sensitive depths and undulate around its intricate contours. She couldn't. She had to mimic a blow job or she might risk revealing her secret. She flattened out the tip and slowly dragged down and then up the length of the prick like a tongue would, teasing and enticing. She slobbered her slick excretions over it, moistening it, making it ready to swallow. She opened the maw at Charm's tip to imitate a pair of soft, moist lips and glided them slowly down and up the underside of the now rigid and throbbing member. With her tip still licking and smacking around his base and testicles she herd him grunt and then felt him shudder. 

Before she could bring Charm's gaping mouth to his dick's head she felt a warm, thick glob land on her upper thigh and drip off. She quickly caught his glans and pushed Charm firmly over it, sucking and squeezing it like a mouth urging a lover to his completion. She managed to work a couple of fleeting squirts from him and she drank them down but she had missed the bulk of his issue. She was disappointed in the waste but she made the most of it by engulfing him a modest five inches. That soft flesh felt so delightful and she really wanted to feel it deeper inside but she knew she had better not. She undulated the underside of Charm, imitating a swirling tongue to prolong his interest, meanwhile she gently nudged her clitoris, anxious to get something more out of this contact. 

He, on the other hand, was anxious to leave and began pulling away. Out of fear of having Charm pulled into view on his side of the wall she quickly disgorged him and curled her tentacle tightly under her butt. It was a good thing she did because the man knelt down in front of the hole to utter his thanks. All he got a glimpse of was Liz's fingers busily working her clitoris before she could step out of view. She heard him say something like "Go, baby. Jeeze you're hot." Eventually his video play expired, his light came on and he vacated the booth. Liz fed another five to the machine and waited for her next suitor.

She heard the door of the adjoining cube open and then latch shut. A half minute later and the light pouring in from the glory hole dimmed and changed hue. She bent over and peered into the hole from a shrewd distance. She saw the outline of a man's head, scrutinizing the hole himself for an invitation. Liz poked her hand through the hole and quickly withdrew it. She heard a fly unzipping and knew her message was received. The man stood in front of the hole and thrust in a semi-erect penis. Liz grasped it around the base as before but this time engaged him quickly. She opened Charm wide and swallowed him in. 

She had developed a technique, from watching many blow-job scenes on arcade monitors, of sliding Charm up and down a cock like a head bobbing up and down. She used a slack grip as she drew down over the cock and then a firm grasp with light suction as she pulled back, keeping the tip drawn tight like a pair of lips and swirling the inside of Charm on the underside of the dick like a tongue would do. The effect was perfect. She could bring a man to orgasm in seconds, delivering unforgettable satisfaction and profound accolades.

She loved the thrill of engaging a man. It seemed to her like a penis-to-penis encounter, like Charm were her cock and she was fucking a man in return, thrusting against his masculinity with her own weapon. She knew Charm was equal in performance and superior in ability to any dick she put it up against. She had an idea of what pleasure a penis felt and liked to believe it was akin to her own sensations. She also recognized the role of intruder and imposer that a penis enjoyed. While most women knew only the role of host and receptor, she knew both taker and giver. She had often wished she could meet a cock of equal capabilities to her own. One she could wrestle and struggle with for a comparable reward.

The actual sensation of the soft, silky-smooth, small-pored skin was much more preferable to anything Charm ever came into contact with, apart from her own vagina. She loved the contours as well as the textures, the flange where the glans swelled out, the loose hood of skin just behind it (circumcised or not). She loved the rigidity, the swollen firmness just beneath the taught skin that slid with her touch. She loved the tender throb of the pulse surging within it, especially as orgasm struck. And she of course loved the climax, the pulsation that traveled its length with the semen, the spurt gushing from the tip, the swell of fluid welling up deep within her maw, and that inner sated feeling when she gulped it down. 

With two slow pumps of her tried and proven technique she had her new partner at full staff and in earnest commitment. Keeping her fingers firmly around his base she used her other hand to cup his testicles, guaranteeing his entrapment. She lightly massaged them and gently kneaded them with her fingers. She focused her attention on working him with Charm, sliding up and down on him, pushing and pulling his skin with firm but yielding pressure. Liz rolled back the lips of Charm to give herself leeway for deeper penetration. She knew she could not completely engulf a cock all the way to its base and maintain credibility of oral sex but she so longed to feel that tender flesh deep within her sucking tendril. She felt the soft moans of the man through their common wall and knew he was close to his release. He gave a shudder and a jerk and then she felt the sensation of his orgasm as his ejaculation burst through his dick. 

Liz kept her hand cupped under his testicles. She liked the gentle throb under his crotch she could feel with her fingertips as each spurt shot up through. Her other hand found her clitoris with a quick circular grind. She focused her attention on Charm and she took inventory of his orgasmic response. She detected the surge just behind his scrotum, then came an overall swelling that traversed the length of his penis starting at the base. Just barely perceptible, she could then feel the tiniest of a rumble as the jet of semen charged up the shaft to be met with a slight swelling of the glans. Lastly came the stream itself, gushing out the meatus. She preferred to collect all of the jets into a single tablespoon-sized mass she could swallow up slowly and pass into her waiting depths. 

He delivered himself in championship style, grunting and twitching as he shot each portion into her waiting clutch. Liz ground franticly at her sensitive nub and tried not to nudge Charm in any way that would betray her nature. She made the most of her contact with him by undulating Charm over his soft flesh, twisting and scooching over him like an inch worm. With her own climax close at hand she finally gulped down his emission, feeling its slick coalescence pass all the way up her tentacle to quench the yearning hunger deep inside. And she came. Her knees almost gave way under the assault. Such sweet pleasure as wave upon wave rolled through her. She had to let go of him and herself, she pressed her arms against the wall to quell her shaking and brace herself from falling. Her partner patiently waited for her to complete her use of him. It was an almost tender moment as the two of them shared their post orgasmic repose in partitioned seclusion, paralyzed by the weariness their climaxes left them in and reluctant to forsake that rewarding intimate connection. 

He was the first to move, pulling backward as he shifted from foot to foot. Liz released him before he could pull her over to his side of the wall. She grasped Charm firmly with one hand but kept a firm grasp of him with her outer most rim, like a pair of lips wiping him clean on his withdrawal. This man was less gracious than the first. He stuffed himself into his pants, zipped up and barged out of his cube. 'No matter,' she thought. She got what she wanted out of him. 

The adjoining cell remained vacant for quite some time after that. Liz kept her conspicuousness minimized by feeding fives into the machine. She had quite an amount of time built up when a new suitor stepped in next door. He began watching his movie with no concern of the glory hole at all. Liz dangled her fingers through the hole and still got no response. She bent over and peeked in and saw the side of his head. He was obviously interested in some exchange. Liz enticed him again and a moment later a pale rod protruded into her space a bare inch. She stepped up to it and planted a wet Charm kiss on its head. Assured, its owner pushed the rest of it in. Liz was aghast. The monster encroached at least nine inches into her space. She grabbed it to confirm it was real more than to keep it in place. Not wasting a second, she opened up Charm and started wolfing him down.

Liz made her practiced maneuvers on it, mocking the actions of a mouth as well as she could but pulled by a yearning to feel that thing deep. She was enjoying him immensely, he had a substantial girth, especially around the head, and the contours of the rest of his shaft were a roadmap of throbbing veins. She kept working him and her clit, making the most of the encounter. She climbed up to a nice orgasm. It hit her harder than she thought. The ecstatic pleasure sapped her strength and momentarily interrupted her concentration. She leaned against the door and marveled that she could stand nearly a foot and a half away from this man and still have sex with him. 

On and on they continued. Liz began stroking Charm with her free hand, playing herself for another climax. It was not too often she had a partner she could achieve multiple orgasms with. The man's staying power was impressive. She had been pumping on him for over four minutes and he had not yielded anything but a copious amount of his pre-seminal fluid (which was still quite beneficial). Liz was glad for every drop she could get and would have happily milked him all night but suddenly his movie stopped and his cubicle light came on. He was obviously aware that a closed door with the 'In Use' light off would attract the attendant's ire and he pulled away to feed in more money. He whispered, "Sorry, just a minute." Liz stepped back away from the light pouring through the hole and waited. He took some time and Liz surmised he must have fed in enough for a good, long tryst. When his light went out Liz stepped back toward the hole but in the dark she got too close. He pushed back through the hole and his erection poked her directly up against her mons, nestling in her coarse pubic hair and then wedging into the crease where her thigh met her mound. Liz froze. He would no doubt know he wasn't engaging her mouth now. She then heard him whisper, "Alright, baby. Do I need a condom?"
