 Unceremoniously dragged down the wooden steps heels and elbows were assaulted against the aged wood of the banister as she continued struggling against the larger man's grip. As they descended further the smell of mildew and damp became more apparent.  

The blind fold blocking her view slipped to her nose, her eyes taking seconds to adjust to the faint light escaping from the open door above. She couldn't make out a thing, just blackness.

She hit the floor with a dull thud, the impact knocking the breathe from her lungs. She scrambled onto all fours spitting the dirt from her mouth as the blindfold is snatched from her face by a large calloused hand of her restrainer.

Trying make out the room clearly, she rubs her arms absently, wincing as they throbbed like a heartbeat. Turning to her left to take in air, she noticed the figure slowly descending down the stairs. 

Dominic was impeccably dressed in his starch white shirt, it glowed in the lessened light, stark in comparison to his dark three piece suit, his shoes clinking softly with purpose as he inched closer. He gently pulled at his suit sleeves then fumbled with his cuff links. 

'I find myself troubled, Alexis'

He spoke clearly to the hunched over figure of the young woman at his feet. Bending to touch her spoiled cocktail dress, frowning as she flinched away.

'This is not what I want Alex' he murmured.

'Then let me go' Alex spoke breathlessly, the last word sounding agitated by the situation she found herself in. 

Dominic stood swiftly, eyeing his accomplice and her restrainer, 'Leave us Taran.' his voice clear and full of authority. 

The larger man, hid in shadow, stepped forward, in the blink of an eye he was gone, Alex saw his movement however watching with hate and loathing as the door above them closed softly.

Dominic flicked his wrist with little effort and from the earth under his feet came a rumble of movement. In a swift formation, two free standing torches formed from the earth's particles materialised into view, illuminated the area. 

'Why are you doing this?' Alexis voice was quiet but Dominic heard perfectly.

'Why does anyone do anything Alex? Power, Money, position.' Dominic removed his suit jacket carefully, folding the item before placing it over the stair's banister. 

Alex shuffled backwards till she felt the cold wall against her bare shoulders. Dominic moved and knelt. 

'You're bleeding' he sounded surprised, as he gently touched her forehead.

'That is what happens Dominic when a three hundred plus pound man ambushes a smaller woman and manhandles her.'

'I'm sorry.'

'Save it' 

'Alex' He reached to take her hand, just as quickly she snatched it back.

'Don't touch me, I don't want you touching me again.' 

Alex looked anywhere but into his face, watching the torches burn and flicker with the life of the fire. Dominic moved to sit beside her, their knees inches from touching. 

'Why am I here? Where's my father Dominic?'

'He just said your father would be enough, you weren't suppose to be there.' He let out a long sigh.

'Who is he?' she turned to face Dominic, 'Dominic?' his golden eyes flickered for a moment before his face became a hard expressionless stare. 

He stood with an uncanny supernatural quickness and put on his jacket. 

'I have to go.' He looked up the dark stairs and let out a breath.

'Please...Don't leave me down here Dom.'

Dominic debated for a moment, the plea in Alex's eyes the cause. Her face was marred with lines of dirt, a trail of crimson red descending from the top of her hair line to her throat. He opened his mouth to speak, then resumed his hard expression. The internal pull of his employer would not wait.

He turned to the stairs placing his hand on the banister and reached for the first step.

'I'm sorry Alexis' a barely audible whispered apology, followed by a blur of motion as the door closed again for the second time leaving Alex watching the flicker of the orange flames in the darkness.