 'You can't keep me here! What do you want?' she screamed, scrambling up the first few stairs only to be met by magical resistance, flung back onto her arse a few feet from her previous position. 

Landing awkwardly, she felt a sharp pain fly up her side. The familiar taste of ginger coating her senses and the roof of the mouth. Alexis rolled her tongue intrigued by its intensity, like Ice cream. It's effect latched onto her and instantly left her a little lazy, 'A dulling spell.' She answered to herself, she wasn't all too familiar with the brand but knew the intention, to dull and then prevent the use of their own and others magic, this one was strong, slightly perfumed.

'Shit' She muttered.

Alex rubbed her side absently, cursing Dominic, she noticed the flames of the torches flicker. Goose bumps appearing across her skin as she scanned the area. 

'A draft' She murmured, frantically running her hands across the dirt and dragging herself upwards with some protest from her lower back and legs, applying the same blind administration to the surrounding walls to aid her means of escape.

She headed further into the shadows to where Taran had been stood, feeling the area through darkness. Her damaged shoe hit something foreign and metal as her hands felt blindly at the links of a series of chains hanging from the walls. As she lent over to inspect further, a large hand clamped over her wrist. The smack of skin to skin echoing through the space. 

Unsure how else to react Alexis screamed and tugged frantically at the unseen force holding her to the spot, using her other wrist to try to pry to freedom was futile, as in return, another hand caught her remaining wrist and subsequently pinned her to the wall.

'Quiet!' 

The simple word was horse and rough, from a male voice that seemingly had forgotten its use. Even so, it was still a command and with it, Alex uncharacteristically obeyed. They sat together in the darkness, two strangers as Alex attempted to normalise her breathing. 

The strangers grip didn't falter, but Alex had stopped struggling.

'You cant let me go now' she said quietly. The two hands gently eased from her own. The clink of chains sounded as the stranger moved away a few inches. Alex heard him sigh and then a thud, either he'd hit a wall or dropped down to lean against it.

'Who are you?' Alex frowned, fighting the flicking of lights to try and visualise the chained one. The silence dragged on and Alex realised she wouldn't get her answer. She slowly stood and wandered to the torches, lifting one easily from its holder and began inspecting the walls for weakness. 

The walls were solid concrete from what she could see in the diminished light and felt by hand. No windows and only one entry in and one exit out. The wooden staircase. A solid room for whatever horrors Alex refused to think about.

Alex slumped on the bottom step, torch in hand, nibbling at her bottom lip to stop the overwhelming feeling of crying out loud in frustration. 

After all the man in the dark wanted quiet. She thought angrily. Taking a long breath she released it slow, trying to focus her anger on something productive like an escape compared to her cell mate who too was probably here against his will.

'Least I'm not chained' she murmured as she stepped forward taking the torch to illuminate her companion. 

As the light flickered over the man chained, Alex grasped at what presented itself before her. A dark man was chained by one arm and one leg, wincing at the cascade of light making him visible. His torso was bare but muscled and marked with a long scar diagonally as well as a good build up of filth. His hair fell into wild mangled locks, his chin covered with stubble, easily growing into a shabby beard. 

As Alex cautiously inched closer, on inspection his face was not entirely unhandsomely. His head snapped upwards followed by what Alex could only interpret was a snarl. She hastily retreated, stumbling slightly over her own feet, leaving the chained man once again in darkness.

'I'm s-sorry.' Alex apologised, shakily returning the torch to its holder and resuming her perch on the step.

As she ran a hand through her hair she wondered how this night could have gone more wrong. 

Her main plan for tonight was trying to enjoy her obligations at her father's annual charity fund raiser for the VMA or victims of magical attacks, instead she found herself bound and gagged and fumbled into a van, a mere street from said fund raiser, before being dragged into her current state. 

That only had to have been a few hours ago. She knew her father had been waiting for her, insistent he change his time of arrival and greet all guests not just investors, otherwise they'd have travelled together. Somehow she found a small degree of comfort in that now that she had been taken instead of him.

That was her father to a tee, George Martinez always thinking about first impressions and everyone but himself. Alex felt her chest tightened, he'd be worried She doubted if her younger brother Paul, younger by three minutes, would be any comfort to him. As with most twins they were close. She wondered if he could feel her, call to her as sometimes only they could. 

She stood, moving to stretch her legs, the dull ache of pain still throbbing in her side. She became aware she was inching closer to the chained man as his chains clinked and dragged as he moved, she stilled fixed to the spot, leaning closer to the torches for protection and light. She heard him moan, the sound of pain, she instinctively grabbed the torch, moving closer. 

Alex dropped to her knees in front of the man, plunging the torch into the dirt to form a stable and close source of light. Without caution and thought she reached out to inspect her fellow captive. 

Jensen sucked in a breathe as the young woman in front of him reached uninhibited and touched his forehead. His first reaction was a snarl which the young woman ignored, moving her inventory to his arms and chest. He tired again to dislodge the attention with a growl, She raised her head and an eyebrow. Quickly returning to her administrations as Jensen observed her appearance. 

The aid of the fire was really unnecessary, he could see her clearly in the pitch black. Her hair was unruly, a mass of lightly formed dark curls. As she turned to the side, he noticed the long streak of crimson dried to her beautiful face and throat along with several bruises marring her arms and shoulder, no doubt from her struggle with the silent one named Taran. Her mouth and face screwed in concentration.

He flinched as she reached his ankle, the remnants of the last few days torture still evident on his skin.

'Sorry' She apologised, pulling from the rags of material at her knees, she took a long strip and eyed him questioningly.

'Do you have any water?' Her voice was sweet in contrast to the taunts he normally received from his capturers. Jensen jerked his head towards the two plastic bottles of water laid idly by his side. She reached across, her hair brushing against his chest, to unscrew the cap. He tried to remain still, unaffected as she dabbed the cloth with water and drew back.

'Your skin is inflamed, hot in fact, maybe feverish' she cursed, 'the shackle on your ankle looks like its the source so, well its the only injury I can see' She took a breath, 'I'm going to try to clean around it.' 

Jensen knew the skin would heal of its own accord, his high temperature an indication that his body was already working to regulate and restore his health. However, something within him demanded the contact, the touch, a moment of kindness in the insanity of his confinement. After so many days and night of solitude. 

Alex bathed the area with extreme tenderness, the area was still badly damaged and sore, Jensen let out a few obscenities as the skin stung against the cool liquid.

'Your name is Alex?' He cleared his throat at the menace in his tone, the woman's eyes widened and then she nodded, tearing another strip of fabric. 

I am Jensen.' He added without questioning.

'I say it was a pleasure Jensen but at the moment I think circumstances dictates a different emotion.' She let out a nervous laugh and sat back on her knees. 

Alex observed Jensen thoughtfully, 'How long have you been here Jensen?' 

Instead of an answer he moved slowly, lifting the torch and dimly highlighting section of wall to his right. His blackened fingers lightly touched the area, a series of several tallies marked on the concrete like chalk on a blackboard. Alex moved to the wall observing the days, months, possibly years embedded there. 

'If each of of these is a day....' Alex trailed off, her eyes trying frantically to take in the increasing number as the light moved upwards. 

'I came here 380 days ago.' He said solemnly.

'My god Jensen, that over a year.' The surprise and horror in her voice, gave him a small hope.

'I have endured.' He said roughly, positioning the light source back in the dirt. 

'What are you and why are you chained?'

Jensen smirked at her abrupt questioning, something told him Alex always found her way to the main point, delving for thread of truth. She rubbed a hand over her face, hiking up the remnants of her dress to sit before him awaiting and insisting a response. 

'My full name is Lewis Jensen Crane.' Realisation dawned in Alex's eyes as Jensen expected it would, she knew of his name, there were few in the supernatural world who did not. 'I see by your expression you know who I am, but few know what I am.'

'You're Lewis Jensen Crane?, the Mage?

Alex saw Jensen's eyes flare in anger, the glow of amber fire. Resisting the urge to flinch and scurry away back into darkness, she forced herself to meet his intense gaze. 

'Forgive me if I have offended you Mr. Crane. ' she retaliated shakily, 'My father has attended a few of your social engagements. He recalled your...methods and technique...as remarkable.' 

Alex rubbed the back of her neck seeking relief, the stench of ginger had been renewed with vigour, the scent swimming around her head, making it difficult for a moment to form words and sentences even in thought.

'Alex?' A concerned voice echoed in her mind as she tried to concentrate on the man before her. His outline and appearance blurred and distorted then cleared slightly before floating in her vision appearing feet away, in tunnel vision.

'Alex!' This time it was familiar, filled with emotion, anxiety, fear. 

Alex jarred observing the room with a critical eye. 'Paul?' 

'Who is Paul?' Jensen asked loudly, pulling against his metal restrains to close the gap between them, fighting the urge to shake his companion back into some coherency. He could hear the woman's heart beating unevenly against the wall of her chest, her hands shaking as if each movement was a labour against an unseen pull. Her face paled when observed by his incredulously sight. Her shoulders drooped, her eyes became heavy, blinking sporadically as she slipped onto her side.

'So tried' She murmured as Jensen gently tugged her upright and towards him away from the torch and its harmful fire, his chains itching against his flesh at the movement.

'What is it?' Jensen asked surprising concerned.

'smell' Alex answered sluggishly.

'Magic?' Jensen asked uncertain.

'mmmm, spell makes sleepy.....doesn't affect you?' 

Jensen felt the warm flush of emotion as Alex snuggled closer into the safety of his hold. He absently touched a strand of her hair, marvelling in the softness and faint smell of flowers. Unaffected by the magic of spells, Jensen watched her body relax as she headed further into a state of sleep.

'I hope you dream for us both.' was the last thing Alex heard faintly from the chained man as she gave up the resistance and complied with the compulsion for sleep.