 *****

George Martinez stood in the crowded ballroom of the Bellanca hotel, a magical port of call for social functions Such as the VMA annual charity event. He absently watched the variety of super naturals who mingled and laughed carefree, untroubled. All the while sipping champagne and eating canapés to the backdrop of soft lights, classical music and luxury furnishings. The expense of this endeavour seemed unimportant as George scanned the entrance and exit for the hundredth time waiting for his daughter. 

His bodyguard and close friend, Karl stood a little closer, fiddling with his cuffs, clearly the were was on edge. George swung towards him and spoke in a hushed tone. 

'I'm finding it difficult to believe that even Alex can be over two hours late Earl.' 

He took a gulp from the bronze liquid in the crystal glass, the ice cubes clinked as his companion nodded thoughtfully. The board, tall Were eyed the crowd, always watching. 

'As am I' 

Earl made a hand gesture and the guard on the door spoke fanatically while holding an ear piece. 

Several high contributors of VMA charity passed by Martinez and Earl speaking of their enjoyment and thanks to the cause decked in their expensive jewels and finery. Both men gave forced thanks and made polite chit chat as Earl's hand flew to his ear. He cursed loudly.

Martinez clutched his drink tight feeling the crystal groaned and crack in protest, a sudden feeling in his stomach leaving him unsettled. Both men nodded to the guests and stepped away towards the side of the room and prying eyes. Martinez grabbed Earl's arm tightly. 

'Tell me Earl.'

'She's been taken, one of my guys pulled the driver from the De Monte river, the guy had been blasted bad and for a Were it had to be bad.'

Martinez nodded, Weres had exceptionally healing powers and quick senses. Martinez didn't want to cheapen the grief that Earl must be feeling about a member of his team, but his head was brimming with possibilities and worry. His heartbeat throbbing loudly against his temples. Right now calm needed to be his friend. 

'And Alexis?' He prompted.

'Duncan, the driver, told the team she'd been taken before he took his last.'

'By whom?' George ran a hand through his hair.

'Dominic.'

'estimado dios ' Martinez cursed.

As he clasped Earl's arm in acknowledgement and shock. The man who'd abducted his daughter was one she trusted and loved. That was the foremost betrayal, the second was George knowingly trusting the orphaned boy. But then was he orphaned? Was it just some ploy? 

As he scanned the dance floor looking for Paul, he found Alexis' twin almost instantly dancing with a variety of faerie that Martinez couldn't recall. He took a long breath and called to his heir telepathically. A skill which had been strong magically in the Martinez line for generations. 

'Something has happened to Alexis.' Paul's head snapped up and around, he caught his father's gaze his eyes flashing a murderous glare.

Paul Martinez politely whispered something to his partner and whirled them to the side of the dance floor, murmuring a polite thanks for the dance. He strode to his father and Earl purposely, at sharp nod to the Were he spoke, 'Tell me' he asked between clenched teeth.

As Earl recalled all he'd been told and has consequently told his father, Paul felt his skin tightened.

'So' Earl took a breath, 'That's where we are now, I've got two of my best guys trying to track the car but with what Duncan mentioned Alexis could be anywhere and everyone in this room just made a list.'

'No' George interrupted placing his cracked glass on a passing waiter's tray and pinching the bridge of his nose. 'I don't think so.'

'George-' Earl started.

'I said no one here helped Dominic.' George met his friend's gaze and the two locked eyes.

'There's something you're not sharing here Martinez' Earl searched his friend's face with an agitated expression. Paul watched the exchanged and stepped forward to break the intensity of their gazes. 

'I'll try telepathy, If she is still close we maybe able to connect.' He touched his father's arm and George nodded.

'Watcha need?' Earl asked urgently.

'Somewhere quiet' Paul answered as he spun on his heel and headed further into the hotel's inner structure through the ballroom's double door exit. A few staff members nodded in acknowledge as the men strode towards the elevator.

The doors pinged open and closed in an antagonising slowness as all three men eyed the slowly ascending box and increasing numbers on the small LCD screen. The doors finally opened into a cool temperature suite. All three stepped out and fanned out into the room.

In silence Paul dragged a high back chair from an oak desk into the middle of the room as Earl closed the blinds and drapes. George removed his suit jacket and flicked on a small table lamp near a leather sofa, illuminating the room in a soft relaxing glow.

'OK, for this to work my surrounds much be quiet, so Earl if you can clear your head of thoughts otherwise they may interfere. Dad you know the drill.' 

George nodded and stood to move away. 

'George?' Earl questioned.

'I board cast my thoughts loudly so...' George pointed to the adjoining doors. 

Earl nodded and followed. Both men opening in unison one of two doors, entered the other room to stand on its threshold. 

Paul took a long breath and tried to relaxing, imagining the anxiety and worry and every other emotion leaving his body until he felt light as a feather. When this objective was achieved as much as was possible and he felt almost detached from himself, he imagined Alexis' face. Drawing on childhood memories shared helping to enforce his quest.

Something flicked in his subconscious and distantly he heard himself call her name. 'Alexis?'

The path of communication was weak and the pull on Paul's power was extreme like walking in treacle. Each movement was weighty and difficult. 

'Paul?' Alexis' voice was quiet. He tried to channel the union, to pick up sights and smells. He was instantly met with resistant, something powerful and unyielding. Unsure whether he'd actually heard right Paul tried again.

'Alexis?' This time his voice was spoken aloud as the thread of connection pulled and tightened making Paul sweat and gasp for air. Telepathy shouldn't have had this effect on a Martinez, Paul pondered, he excelled at this. Normally.

George and Earl darted into the room at Paul's gasps, crouching by his side. Paul felt the thread snap and the image he tried hard to conjure of his sister's location span and morph into a variety of hazy colours and random images uncontrollably. Like free falling into a whirl of space and time.

'Nice try, although it won't be that easy.' 

Paul gasped loudly and choked for air as the accented words of a stranger floated in his conscious. His chest constricted as he clenched the chair arms feeling control over his own body leave him and his brain slowly switching off into blackness.

George palmed his son's cheek and looked straight into Paul's eyes as they flashed a variety of colours. 'Son look at me, focus on me.' he pleaded urgently before Paul became unresponsive and comatose.

Paul's body started to flap uncontrollable, his limbs like rubber. Earl moved forward, restraining the boy's arms. As quickly as it began the fitting like behaviour stopped and the young Martinez slumped forward in his seat, his head buried in his fathers shirt as he laboured for air.

'Some water Earl.' Earl moved to the mini bar and pulled a small blue glass bottle from it's inside. He moved back to the father and son, gently lifted the boy's head as George held his son protectively.

'Drink.' Earl told the boy before thrusting the bottle to his lips. 

Paul took a long sip but most of the quenching liquid fell down his chin and onto his navy shirt, seeping through the cotton and spreading quick like disease.

'Paul?' 

Paul met his father's gaze, his eye's wide, almost frightened. 

'It's bad dad, something full of hatred and evil.'

'Alex' Jensen was surprised by the gentleness in his voice as he tried to rouse the sleepy woman. 

The smell of ginger in the air was still strong, Jensen turned and observed its flow in the air particles around them. He stared upwards, watching and listening as unseen technology moved eliminating the darkness, as it did every morning. The darkness of the room lifted, now illuminated by the glass ceiling overhead and the sun's rays of the dawn.

Alex stirred, a low murmur of intelligible words, Jensen shifted her weight in his arms, unable to loosen his hold just yet. For the majority of the night hours he'd held her close, stroking the softness of her exposed upper arms, trying to send his own body heat to hers. Jensen marvelled in how well she seemed to fit against him. She murmured again, rubbing her head against his chest in a feline fashion, trying to burrow closer to him. 

'Alex' Jensen tucked a strand of hair behind her ear.

'Hmm' She responded, wriggling and blinking sleepily. Suddenly she stilled looking down at the arms holding her. She turned slowly to face the chained man, her eyes wide.

'Jensen?' her voice was high pitched, 'Why are you holding me?'

'The magic made you restless' Jensen answered, releasing his grip reluctantly, helping her into a sitting position, her body shaking slightly after the loss of his warm. 

She looked around the room with a shocked unbelieving expression. She jerked upward seeing the sun, a lone tear cascading down her cheek. Jensen watched silently as the sun's rays spied through the glass dome. Highlighting the woman's classic beauty, covered slightly by dusting's of mud and dirt.

'I thought it was a dream' she bit her lip watching the white clouds roll over head. 

'You went under the compulsion of a spell last night do you remember?' Jensen spoke carefully unsure how to proceed.

'Yes' She rubbed her temples, 'The ginger is still in the air, I can smell it but its stale, wearing off' 

Jensen nodded, shifting in his position to accommodate his stiff limbs. 

'Can you tell who made it?' He asked as his examined the healed skin on his ankle wondering if she had an magical ability at all. He rubbed the ankle absently, glancing up to see Alex rubbing away stray tears. He shuffled further forward catching her hands. 

Alex stared into the eyes of her fellow inmate, her chocolate brown eyes wide as the green ones of the chained man mirrored her position. 

'You must be strong' he said softly as she nodded in agreement. His expression was soft, understanding, Abruptly, Jensen stiffened suddenly and a inhuman like sound erupted from his chest.

'Jensen?' Alexis asked uncertain.

'Someone is coming.' Jensen added angrily, jerking to his feet and pulling Alexis with him. His grip on her arm tightened as he shoved her behind him watching the door above the wooden stairs creaked open.

Time seemed to stand still as Alexis observed the cloaked figure descend the stairs, the clink clack of heeled shoes quietened as the robe hood flew back lightening the room in a blazing fashion and revealing a petite dark hair faerie.

Her tongue whipped out of her face in a snake like animation as she spoke. 

'The massssster will ssssee you now.' 

Alexis felt her skin start to itch, she rubbed and scratched as the Faerie eyed her intently. She turned watching Jensen step forward. Then outstretch his arms to be unlocked from its shackle. The woman let out a laugh, snaking towards them both, flicking her hips before lightly licking Jensen face. 

'Not you Mage,'

She whispered in his ear before she bit it hard drawing blood. Jensen flinched and she turned to move around him, locking eyes with Alexis and licking the droplet of blood from her lip happily. Jensen's arm flew out to stop her in motion. 

'What does the master want with the girl Diana?' Jensen boomed. 

The Faerie Jensen had named Diana playfully stroked his outstretched arm and dabbed her fingers on a few yellowing bruises. Never breaking her gaze from Alex. 

'He wantsss to play with her I think.' She answered in a sultry voice. 

Alex followed Diana's fingers dancing on Jensen's arm, a lone ray of the sun highlighting a strange tattoo like brand on Jensen's wrist. Before she could get closer the pounding of foot steps interrupted the happy prelude. 

Alexis' attention moved, now fixed on the door as she watched Taran descend the stairs. He was dressed in the same clothed he had grabbed her in. The fingerless leather gloves squeaked as he flexed his hands. He moved swiftly, deadly, pushing Jensen away from the faerie with such force that Alexis winced as Jensen bounced away from the splattered wall leaving a dent.

Diana circled her and pulled on a lock of her hair, observing it thoughtfully. 

'My Love, getsss jealoussss' 

She giggled a very feminine sound and tugged harder on Alexis' hair yanking her head back awkwardly. Alexis let out a cry of pain as Jensen pulled against his chains and Taran growled.

'I know!' Diana shouted looking at the silent man cruelly, She took a breathe and smoothed her cloak, her change in demeanour dramatic. 

'Take her now my love.' 

Taran threw Alexis over his shoulder at the command, with expertise and finesse he strode from the room. Alexis bounced and bobbed as she looked to Jensen silently, her expression pleading for help as she struggled against the silent warrior.

Jensen struggled against an unseen pull against the flaking wall. His chest heaving and dusty. He let out a shout as the door closed, dividing and separating them. He shouted at cursed as deep in his chest them being parted felt wrong, his instincts telling him to fight and reclaim.

***

As Taran weaved through a variety of corridors, Alex's arms scraped against a number of walls, her head finally hitting a wooden door frame as Taran finally kicked open a door suddenly and set her inside at the end of their bumpy expedition. 

The buzzing in her ears made her feel dizzy as she looked dazed around the second room as unfamiliar to her as the first had been in as many days. Taran pushed her slightly and pointed, with a grunt, to a a luxury sofa located near a roaring and spitting log fire. 

Next to the sofa was a high back chair, the sides so wide that all Alex could see where a pair of trousered crossed legs and a purple glass cane being rolled between a large hand which displayed a uniquely designed gold ring. Before she could zone in on it, or contemplate making an escape attempt a voice spoke. 

'Good morning Miss Martinez, I wouldn't advise it. Taran is very fast, please.' The ringed hand gestured to the sofa. 

Alexis cautiously stepped forward and perched on the edge of the sofa as close to the door as she could. The man in the chair chuckled. 

'You being all the way over there will never do.' he continued to chuckle. 

Alexis watched the cane in his hand lift until it was pointed at her, in a whoosh of movement it glowed bright and Alexis felt herself lifted and moved forward, now nestled in the lap of her captor. 

He captured her hands in his free one and dragged her forward to face him. Alexis gasped at the handsome face highlighted in the fire light, she struggled as his grip intensified. Something about him seemed so familiar.

'Now now little one' his face inched forward until his nose ran along her neck and jaw. Alexis shuddered as his tongue licked her neck and swirled around in a pattern. He groaned as Alex stiffened, he shifted underneath her as if uncomfortable.

She whimpered as something sharp scraped her neck. 'My name is Alistair.' 

The fiend whispered in her ear.

'and you Alexis are going to help me find something.'

He groaned again loudly and struck, before Alexis could struggle further, Alistair bit her hard and deep before reluctantly sending her body and mind to sleep.