 'Time to wake up ssssleepy head.' 

Alexis shot upward against the protest of her body. Her head weighed heavy, her vision was blurry. She felt uncoordinated, trying to move her limbs was like dragging dead weigh. As she struggled to sit up higher, she felt herself being poked in the arm for the second time. Turning, she meet the gaze of Diana, clad in skin tight red leather and a what looked to be a diamond choker, its rainbow sparkle bright to the eye. 

'Massster wantsss to have dinner.' Diana stood, scrapping up a piece of fabric from an embellished chair and throwing it in Alexis' direction. It was only then Alexis took in her surroundings. She remembered meeting the vampire, but then things seemed hazy. 

The room she was in was so ordinary a total contrast to last night's location. The bed was dressed in simple linens, the rooms painted a neutral colour with pieces of abstract art and random bursts of colour. Much like her room at home. She rubbed her temples. Clearing her throat she turned back to the faerie. 'What time is it?'

'Dinner time ssstupid, you ssslept a long time. Master asssked me to check on you.'

'Alistair?'

Diana nodded and stood, the squeak of her outfit evident. 'Put on clothesss, Bathroom that way.'

Diana pointed over her shoulder to the closed door in the corner of the room. She moved towards the other door in the room and knocked three times in quick succession. 

Alexis heard the lock move and the door creak open. It looked heavy and old school solid. No busting out of that one. Taran was on the other side. Diana smirked and exited in front of the big man as the door closed once more, the sliding and click of the lock booming though the space. 

Alexis picked up the garment at the base of the bed and dragged herself upwards. Clutching the soft navy blue material to her chest, she carefully moved to the bathroom. She needed to scope around and find the layout of this place, so she'd play along with things...for a while. 

As the light flicked on in the small space the image looking back was dim. Alexis shakily touched her own face with tentative fingers, letting the material in her hand slip through her hand. She looked so different. She felt aged. Her skin was pale, marred with old dirt and dried blood on one side. Heavy dark bags under her eyes along with several bruises along her upper arms. The red puckered injury on the right of her neck was clearly the worst and most recent. Its swollen appearance looked angry. 

'THAT BASTARD.' She told no one in particular. He'd bitten her! She looked down at the remains of the cocktail dress she wore. It looked like she felt, torn and battered. 

She remembered the loving care she'd taken only weeks before in choosing the gown, dressing in the gown and now it was nothing more than rags. As she fingered the torn hem, she remembered Jensen and dressing his injuries and waking in his arms. Safe. 

Shaking her head, she spun around in the small space, observing the items ascrew on the counters and the shower stall. Her favourite shampoo, body wash and a few other niceties. 

'This is weird' She murmured, 'How would he know?' As abruptly as that thought came into her head. The answer was blatantly obvious. Dominic. He'd know these things. Comfort in a prison, how ironic.

The light knock on the bathroom door had Alexis spinning round to face her entrance route.

'Alexis?' The smooth voice of her captor emanated through the wood. To avoid answering him or something worse, Alex flicked the flimsy lock on the door and bent into the shower cubicle turning on the water. She quickly undressed and stepped under.

As the water pounded on her sore skin her palms began to tingle, she felt her power rising. Could she take on a vampire?

'I doubt it, but if you wish to try, maybe we'll both be surprised.' Alistair was leant against the door jam as Alex looked round. His outline was marred slightly by the steam. His arms and legs were crossed as he propped himself up dressed in an elegant pinstripe suite.

Bastard, Bastard, Bastard. The only thought that passed through her mind. She carefully switched off the water refusing to feel intimated by him, He's taken from her without permission and kept her captive. The time of being unsure was over, she need to get out of here. She turned to Alistair unashamed and completely naked. She held out her hand. 'Towel?'

Alistair simply raised an eyebrow, 'No please?'

'You can have a fuck you for free.' She smiled tightly and stepped from the cubicle, snatching the towel he taken from a rack on the wall behind him. She roughly rubbed at her hair, flinching when she nudged the sore on her neck. 

She could feel his eyes on her, watching her. As she bent and rubbed her legs, she heard him suck in a breath. The action repulsed her but she continued, trying to remain unaffected. He watched every action, until she was fully dressed in the item she'd been given. The colour was beautiful, but the cut was not her usual taste, as much as she had when she was just naked in front of Alistair she felt on display. She pulled at the v neck which plunged to her waist. 

'You look wonderful.' She met Alistair's gaze in the mirror. His smug smile made her nauseous. 

'Come' he motioned to the door, 'You need to eat and we have much to discuss.'

*..................*

Paul came awake with a start, he felt cold, Inside and out. As he frantically scanned his own room, he gaze locked onto his father, who stood at the door with a tray in his arms. 

As he stepped into the room, setting the tray on the bedside table George touched Paul's forehead, no doubt reading his body's functions. A clever skill he'd learned from Karl. 

'How are you feeling?'

'About as weak as a kitten and about as much use' Paul rubbed his forehead. 

'Drink this and take these.' George handed his son a glass of water and two white capsules. 

'So...' Paul said around his glass, 'You want to know what I saw.'

George nodded.

Paul closed his eyes and took a breathe, sitting a little higher on the bed. 'It was dark, like a cave, solid ways, stale air.' Paul took another drink, 'Something was pulling at me, draining me magically, strong, sort of compelling.'

'Did you see Alexis? Or anyone else?' George sat on the bed side. 

'A little.'

George nodded.

Paul frowned, 'you know where she is, don't you?' 

'No' George answered with a deep sigh, 'but I know who she is with. What you felt was probably a magically null, it drains a prisoner, captive, visitor. Depending on where you place the stones,'

'Stones?' Paul inquired.

'The white quartzes, they can absorb and store a lot of energy, residual or otherwise.' 

Paul nodded, 'draining energy would make a wizard more perceptive to influences but serious this old school shi-' Paul caught himself at his father look. 'The old magic s have fallen out of favour dad.'

'Which is exactly why they can be undetected and easily used, especially by certain super naturals.'

'I just thought maybe who ever it was wanted money.' Paul drained the remains of his glass.

George frowned, 'the master wants much more than that.'

*............................*

Alex fumbled with her dress as she sat in the high backed chair to the elegant and long, very long oak dinning table. The room was decorated in art works that looked like they belonged in some catholic church. Beautiful, intricate but in some places horrifically detailed. 

Alistair was swirling his drink in a crystal cut glass, watching her. Taran and Diana sat opposite making what could only be described as love stick noises and faces at one another. Diana was feeding her lover pieces of raw meat, Alex gagged and looked down at her own plate. While the design was stark white with a delicate gold trim, the food on it looked Michelin star. A piece of lamb sat upon a dew of sorts complimented with vegetables.

'Are you not hungry?' Alex lifted her eyes, she felt tired and drained, she closed her eyes.

As she opened them Alistair was in front of her face, 'Alexis?'

'I can't ...b-breathe.' Alexis spasmed suddenly in the chair, bowing her body into a crescent moon shape. She cried out as her glare reached the ceiling, the pictures upon it were moving, no they were coming to life. The cherubs and demons were moving closer. Grabbing. Reaching for her.

'M-make them stop.' Alex began with a sob. Alistair grabbed her wrists holding her to the chair as she thrashed beneath his hands. He looked to Taran who was wide eyed. 

'Fetch me the wizard!' Alistair bellowed. As Diana moved closer, Alexis hissed. 'Stay back.'

Alistair was baffled, a few moments ago the girl had seemed perfectly well. He frowned, perhaps that was a little untrue. She had been unwilling to enter this room and had been made to by force. 

The inner doors flew open as Taran pushed the handcuffed wizard into the room. He huffed as he landed on his knees wincing. Taran dragged him further into the space, placing him close to Alistair and Alex. As he landed, Alex screamed loud and piercing. Her dress ripped and three long scratch marks appeared on her chest, she screamed louder as blood flowed. The healing bit mark on her neck was awakened and it too bled. 

Alistair stared frantic around he room, seeing nothing, hearing nothing, feeling nothing. His fangs elongated at the scent. 'Help Her' He told the wizard. 

Dominic lent forward, he stuttered and spluttered as Alexis cried out in agony. 

'What is she seeing?' Alistair asked.

'I-I don't know' Dominic wailed slumping to floor expecting a blow. Alistair growled, he turned to Taran, fetch me my mage.'

*.......*

Jensen was straining against the chains again, he'd been completing this exercise since the master little visit. He'd felt the cold iron bend with his strength. This had been a rare opportunity, when the master usually visited he reinforced his magically null but this time he hadn't. For the first time in a few years Jensen felt stronger. 

He pulled and the link in the wall popped apart, his arm flopped to his side, immediately flowed by pins and needles pains shooting through his skin. 'Success!' He laughed, actually laughed and it felt...good. 

As he basked in his triumph, he heard a scream. A female's scream. Footsteps.

'Alexis' he murmured.

Taran appeared above the stairs, He descended swiftly, simply unlocking the Mage's one remaining cuffed arm. He placed two bracelets on the Mage before he motioned with his hand, beckoning the Mage to follow. Jensen was again overcome by a weakening. He glanced at the bracelets, Iron. 

'What has he done Taran? What has he done to Alexis?' Jensen's heart pounded, she had to be well. Needed to be that way. In the midst of confusion that thought surprised him.

They weaved a way through tunnels and passageways, a scream echoed again followed by a wail. The air became dense and Jensen drew a long breath. Something was in the air, something living and not very happy. Taran stopped suddenly and Jensen bumped into him. The passed through an arch way and the room illuminated in front of them in a shimmer. 

The scene displayed before him was damn right scary. The master was restrained a pale and bleeding Alexis by force as she thrashed and wailed under his administrations. A young man sat to the side wide eyed and clearly in shock, Diana clad in well something looked dazed and confused.

Alistair's head snapped up and round, locking on Jensen. 'At Last' he hissed behind fangs. 

Jensen took over without a thought, She was in pain and he needed to make it stop. He looked to Alistair, 'I need these off' he motioned to the cuffs. 

Taran unlocked the obstruction after a hastened nod from his master. 

As Jensen came forward Alexis let out a sound more like a howl. Her chest was bleeding, her wounds were deep. The blood was seeping through the thin material of her dress. She looked to Jensen her beautiful eyes and face full of pain, 'It hurts' she sobbed.

'Thats the first thing she has said in the last ten minutes that I could understand.' Alistair inched forward.

'Stay back' Jensen held back his arm. He perched in front the girl as her body spasmed and bent awkwardly. 'Alexis, what can you see?'

She cried out again and dug her nails into his arm, just with that contact the air around them changed, it became dense, thick, lacking in something but full of something else. Like he was seeing through her eyes, Jensen watched the figures and art on the ceilings come to life, their murmurs and protests, hate, vengeance, sorrow all spilling down upon him like a fog. They all wanted something, needed something and it seemed Alexis was the unanimous choice to help. 

Jensen acted quickly, he took her hands and spoke quietly, 'Why this room Alistair?' 

'Is a dining room idiot.' was the response.

'did you force her into here?'

No response.

'DID YOU?' 

'Yes.'

Jensen started to chant his face impassive, his eyes began to glow a green of spring time grass, the words archaic and full of power. 

'what issss he doing?' Diana hissed.

'Calling the magic of the earth to aid him.' Alistair watched in awe and envy as the room flooded with the scent of clear air. Alexis body finally stopped thrashing, her movements more sporadic. Jensen pulled her from the chair into his arms rocking her gently as she mumbled, her warm blood coating his chest. He continued to chant quietly, stroking her face and hair. 

Alexis felt the warmth of someone surrounding her, holding her lightly. She felt like she was flying, then suddenly she was. In a clear blue sky overlooking miles and miles of rich green fields, no borders, no fences. A male scent filled the air. Jensen. She felt him but could see him. She smiled and let the feeling of floating sooth her.

*............*