 Chapter 5 - A Discovery

Liz expected another man among the anxious lurkers outside to quickly take the last one's place but it had gotten strangely quiet. She wanted to leave, just run away, but after the commotion she had just engaged in with her last donor, there would probably be a mob of them out there, and if she could tap just one more man she would not have to come back for a whole two months. Her movie finished and she reluctantly fed in another bill. Right after she did, she heard the sharp sound of high heels boldly stepping into the booth next door. The steps paced around the small room as if surmising its implications then the cube's door latched close, its lights went out and its movie started playing. Liz glanced over at the hole. She deduced that it had to be that strange French woman over there, 'What could she possibly want?' Then, in the dim light she could see some long slender object protruding in from the hole. It apparently was not the French woman after all. She rose up from her chair and walked over to the glory hole, reaching out in front of her with Charm to address the new suitor. 

As she swept Charm through the darkness she encountered something moist, slick, and soft to the touch. She reached for it with her hand but before she could touch it, it sprang to life, wrapped itself around Charm several times and then tugged her toward the wall. Liz was startled beyond belief. It was so soft, so smooth, so intricately deft and dexterous and yet so familiar. Whatever it was it had completely entwined itself with Charm and was undulating itself over her tender, sensitive flesh in the most delightful way, crowding out Liz' ability to reason with such sweet caresses. She surrendered to it and pressed her body flat against the wall, she just wanted more of whatever it was doing to her. She responded to it by returning its caresses in like manner. 

A small sliver of reason beckoned her to investigate this wonderful being. Amid the frenzied delight Charm's tip traced the root of the tentacle to its source. She came across a band of some lacey material and then over the top of that a dense nest of course hair. Following the wet, ensnaring rope of flesh over the elastic band of panties and through the tangle of hair, she discovered loose flaps of skin. 'Those are labia and at the top... a clitoris.' Then what protruded just below from this woman's vagina was... 'A JHARUM!!' 

The shock nearly made her faint. On the other side of this thin wall was another like herself. Liz was not alone in the world! This new encounter suddenly took on whole new grand dimensions. She was now enjoying discovery and rapture with the most precious creature in the world, a woman just like herself. She pressed her hips flat against the wall, kissing it like a sweet lover, as she made love to this other woman through the hole.

In the darkness, through a rough-hewn opening the two members wrestled, coiled, twisted and undulated over each other. Liz was in heaven and laughing with delight. An orgasm passed through her without warning. She was so deep in her pleasure she barely noticed it. Her overwhelmed senses were blocking her awareness. For Liz it was more intense and constant pleasure than anything she had ever experienced, more nerve soothing than opium and yet more nerve wracking than a whole-body tickle. She rested her head against the wall to steady herself against the consuming dizziness. Through the wall she could hear a soft, low, raspy voice murmuring unintelligible words and enraptured moans. Liz tried to focus on this, her partner on the other side of that wall, the being she just must know, have, and keep forever. 

In that dark, cramped space between the couple, where their carnal limbs twisted and wrangled in slippery passion, the two pointed tips found each other. Liz opened her maw to embrace the other and in mutual intent her counterpart did the same. The two tangled tails pressed together in an audible kiss. Sucking tightly together they tensed and became very still. Liz heard her lover whimper a feint "Mai oui... O, ouais." through the wall. She felt the other woman's yawning tip narrow and close. She knew what was coming and she welcomed it in breathless eagerness. 

Her accomplice's jharum dove into hers, slowly but with deliberate force. It was ecstasy for Liz, it pushed and turned as it followed its way through Charm's articulated inner passage. Liz had very little to do but untie her self from her partner's tail and let it delve into her depths. Deeper and deeper it went until it had entered Liz's length all the way up to her pussy lips and a soft, wet rope of flesh joined the two women at their sexes. Liz was beside herself with joy. She held within Charm a member more physically satisfying than any penis she had ever taken and an opportunity to take in more of it opened before her. 

To allow it further access to her she would have to consume the portion of it within her partner's vagina. She slipped Charm's lips within her partner's labia and then slid into her snug canal. She heard through the wall passion filled entreaties and grateful squeals. It was the first time Liz had ever felt another woman's cunt and she familiarized herself with the intricate textures and contours as Charm continued to swallow. Her lover was reaching depths within Charm hitherto untouched and washing over Liz higher levels of ecstasy with each inch. Orgasm was becoming an almost constant state for her and it hinted at something even greater. 

Liz's breathing was becoming labored, she opened her mouth and tilted back her head to ease her struggle. Her vision was fogging and she was becoming so dizzy she would have lost her feet if she weren't leaning against the wall. Liz had worked her Charm over the entire length of the other. She occupied the length of the woman's vagina and Charm's lips were nuzzling over her cervix, in a light suckling kiss. Within Charm she felt the other on the brink of broaching beyond her cervix and entering the utter mystery that lay within Charm's roots. Through the wall in a low sultry murmur she heard the first clearly discernable English her partner had yet spoken, "Yes... yes, my sweet... open... let me in."

The instant she felt the delicate tip pass beyond her cervix and within Charm's source, a storm crashed in upon her. Liz was transported beyond physical bliss and into a realm of absolute delight that transcended conscious thought. Her body disappeared and all sensory perception turned inward; toward her mind itself. Her experience was that of her own awareness split and replicated into an entire army; all feeling and sharing in pleasure like that of a virgin's first climax. She seemed to be falling in to a yawning chasm of alternate reality. She cast off her physical being and surrendered her mind to total rapture. For how long; she did not know.

----

Liz's next clear thought found her sprawled out on the floor of her booth. Her head was spinning, her limbs twitched and jerked uncontrollably, her thoughts were confused and disjointed, and her throat felt scratchy as though she had been screaming. Her ceiling light was on and she could hear someone pounding on her door. She sat up slowly and tried to piece together what had happened. Through a gray fog she realized her skirt was up and her tender treasures exposed. Looking down she saw Charm lying over her thigh, swollen and trembling. In a reflexive move, she awkwardly pulled her skirt over it. Through the ringing in her ears she heard voices, one loud, angry voice and one soft, anxious whisper. She looked up again and saw a hand waving frantically at her from a hole in the wall. She focused her mind on the words coming at her. 

"Hey! You hear me? What the fuck you doin' in there? I want you out of here! I'm callin' the cops!" boomed a loud, masculine voice from outside the door.

Somehow, through the noise of his shouts and banging she heard a whisper with a thick accent, "Cherie. Cherie. Are you alright? Speak to me! Let me help you!"

With much difficulty she lifted her arm and reached for the hand from the hole. The hand clasped hers and she heard the voice say "Bien!" The hand released hers and withdrew through the wall. She heard a door open. Then she heard a woman's laughter.  

Liz' awareness was slowly returning. She knew where she was and she started to reassemble her last concrete awareness. In the midst of it all the towering realization that she had found another like herself captured her attention. She must not let this woman get away! Still not rational enough to formulate a plan of action, Liz pulled herself to her knees and peered into the hole. 'She's gone! ... Must find her!' screamed her desperate and confused mind. She heard the woman's laughter countered by a loud, threatening male voice. The woman's voice was the focus of all her hopes and longings, she was determined above all else to reach this woman and cling to her with all her might. She struggled to her feet and it was almost all she could do just to remain standing. She reached for the door, unlatched it and pulled. It would not budge! She could still hear the laughter and the angry voice, "You crazy bitch! I'm kickin' your ass outa here!" 

Liz was on the verge of tears. She was locked in this cubicle while her partner, her soul-mate, her key to the mysteries of her own life was just inches away and facing violent ejection. Liz tugged frantically at the door and then remembered the wedge she had jammed under it. She kicked at it, all the time fearing her new friend would be taken away before she could find her. Liz finally got it loose and pulled open the door. She spilled out into the hallway and immediately her knees buckled and she collapsed to the floor.

There in front of her that same French woman was leaning against the doorway and laughing hysterically. Over her loomed the store attendant shaking his fist and screaming every act of violence and legal action he could command. Liz' only concern was laying hold of that priceless woman and staying with her no matter what happened. In her still not-quite-lucid mind she sought to latch on to her and reached up toward the woman. 

The instant her hand came in view the burly attendant grabbed her by the wrist, "You're not goin' anywhere," he growled! "I shoulda called the cops on you a long time ago!" Liz nearly melted in frustration and dire dread. 

The French woman's face flashed from merriment to rage the second Liz' wrist was seized. She reached her hand into her coat and pulled out a revolver. In a furious instant, she swung the gun toward the attendant's head. There was a flash and a loud bang as the shot whizzed over the man's shoulder and into the wall behind him. "Let go of her, son of a bitch," yelled the now enraged woman in a heavy accent!

The attendant was paralyzed in fear. He let go of Liz' arm almost convulsively. Eyes wide and mouth open he sank back against the wall. 

While breaking back out into her laugh, Liz' liberator grabbed her hand and pulled her up to her feet. The woman tore off in a trot dragging Liz behind. Out of the arcade they ran, Liz' knees were wobbly and it was hard to keep her feet. Helplessly weak, Charm bounced painfully off her thighs as she ran. 

Store patrons were already beating a hasty retreat when the yelling started, when the shot rang out they all practically dove for the door. Liz and her companion ran right through them. The woman was still laughing as though this whole situation was just a circus of fools. They burst through the door and scattered more patrons on their way to their cars. Liz couldn't help herself, she started laughing too. Partly at the silliness of scurrying men and partly out of a sense of happiness at securing this priceless new friend and the wonder opening up before her, Liz laughed herself breathless. 

When they reached the woman's car, she opened the door and pushed Liz in. She got in right behind, started the car, and backed out. They nearly hit two more men on the way. The woman threw the car in gear, floored it, and they tore off onto the highway in a cloud of dust and flying gravel. Down the road they flew, still laughing as they watched behind for any pursuers. A half mile down the road the woman slammed on the brakes and turned sharply into an abandoned farmyard next to a brightly lit truck stop. She slid into the yard and stopped between two overgrown shrubs then shut off the engine and turned to face Liz.

Looking into each other's eyes they slowly stopped laughing and the gravity of their discovery settled upon them. The two women caught their breath, it got real quiet, and the entire universe shrank down to just the two of them. After a time the woman lifted the front of her skirt to show herself. There, still protruding over the waistband of her skimpy panties, curled up in a ball between her legs, was a moistly glistening, crimson rope of flesh very familiar to Liz. She made no effort to stop the woman as she lifted Liz' skirt and tenderly scooped up the still bloated and quivering Charm in her hand. "You have the tail... like mine, yes?" she said in a low raspy voice. Liz was dumb-stricken. She could not articulate the marvel before her. Was it real? 

She still held the woman's coat sleeve clutched tightly in her fist. Releasing it, she lifted her hand to the woman's cheek. With her other hand she reached for the writhing organ on the woman's lap. The woman took her hand and guided it to Liz' quest. When she touched it, the tip lifted and wrapped around her thumb as one of the coils pushed its way across her palm. Liz recognized the sensation; it was real, she was real, it had all actually happened. In the vastness of the world, there was another being like her and against impossible odds they had found each other. Before Liz sat a woman who had shared all of her lonely longings and lost wanderings. A tear rolled slowly down her cheek. The woman pulled Liz' stocking cap off and then pressed Liz' hand to her lips and kissed it. "My name is Fantine," she said. "I have searched for you... eighty years." 

Liz threw her arms around Fantine, pulled her tight and both women started crying. They cried out all of their pent up fear and lonely misery until their overwhelmed emotions had all been spent. In the vacuum of their empty isolation, they held each other. Meanwhile, both women found the strength to pull in their overwrought treasures back into safe seclusion. In that stillness, their minds came to ponder the miraculous luck in their meeting. It was Liz who finally broke the silence. "How did you find me?"

"It was not an easy thing," said Fantine, incredulously. She drew back to look into Liz' eyes. "I knew a man in Venice who say my kiss, it remind him of someone. I know what this means and I must find that someone. I follow clues. Ooo, Tres difficile. You leave very few clues. For eighty years I search and I chase. Some times... real close I get, and then, ...un mystère, you disappear again. I find you visit the very old grave in England. I go there and wait. You came, and voila, I follow you here."

Liz could remember that man in Venice, a good friend until he got too close. She could almost recall his face. So many men; so long ago. But her mind refocused on her present company, the most wondrous find of her long, lonely life. "You must come with me. Stay with me. Be mine forever. We belong together. Oh please, Fantine. Don't you see that," Liz pleaded? For the first time in centuries, she did not feel lost and alone. Fantine was her rescuer and she would cling to her like life itself.

"Non, ma patite," soothed Fantine with a hopeful smile. "You must come with me. Come to my island, my love. You will live like a queen. Safe, happy, and many of the young men, yes? They give us what we need, freely, not through the hole in wall... Oh, so crazy."

At that moment, a bright light of hope burst before Liz like she had never known. A chance for a care-free life with nothing to hide and no past to run away from nor next move to plot. A life with a companion, someone just like her, who knew all of her hardships and secrets and who could live unlimited years with her. A special intimate friend who could reach depths of gratification like she had never known possible. "Yes! Oh please, yes!" she exclaimed, anxious to start that new life right now. "Please take me with you. Let's go now. I'll stay with you forever!" Liz threw her arms around Fantine's neck and hugged her tight, so glad she was to leave her fears behind for good.

Fantine gently patted Liz's arm, assuredly. She pulled back and said, "Elizabeth, my sister, you must be calm, patient. You run, you make the people... suspecting. You must disappear like always. You tell them a story, eh? And then we run the other way. Un mystère, yes? All very simple. No one follows."

Liz knew immediately she was right. She owed it to Fantine to keep her refuge safe and not draw attention to it. Besides, if Fantine could find her, then so could anyone else. This time her escape must be perfect.

"We have time, you and I," Fantine added. "We get to your car and you go home. Tomorrow we plan."

"Come home with me," Liz pleaded. She picked up Fantine's hand and kissed it. "Please don't leave me."

"No," Fantine assured her. She kissed Liz and hugged her. "I will not leave you." In the moments that followed Fantine held her tight as though fighting off her own fear and sadness. Liz almost thought she heard Fantine sob once. "We go to a safe place now. We rest and we plan." Fantine drew back and smiled reassuringly at Liz. She turned away and started the car. 

Liz stayed close to Fantine's side as Fantine turned her car onto the road and drove back to the bookstore. She laid her head on Fantine's shoulder. She had not relied on any one since so long ago with Kate. She felt relieved to set aside her vigilance in deference to another's guidance and control. She wondered, 'So strong, determined and wise, how old could she be?' 

When they got to the abandoned motel, Fantine pulled in behind Liz' car and then turned around toward the exit. Liz started to get out of the car but Fantine stopped her. "Wait here. I look first," she said. She got out of the car and pulled the revolver from her coat pocket. With the gun held behind her, Fantine crept slowly around Liz' car and then stepped in front of it to look about the bookstore lot. The whole area was deserted. The patrons had all left and the operator had apparently shut down for the night without summoning the police. Fantine motioned for Liz to come and stood sentry while Liz darted to her car. 

Once both in their cars, Liz pulled out of the lot and led Fantine to her apartment building. She was very careful not lose her though she was certain Fantine had already discovered where she lived quite some time ago. She was anxious to bring her newfound friend safely home. Fantine saw Liz home but did not park her car. Liz went to her to invite her to stay.

"Soupçon," replied Fantine. "No one should see you with strangers before you disappear. You know this. I will meet you in the morning."

"Oh please, stay with me," pleaded Liz. "I've been so lonely for so long. Only you could understand."

The desperation of Liz' appeal softened Fantine's resolve. She smiled and nodded her head. After parking her car she joined Liz at the elevator and they rode up to Liz' floor.

It was dear of Fantine to show such concern for Liz' welfare but there really was no call to worry so. Liz knew there were no parties nearby who were close enough to her to have any curiosity about who came or went. 

Liz lead Fantine into her apartment and turned on the light. "Well, this is my home," she said as she held out her arms in a presentational gesture. "Can I get... can I offer you something... to drink," she asked? "Coffee? Tea?" She felt awkward. She had never entertained a guest in her own home before. Fantine felt to her like a strange visitor and at the same time a familiar friend.
