 George circled the vampire before him with an eagerness he hadn't felt in years. He clenched and unclenched his fists as he surveyed his opponent with a technical eye. He heard the loud laugh from Karl as his friend took on the remaining party of vampires. His growl and the sound of breaking bone was enough to get George's blood pumping. 

He struck with a definite aim, hitting his attacker in quick concession to the face. The sound of his teeth smacking into his jaw was enough to spur George on. He attacked the mid riff, the kidneys. His attacker was slower than he expected. George suspected he was newly turned, his eye were still the blood red with rage as he attempted to defend himself. George pre-empted his moves with ease, after years of reading and learning defence against super naturals in his teens he surprised himself that the skills had never left him.

Karl let out a booming laugh as he squashed the vampires arm in his hand. The sound of crunching bone was so satisfying. He threw the vampire towards the tree ahead and watched with a smirk as he bowed in two as his spine cracked against the bark, the limp body of the vampire curling around the tree like a blanket. The creature dropped to the floor and let out an anguishing cry. 

Karl almost missed the third of the party, this one was a sneaky bastard, He'd stood to the shadows of the woodland watching Karl and George with an increased intensity. He stepped forward and kicked his companion with the tip of his boot. Karl observed with a mild interest. It was then he noticed what the tip of the boot was made from. The sliver shone in the morning light like a beacon. 

He stood around the same height as Karl his hair the colour of night sky, black with a simmer of blue. His eyes black like the night, he was old but not so old that his eyes had not yet reverted back to the human colour that occurred with the older vampires. He pulled a pair of leather gloves from his pocket and methodically pulled them onto each hand. Karl glanced at George who appeared to be handling his own and returned his attention to the remaining vampire. 

'I like the creatures I kill to know my name.' He spoke with a smooth intensity that made the hairs on the back of Karl's neck raise in warning. He could feel the wolf pace in his mind. The need to feel the cool porcelain skin between his teeth and tear at flesh was almost unbearable. Karl took a deep breath and watched him pull each finger into the gloves with procession. The vampire smelled of herbs and surprisingly the sea. He had travelled far for Alistair. Karl flexed his arms and rolled his shoulders. 

With the gloves in place, an elegant twist of the body took off the vampire's coat in a whoosh of action so practised it looked perfected. The vampire wore a vest and leather waist coat that clung to his body like a second skin, along his pale arm where intricate design in a tribal tribute. He bowed to Karl and stood with a smirk. 

'I am Malek, now wolf we dance.'

Karl heard a cry of pain as he started the dance with the vampire. He heard George grunt in frustration and a splatter of blood on his arm. From the smell of it, it did not belong to his friend. He looked to the vampire Malek and so it began. 

Karl struck and was rebuffed as the vampire gracefully danced away. Karl repeated this move over and over going for the heart to lure the vampire into the false sense of brawn over brains. The vampire fell into the trap easily, laughter and landing taps to Karl's back and kidneys. Karl let out a grunt as a roundhouse kick hit his arm and the sliver brushed against his skin. The sliver didn't affect his skin but something about this vampire suggested he used it to hunt his own. 

Karl lunged and hit his opponent in the face, sending his head snapping back with a crunch, his nose clearly broken as blood trickled from the wound. Malek stuck out his tongue and licked the excess from his upper lip.

'Very good wolf.' He smiled.

'I try my best' Karl answered as he stuck again going for the vampires legs in a sweeping gesture. This move was anticipated as the vampire leap onto Karls back and sank his fangs into his shoulder. Karl let out a shout and flung the vampire off, taking with him a chunk of his shoulder.

'I do love fast food.' Malek smiled with blood stained teeth. 

'You better enjoy that, it'll be the last of my blood you taste this day.' Karl could feel his eyes shifting, the wolf raising to the surface in protection mode. His skin felt tight and he could feel the growl reverberating in his throat.

Malek fell into a low crouch awaiting the attack. Only Karl didn't move. He stood his eyes fixed on his target and he let his spiritual body flow over him in a rush of heat. He could have changed, let the physical side of the wolf bound forward and let all hell break loose but after this was over he needed his mind sharp and as much energy as he could muster. 

The light surrounding Karl always amazed George. It was very rarely Karl called upon his Alpha side in a fight to gain control. The men who worked for him followed him with loyalty earned in the field but this side of himself was normally reserved for pack business. The mists of blue and green surrounded his friend and bathed the area in an unearthly glow. 

The vampire Makel stood in awe and so Karl struck. He moved with a superhuman speed as the illusion of himself in the mist created the distraction. He lifted Makel with the ease of a wolf pup and bent him in half, pulling an inhuman cry from the vampire's mouth and the sound of things popping the wrong way. 

Karl threw the man into the air and his face contorted into the face of the wolf, he caught the vampire around the ribs and sank his teeth deep, ragging the vampire's body from side to side like a dogs chew toy. The blood flowing into his mouth tasted old and clinical like it had come from a blood bank not a donor. Karl paused and dropped the vampire to the floor. His hand shifted into a claw as the vampire before him gurgled on the blood filling his mouth. 

He bent and clasped his claw around Makel's neck, lifting the vampire from the floor. He spoke around his muzzled more wolf than man.

'You don't feed from the vain do you?' Karl asked in a growl.

'It...It is not...what I...was taught.' Makel gasped around the blood filling his mouth and the air leaving his lungs. 

'I don't know why you are working for the parasite Alistair, but I will offer you a reprieve if you swear loyalty to me.'

Makel wiggled and Karl closed his claws further, drawing droplets of blood from the pale skin of his neck. 'What...do I get...in return?' Makel questioned in spurts. 

'You Life.' Karl's response was given with a finality, 'We need to get into the castle ahead. Get us in and I will let you leave. Let it be know if you betray me, I will pass your scent to every pack within a thousand miles.' Karl smiled revealing large incisors 'And rest assured Oakland pack's contacts spread far and wide.' 

'I cannot...' Makel gasped, 'Blood sworn to...the Master.'

'So be it.' Karl released his hold. Before Makel's feet could touch the grass beneath them, Karl grabbed his head savagely and snapped his neck. The sound of it echoing through the woodland around them. As his lifeless body fell to the floor, Karl met George's eyes. 

'I could have used him, trained him to our ways.' Karl said as he wiped his arm on the vampire's coat. 

George walked towards him and grasped his shoulder. 'His life would not have been his own my friend, he was linked to Alistair. Only death or Alistair's agreement would have broken the bond and I doubt Alistair would have let him walk away, he had skills.' 

George lifted Claudia from the floor, she didn't struggle or protest just excepted the fact. Her eyes were firmly planted on Karl as he heaped the bodies together and pulled the lighter from his pocket. He said a silent prayer and lit the vampire's jacket. It ignited quickly, Karl turned and began following George towards the castle ahead.

**

Jensen stood in the shower letting the hot water wash away the confines of the train and the smell of too many people in one place. He heard the bathroom door open and close quickly and turned his head slightly as Alex opened the shower door and stepped inside. She rubbed her hands up his chest and placed her head against his back. They stood there together for a few moments as the water cascaded down on them both. 

Jensen took the soap and passed it to Alex, she started to wash and he watched intently. Washing himself with the miniature shower gel the hotel provided. Too distracted, he stopped and watched the rise and fall of her chest. The way her arms flexed as she lathered each arm. She bent over and washed each leg with the same methodical approach. Jensen ran his hand down her arched back. He felt the slightest kiss on his thigh as she signalled she was straightening up. 

'Hi' she smiled and kissed his chin. 

'Hi beautiful.' He touched her cheek and ran a hand over her wet hair. 'Where's Claude?'

'Having tea and scones with the landlady

, quite the ladies man your uncle.'

Alex lathered up her hands and ran them over Jensen's chest and down circling his belly button with his finger. She repeated the lathering and ran her hands across his back while remaining against his front. Jensen sighed with contentment as her breasts pressed against his chest. She playfully rubbed his arse cheeks and slapped each one in turn. Jensen felt himself hardening against her leg and smiled down at her. 

'You are playing with fire little one.' He chuckled as she stuck out her lip and gave him puppy dog eyes. He enjoyed the feeling, the feeling of loving her. The playfulness with no real purpose other than to make him smile or make him burn. 

'I want to...here.' Alex smoothed her hand over the tiles of the shower stall. 

'A little cold against the tiles beautiful.' He moved from side to side, slowly rubbing himself against her. 

'You keep me warm though won't you?'

Alex asked with a smile, pushing her hands between them. Jensen gasped at the cool sensation of her hand against his cock. The cool of the tile lingered on her flesh. 

He cursed and tensed as she teased him, slowly stroking and then swirling her hand around the head of his cock. He bucked and had to catch himself otherwise it would be over too soon. 

Alex stood on her tip tops and spoke into his ear as the water continued to hit his lower back. 'If you let go, I'll let you return the favour.' 

She moved back and continued to tease him. Her second hand now joined the first to manipulate his balls as she played. 

'Alex, I'd return the favour anyway.' He watched her and bucked in her hand, she squeezed him slightly and he felt the urge to release subside. She started her torture again, this time she bent and added her tongue to the action. Jensen cried out and slapped his hand against the tile. Every time he

felt the need raising, Alex predicted and slowed her actions.

'Alex!' Jensen groaned in frustration, 'baby please....'

Alex was enjoying the game, a tactic she has practised with Karl during their brief but intense sexual experiences. She loved the feel of a male in her mouth and the control that it had, she made him breathless, unable to think only to feel what she was doing. She'd pushed him to his limit and now she was ready to end this and feel the satisfaction of knowing he'd been pleased by her, with her mouth. 

She opened her mouth and took him inside in a movement so sudden, Jensen cursed and circled his hand into a fist, smacking it against the wall. The splashes of the shower water against her leg was beginning to cool. She added a hand to his balls and squeezed gently. Jensen bucked and placed a hand on her head. She started a lazy suction motion and as Jensen tensed she increased the motion. 

Jensen was in heaven, the feel of her mouth was warm, welcoming and he couldn't control his release, He bucked faster towards her mouth and gripped her hair. He tensed and threw back his head, straining, the need for release running through his body. He came hard and shouted loud.

Alex slowly removed her mouth from Jensen's member and slowly licked around and down, slowly coming to a stance before him and placing a gentle kiss on his pectoral. 

Jensen slowly opened his eyes to the smiling beauty before him. There was something so earthly and natural about her, He loved her. He cupped her face and bent to kiss her slowly, lazily as if they has all the time in the world, exploring her mouth and slowly pulling back. 

'I love you' he whispered against her ear, he pulled back to look at her, to make sure she'd heard.

Alex laughed, 'I don't think you're the first man to say that after a blow job Jensen.'

She reached around him and turned off the shower. As she turned to exit he gently gripped her arm, glancing at the remaining marks of burns he'd inflicted. 

She looked at him and smiled, touching his cheek. 

'I mean it Alex, I love you.'

'Jensen...' Alex frowned.

'I know we discussed that this isn't an ideal situation but I need you to know how I feel, I can't help it.'

They stepped out of the shower together and Alex handed him a towel as she wrapped herself up in the crispy white Jensen watched her quietly. Alex stared up at him slowly, her eye filled with tears.

'I want to be completely honest with you Jensen. I loved someone once and he didn't want what I wanted. I tired to be with someone else but it was never the same, it never felt...so I felt...' She laughed nervously, 'I'm not saying this right.' she rubbed her forehead.

Jensen took her hand and kissed each finger before kissing her palm. 'You don't need to tell me anything. If that stupid wolf couldn't see what was in front of him than that is his loss and that sad excuse of my man that dropped you at my feet, well I'm sure Alistair has provided him with some torture by now.'

'I'm so in love with you Jensen.' Alex spoke as if she hadn't heard him, the admission took his breathe away, she looked down and whispered, 'just don't hurt me.'

Jensen lifted her chin with his finger, 'I can't promise life will be easy, but when this is done, I'll give you all I have for however long we have.'

Jensen pulled her too him and held her closely, the smell of her filled his nose as the steam from the shower faded he felt the goosebumps form her shoulders.

'Come on' he tugged at her hand.

'Where are we going?' Alex tottered after him looking adorable in her towel. Jensen looked back at her and smiled. He flipped the lock in the door and removed his towel before grabbing her and dropping her on the bed. As Alex giggled with excitement and anticipation, as Jensen peeled the towel from her and nibbled and licked at her skin.

'Now lets see about returning the favour.' 

**

'What do you want Paul?' Karl stopped dead and turned to face the younger Martinez as George slowed and dropped Claudia to the floor. Both men stood staring at the woodland that rustled ahead of them.

Paul stepped through the trees, Diana firmly gripping his hand. 'I came to help.' 

'I'll bet you did.' Karl scoffed, 'and you bought a toy?'

'Karl' George gripped his upper arm, 'Give him a chance to speak.'

'Fine.' Karl shook the hold and stepped back to let his friend take the lead, he scanned the trees surrounding them and took a deep breathe. The air smelt clean, uninhibited. 

They stood together no more than a few feet apart as they waited for someone to break the silence. Karl observed the woman with Paul, features in her face familiar to the photos they had surveyed. That is where he'd seen her before.

'You where at the ball.' The comment was made at a statement and directed towards Diana, who nodded nervously towards the wolf. He could smell fear and anxiety coming off her in waves. The wolf liked it, he paced and growled. Karl spoke to him quietly flooding him with images of their friend Alex. The wolf whined and lay down, content to let the scene before them play out if it meant that she would return. The smell of Alex's perfume flooded his nose, this was how the wolf recognised her as a friend not a foe. 

'Diana is going to help us.' Paul answered quietly. 

'I don't see you helping us with anything at the moment, maybe you'd like to explain why you had your sister kidnapped? Why you are working for Alistair? Why I should give you a chance to explain anything? Maybe I should strip you of your powers right now.' George stepped forward and raised his hand. 

The threat of it had Paul on his defensive he stuttered his reply. 'I..I...I'm sorry.'

'Sorry?' George could feel the warm energy swimming around in his veins the power raising within him. His eyes where changing of their own accord. Karl watched the teal of the sea overshadowing the normal chocolate brown. 'I think we're a little bit beyond that, don't you?' George dropped his hand and started to pace. 

'Your connection with Alistair? Explain it.' The undertone of command didn't go unnoticed. Karl kept his eyes locked onto the couple before him. 

'We met about six months ago, I was out...' Paul stopped suddenly.

'Doing things you think I don't know about Paul?' George gave an almost sadistic laugh, 'Don't be naive into think I haven't got eyes and ears everywhere in this county. That word and rumour don't get back to my ears.'

'Then why do I need to explain myself? After all you know everything don't you?' Karl had never seen George move so fast. He moved in a blur of magic, gripping Paul around the neck and lifting him on his feet. Karl was surprised the old man had it in him. 

'Do not mock me boy.' George spat out venomously in Paul's face. Diana whimpered on the floor, dropped there by the force of movement between father and son. Magic and power buzzed round them.

'Alistair offered me the chance to be move than I am, to be powerful!' Paul gasped between breathes.

'Really? If you think that is all this was ever about you more stupid than I thought, I more inclined to believe that this little production is a way to get revenge on me and your mother, you and Alex are just collateral damage.' George dropped him to his feet and stepped back, scratching at his wrist. 

'What has mother got to do with anything?' Paul asked confused, rubbing his throat to soothe the burning sensation. 

'Maybe you'd like to fill in the blanks...demon.' George turned to Diana, his expressing daring her to

to say no. 

'The massster wasss involved with Marianne before your father.' Diana spoke quietly, 'they were originally betrothed.'

'I'm sure your master has failed to mention the many reasons why Marianne and I left him. Alistair's views on things can be very narrow minded and warped to his own imagination.' George rubbed his wrist again, rolling up the sleeves of his shirt and clearly exposing the mark on his inner arm. Paul's eyes widened as he noticed the mark, he'd never in his life noticed it before.

'Initially I too may have been as naive as you are now, in fact I know I was. Confined and constricted by the rules of the council's magic, at first we were just young rebels, young fools. I believed what Alistair spouted about reverting back to the old ways, to gain power as and when we saw fit. The problem is Alistair takes everything literally and to his own personal gain. That I learned later. His actions became erratic and no one knew where they stood or how safe they where.'

George stopped and ran his hands through his hair in frustration. 'I loved your mother for a long time before we left together. I love her still. I will never apologise for how we felt about each other and how we walked away from Alistair. Marianne's safety and her life was my number one priority.'

Paul moved forward, 'I was wrong, to get Alex involved in this, fuck! To get involved in this myself. I wanted to make you think more of me. I was jealous of Alex I couldn't think!, Alistair was so convincing. His words were like velvet, so understandable, so reasonable and logical. He made it seem like Alex was the root cause of the problems, get her out of the way and you'd just step aside, let me-'
