 Maya paced back and forth in the tent. She hadn't stopped moving since Faye had been taken. The torrent of anxiety she felt at her friend's absence, imagining all the horrible things that were being done to her, prevented her from resting. She bounced back and forth from imagining her friend's fate to worrying about her sister, about Daniel, never resting long enough on any one thing. She existed in a state of perpetual panic. Abby had the exact opposite reaction of course. As soon as Faye had been taken Abby had gone to her knees, clasped her hands, and begun praying silently. Maya would have loved to have Abby to vent to but would never take her sister's prayers from her.

She stopped her pacing as the tent flap opened and the orc woman appeared. One of the big orcs followed her in, carrying Faye in its arms.

Maya's heart went to her throat, "Faye! Oh my god!"

The orc woman ignored her and directed the big orc to place Faye on the pile of cushions that served as her bed. Faye sprawled bonelessly on the cushions, remaining still and breathing softly.

Maya went to kneel beside her friend, checking her pulse. It was slow and steady. She noticed Faye had bathed. Or been bathed. Her hair had a nice floral scent. Maya got a chill when she realized Faye was wearing new clothes. She was dressed like the orc women now. The implications of that, and thinking about how they had gotten Faye's dress off of her, pushed her into a panic.

Maya started shaking her, "Faye, Faye!" She tried to keep her voice controlled, but she could hear the panic seeping in.

Faye stirred and scrunched her face in irritation. Her voice was a slurred murmur, "Maya, leave me alone. M'tired."

"What did they do to you? Are you okay?" Asked Maya.

"M'fine," Said Faye. She rolled over, turned her back to Maya and curled up into a fetal position. Her hands clasped on her stomach

Angrily Maya whirled on the orc woman, "What did you do to her?!"

The orc woman actually rolled her eyes, "Me? I didn't do anything. She'll be fine. She just needs to sleep. I wouldn't bother her if I were you. It wouldn't be good for her."

"Tell me what's..."

The orc women cut her off. "No. I'm not telling you anything. I'm not speaking you. You're not worth speaking to. I'm doing my duty to the sept and not one bit more. If you you want answers you can ask your little friend tomorrow."

The orc woman gave her a flat look, "You should get some sleep too. I haven't decided which of you to take next."

With that the woman left without giving Maya a chance to respond. Maya rushed to the opening of the tent.

"Maya stop!" Said Abby.

Maya turned and saw her sister kneeling by Faye, "Stop. They're not going to talk to us. And Faye's here! She's alive! Did you think we'd see her again?"

Maya was quiet for a moment, "No."

"But she's here," Said Abby, "They brought her back to us and she's alright."

"She won't wake up!"

"I know but she's just tired. I'm tired. Whatever they have planned for us we'll find out tomorrow. Right now we should just be thankful we're together."

Maya felt her eyes start to burn, "Gods what are we going to do?"

Her sister came over and hugged her, "We'll figure it out, but you've run yourself ragged. You haven't stopped moving since we left town. You need to rest. What comes, comes, but we know now we'll face it together. That's what matters."

Maya pushed down her fears and tried to relax in her sister's arms. For the first time since she got Daniel's letter she let herself feel how tired she was. Her legs ached from walking and her head felt stuffed with wool, "Alright, alright. I'm so sorry. For everything."

"You have nothing to be sorry for," Said Abby, "You've done so much for all of us. I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you."

"Sure you would, they would have captured us even if we stayed," Said Maya. She said it so bitterly she could taste it.

"Or they might have killed us," Said Abby, "But that's not what I meant."

Maya knew what Abby meant. Maya had nursed Abby every day as she fought her illness, had kept her fed and sheltered when their father died.

"It's not enough," Said Maya.

"It is, Maya. It is," Said Abby.

She let her sister take her hand and guide her to one of the pillow beds.

"Now rest," Said Abby, "Everything's going to be okay."

"You really believe that?" Asked Maya.

"I do. I have Faith."

Maya wished she could have what her sister did, but she drew on a portion on it, gathered some of her strength. "Alright," she blew out a violent breath, "alright. goodnight sis."

"Goodnight."

Maya settled into her pillow bed and turned to face Faye. Despite Maya's promise to rest she watched Faye sleep for a while. Faye was mostly still, sleeping soundly, but occasionally she'd toss or turn, or give a little grunt. It almost sounded like she was kissing someone, or being kissed. At one point Faye made a low, closed mouth moan and ran her hands over her body. Maya felt her face heat a little. She kept her eyes on her friend as she slowly drifted off to sleep.

...

Maya stretched and opened her eyes, staring at the unfamiliar ceiling if the tent, and pushed down a thrill of fear at the reminder of where she was. Abby had managed to calm her down last night and stop her from getting herself killed but she had to stay strong. She heard a yawn to the side of her and looked to see Faye stirring too. Maya looked past Faye and saw Abby was still dead asleep. Sometimes she forgot how frail Abby could be. Maya made her way slowly to Faye, staying quiet so as not to wake Abby. As Maya moved towards Faye her friend stretched and Maya saw her new dress go taut over her belly. Maya felt a moment of confusion. Faye had never been slender but it seemed like there was more of her now.

Then Faye turned and saw Maya and her wonderful smile broke out, "Maya?"

Maya reached her and threw her arms around her, "Faye, oh thank god."

Maya knew she was squeezing Faye too hard but was grateful her friend didn't complain. After a moment they broke the hug, and Maya reluctantly pulled back.

"Are you okay?" Asked Maya.

Faye nodded eagerly, "Yes! Yes I'm fine," Then she froze the smile slid off her face. She licked her lips nervously and her hand went to her stomach, "I'm fine," She sounded a lot less certain.

"Faye, what happened? What did they...?"

"Please," Said Faye, "I know I have to tell you, but I can't talk about it yet. I just can't. There was so much and it was... please, I need some time."

Maya opened her mouth to demand answers but Faye gave her those wide eyes and that hangdog look she always used to get her way. Maya pushed down her fear and irritation. Faye had obviously been through a lot, and Maya couldn't add to it. No matter how badly she needed to know.

So instead Maya smiled reassuringly, "Of course. Soon though."

Faye gave her a grateful look, "Of course, soon."

The she winced. Maya heard Faye's stomach rumble and saw her she shift uncomfortably.

"Maybe after we eat?" Asked Faye, "I'm starving."

Maya was momentarily thrown by the change of topic, but then she felt her own stomach complaining, "Oh. They didn't leave us anything but... I guess I can ask?"

Starting a conversation with an orc was not her idea of a good time, but they needed to eat. Faye gave her a skeptical look, which did nothing to bolster her courage, but she stood, straightened her shoulders, and walked to the tent's opening.

There were two orc guards there, same as always. Maya couldn't tell if they had changed from last night, "Can we have some food, please?"

They stared down at her. Their eyes were small for their faces and were surprisingly calm and gentle. There wasn't any understanding in them though.

Maya tried again, "Food?" she asked, miming putting something in her mouth and chewing.

One of the orcs eyes widened and he nodded. He had a rather goofy grin on his face. Then the orc turned and trundled off. Maya watched him go, realizing with only one guard this would be a good opportunity to escape, but she couldn't leave her sister. She started after the orc for a minute, trying to think of a plan, until the other put his hand on her shoulder, gently but firmly, and shook his head with a regretful look. Maya walked back into the tent.

Maya spent a few awkward minutes talking to Faye. Faye's silence about the night before was a vast, oppressive presence between them, but Maya couldn't bring herself to ask again and ruin this moment with her friend. The only thing she could think to talk about was Faye's new blouse and skirt. The blouse was sturdy white fiber they weren't familiar with. It seemed like a cross between cotton and wool but wasn't actually either. It was plain white but had a few simple versions of the whorls and spirals that decorated the orc woman's dress. They were a simpler than the orc woman's and in only two colors, blue and yellow. The patterns continued onto the brown skirt, cleverly designed so that it was one continuous pattern. What they pointedly did not talk about was where the clothes had come from, or what had happened to Faye's dress. Maya admired the stitching, telling Faye it was well done, and Faye noded.

"Glenn said he wanted to put his colors on me," Said Faye, "I guess they need to look good."

"Glenn?" Asked Maya, keeping her voice carefully neutral.

Faye gave her a quick glance, and she looked down and blushed a little, "He's their leader, I think. He..."

Before Maya could get any more out of her, the flap to the tent opened and the orc woman entered again. Behind her came two of the big orcs carrying trays of food. Maya started salivating as the smell hit her. Breads and meats were piled on the platters. There were sausages and hot cakes and thick cut bacon. Faye reacted even more strongly. She looked like she was going to snatch the tray out of the orc's hands and tear it apart.

The woman gestured and the orcs set the trays on their low table. Without another word Faye went to the table and started shoving food in her mouth. Maya went over to Abby and shook her gently.

"Abby, Abby wake up."

Abby's eyes opened instantly, "Are they here for you?" She sounded desperate and panicked.

Maya cringed inwardly at the fear in Abby's voice. Her sister was more scared than she was letting on, "No, they're not. They brought food. Come get breakfast."

Abby's worry vanished behind a smile, "Oh that sounds good," She inhaled deeply, "I haven't had a real meal in so long."

Maya nodded. It had only been a few days since they had fled their town, but it felt like a lifetime ago and they had not had much to eat in that lifetime. Abby followed her to the table where they joined Faye, who was still busy devouring everything in front of her. Faye didn't even look up as the two of them joined her.

Maya and Abby ate slowly and steadily. Maya knew it would help her avoid an upset stomach after so long without a big meal and her sister had always been a dainty eater. Faye had no such restraint. She tore into the food with reckless abandon, finishing a whole tray by herself. Maya knew she should be able to eat more, but when she was stressed it completely ruined her appetite and Abby was never able to eat much at once. Between them they only ate a portion of the other platter. When Faye finished her plate she moved onto the one they had been eating from without pause. Maya watched her friend with growing unease. Faye had always enjoyed food but there was something unnatural about her single minded focus.

"Faye, if you eat to much at once you're going to make yourself sick," Said Maya. She was careful to keep her unease out of her voice.

Faye paused midway through eating a sausage, "Right. Sorry, I'm just hungry,"

Faye pushed the rest of the platter away. Reluctantly. Then she closed her eyes and gave a contented sigh. Then Faye's head tilted back a little, she closed her eyes, her eyebrows rose in surprise, and she gave a long, low "MMMmmm" of satisfaction. Something about the sound and motion made Maya blush.

Maya saw Abby eying Faye carefully too. Her sharp eyes steady and incisive. Maya's unease grew a little more.

"What is wrong with you?" Asked Maya.

Faye's eyes opened gave her an embarrassed glance, blushing a little, "Nothing! I feel great," she let out a sharp, short breath, "It's good to be full, you know?"

Then Faye raised her arms in the air and did a full body stretch. As she did, the blouse went taught over her body. And Maya saw her friend's belly again. It was definitely bigger than it had been earlier. Even the huge meal Faye had wouldn't have accounted for it. Maya swore she saw it grow a little while she watched, her belly swelling outward just enough to be noticeable

Without another word Maya moved toward her friend and pressed her hand to her stomach.

"Maya get off." Said Faye. There was panic in her voice.

The swell was even more obvious at the touch of her hand. Then Maya felt Faye's stomach move. It felt like a tiny kick. Maya thought she might have imagined it but Faye made a small noise at the exact same moment.

"Oh my god are you pregnant?" Shock and fear made Maya's voice a rough whisper.

Faye nodded and looked down.

"Is it Darren's?"

Faye's eyes didn't leave the table, "No its Glenn's."

"Glenn? Who...?" Then she remembered, "Gods Faye that's impossible."

"He said... he said it was magic,"

The implications of what Faye was saying started to sink in, and what it meant for Abby, "Gods gods gods. We have to do something."

"It's alright," said Faye. With barely a whisper.

"What?" Asked Maya. She was sure she had heard wrong.

"I'm alright," said Faye, loudly and more firmly. Faye looked up. She had a small smile.

Maya imagined one of those monstrous beasts outside holding her friend down. Bigger than them. If it was the leader. Holding Faye down and tearing the dress off of her and... "How? How can it be alright? They forced you and they..."

"No! No he didn't! I don't think he did," Faye sounded uncertain.

"How can you not know?!" Maya tried not to yell. Tried to hold her anger back, but Faye was acting so crazy it was hard to stay calm.

"Glenn...He's not like the others," Said Faye, "He's handsome and... and he's so smart. He talked to me and he actually listened and then... he was gentle. He made me feel..." Faye rubbed her arms together, trailing across her distended belly, "I've never felt anything like it. I was only with Darren a few times before he went to war, and this was so, so much better. I came. That's what Glenn called it. Did Daniel ever do that to you?"

"What kind of question is that?!" Maya was totally thrown, stumbling over a sudden swelling of embarrassment.

Daniel had been an attentive lover and Maya always thought they were both very passionate in bed, so she usually came. She never talked about it though. Not with anyone. Even thinking about what Daniel made her feel in bed brought up a welter of loss and desire, and then anger that Faye would make her think about what she had lost.

Maya glanced at her sister, who was staring at Faye with eyes wide and blushing. Among all the thoughts whirling in her head, she had a flash of anger that Faye would talk about this in front of Abby. She was too innocent for this kind of talk.

"Well I'd never done it before," said Faye, "I didn't even know I could. And god, I still feel so. So..." Faye ran her hands through her hair, "Its like these little ripples are moving through me. They happen every couple of minutes and... god its like his hands are on me all over again." Faye had a dreamy smile on her face.

"This is sorcery. That monster put some sort of spell on you," Said Maya. That was the only explanation for how Faye was acting.

Faye shrugged, "Maybe. Glenn said he did a spell. I didn't really understand what he was saying. But even if that's true. I don't feel like I'm under a spell. In my heart I want him. I want to be with him."

"But you love Darren," said Maya, "You have to remember what real love is," Maya couldn't believe Faye would just kick the love of her life to the curb. She had to try and get Faye to snap out of this and remember what she had in Darren.

"I do. I did," Said Faye. She didn't sound very sure, "But I haven't seen him in months and he's probably dead and..." Faye made a gesture. Like she was throwing away a handkerchief, "...all that's over. Darren's gone and home is gone and we're here now. There's no going back for me. Not after..." She gestured at her stomach and shrugged, "I need to make the best of it. Glenn said he'd give me a life. And I want that. I want a life, Maya."

Maya stared at Faye, shock making her numb. Faye and Darren's courtship has been beautiful to watch. Seeing them walk together in the evenings, learning to love each other, had been a delight. Maya was the only one Faye had told they were going to elope together, and she had been so excited for her. Now Faye was just throwing it away. It had to be a spell. In a way it was even worse than if Glenn had just forced her. He had stolen Faye's will. Made her think her captivity was a blessing.

Then the tent flap opened again and the orc woman returned with another two orcs with platters of food. She gestured to the table and they went to switch them out. These were full of breads, fruit and cheeses.

"More for when you get hungry again," she said to Faye, "Eat as much as you like. It will go straight to the whelps."

Then the woman turned to Abby, "I need you to come with me."

Abby, who had watched Faye and Maya's exchange silently with wide shocked eyes, straightened at the woman's words.

Maya slowly stood. She felt strangely calm, "No."

The orc woman took her eyes off Abby and glared at Maya, "No?" She asked quietly

"You're not taking her," Maya said it like it was obvious. She was just stating a fact, "I'm not letting you take my sister to get raped by some monster."

The orc woman's face went olive with fury. She fixed Maya with a burning glare, "You shut your mouth! I won't tolerate any disrespect towards my savay. I humored you when you demanded your sister join you. As if you had any right to make demands. But you've reached the end of my good graces. If she stays here with you she has to earn her place. You all do. If you cause any more trouble I swear I'll put her back with the other rejects and you'll never see each other again."

She orc women took a step toward Maya. Before she just sounded angry, but now her voice went quiet and dangerously calm, "And if you insult our chief one more time I swear to all the gods there are I'll put you in the shit pits until your body breaks and feed what's left to the mushrooms."

Maya was floating in an ocean of rage. Her head felt light with it. She made her way slowly towards the orc woman, ignoring the larger orcs that growled warningly, "I. Am not. Going to. Let you..."

"Let? That's it. I'm..."

Then Abby appeared in front of Maya and threw her arms around her.

"Sis, stop," Said Abby. Her voice was a whisper. It flowed over Maya's anger like a cool bucket of water.

"Stop. Please," continued Abby, "You've done enough."

Maya crushed her sister to her chest. She felt the air whiff out of Abby but she couldn't loosen her grip, "I won't let them do this to you."

Abby pulled back from the hug and touched her face, "I need you to be here. After."

Abby's calm strength in the face of this horror broke Maya's heart. Tears started leaking out of Maya, "I love you, sis."

Abby smiled her beautiful smile, "I love you too."

Abby started to push her away. She used barely any force at first but gradually she increased the pressure. Maya didn't know what made her let go, but after a moment her arms loosened and her sister stepped away.
