 "Anthropology professors such as myself, should never end up like this. Even now I can scarcely believe my fate. I realize the odds of anyone ever finding this voice recorder, or the odds of it surviving the millennium are infinitesimal, I had to give a full accounting of my self. If some future archaeologist finds this recording, please make it clear that I my intentions were all good ones."

My name is Emily Conners, until recently I was a professor of anthropology at Aaron Burr University. I was proud of my career, making full professor before I was thirty as a result of my very hard work and original research. I enjoyed being tenured so early. It was not only a stride for woman's rights and abilities it also gave me access to many handsome graduate students and Teaching Assistants. I was always discreet but I did have a type. They had to be tall and dark, beards were a plus, as was strength, but in the end their mind had to hold mine. There had to be shared interests beyond a simple roll in the hay.

Many men were attracted to me. I'm 1.7 Meters tall and I always keep my weight in the neighborhood of 49.89 Kilograms. My long Blonde hair, slim physique, long legs, blue eyes and flat tummy have opened a lot of doors for me. In fact one of my first academic scholarships came as the result of winning a beauty contest! Hey, I am not above using the system to my advantage when it suits me. I delight in the fact that I look a decade or so younger than the calendar claims I am. It is fun sleeping with younger guys. My libido had never gotten me in trouble before. 

The fact that I had not selected properly resulted in my being stranded here. My latest infatuation had been Gerald "Jerry" Taft. Tall, strong, dark and well equipped. That he had a girlfriend was not even a speed bump to me. We had a very hot, very intense, and unfortunately very indiscreet relationship. Lydia Jenkins, his steady girlfriend was not one to allow trespass magnanimously. I had to call security after she stormed into my office one day angry as a drenched house cat. She called me every name in the book and threatened my everyway to Sunday. I was not even going to dignify her rant with an apology. After our confrontation in my office, she seemed to settle down. Jerry and I continued on the down low, our profile almost, but not quite, invisible.,

Most of my work was on early man so when time travel became an affordable option I leaped at the chance to see history with all the doubt and guess work removed. Sometimes I took grad students along, but traveling solo was cheaper, albeit, more dangerous. I had been visiting ancient France and had been studying a small village of Cro-Magnons for about a year. I had been able to crack their language to the point where, back at the lab, I could say short phrases in it. The dominant male was named Tabor, his second in command Arvin. They were both tall and ruggedly handsome. 

Cave life was not quite what I had envisioned. The men wore loincloths that had been tanned after a fashion. They wore fur shoes filled with straw and waistcoats made in the same manner as the loincloths. About their neck were necklaces of carved stone or carved bone, often mixed with claws from bears and tusks from boars. Tabor wore a headdress fashioned from a bear's head on ceremonial occasions. They possessed the bow and arrow, stone spears, stone axes and knives.

The women wore considerably less. A simple fur piece, looking something like the bottom of a modern bathing suit, was their only garment. About their necks they wore necklaces made from shells, stones and coral. The women were topless for ease of nursing and movement. There seemed to be a pecking order among the females. The oldest bossed the youngest. The prettier ones bossed the plainer ones. Every female of child bearing age slept with Tabor at least twice a week. Tabor distributed the women he was not currently making use of to his men based upon an early point system. Capture some large game and you go the most desirable of females. If a man did not pull his weight he slept alone. After the men returned home, the older women took charge of the children so that lovemaking would be undisturbed. 

My studies would be priceless. I found that the single observer approach worked best. Like Jane Goodall I would observe my tribe over time. Unlike her, however, I could never risk being seen by my subjects. Negative impact on the future was a constant danger. For that very reason I was unarmed. I shuddered to think what would happen to me if I were to be captured by these cave men. Still my research had the potential to reap me rewards unheard of. Perhaps the chair of the department before I turned forty. That was the goal foremost on my mind.

This trip to ancient France had begun like so many others. I mounted the time pad in the lab. I dressed appropriately for the warm weather. In my pack rations for the day, my voice recorder and tablet computer and camera. It promised to be just another day of absorbing the cave culture, making insights and taking careful notes. The time pad deposited me exactly where I needed to be, just before sunset, Southwestern France near Lascaux cavern. I stepped off the time pad and began walking the third of the kilometer to my small Cro Magnon village when I heard derisive female laughter. I turned to see a hologram of Lydia Jenkins materialize in the time pad and announced, 

"This is what you get for messing with my man, Bitch!"

With that came the sound of a siren. I was cursing under my breath as I ran at top speed. Before I could make it back to the time pad, I saw it levitate and vanish. It had returned to the lab without me! Lydia Jenkins could not have gotten a better revenge had she had me publicly tarred and feathered. Worse the siren sound was meant to alert the cave dwellers. Cursing my stupidity and my libido, I searched for a place to hide myself.

Because the ground was fairly open there were few places to hide. I spied one of the hunters, Taruk, come charging over the hill. He spotted me and alerted the others. My heart thumping I fled in the direction of the woods Even in my hiking boots, I was no match for the athletic and lean cave men. The fact that they thoroughly knew the territory, meant that for me, once I was spied, escape was impossible. Even though it was risky I took a moment to hide my voice recorded and my tablet computer and phone in the hollow of a tree as I fled past it. If ever I could return to this point, I could recover my data and research. Panting heavily I heard the cave men rapidly closing the ground .Almost immediately, I was captured.

Surrounded by spears points there was nowhere to go and nothing to do but throw up my hands. Tears welled up in my eyes. Fear of my future and pain from the loss of my past. Tabor balled his hand into a fist and slammed me in my solar plexus. Gasping for air I fell to the ground in the circle of Clovis points. While I struggled to regain my breath, my hands were roughly tied behind my back. I was forced to my feet and marched or rather dragged into the village of Cro Magnons.

The trek to the village was not long. My arrival set of a tizzy of activity. Everyone from the superannuated crones to the tiny tots strove for a view. I was led before the fire circle just beyond the mouth of the cave. I understood enough of the simple lingo to understand that Tabor was telling the assembled ears that he had captured a gift from the gods. I think he next praised my beauty but the for certain the words after that were to the effect that I was a gift meant to be shared!" 

My Backpack was cut from my back, the contents spilling over the hard ground. The gentle Cro-Magnons were bewildered by the contents. They quickly deduced what was food however and my granola bars and fig newtons met with the approval of all. Tabor had a full bar and several cookies everything else was broken into small pieces. The village only numbed about twenty adults, even so, everyone was able to have at least a sliver. My spare clothing was collected in a tiny mound. Arvin found my flashlight and figured out how to make it work by accident. His look of utter delight would not be matched for thousands of years until Edison demonstrated the incandescent bulb.

Once Arvin's demonstration had lost its novelty Tabor carefully gathered up the rest of my belongings. He pawed through my spare clothing and a look I did not like in the least crossed his face. The intent of the next order barked at me could not be misinterpreted. The rough cord restraining my wrists was cut but my freedom was never a possibility. The spear points leaned in for emphasis and I sighed heavily and began to take off my clothes. 

In a non threatening manner I slowly bent and unlaced my hiking boots. My white socks emerged into the Paleolithic twilight. Soon they were on the ground next to my boots. I stood and felt the tears on my cheeks as I pulled the tee shirt off my torso and over my head. The first brassier any humans had ever seen brought curious stares. I tried to ignore the hot glances of the men as I unfastened my belt and opened my khaki shorts. My panties were pink and one of my favorites. I still miss them. Reaching carefully behind my back I unclasped my bra. For as long as possible I held the white garment to my flesh before it finally fluttered to the ground. Biting my lower lip I began to withdraw my panties.

Tabor's eyes focused lustily on the expanse of my golden pubic hair. I could almost hear the gears clicking in his skull as he appraised me. I removed the string holding my ponytail and shook out my hair. That action brought many appreciative exclamations from the armed men surrounding me.

Never have I felt so small and vulnerable. For an intense moment or two I envisioned throwing myself upon on of the spears aimed at me, but despite everything I wanted the live. Life meant a chance, however slim it be, to return home. Once more my hands rose above my head. The spears parted just enough for Tabor to enter the circle and examine me. 

My only hope was cooperation. If I could be accepted into the tribe, I could perhaps survive long enough for a rescue team to locate me. Tabor ran his hands through my hair, felt my breasts, Had me open my mouth. Then he stuck a rather large and unlubricated finer into my pussy and up my asshole. Lastly he pressed his nose into the blonde curls of my groin and inhaled deeply. I succeeded in holding it together. 

On Tabor's instruction I was marched about two meters to the left. Tabor then began tossing my clothing and back pack into the communal fire. With a big stick her stirred up a large flame and I watched as everything that identified me as a citizen of twenty second century earth became so many ashes. Tabor asked me my name, He shortened "Emily" to "Em." He made a rude gesture which could not have been misinterpreted, gathering up a spear, he began leading me to his cave.

I knew full well what would happen next and what would be expected of me. In truth, however, I was not entirely sure what to do. While the Cro-Magnons occasionally made love out in the open away from the cave, most of that was furtive trysts that occurred without the approval of Tabor. I knew crying was useless, so I tried to keep focused. Abstractly I thought, that, if I survived I would be the first woman to record the breeding habits of our primitive ancestors.

As we entered Tabor's cave we encountered a pretty petite, brunette female. She shot me a withering look and peevishly stomped out of the cave upon Tabor's word. I was thrown onto the soft flooring of furs. I noted with disgust that lice were visibly squirming on every surface. With dread, I realized that my sanitized and antiseptic twenty second century life was at at end. From my position on the ground I gazed up a Tabor. He already had his waistcoat off and was unfastening the cord holding up his loincloth. The Cro-Magnons were not overly hairy, in most respects they were as modern as Homo Sapiens Sapiens, only with less technology and niceties like reality television. The waning sunlight illuminated the cave, the darkness of another epoch would soon descend with only flame to light it. Candles, lamps, lanterns, diodes were ten thousand years away. Before that darkness fell I had to act.

Tabor was naked now, stroking his massive cock, in anticipation. If I was going to be violated it would be on my own terms. I rose up on my knees, ignored his filth and began to preform the best fellatio of my life. Tabor seemed surprised and then delighted as I set to work. I could spy the body lice and crabs darting between his pubic hairs. As I tried to put my current unpleasantness out of my mind. I contemplated what I would do to Lydia Jenkins, when and if I was ever returned to my own timeline. The delightful scenarios of revenge steadied my mind, I was genuinely surprised when Tabor grunted as he came. I did not get my mouth fast enough and his caveman spunk coated my chin and breasts. Tabor said, "Good, good." and wrapped himself about me. 

Now in total darkness, Tabor kissed me all over. I could not see him him I certainly smelled and felt him and heard him. He barked instructions at me and I tried to follow. He mounted me from behind twice and ended the night with missionary. I've bedded horny freshmen who did not have have the recuperative powers of Tabor. Let me be clear that in no sense of the word was I "in the mood" but there was something so simplistic and earnest about Tabor's efforts that I was able to fully relax. I can't really take umbrage at a caveman for being a caveman. I was a female, I was meant to be mated with, and that is just what he did. It was not enjoyable but it was tolerable. He did not use violence and did ask as nicely as his Paleolithic conscious would allow. I fully knew the risks when I began my observations. I thought of Diane Fosse and realized I could have ended up in far worse condition that first night.

At last I heard him snoring next to me. What could I do? The darkness was so total I was essentially blind. Even if I did make it out of Tabor's cave, I could never hope to avoid the sentries and other denizens of the cave. And even if I did escape the caves, I was naked and unarmed in a world of hostile animals, saber tooth tigers and mammoths, bears and lions, most of whom hunted by moonlight. Sore everywhere, my flesh crawling in ways I never thought possible, the events of the day finally caught up with me and I slept.

I woke in the morning the the sensation of someone kicking me in the ribs. I opened my eyes to see the peeved little brunette scowling at me. She threw a female garment at my feet and shot me a look that could kill. I had gone from one triangle to another, humanity is so simple that sometimes its comical. Tabor reentered the cave, just as I slid on the fur bottoms. They were surprisingly comfortable.

Before I had a chance to object, Tabor had me on the ground. I felt a tightness around my neck. Tabor helped me to my feet and I discovered that I had been placed in a leather collar! A rawhide cord was then attached to the leather ring around my neck as Tabor smiled. Obviously, he understood that I would run at the first opportunity. I was led out into the sunlight. I was tied to a rock near where the women were gathered. 

One of the women gave me a simple breakfast of eggs and meat with some roots and greens. It looked hideous, it tasted divine. While I ate, Tabor gathered his warriors about him. I could tell that the first part of his conversation was a blow by blow recitation of my performance. Arvin's leer was most odious as he stared at me as Tabor extolled my charms.

The warriors all lined up, Arvin first, Tabor last, I gazed up at each one dumbstruck as each stroked my head a few times before they followed Tabor off to find game. Two teenagers, too young to hunt patrolled the front of the cave system with spears. At regular intervals they waved their weapons at me. I was able to puzzle out that the gentle strokes from the warriors was to impart luck. A hunch confirmed by one of the women, she had said something to the effect of "What makes her so special?"

My leash was rather long and I could walk a bit about the cave. However if my hands made a move towards the knot that held me fast, an old woman smashed my fingers with a wooden spoon. Once was enough for me to learn my lesson.

The women were wary of me at first. The petite brunette aptly demonstrated that she was never going to warm to me. They tried to give me various tasks to perform. Very quickly they were frustrated with my lack of domestic skills. They liked that I was good at braiding hair, but could not comprehend that I did not also help myself to the lice and other vermin in the hair and dine on the little beasties as they did. I was also thoroughly inspected by the oldest woman and the one considered the most beautiful. She was nearly as tall as myself and had lovely red hair and very long legs that I, quite frankly admired. I had to remove my fur pants and let them feel me up any way they wanted. Satisfied that I was all women they allowed me to redress and set me to the simple task of removing fur from animal skins with a sharpened stone.

I watched as the women went about their day the mothers donned slings to carry their infants so the baby could nurse as they went about their tasks of the day.. The children had minor duties but spent most of their day in play. Girls on the cusp of womanhood were instructed in home economics. A small foraging party, and one of the teenage boys went off on an expedition seeking fruits, vegetables and edible greens. The young guard left behind spent quite a bit of his time ogling me. I sensed that the tribe would soon have to do something about his raging hormones. 

One corner of the cave was for waste elimination. My cord extended just enough for me to relieve myself. The solids were dried and mixed with fuel in the fire. A pile of dried leaves was left on hand for wiping purposes. Despite my best intentions by the end of the day I was filthy. Lice had already claimed my hair and my privates. I doubted if I would ever be clean again. One of the women noted my vermin problem, took pity on me and groomed me. Her skilled fingers dislodged most of the lice from my hair, and she showed me a tool used to dislodge the insects out of my pubic hair. She offered me a handful of dead pests. Not knowing what else to do, I choked them down. I have tasted far worse. 

After several hours the female foraging party came home loaded with fruit and veggies. Several hours after that, a dusk was falling, the men returned carrying the carcass of a dead deer. I had never been that close to a slaughtered animal before. The children stopped their play to observe the butchering of the beautiful creature. All of the men were happy but Arvin seemed especially happy. Partly through the conversations I hard and partly through context, I concluded that Arvin had struck the blow that actually killed the beast. That meant that he could have his pick of the women tonight.

The petite brunette and the tall redhead practically strutted in front of him but Arvin's eyes intently bore through my flesh. I had no doubt as the where I would be spending the night. Was this my fate, to be a trophy traded around as the prize in a low rent bowling league? And what if, after I slept with every man they tired of me? Would they train me for domestic duties? Perhaps they would calculate how much food and effort was expended in keeping me alive, conclude that my expenditures did not meet my upkeep and they would kill me or abandon me in the forest. But for today at least I had brought luck to the hunters. So long as I was young looking and compliant in bed I would have a home. I recalled the archaic beauty pageants I had entered as a much younger woman. Sometimes the experience made me feel like a piece of meat, but not even the worst of those times compared with now. Those judges were looking for a sly, and possibly double entendre filled answer they could leer and chuckle over They always saw me as a woman first, even the dirty old men. These judges saw my entire value beginning and ending at my groin. A sudden thought entered my mind. My birth control inoculation would lapse into ineffectiveness in six, no five months. If I was going to be rescued it had to be soon. 
