 New Again

Krista knew what was going on; an auto washer was gently spraying her from all sides, scrubbing her skin with care using a dozen or more well programmed hands. It didn't care about privacy, soaping her up and spraying her clean then doing it once more again to her entire body.

The warm spray was glorious, the numerous artificial fingers that massaged her scalp then worked their way through her shampoo filled hair were relaxing. Krista thought she could fall asleep there as it double shampooed then conditioned her shoulder length hair. Was her hair that long when she went to sleep? She couldn't seem to remember.

Her relaxation was interrupted as soft manipulators massaged her shoulders, her back, and another set started on her chest. Her breasts were caressed then kneaded, nipples gently pinched prompting a little smile and a gasp. "I don't remember programming that in," she muttered to herself.

The manipulators worked their way down - the rear ones stopping to work every muscle group, lingering on her favourites - the front ones pressing her breasts up and down gently several times before moving on to stroke down her belly in waves. Then her waist and her hips were the focus of their attention, firmly sorting any kinks or problems out there.

The final rinse water, warm and strong, pulsed on her as manipulators gently spread her more intimate areas so she could have another set of sprays there. A squeal escaped her lips as a particularly firm pulse of water shot directly at one of her most favourite places, one few had ever had the privilege of touching.

Lotion came next, smelling sweetly of strawberries and rose as lower manipulators finished massaging her legs. "I don't remember paying for that feature," she said, recalling what she had in her hygiene pod at home. With a shrug, she let the machines do their work.

More massaging, but this time the mechanical hands were rubbing the lotion into her skin. She looked down for the first time as four of them attended to her breasts and realized that they were not the ones she went to sleep with. These were bigger, more pale, with perfectly round nipples and; "they're so much firmer," she breathed to herself. Her skin was lighter all over, as though she'd never seen a beach in her life, it was almost pink, in fact.

A manipulator distracted her as it massaged her venus mound firmly. Another carefully spread her netherlips open and she took a breath, knowing what was coming next. A sprayer sent pulsating waves of ph balanced fluid across her vagina as a smaller artificial hand moved them this way and that, finally gently pulling them up and apart so she was perfectly clean. "I love that part," she sighed as the devices left her most intimate space.

One word appeared in front of her on the inside of the pod;

MORE?

"If you're asking me if I'd like some special attention down there, then yes please," she said, realizing at the same time that she felt more than a little aroused.

A new artificial hand came to play from behind. It was covered with warm, slick fluid. It expertly grazed her nether lips. Another hand reached down her belly, massaging down as it went until it finally reached her furred mound. It firmly grasped and fondled the whole of her sex, and when it retreated, it was completely bald, pink and smooth. "How did you know that's the way I like it?" Krista purred.

The fingers lightly tracing the outside of her nether lips vibrated against them then, not pressing, but tickling and she nearly jumped. Two fingers gently spread her outer lips while another ran up and down their length, vibrating lightly. She leaned back and was caught by manipulators that continued to massage her back, her buttocks, her waist and her thighs.

A pair of familiar artificial hands descended. "You two liked by boobs, back for more fun?" she asked.

They went to work. They were slick with lotion, but started with feather touches, tickling, stroking and avoiding her taut nipples. The lower hand had her inner lips wet from within thanks to the vibrating sensations and their massaging strokes.

New hands traced her sides, caressed the sweet spots on her neck and shoulders. Finally, the massaging hands began to work like lovers who couldn't stop touching her. Even her hands were given fingers to intertwine between, and when she closed her eyes Krista imagined that she was being held up and administered to by the hands of a hundred lovers. A pair even played with her hair, caressed her cheeks and lips.

Her nipples were pinched then, sending hot shocks through her, and that wonderful vibrating finger chose that moment to buzz against her sensitive clitoris. An appendage slick with warm fluid imitated a lover licking her rear entry perfectly, pretending to make attempts to penetrate before backing off and tickling a place she'd never trusted anyone with. The machine was imitating someone's technique, and it was so incredible that she would definitely let them do that themselves if she met them.

"I feel hot," she said, her eyes opening to slits, just enough to see a warm red blush bloom on her chest. Unwilling to let the fantasy go, she closed her eyes again and her imagination was filled with lovers once more. Her hips twitched on their own, nearly leaving the vibrating finger focused on her most sensitive flesh alone. Krista ground herself into it, the vibrations making her moan loudly.

Her fingers curled with the artificial hands she held, squeezing hard. Her quickening breathing filled the pod with the sounds of her own arousal, only adding to her passion. Hands fondled her body, kneading her breasts, gently pulling her nipples, applied soothing strokes to her face, her belly, her thighs, and then there was that magical vibrating finger.

It's pitch changed as she ground herself into it, pressing her inner lips, her clitoris into it over and over again until it simply followed her movements and pulsated harder. Krista took one more breath and then her body tensed. For a long, magnificent moment a powerful wave of pleasure slowly spread from her most intimate space across her stiffened body and finally to her head. The finger stopped vibrating and retreated before she relaxed. If she was in control, she would have kept it there longer, it was as though something interrupted it and their session together.

She relaxed, taking a breath. Before her inhale was finished, a little twitch deep inside her sent an aftershock of pleasure through her body. A few more followed as the more utilitarian manipulators went to work - spot cleaning and finishing her treatment up - but she still wished she could have a few more minutes of their more lustful services. "Maybe someone out there heard me?" she asked, wondering if her indecency would get her kicked out of whatever place she was in.

Her finger and toenails were trimmed and buffed, and she pondered what could have happened while the machine finished massaging the creamy lotion everywhere. "Maybe I lost time while I was getting enhancements?" she asked herself. "This could be a spa, maybe?"

The manipulators withdrew from her body and she sighed. Her skin was glistening, perfect. The front of the pod opened and she stepped out. A full length mirror against the wall revealed the truth. She was in a new body.