 Chapter 7 - Find Love

It was late when Fantine finished her tale. They were both tired and really needed some rest. 

"I should leave and let you go to bed," Fantine said as she stretched and yawned.

"You must stay with me," asserted Liz. "Please, I insist. It's much too late to be driving about. And there is so much for us to talk about in the morning." She placed a hand on Fantine's. "Really. I would worry terribly if you left now and it's no trouble at all."

"Very well," said Fantine. She looked deep into Liz' eyes and smiled warmly.

Those soft eyes and pretty smile worked on Liz. Their encounter in the arcade was still fresh in her mind. The temptation was there to surrender herself to her lust and dive into the tangled bliss her new friend offered but she was wise enough to know lasting relationships were not founded on abrupt impulses. "You can sleep with me, if you don't mind," offered Liz. She did not mean to imply anything but it was the only bed she had and it would be callous to offer a guest anything less.

There was nothing to debate. She rose and led her new friend to her bedroom. "You must be tired," Liz offered. "It's not a hotel suite but it's comfy." 

Liz took a spot between her bed and her dresser and began removing her clothes. She dropped her skirt to the floor and remembered she had left her panties in the car. She felt embarrassed and quickly dug into a dresser drawer to get a clean pair. As she removed her blouse the notion caught in her mind that she was shy about her body in front of Fantine. She really had no reason for coyness. She had shared deep intimacy with this woman. Albeit, through a hole, it was closeness and rapture like she had never known. Her precious Charm had penetrated deep into Fantine's pussy; it was not at all a casual encounter. Fantine had delved into Charm to a point beyond mere union and triggered ecstasy that verged on a spiritual experience. She shook off her momentary embarrassment and was glad to be rid of it. This would be the first night of a long personal relationship. Liz finally had someone she could bond with. Now at hand was the development of that relationship.

Fantine showed neither hesitation nor embarrassment, she simply stepped to the opposite side of the bed and began undressing. She slipped off her shoes and stepped out of her dress. With no ceremony, the slender, girlish-figured woman took down the bedspread and slid under the covers of Liz' bed. She propped herself up on her elbow and watched Liz. 

Liz stood in her bra and panties, she was wrestling with the idea of putting on pajamas like she usually did but she knew it would be rude to humble her guest. She turned out the light and slid into bed facing Fantine. They bid each other good night and closed their eyes.

Liz opened her eyes again to study Fantine's face. She looked sweet and angelic and Liz knew it would be easy to become enamored with her as friend and companion. In spite of the sex they had shared tonight, she still wondered about the kind of love relationship she could surrender herself to. It involved opening up a part of herself that she had shuttered away in darkness for centuries. It would mean embracing behavior that was alien to her. She knew it was time to confront aspects of sensuality, sexuality and interpersonal accord like she had never known.

Fantine' eyes suddenly fluttered open. The two women smiled and they held each other's gaze.

"It is a scary thing, to trust a new friend," whispered Fantine; her voice was raspy from her long story. "It is hard to believe, over the years... I look for you,... you become very dear to me." She took Liz' hand and kissed it. "I come to you because I love you, my Elizabeth. I will protect you from all harm, now and always. If we are sisters or no."

Liz was touched that Fantine seemed to feel what she was struggling with. "Yes, thank you. We are two of a kind. We should be taking care of each other." She raised herself on her elbow, leaned over Fantine and they kissed. It was sweet and tender. Liz laid her head next to her new friend. They smiled at each other again and closed their eyes. 'Yes,' Liz thought. 'We will be lovers.' She could feel the notion as a seed planted in her heart. She needed merely to wait for it to sprout and love would finally be hers. Seconds later, she was sound asleep.

----

When Liz awoke, she found Fantine still sleeping peacefully beside her. She quietly slid out of bed, put on a robe she had hanging on the closet door and went to the kitchen to start a pot of coffee. It was some minutes later as she was reading the paper that Fantine padded into the room. With her dress pulled on and still unbuttoned, her hair fallen across her face, and her eyes all puffy she looked sweet and innocent like a girl at a sleep over. 

Liz greeted her with a peck on the cheek. The two chatted lightly as Liz fixed them a light breakfast of toast and yogurt with fresh fruit. She was pleasantly shocked at how easy it was for her to relax in Fantine's presence and wondered if it was all they had in common, the intimacy they shared at the arcade, or if it was something deeper. 

"Fantine, about last night... ," Liz began after she'd finally built up enough courage to broach the subject. "When you got into me... When you reached within me so deep, what happened?"

"You do not know," came the awestruck reply?

"I felt what you did to me... "

"Yes," Fantine coaxed?

"It was... Wow. It was fantastic... beyond anything, ever," Liz laughingly recalled.

"Yes, and then what," Fantine anxiously plied?

"Well, apart from what was going on in my head, I kind of blacked out."

"You do not remember?"

"No." said Liz flatly. "I just remember coming to on the floor. What happened?"

"Well... at first, you get real... êtes devenu très tendu. Stiff. And then you sway, back and forth a little," she explained. "After that, you moan and laugh. Then you moan real loud. You screamed and I think maybe I hurt you. But you keep the hold on to me."

"I'm sorry," Liz said with a blush. "I hope I didn't scare you too much."

"It was very good I think, yes?" Fantine took her hand and spoke confidingly, "Maybe you show me some time, yes? I would like to have this feeling... with you." 

"Oh yes! Of course, we... umm," Liz started. She was caught up in a girlish excitement that tickled her in a way she had not felt in years. Her own frankness and unbridled interest shocked her. 'But why should it?' she thought. If there was any one on earth she could finally trust and open up to it was Fantine. "Yes, I would love to show you." The two silently smiled at each other for a moment before breaking out in a nervous giggle. Liz flushed and took an instant to tuck away the fresh feeling for later reflection.

They talked for hours more about basically the physiology they shared and their feelings about it. They exchanged anecdotes on the major historical events, especially of the past one hundred forty years; where they were and what impression they had of epic events like wars, natural catastrophes, and cultural phenomena they could both recall. They talked about famous people they had known. 

While Liz' encounters were mostly in science, art and academia like Louis Pasteur, Victor Hugo, and Albert Einstein; Fantine's were mostly royalty, politicians and entrepreneurs like Prince Edward of England, Benito Mussolini, and Gottlieb Daimler. They did discover that, apart from their mutual Venetian friend, they had both met Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Woodrow Wilson, and Henri Rousseau. They were both amused by how small the world could be if one's life is big enough.

They traded their impressions of the human race as abject observers; non-playing characters; spectators freed from the oppression of mortality. They shared their feelings about their unique perspective, outside of mankind and still part of it. Liz had been enthralled with Fantine's tale the night before, now she was hanging on her adventurous friend's every word; trying hard to know every facet of the new personality in her life. 

As noon approached, they decided upon collecting Fantine's things from her hotel and stopping somewhere for lunch. Liz took a quick shower, something she usually did immediately after a trip to an arcade, and dressed in slacks and a sweater to join Fantine, dressed and ready, in the living room. They took Fantine's car and continued their engrossing conversation on the way to the hotel.

Once in her room, Fantine casually stripped herself nude before Liz. They chatted lightly as they had all morning about their likes and dislikes, also simple things and casual observations. It was part of a familiarization process that all new friends go through, however, this one had promise of something deeper. Liz admired her openness and trusting nature. She also admired her form, her toned body and smooth clear skin. She found her eyes drawn to Fantine's thick, triangular pubic nest and all the wonder that lie within it. Fantine laid out her clothes and then immersed herself in the shower. 

She invited Liz into the bathroom so they could continue their chat. Liz was touched by the gesture. After her shower Fantine went about laying out something to wear and packing up her things. She remained nude as she worked; displaying herself for Liz; tactically offering herself to Liz. All the time she looked deeply into Liz' eyes, smiled happily, and made a point to touch Liz at every opportunity. It was having its intended effect; the giddy glow inside Liz grew into something that dwelt unavoidably on her conscious mind.

"I had to buy new clothes for this cold weather," explained Fantine as she worked.

"They're very pretty," Liz said. She could not keep her eyes off her enchanting companion. She enjoyed interacting with her and being the focus of her attention.

"Do you like the white or the blue," Fantine offered as she held up two pair of panties on either side of her sex? Liz pointed at the blue but her eyes stayed focused on the dark, merging combs of her friend's pussy.

Fantine knelt on the bed beside where Liz sat. She put her hand on Liz' shoulder. "What do you see," she asked in a low sultry voice?

A doorway was opening to something sex had never been for Liz. "I see what I want," she started to say. She reached for Fantine's dark mound of feminine mystery and sought to meld with; not just what it held inside but with the woman beyond. Rapture, release, familiarity and refuge all within her grasp. She held back. "But I'm reluctant to take it"

"Qu'est-ce que c'est? Reluctant," asked Fantine?

"Afraid," replied Liz. She smiled to reassure her friend. "Sex has always only been something I do to stay young. It's never been an emotional exchange with another person. ' know what I mean?"

"Yes, I think so. You need not to hide any more, my Elizabeth," whispered Fantine.

"Okay," said Liz as she tried not to cry. "Teach me not to hide and I'll make you glad you found me." 

"I am already glad." Fantine kissed her on her forehead, smiled at her and then merrily went about her chore.

Packed and dressed in blue jeans and a pullover, Fantine and Liz checked her out of the hotel and stowed her luggage, then it was off to a nice bistro Liz knew of for lunch. Their conversation turned light and frivolous as the two women were quickly becoming very close and familiar. Liz was enjoying Fantine like no one she had ever known, and why not? They were two of a kind. But it was more than that, everything Fantine said or did made Liz glow with happiness in a kind of way she had almost completely forgotten.

After lunch, they strolled through a pleasant park hand in hand. As they walked and talked, Liz was becoming entranced by the girl's every move. Fantine's beauty, her playful charm, and her sultry, knowing stare were working on Liz. She felt herself falling under some kind of spell that filled her with a warm glow and tugged on her heart. Old feelings that she had isolated deep within her were bubbling up She wanted to scoop up her charming new friend in her arms and hold her close like a playful kitten. Liz was beginning to yearn for privacy so she could do just that. Her opportunity was coming soon.

Their casual stroll took them into seclusion amidst a grove of cypress trees. The newfound seclusion pushed Liz to respond to what she was feeling. She stopped in her tracks and pulled Fantine to a halt. The two faced each other and Liz addressed her urge to take her new friend in her arms and indulge all the wants she could not explain. She reached out to Fantine but something stopped her. She was confused. Feelings that had slumbered so long were now waking, not for a man, but another woman. She looked at Fantine, her eyes were full of bewilderment and consternation.

Fantine smiled and cupped Liz' face in her hands. "Is it so difficult," she asked? "Love... it is more than where we find it." She dropped her hands to her sides and took Liz' hands. "I had eighty years to think about mine."

It was like salvation stood before Liz and was waiting for her response. The thought of putting it off for the sake of her old-fashioned hang-ups over a lover's gender set her on the verge of screaming in frustration. She thought of all the nameless men she had used in an utter vacuum of affection and her mind was made. 

"Can I have the next eighty," Liz asked, on the verge of tears.

"Eighty, eighty thousand," whispered Fantine and she gathered Liz in her arms and kissed her deeply.

If their kiss was having any chemical effect on each other, they really could not have noticed. Their passion was authentic and fueled by nothing more than the moment and their newly awakened longings for each other. 

A thrill moved through Liz. So long it had been since she enjoyed a kiss with another. She wrapped her arms around Fantine and held her tight. She let her lover gently suck on her tongue and basked in Fantine's warmth. Their bodies melted together, Fantine cooed to her and pushed her hips against Liz' in a gentle, telling rhythm. They might have collapsed to the ground and flailed against each other in pursuit of cresting their boiling desire if nervous laughter had not interrupted their embrace. 

They pulled apart defensively and turned to meet a small group of teenagers who had stumbled upon them amidst the trees. It was an awkward moment. The youngsters giggled their snide remarks quietly amongst themselves and Liz felt like curling up into a ball in embarrassment. Fantine, however, was not the least bit timid about her actions. She sensed Liz' trepidation, took her hand and simply led her out between the trees and back out into the park green, laughing, just like she had in the arcade. 

Liz quickly realized the silliness of her fear and began shrugging off her nervousness. This life was already behind her. They both laughed as they ran through the park back to Fantine's car. Liz was amazed at how free she felt; about how Fantine had dispelled her fear and eased her discomfort with her brave, bold action. She felt so safe in Fantine's hands. 

She was also still feeling her arousal. She yearned for Fantine's touch and longed to be alone with her. They got into the car with little or no discussion. Their destination was set and Fantine drove toward Liz' home. 

Their excitement mounted the closer they got to Liz' apartment. They were both anxious to be alone and bring their flesh into play. Liz pushed out with Charm; filling her vagina with its anxious presence; anticipating the joining to Fantine; yearning to tie together in rapture.

At last, Fantine pulled into the parking lot. The two women practically trotted in to the elevator, their giddiness evident in their glowing faces. Fantine took Liz' hand on the ride up.

Thoughts of their previous encounter, the night before, in the arcade, played in Liz' mind. She recalled the overwhelming assault on her senses and the frightening loss of control. She looked to her companion and tried to utter her guarded concern. "Honey," she whispered. "Darling, let's be careful. Alright?"

"Yes, my love. We know now," Fantine softly soothed. "The wall, it is not between us tonight." She took Liz's hand in both of hers and brought it to her lips and kissed it and held it against her cheek. "We will take each other to that place... we will bring each other back." 

Liz trusted her temperament and she knew she would be safe. The door opened on Liz' floor and the couple darted to her door. A quick turn of a key and they were home, alone at last, and locked within their refuge. 

Nothing impaired them now. Fantine shrugged her coat from her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. Liz followed suit and stepped toward Fantine. She lifted her hands toward Fantine's shoulders and waited for her love partner to engage her touch. They laced their fingers and slowly brought their faces together. Liz pursed her lips for their kiss but Fantine held back. She took control and stayed off the kiss to pique Liz' desire. She let their lips and noses gently brush in concert in a subtle tease that sent Liz' heart aflutter. 

When Fantine finally brought her mouth to meet Liz' it was electric. Liz moaned her delight and wrapped her arms around her lover. So long it had been since she lost herself in a kiss and to have it now with her newly found, fresh feelings was like the glow of a Spring sun's first warm rays. Fantine's tongue found hers and they traded uninhibited caresses. Liz knew she should have reservations about the strangeness of sharing romance with another woman but that reluctance was drowned by the joyous surrender she was now enjoying in Fantine's arms. Their bodies melted together and their two soft forms became one.

Inside herself, Liz felt with Charm her moistening desire. She yearned to reach out and bond herself with Fantine through her deprived appendage. Charm twisted and churned within her cunt, striving to break free and engage its rival in Fantine. Liz was wrestling with a surge of emotions running through her. All of her repressed longings fought for release in this liberating tryst. It was all so wonderful and she wanted so much more of it.

In frustration she broke free of Fantine and stepped back. She brought her hands up to her face and tried to catch her breath. Her eyes were wild with passion and they devoured her beautiful friend before her. She was torn. This contact, these emotions, this alternate orientation were all contrary to the strict rules Liz had established for her life and very nature. But it enticed her so.

Fantine smiled seductively and slowly drew her top up over her shoulders and head. She tossed it aside and reached behind her to unfasten her bra. She scooped her pert breasts in her hands and waited for Liz' response.

Liz wanted her flesh like nothing she had ever known. She spun around in the fervor of her emotions and with shaking hands pulled her sweater off and then released her breasts from their brassiere confines. They hung round and firm on her chest, her nipples ached in their stiff arousal. She shook her head and let her wavy hair spill freely around her shoulders. For a minute the two just drank in each other and then dove into a new embrace.

Fantine's tender cuddle set Liz' senses on fire. Liz had never known any such subtle delight as her breasts cradled in such soft warm skin. She indulged her touch in the creamy smoothness of Fantine's back. They drank each other's kiss like cool water on a hot, dry day. This is what Liz had missed all those years. This was the human affection she had shunned for her own safety and it was hers now to drown herself in. . 

It was Fantine who yielded first to the call of deeper passion. She broke their kiss and taking Liz' hand, led her to the bedroom. Liz lingered at the doorway and watched her enticingly beautiful partner pose herself among the shadows.
