 The Office

A quick glance around told her that she was in a doctor's office, or some kind of general examination room. She looked back to the mirror and stared. She immediately recognized it as herself, there was no doubt in her mind that it was her face, her body and her astonished expression staring back at her. Krista was also aware that it was a completely new body, or a completely changed body.

What she recalled as her shape before was always more than a little chubby in the wrong places, and there wasn't much remarkable about her face either. Her breasts fell flat before she turned thirty, and there was no getting rid of the large bags around her eyes. She would try to fit in with the models she worked with, and they loved it, calling her their den mother, setting her up on dates and making her feel welcome. They were a different breed then, and the last thing she remembered was that she was saving every spare penny she had to get general rejuvenation treatments so she could measure up, but it would take years. "Maybe I made it, maybe this is it?"

Krista lifted one breast, it was nothing like she remembered. The skin was perfect, pale but healthy, double or triple D, and heavy, full, firm. Her waist was well shaped, slim but not so skinny that she looked like she was starving. Her hips were just wide enough for her to have a wonderful hourglass figure, and that face! Atop it all, she couldn't get over her face.

It still looked like hers from before, but she had big blue eyes, a pretty little nose and full pink lips. It was all set into the face shape of a lovely Irish girl, broad with a slightly pointed but still softly rounded chin. "I'm cute! I never thought I could be cute again."

A draft reminded her that she was totally naked in a new place, and she covered her bald womanhood with one hand, and tried to gather her breasts in her other arm. They were almost disproportionate.

"So, Krista Lake," said the voice of a tall, well dressed, dark haired gentleman as he entered. He was looking at a data pad, only it was paper thin, way nicer than the ones she'd seen before. He also spoke as though he was reading the news. "You were a professional alterations specialist for the Wicked Wear Bikini Company, and were a certified avionics specialist before then. You also have your small craft pilot's license? You must have been invaluable to that little bikini company. I'm sure there's a story there."

"I was in the Air Force when I was young, then I did alterations, flew the crew and models to remote locations sometimes," she explained. "Do you have a smock or something?"

"Yes, but I should perform a cursory examination before you cover up. You may as well make yourself comfortable." He gestured towards a padded examination table.

She used the step-stool to get up on it and was pleased to find that it wasn't cold on her bottom. "Is this a rejuvenation spa?"

"Oh, you might think that, coming from where you do. That hygiene machine must have been quite an experience for you, the ones you had back then weren't nearly as sophisticated."

"Back then?" she asked.

"One minute, I'm still reading up," he said, scrolling through her file. "I see you're the one with brown hair, but did they make a mistake?" he gently took a lock of her hair in his fingers and looked at the light brown, almost blonde strands. "I suppose this is still brown, what do you think?"

Krista nodded. "I think so."

"Let's check the carpet," he said, gently guiding her knees apart. "Oops, someone pulled the carpet up and found a nice floor underneath." his finger gingerly touched her just above her tender slit. "Is that the way you like it? We could have it grown back in a minute, or it can stay that way until you want a change."

"I used to always shave there before a date," Krista said. "I'll keep it the way it is. Did you say it would just stay that way?"

"Yes, technology has moved on since you were around," he said. "All right, back to the file. You

only had one good friend, a model named Andi. No family or anyone else to worry about. Some of your skills are actually still quite applicable, that's rare. Did you like your occupation?"

"I did," Krista said, lowering her hands between her legs so she could pretend at some modesty. The urge to entice him into a kiss, or just get him closer to her was strong. Her orgasm in the pod was cut short, and it was the first of that size, perhaps only the ninth or tenth she could recall overall. She enjoyed sex, but had never felt such need before. Krista lacked the nerve, however, and kept her intimacy covered. He was so gorgeous, a man with classy features and dark eyes.

"Okay, so we have a pilot who can design and alter bikini's. That's pretty unique, they'll like that," he said. "Now, let's get a real look at you."

He rolled his data pad up and cupped her cheek, looking deep into her eyes. "Have you always been this short?"

Krista nodded, it was the one thing they hadn't changed.

"Very pretty, especially the lips and eyes. You know that'll last forever, along with everything else. You're one of the new ones, everything will just snap back into place if you want it to when you're finished whatever activity you get up to. No aging, guaranteed." He leaned in closer, looking into her eye. To her surprise, he kissed her, plucking at her lips firmly. He licked her top lip before sucking on her bottom one, then withdrew slowly, as though it was difficult for him to stop. "Oh, my God, sorry. You're just the most beautiful young woman to come through. I shouldn't. I'm your doctor and you're set to be only a day past legal age."

Her head was spinning, it was hard to think. The kiss was a little strange, it was almost as though he was testing or tasting her, but she liked it. "It's okay, mistakes happen."

"You really wouldn't mind if I locked the door and made love to you right now, would you?" he asked in disbelief.

He was a very handsome man, the kind she would dream about while she was waiting for a job to come along at work. She'd just met him, but there was a tingling in her belly and her head felt like it had been stuffed with hot cotton. "I'd like that, I wouldn't mind at all."

"Oh, it's my fault. I stopped the hygiene machine early because you were making so much noise. It happens sometimes, you know, there's nothing to be embarrassed about," he explained, looking away from her.

The shape of a generous bulge became visible in his trousers, and she found herself slowly opening her thighs, running her hands up her body. "Don't you have to finish the examination?" Cupping her shapely breasts in her hands, Krista squeezed and massaged them, having trouble believing that they were hers.

He looked in her direction and traced his fingers up her inner thigh, stopping before reacing the top then withdrew. "Oh, God, I could lose a day's pay, I shouldn't."

Hearing that the consequences weren't nearly as dire as she thought they would be for him, she leaned forward and grabbed the clasp to his black trousers. It was only a button; one push and his pants fell to the floor, freeing his modest but very clean, idyllic manhood. "I want this," she said. "I ache, I need something inside. You owe me, the machine stopped too early." He moaned as she began to stroke him. His member felt fat in her hand, pulsing with his heartbeat. That was something she knew how to do; many of her dates finished with a makeout session and a handjob in the car.

"They've made a vixen," he breathed. "I can't, you're a virgin all over again."

"You will," she said, slipping off the table. Krista pressed up against him, enjoying the luxury of pressing her large breasts against his chest. She's seen bikini models do it at the club, and it always sealed the deal with the man they were after. Next was dry humping, making out and a taxi home. Krista wanted to skip ahead, and kept looking down at his swollen head in her hand.

"I've seen old movies like this, and always dreamt..." he started to say, but she cut him off by bending down and taking the shiny head into her mouth. He gasped and gripped the examination table. "Oh, this is happening," he moaned.

Her tongue went to work on the underside and she drew him in. The sounds of her attention; the slurps and pops as she had fun making him groan, making him twitch filled the room. He was the perfect size, she could take him almost all the way in and push his whole head against the bumpy roof of her mouth.

The taste of him was sweet, almost berry like, so she redoubled her efforts and cooed her own delight as she did so. Moaning and ragged breathing filled the room along with the sounds of her drawing him in, crushing him against the roof of her mouth, and drawing on his member hard as she retreated, almost letting him pop free from her lips before repeating the act.

Her own hand slipped between her legs, where she found herself slick and sensitive. Her middle finger may not have been able to vibrate, but she quickly found her way through her tender folds so she could begin pleasuring herself. Krista imagined that he'd pick her up, lay her on the examination table. She'd spread for him, and the doctor would kiss her soundly, deeply as his thick cock broke into her for the first time.

She'd just found her rhythm when he grabbed the back of her head then pulled and pushed her at double the pace. "Oh, Creator, I'm going to fill your mouth! Oh! It's going to overflow down your throat, over your ch-chin, across your tiiiii..."

She braced herself, expecting a sticky, potentially chunky, white mess to explode in her mouth. There was no withdrawing or turning away, his grip was like iron, and then it happened. An unbelievable jet of slick - not sticky - thick, raspberry flavoured ejaculate erupted in her mouth as her doctor screamed. "Here I come! Here I come! Oh my genius! Here I fucking come!"

He thrust a second time, and she swallowed to keep up. His ragged breathing filled the room, fingers were intwined in her hair. A third thrust, and an unbelievable wave of his come surged past her lips, dripping down her chin. A fourth thrust put his head at the back of her throat, gushing down her throat. He shouted; "Your mouth is heaven! I'm almost dry! You're sucking me dry!" she began to cough as some went down her windpipe thanks to a near chuckle.

The fifth thrust took the longest, it was slow, firm and she could feel him twitch hard inside her mouth as he shouted unintelligibly. There was so much slick, sweet ejaculate that her mouth filled, she coughed, struggled to swallow, and finally a rush of it pushed past her lips, another upwards and she realized that it was coming out of her nose. He finally withdrew, falling limp as she coughed. "You are the greatest cocksucker in all history. My best little cock sucker!" he lifted her onto the table. "And you're so beautiful, absolutely magnificent!"

"I need a minute," she said as she struggled to cough up the little that went down the wrong pipe. "This isn't cum, is it?" she asked, looking down at the clear, pinkish fluid on her chest.

He stroked her face as she sat up on the examination bench. "You're going to love oral sex with me. I might not be able to penetrate you but..." He looked over his shoulder suddenly, then back at her with a grin. "Gotta go!"

In one motion he snatched his pants off the floor and strode across the room, leaving through the door at the foot of the examination table. As it closed the other door opened. A woman with startlingly beautiful features and blonde hair in a high bun entered. She was wearing a lab coat and looking at a pad. "Krista Lake, I see you've come through with flying..." the blonde woman looked up at her, startled. "Oh, my God!"

Krista coughed once, her throat mostly clear, aware that she had whatever he sprayed into her mouth dribbling from her chin and running down from her nose. "He went that way," she said, pointing at the other door.

The new doctor's expression darkened. "Fucking mandroids," she cursed.