 Author's Note: This story was requested by Heromanbunny.

***

Amy hugged her girlfriend tight and bounced her softly. The Amazonian futa's hands coiled around Amanda's waist, fingers almost touching, and felt it as her cock rammed up her lover's luscious canal. Just like her height would imply, Amy was endowed well beyond most futanari. Her cock stretched Amanda's pussy, forcing the sopping walls tight around her like a glove made of velvet, and made its shape obvious through the otherwise flat belly. She could even make out the bell-like head.

A sharp thrust earned a high-pitched cry from Amanda. Every inch of her insides was clenched tight around Amy's length, its veins pulsating against them like a circuit of prodding fingers. The smaller futa's cock bounced with each thrust of the amazon, whose crotch clapped wetly against Amanda's balls her juices poured forth. Amanda folded in half and wrapped her mouth around an Amazonian nipple. The size was a match for a baby's fist.

Amy moved her hands down to cup her lover's ass. It filled her palms, each cheek soft and smooth, conforming to the crevices in her hands like liquid, yet they were firm beneath it all. She rocked Amanda to and fro, brushing the plush cheeks against her thighs, while Amy's cock pushed in all directions. Pre-cum splashed against the amazon's abs and ran between the crevices of her slight muscles, then down to the sheets below.

"Gonna cum... fuck, ah!" Amanda cried and arched her back, sinking her hands into the almost inhuman softness of her lover's breasts. Her cock flexed and launched a viscous rope through the air, before gravity made it fall. It splattered across Amy's face, leading down to her stomach. Another, more intense burst flew loose and coated the amazon's breasts and chin. Several more shots followed, until they weakened to a viscous dribble. Her pussy remained tense, however.

"Hmm, so tight," Amy moaned and hastened her thrusts, savouring the slick friction, "Want me to cum inside again?" She cooed, angling her hips to press her yawning urethra against Amanda's cervix.

"Oh, fuck yeah! Do it!" Amanda yelled as her body jerked in another orgasm, her cock spurting freely once more. Amy opened her mouth wide and caught several streaks. Her prick and Amanda's snatch worked in lewd harmony, their flesh slapping together. The sounds rang through their room, filling it and their ears with nothing but depravity. Amy smacked each of her lover's cheeks, smiling at how Amanda's face twisted in a mix of pain and pleasure.

"Cumming!" Amy shrieked. Her hips rose and slammed her turgid balls into Amanda's ass, shoving her cock against the smaller futa's cervix. It curved around her blunt tip, giving just enough for the dilated peak to unleash the initial deluge inside. Amy returned her hands to her lover's waist and moaned in her climax, and at the unique sensation of Amanda's belly rounding out with nothing but cum. Spurt after spurt piled into the organ.

Until the pressure was too great. Semen exploded from between them, splashing onto the bed and merging with Amanda's own seed. It all but covered Amy's torso and streamed down her legs, while more spilled. The bulge of Amanda's stomach swelled then deflated with each clench of Amy's powerful muscles. Her cock jerked and pushed out from the smaller girl's belly, the next spurt visible through her flesh.

"So good," Amanda slurred and flopped onto Amy, weakly hugging the amazon. Her head was buried between the daunting mountains of breasts, their plushness surrounded her and streaked cum across her face. Amy smiled lazily and stroked the thick seed into her lover's hair, sighing softly as the last of her orgasm dribbled out.

"I love you," Amy breathed and curled her arms around the smaller futa, "But this is kind of boring." The amazon sighed. Amanda inevitably fell asleep under the afterglow, snoring gently into the pliant mountains. There was one person who could easily solve her problem, if it could be called such. Night after night sent having fantastic sex was wonderful, but even that grew tired over time. She had a fantasy that she craved to have fulfilled.

The following day, Amy strode into the science block. She had to duck her head under the doorframe, despite how huge a place it was, easily claiming more than forty percent of the campus' huge space. Monochrome walls and floors reflected the setting sunlight brilliantly, almost blinding, while the doors sealed shut with a soft hiss and vents thrummed to keep the air inside regulated. No expenses were spared for the genius that single-handedly kept the division thriving.

And it was this genius whom Amy was there to see. She side-stepped around the students passing by, hunching her shoulders as they gawked at her height. They couldn't be blamed, standing almost two feet below her eyeline. The Amazon slid into the lab and searched around the room, sighing in relief at how empty it was.

Only one person was present amongst the rows of tables. She wore a pair of stylish glasses and a long, lab coat stained with several burn marks and holes. Stainless steel equipment lined the desks, along with beakers and utensils that Amy was unfamiliar with. Everything was meticulously organised, laid out for the next day.

"Hey, Lizzy!" Amy called softly, for her that is. She had to keep her voice under control. Lungs as large as hers could easily shake windows if she spoke loud enough, or even rupture eardrums.

"Ah, Amy! Great to see you. As big as ever I see," Eliza greeted her, rising from the stool to approach the impressive Amazon.

"Hehe, yeah," Amy shrugged, "How's the, uh, science stuff going?"

"Not bad, mostly just been passing time until I get approval for my next project," Eliza hopped back onto her seat and smirked at her friend, "So, what brings you to my humble abode?"

"I... wait, do you actually live here?"

"Perhaps."

"Why wouldn't that surprise me?" Amy chuckled, "Anyway, I wanted to ask a favour."

Eliza arched an eyebrow and picked up her tablet, fingers poised to take notes, "Ask away." The Amazon grinned and sat opposite her friend, adjusting the bulge of her crotch.

-A few weeks later-

"I can't believe she's already finished it," Amy muttered, staring at the text from Eliza on her phone 'It's done'. That was all it read. She glanced down at her girlfriend. The far smaller futa shrugged and led the way inside, smiling eagerly. Neither had thought this day would come, yet here it was. Amy lingered behind to watch her lover's bountiful ass, before following her.

"Welcome friends, welcome!" Eliza exclaimed, waving to the pair from her table, "Come, sit."

"Hey, Lizzy," Amy greeted her as they sat down.

"Is it a day off today?" Amanda inquired, glancing around at the near-empty lab.

"No, I just kicked everyone out. If this works right, then I think you will want some... privacy," Eliza winked.

"You really did it?" Amy leaned forward excitedly, eyes and mouth wide. She glanced at Amanda, who shared her grin.

"Sure did... probably," Eliza chuckled and pulled a beaker of transparent, blue fluid in front of them, "Here it is. Shrinkage! The fantastic new product that will temporarily shrink you down. Presumably, that is."

"You haven't tested it?" Amanda scowled at the scientist.

"I figured Amy would want to do the honours."

"You figured right," Amy laughed and grabbed the beaker, regarding the clear blue liquid, "How small will it make me?"

"I'd rather let you find out," Eliza clapped her hands together and stared at the Amazonian futa, tongue flicking across her lips in anticipation. The pair across from her looked to one another, sharing a keen smile.

"Ready to fuck a midget?" Amy smirked.

"Not exactly, you'll be perfectly proportionate. More like a person on a big tv," Eliza explained, "Also, that word is offensive, I'd thank you not to use it again."

"Sorry," Amy chuckled and raised the beaker to her lips. She winked at her girlfriend, then chugged the contents in one go. It slid down her gullet with ease. The flavour was soft as it washed across her tongue, reminiscent of blueberries, yet unlike them. As the last drops flowed down her throat, Amy swore she felt it settle into her stomach. She smacked her lips and set the glass down.

"How're you feeling?" Amanda inquired, casting a worried eye over Amy's body.

"Pretty good. That tasted great... I am a little warm, though," Amy mumbled and pulled at her shirt, loosening it around her breasts. She glanced at the reflective table surface, noticing that her cheeks were red, and that it seemed closer than normal. The amazon raised her hands and stared at them, watching closely for signs that Eliza's potion was working.

She flexed her fingers with a slight frown. They felt tight, as did most of her body, like something was pulling her skin. Amy felt at her arms, unintentionally taking a moment to indulge in the natural muscle tone, then patted her legs for any hint of change. Nothing physical seemed present, yet the tightness persisted and increased. Her hands found her crotch as the sensation became unbearably potent there.

Amy gasped as her normally taut jeans grew lax around her groin. The bulge dissipated to a slight protrusion, enough that she was unmistakably a futa, however it was far from the bulk that she was accustomed to. She looked up at her girlfriend with an excited smirk, which widened to flash her teeth. Amanda's face was almost level with hers and, slowly, their eyes fell onto the same plane. The amazon lunged forward and mashed her lips into the other futa's, wrapping her arms around her. Harsh moans reverberated in the back of their throats.

"It's really happening," Amy gasped when they separated, and she looked up at Amanda, a fact that made her giggle, and hopped down from her stool. Her shirt hung on one shoulder, falling from the other like a petite girl wearing an oversized footballer's jersey. The swell of her breasts was lost as well, every inch of her head-sized mounds depleted until they were diminutive curves on her chest.

"Cool," Amanda chuckled and groped her own bust, smirking at Amy's deflated boobs. The former amazon pulled her shirt off, revealing the cute pair she now sported, nipples at the ready. Her friend stood as well, giggling at how Amy only came up to the bottom of her breasts. She bent down to face Amy like she would for a child, lowering further to match the shrinking amazon.

"I bet my pussy's gonna be so fucking tight after this is done," Amy chortled, just as her hips thinned enough for her pants to fall into a heap around her ankles and reveal her new sized cock.

"Nice," Amanda commented and squatted down onto her haunches to study the phallus, its mass still impressive for her height, "We could still have some real fun with this." She reached out and grabbed it, stroking along the prominent vein that lined the underside. The child-sized futa moaned at the touch.

"Before you go any further," Eliza butted in, "Could you wait until my formula has taken full effect? I need to make sure there's no side effects."

"That's fine," Amy giggled and jumped back onto the stool, kicking her legs like the child she now appeared to be, "Everything seems so big now." She raised her hands and clapped them together, beaming at how soft the sound was compared to before. A sigh slipped past her thinned lips; she wished she could feel these tiny fingers on her hulk of a cock. That could wait, though.

"How small is she gonna get?" Amanda inquired, a worried frown creasing her brow as she glanced at Amy. The once towering amazon barely reached her lover's shoulders now, yet her smile refused to wane.

"If my calculations are correct, and they usually are," Eliza added under her breath, "Then, she'll be about two feet tall when it's finished. There's about a three-inch margin for error though. Of course, science is all trial and error so..."

"Awesome," Amy smirked, ignoring her. She ran her hands across her body, feeling the last of her womanly curves slip away. Her feminine shape remained, though it was slight at best, while her cock seemed to reach its limit. It was no bigger than when she was entering puberty. Her hair fell far past her ass now.

"You're so tiny," Amanda giggled and picked Amy up, eyes widening as she did so, to set the futa on her lap, "And light too."

"Thanks," Amy laughed in return, then seemed to realise what had become of her voice, "Wow, I sound like kid again."

"And it's adorable," Amanda nuzzled into the diminutive girl's neck.

"I think it's stopped now," Amy said.

"I'd say so," Eliza noted, "How're you feeling?"

"Like a ball of energy," Amy chirped, "And horny."

"Nothing out of the ordinary," Eliza typed it into her tablet, "Your cock's still working?"

"Oh yeah," Amanda breathed, her hand wrapping around the shaft as it swelled to life.

"Motor functions?"

Amy jumped from her girlfriend's thighs and hopped in place. She did a twirl and waved her arms about, cock flopping with her movements. On her now-tiny frame, it appeared massive, more so than when she was full-sized. She jumped to beam at her scientist friend from across the table.

"Okay, now I need a couple of samples," Eliza stated and held up a syringe and empty cup. Amy pouted and climbed back onto her seat, offering her arm, "Don't worry. The other one will be a lot more fun, I guarantee it."

Amanda leaned down to wrap her arms around the child-like amazon, holding her tight. She squeezed as Amy winced, chuckling at her reaction. A moment later and the scientist was done. Eliza, then, slid the empty beaker along to the pair and winked at them. The tiny futa raised her head and giggled at her lover, before she pressed her lips against her cheek.

"I'll leave you two alone," Eliza smirked and strode out from the room, throwing a short wave at her friends as she did so.

"This is gonna be fun," Amanda breathed and stepped back. Amy spun around to fix her gaze intently on Amanda, eager to see her naked form with smaller, yet no less excited eyes. The taller of the two hooked her hands under her shirt, then pulled it over her head. Amanda's braless tits leapt into the open, nipples bouncing with her mounds. The tiny futa's gaze followed every movement with unerring precision, drinking in the gorgeous sight before her. 

Amanda's buck naked figure filled her vision. The gentle curve of her breasts slid gracefully into her waist, soft but slim, and flared beautifully into a pert set of hips. Her tits were level with Amy's face, subsuming her gaze. She licked her lips in longing.

"Hell yeah, it is," Amy agreed and flung her arms over Amanda's shoulders. She pulled, yet the taller futa didn't budge. They shared a chuckle, before Amanda picked her up and kissed the dwarven girl. Amy's mouth was completely covered in her girlfriend's lips, their plushness consuming hers. Her tongue quickly pushed inside but was dominated just as fast.

She pressed harder and hooked her legs around Amanda. The taller girl was like a pillar now, holding Amy's weight with ease. Comparatively massive fingers clamped around her ass. They pushed and pulled, grinding Amy's cock against the other futa's stomach. Slimy pre-cum spilled from it as her erection peaked, while the spongy tip poked into Amanda's bosom, sinking into the deliciously soft mounds. A high moan trembled her chest, the vibration travelling through to her prick.

Amanda slid a hand between them to stroke the diminutive futa's cock. Her fingers brushed against Amy's nipple, flicking it and sending a powerful pulsation along her dick. The slit widened and spewed pre, thick rivulets of it coursing down her length and all over Amanda's torso. Their bodies slipped against one another as Amy's slimy emissions persisted.

The shrunken futa moaned and rolled her hips without thought. Her body was alight with sensations, sparks of delight racing across her nerves as she fell deeper into her lust. She massaged her lips against Amanda's and ran her fingers across her body, seeking out her girlfriend's most sensitive spots. There was one at the crest of her ass, yet it was out of reach. Amy groaned and strained to reach it.

"One moment," Amanda broke the kiss and lowered her two-foot lover back to the floor. She turned around to present her curvaceous rear, slapping a hand over a cheek. The flesh jiggled enticingly, hovering over Amy's head. Amy latched her hands onto it and giggled as her hands sank into the giant globes. Her fingers were submerged in the pliant cheeks, "Have at it." Amanda urged her and yelped at the sudden spank she received.

"You're so big," Amy sighed. She leaned up on her tip-toes and laid her cheek against her lover's, then brought her hand along the curve, sliding it between the mounds down to a lustful warmth. The heat fuelled Amy's own, seeming to sink into her skin and coursing through her like lava.

"Why don't I play the big, hulking Amazon this time?" Amanda offered, sinking her hips to brush her snatch against Amy's tiny fingers.

"Maybe another time," Amy said and kissed her lover's flesh, then nipped at it, "I just want to enjoy this for now."

"Aww," Amanda pouted and turned around, putting her crotch almost directly in Amy's face, "Oh well... I can't wait to try out your pussy."

"Neither can I," Amy moaned and pushed her face against Amanda's cock, sliding her small lips along the shaft. A single vein was enough to demand her full attention. She pulled back along the immense length to press her mouth against the girl-cock, poking her tongue out and into the slit, lapping at the salty insides. The tiny girl groaned at the flavour and opened her mouth wide to engulf the tip, though even that much forced her jaw to stretch uncomfortably.

She stroked the shaft with her diminutive hands. They were insignificant by comparison, barely covering more than inch of cock. Her fingers were outmatched and outnumbered by the veins that wrapped around the shaft, like an intricate web that kept her hands firmly in place. Amy pulled her mouth free and pressed the spit-slickened head against her cheek, staring up at her lover as she stroked it excitedly.

"It's longer than my face," Amy rasped. Pre-cum poured down her face, its scent permeated the air around her, while she savoured the sensation of Amanda's heart beating through the bulbous head. Her breaths deepened as she inhaled the musky fumes, almost able to see them wafting from Amanda's cock.

"Put it back in," Amanda panted and laid her hands on Amy's adorable head, "It was so tight..."

"Oh?" Amy thinned her eyes mischievously and ran her tongue along the tip, slurping up all the pre she could, "You want me to put your big, meaty cock back in my teeny-tiny mouth?"

"Yes... please?" Amanda pleaded.

"You're the giant now," Amy mumbled as she traced her lips across the bottom cum vein, anticipating the viscous seed that would flow through it, "Why not make me?" She ducked lower and nipped at the scrotum, then kissed the soft bitemark she left.

"Is that it?" The breathless futa asked, "You want me to shove my huge dick down your little throat?"

"I'm just a helpless, little futa now," Amy moaned, kissing every inch of her girlfriend's balls, "You're more than three feet taller than me, what can I do to stop you?" She half-heartedly smacked Amanda's thigh.

"So, you do want me to play the giant?"

"Do whatever you want."

"In that case..." Amanda wove her fingers into Amy's hair and pushed her away, before she angled her hips to push her turgid cock forward. Amy didn't resist and stretched her mouth open around the tip once more, hollowing her cheeks as she sucked on it. She took it deeper and moaned, covering her tongue in her girlfriend's flavour. A tide of pre-cum gushed against the back of her mouth and made her gag.
