 "So, what's the plan tonight?" Amy asked Amanda as she ducked under the 'large' doorways on the way to her next class for architecture. She didn't necessarily plan on pursuing a serious career in the field – her modelling agency was just waiting for her to dropout – but she enjoyed creating the model structures. Though she tended steer away from the blueprints.

"The girls want to roleplay some more," Amanda leaned her head back to smirk at the amazon, giddy at the chance to show off more of her outfits, "I was thinking we could do damsel in distress."

"Really?" Amy groaned.

"What?"

"I'm always the dragon or whatever in those," Amy pouted.

"Yeah, problem is that it'd be unfair if you were the hero. You could fuck everyone into submission without trying," Amanda reminded her, poking at Amy's bulbous package. It stuck out from her form-hugging jeans at near the same height as most people's eyes, giving passers-by a clear idea of how impressively endowed she was. Though Amy could be a girl and most would be awed by her breasts.

"I do that anyway," Amy chided her.

"Precisely why you always get to sleep with me after," Amanda grinned and jumped up to pull Amy down into a kiss, dragging it out until the class bell rung, "Now get to class. I'll see you later."

Amy doodled in her notebook as the lecture began, as per usual for the free-flowing amazon. Infrequent lines of actual notes partitioned her drawings and scribbles, mostly of herself as a knight in shining armour. Sometimes she'd sketch a building design and others she'd take a crack at the hottie two rows down. She never wore underwear and her pants were always low, showing off some of her ass. Dozens of attempts at the derriere decorated Amy's pages.

Her eyeline was just right to avoid seeming inattentive too. A perfect crime, she thought with a silent chuckle. Amy stood and stretched once class came to an end, grimacing at how her bra cut into her breasts. They were certainly bigger than a few days ago, by a cup size at least. She'd have to get a new custom order in now. Meaning she wouldn't be taking Amanda out to that new restaurant.

At lunch, Amy undid the hooks and gasped in keen relief. She rubbed at her breasts, wincing at the deep markings left by the undergarment. With a deft throw, the tortuous article was launched into a dumpster. Amanda clapped at the shot.

"If you want, I can massage them later," the redhead offered.

"Why not now?" Amy arched an eyebrow.

"My pleasure," Amanda chuckled and walked to stand behind her, then reached down into the amazon's shirt to cup her treasure trove of tits, "Hmm, I never get tired of these."

"Me neither," Amy sighed and relaxed into her girlfriends hands, which gently rolled her mounds, squeezing from the base to pull on the tips. Delicate fingers dug into her pliant breasts, playing them like a piano. Amy moaned softly, "Keep that up and we'll need to use the stress room."

"Counting on it," Amanda giggled. She leaned down and caught Amy's lips in her own, while a hand moved down the amazon's firm middle to cup her envious crotch.

"Save it for later you two!" Jade snapped, setting her tray down at the table. She was joined by Clary and Dana, who shared a knowing smirk. The two lovers separated with a quick kiss, shooting a teasing a glance at their company. Amanda sidled up to Amy and laid a hand on her thigh, keeping her cock just within reach to lightly scratch it through her jeans.

"Up for a game later, Amy?" Dana offered. She referred to volleyball, one of the few sports that Amy played semi-seriously, despite her natural athleticism.

"Sure, if you don't mind losing again," Amy jeered. The two met eyes and stared at one another, unblinking, before Amy gave in.

"Ha! Add one to my total," Dana waved her hands in victory.

"What total?" Jade rolled her eyes.

"Come on, I think she's won a couple of times," Clary defended, though she didn't look sure.

"There was that poker game, wasn't there?" Amanda frowned.

"I won that, you just passed out before it happened," Amy shrugged, "You know, we really have to do something about your stamina." She added with a teasing kiss.

"My stamina is fine," Amanda ruffled and grabbed her girlfriend's cock hard, "Want me to prove it?"

"Oh, yeah," Amy moaned and raised her hips.

"If you'll excuse me," Amanda smacked her lips together hungrily and went to lean down, until Jade caught her. The gorgeous Brazilian stared disapprovingly at the futa, "Just a joke."

"Why're you always a party-pooper?" Dana huffed.

"I am not," Jade reeled at the accusation, "She's gonna need all her energy... and cum... for tonight."

"Fair point," Clary shrugged and grinned at the amazon. Everyone knew Amy and Amanda were an item – how couldn't they when the pair almost fucked in public constantly? – though that didn't discourage anyone from trying to get with the latter. Only a few were permitted such a privilege, however. Amanda wasn't the jealous type, but she had her limits. If she knew them and approved, or was part of the fun, then it was fine. Amy enjoyed it either way.

"Don't tell you're all gonna be the knights?" Amy guessed, though she knew the answer.

"Well, duh. It's not every day that we get to fuck you," Dana laughed.

"And you've always got energy to spare for Amanda," Clary added with a pout at the lucky futa.

"I'm not complaining," Amy protested, "Just, I was hoping to try something different."

"Like what?" Jade leaned forward, her exotic, stern face cracking into a grin.

"Well," Amy glanced at Amanda and nodded to her bag.

"Maybe some other time, we still don't know if there's any side effects," Amanda fretted.

"Yeah," Amy sighed and looked at the clock, "I should go. The volleyball coach wanted me to stop by." The others looked to Amanda, who only shook her head and shrugged.

Her breasts bounced with her step as she leapt to spike the ball. Amy trained her sights on an opening between her opponents – the freshmen players – and aimed away from it, shooting for the slight gap on their right flank. Being serious was tiring and pointless to her, usually detracting from her fun. That said, she couldn't help herself at that moment. Every ounce of her in born ability carried her through the match.

The opponents returned her spike, rallying to do so themselves. She cupped her chest for support as she landed and raced to the most vulnerable spot on her side, arriving just as the ball zipped toward her. Amy received it and set up her teammate, though they were often fixated on her. Not that she could blame them. The college's sports uniforms didn't fit her very well.

Her breasts made it impossible for the shirt to reach past her waist. It showed the tops of her broad hips and subtle six-pack, letting her naturally toned figure flare out into the constraining shorts. They cupped her package like a lover might, holding her cock and balls aloft and stretching the elastic to its limits. Long, powerful legs extended from the blue fabric, soft fat belying the muscle beneath. With her hair tied up in a ponytail, it was easy to mistake her for a star athlete.

Until she sighed and strolled off the court.

"Something wrong?" The coach asked from the side lines. Volleyball was only a hobby for Amy, something that the instructor was painfully aware of, giving her little to no sway over the amazon's decisions.

"Just needed to work off some steam," Amy shrugged and dabbed at her lightly glistening forehead with a cloth, "My friends are always doing the same things lately."

"The roleplaying?" Coach guessed.

Amy nodded, "Yeah. I'm the big, bad boss monster again tonight."

"Isn't it fun?"

"Well... yeah. It's really fun," Amy smiled, "Especially when they try to gang up on me, but I just wind up outlasting them all. But that's beside the point. I just want to try something different this time."

"Then do it!" Coach barked, pausing the conversation to give direction to the potential athletes under her care. Amy glanced at her bag that sat in a crumpled mass beside her, held up only by a couple of notebooks and a few bottles of a very special formula. Her cock shoved against the shorts as she recalled when she first drank the formula, while a dampness spread from under her balls. She didn't need Amanda's permission to use it.

Besides, surprises are what make life fun. Amy thought with a relaxed grin, contemplating how the night's events would go now that she was going to shake things up. Or down, she added with a giggle. She got changed and headed back to the sorority house.

It was a fittingly large abode. Three floors, a decent sized porch for loitering and drinking, eight large bedrooms, a fully furbished kitchen and social space, and a basement. Two bathrooms per floor, and a game room on the ground. Pool tables, foosball, arcade machines, PS4s, whatever the game, that room had it to some capacity. There was even a mini croquet field set up. Though no one used it.

The basement was the real playroom for many of the sorority sisters. It was essential a sex dungeon, with wardrobes containing all manner of sex toys and outfits. When the sorority was originally made, the room had a dank, musty stench to it. Now it reeked of sex even after weeks of disuse, although it never went more than a few hours without someone using it.

Amy rummaged around the outfits down there. She needed something small and adjustable but sexy. Sadly, the sorority hadn't received any dwarves since its creation, leaving her to improvise. It couldn't be that hard, Amy surmised as she gathered a series of leather straps that had become separated from their original items. She'd been around Amanda for long enough, surely some of her costume expertise would've rubbed off.

"Well... it's not a total wreck," Amy studied herself in the wall of mirrors. Some of the self-obsessed members loved to watch themselves jerk off, others enjoyed seeing their faces twist in pleasure as they're fucked. Especially in the swing. Amy glanced to the simple, yet brilliantly effective device and licked her lips. It might come in handy later.

She refocused on her crude ensemble. It was little more than a series of straps and strips of cloth masquerading as clothing, though they fulfilled the minimal requirements; her lovelies were hidden away, even if they were obvious, "This should work... wait... oh crap!" Amy groaned. Back to the grindstone, she thought.

"Okay, we're ready!" Amanda called from the basement. Most of the house was asleep now, or at least in their rooms 'relaxing' or waiting for the fun to start. Amy stood at the door to the stairs, staring down at the silhouettes of her friends as they got themselves ready. The outlines of their swelling cocks echoed in Amy's own, but she kept herself in place for a minute longer.

"Just a minute!" Amy shouted back and raised the bottle of formula. Her partly handcrafted clothes were piled beside her, ready to be put onto a vastly smaller version of herself. She hoped. Only one way to find out, Amy decided and chugged back the bottle. A rush of sensation coursed through her body all at once. It lingered, gradually strengthening with every breath she took. Her skin felt familiarly tight.

She set the emptied bottle down and stared at her arms. They began to shrink before her eyes, muscles condensing into short limbs before they evened out to her usually softly toned appearance. Amy felt at her breasts as they shrank until they were just bigger than grapefruits, followed by her torso and her lower-half until only her comically huge head was left to go. Then it, too, shrank until it was roughly the same size as her breast. It might've been slightly smaller.

"Huh, was I smaller last time?" Amy mused aloud, studying her body. Her curves were fully intact, just shrunken to match her new proportions. She had to wonder if she could get a child's ticket for the bus like this, though her figure would no doubt give her away. As would the still impressive erection that sprouted from her crotch. It didn't look anywhere near as small as it should've. She couldn't complain, though; it looked even bigger with her diminutive height.

"You ready yet?!" Dana droned.

"Almost!" Amy hurriedly put her costume into place, grimacing at how tight it snapped around her breasts, forcing her busty flesh to overflow and almost devour the strap. Some hung looser than she'd planned around her waist, while her cock was a lost cause. The strips of leather and fabric were little more than a frame for it. They hugged her buttocks nicely, though, lifting the cheeks to really announce her peach-shape rear.

"Are you snorting helium up there?!"

"Uh..." Amy gave herself a quick once-over, then began down the stairs, "Not quite."

"Ho..." Clary began.

"Ly..." Dana continued.

"Shit..." Amanda groaned.

"She's so..." Jade inhaled.

"Cute!" All except Amanda blurted and rushed Amy, towering over her as she once did for them. The shrunken amazon licked her lips as she looked around her, body brimming with nervous energy and lust. Her gaze was below her friends' crotches, forcing her to look up to see Jade's cock, which bulged against her panties and raised the folds of her skirt. Dana and Clary both had musky streaks leaking from their underwear. 

"Is that you, Amy?" Clary marvelled, reaching down to pet the amazon like a stray dog. Amy didn't discourage the comparison, as she leaned into the touch.

"Yep," Amy chirped and twirled, showing off all two feet of her curvy figure. Nothing appeared out of place, save for her cock. Her breasts didn't overshadow her torso, nor was her waist too small or wide, and her hips still boasted sensual power.

"How?" Jade gasped, though she couldn't resist doubling over to fondle Amy's breasts, which now fit her palm perfectly.

"Eliza made me a formula that lets me shrink like this. It's only temporary," Amy divulged, "So no more time wasting!"

"Can't believe this," Amanda muttered just loud enough for the two-foot amazon to hear, "Since the main boss has been diminished, I guess you guys will be the heroes this time." She pointed to the three regular sized women, all of whom smirked down at Amy.

"Gladly," Dana crouched low and ran her finger down Amy's chest, "I can't wait to finally beat you."

"I wouldn't be so sure," Amy giggled and reached up to cup Clary and Jade's bulges, "I'm no pushover."

"Dibs on round one!" Dana's hand shot up, turning to address Amanda. The futa rolled her eyes at the group, shooting a slight glare at her lover. Amy flashed her teeth and winked, silently promising to make it up to her.

"Whatever," Amanda sighed and got herself into the sex swing, "This is the tower today. Amy, you're the hero. You'd better save me, the illustrious princess, from those monsters, you teeny-tiny amazon."

"Of course, Princess," Amy beamed proudly and raised her cock. Its girth completely overshadowed her hand, preventing her fingers from even reaching halfway around it. She, then, turned serious and addressed the three 'monsters', "Which of you will be my first victim?"

"Already called dibs," Dana stepped forward. The other two shrugged and walked away to 'guard' Amanda, and to watch the proceedings. All three had to hold back their laughter as Dana, the second-tallest next to Amy's usual height, squared off against Amy, now less than a third of her former height.

"She's still so hot," Clary noted and ran a finger against her panties, dipping it between her engorged lips, "I hope I get a turn at her."

"Probably won't," Jade mourned, "Dana's too competitive. She'll wear Amy out in no time."

"I wouldn't be so sure," Amanda said, reciting Amy's own retort.

The diminutive amazon had to focus not to quiver with excitement. There was nothing that she could do about her twitching cock, every heartbeat echoing in the impressive member, which drooled a slow stream of pre. Her body was a bundle of energy and desire at that moment, both demanding that she release them quickly. It was fortunate that Dana was so eager to volunteer.

Yes, very fortunate, Amy thought as she studied her friend from her drastically changed perspective. Dana's face was mostly obscured by her breasts, which hung over Amy like a set of cliffs just begging to be climbed. Her shirt was war-torn, with large gouges in the fabric that showed off Dana's gorgeous black skin, which glistened under a faint sheen of perspiration. The skirt barely covered Dana's typically wide hips and heart-shaped ass.

Amy's pint-sized body quivered as she stared at Dana's panties. The crotch was moulded against her snatch and soaked in her juices, trails of her desire slipping down her lush thighs. Her underwear sank into Dana's plump lips, almost devoured by them. A small but noticeable bump poked out from above the engorged mons. Amy licked her lips and stepped forward.

"This is gonna be fun," Dana muttered.

"Very," Amy concurred and ducked her head under Dana's skirt without warning. The tall woman yelped, then moaned as Amy wrapped her lips around what she could of Dana's large, squishy cunt. It stuffed her mouth full, flushing her tongue in the delicious taste of sex. Amy's small nose flared at the explosive musk. Her own pussy moistened in sympathy while her cock thrummed in longing.

She pushed her tongue against the pussy-flooded garment. Dana moaned louder and pressed back, unconsciously offering her snatch to the dwarven amazon, who reached up to pull on her ass cheeks. With a flourish, Amy yanked her friend's panties down. The giant went to react, but Amy swiftly latched back onto her cunny. Without the fabric barrier, Dana's flavour became vastly more impressive.

"Ah, fuck," Dana gasped and reached down to hold Amy's head in place. Her legs shook in place, bowing slightly to better mash her snatch into Amy's face. She began to undulate her hips, allowing Amy to simply poke her tongue out, and rub her scent all over the pint-sized futa's face. Streaks of it coated her cheeks before long, and fresh lines drooled across her lips. Amy snuck a hand alongside her face and pushed it inside.

She grinned at Dana's sudden yelp and began to clench and unclench her fist. Her fingers raked across the black woman's insides, scratching against her velvet walls to find the g-spot. A buck of the hips confirmed her find. Amy moved her mouth to Dana's clit. The bud was huge by normal standards, like a nipple, and seemed even bigger by Amy's view. She sucked it past her lips and rammed her hand against Dana's g-spot.

"Son of a bitch!" Dana yelled as she came. Her juices came forth like a storm, drenching Amy's arm from wrist to bicep. Some splattered against her chest, even her cock, while her walls clamped down and tugged on Amy's fist, drawing it in until she was pressed against Dana's cervix.

"Ready for round two?" Amy teased and yanked her hand free with a splatter of cum.

"Bitch," Dana panted, though her face was alight with pleasure and anticipation, "I'm gonna get you for that."

Amy raised her cock, brandishing it like a sword, "Bring it on giant." Being so small, the contest didn't last long before she was pinned to the floor with Dana's heaving tits in her face. She didn't mind, raising her head to blind herself in their supple expanse and inhale Dana's perfume – an assortment of cherries mixed with her musky sweat. The far taller girl grabbed Amy's hand and shoved them to the floor, while moving herself to press her sweltering cunt against the amazon's rigid sword.

"Surrender, and perhaps I'll be gentle," Dana teased, grinning knowingly.

"I'll never surrender, not while my princess waits for me," Amy nipped at her friend's breast, causing her to rear back in surprise. Her pussy fell slightly, enveloping Amy's nerve packed dick in her velvet heat. Dana moaned at the penetration, briefly closing her eyes. Amy slid her hips upward, slowly spreading her walls until their groins were pressed flush together. The dark giant groaned low and deep the entire time. It took all Amy had to keep from blowing her load then and there.
