 Amy stretched and winced as she struck the ceiling again, forgetting about her incredible height. The roof was built high, to her gratitude, and offered about a foot of freedom between it and her head. Which could change if she grew again, highly probable given her love for the shrink/growth formula Eliza had made for her. Her cock twitched in remembrance, also eager for another round of shrunken fun. It would have to wait.

On the bed, Amanda roused from her deep, satiated slumber. She slept naked most nights, convenient for both her and the Amazon when either woke up with a raging erection. Neither minded the pre-cum stains on their sheets, nor the smell.

"Oh god, my balls ache!" Amanda giggled as she sat up, feeling at her testes as if to massage some sperm back into them. Her face was splattered in dried cum, as was the pillow on her side of the bed. More crusted the insides of her thighs, while a slight dribble oozed from her well-used pussy, kept fresh within her lusty tunnel. Amy smirked down at her and strode over on her long legs to kiss the satisfied girl.

"That's how you know it was a good night."

"Do yours ache?" Amanda asked.

"No."

"Great," Amanda said.

"We'll work on it when I get back. It's the weekend," Amy said, crouching to nuzzle into her lover's neck, inhaling the intoxicating aroma of their night, "So I plan on abusing my body and yours until Monday."

"Sounds fair," Amanda leaned into the affection. She reached up to return the favour and groped at Amy's tits, each as big as the Amazon's head and more than a match for the average futa's hungry hands. Amanda's fingers sank into the globes of flesh and became lost within them, playing amidst the marshmallow mountains, while her palms crushed the plump cherry. Soft moans vibrated against her neck.

Amy pulled up and away, "Sorry, any more and I won't be able to leave. Eliza's expecting me."

"Yeah," Amanda pouted but lowered her hands, fingers still hooked to keep groping the giant futa's chest.

"I promise a good pounding when I'm back."

"Take your time. I need to fill the girls back up," Amanda said, eying her empty sack. Normally full and stretched thin, her scrotum hung loose over its contents, looking forlorn in its laxness.

"I could've sworn futa cum is the best cure for some deflated testes," Amy said and stood to her full height, a near perfect level for her crotch to come within her lover's lips. Her semi-flaccid length throbbed in desire and filled with blood, as if stretching out to reach Amanda, "They said so back in Sex Ed.

"You know, I think they did," Amanda beamed, then shook her head, "But we've got plenty of time. Do your little errand. I'll be waiting."

It was Amy's turn to pout, "Really?"

"If you leave now, I might still be in the mood for a prostate massage," Amanda teased. She flung her legs off the bed, revealing the white, crusty mess their lurid efforts had yielded, stood and walked away from the Amazon. The futa paused and twisted her body around. Clapping one hand on each of her lower cheeks, she pulled them apart to reveal her cute, wrinkled star. She shook her hips with a slight grin as Amy followed the movement.

"Fucking tease," the giant muttered.

"Please," Amanda said, righting her posture, though she kept her hole on display, "You love it."

Amy sighed, "Yeah. I've gotta get dressed."

"Not gonna shower?" Amanda asked, concealing her asshole within her delectable cheeks.

"Are you?"

"Good point," Amanda chuckled, running a hand through her matted hair. It was riddled with a mixture of her own copious orgasms and Amy's incredible releases. Globs of seed had dried into the locks, a perfect match for the sensual filth that covered her from head to toe, and onto her plush lips. She didn't try to moisten them, happy to savour the reminder while she could.

Amy sifted through her clothes, searching for something decent to wear. Liberal or not, the college wouldn't appreciate her strutting around half-naked, regardless of her unusual circumstances. Not that it made much difference. Her curves and cock stood out against any outfit she wore now. Most of her clothes were custom made for her old height, now they were either too skimpy or didn't fit at all. 

She grabbed at the loosest shirt she could find and tugged it on. Any hope of wearing a bra had been squashed days ago, when she'd managed to squeeze into one and felt a python's grip would be kinder to her chest. Her nipples poked out against the material, desperate for attention, the perfect cap for her mountains, each greater than her head if her judgement was right. About on par with a basketball, she thought. Perhaps bigger.

Amy grabbed at her clothed chest and rolled the mounds in her hands. Whether seven or eight feet all, her breasts had always been oversized and magnificent on her luscious body, and sensitive too. She'd come to close orgasm from nipple-play alone, usually by Clary's lips when the top-heavy songstress would zen out while sucking on Amy's tits. Amy never expected meditation to be so delightful.

A mirror dominated the inside of her closet door, which stood almost seven feet. Even so, she was forced to squat down to get a proper view of herself. Amy grinned to herself at how the muscles in her legs rippled. Her tone had improved with her height. Where before she sported soft, feminine skin, unblemished except for the occasional mole, now she could clearly make out the lines of muscle across her limbs and stomach. Subtle pec definition hid behind the mountain of her bust.

Yet her curves suffered not. Every inch of her hips remained as broad and enticing as ever, wide enough to outdo even Dana's. She gripped her sides and cooed as her fingers delved into the expanse of flesh, stopping when she found solid muscle deep within. Strength simmered within her form, ready to be unbound at a moments notice, as it always had. Her power came with the territory.

People called her an Amazon, and rightly so. Amy towered over most others since she was in grade school, dominated them in sports, and outshone any cheerleader she'd met. Having such ability, however, grew tiresome faster than she would have liked. By high school, she could pummel any senior into the ground, whether through a fistfight or a contest. People feared her for that. Until she made a simple decision.

She wouldn't do anything. Amy dropped all sports, save for volleyball, and ignored any competition, a choice that became a blessing in disguise. Her free time led to better grades and allowed her to enter college. Not long after and she lost her virginity. It was awkward but incredible. And she had wanted more right away.

After that, she found purpose. People called her a slut for a while, reasonable given her penchant for taking a new lover almost every night. She dated a few people, but they couldn't keep up, so she moved on until she found someone who could. That person was Amanda, though even she had her limits, which is where their friends joined in. Jade, Dana and Clary all shared in Amy's boundless lust when Amanda couldn't handle anymore. Or when she, or Amy, wanted added fun.

Amy blinked and returned her mind to the present. In her reflection, she saw Amanda strolling about the room, gathering her hairbrush and other toiletries. The Amazon stood and strode to her. She pulled the smaller futa into a tight hug and kissed her, endowing the act with every drop of love and passion she possessed. Amanda giggled and reciprocated, moaning into the giant's lips.

"I love you," Amy said against her girlfriend's mouth, savouring her closeness.

"I love you too. Now hurry up so you can come back, pin me down, and fuck everything else out of my head."

"I'd rather not," Amy said, "Having you as my brainless sex doll sounds hot, but I'd miss the talking."

"I'd still talk," Amanda defended, "It'd just be limited to I and love and you."

"No thanks. I'd feel like I'm fucking Groot or something."

"You think he can make dildos and stuff?" Amanda asked, gaze pensive as she pondered the question.

"And I'm done," Amy laughed and set her down. She returned to her closet and pulled on the largest set of panties she owned, even so they became no better no than a thong on her new frame. A furnace of pride sparked to life at how she had grown, and in such a short timeframe as well. Her underwear was designed for her cock, meant to support and hug it to her body. It did its job, though she feared the garment wouldn't hold up against an erection. Few things could before.

After that, she wrenched a skirt on. The hem once stopped two inches above her knee, suitably conservative but easily turned sexy in the right situation, now it failed to even reach the halfway mark. And it constrained her movements.

"Sorry," Amy said and winced as she carefully tore along the side. She stopped just shy of revealing her panties, "Ah, that's better."

"Not gonna put on tights or anything? It's not that warm out," Amanda said.

"It'll be fine," Amy shrugged and tugged on a pair of socks, praising whoever made elastic material all the while, "I won't be outside longer than a few minutes anyway."

"If you say so."

Describing the weather as unseasonal grazed the surface of the chill outside. It was mid-autumn, a time where someone could dust off their thin coats and snuggle without sticking together, however none would think that with one step outside. The wind howled and mauled at Amy's skin, sinking its icy fangs through her taut and revealing attire into the flesh below.

"Why didn't you insist harder?" Amy grumbled, creating a silent promise with herself to punish Amanda properly later. For now, however, her single goal was the science block where Eliza waited. Her destination sat half a mile from the sorority, through an interweaving mix of paths and buildings. Others braved the cold, though Amy suspected she was overblowing the temperature, since no one else seemed bothered by it, albeit they all had suitable clothes on. She hugged her arms in an effort to keep warm.

At long last, she stepped into the warm embrace of the science building. The doors slid shut, cutting off the perverted cold from groping her delicate body. Cold temperatures were her worst enemy. Her natural body heat was impressive enough to entice many lovers during Winter, yet she dreaded those months as well. For reasons unknown to her, the cold seemed to target her above all others. It snaked into every gap in her clothes. She couldn't wear anything less than four layers in the icy season.

Blissful heat floated around her, ethereal, as if it might drift away from her. She cupped her hands around her mouth, exhaling into her cool palms and clutching onto the warmth. It chased out the cold and curled up within her. Amy sighed as her crotch relaxed.

"What can I do you for?" Eliza asked, stepping up behind the Amazon.

"Shit! Don't sneak up on me like that," Amy said. She turned to face her friend and straightened herself, coming to stand at her full, daunting height. Eliza's head tilted back and her mouth fell open.

"I think you'd best explain this to me," she said.

Amy did. She explained, in gratuitous detail, what led to her gaining an extra foot in height. By the end, Amy's underwear strained to keep her erection contained. They managed to keep it to a simple bulge in her skirt. Eliza, though level-headed and analytical, also struggled to keep her arousal in check.

The science student composed herself, "That's uh... that's pretty shocking. Even for me. Though I suppose causing growth should've been something I considered. Regardless, I'll try to see if I can make a weaker, permanent shrink formula."

"Why? I love being this huge!" Amy giggled, glancing to the table they sat at. It was made from metal and cast a dull reflection of her visage.

"You do?"

"What's not to love?" Amy asked. She ran a hand across her figure, lingering on how her breasts bellowed from her chest, the pinch of her waist, the subtle bumps of her abs and her mighty hips. Her crotch went untouched. For the moment. "Sure I need a new wardrobe, but I've got plenty saved up, but look at me. I've never been sexier."

"Agreed," Eliza said and cleared her throat. She glanced around, though they were the only people present, everyone else taking advantage of the weekend, "You'd better invite me over soon."

"Sure. Just not this weekend. Amanda and I are putting me to the test."

"I'm amazed you came to see me already," Eliza said, casting an eye over the stains on Amy's skin and hair.

"It's kind of important. To me, that is," Amy said.

"Bragging about having lots of sex is important?"

"Not that. It's the formula. I, uh, didn't mention that it's not working as well as before. Like, the bigger I get, the less it shrinks."

"Makes sense," Eliza said and stared at Amy's eyes, reading the hope in them, "You want me to make a stronger one, don't you?"

"Yes, please."

Eliza sighed, "Always up for a challenge. Any other requests?"

"Maybe a growth one?"

"You wanna get bigger?"

"Uh, yes?"

"Fine. Whatever," Eliza stood and strolled over to a side table, on which sat her tablet, "You're lucky I get funded for this crazy shit."

"I can pay," Amy said.

"It's fine. I don't need your money. Right now anyway. But, and I'm not being funny here, you'd better fuck me."

"Sure."

Eliza fixed her with a hard stare, threat clear through her sleek glasses, "Soon."

"I'm free most of the week," Amy said, "You're more than welcome in the house."

"Good," Eliza smirked and scrolled through her tablet, "Right, you're done here. Now fuck off so I can get busy."

"I can imagine," Amy winked with a nod to her friend's blatant erection.

Eliza's pallid face flushed a deep red and her bulge dwindled, the blood rushing from one end to another, "Just go."

"Gotcha."

Another brisk walk later and Amy returned to the three story house she, and her sorority sisters called home. A balcony jutted out from the top floor, support beams leading down into a porch over the front door. Twin rows of windows lead up into the single, attic window. It was there that Amy and Amanda slept. Out of necessity, as the ceiling was higher than other rooms.

She smiled up at the slanted, shingled rooftop. Some nights, she would carry Amanda out the window and climb onto the peak. They straddled the building or laid against it, feet planted against the drainpipes, and enjoyed the night air. Though rare, they could sometimes see the stars as clear as daylight. Amy shook her head. She'd used some of her cheesiest lines up there, calling Amanda more beautiful than the stars, staring at her like she was the northern lights realised right before her eyes. They worked, but not without several jabs later on.

Amy strode back into the house. She greeted her friends, though without so much as a glance in their direction, and took the stairs three or four at a time. Moments passed and she stood in her room once more.

"I could hear you from up here," Amanda snickered from the bed, on which she laid, wrists and ankles bound, naked with her cock steadily rising from its slumber. Her body was still stained in cum. The beginning of stubble had formed on her groin, but it was obscured by the fresh dollops of pre-cum.

"I love you," Amy said and tore at her clothes. Her already frayed skirt split in two and her shirt spawned several holes, releasing her powerful, curvaceous figure and cock to the world.

"Then come and prove it," Amanda shook her hips, prick swaying alluringly. She tugged on her bonds. They held strong, leaving her trapped.

Amy leapt onto the bed and slid her cock under Amanda's balls, lifting the hot, sweaty orbs to reveal her sweetest treasure, "Gladly."

Monday morning rolled around in a sexual haze. Amy nuzzled against her lover's head. It laid against her chest, buried among two rotund mounds. Deep, soft breaths tickled her skin. Amanda's cock pressed into the Amazon's belly, hard as stone and pulsating with pre-cum. Beneath it, Amy's own shaft cuddled with its counterpart, both slathered in the other's copious juices. The giant reached up and rubbed the sand from her eyes.

"Hmm," Amy pulled Amanda tighter, savouring her heat and the aromatic stench of their sexes mixed together. The bed was crusted in their cum, now soaked through into the sheets and likely the mattress. Anyone could step inside and know, without a shadow of doubt, what they were doing. Not that any member of the sorority expected anything less of the two.

"Oh god," Amanda sighed from between Amy's monumental breasts, "Did you ever take a break?" She leaned back to look at the Amazon, who tilted her own head in for a peck on the lips.

"Not that I remember," Amy said.

"Good thing I'm on the pill," Amanda chuckled. She squirmed to place one hand on her stomach, once it was smooth and pudgy, now her fingers spread out across the round surface. Semen swirled inside and squished under her touch. Each moment that passed was accompanied by the constant flow of seed from her well-fucked pussy.

"For now," Amy added.

Amanda started at the statement, then relaxed and hugged her giant lover closer, "For now."

They laid together without moving. Silent, but for the soft wisp of their breaths and occasional squelch of Amy's leaking cum.

"What got you so... vigorous on Saturday?" Amanda asked.

"Nothing much. Just remembered how much I love you," Amy said. She rolled onto her back and pulled Amanda atop her breast, "I didn't think I'd find this kind of thing."

"What 'thing'?"

"Something like you. Sports and studying bore me. Sex is always exciting, so I thought 'hey, maybe this is something that'll never get old?' Then I met you."

"Sex got old for you?" Amanda asked, dubious.

"Hell no!" Amy snorted, "But you make it better. I love fucking someone half into a coma, but I adore doing it to you."

"Careful, you'll make me blush," Amanda said, her cheeks already flushed.

Amy kissed the top of her head, "Too late for that."

"So, what's the plan for today?" Amanda later asked. It had been an hour since they woke up. Both were showered and dressed, appearing presentable, though Amanda's legs quivered if she stood longer than a few seconds.

"I definitely need new clothes," Amy said, yanking a shirt over her bosom. It stopped half an inch past the lower swell of her tits. Her thighs were bared, covered by what should have been a half-length pair of jeans. Instead, they came to an end above the midway mark and dug into her skin. The muscle definition was clear through the dense fabric.

"Mall and movie?" Amanda offered. She wore a black t-shirt with a Chinese dragon across the chest, its claws positioned atop her breasts, and a pair of navy blue, denim shorts. The weather had warmed up since Amy last ventured out, with the sunlight dulled but not excluded.

"Eh, I don't think there's anything good on." Amy said.

"Mall and... lunch date?"

"Sounds nice. Maybe that new place on Mag Street?"

"The pizza joint? Sure."

"Think we could get away with a public blowjob?" Amy smirked. They moved through the house and into the kitchen, made a few slices of toast, ate, then left for their date. The weather had cleared up. Dull clouds floated overhead, shrouding the world from the blazing sunlight, while a gentle wind toyed with their hair.

One bus ride later, they stepped off and walked into the local mall, named the Cringle Hall. Fitting, given how shoppers rushed it during the holiday season. With Halloween around the corner, bright Christmas decorations were naturally at war with the spooky ones. The pair weaved in and out of clothes stores, searching for somewhere that might stock something Amy could wear.

"Think they'll have anything?" Amanda asked as they entered the fourth shop.
