 "This is awesome!" Amy beamed when she stepped into the location. By itself, there was little worth noting about the area. Stagehands, managers, lights, photographers and others scurried around, making sure nothing would go wrong. No, it was the group of models gathered to the side of the action that sparked Amy's euphoria. A manager approached. They wore high heels and looked around six feet with them, yet she was head and shoulders below the shortest model.

"Wow," Amanda said beside her and gave a low whistle, "It's like a herd of you."

"They're all Amazons. Well, that's how we're marketing them anyway," said Joanne, joining them. She was still exhausted from when she picked up the pair, who had wasted no time in 'paying' her, leaving Amy's manager dishevelled and satisfied, "None of them are below seven feet."

"We've gotta mingle," Amy pulled Amanda along, though she was happy enough to jog beside her. "HI!" Amy said when they stopped at the group. They stopped whatever conversation they were having to size up the new addition. One gawked, which had a domino effect on the others as they realised Amy was, at minimum, half a foot taller than them. And, better yet, was packing an impressive package even for her size.

Each of the Amazons were stunning in their own regard. No one could mistake them for ugly, no matter how warped their perspective was. Expert makeup accentuated the natural beauty on each of their faces, while handmade garments hugged their luscious figures. As with any human, of course, their figures differed in subtle and obvious ways.

One sported breasts large enough to challenge Amy's monstrous set. Another had her hips cocked to the side, pronouncing how wide her lower half was. A third had supple hills at the crest of her bosom where her areolae were. Only one futa was amongst them, aside Amy, though she wasn't noteworthy in much else. She was the second tallest next to the overendowed Amy. The others weren't to be ignored, nor did they command attention.

Amanda gawked at them all with a vivid bulge in her pants. While it was a delight to shrink Amy and be the giant, that was a temporary love, where being dwarfed by her girlfriend, in near-every capacity, would never fade. And now she was surrounded by similar sized women, albeit without the added equipment. It was heaven.

"Name's Amy. This is Amanda."

"Hey," one said. She had a gothic aesthetic, though her smile radiated warmth, possibly because her skin lacked any colour of its own, "I'm Brie. This is Nicole," she gestured to largest breasted Amazon, "Kate," then to the broad hipped one, "And that's Lily." She nodded at the one with massive areolae.

"Nice to meet you," they all said. Amy got the names of the others, but they didn't talk much. It wasn't hard to discern that the ones Brie had introduced had experience in this setting, while the others were drafted for their ordinarily freakish height.

"I've seen you somewhere before," Nicole said, strutting forward, her mammoth chest jiggling as she did so. Braless? Amy wondered. It made sense, since getting one custom made for such a size would be expensive, and time consuming, "You were in Big Tits Monthly, weren't you?" She referred to a common porn magazine Amy appeared in, but it never showed anything below the waist.

"Yeah, I've got a shoot with them next week actually," Amy said.

"Me too. Dana said she'd got me a gig with another 'big girl', didn't think it'd be with you. Your boobs are amazing!" Nicole gushed.

"Thanks, yours look great too. Can't wait to play with them," Amy said, infusing her seduction into a playful smirk.

"Hey! Remember what we agreed; no fucking around unless I'm the 'around'," Amanda said, however her admonishment lacked any weight with her erection straining for release.

"You think I wouldn't invite you?" Amy giggled and picked her up, "We'll double team her."

"Don't I get a say," Nicole chuckled and flipped her long, blonde waves around.

"Nope," Amanda said and winked at her as she was set down with a parting kiss, then her eyes widened and her lips parted.

"Move," said a strong accented voice. The others all turned and shuffled aside, allowing the giant among giants to move through, despite there being plenty of space around them. Amy didn't move, however. Not out of astonishment or fear, no, her face shone like a child's might if Christmas and their birthday had merged together with Easter. It didn't matter that she had to crane her neck back to stare at the new arrival.

"I said 'move'." It was a Russian accent, one that befitted the Amazonian babe's low, husky voice. Her rack outdid even Amy's and, if that didn't grab the eye, the gorgeous locks of platinum hair would as it flowed across her shoulders and bosom. Like most fantasies of foreigners, she had all the makings of beauty. Luscious lips, dark framed pale blue, almost turquoise eyes and strong cheekbones, all pronounced with her minimal makeup. It was a vision of infallible beauty, yet one that begged to be sullied.

Amy stepped aside. Again, not out of fear. As the mystery Amazon passed, Amy studied her rear with all the focus of an artist painting their muse, committing each curve to memory. When the Russian disappeared from view, she turned to Amanda.

"Was it just me, or is she the hottest woman ever?" Amy asked.

"No, not just you," Amanda agreed, "And did you see her dick? Jesus, Amy, I think she might be bigger than you."

"Who was she anyway?" Amy postulated, eyes trained for any sight of the Amazon. Today already topped a long, long list by meeting half a dozen women as tall as her - and their being hot didn't hurt either - but finding someone greater than her in every visible way would be something she remembered for decades to come, longer if she managed to bed the stunning giantess, and forever if she got a few other Amazons to join in.

"That," Nicole said, "Was Yuri Vasiliev. She's been insanely popular since last year."

"Oh? When did she start?" Amanda asked.

"Last year," Nicole chuckled, "Doesn't hurt that she seems to be growing still. Shame that she's such a cold bitch."

"What do you mean?"

"That little display, that's just the tip of the iceberg that is that futa. She's taller than everyone, so she thinks she's above them. That old story. But we, me and Brie, have tried to be friends with her and she just shrugs us off. I even tried seducing the bitch. Did not go well," Nicole explained.

"Great," Amy sighed, "Now I want her more."

"Same," Amanda licked her lips, "Well, not like you won't get that big eventually." She added as a whisper. The thought of being that height, of standing double Amanda's height, towering over everybody regardless of whether they were an Amazon like herself, was both erotic and terrifying. Erotic, for obvious reasons, such as potentially having a cock the same size as her girlfriend's entire body, and terrifying because of how it enticed her. If she had the means to get that huge, what would stop her from going beyond?

Thoughts for later. The director approached with a clap of her hands, which made her blatant implants sway from side to side. She had a look of rapt adoration on her face as she stared up at the Amazons gathered around, and Yuri who stood off to the side. Amanda received an approving nod, but no more.

"Alright, ladies. And futanari. I'm Hera Stone, and we're going to be working to highlight your exalted heights, so we're going to have you staged with props to give comparisons. And that's also why we have this lovely, normal levelled madam here," Amanda gave a small wave, "The bigger you look, the better I say. Also, for you three," Hera gestured to the three futa Amazons present, "We might want some naughty shots of you, so be prepared."

Amy chose that moment to gauge Yuri's reaction to such a request. She had done plenty of nude photo shoots, not all sexual in nature, but she enjoyed showing off her body. Few things made her giggle like the reaction of an unprepared intern when they saw her breasts or cock. The same was untrue for Yuri.

Pale beauty blanched into a pallid horror at the statement. A hint of rose tainted her snowy cheeks and her piercing eyes descended on the floor, away from anyone else's gaze. By no perception was she excited for it, rather, she was terrified of it.

"We'll start with some Amazon-sized casual wear. Shirts, jeans etc. Then we'll move onto lingerie and swimwear. After that, we'll get to the juicy stuff," Hera said, either ignorant to Yuri's discomfort, or blocking it from her mind, "Alright let's get started."

Amy wasn't needed at first, so she approached the mountainous Russian. It wasn't simple curves that comprised her beauty, or her daunting height, but her musculature. Ripe biceps bulged across her arms, rigid beneath a lush layer of fat, and were mimicked by her thighs, each the size of a tree trunk. And yet, for all the dense mixture of softness and strength piled on her hulking frame, Yuri carried it all with ease.

Bitch or not, Amy lusted for her. She wouldn't let it show, not until she had broken through the icy exterior that only the mention of sex had so much as scratched. For now, she needed to strike up a conversation at least.

"So, how long have you been a model?"

"Three years," Yuri answered.

"Nicole said you started last year."

"I worked in Russia. Only started in America last year," Yuri said, her accent drenched her words in an exotic chocolate, one that made Amy crave to listen for hours on end.

"Still though, pretty surprised you didn't start when you were, like, sixteen or something. I bet you were a real beauty, even then."

Yuri said nothing that time, instead she glared at Amy like no one had before. But the glare hid something else, Amy noted. Perception was a fleeting skill of hers. Sometimes she could notice when Amanda gained, or lost, so much as a pound. Usually, however, she was blind to any subtle changes. Not this time. Nerves and excitement and intrigue danced behind Yuri's gaze.

"Okay, let's leave that alone. What about sex? I bet you've fucked dozens of women by now," Amy said, a knowing smirk on her face as she watched for Yuri's reaction.

"I-I... No, I haven't."

"Hmm, shame."

"Shame?"

"That you don't use that log of yours more often," Amy said.

"This 'log' has caused me many problems," Yuri growled.

"Oh, I get it. Bullied in school, couldn't get a relationship, so on and so forth."

"You've no idea what I've been through."

"Uh, yeah. I do. An idea, that is. Life sucks sometimes, but don't let yourself get hung up on it. Do that, and everything sucks. I got picked on for my body, now I'm a model," Amy shrugged, then thinned her eyes into lecherous slits, "Besides, I like my futa big."

Yuri glanced at Amanda, who was sat amongst the other Amazons in an oversized chair, as if she were doll among humans, "What about your girlfriend? She's not big like you or me."

"Oh, she's packing plenty," Amy said. Perhaps Yuri believed that she had been bullied in school - it was the truth, though she'd had plenty of excellent experiences as well - or maybe hinting at sex shook her a bit, regardless of the cause, her glare had lessened, "Wanna find out?"

"N-no," Yuri turned away, a stark blush creeping along her neck and into her cheeks, "Why're you talking to me anyway?"

"Because you're the tallest, hottest futa I've seen," Amy said, "So, I figured I'd get to know you a bit. Before stealing the spotlight that is."

"Pfft, and how do you intend to do that?" Yuri scoffed.

"Honey, you're a nervous wreck just from mentioning sex. I practically live in it," Amy smirked.

"Just because I'm not a whore, doesn't mean I can't deliver," Yuri said, defensive now.

"Neither am I. I just like it. You should try sticking your dick in someone. Preferably me."

"Stop it."

"Why?"

"It's... unclean."

"No, it's natural. I'm just flirting."

"Well stop it."

Amy sauntered to stand in front of her, then leaned forward so her straining shirt was forced to distend around her hanging tits, revealing an entire foot of cleavage. It was slight, but Yuri's crotch twitched at the view, "What'll you do if I don't?"

Yuri went silent and left Amy to realise she'd pushed too hard.

"Well, that was a bust."

She sat down in a chair far from Yuri's, who glanced in her direction on occasion, but her eyes remained fixed elsewhere. Amy sighed and watched the other models, waiting her turn. It was a joy to observe, however. The grin on Amanda's face, when she wasn't told to lose it, was as intoxicating as the heaviest beer or strongest ecstasy. Surrounded by Amazons with breasts the size of an average person's head, it was a miracle she hadn't popped an erection yet, much less groped someone.

Amy was called in alongside Yuri to hold the normal sized futa between them. They were given cocktail dresses, ones too short for futanari to wear, much less those two. She enforced every ounce of willpower not to gawk at Yuri's strained panties, which were pulled so far by her member that they revealed the base of it. The Russian seemed at ease for the moment, despite her frequent gulps and skittish glances. Determination darkened her eyes. Amy grinned for the shot and wondered how best to get through to this staggering beauty.

Several more shots and poses later, she was released. Yuri was modelling an assortment of upper-sized clothes, while Amanda tried on the same to comical effect. Hera reprimanded Amanda time and again for getting distracted, the cause of which was obvious to all except Hera it seemed; a keen bulge was at her side throughout most of the shoot.

"So, how'd the talk with Yuri go?" Amanda asked once she was relieved, the other Amazons coming in to do more group takes.

"Blew it," Amy said, "I might've flirted too much."

"No, you didn't. Just the right amount, I think," Amanda said.

"How'd you know?"

"Because she can't get her eyes off you. Either she wants to kill you, or she wants to fuck you. I bet if we tease her together, she'll be more than willing to give us a hands-on view of that cock," Amanda said, lust and determination alight in her eyes, echoed in the bulge pulsing to life within her designer pants. Just because the core reason for this shoot was to market for Amazons, didn't mean other brands couldn't sneak in. Amy was called in for her group takes.

Nicole welcomed her with open arms, squishing her enormous bosom into the futa's back as they worked to accentuate Amy's height, then used that to bring out Yuri's. Most of the Amazons, the inexperienced ones in particular, while perturbed by the ten-foot futa's coldness, couldn't tear their eyes from her. None but Amy, who caught Amanda's eye and nod.

She didn't break the pose as she sidled beside Yuri and laid a hand on her rear. The taller Amazon started but maintained her composure, eyes locked away from her temporary co-worker. None of the others paid any attention, even as Amy slid her fingers under Yuri's shirt to rake her nails along her back. Soft tremors trickled down the Russian's back. A muted sigh wheezed past her lips when Amy found a sweet spot.

The taller futa clapped her hands in front of her and assumed a powerful pose, like that of a mob boss performing a hit. Dense muscle strained the sleeves on her undersized shirt. The plan was for her to flex and tear it asunder while the cameras took it all in, though the cameras hadn't been set up yet. Amy decided to push and cupped her ass, silently admiring how strong it was underneath such a plush layer of fat. She stopped when the creak of cloth almost became a tear.

"Please stop," Yuri said.

"Stop what?" Amy said, hands behind her head as she stared up at the mountain of futa beside her.

"Trying to throw me off."

Amy blinked, then laughed, stopped and rolled her eyes, "What? Can't handle a little competition?"

"Shut up."

"Ooh, terrifying," Amy snickered. Playing the mean girl didn't suit her, and it showed. Her smile was easy-going on the worst of days, and she refused to frown for more than a few minutes at a time, even then only when she was confused by something. Negativity was something that plagued her early teens. Why let it infect her future too? For now, however, she needed to goad out some spark from Yuri. Bottling up emotions was unhealthy after all.

She glanced around and, seeing that everyone but Amanda was preoccupied, groped at Yuri's crotch. The Russian yelped, her voice a higher pitch than Amy thought possible, and swatted her hand away. But Amy had discovered all that she needed to solidify her desire.

"Jesus, that's big," Amy said. Sights can be deceptive and, despite having caught clear glimpses of it earlier, she hadn't understood just how enormous this Amazon was. It didn't dwarf hers, not the way that she might humiliate the average man, but it certainly left it wanting. 

"What is your problem?!" Yuri hissed, voice low to keep from attracting more attention.

Amy shook her desire loose and resumed her subpar persona, "It's called sabotage. You're the biggest futa here, can't have you hogging all the spotlight."

"That's 'sabotage'?" Yuri grumbled, her words trailing off into unintelligible murmurs. 'Ice water' and 'thumbtacks' surfaced, but the rest remained a mystery. That didn't stop Amy from reaching a conclusion. 

"Sorry about that," Amy said, "I can get pretty competitive."

"Oh, you haven't seen me yet," Yuri said, her pale eyes boiling as she leered down at the eight-foot Amazon, "Good news, I've decided to upstage you after all."

For the rest of the shoot, Yuri did everything in her power to overshadow Amy's presence. Whether it was adding a flex to a shot, or simply using her longer physique to block her from view, she kept everyone's eyes and adoration fixed upon her, like an attention starved goddess. She played along, but, in truth, Amy was as captivated by the display as the others. How couldn't she be?

The brief study she'd performed earlier became a thesis as she engraved each feature into her brain. Yuri's hair wasn't a simple platinum blonde, but had a silvery tone to it, one that stood out under the stage lights and, at its longest, fell to tickle the base of her spine like an arrow pointing to her ass. Oh, what an ass. It stood out like a shelf all its own, firm and round, yet the cheeks jiggled with her every step, which brought her hips into the limelight. Yuri had a wide frame befitting her height and musculature, and still her lower-body bellowed out past her shoulders, then flowed into her powerful thighs. They looked fit to crush melons.

It was with a heavy heart that Amy curbed her erection and continued with the shoot. This time, she was placed in front of Yuri, who stood so close their bodies were touching. As if something had snapped in her, the Russian had no qualms about resting her unfathomable breasts upon Amy's head, or mashing her pussy-destroying bulge into her back. Even from such a distance, her breasts cast a shadow across Amy's chest.

Even so, Amy wasn't to be ignored. She improvised the pose, using the stature of her rival to appear small and, therefore, cute and bashful. One arm stretched down her front in a meaningless effort to hide the bulge of her own member, half-erect from her shameless worship of Yuri's form, while showing how malleable her breasts were. The other hand was loosely clenched at her side, as if unsure of what to do. Hera adored it all.

Next came the risqué pieces. Amy smirked at Yuri, who, despite tensing in response, betrayed little emotion, even as they left to get changed. Once returned, Amy felt freedom. Joan had gone the extra mile to secure a set of lingerie that would fit her new body. Lace and silk worked together to both conceal and accent her curves. Her nipples poked through the bra, a vivid pink against the otherwise black garment, and her cock swung in a velvet sleeve, the kind that would sweat horribly after too long. And that was the point; it only made her musk stronger.
