 Author's Note: This is my very first story on here. I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing this. Any characters committing sexual acts are over 18. There will be more story available soon. Enjoy!

*****

Finally, it's spring break! After a long semester of classes, I can relax for a week and be my lazy self again. Just a few more minutes before my professor lets us out, and I'm home free.

Biology was fun and exciting but at this point I couldn't focus. I was looking forward to my time alone. My roommate, Kira, told me last week she was going to visit her family for the week, so naturally I got excited because I love to be alone, I can just think of all the things ...

"Amy? Are you there?" Kira mumbled as I came back to reality, "Stop zoning out, this is important stuff you're missing, the mid-term is coming up fast and we need to be extra prepared for this."

"Dude" I stated, "Don't worry, we can study over Skype and finish our report in no time, it's all easy stuff."

Kira looked at me like I was crazy, but that look went away once every one started to pack up. She picked he lab notes and neatly organized them in her bag. Kira was a neat freak, everything had to be organized and looking nice, even her notes looked really neat, like she drew every letter how it was supposed to look.

When we left the class, we immediately wanted to get to our dorm instead of our usual lunch routine at the coffee shop we first met at. It was both our senior year in high school, although we went to rival schools. I've been working as a Barista it this underground coffee shop that no one really knew about, it was never busy and I got tipped well. One night, a small jazz band was performing their set and the place was pact like never before. When my shift ended, I didn't want to go home just yet, I enjoyed their music and loved dancing to them. Dancing was my passion. While dancing, I accidentally tripped over Kira, who I didn't know yet.

"Oh my god, I'm so sorry!" I apologized.

"Don't sweat it" she said in a sweat tone, "I know it was an accident." I helped her up, her soft hands met mine and I pulled her to her feet. She stood at around 5'5'' and had unusually large breasts, 28G I found out later, for someone her size. I wasn't a lesbian but that's something you tend to notice. Her eyes were green but had certain glow to them almost. Her face looked perfect, and her hair was black, like dark black and it only complemented her lips even more.

"Oww!" she screamed.

"What's wrong, did I hurt you?"

"Well, I thing you sprained my ankle." She wobbled as she walked over to a booth.

"Aw, I feel so bad now." I told her as I sat down at the booth with her.

"I have to walk home tonight, too. I don't think I can make it without dying." I felt horrible, I was a good person, so what I said next only seemed to be the right thing.

"I can give you a ride! I drive."

"That would actually be really great, you look like a trust-able girl." She then winked at me but I didn't really pay attention. I helped her up and brought her to my car. I opened a door for her and then we were on our way.

Conveniently, she lived literally across the street from me, it was so weird. We started to hang out more after school until we became best friends.

Back in our dorm, Kira told me to make her a cup of coffee while she packed her bags. Getting out at 10 am on a Friday was a perfect time for coffee. So while that was brewing up, I helped her pack her bags and by noon she was all ready for her trip. She was visiting her grandparents in London so I had to drive her to the airport.

We left the dorm and Kira seemed excited, I mean I would be, too, if I were going to London. We got to my car and off we went. It was a calm ride with no traffic be we made it just in time. I parked my car close by and we said our goodbyes.

"I'm gonna miss you, Amy."

"It's going to be so lonely without you!"

"I'll be back Saturday night, it's only for a week."

And like that she kissed me on the check and left the car. I can feel her saliva on my face, like she intentionally wanted to give me big wet kiss. I watched her as she walked away and I can see her hips moving side to side, almost seductively. She stepped out of sight and I came back to reality, I felt my self getting turned on. Was it because of her? I was probably just excited to be alone.

I was hungry. I wanted to get a bite to eat, so I went down to Taco Bell and ordered so many burritos. I figured it's a nice warm day outside, I should spend it in the park. I hurried to get my food and went to my favorite park. It was nice a quiet, it had a lot of trees, almost like a forest. I loved getting lost in there, and I had my own secret spot, too.

When I arrived at my spot I laid out my blankets and began to eat. It felt good to eat after a long morning. The sun felt nice and after finishing two burritos, I laid down on my soft blanket, taking in the sunlight. I thought this would be a perfect time to do my yoga. I knew I was completely alone so I took my clothes off only to reveal my bra and my panties, the perfect workout clothes.

I began doing my stretches. I was very flexible, I could twist my body in ways that would hospitalize most people. After a calm hour or so of yoga, I felt the urge to pee. Badly. I wasn't entirely comfortable with peeing out side but I didn't see any other options. I removed my panties and squatted in the bushes. I felt the relaxing stream exit my body and something about being outside gave be a naughty feeling. My pee seemed to go on forever but I liked how it felt.

Seemingly just out of nowhere, a dog came from behind me and without warning, it bit my leg. It scared the hell out of me. He then ran off.

I was shocked at what just happened. I was now extremely aroused, my legs all soaked in my pee, and a weird feeling in my stomach. Maybe just too much Taco Bell. But one things for sure, I was as horny as ever. I slowly rubbed my pussy and I found my clit swollen to about the size of my fingertip. It felt intense as I rubbed myself. I laid down on my blanket to get more comfortable, I unhooked my bra and stared at my average sized tits. My nipples were just as erect as my clit. I used one hand to massage my breast while I finger myself with the other.

A big wave of pleasure hit me as I was nearing an orgasm. I took my boob and brought my nipple to my lips, I sucked away as I massaged the other breast. When it was time to cum, I came hard, soaking my blanket and my jeans in my girl cum. Unable to think at the moment, I passed out.

About an hour later, I woke up. Extremely relaxed, I put on my wet clothes and headed back home. When I got back to my dorm, I noticed just about everyone was leaving for the break, which is great because I don't want to see people. I got inside and decided to take a nice warm shower and wash this piss and cum off me.

It felt nice to shower, the warm water gently beating on my skin. My dark red hair soaking in the water while my hands feel up my body with body wash. But for once I wasn't feeling horny today. I was more tired if anything. I quickly rinsed off and put on my fresh underwear.

This was my special underwear, though. My bra was custom made to be black on my left boob and red on my right. It was super comfortable. My red panties hugged my ass tight and would even form to match the shape of my pussy. I put them on and headed to my bed where I can catch some Z's.

I noticed my clit was still swollen, maybe bigger than before, but I didn't put any thought to it and just like that I was sleeping.

In my dream, I saw Kira, but she was hanging out with some other girl. For some reason, this got me jealous. Like in a way that I was attracted to her and I couldn't have her. I wanted to yell out. "Kira!" I shouted. "Hey!" but it was no use, I saw her kiss the other girl on the lips and that made me cry, I don't know why because I wasn't a lesbian. I instantly felt my area get aroused and I saw Kira and the girl walk over to me and they leaned in and licked my pussy. We were all naked now and both of them went to town down there. It made me scream. The other girl stood up and that's when I recognized her, she was our lab partner.

She stood up and grabbed her crotch but when I looked, she had a massive cock, and she leaned it over to my face and gave one big thrust.

I woke up feeling very turned on from my dream. I looked at my phone. 6am. Looks like my day is now starting. I pulled my covers off and looked over in front of me a saw something that made me scream.

Under my covers, there was a giant cock seemingly attached to me, peeking out the side of my panties. I didn't know if I was dreaming or what, but I was freaked out. The giant cock didn't look as if it was a human cock, though, but it looked familiar. It looked like a dog's cock.

I sat there for maybe 10 minuets just staring at the thing. It was huge! There was a red color to it, but at the bass of my new penis, there was an apparent sheath it was sticking out of. It looked furry, but not like my pubic, but more like soft dog fur. It didn't seem to go flaccid. After a while, I got the idea to touch it, and with my first touch, I gasped!

"Ahhh!!" I felt a shock wave of pleasure erupt all over my body, my mind was spinning, and I could feel my cock pulse with every heartbeat. My cries quickly turned to moans when I touched it more. After freaking out for a few minuets, and a few touches, I noticed it would all ways bounce back toward me.

This is fun, I thought to myself. I wrapped my hand around it and immediately I felt its warmth, it was soft, and my sheath was even softer. I slowly started pushing my dog cock to my bed and I let go.

SMACK!

I felt it race up and slam right on my stomach. The narrow tip slightly grazed the bottom of my bra. I looked down my body and saw a string of what I think is pre cum connecting my belly to my tip. I looked at the clock, 6:30, I better make coffee!

I rolled to the side of my bed and sat at the edge. My new member was sticking strait up, around 10 or 11 inches, but I can see it slowly shrinking. I stood up and felt a tug on my panties. They were stretching way too tight so I decided to slip them off. When they passed my cock I felt it bounce again. I giggled. But then I saw something else.

"I have balls!?" I said out loud. They were also covered in dog fur. I felt around down the to see what they felt like. They were big, probably the size of golf balls. It felt really nice. Eventually, I found myself massaging them and my dick started to grow again.

I can get used to this, I thought. While standing up, I walked over to the kitchen and made my coffee like normal. Having a cock was fun, the way it jiggles back and forth as I walk, up and down, I made my way to the bathroom because I had to pee.

I didn't realize it at first, but I had no vagina to pee out of, and I stood there confused for a while. How do I pee with this? Then I got an idea. I got in the shower, and pointed my cock downward as much as I could with it being erect. I tried my best to empty my kidneys and out it came. I felt a warm stream coming from inside my cock that gave me chills, it felt so amazing. I was relaxed too much that I accidentally let go and cock was bouncing up and down, squirting piss everywhere, it was exhilarating.

When I finally stopped, I saw how messy I was. Since I was in the shower already, I unhooked my bra, tossed it outside, and turned to water on. The water was very warm and sensitive on my skin. It ran down my body and really got me going.

I was extremely turned on right now, but this time it was different. I looked down at my doggy member and found she had a mind of her own. I was humping the air without realizing it. I guided my hand to the tip and slowly stroked the length of my shaft, my hand couldn't wrap around it. Waves of pleasure hit me. I wanted more. I started to stroke my dick faster, each time better than the last. Before I know it I felt my hang pumping my cock while humping my own hand.

I was now feeling an intense pleasure building up, greater with every stroke. I notice that at the base of my cock, just above my sheath, at the base of my cock, it was becoming swollen. Getting bigger by the second, it looked as big as a baseball.

Next, I felt an orgasm coming. And I started to stroke faster and faster. My moans were short in breath, and the it happened. I was cumming. Squirt after squirt, I couldn't stop moaning. There was a lot of cum. Hitting the wall and washing down to my feet. I was breathless. I thought this moment wouldn't stop.

When it was all over, I ungripped my cock and it felt sore. The huge bulge at the base was still there and there was cum on my hand, but I didn't notice it when I went to go wipe my mouth. It was delicious but caught me off guard. I brought my hand up to my face and began licking.

I felt my tongue on my hand and it felt like a dogs tongue when they lick you. It extended farther than usual and had more agility. When there was no more cum on my hand, I smelled that the coffee was ready and turned the water off. I got out of the shower and dried myself. My cock was still swollen, why was that?

I walked out of the bathroom, my cock was stiff and bobbing around, and went to turn the TV on and pour me a cup of coffee. It smelled amazing. Did my sense of smell become that of a dog's, too? I sat on the couch and started to relax.

After finishing my coffee and an episode of How I Met Your Mother, I look down and saw my dick slowly shrinking. It was sexy to watch, it shrunk down to about three inches and crawled up inside my sheath. Now it was just sitting there, resting on top of my big, juicy looking balls. The fur around them was all black and soft to touch.

Suddenly, I felt the need to clean myself down there, but I just showered. Then the thought of how dogs always lick themselves popped in my head. I definitely was flexible enough to reach down there but was I going to? My cum was delicious, after all. The urge grew and I thought why not, so I laid down on my side and began to move my face closer to my crotch. Just inches away and my back wasn't as strained as it normally is when I attempted to lick my pussy sometimes.

When I was face to face with my balls, I stuck out my dog tongue and give them a lick. It was wet and I could taste even more cum in my fur. This was awesome, I thought, as I started to lick more and more, putting pressure on my sheath with my new dog tongue. I never stretched this far before, especially with such ease. And just like that, I saw my doggy cock poke its way out of its home and the nice red tip was slowly finding its way in my mouth.

Watching my cock grow and grow, the bright red tip was tickling my cheek as I licked my balls clean. I decided to now move on to my growing shaft. I licked the length of my cock, up and down, then I put my mouth on my tip. I could taste my left over cum inside my cock, now oozing with pre cum, I was in my own world now, lapping at my own dick, humping my face, looking at my balls jiggle. But suddenly, I heard a knock at the door.