 Author's Note: This is part II of my very first story on here. I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing this. Any characters committing sexual acts are over 18. There will be more story available soon. Enjoy! This is a futanari story, by the way. 

***** 

"Knock knock," I heard a familiar voice from my front door. 

"Shit!" I said, "Just a minute." I was completely naked and my cock was rock hard. Someone was waiting at the door. I had an idea, I'll just hide it with jeans. 

I made my way to my bedroom to get dressed, but as I grabbed my underwear, my cock was shrinking back in my body. Oh, hehehe, that takes care of that! 

I finished dressing and I opened the door to see Angela, my lab partner in Physics. She looked empty, but that's how she always looks. "Hey, Angela" I said, "What's going on, Are you okay?" 

"I'm just excited we're on break," she responded, "but all my friends left last night without me." Angela walked right in without asking and poured herself a cup of coffee. "We all made plans together, but nobody told me where to meet and even my roommate ditched me." She looked sad, I locked the door and went to hug her. 

"It's alright, you still have me." I said. She was slightly shorter than me. I can smell her her hair, the shampoo that she used. Almost like instinct, I licked her forehead. 

"Um, did you just lick me?" she giggled. I didn't know what to say, this never happened to me before. I felt my face getting red. Oh, no! I thought, she's looking right through my soul. Without any warning, she licked me back on the cheek. She giggled again. 

We stared at each other, I could only see one of her eyes because her hair covered the other, but it was beautiful, dark green. When she lifted her hair, I saw the other eye. It was blue. Oh my god, were here eyes gorgeous. I could get lost. She was smiling at me now, so I decided to say something that would ease this tension. 

"Do you like coffee?" I said uncomfortably. Boy, do I sound smart right now. She laughed at my statement. "I mean, umm.. do you" She stopped me before I could finish. 

"I do." She interrupted, then she kissed me on the lips. My mind exploded. Her lips were soft and warm, I definitely didn't see this coming. She pulled back though after about 10 seconds. My heart was racing. 

"Wha.. Whaat did you do that for?" I asked her. 

"I'm sorry" Angela said, "I.. just thought for a second... I should go." She looked like she was getting sad. Her big sad eyes were melting me right now. The way she shyly put her head down to walk past me. Her hair covering her face. But right when her back was facing me and walking away, I knew I had to do something. 

"Oh, no you don't!" I said as I hugged her from behind. I felt her boobs a little, they feel a lot bigger than they look under her jacket. I can tell I caught her off guard because she let out a quick high pitched noise. "You aren't going anywhere, young lady." 

I heard her cute giggle again. "Oh" she laughed, "what are you going to do?" I was still hugging her and that's when I remembered that thing between by legs. 

Shit! I thought, I was starting to feel myself get a boner. I feel it growing slowly in my pants. 

"Will you wait here?" I said, "I have to go to, uh..." 

"No" she said. She turned around, took her jacket off, and holy cow, her body was nice. Perfect in every way. I was staring in aw and I must have blanked out for sometime, I snapped out of my trance when I heard her speak. 

"Hey, what's that in you pants?" She asked curiously. 

"Oh, uh, nothing! If you'll excuse me." I tried to walk past her but she grabbed my arm and started laying on the floor, bringing me with her, but unfortunately I was now on top of her. 

I was feeling pretty turned on right now. Angela started kissing me again, this time we were making out, and I could feel my cock pushing against her leg. "Alright" she said, breaking our kiss, "What's going on in your pants." 

I pulled away and looked at her. "Okay, can you keep a secret?" She got out from under me and sat crisscross on the floor. 

"Yes" she giggled lightly. 

"Good" I said. "So, this morning, when I woke up, I noticed these changes happening to my body." She was paying attention but I saw her take her shirt off. 

"Go on" she said. 

"Well, first, I should show you my tongue, it's been turned into a dogs tongue, and I don't know why." I stuck out my tongue and she looked in amazement. 

"I thought your tongue felt funny." she stated, "what else changed, what's in your pants." She looked more curious than ever. I was contemplating on telling her and I felt nervous. I knew I would have to say it. 

I was mumbling my words, getting tongue tied. My heart was going to explode. But without warning, she pushed me on the floor and started undoing my jeans. "Please" I cried, "Please don't be upset, I really want to do this but I don't know if you'll want to ..." I drifted off. She gave me a kiss on my lips then proceeded to remove my pants. 

"Holy shit!" she screamed, "It's .. It's" her mind was blown. Right there, right in front of her was a fully erect, bright red, 11 inch dog cock, attached to me. She didn't know what to do. 

"I tried to warn you," I said, "you can leave now." 

"Leave?" she exclaimed, "why would I leave, you're like, it's so beautiful." She took my pants off all the way then started poking at my cock, making it move back and forth. 

"You mean" I replied, "you like it?" 

"Like it?" she said, "I love it! It's like my wildest fantasy to have sex with a half human, half animal hybrid. And now that I know it's you, I mean, I kind of have a crush on you already, but I'll never let you go!" she mumbled on some more. 

My eyes opened wide, I couldn't believe what she was saying. "Whoa, whoa, whoa" I stopped her, "Who said anything about sex, and I'm not a lesbian, I can't have a girlfriend, I haven't even had a boyfriend" 

And just like that, her face went back to that cute sad look, her eye that wasn't covered was starting to water. "But, we already kissed" she cried, "you said you wanted to do this." I knew I messed up now, here, was the most gorgeous girl I've never payed much attention to ever, and I knew I hurt her feelings. 

"I didn't mean it like that" I tried to explain, "what I mean is, uh, we should take things slow." As soon as I said that, she lifted her face, and wiped her tears away. I knew how I could cheer her up right now. So I leaned forward, and liked her with my doggy tongue. 

She let out her cute giggle then jumped at me, hugging me and pinning me to the ground. Our bodies were squishing my cock and I could her rubbing against it. Making me feel even hornier, but I knew we shouldn't. At least not yet. 

"Hey, Amy" she said, interrupting our make out session, "If you want, we can go on a little date right now?" 

"What do you mean? And where?" I asked. 

"Well, I wanted to go to the movies today, and that's actually why I came over in the first place." She said, she was asking me in a cute and shy manner, like she was asking me out. Except, that's what she was doing, and that's when it hit me. 

Oh my god, we're dating now! My eyes stared at her. "I'd love to go, but I'm low on gas." 

"Well, we can walk." she said, blushing like she was going to explode. But all of a sudden, we heard thunder go off and heavy rain pouring outside and on the roof. 

"What the hell?" I said. This caught us both off guard. "I suppose walking is out of the question now." 

I wanted to go out with her but right now, Angela looked like she just wanted to spend time with me. "Um, do you thing we could get dressed though, it's starting to get cold." 

I was only wearing a T-shirt and she was only wearing pants at this point. Angela looked at my dick and said, "Because I like you, we can take things slow." She rubbed it goodbye and that's when shivers ran through my body. It nearly brought me to the floor. She giggled again. 

"Perhaps we don't need to cover up all the way." I said, "we could just cuddle in my bed." I was starting to get really horny and I wanted to cum. 

"OKAY!" Angela screamed, I took her hand and led her to my room. I saw her get fully undressed after we were in my room, then she shut the door, walking toward me seductively. She pushed me down on the bed with her and started to make out with me, but it was different, I felt her tongue trying to play with my tongue, she was french kissing me. 

I decided that I would stick my tongue in her mouth, but I think I caught her off guard. It flew into her mouth like how dogs lick you, and I kept licking her like that. She seemed to like it because she was pressing on my mouth harder. 

Angela started undressing me, and soon, both of us were completely naked. "Angela?" I said, "I hope you're ready." Then, I flipped her over so I was on top, and the weight of my cock fell on her stomach. I couldn't take it any more, my balls were filling up, and my doggy dick was begging to me. 

I positioned my self so that the narrow head my my cock was lightly touching her hairless pussy. Angela smiled at me, "Only if you're ready." I kissed her to show her my compassion and I slowly slid into her tight opening. Both of us moaned, going in felt like the best thing in the world right now. I fit six inches in her, not knowing how far to go. 

When I slid out of her, I could feel her pussy sucking at my cock, not wanting her to leave. And almost like instinct, I started to hump her. I wasn't going fast at first because I was trying not to hurt my new girlfriend but the beast inside me took over. I was picking up the pace and I could see Angela was enjoying this. 

Before I knew it, I was shoving all 11 inches in and out of her and my balls were slapping her pussy with every thrush. She was moaning like crazy know. She reached out to bring my body closer to hers and wrapped her legs around me. 

Now humping faster and faster, I felt her pussy get tighter and tighter, a pressure was building at the base of my cock. "Holy shit!" I screamed, I could feel I was close. It was getting more difficult to take my cock out. 

"I'm ganna cum!" Angela said. 

"Nhh, me too!" I felt her juices flow passed my cock and squirting out. I rammed my cock in as far as I could, making her gasp for air. 

I felt my self cumming inside her, ramming her with every pulse, trying to bury myself in her. My cock felt incredibly tight. My orgasm was more intense than this morning. 

After Angela caught her breath, she smiled at me and kissed me on the nose. "Good dog." She said out of breath. I noticed myself panting. I stopped, all embarrassed, when I became aware. 

"Um, Angie?" I said, "I can't pull out, I'm stuck." I tried to take my cock out again, but this time it made her moan. I couldn't get out. 

"You feel so warm inside me." She said, "Your penis is so big." 

I smiled at her. "Well, since I'm suck, we might as well make out some more." 

"You like kissing?" She said with her usual giggle. I saw that she breathing faster. "I think I'm having another orgasm." I tried humping her as best I could but all I could feel are my balls hitting her. She was moaning hard again and was enjoying this. 

I put my mouth on her mouth while her eyes were closed and she took the air right out of my mouth. She was a great kisser, and she loved playing with my dog tongue. We tried rolling over. This was a better position. I could see her breasts jiggle over mine, our nipples rubbing against one another. 

After around thirty minuets, we were still making out, but I forgot I was stuck in her pussy and I heard a pop. I looked at my dick and saw it fall out, along with all of our cum. I was now a mess. "Umm." I told Angela. 

She crawled off me and stood up. She looked like she could barely walk so she sat back down. "That was amazing." she said, "How does it feel to have my virginity?" She moved her hair out of her face to look at me in full. A sat up next to her, holding her. 

"How does it feel to have mine?" I lightly said. I licked her face and we laughed. "Do you want any coffee?" I asked. She smiled at me. 

"Yes, please." 

I got up, and it looked like she wanted to follow. I held out my hand. We walked to the living room and she went to sit on the couch and I guess she figured out how to work my entertainment system because I heard the sound of my PS2 starting. 

I walked over to her with two coffee mugs. She looked at me and said, "Why is you penis so small now?" 

"Shut up!" I laughed, I put the mugs on the coffee table and snuggled up next to the most amazing girl ever. "I have to Skype with Kira today to work on our project, she's also my roommate, so... we may need to get dressed, if that's okay?" 

"I know Kira." Angela said, "she's in my calculus class. And plus, I always see you two around campus, I've been kind of jealous of her." 

"Aww, it's alright, I'm with you, remember?" I said, squeezing her. Out of no where, I had the urge to clean myself, again. "Um, I hope you don't think I'm weird, but I need to clean myself." 

"What do you mean?" She asked me, "Like shower?" 

"Well, kinda." I said with a grin, "You'll see." I felt comfortable around Angela already, I know she won't make fun of the things I do because we're both dweebs. 

"Oh my god!" She said, "That's impressive!"