 Chapter two - Magic in the Making

Amy gasped audibly. She stared at Jane's deep blue eyes. The brunette's face was calm, almost stoic, and dead serious. Had she really just suggested that they tried the so-called "spell"? The "spell" that was basically a lesbian fuckfest? Her heart was beating so loud she swore she could feel it in her throat. She could feel her palms starting to sweat. Not to mention the dampness in her panties starting to expand. 

"What?" She asked, trying very hard to feign outrage. Every nerve ending in her body was pretty sure this was a gift, but she wanted to make one-hundred percent sure that her friend was not joking, or too drunk to make sense before she even started to attempt to try out the "spell". 

Jane looked at Amy, dead serious. She framed Amy's face with her soft hands, caressing her cheeks gently. "I mean it. Ames, you have always been my partner in crime. You are the only person in the world I can dare to go anywhere, do anything with me. It's not that I believe in the hocus pocus part of it. All my life, I've loved history. And this would be like... living history."

Jane approached Amy's face softly but decisively and planted her lips on her friends. Amy moaned into the kiss, giving Jane a chance to slowly prod her lips open and dart her tongue in, slowly deepening the kiss. Amy reacted by pulling Jane towards her and hungrily drinking from her mouth, tasting the aged scotch. She placed a hand on Jane's hips and started toying with the waistband of her jeans, and then to gently caress the creamy skin under her tee. Now it was Jane's turn to start moaning softly into her mouth. 

Jane pulled out of the kiss, and Amy groaned with displeasure. She smiled adorably at Amy, who now wondered if she was more drunk with all the alcohol she had consumed or with that wonderful kiss. 

"First things first," said Jane, finally. "The spell calls for a naked female virgin and a drunken female in heat. If we let it go too far, it won't be long before I won't fit category A anymore."

Amy laughed. She realize how incredibly easy and comfortable this whole thing was turning out to be and wondered why they had never "attempted a spell" before. "Well, maybe we can just skip the part where I try to turn you into a dude and--"

"Are you kidding?," Jane protested. "When I started reading that page, the moment I was done, all I could do was think about how it would feel to go through the whole thing with you. Sure, I'm drunk and horny as hell, but I've waited twenty-two years to lose my virginity. I think an hour here or there won't kill me."

"Might kill me," teased Amy. "Okay Janey, I'm in. I'm very, very in." She gave the brunette a flirty smile. "I believe the first ingredient is a naked virgin, so...one naked virgin, please!"

They had seen each other naked before, although they had never thought anything of it. Amy realized that she had never paid real attention to Janey's deliciously curvy body and all of a sudden could not wait to revisit all those old, familiar places. 

Before Jane could say or do, anything, Amy lifted her shirt over her head and out of her arms, so that her friend was suddenly just wearing a bra and jeans. Then she helped her up and hugged her to her, guiding her hands to the bra clasp that was keeping her breasts prisoners. Her nerveless fingers battled with the clasp until it came undone at the third try. Then, with one fluid motion, she removed the garment, unveiling a pair of stunning and perky breasts. 

She couldn't resist the temptation at the sight of them and all of a sudden her mouth swooped in and caught a nipple in her mouth. Jane gasped at the touch and threw her head back moaning which Amy found so erotic she realized she would have to throw out her panties. She very delicately started to suckle at her nipple rather than just flicking, knowing how good it felt for her. She used one of her hands to pull Jane to her while the other one was busy undoing the fly of her jeans. 

"Okay, Ames, enough." Jane begged. "I really am this close to just throwing the plan out and just asking you to take me right here. I think I'll just take my the rest off by myself."

She quickly took off the rest of her clothes. Amy took in her friend's tight body greedily. Jane had played soccer in college and she had an athlete's body: curvy and tight but still soft and inviting. Her pussy was not bare like her own, but rather carefully landscaped into a tight little jet black triangle she couldn't wait to feel along her lips. She longed to roam along her figure with her mouth so much she let out a sigh. 

"Wow, Janey. I'm really glad you never skipped soccer practice. I'm about to reap the benefits."

Jane blushed so hard, even her tits reddened. They both started giggling. Amy decided that even though there wasn't a specific request for her to be naked anywhere in the spell, she did not want her clothes standing in her way one more second longer. She was wearing a tube top and a short skirt with no bra and only her panties. She kicked off her high heels with a fluid motion and unzipped her skirt, which was promptly lying around her ankles. Before she knew, she was standing in front of Janey wearing only her tube top and a very, very damp pair of panties. 

Jane knelt before Amy and started lowering her panties in a deliberately and painfully slow motion. Amy realized that Jane was enjoying the effect she was having on her, but she was very much past caring. Jane continued pulling down on her garment until her shaven pussy was fully uncovered. She then started softly blowing on her pulsating slit, driving her crazy. 

"Jane!" Amy cried out instinctively placing her hands on Jane's shoulders to steady herself. As a response, Jane planted her lips fully on the glistening mound and began to suck it, very, very slowly. 

Amy couldn't help herself and she started bucking against Jane's face. She wanted her, she wanted her so badly she felt she would just pass out from desire. That's why it took every ounce of self control to push away from her. She know the entire ritual was important to Jane and as much as she wanted to start the fuckfest, Jane would have to be first. A concept that wasn't exactly unappetizing to her. 

Amy removed her top as soon as she regained her breath and helped her friend to her feet. Jane looked in the direction of the pull-out couch and Amy smirked. Without a work they both quickly converted the couch into a bed. And for their money, it was the most inviting bed either of them had ever seen. 

"Okay, now what?" asked Amy, eager to get the show started. 

"Well, you have to read the spell out to me," replied Jane as she laid back on the bed. "And then..."

"Yeah, I know what comes next, friend," teased Amy. "You. You will. Because I will. Fuck. You. Senseless". 

Jane let out a soft moan and Amy quickly picked up the book. She couldn't wait to get started. She found the words and started reading them out loud again, putting every ounce of want and need into them as she possibly could. 

"Woman or man, Adam or Eve, Of you I will always need, sometimes of your love, sometimes of your seed and always that need you'll feed."

"Both made of clay, women and men molded again, Let only the shape of you be changed"

Jane breathing was hard and rapid, her chest heaving up and down. She spread her legs and shot a look at Amy. "Do it now, Ames. I need you to take me from virgin to plain bitch in heat," she said, quivering with need. 

Amy did not need any further invitation than that. She eagerly climbed on the bed and straddled Jane. The instructions read that she had to "drink of her mouth", so she immediately swooped in and placed her lips on Jane's so hard that she emitted a little yelp of surprise. Jane's mouth parted and Amy quickly inserted a hungry tongue inside her friend's mouth, tasting every inch of her. She entwined her tongue with her friend's and massaged hard, in a deliriously delicious motion. Her hands started roaming all over Janey's body as she was kissing her with the most wanton need she'd ever felt. 

She took her lips from Jane's mouth to her left earlobe. She knew her friend so well that she knew that was her most sensitive point in her entire body, at least as far as Jane herself was aware. She flicked at it with her tongue and she felt Jane's body tense underneath her. 

"That feels amazing, sweetie..." was all Jane could muster before Amy started sucking at her earlobe again. 

"If you think that feels good you have never had your pussy eaten out, baby. This is nothing compared to that."

She positioned herself between her friend's legs, intending on letting her know the fine pleasure of dry humping before she ate her out. She suspected that Jane's sexual knowledge didn't even extend that far. All she'd had were disappointing groping sessions that usually ended with an idiot nerd creaming his pants before he could even start to attempt to get her off. All of a sudden, it became a mission to her to make sure Jane had a mind-blowing orgasm. 

"Okay sweetie," she purred in her ear. "I'm going to start humping you hard. Can't drink from down there until you have actually released something for me to lap up now, can I?"

Jane nodded, her whole body a pile of pure need. Amy spread Jane's legs and pulled them around her waist. Jane locked her legs around her, pulling Amy into the furnace of her cunt. Amy moaned at the contact. She had never dry-humped another woman and now she realized that this might actually do something for her as well. However, Jane was her main objective. It was all about getting her off. 

She started lowering her pelvis into Jane's cunt, slowly and meticulously, while Jane instinctively started pulling her towards her heat. Amy started to feel the moisture gather at the entrance of her friend's pussy lips and she knew she was on the right track. She swooped in to grab one of her perky nipples and trap it in her mouth. 

"Ooooh, fuck!" Jane cried out in shock. 

This sent Amy to the next level and she knew she needed to speed up the pace. "Buckle up, honey. We're shifting gears."

Suddenly she started to dry hump Janey with a speed and purpose of a pro. She started thrusting hard and fast while Jane returned her every thrust greedily. Her pelvic bones were sinking into the brunette's with every motion, creating a deliriously good friction. 

Her own pussy was swollen and throbbing. She could feel her own clit rubbing against Jane's and the feeling was so raw she felt she couldn't take it all in. She grabbed at Jane's hips and started working her pussy into her own, accelerating the pace to a rhythm that felt like could not go on for much longer. 

"Oh God, oh Ames, oh, yeah, right there! More, please, more! Right the fuck there. Oh, yeah, baby, you are going to make me cum so hard!"

Jane's breasts were jumping in response to every single one of Amy's trusts. The blonde was very much on the verge of her own orgasm. Every time their impossibly engorged clits met, every single nerve ending send waves of impossible pleasure. 

"Cum for me, sweetie. Oh, fuck, your sweet pussy is making me cum! Oh, Janey!"

"Ugh... Uhnn... I. Can't. Hold. On..."

"Uhnnnnnn!"

Jane threw back her head and started exploding into a mind-blowing orgasm. "Fuuuuuuuck! Yes! Oh, Yeah!"

This threw Amy into her own potent climax. She felt herself gushing into her friend's pussy. 

Amy collapsed onto Jane's chest and heard her heart pounding so hard she thought it would burst out of her chest. She quickly disengaged from her and pulled her into a deep embrace. Jane buried her face into Amy's boobs while Amy gently undid Janey's ponytail and softly stroked her hair. "Shh, shh. It's okay sweetie. I got you."

"Oh, wow, Ames, that was... I seriously have no words." Said Jane into Amy's chest. "If this is an orgasm then I had been fooling myself when I masturbated." 

Amy didn't reply and just pulled her friend into a tight embrace, the same kind that she had pulled her into a million times before. She wanted Jane to catch her breath for the next part. 

Amy had never eaten out a woman. She'd never even considered that she would one day do anything close to that. However, she'd had it done to her many times and she had always been very specific about the correct way to do it. She had never been shy about shouting out instructions to clumsy lovers who bought into the myth of just setting up camp on the clit and just madly, erratically twirling around their tongues until they tired and decided that that should be enough for a woman to climax. 

She started the way that she would have wanted a guy to start. She very slowly and tentatively started running her dripping tongue all about the folds of the pussy, teasing every nook and cranny way before she even thought of going to the clit, or into the pulsating black hole of need that seemed to be clamoring for attention. Jane threw back her head, placed her hands squarely on Amy's shoulders and abandoned herself to the teasing, enjoying the delicate, velvety feel of her tongue. She purred with immense pleasure and soon she started grinding herself into her friend's face, almost gently, reaching a comfortable and precise rhythm. Amy dug her fingers into either side of of Jane's hips and started pulling her in, matching every stroke with a slightly building sense of urgency. She was relishing the anticipation of the moment when the actual onslaught started. 

Without much warning, she proceeded to start rubbing her well-lubricated tongue on Jane's reddened and engorged clit. This took her friend by surprise and she both yelped and pushed her entire pelvis upwards, briefly lifting Amy with it. She started stroking the swollen clit relentlessly, with long, elegant strokes, almost as if she was running her tongue along the length of a dick. It was like taking in a deliciously salty ice cream cone and she intended to finish it. Jane was panting heavily and urgently, her pelvis pushing itself into Amy's face, with mounting need for release. 

"Amy, Oh, Amy..." Jane managed to cry out between her little sobs of pleasure. "Oh, God, please keep going. It's so fucking good... It's better that anything I have ever... Ugh, fuck, what are you doing to me?"

Amy starting feeling Jane's juices drip out of her hole, drenching her opening. She knew what was next. All this prepping was almost over. It was time to finally give her friend the release that she knew could only come from penetration. "Okay Jane," she said as she started to slowly rub the edges of her opening with the fleshy pad of her thumb. "I think it's really time to take care of that pesky virginity problem of yours." 

Jane pushed herself up on her elbows and stared at her smirking friend. "Go for it," she panted, her own smirk forming on her face. "If I'm not ready right now, I'll never be."

Without breaking eye contact with her friend, Amy started slowly pumping her thumb in and out of Jane's pussy. She felt her friend's inner muscles suddenly contract around her thumb and she heard her gasp. "How does that feel, sweetie?" She asked. 

"Tight!" Jane exclaimed between clenched teeth. "But in a good way!"

Amy had always suspected that the reason that a woman's first sexual experience with a man tended to be so painful was because of the obvious need men have to impale themselves into their lovers. Even the best-intentioned, most sensitive guys seemed unable to contain themselves after a few moments and their impatience tended to ruin the moment. Luckily, that was one problem Amy wouldn't have. She wanted to make this a truly memorable and pleasurable experience for Jane and she had all the time in the world. 

She gently continued her pumping, occasionally swooping in to placate Jane's slit and clit. Her friend started relaxing into the rhythm and after a while started driving herself into Amy, until she had accepted all of her thumb. 

"Still feeling good, baby?" she asked, needing to make sure before moving on to the next phase. 

"Uh huh," grunted Jane. She was obviously starting to feel the need for more. Her face was contorted into a concentrated frown, little beads of sweat already forming on her forehead. 

Amy quickly changed positions. She climbed on Jane, who moaned in displeasure as her thumb popped out. In one fluid motion she pulled Amy into an embrace and pulled her towards her, until they were on their sides, facing each other. She was kind of amazed at the way they both seemed to fit together like damp puzzle pieces. 

She started a hungry, prodding kiss, allowing Jane to taste herself in her mouth. With one of her hands, she started stroking the nape of Jane's neck while the other one was exploring the curve of her ass. Jane was completely lost in pleasure, moaning and grinding into Amy with mad desire. Amy took her hand and placed it between Jane's thighs, positioning her index and middle fingers at at her opening. Instead of plunging into Jane, she just slid in slowly, letting Jane's juices and her inner muscles do most of the work. 

Jane grunted and practically impaled herself into Amy's fingers. Amy felt resistance about three quarters of the way in and realized what was about to happen. Jane gave her a nod, both of understanding and of permission. 

With one decisive stroke, Amy pushed her fingers all the way into Jane's cunt, tearing the fibers of her hymen. Jane let out a soft whimper, that seemed more like mild discomfort than pain. Amy soothed her with soft kisses as she continued her relentless pumping. It didn't take long for Jane to one again start moaning and grinding into her strokes. Together they started created a piston-like motion that seemed to last for the longest while, gradually picking up the pace until it seemed impossible to keep it up for much longer. 

"Amy, Oh, Amy... I think I'm about to come. Just a little more, I'm so close!" Jane panted between ragged breaths. 

"I'm not going anywhere until you do, baby!" Amy replied, her face buried in Jane's breasts. 

"I'm there! Ugh. I. AM. THERE!"

And with a couple of more thrusts Jane's body went rigid and the muscles in her pussy started contracting wildly around Amy's fingers. Jane cried her orgasm and Amy patiently rode it out, allowing Jane to enjoy every last contraction. After a couple of minutes, Jane's body started to relax and Amy finally withdrew her fingers from her friend's pussy and pulled Jane into a tight hug. 

The rest of night was a blur to them. At some point they both realized the party had died down and had put on their clothes and headed up to Amy's master bedroom where they had finally collapsed, exhausted and satisfied into each other's arms and fell into a deep slumber.