 They were sitting side by side on the newly re-converted couch in the basement, the family history tome from the night before open to the incantation they had performed the night before. They had gone through it more than a couple of times, trying to get a firm grasp on the rules. The pages following the actual spell had more important information that they were hoping would help them navigate their rather bizarre situation. 

As far as they understood, they would definitely need to fuck and John would most decidedly need to come inside Amy. There were a lot of references about how the entire purpose of the spell was to provide seed, and Amy's grandmother had actually underlined this paragraph. So apparently the importance of that fact could not be understated, and they did not want to figure out what would happen if they didn't comply. Once they had succeeded in having sex, in theory the spell would be reversed at sunset, which was to take place at 6:23 pm. 

It was barely a little past eight in the morning. They had roughly ten hours, give or take. 

"I guess it's unavoidable," John sighed. "We are going to have to fuck."

Amy stared at him, quizzically. She could sense John's dread at the prospect of having to fuck her. It seemed bizarre, especially considering how eager Jane had been to do it just a few hours ago. 

"Sweetie, I have to ask," she started hesitantly, not sure of how to phrase what she was thinking. "What's stressing you out so much about it? I mean, you seemed to like me last night..."

John turned to Amy and took her hand in his, marveling at how positively tiny it felt. He was still having problems adjusting to his dimensions and the fact that the world suddenly seemed slightly smaller around him was still surprising. "Ames, of course I like you! I mean, last night was the single most amazing experience of my life. And to be honest if you told me that it would be a once in a lifetime kind of deal, I would be crushed."

"Then what?" She asked, enjoying the way John was stroking the inside of her hand with his thumb.

"It's just... I'm terrified, Amy," John admitted. "I was a virgin up until last night, not to mention a woman. I know next to nothing about sex, and the few things I do know are pretty much what you showed me a few hours ago. Not only do I not know how to use my new body, but I have no actual idea of how to please a lover, period."

Amy smiled with something like relief. "Hey, listen," she said, turning to him and grabbing his other hand. "I may have only ever been with one female virgin, but I have straddled my share of virgin cock. I can definitely...steer you around the curves, so to speak."

John gave her a half-smile. "Ames, last night you...you made me feel things that I don't even have words for. I don't want you to just take me in and make me cum into you. To be honest, I'm pretty sure it would take very little to get me to come. I mean, just looking at you makes me..."

He trailed off. Amy perked up, suddenly feeling strangely aroused. "Makes you what?" she asked him hoarsely.

"Well, if I look at you, if I even so much as linger on your tits, my damn cock starts pushing against these jeans and I have to start focusing really hard on other things to get it to settle down. And when we were going through the book and you were leaning on me, the thing wouldn't stop twitching like mad and I started to feel my balls get...I don't know, itchy?"

Amy locked eyes with John, terribly aroused. Sure, guys had a habit of getting hard for her but John seemed to be so incredibly in want of her it was just putting her in the mood to take him right now and give him some release. However, she understood where he was coming from. And besides, she didn't exactly want him to blow his wad in a couple of seconds. If nothing else, she wanted to enjoy him. 

With one quick motion she undid his zipper and pulled his cock out. John gave a surprised gasp that quickly turned into a moan. He started shuddering as his cock quickly hardened in Amy's hand. "Amy, what...what are you doing?"

"You are right, babe," she replied. "You have a couple of things to learn before we both get the fucking we deserve." She started slowly stroking his uncut shaft, knowing full well the effect she was having on him. "But I think that first of all, you need to get your first male orgasm out of the way. I can't imagine you can be even remotely comfortable with all that cum inside your balls."

The first time she had slept with a virgin, it had been with a scrawny Lit freshman she had met at a party and had just plain felt sorry for. She had straddled him and he had jerked around inside her for all of maybe a minute, unaccustomed to the feel of a warm vagina. He had hardly even managed to get himself all of the way in before he just started spurting out wildly. The entire experience had left Amy cold. After that she had decided that she would try to deflower a few more virgins, making sure that they at least got a crash course in basic sexuality. She had considered it almost a public service and she was finally about to reap the rewards. 

One of the first things Amy had figure out was that virgins could hardly be expected to hold on for long when they had all that jizz just boiling in their balls. As far as she had been able to figure out, masturbation was nothing to even the feel of a woman's soft hand around their cocks. As soon as she figured that out, she made it her mission to start every virgin session with a quick hand job to, "clear the pipes" so to speak. 

She took her hand away from his cock and he groaned in protest. "Take off your jeans," she demanded. At the same time she quickly disposed of her top and skirt, quickly getting naked for his benefits. His eyes grew wide, taking her amazing body in and his already rock hard cock started madly twitching. 

"Amy," John said weakly. "I really think that we shouldn't just..." His thoughts were immediately obliterated as she swooped in to kiss him, hard and maddeningly deep. 

As Jane, he had been able to almost relax into Amy's kisses and caresses, even as her need started mounting up. As John, he was filled with an overwhelming need to crush, to pull her as close as he possibly could, his cock a divining rod pointing insistingly at the well of her pussy. Amy purred in pleasure, pushed him back and proceed to straddle him. Her pussy briefly brushed against his cock and he let out a frustrating cry, immediately reaching for her hips, the only thought in his mind to lower her onto his cock and push hard. 

"Easy, tiger," Amy said, breaking the kiss. "We're not quite there yet. I want it as bad as you do, trust me, but we need to cover a few lessons, first."

John tried to contain himself, even as Amy pulled his tee off his torso, exposing his hairy, rock hard chest and abs. Her lips started roaming and exploring about and his cock started to physically hurt. His balls seemed to be hardening into him and the only thing he could even attempt to do was to stab at Amy's stomach with his hard shaft, yearning for any sort of relief. 

Amy could see the combination of frustration and outright pain in John's face and she almost threw her plan out of window and impaled herself on him. It was just the knowledge of how disappointed he would be afterward to know that he had not done anything for her that stopped her. And, of course, the anticipation of reaping the benefits of a few good lessons. 

She spit onto one of her hands and quickly lubricated her palm. Then, as she lunged again into his mouth, she started stroking his hard cock. 

The sensation almost killed him. He started shuddering and jerking madly into her contact, yearning more than anything for whatever release was coming. "Long strokes, babe," she directed him, between kisses. "Long, deep strokes. I know it's not easy but try to control yourself and not to jerk around too much. Otherwise you'll come too soon."

John tried to focus on the feel of her velvety palm around his shaft and not on his imperious need. He started kneading her ass, savoring the feel of her full, tight and smooth cheeks in his hands. He pinched her cheeks, making her yelp with delight and he couldn't help smiling into her mouth. He found a rhythm and realized she had been right: while he still wanted to desperately come, he was starting to relish the feeling of her tight fist around his cock and wishing he could prolong it just a little longer. 

She upped the tempo of her strokes and he started matching them, lifting his pelvis up into her fist as he pulled her towards him in an accompanying rhythm. She started grinding herself into his lap, making him crazy and forcing him to use as much self control as possible to stop himself from begging her to climb on him. 

He took a nipple into his mouth, sucking and licking while she threw her head back in surprise and ecstasy. This sent him over the edge and his self control abandoned him. His balls hardened to rocks and all of a sudden he felt his cock contract in the most mind-blowingly delicious way and he started spurting semen out onto her belly. 

His first spurt would be forever seared in his memory. The way the pressure that had been building in him had finally released and a long arc of cum had come spurting out while his cock began convulsing, pushing more white hot jizz out, every bit of pressure being released, his orgasm shaking him from the tip of his cock to the back of his asshole. Slowly his body started to relax and he felt every limb go slack. His breathing began returning to normal and he hugged an exhausted Amy to his chest, his cum spreading all over his own stomach. 

"Wow, Janey, sweetie, you are an overachiever, clearly. And already ahead of the curve," Amy said, exhausted. "I think that's the fastest a newbie has ever caught up to my methods. That's also the longest one has lasted too."

John gave her an abashed smile. He still found it weird to be called "Janey" as a man. "I guess I'll take that as a compliment. I mean, I have a very limited time to learn." 

He gave her a soft kiss on the cheek then turned his attention to the cum pooling between them, already starting to gel. "Um, so I guess we should get cleaned up?" he asked tentatively. 

Amy smiled ruefully. She loved it when a plan started to come together, no pun intended. "Actually, lover, we're about to hit the showers. Gotta get ready for the next lesson."

She pulled him up from the couch and led him out of the room, turning back to look at his cute, slightly dopey expression. She briefly wondered whether she should give him more time to regroup after his first come, but decided against it as soon as she took the full picture of his naked body, even as it lurched behind her up the stairs. He was beautiful, they only had a few hours together, and she wanted to make sure to use as much of that time as possible in a, say, very efficient manner. 

She led him down the hall and into the bathroom. John followed clumsily, still not entirely used to his long limbs, or the way his body pulled him down in the middle. Amy smiled back at him, as amused as she was turned on, every time he bumped into an end-table or almost tripped over his own feet. He grinned back at her and looked hot as hell doing so. 

She pulled him into the bathroom and held her tight to him, unable to contain herself. He caught her lips in an unexpected and delightful kiss, pulling her hard towards him, his dick already rousing itself in spite of the recent release. 

"Okay, hun," she said as she disentangled herself from him and started running the shower. "We've had rather active last few hours and, no offense, but you need a shower. You're starting to smell like dude."

John smiled as he grabbed her hips and pulled her towards him. "Well...I am a dude, at least for the time being. I can tell because right now there's parts of me that want to be inside parts of you. And because I can actually finish that sentence."

Amy giggled, in a way she couldn't remember doing for a long time and they both jumped into the shower. The very hot water felt amazing striking against their naked bodies. They locked into an embrace, letting the water pressure soothe them for a few minutes breathing in each other and exploring their bodies with their hands. They lathered and massaged each other's bodies with soap and shampoo, in an almost relaxed, lazy fashion, that came from familiarity. Amy could definitely tell that although Jane was having a great time, just enjoying the cleansing, John was started to get frustrated. His erection still hadn't fully returned, though Amy suspected this mainly had to do with self control than anything else. 

"Hmm," he hummed as he started massaging her ample tits from behind while they were rinsing the soap off, his head buried in her neck. "Now I can see why you haven't had to pay for a drink in years. Your tits are amazing to look at, and even more amazing to touch."

He started gently nibbling on her neck while his hands rubbed her nipples in an excruciatingly delicious motion. His hips started to rock back and forth slightly and his cock quickly hardened between her ass-cheeks. The urgency of his massaging started to grow and Amy took this as her cue to begin her next lesson. 

She pushed away from him and he sighed in deep frustration. "Ames..." he began, before she cut him off.

"I know, baby," She said as her hand trailed off down to his dick, taking his whole erection in. "Don't worry. I got your back."

Whenever Amy was training a virgin, so to speak, and she found her trainee worthy after the handjob lesson, she always proceeded to a blow job. The whole purpose of this was not only to get the guy off, but to actually give him a crash course in rhythm and thrust. If she was lucky, and the guy was a quick study, by the end he would be able to fuck her without immediately going for the come, leaving her unsatisfied. Of course whether or not he got the chance to penetrate her pussy, depended on whether or not he was deemed worthy. 

John, however, would be worthy no matter what, which was why Amy was determined to give the best lesson of her life. 

She slowly, maddeningly, started trailing off kisses from his mouth southward. His breathing started to quicken as he started descending down his abs and towards his hardened cock. She finally found herself kneeling in front of him. She looked up at him and shot him a devilish grin. 

She took the base of his shaft in her hand and guided the sensitive tip into her mouth. He shouted out as the feeling flooded him in an impossible way, and braced himself on the shower wall, the hot water still running and hitting his back and ass. "Follow my lead," she ordered. 

He grunted in agreement and she started to take him into her mouth, taking first the first couple of inches and holding the base within her fist. She measured him at around seven inches, definitely above average, and uncut. She could deep throat with the best of them but the girth of John's cock was going to be a challenge. 

She placed one hand on his ass and started guiding him into her mouth. His first couple of strokes were erratic and she had to use her fist to prevent him from going too deep too fast. She knew that what he wanted was to go all the way, his balls nesting against her chin, and in due time, that was exactly what he was going to get. 

She started to suck him into her, trying to time her suction to his pumps, coaxing him to push inwards, forcing him into a rhythm that he quickly got the hang of. She marveled at what a quick study her little apprentice was turning out to be. 

Inch by inch she started taking him in, trying to relax her throat muscles in anticipation of the oncoming onslaught. His pumping had become regular and efficient, his abs shuddering and jumping slightly as each stroke brought paroxysms of pleasure through his body. 

Finally, with one decisive motion, Amy used both of her hands to pull all of him into her, while her tongue swirled around his cock. His balls slapped against her, and she took one in her hand and started to caress it in a carefully calculated motion. 

"Fucking hell!" He shouted as his pace quickened and his grunting continued. "Your mouth...feels so fucking good...I want you...uhn...to take it...all in!'

Amy looked up briefly and found him staring at her, one of his hands moving to her hair. She nodded, knowing what he needed. He took a fistful of her blonde hair in his hand and started pulling her head towards him in step with both his grunts and his furious pumping. She thought that he was already fucking better than maybe half of her lovers, and she started to feel a warmth permeate her pussy. This was making her so hot it wouldn't take long to make her come. 

Suddenly he pulled out of her with a frustrated moan. His cock twitched in protest. Her entire mouth felt incredibly empty and her jaw hurt. 

"Come on up, Ames," he said hoarsely as he put her on her feet. "I think I want to review my lesson."

He turned her around and pushed her against the wall. She yelped in surprise, feeling like the balance in powers had shifted. 

Before she had time to think he took two deft fingers and started rounding the opening of her pussy. She started panting at the thought of having her hole filled. He seemed to be prodding, exploring, mapping out her entrance. His lips started roaming through her neck and shoulders and she started to wish he would just start pumping his fingers in her when all of a sudden-

John started pushing his dick inside her. She cried at the unexpected stretching, her nerve endings caught by surprise started pulsating heat to her pussy in waves. 

"I think I get it, babe," John whispered in her ear. "Slow and steady win the race. Let me make you feel good for once."