 "You look tired, hero." The demon ducked his slash and slipped past him in a haze of cloying perfume. "Why don't you rest for a while?"

He pivoted, looking for an opening. "I'll never yield, fiend!" But she was too fast, and he was slowing down. He could feel his muscles growing sluggish the longer he stayed in her aura, slowly sapping his willpower and weakening his resolve. He lunged, cutting it short into a brutal up-slash, but the demon danced gracefully out of reach.

"Are you sure? You seem... distracted." She moved her hands down her large breasts, barely restrained by the black gossamer halter of her dress, and slid her fingers suggestively between her cleavage. "They're so soft and firm, don't you think, hero?"

He stared for a few seconds before coming to his senses. The hero charged and bellowed out his anger, bringing his weapon down in an arc of blurred steel. The demon barely moved aside as he struck, slicing away a few strands of pale golden hair.

"How ungentlemanly," she pouted, taking a few steps back.

She moved so delicately even in heels, he thought, eyes roaming from her feet up her full, stocking-clad thighs. No, he needed to focus. She seemed fragile; one solid hit could win the fight.

He moved forward cautiously, circling her. He needed an opening, a weakness, but he couldn't look too closely or... better not to think of it. There - one more step back and she would lose her balance on a fallen branch. He waited, and saw her foot turn. Seizing his moment the hero rushed in and made a powerful forward thrust with his longsword, expecting to draw blood.

At the last moment the demon's claws extended, flicking aside his attack as she swiped at him. He twisted, turning it into a glancing blow that only sliced through his belt. He moved to counter-attack but she skipped away, causing her chest to jiggle attractively. As the hero stepped forward to pursue he stumbled, greaves sliding a few inches without his belt to hold them in place. The armor plates were scratched, but they would hold.

Exhaustion began catching up with him; breath came in short, ragged gasps. He shouldn't be this tired, he knew, after ten minutes of combat. Just a moment, he thought, to recover himself.

The demon smiled, revealing her short white fangs. She touched her hand to her plump lips, blowing a kiss at her foe. "Good boy, just rest now. No need to keep fighting. Relax, and give in." She stalked towards him with slow, sensuous steps, each movement making her full, creamy breasts jiggle beguilingly.

The hero fumbled for his sword, and she slowed. "N-no!" he yelled, staggering away. "Stay back, monster, I'm not done with you yet!"

"Too bad," she purred, running her tongue around her lips. "But you're just delaying the inevitable, hero. The longer we fight, the more you stare..." She bounced her breasts for emphasis. "The more my aura will affect you. Before long you'll be begging me to play with your cock."

"You're wrong! I'd never-"

"Pleading for me to touch you. To taste you."

He dashed forward, swinging clumsily as she danced out of reach.

She posed, arms behind her back, pushing out her chest. "Tell me, hero, do you think I'm sexy?"

The man shook his head in an attempt to clear it, stepping into an attack position and gathering his thoughts. "Don't flatter yourself, demon."

She giggled, batting her eyes at him. "You say that, but part of you seems to disagree..."

He risked a glance at where she was looking. Her attack from earlier had left his undergarments exposed, and his pants were tenting outward at an alarming rate. "You don't... I don't..." he faltered.

"Desire me?" She smiled, eyes narrowing predatorily. "Your little man disagrees, hero. Why don't you take him out for me?"

"Beast! Horror!" His sword slipped from his grasp, and he scrambled to retrieve it. One solid strike... but he was so tired...

Her full, perfect chest swayed hypnotically as the demon stepped toward him, pale nipples teasing against the thin fabric. "Do you like my breasts, hero? They're so soft and bouncy, don't you think?" she asked innocently. "Wouldn't it feel nice to slide your cock between them?"

He tried to turn, but found he couldn't look away; his retreat turned to a stumble, and he was sitting, spellbound by the creature before him. "No, you're-"

"So arousing. You could just stare allll day, at my cute feet, my smooth thighs, my big, sexy titties." She stopped a few yards away. "It's alright, darling, just keep staring while my magic works."

Blood rushed to his face, and his sword hand trembled. "You haven't won yet, monster."

The demon giggled. "I think your cock likes me, hero. It's gotten all swollen and sticky in there."

He moaned pitifully, unable to stand or look away from her body.

"Why don't you drop your weapon, sweetie." The blade clattered to the ground. "Good boy," she purred. "Now, take out your cock for me."

The man undid his breeches, erection twitching in the cool air. She was so beautiful, so perfect -- he reached down to stroke himself, but the demon cut him off.

"No, baby, your cock belongs to me now. Only I'm allowed to touch it, and you can't cum without permission." She watched him pensively. "Mm. Would you like me to touch it?"

"Please," he murmured. His resolve was shattered. All he wanted was her. "Gods, yes, please."

She smiled, exposing her fangs. "I want you to ask for it, hero. Beg me to touch your cock."

The man whimpered, tears of frustration coursing down his face. "Please, I need you. I'll do anything. I need... please..."

She took a last step forward, gently stroking the underside of his shaft with her foot and eliciting moan. "Would you like to rub?" she asked, still smiling. He nodded feverishly. "Go ahead, then." He crawled forward, clutching her leg for support, breathing in the heady scent of her body as her skirt floated about his face. The soft silk of her leggings felt incredible, and he was immersed in the sensation of thrusting desperately against her, precum dribbling from his head.

Suddenly her leg was gone and he knelt pathetically, humping the air, staring at the woman in misery.

"Lie down," the demon said, and he obeyed. She straddled him, plump ass pressing against his erection, breasts swaying temptingly, silken hair caressing his face. He lay motionless, enthralled, as she leaned forward and kissed him; her lips crushed against his mouth, tongue darting inside. His head swam. She tasted like warm rainfall in early spring; like a cool breeze drifting in from the ocean. After an eternity she pulled back, planting gentle kisses on his brow, cheeks, and neck.

"You belong to me now, hero," she whispered. "I've marked you, body and soul. Once I'm done I'll be all you can think about, all you desire." She laughed. "Ah, but by now that's no surprise." She wiggled teasingly against him. "You're already in love with me, aren't you?" She swung around, still on top of him, and he saw the pink folds of her pussy, slick with arousal, as she lowered himself onto his face. He lapped at her greedily, intoxicated by the taste and scent of her body.

"Such a good boy," she said, enveloping his cock with her breasts. He moaned, thrusting eagerly between her cleavage, which was soon slick with precum. "Do you like that, hero? Doesn't it feel sooo nice to slide between my big, soft titties?" He moaned, overwhelmed with pleasure, her body pressed against him as she massaged his aching member. He spasmed, climaxing but unable to cum.

She swirled her tongue around the head, teasing him with her mouth as she milked him with her breasts. "Would you like to cum for me, hero? Are you ready for your draining?" He moaned assent, smothered by her sex, climaxing again as she took him into her mouth. "Such a shame, hero. I don't think you deserve it." He whined pitifully. "Poor boy. Would you like me to stop?" she asked, pausing to lick him teasingly. He trembled with arousal, thrusting harder into her breasts and climaxing again, unable to think about anything but release. "Don't worry, darling, I understand." She lifted her hips, allowing him to breathe as he writhed in pleasure, trapped in the soft prison of her breasts. She stroked him for hours until he collapsed, strength spent. At last he slept, but his dreams were of her.

It was dark when the knight awoke, a blanket of stars peering through the trees overhead. He felt like every muscle was sore, overworked, and his vision blurred momentarily as he raised himself up. What had happened? He'd taken a quest from the adventurer's guild, he was fairly certain. A minor demon had been harassing huntsmen and logging groups in the woods that bordered Cerathia. Had he fallen asleep on the way? But what had happened to his belt, and why was his... memory flooded back, quickening his pulse. There was a dark shape, leaning against a tree, watching him. Fear and shame trickled through him as he recalled what had happened, how he'd lost.

"My name is Lilith," said the demon, stepping out of the shade. "But you can call me Lily. What should I call you, hero?"

She seemed calmer, less predatory than before. Perhaps she no longer deemed him a threat. "Brennan," he muttered.

"Alright, good." Lily knelt, tucking her legs under her, and smiled prettily. "Tell me about yourself, Brennan."

He tried to remain stoically silent, but melted beneath her smile. "I'm, uh. I'm an adventurer. A knight, level 17. I'm of the stronger warriors in the Highwater region." He frowned, staring at the ground. It was easier to maintain composure when he wasn't looking at her, though the gentle sexiness of her voice still sent shivers through him. "Why haven't you... you know. Killed me."

"Ah. I guess we can cut past the foreplay. I need your help with something, Brennan. I want you to go to Rellam's Crossing, buy a Potion of Disguise from an alchemist, and bring it back to me. Also, I'll need some clothes. Something inconspicuous." She held her palms up. "Should be simple, don't you think?"

"What? Why? It doesn't matter, I can't help a demon, especially not the one I was contracted to hunt down."

"Oh, don't worry about the contract. I had someone post it, to lure someone like you out here. I won't trouble the foresters anymore, and you can collect the bounty if you like."

The knight grunted noncommittally.

"No need to be that way, darling. You can leave now, it's alright."

"What? Just like that?" He finally met her gaze, stunned with disbelief.

"Mmhm." She ran her hands absentmindedly along her leggings, and Brennan tried not to stare. "You'll be back, though. You'll miss me too much."

The knight started his denial, but realized he was staring again, unable to look away, as his pants tightened.

The succubus giggled. "You need me, hero. You'll see. So go ahead, I'll turn around since you can't keep your eyes off my chest."

He blushed, unable to think of a reply. He crawled to his feet, retrieved his sword from nearby, and began trudging to town. If he didn't leave now, he wasn't sure he'd be able to.

After retrieving his supplies from the log he'd stashed them in nearby, he found the road and began the four hour walk to the village. He paused for a few minutes when he came near the stream, hoping to clean up before he got back to civilization; his face, hair, and pants were sticky and stank of sex. Lacking soap, Brennan settled for a vigorous rinsing. The sun was warm, and he'd have time to dry before he arrived.

Set at a crossroads, Rellam's Crossing served as a trading post and place to rest for those traveling between the more remote villages and the city of Highwater. Because of its importance to the merchant leagues, several groups had contributed coin to fortifying the area with 15ft stone walls and solid wooden gates, hiring a small company of mercenaries to keep the peace and ward off would-be bandits.

The watchman nodded in recognition as Brennan approached, wincing into the early afternoon sunlight. A babble of voices met his ears, a blend of merchant caravans, craftsmen, travelers, and adventuring teams: business as usual. Brennan waited for a wagon to rumble past and made for his tavern of choice, the Roughshod Rose. Some strong drink and a solid meal would set him right -- he still felt like he'd been trampled.

The place was mostly empty, the last of the lunch crowd milling about or nursing their last drink. The knight walked to the bar, pulling out a stool and sitting down with a groan.

"Rough contract?" the innkeep asked, moving over to him. "You want something to eat?"

"Yeah, thanks Sully. Still got that case of firewine? I'll take a bottle of that and a glass, if you don't mind." He set a handful of coins on the counter.

Sully raised an eyebrow, took four of the coins, and stepped into the kitchen. He emerged a few minutes later with a plate of hazelnut bread, a generous slice of ham, and a wedge of hard cheese. He set them down, then removed the bottle he'd been carrying under his arm and set it down along with a mug. "Last proper glass broke, m'afraid. Best I can do."

Brennan waved his hand dismissively. "You know me, not one for ceremony." He uncorked the bottle with his knife and poured up to the brim before taking a long swallow. "Damn, haven't had that in years," he said, smacking his lips appreciatively.

"Funny story, actually. Picked the case up from a merchant who'd run shy of coin during his stay, after a late knight playing cards over at Kate's. With Leonard. You know."

Brennan grinned. "Yeah, I know."

"So anyway, he says to me, this merchant, maybe you'd like a lizard? Healthy, good meat, he says."

"A lizard?" the knight said around a mouthful of bread.

"Well, that's what I said, who am I gonna serve lizard to. No one, that's who, I told him. Wanted to ask him where he'd got the damned thing, was almost as big as a goat, if you can believe that. But I thought the fellow might try a runner if I kept him around too long, got the sense there were some other folk he owed money to. So I talked him into the wine, and here we are."

Then innkeep leaned against the bar and met Brennan's eye. "You wanna talk? Seem a little off, if you don't mind me saying. Contract go alright?"

Brennan took another bite, mulling it over while he chewed. Did he want to talk? He couldn't tell anyone what had happened -- his reputation would be over. But she -- it -- had seemed sincere. He suppressed a shudder. Just don't think of it, focus on what mattered. He could turn in the quest, collect his coin. Move on.

The knight shrugged. "It went fine. Pretty standard. Got a little careless, let it get a couple hits in, then it was over." He gestured to the patched remains of his belt. "There's always that moment when you slip up, and you panic for a second. Never really get used to it."

Sully chuckled. "Ain't that the truth. Don't have the stomach for that life anymore, though I confess I sometimes miss the road. You'll want a room for the night, I take it?"

Brennan nodded, then refilled his mug. "Yes, thanks. I'll be off in the morning, I expect."

"I expect." Another patron caught his eye, gesturing with an empty mug. "Let me know if you need anything else, then."

After finishing lunch and re-corking the bottle, Brennan took his key from the nearby rack and left feeling much calmer. He walked to the Westwind Adventuring outpost and turned in his contract in exchange for 80 silver coins, then dropped his equipment off at the armor smith's for repairs, coin purse still pleasantly full. It was early still, barely even dark, and there would be others congregating in the Rose to share stories. He was too tired for that tonight, though. After taking another swig of firewine, he set his dirty clothes in a neat stack on the room's storage chest and collapsed. The lumpy, beer-scented pillows of the Roughshod Rose had never been so comfortable.

Brennan woke to darkness, his erection pressing uncomfortably into the bed. He rolled over, trying fall back asleep, but found he was too distracted, so he pulled off his shorts and reached down to relieve himself.

The memories resurfaced, immediately and overwhelmingly. With each stroke he saw her, felt her, body pressed against his as her breasts slid agonizingly up and down his cock. He was ready to finish in less than a minute, moving faster as he approached climax. It never came. He hovered at the brink for minutes, desperately coaxing, but could only edge, over and over. He felt compelled to. The sweet fragrance of her juices seemed to fill his mouth and he trembled, soaked with sweat. He thought of her wet, teasing lips, the sweetness of her kisses, the whispered ecstasy of her voice.

After an hour he gave up. His shaft ached, rubbed almost raw but still painfully erect. "You'll miss me," the demon had said, and he realized he did. He longed to be back in her arms. He'd tried to suppress the memory, but now he ached for it. Brennan considered sneaking down to the wash room in an attempt to clear his head, but he was too overwhelmed to risk talking to anyone still up, especially given the state of his trousers. Despite his exhaustion, it took another hour for him to fall asleep.

Sully was too busy with other patrons to jibe about Brennan rising just before noon. The tailor had several sets of simple, ready-made clothing available, and he bought two sizes to be safe. The alchemist, though seemingly irritated by his request, didn't question his need for a potion of disguise. Brennan started on the road to Highwater, then circled the encampment and set out toward the border country. Shame and pride surged within him, and once he turned back, but couldn't go more than a dozen steps. His need was overpowering.

As Brennan moved off the road, his pulse quickened. She was close. Just a little further. Unlike the last time, he made no attempt to set aside his baggage or mask his approach. Just past this clearing, near that field of heather. He stopped, and realized his hands were shaking as he unshouldered his pack. Was she still here? What if she had left? Should he call out?

The knight felt an arm slide around his neck, large breasts pressing pleasantly into his back. "You're back so soon, darling," the succubus purred, pressing her lips against his ear. "Did you miss me after all?" The knight shuddered as she slid her fingers slowly through his hair. "Was it my mouth that you liked most?" She began kissing down his neck. "Or maybe my breasts?"

"You've been a good boy," she said, releasing him and taking a step back. "Pull down your pants and I'll give you what you've been waiting for."

Brennan had thought for hours about what he wanted to say, but now he had no thought but obeying, rapidly undoing his trousers and trembling with anticipation.

The succubus knelt before him, smiling, as she began to stroke him, the trickle of precum lubricating her hand. The knight moaned, but was unable to close his eyes. She looked up at him angelically, holding his gaze. "Doesn't it feel better," she asked, "Now that I own your cock?" She caressed his balls gently with her other hand. He whimpered, nodding.

"You're addicted to me. Always wanting more. Desperate to please me." She licked sensually around his purple, swollen head.

The succubus smiled up at him. "Cum for me, darling." Her lips slid down his cock as he climaxed, spurting down her throat over and over as she swallowed greedily. She licked her lips, tucking him back into his pants, and stood. "Mmm, good boy. Feel better?"

Brennan staggered back a step, taking a moment to collect himself. He wanted more. The feeling faded momentarily, though, and he could focus again. He stood for a moment, taking in the creature before him. Short, curled black horns rose out of a tumble of pale golden hair that fell just past her shoulders. Her dress was backless to allow for her small bat-like wings, with the fabric looped around her neck, the two swathes just covering the front of her large, firm breasts and exposing a generous view of her cleavage. The dress hung in a wide strip before and behind her, leaving her creamy thighs bare. She wore black silk thigh highs and short black heels. Her lavender eyes were set in a round, innocent face with full, soft lips. Even without her magic, Brennan knew she was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.
