 "I'm just concerned," Brennan was saying, glancing at the caravan behind them. "He might die, or explode, or something."

Lily smiled mischievously. "But look at his face! It gets all red and purple, with that one big vein. That's not even a little funny to you?"

They were most of the way to Highwater, having left Rellam's Crossing three days prior. Brennan had gotten the two of them signed on as caravan guards, protecting a shipment of raw iron bound for the city. Because of the adventurers regularly traveling out to the Crossing the route was notoriously safe, so their pay was negligible, but Brennan had figured it would be a good preliminary experience for the succubus - a quick sample of traveling and camping with a group, before they delved into something more challenging.

She'd been doing well, for the most part. Her role as a wide-eyed elven girl who'd never seen human lands was relatively easy to play, since this was her first real foray into civilized territory. She didn't have to fake being confused or awestruck when appropriate. It helped that Kurt, the caravan master, was a steady and reasonable sort, as was Joanna, his guard for the past three years. Brennan had traveled with them a few times before for mutual protection and company, and Kurt had been understanding with the girl's unusual behavior.

Lily, however, had been a tease the entire journey.

"Did you see this morning? He kept talking to me with his back to the group, so I wouldn't see his bulge." Lily's smile widened. "Joanna was giving him the strangest look, I could hardly keep from laughing."

Brennan sighed, smiling at the corner of his mouth. "Well, he woke up to you getting dressed, which I'm sure was on purpose."

"We elves just don't understand human modesty customs," she said, batting her eyes. "It couldn't be helped."

"He can't even rub one out, with how close he has to keep to the wagon," Brennan said, keeping his eye on the fields ahead of them. There were farmers bringing in the harvest half a mile out, which meant they were close to the city. "I'm sure it's awkward with Jo around as well - they've been making this run together for three years now."

Lily stole a look at the caravan. "Do you think he could? Explode, I mean. Metaphorically or otherwise."

They reached the city two hours later. Kurt passed Brennan a small pouch of copper coins once they were in sight of the city gates. They parted ways as the city watch looked over the caravan's paperwork and made a cursory check for contraband.

Highwater was a massive port city on the coast of the Western Deep, shipping to most of the ports on the continent. It was renowned for both the diversity and magnificence of its architecture. Squat dwarven pubs bordered graceful elven spires, cramped alleys winding circuitous paths behind grandiose estates and cluttered slums.

"It's almost getting close to evening, but the guild hall will be open past sundown," Brennan explained, shouldering past a group and indicating the direction of the adventurer's guild. "We could spend some time in the city first, if you like. There's a lot to see since you're new to the place."

Lily was shunted to the side as a dockworker stepped around her. There were so many people, all moving at once! No one was paying attention to what she was doing, which was both confusing and a relief. "I, um. I guess so," she said, trying to look around at everything while following Brennan.

"It's a lot to take in for you, I imagine. Let's stop someplace quieter first, to get our bearings. Here," he said, holding out his hand, "you don't want to get lost." Lily's held his hand tightly, as though afraid she would be swept away in the crowd.

They walked for twenty minutes, turning several times to eventually arrive at an arched iron gate. Massive hedges extended into the distance on either side, and the entrance was flanked by a pair of plate-armored men with axes at their belts. Brennan reached inside his tunic, showed one of them a slip of paper, and was waved inside.

"White Iron Mercenaries," he said after they were out of earshot. "Respectable group. Most districts of Highwater hire private militia groups to keep the peace, since the city watch is spread so thin." Brennan gestured grandly at the carefully paved streets and graceful, ivy-clad buildings. "Farhaven Estates is one of the nicest parts of the city. Mostly merchant houses and minor nobility live here, and the majority of those are elven. A few others," he smiled, "like highly-ranked adventurers can also acquire passes.

"The Wayward Dryad is the best inn in Highwater. I stay whenever I'm in town and I have some extra coin."

The building seemed modest next to the splendor of the elegant estates nearby, but it radiated a kind of quiet coziness. It was surrounded by an immaculately maintained garden, a tasteful blend of local wildflowers and exotic blossoms. A young elven man took Brennan's baggage as they entered, gaze lingering on Lily for a moment before moving upstairs.

"Brennan, such a delight to have you with us again." A well-dressed dwarf with a carefully sculpted beard stepped out from behind the counter, taking the knight's hand and shaking. "Will you be with us for the night, or an extended stay?"

"At least a few days, Karl. And it's good to be back." Brennan turned toward his companion. "This is my friend, Lily. She'll need a room as well."

"Of course! Any friend of Bren's is most welcome, doubly so when she's a comely lass. You look fresh off the road, you must be famished. Make yourself at home, I'll have dinner ready momentarily," the dwarf said, ushering them toward a group of comfortable cedar-wood tables before disappearing into the kitchen.

Lily collapsed into her seat, running her hands distractedly through her chair as she looked around the dining area. 

"Are you alright?" Brennan asked, sitting down across from her.

"I'm fine, I guess. I didn't know there could be so many people all in one place. I suppose I'd imagined the Crossing, but a little bigger." She exhaled slowly and looked up at him. "I am excited, though. It's just a lot to take in."

Karl arrived with dinner ten minutes later, setting a wooden tray in front of each of them: grilled corn, buttered sweetbread, and generous slices of honeyed ham, accompanied by a large bowl of strawberries and a smaller one of cream; he left and returned shortly with a bottle of wine and a pair of glasses.

They were mostly through their meal when the door opened and a tall, immaculately dressed elven man stepped inside. He was accompanied by a manservant who immediately made for the stairs, dragging a large luggage trunk behind him. The elf began conversing with the innkeep, though they were too far away to be overheard.

Lily caught Brennan's eye. "Darling," she murmured, licking cream from her lips suggestively. "I'm still hungry. I need you to fill me up with something else." Brennan felt her foot rubbing up and down his leg.

"Brennan!" called the newcomer, striding over to the table. "I had hoped we'd run across each other soon."

Brennan nudged Lily's leg away before standing up. He inclined his head, then reached out and shook the man's hand. "Lord Revariel," he said. "Always a pleasure. This," he indicated Lily, who was giving him an irritated look, "is Lily, my apprentice. Lily, this is Jonathon, first speaker of House Reviariel."

"The pleasure is entirely mine, I assure you. Lovely to make your acquaintance, miss. You've a fine instructor there, no question. You don't mind if I sit for a moment?"

"Not at all."

"Thank you." Lord Revariel pulled back the chair at the head of the table, and Brennan sat at the same time. "Business has been well, I trust?"

Brennan gave a tight-lipped smile. "I can't complain. It's been a good season - no major disasters to speak of."

"Glad to hear it. We haven't gotten a chance to speak since you tracked down that missing caravan for me, and I'd wanted to thank you personally. I had trouble just registering the quest with the guild, you know - I wasn't sure anyone would be willing to delve into Troll Country to track the brigands down."

Brennan opened his mouth to reply and stopped. From under the table, he could feel a foot slide up against his crotch, gently stroking his bulge. 

Lily smiled. "That sounds like a big, hard job for you to handle by yourself," she said, caressing his growing erection.

"Ah, yes," Brennan stumbled. "It is... was... very hard. Uh, very difficult." He glared at her, then turned back to Lord Revariel. "Fortunately, I had a good team with me. Nothing we couldn't handle."

Somehow Lily had undone the buttons to his trousers, deftly maneuvering the knight's cock out of his pants. Was she wearing stockings again? How did she do that?

"Saved the house quite a bit of trouble," Lord Revariel was saying. "Even took two of the thieves back alive to stand trial."

"Oh my," Lily said. "He must have been quite firm with them." She leaned back slightly in her chair, bring up her other foot and rubbing the underside of Brennan's cock, which was now fully at full mast; it twitched eagerly as she stroked him, sliding his member between her arches. "I've heard those types don't often come quietly."

"Quite so," said Revariel. "Tell me, Brennan, do you have any work scheduled six weeks from now? I've something coming up for which I'll need professional assistance, and I'd prefer to have you on the contract, if you're available."

"Oh, well - ah..." Brennan stifled a groan as Lily used one foot to caress his balls while the other slid along his aching shaft, teasing him with her toes. The gentle touch of her silken feet was overwhelming - Brennan fought to keep from moaning with ecstasy, and he was losing. "Yes, we, uh, mmm," he exhaled carefully, desperate to control his voice. "Yes. We'll be done the ahhh first part of our training. By then. So that would be, ohh, that feels so good... that would be a good time. For us." He was close to the edge, struggling to hold himself back.

Revariel squinted at him. "Are you alright, young man? You seem concerned by something."

Lily's feet pulled back and Brennan shuddered with his need for release. He took a long breath to steady himself as she continued to tease him, sliding her toes against his shaft every few seconds to keep him on edge. "Just tired, sir. We started early this morning, so we'd have time to register my apprentice." Lily smiled at him sweetly, licking the cream from her strawberry with slow, deliberate movements.

The elf's eyes flickered between the two of them, then he shrugged and pushed his chair back to stand up. "Of course. I'll leave word for you with Karl with more definite plans in a month and a half." He pushed the chair back into the table, gave a quick nod, and strode purposefully out of the inn.

Brennan checked to make sure no one was watching, then fumbled himself back into his trousers. The bulge was noticeable. "Gods above, what was that?" he asked, face flush. "Lord Revariel is an important client! What if he'd noticed? Gods, my reputation would be shot." He clenched and unclenched his hands, staring down at the remains of his dinner.

Lily stood up and walked around behind his chair. "I love seeing you all worked up," she purred, sliding her hands under his shirt and pressing her breasts against the back of his head. "Are you saying you don't like it when I tease you?"

"Well, I just, I mean - "

"Be honest, darling," she murmured, gently kissing down his neck. "You love losing control for me."

The kitchen door began to open, and Brennan bolted up from his chair as a young woman walked in and began taking their plates. The knight stepped out of her way, muttering a thank you while keeping his back to her.

Lily stepped in front of him, running a finger up his erection before squeezing it gently. "I want to play with your cock," she whispered breathily. "Do you think we could do that?"

Brennan nodded. Lily waited till the waitress left before sliding her hand into the knight's opened trousers and taking him in her hand. She tugged gently, leading him up the stairs by his cock. Brennan shivered with pleasure and anticipation. He was terrified someone would notice, but he was too aroused to look away. They reached Brennan's room and he began fumbling in his pocket for the key, jamming it into the lock and while the succubus trailed her fingernail around head of his cock, the tip glistening with precum.

The door slammed open and the knight stumbled inside. Lily followed, pushing Brennan onto the bed and kneeling in front of him. "I want it in my mouth," she cooed, planting several kisses up the side of his shaft before sliding her lips over the head. Brennan moaned, falling back onto the bed. He was in love. Brennan felt a flash of guilt thinking about how this had happened, but it was soon washed away in an ocean of pleasure. He wanted desperately to cum for her, but could only squirm in sensual agony as he climaxed without relief.

"Are you ready, darling?" Lily pulled back and slid her hand around his shaft, making slow, deliberate strokes. "Would you like to give me your cum?"

Brennan let out a muffled groan, struggling to form coherent thoughts.

"I want you to tell me," she said, her breath hot against his throbbing cock, "how you love when I play with you."

"What? I... I don't..."

"It's okay, baby. You can be honest with me." She brushed her lips against his shaft, murmuring gentle assurances. 

The sweet temptation of her voice wore away at his resolve, until Brennan could resist no longer. "I love the way you tease me," he whimpered. Brennan realized he was babbling, but he couldn't stop. "It's so hot, and gods, you're so sexy. I don't know how to stop, and I don't want to."

"That's a good boy," she whispered, tenderly kissing the tip. "Time for your reward. Cum for me," she said, wrapping her lips around his cock.

Brennan's hips spasmed, erupting down her throat. Lily purred with delight, coaxing load after load into her waiting mouth. At last the flow stopped and Brennan lay exhausted on the bed.

Lily licked her lips and crawled onto the bed, lying on her side and pressing herself against Brennan. She rested her head on his chest, immersing herself in the rise and fall of each deep, heavy breath. "You make me happy too, darling," she murmured, closing her eyes.

Brennan didn't respond. He was too tired to move. They'd rest for an hour, the knight decided, and take care of the evening's business later. He yawned weakly, maneuvering his arm around Lily as he fell asleep.

The sun was an orange smear on the horizon when they left the inn and began walking towards the guild hall. Lily had wanted to get new clothes - "real clothes," as she kept insisting - but it was well into the evening, and reputable shops were starting to close for the night. "And anyway," Brennan said, "It's not like you have any money, so let's slow down a little with all the things you're planning to buy with my coin."

Highwater Adventuring Society, read the carved wooden sign. The building, Brennan explained as they approached, was the repurposed home of a noble family that had sold off most of their assets. The roofing was brick red, with dark grey stone and stained oak making for the walls. A tower rose out of each of the two wings. The grounds were well-maintained, but not overly lavish, organized into several small courtyards secluded by trees, bushes, and low hedges, to allow members and clients to discuss their business in relative privacy.

"James, they've moved you up to clerk already?" Brennan said after pushing through the door, approaching a table piled with neat stacks of paperwork. 

The man at the front table was young, barely out of his teens. He smiled nervously as Brennan approached. "Ah, yes. Last week. Moira said I'd been doing well in licensing, so... Um. What can I help you with, Knight Brennan?"

Brennan took a half step to the side, gesturing Lily to step up to the desk. "James, this is my apprentice, Lily. She needs to be appraised and registered with the guild." He put two silver coins on the table. "There's her fee." The knight glanced at the empty tables on either side of him. "Just you tonight?"

"Margaret fell ill yesterday, she's with a doctor at the moment. And Moira is away on business." James shrugged. "So just me." He looked up at Lily. His eyes widened. "Oh, uh, hello miss. Ma'am. I can, um. I can do you... your appraisal myself. Just follow me." He man stood up, breaking eye contact reluctantly.

As they walked into a side room, Brennan noticed that the top two buttons of Lily's tunic were undone. He sighed quietly.

The room they entered was stuffed with bookshelves; some were filled with books, and others were running over with loosely organized paperwork. They wound their way between over-laden chairs and tables till they were at the back wall, where a small counter had been cleared save for a fist-sized sphere of green glass.

"So, you just need - " James began, losing his focus as Lily sidled up next to him, offering a spectacular view of her cleavage. "You, uh. Well."

"Put one hand on the sphere," Brennan offered.

"Yes, right. One hand on the sphere. It'll project against the wall there your innate characteristics, and you can use that to decide what kind of adventurer you'd like to be." James was staring pointedly at the opposite wall.

Lily took a step forward, leaned forward, and lightly placed her hand on the orb. It began emitting a low hum, casting a flickering pattern of emerald shadows onto the wall beyond. After several uncomfortable minutes the images solidified into a series of runes. 

James pulled out a notebook and quill, jotting down a slurry of shorthand. Another minute later he nodded in satisfaction. "Right, I've got it all. If you'll walk back to the office, we can go over the results."

Lily gave him a suspicious look. "I couldn't read any of that," she said, "are you sure it worked right?"

"It doesn't work that way," James explained. "You have to learn the script it uses, which is an obscure dialect of dwarven. Very old." He shooed them along, irritation overtaking his desire to ogle as he hustled the pair back into the entry hall.

"Now I'll write it out for you in plain script," James said, pulling out a broad sheet of parchment and decoding his notes onto it. "Bear in mind that these numbers are relative - just our best guess at identifying how the orb perceives your natural talents. A 70, for example, means that you're in the seventieth percentile for that trait among adventurers. Most trainees and apprentices fall around the 20's. Low scores aren't something to be worried by, they simply reflect a lack of experience which is to be expected." He ran back through his notes, comparing it against the completed paper. "Hmm. Well, here we are then. Strength is your physical power, that's at 19. Agility is 47, which is exceptional. Cunning 22. Endurance 21. Willpower 14. And, uh. Your Charisma is in the 102nd percentile."

James frowned and looked up at Brennan. "Sir, I think we should re-take the examination," he said. "I'm terribly sorry for the inconvenience, but I must have misread the number, that shouldn't be possible."

"It's alright, James. You know the numbers can be unusual sometimes, especially with elves."

"I suppose... well, alright then." He passed a typed list to Lily. "These are the list of classes you can choose to train in, as a beginning adventurer - they're not anything absolute, mind you. Think of each as a generalized set of skills to help the guild set you up with contracts, trainers, group work, and other things of that nature more effectively. Based on your results, I'd strongly recommend training as a Priest or Paladin. Are you a particularly devout individual?"
