 Sa'ani lay on her stomach on her bed, clad in her typical tight leather pants and harness that served as a shirt, reading a battered novel. Maiirn was nowhere to be found, off on a bounty. And Sa'ani had the afternoon to herself. Typically, she would have something to do. Hunting small game, visiting Versteckt or running to Shattrath for a show. Today she had nothing to do at all.

So, she found herself lost in the pages of her favorite book. And of course her book couldn't be just a normal romance novel, it was basically smut. And the content was arousing her more than usual. The chapter she was on normally did nothing for her, but the last time she had read it was before she met Maiirn. The chapter was about two large, brawny Trolls taking a human female at the same time. The mere thought of this sent her hormones raging.

She closed her book and rolled to her book, chewing her lower lip in thought. With a devilish grin she put the book on the night stand and walked across the room. Shedding clothing along the way. Now naked she bent over the pack she never bothered to unpack, and with good reason. She retrieved a bottle of thick oil and two toys, one gnomish, the other goblin in design. She placed them on the bed, before racing across the room to lock the door. She practically leapt on to the bed and then frowns slightly. Getting back up she scrounged for something to place under the bed underneath her.

Finding the towel she had used earlier in the day, she spread it out on the bed and arranged herself on top of it. One hand strayed to her breasts, the other to her nethers. Her finger tips caressed the soft skin of her nipples, causing them to harden under her touch. The fingers of her other hand trailed along her slit for a few moments before separating her nether lips and moving to the sensitive node. She moaned quietly and then blushed deeply. She pulled her pillow close enough to bite if need be.

She returned to pleasing herself with just her fingers, squirming slightly under her own touch. She quickly brought herself to a small orgasm. Without hesitation she grabbed the bottle of oil and poured some on her fingers. Fingers that she gently pushed into her rear hole. Pushing them in and out, and turning the slightly, she bit her pillow, to suppress a satisfied cry. She continued this for a short while, until she could tell her rear hole was relaxed enough. She slowly pulled her fingers from herself, reaching for the smaller of the two toys. The gnomish one.

She poured oil on that too and then very slowly pushed it into her backside. Letting it fill her inch, by precious inch, before pushing the little button on its base. As it started to vibrate within her she arched her back in oblivious pleasure. After a bit of this she reached for the larger one, pouring oil on that one too.

Licking her lips hungrily she pushed it into her nethers, faster than the one in her rear hole, but still deliciously slow. With a small click she turned that one on too, reacting with a shocked gasp. Biting her lip guiltily, she took either toy by its base and started to ravage herself. She bit down on her pillow hard, keeping her moans and cries contained. She kept going at herself, bringing her body to the brink of orgasm and then easing off over and over again. Building and building until she couldn't stand it any longer. She allowed herself to cum. She thrashed slightly in the throes of pleasure until her orgasm subsided. 

Both toys still buzzing quietly within in her, she chuckled breathily. She lay there unmoving, trying to decide if she wanted to bring herself to another orgasm. There was a soft knock on the door, followed by Maiirn's voice. "Sa'ani? Why is the door locked?"

Her eyes opened wide and she pulled the two toys from her with a wince. "Just a minute, Sweet One!" She cried, trying to keep the panic from her voice. She turned the toys off and wrapped them in the towel, before throwing it on the floor. She pulled on one of his shirts while racing to the door.

"What are you doing in there?"

She opened the door, cheeks flushed and the oil and her nectar dripping down her inner thighs. "Sorry love, I was just napping..."

Maiirn's nostrils flared as he caught Sa'ani's scent. The massive Tauren shifted his head to look at her better. A grin crept onto his muzzle and he chuckled lowly. "Napping my left hoof, Sa'ani... You look like a child caught stealing sweets." The elven huntress toyed with the hem of the huge shirt she had thrown on, her cheeks flushed. And he waited for her to say something, his grin widened.



Without a word he grabbed her by the waist and effortlessly swung her over his broad shoulder. Sa'ani squealing happily as he did. His hand ran up her inner thigh and pressed against her nethers and her squeal turned into a soft moan. He kicked the door shut behind him and then tossed her down onto the bed. Maiirn raised his hand to his nose and deeply inhaled. "Your scent tells me what you were doing." His tongue snaked between his fingers, licking away her nectar.

Sa'ani bit her lower lip and smile coyly. "And what was I doing my love?" She asked, pulling the shirt off over her head.

"You were having too much fun by yourself." He crawled onto the bed and pinned her naked body under him. He was so careful not to crush her with his sheer size, but there was no way she could escape. "What got you going?" His voice low and rough in her ear.

Sa'ani planted a kiss on his nose. "I was reading a book."

"A book?" Maiirn said snorting softly.

"Yes. A book. I was reading about two troll men taking a human girl at the same time." She admitted with a touch of reluctance. Her brow furrowed slightly.

His fingers smoothed her brow and he grinned down at her. "Show me."

"The book?"

"No... The way you touched yourself. I want to watch."

Sa'ani's cheeks turned the most interesting shade of crimson. "You want to watch me?" She squeaked.

"Yes." Maiirn kissed her lips and then down her body. His tongue flicking her left nipple, before snaking around the piercing, tugging gently. He pushed off of her and then settled at the foot of the bed.

Sa'ani reached over the side of the bed, fetching the still buzzing bundle. She fished out the toys and clicked them off. "I can't believe I'm going to this." She muttered softly as she put the drying cloth down on the bed and then scooted onto it. She snatched the little bottle of oil from her nightstand. "I hope you enjoy the show Mai." She scowled at him.

"I know I will, and stop scowling at me. If you can do it for yourself, you can do it for me." A feral gleam to his eye, his grin mischievous.

She flopped back, legs splayed and her left hand went to her breast, tugging at her nipple ring. Her right hand slipped between her legs. Sa'ani's middle finger disappeared into her nethers and drew tight circles on her clit. Maiirn place his hand on her calf and started to gently massage her. The huntress lifted her head and stuck her tongue out at him, making him laugh lowly.

After teasing herself for a few minutes while trying to forget she had an audience, a difficult feat since he was still rubbing her leg, both hands left her body. She picked up the smaller of the two toys and her little bottle of oil. She only used a little this time, her nethers were still dripping and her backside slick. With a soft exhale she lowered the toy to her backside and pushed it in. She couldn't help but to cry out in pleasure as it penetrated her. Maiirn's hand drifted up to her thigh, making Sa'ani squirm slightly. She reached for the other, larger toy, but didn't bother to pour any oil on it, she was wet enough without it. She sank it into her nethers, crying out again as she clicked them both on. Her hands on one, pulling and twisting them in and out her body. 

Maiirn grunted softly and his hand became rougher on her thigh. Sa'ani writhed under her own touch, her back arching and her hips bucking. She rolled up onto one hip and reach around so she could fuck her rear hole harder. She was oblivious to the sound of tearing cloth as Maiirn's Taurenhood freed its self from his trousers. Her nethers were sensitive from her previous orgasm and she was so turned on by giving Mai this little show that she found herself peaking quicker than normal. She cried out, as always a little too loudly and she came, hard. Her nectar gushed out on to the toy in her front. With a little groan of want Maiirn reached out and gently pulled the toy out of her nethers, and as he did, she squirted. Not very much, but certainly enough for him to take notice.

Sa'ani gasped and her hands flew to cover herself, her knees slamming shut. "Sorry!" She squeaked.

He grinned at her sudden bashfulness, and placed his big hands on either of her knees. "What are you sorry for?" He asked lowly as he gently forced her legs back open. "I enjoyed watching you."

"But, I..." She struggled against his hands, trying to close her legs. The huntress quickly gave up, her legs stronger than her arms, but still no match against Maiirn's shear strength.

"No buts. I want you." His hands left her knees and grabbed her wrists. He pulled Sa'ani unceremoniously on to his lap.

"Gah!" She yelped as she was yanked, the toy still buzzing away in her backside causing an odd pressure. Maiirn situated her so the she straddled his lap, his massive length resting against her stomach. Once she was how he wanted her, she straightened up, the pressure from her toy vanishing.

He grinned like a villain and flexed his cock, making it slap her stomach. She kissed him roughly and one hand wrapped around his Taurenhood, the other capturing his tail. As their tongues danced his hand slid down her body and onto her rump, smacking it once before taking the toy in his hand. Sa'ani's hand firmly stroking up and down his shaft, the other toying with the tip of his tail.

Her kisses left his maw and trailed down his neck, to his chest. The huntress growled softly as he started to pump the toy in and out of her rear hole and she bit down on his chest. A low rumble formed in Maiirn's throat and the animal he fought so hard to hide began to creep out. His muzzle starting to appear more like a bear and less like a Tauren, his body growing, muscle bulking and the length and thickness of his cock growing in Sa'ani's hand. "You're in trouble." He snarled at her.

Her eyes mirrored the frenzy and need in his. "Punish me then. Show me how bad I've been." Maiirn ripped the toy out of her rear and then pushed her to all fours. Her normally tight little asshole was gaping open from having the toy in her for so long. He groaned lowly and pushed his massive cock into her gaping hole. Sa'ani pushed back against him, his length sliding home with ease. He bottomed out and then pulled his cock nearly out of her before slamming back into her roughly.

She didn't bother to bring her fingers to her clit, Maiirn's testicles slapped her clit with each of his thrusts. He pulled her up to her knees by the shoulders. He wrapped one arm around her waist and the other went into her hair. He pulled her head to the side and bit down hard where her neck met her shoulder. She cried out and reached up and behind her, taking a handful of his mane.

He continued to ravage her from behind and the hand that held her around the waist moved between her legs. He caught her swollen clit between two claws, pinching and twisting. Maiirn tightened his jaw, biting harder. Sa'ani screamed in orgasm and her nectar ran down her thighs. Her muscles shuddered around his cock, almost trying to milk his orgasm from him.

His teeth left her neck and he ran his tongue along her ear, hot breath washing over her. "I've punished one hole, but I'm not finished with you yet." His voice more animal than anything else. Maiirn released her clit and pushed her back down to her hands and knees. She whimpered as he pulled his throbbing cock from her rear. She opened her mouth to protest, but before any words could pass her lips Maiirn pushed the tip of his cock against her nethers. He ran his cock along her slit, covering her nether lips in his pre-cum.

"Fuck me... Please... I want your cock in my pussy. Mai, I need it!" She pleaded softly. He chuckled and the pushed into her sex. He met only a moment's resistance before her cervix gave into his cock and was hilted deep in her womb. Sa'ani bucked against his shaft as he took her hips in his paws. Maiirn began to thrust, but this time she matched his thrusts. He flexed his cock inside her, making her squeal in pleasure.

The low, deep rumble returned to his throat and the pace of his thrusts quickened. He pulled her back up to her knees and then his hand went back to her hair, pulling at the roots. His hot breath rolled over her ear and then he bit down on her neck again. Between his teeth, arm and cock, Sa'ani was pinned in place, but she caught his tail as it brushed along her breast. Maiirn shuddered in pleasure as she massaged his tail. He pushed into her so deep that bulge formed on her lower stomach. The low rumble in his throat had been growing and was now a roar of lust, primal, animal.

Maiirn's teeth and grip on Sa'ani tightened and she gasped as she was taking in her fourth orgasm. She thrashed against him and cried out in frenzied release. Her nethers contracted around him, gripping his cock. His orgasm followed hers quickly, his roar became o groan as his cum poured into her pussy. He released a flood of his seed deep into her womb. He let Sa'ani go and she fell back onto all fours.

His voice course and animal, he spoke. "I want your mouth." She smiled and pulled herself off his cock, his seed spilling out. She turned to face him. Sa'ani took his cock in her hand and pushed it into her mouth, drinking down the last spurts of his cum, some escaping her lips. Satisfied that his torrent of seed had ended she began to run her tongue over his cock, cleaning away all their fluids. She gasped and moaned in pleasure throughout the entire process. Maiirn's hips occasional bucked towards her as he looked down at her cleaning his cock. She ran her tongue once more along his length and look up at him, smiling shyly. She had swallowed more than she normally did, her face and chest only a little less covered in his cum. Maiirn's features had softened to normal, the beast sated for now, he hugged her tight to his chest, cradling her naked body.

"What am I going to do with you?" He whispered lowly in her ear.

"What?! This was your idea!" She burrowed her face in his chest. 

"You tease me. I think you do it on purpose." His eye glinting mischievously.

"It's not my fault you came back so soon."

"I'm glad I did." He lifted her face to meet his. They kissed.