 Author's note 1: In the Serrahsha language a ; means a click noise. And Serrahsha use voice inflection instead of facial expressions to broadcast emotions (i.e. a smile is a happy, gentle voice)

Author's note 2: Still no editor, I AM looking for one .If you are one and like what you see, PLEASE send me your e-mail through feedback.

Author's note 3: The sex in this chapter is minimal because of the nature of Serrahshan sex. But everyone involved in sex acts is an adult, the humans being at least 18.

Author's note 4: I thank you for your feedback, but I'd like some NEGATIVE feedback as well. If I know what you DON'T like about my stories (Other than the spelling- I KNOW I have trouble there ;) ) I can improve them. What I'm aiming for is being attractive to a Publishing Company. I had friends that thought I shouldn't bother… I'm no longer in touch with them, I've also had friends tell me I'm real good.

Enough from me…

An Alien Spider's Love prt 02

Opening To New Ways

Dahlia was amazed at the Serrahsha city of No Regrets, A city constructed of silk and decorated with precious metals and gemstones. Torroto was explaining what the buildings they passed by or over were. Dahlia asked, "Are there any homes here?"

"Only apprentices live in the city proper, Anna would call this the Commercial zone of the city. The living caverns are all around this cavern and we keep our industries as clean as possible and on the surface. What really amazes your people is that each building has its own clean power source. "

Myra nods, "That is what I'm the maddest about. If The Harvest Corporation wasn't being big jerks The Federation would have cheep, easily available power. Think how such power sources would revolutionize Star Travel at the very least."

Torroto does a click/chuckle at that and Myra thumps his back, "Are you ever going to explain why you find that statement funny?"

"Maybe," click/laughs Torroto, "But not right now."

Myra slaps Torroto's back, "You always say that…"

Dahlia queries Myra tensely, "Why do you keep hitting Torroto and why does he take that from you?"

Torroto click/chuckles, "I don't feel the hits as a human would. It's more spread out and dulled, thanks to my chitin the hardest any unarmed human can do is a rough tap. The caresses however…" Torroto made a whistle sound that was explained as a sexy moan as Myra petted the place she had just hit.

As they were climbing over another office, Torroto announced, "And now, a good look at our destination, The Weaver Palace!"

Massive silk orbs, bigger than any that made the city proper bejeweled a massive column that rose from the center of the lake that covered most of the bottom of the cavern that No Regrets hung in to the roof of the cavern three-quarter a mile above that lake. The city stopped about forty feet from its mean diameter and was only connected to it by nearly invisible silk bridges that looked easy to cut. The way the place's windows were cut and stained and the Gems and metals were interwoven in the walls The Weaver's Palace looked more like a work of art than what Torroto stated what it was, "A city's Weaver's Palace is where all City functions are routed from, all City business takes place, all the Caste and guild headquarters are in there, it's where the governors meet, It has the best, highest end and most expensive shops and bazaar and it's were the prisoners are given their assignment masters. I should take you there first…"

"Why?" Dahlia asked.

Torroto sighed, "I captured your rapists that had chased you and caught you. It's up to you to tell us whether you want to control any of their punishment duties and you may give testimony to either defend or convict them and the contents of that testimony will set the price of the rental fee which often determines how long they have to work and who buys master rights."

"'Master Rights?' Like slaves?" Dahlia asks horrified.

"No," Torroto replies, "The prisoners have full rights and must be paid a stipend for the work they are assigned or do which includes food, clothing, housing and medical coverage. The cost of the rental fee just determines how many work hours the person must complete before they are finished with their punishment. We also try to match the prisoner's skill to who gets them, so they are comfortable. At least, whenever possible keeping in mind what crimes they have committed."

Dahlia thought about it, it was better than some Federation member's penal codes, "OK, I think I can accept that."

Torroto nodded, Anna and Myra had trouble with their punishment system too, at least until it was explained, many Humans did and he had learned that in a very pre-FTL era some humans owned one another as property. To the Serrahsha it was as barbaric as eating another intelligence, to witch Anna had responded, "That happened too," when he told her their view. He was SO glad most humans had got past those stages! He was then told by his Ferrarien Airray Trrrushmure that by the standards of many species the Serrahsha were a gentle people.

But even they had a breaking point.

Torroto scurried forward and across a bridge. On the other side there were two Serrahsha resting on either side of a door into a silk orb. One had a Companion on his back while the other was shivering and his abdomen had a slight bulge. Dahlia asked, "What's wrong with him, is he sick?"

Just then the Serrahsha gave a scream and his crack opened up dropping a nude human male who also roared in orgasm. As Torroto scampered by a confused Dahlia asked, "That wasn't a male Serrahsha?"

Torroto click/chuckled, "Ahhh… Well, Serrahsha Sex is complex. Let's see… Anna called us a hermaphrodite species; most of us have both sexes but can chose which one is active at what time. True Males, like myself, and True Females only make up ten percent of our population and in us only one sex set truly functions so… You still can call anyone not obviously female a 'he' but the truth is most Serrahsha are unsexed as far as a standard Duel Sex is concerned."

"Oh, that kind of makes the thought of sex with you sort of easier…" Dahlia muttered.

Neither Torroto nor Myra understood that, but it WAS sort of encouraging.

Torroto went thru the door into a place where Serrahsha Weavers were constructing clothing around humans, some Companions were helping as well as people with bracelets, who Dahlia assumed was the punished ones.

Dahlia asked, "Why are you making so many human cloths? There can't be that much call for them."

Torroto click/chuckled, "Serrahsha take a long view of a situation. If we win, which we plan on doing, we'll need money to rebuild which we can get by having product on hand to sell and spreading it to several markets. Also our Constructors and Miners are exultant income earners. Not to mention what our Hunter, Harvester, and Artist Castes."

Myra interjected, "And you should include The Strategist Caste, there are non-military applications for strategists, such as lawyers, media programmers and corp -- ahhh…"

"What would corporations want strategists for?" Torroto asked more curios then furious, because he knew that not all corporations were as bad as Harvest Corp.

Myra looked too cautious, so Dahlia answered, "They use them to plan what to do next or how to promote themselves."

"Oh… Why would someone believe this war would advance Harvest Corps purpose?"

Myra and Dahlia looked at one another, "We have no idea."

Torroto nods, he had thought so. Then he headed down a strand for five orb levels, he then scuttled one quarter of the way around the column and into the bottom of another orb. Inside were rows of seats and tables with humans doing small tasks under the watch of an enormous 38 foot Serrahsha.

Dahlia gasped, "I didn't know you could grow that big!"

Torroto makes a low whistle, his version of a sigh, "We usually don't, but she is a Berserker Caste. Order keeps this one calm so she keeps order over the prisoners. Berserkers like Poj;izefae are a rare genetic anomaly that doesn't shift forms with what they eat, they grow over large and become highly aggressive and dangerous when not kept calm, but if kept so they are one of the best of The Serrahsha's Castes. It's amazing to most of us, but some prisoners are so taken with them that they become companions of a Berserker. I understand the attraction myself," but he didn't explain and Poj;izefae had spotted them.

"Ah, Torroto!" Her powerful voice boomed, "It is always a pleasure! So is the second female this Dahlia my new Companion has been talking about? He's been worried and I believe that what he's been telling me is the truth. Don't I Billy?"

Billy Stone, who was the only corporate security guard who was nice to Dahlia, popped his head over Poj;izefae's shoulder, "Hi Dahlia! I've been worried about you since I saw blood bubble from your lips as the doc and Miss. Nanosmith lifted you into Mr. Torroto's womb."

Poj;izefae quickly corrected, "It's a Pouch not a womb, deer. I have a womb, but it's connected to my pouch as his testicles are connected to his. To have sex two Serrahsha shove the backs of their pouches out."

But Dahlia didn't care about that, it was, "Billy? What the hell are you doing here? You don't belong in this prison!"

"You will need to explain Dahlia, and testify about the other five," Poj;izefae motioned to the nearby wall where five men hung in silk cocoons.

Dahlia glanced over there, "Who cares about those bastards, they put me through hell, if you can do the same to them that would be nice. But Billy, he stopped the worst of what they tried, even getting a pounding when he tried to stop some things that they tried."

"And what was Billy doing there that night?" Torroto asked.

"I- I'm not sure, all I remember was running, being chased, tripping, then my usual rapists catching me, and then I passed out. I don't remember him."

"I heard about her escape," Billy stated, "And ran after them. I got there after the first guy got done and I slammed into the second, we fought and I was clobbered from behind. I don't remember much until I woke as Torroto carried me into No Regrets."

Torroto nods, "I found him uncontshus not to far from Dahlia tied up, I found it curios and brought him with us. It is standard to bring odd people to this facility, so I brought him here and gave him a green band, signifying that he was here as a matter of form. This is one reason I wanted to bring you here, Dahlia. He inquired to your health soon after waking up, so we thought he might not be in on your rapes."

Billy smiles down at Torroto, "And I thank you for introducing me to my Poj;izefae!"

Dahlia wonders if there is a narcotic in the lubricating fluid until Poj;izefae smirks at Torroto, "He's like this even before we've had sex!"

Billy blushes. Dahlia smiled, his reaction was normal for him when he likes somebody though she was amazed that it happened so fast. Of course she was starting to enjoy Torroto's calm demeanor, but she was afraid that maybe she was being affected by some latent addiction from the lube she was dosed with, but with Billy being unfucked she could relax and enjoy being with Torroto.

She then slid off of Torroto's back and walks over to the hanging men.

The first one she walked up to snarled, "When I get out of this I'm going to have you reprogrammed into a bitch in heat who only likes my dick!"

"Michal Razorson here has claimed to have killed one hundred Serrahsha. He also claims the company has given him five woman reprogrammed to that fantasy. I only believe the last half of his claims. He also was the one who liked to whip me the most. I needed the regen tank after each beating," Dahlia recounts then moves to the next. Each of the other four had a similar tale attached to them and all but one threatened her. That one pleaded for mercy from the Serrahsha.

After that Poj;izefae handed her a slip that had 750,000 trade units written on it, "What is this about?" Dahlia queried.

Poj;izefae click/chuckles, "That is what the estimated total of the rental fees for this five comes to. It is a partial compensation for what they have done to you. The other half is knowing that these lugs are going to be working at some of our hardest jobs for humans." She turns to the one who begged for mercy, "I've a Grand Weaver wanting a new male modal, it's hard work for a human, but it is not dangerous as long as you behave yourself. "

"I'll do it. I took my frustrations as a harem guard out on Dahlia."

"Shut it, you week willed worm!" Growled the first one, "Do you have no Pride!?! Be a man and refuse to work for these disgusting bugs! You only did what a True Man does when he wants a woman!"

The three who hadn't been involved yet did had the decency to look embarrassed before Billy growled, "Should we send a message to that Hunter that was in here yesterday that we have someone for him to use as live bait?"

"Not him, he has had too many humans die for my taste and I've always been leery of renting humans to Serrahsha who doesn't want Human Companions. But I think your idea's a good one, I'll send a message to my friend Hunter Tritudtwas."

The trio said 'see you' to Poj;izefae, Billy and the three companions that popped out of her pouch, as the phrase 'good by' is considered bad luck by the Serrahsha.

Torroto then climbed up the column until near the top, then over to a separate orb that had a computer lock and the warning: Restricted Access, Grand Strategist Torroto's Court Only. Serrahshan violators will spend time on the lake.

Dahlia was confused, "What is wrong with the lake?"

Myra chuckled, "Most Serrahsha are afraid of the water and can't swim. Torroto's one of the 'crazies' that loves to swim and he even dives under water, from the lowest tiers of the city, a lot."

"Often near the offending Serrahsha I bet," Chuckled Dahlia thinking 'That's her Torroto. -- Wait, did I just think of him as MY Torroto? Huh??? I barely know him…'

Torroto sighs, "She's there already Myra… And smart enough to realize that things are not normal. Dahlia… Serrahsha are sort of empathic/telepathic. We can't control it and it only causes bounds to form faster between people who would form bond in other ways. This may have happened in time without my abilities."

Dahlia thought about it a moment, "It's alright, I'm assuming that the abilities are the result of an evolutionary need? And they work on Serrahsha even better?"

Torroto click/laughed, "In most cases; Yes, but some, like me, have trouble connecting. Before Anna I had no friends, no one I met could connect with me for my first twenty sentient years I had no friends. Then I met an alien creature and bonded. Others with my problem met and bounded with other aliens. They brought us together and the thirteen of us bounded and we formed The Court. When the Harvest Corporation ripped the First Companions from us WE became the leaders of the resistance. The only true leaders on Trallivane, The Outcasts… And I'm their leader."

The importance of Torroto and her real value to him hit her, "You need someone to keep you connected to your people. They are afraid of you! Every Serrahsha we met on the way here, except for the few you have called by name, avoided getting close to you, but they all waved at me and Myra! You need a spy."

"More like an investigator," Myra corrected.

"Yes," Torroto click/laughs, "But you must forgive Dahlia's assumption, because she IS a spy, from the Harvest Corporation Headquarters I'm guessing?"

Dahlia sighs, 'So much for my cover,' She thinks, "Yes, but it was only suppose to be on this branch of the Company's relationship with the Serrahsha. How did you know?"

Torroto sighed, "We're TELEPATHICLY bonding, remember? We know each other better than you think… And you and Myra need to sleep in the same hammock tonight so your bond can form."

'Of course, My Torroto like his companions to be each other's companions as well,' Dahlia thought, then quickly realized that that thought was in reaction to information from Torroto's head.

Torroto punched in the code to the Court's chamber into the lock and crawled down into the sphere. The lights came up as they entered revealing an eleven foot Serrahsha with a five foot four nude woman eagerly crawling into his six foot pouch. As soon as she was inside the pouch it snapped shut, leaving a sixteenth of an inch opening that air could flow through, sealing her in for the duration of the sex.

Myra giggled, "Is my camerawoman being shy again Poshrouppoe?" she teased.

"Hell no, Myra, Lidia is more insatiable than Riven, my first Companion," he responded.

"Riven Price?" Dahlia gasped, pulling Poshrouppoe's attention to her. At his confused nod, she continued, "He's my uncle, he suggested that I get the company to investigate the Trallivane branch, he never told me why though. But now I can guess!"

Poshrouppoe quickly jumped to his Companion's defense, "Now I'm sure he didn't mean-"

She stopped him by raising her hand and saying, "Never thought he did, but the head bosses weren't sure if it was worth a full team, so I volunteered because my Uncle was sure something was wrong and he has never been wrong before. I'm hoping the Board took notas of my not contacting them since I got here three months ago, but I'm not counting on it."

Poshrouppoe relaxed and then gave a shivery moan and half collapsed, "MMMmmm, I love how she feels in there, but I DO really miss your Uncle…"

Dahlia smiles, "I'm sure he misses you too. I have a question that would be crass amongst humans: Why are you so small?"

Both Serrahsha erupted into a click storm of laughter. Then Torroto explained, "This is Grand General Poshrouppoe, one of the Warrior Caste."

"And I'm (Oooohhhhh…) LaRGe for my Caste," Poshrouppoe Injected, "Now I'll get me and Lidia out of here so you three ha -- ave no distractions." And he scuttled out.

Then a new voice spoke, "Good evening Miz. Dahlia I've been eager to meet with you after Master Torroto Had told me about you and- By My Makers! Is that your data gauntlet? OHHHHHH! I think I'm in love… would you be so kind to bring her over here, Miz Dahlia, so we could have our first make out session?" A spotlight then highlighted a D.G. Cradle

Dahlia realized that the speaker was Torroto's computer, "You're an Artificial Sentience? But that's imposable with all know computer designs!"

"You mean all known Mechanical designs Companion Dahlia," came a rich, deep voice rang out as a unique looking Serrahsha came slowly into the light. His front left leg was missing at the hip, the left large compound eye was gone and there was deep furrows carved into his chitin. He continued, "I am Grand Inventor Mosttomvone, the lead inventor of Torroto's little group. I must inform you Companion, that a full Eighty Percent of Serrahsha tech is organic in nature as most items are made from different compositions of our silk. Somehow this simple fact allows Sentience in our version of your computers. We treat them as we would any other intelligent and let them choose their owners," His speech patterns may have been formal, but there was a friendly tone in his voice.

He then chuckles, "Now that you are here, I'm assuming that Torroto took you by the Punishment Markets," At her nod, he continued, "I was looking at one of your rapists for a test subject for things I got to the Intelligences testing stage. If you would excuse me, I want to get there before a bunch of others discover that they are up for adoption," And he scuttled off a little slower than other Serrahsha.
