 Author's note 1: All persons engaged in sex are fully adult (Over 18 for humans)

Author's note 2: I'm going to look for a publisher/agent for this book so I'm going to keep writing 'An Alien Spider's Love' but I want to talk to one before I post any more. If you are a reputable agent or publishing house rep. please use the feedback thing to send me your compinies name, number, address/city and your name and corprit E-mail. Please don't yell at me for this. And I will keep writing other stories for Lit (Home Body -- Non Human is the main one now).

Author's note 3: Still no editor yet, but I did get a Dictionary and a Thesaurus to help get more words right. Please no coments about spelling.

An Alien Spider's Love

Chapter 3

As The Petals Spread

Dahlia was sorting through all the data she and Torroto's A.S. computer Xeno Rade now had access to, which included Everything The Harvest Corporation knew, "Torroto, you were right, they are just waiting for Myra to show herself. They even have a Clone-and-Reprogram order out for her, seams they want her clone to tell The Federation their side of the invasion and they want to send Myra back to you as an assassin! They have guessed that she is your type. Wait… crap! They've got one on me too…" she brought her vision out of the electronic realm to the real, "I can see everything they have, what do you want me to do?"

Torroto was shocked and furious, 'How Dare They!' He thought, and then he realized that she was so ready to strike back at the company, "I need you to find a ship that can hide from corporate scanners and land on Trallivane and take off without detection."

After three minuets Dahlia smiled, "I've a Helvivion Courier that will be here tomorrow, It's cloaked so they can't see it how they have their scanners. I can because I hacked the government 'free' files to get the filters that can."

"Free files?" Queried a confused Torroto.

Dahlia nodded, "The Federation, and The Empire, has files that if you're a good enough hacker you can get 'Hidden' programs that are not safe enough for public distribution and use. The theory is if you're good enough to get in to them you should be smart enough to use them wisely enough NOT to get caught with them. A 'smart' level 11 could hack these easy enough but the best they have here are 'dumb' 14's who are not good enough (in either sense of the fraise) to do so. By the way, for those who don't understand, a 'smart' hacker is most often a good guy or someone who would only hack in the course of their job. 'Neuters' only hack for their fun and wouldn't abuse the stuff too badly. The 'Dumb' hackers are most often the criminals or sloppy hackers that would often misuse the stuff."

If Torroto was human his eyes would have bulged while absorbing the information, but his eyes bulged out anyway so he just stared at Dahlia for a moment (Staring is easy for Serrahsha however, they have no eyelids).

He then asked, "Can you contact them?"

Dahlia smiled, "Too easy, I can even give you a live feed without them finding out. It's contacting The Federation or Empire that I can't do, the FTL-LD compressor is disconnected, the physical component I mean, very smart."

Torroto nods, "Xeno Rade, I need ComSat now!" He barked(ish), as he stepped over to Dahlia and started to nibble her hair, "Let's talk to them now."

When the Helvivion bridge came up Torroto resisted the urge to salivate because they looked like giant Noko, giant ant-like creatures that Serrahsha Weavers consider a delicacy, and started, "I am The Serrahsha Grand Strategist-"

"Hive-sister, call the Human-Man Admiral, I think this Mon- ah… Individual will need to talk to him."

"Aye Hive-Captain."

Torroto click/chuckled, "Don't worry, about almost calling me a monster, ma'am, I've been wondering how tasty you'd be if you weren't intelligent …"

The Helvivion captain was click/laughing when the Human Admiral walked in earning her an odd look, then he caught a look at Myra and did something that caused him to get weird looks, "I-I-I?"

Myra lent forward, "Byron? When did you get promoted?"

While Byron kept fish-facing, Torroto asked, "You know this man Myra?"

Myra rubbed Torroto back, "Don't worry, my Torroto, he's just my brother."

"They said you went missing last year!" Byron gasped, "They told us that they thought HE might have killed you!" He pointed at Torroto, "And you're his LOVER?"

"Harvest Corporation has been lying about a lot Bro," Myra stated, "And I've got all the proof I need to bury them, I just need to get it off world."

The Helvivion's navigator stated, "Informative update: Diverting to pick up potential passenger would only add three hours at most to E.T.A., if it's a scoop and run, to Imperial home world and we will be twenty hours ahead of schedule at that point. However; we'd need a secure landing field."

Dahlia had just finished checking the map of No Regrets, "There's a star dock here Torroto, should I give them coordinates?"

Torroto sighs, then nods, "If Admiral Nanosmith wants to pick up his sister, send the tasty looking aliens the coordinates and I'll get the word out to the Weavers, and related Castes, that they are sentient and not to be eaten. But," he looks at the Helvivion captain, "You should advise your crew not to wander to far from your ship."

Byron nods, "But I've a meeting with the Empress to discuss the invasion of this world requested by The Harvest Corporation after their ace spy went missing after she started investigating this branch."

Dahlia giggled, "Ah, they noticed that I went missing!"

And Myra nods, "And I need to talk to Trrrushmure on Torroto's behalf."

"Getting to talk to the head of Imperial Finance wo-"

"WILL be easy once she catches my sent," Myra Sharply interrupts, "We're companions of the same Serrahsha, but the branch here had her and all non native/non human peoples deported."

"I'll need to have that explained later when we have time to argue. I'll see you tomorrow, Sis."

"Tomorrow Bro," Myra responded.

Dahlia disconnected, turned and stared as Myra lifted both fists and slammed them into Torroto's back.

"How come you never told me No Regrets has a Star Dock? And do you guys have Star Ships yet?" Myra yelled.

Torroto shrugged, "We made the Star Dock for the Companions, but it was done a week after Anna died, I never told you because it wasn't useful until now. As for Star Ships we have four non functional Yachts, as in no FTL drive… they'd be useless to get off world with as the corporation's vessels would be able to catch us. Though with the Serrahshan weapons and shielding we could hold off the corporate security space forces for more than long enough for an invasion team to get on planet, and the seven other Serrahshan cities that have Star Docks have a similar number of ships. I've put a data stick on the subject into the report packet."

"Torroto," Poshrouppoe spoke up from the entrance, "Is there a place aboard that ship for a Serrahsha? I should be there as a Serrahshan ambassador as you are the one that actually runs the Warriors as you have the best insight into the human thinking patterns."

"I'll have to ask them when they get here," Torroto said wishfully.

Poshrouppoe suddenly started to click, whistle and hum, and when Torroto responded in kind Dahlia and Myra both realized that they were hearing The Serrahshan Language for the first time ever. Myra looked at Dahlia, "That's odd," Myra stated, "Serrahsha usually don't talk in a way that others can't understand as a matter of politeness."

Dahlia could feel the anger coming off of Torroto however and took a guess, "Have you ever heard them argue, I don't mean just a minor difference of an opinion but REALY argue?" At Myra's shake of her head Dahlia continued, "I bet that it's more polite to them to argue in a language others don't understand then to talk in the same language."

Torroto sighed and responded, "It is, and Poshrouppoe has made some valid points to me. First, I'm not going even though I think I could make a better case."

"That's why you shouldn't go," Dahlia stated, "You're the best chance the Serrahsha have to get help, if they start with you, who's your backup?"

"That was his argument, also, Dahlia: If you wish you may go with Myra… It's unfair for me to hold you here when you want off world…"

Dahlia considered, though she did want off Trallivane, her talents with the computer would be of best use to Her Torroto and Her Harvest Corporation here working to stop this branch of her company.

As she had paused for a while, Torroto was sure Dahlia was going to say that she was going to leave when she came to hug his foreleg that he was shocked to hear, "Thank you Torroto, but it's too soon for me to leave. I'm needed here, and I'd like to see what happens between you and I."

That was the best news to Torroto's ears (so to speak, Serrahsha hear through the vibrations of sounds agents the chitin on their heads) and he emitted a sound of a cheese grater on sandstone, A Serrahshan chuckle.

Suddenly, Dahlia's stomach burbled, "Um… so what's to eat here?"

Myra giggled, "I Hope you like exotic cuisine, we don't get much normal foods here."

"Anything is better than the Nutrient Paste I've been force fed since I came here," Dahlia groused as she climbed onto Torroto's back, "It tastes like shit and leaves you feeling like you haven't ate!"

As Torroto clambered out of the room, Dahlia asked Myra, "How do you get around No Regrets without Serrahsha?"

Myra sighed, "You can't, but when Torroto can't carry us there are plenty Uncasted Serrahsha… Ah, that's Serrahsha that have just hatched from the Pupal Chrysalis into adulthood and are just starting to learn who they are, that will carry any Companion, they are the ones with the bright yellow shells," she then pets Torroto's coal black shell.

He skittered over the roof of the cavern, Dahlia was a bit disconcerted being upside down, hanging from straps as they traveled over the water towards a cubic block of the city, a city that has been round and flowing to that point.

"What's that?" Dahlia pointed at the cube.

"The Alien Companion District," Torroto responded, "It's where you aliens work to help the bonded adjust to the life with a Serrahsha by giving you a sanctuary from us when you need one. Also it's where all the good eateries for your kind are and it's a good place to go when a Serrahsha is hungry as our eating habits are disturbing to non-Serrahsha and feeding for us takes awhile."

At that point they had reached the cube and Torroto started to climb down the side, quickly reaching a platform that had three statues on it. The first she saw was of Anna as she was kneeling and scanning a potted, flowering bush that was planted there so her statue could seem like it was doing so, to that statues right was a Ferrarien holding a large gem stone and staring at it with a jeweler's lens, Dahlia recognized her as a younger Trrrushmure then she had seen on the news, on Anna's left was Myra holding a microphone and pointing at something out to her camera woman (Who wasn't there), then Dahlia noticed a painting on silk that was put up next to Trrrushmure of a battered her, at this point she had slid off of Torroto and walked over to the picture, placing the tips of her right hand's fingers on the blackly purple bruise over her left lower ribs as she gazed into her bruised and swollen face.

Torroto sighed, "I asked Poj;izefae not to paint you battered like this. It was just after I got you here that she saw you like this."

"It's alright, Torroto. Seeing myself like this I now understand why you felt like you had to shove me into your sex since you knew it could save me, and at least she covered my modesty," She pointed at the bands over her breasts and crotch that was painted to look like embroidered silk, "Now I can truly forgive you for doing what you did." Her stomach complained again at that point. Dahlia blushed as she turned.

Myra, who had dismounted from Torroto too, strutted over to Dahlia and reassured her, "No one who lives here will judge you for your body's natural reaction as the Serrahsha wouldn't and the Serrahshan attitudes have leaked into the heads of the Companions. None of us would mind if two people in love were making love in the street, we'd laughingly tell them to get a room though." She smiled, "We are still human in our heads, but the attitude of it has become more Serrahshan. Now let's get you something to eat!"

As the two women walked into The Cube Torroto noticed something that made him hum in pleasure, they were moving with the same patterns which were the mark of them being full Companions with him. Dahlia had accepted her new position and was now the Pouch Sister of Myra and Trrrushmure all she had left to do was want to have sex with him. He'd be patient, He wasn't lying to her when he had told her that that part was up to her.

Inside The Cube Dahlia found the sights and sounds of a busy space station only out of Construction Grade Serrahsha Silk rather than plastic or ceramic plates. Dahlia was surprised at how often Myra was greeted. But what was even more surprising was how often she was greeted by strangers. 'Well maybe I shouldn't be,' She thought, 'Considering that a painting of me was prominently displayed outside of here.'

After five minutes of walking Myra and Dahlia sat on a bench to rest, Myra complained, "The one thing I miss about being normal is my old stamina. Riding Serrahsha back to go anywhere isn't good to keep you fit and they don't understand why we'd want to walk when they're so much better at it."

A man sat beside them with a huff, "You got that right Miss Myra. How's getting off world going?"

"Dahlia here just got me a spot on a ship that can cloak and I'll be headed to Rasshmure," She mentioned the Imperial home world by name, "But all that means is my first stop is Trrrushmure and tell her Her Merruezea needs her."

Dahlia did a double take, "I thought Trrrushmure was Torroto's Companion. Who's Merruezea?"

Myra and the strange man laughed and Myra told her, "High Grand Weaver Merruezea became Grand Strategist Torroto when he changed Castes."

Dahlia's head came up and looked at Myra, "Why?"

The man replied, "His personality changed some when he changed Castes. That is normal when they do so. Torroto is harder, more cunning and wiser than Merruezea. Merruezea cared more about what most Serrahsha thought about him. Torroto cares more for what's best for us all under his care, be it human or Serrahsha. Part of Torroto's decision to change who he was the fact that the elders wouldn't listen when he didn't like The Harvest Corporation's development plan. He stopped fighting when they told him to, that they had made the decision. Then they forced everyone but us and them off world. Then forced the thirteen out of Companion Town, What you now know as Central City. After a while of arguing with the Elders to get them to fight, as they were still trying to negotiate, Merruezea made a tough choice. He let Anna go and try to slip past the guards to get Federation aid. That didn't go well…"

"Torroto mentioned it," Dahlia stated, as they got up to walk as her stomach had protested during the wait.

"Well after that, he decided he couldn't live with himself and started to do something out of character for him, he defied an Elders' edict: He mixed Caste foods in a new way without the Elders' permission. His friends that were the first with Companions with him helped keep it a secret until he shed his old blue with red tiger stripes shell and they marched on the Elders. They were furious and demanded Torroto, as he now is, to go back to being what he was, or at least stop being what he is now and chose an 'approved' Caste. Torroto laughed and shook his head. He told them that the humans were running amok over their planet and it was the elders fault for not listening to him when he was Merruezea and that Torroto would not make the same mistake. One Elder stepped forward and reminded Torroto that he was an Unbondable and must listen to them or the rest of the Serrahsha would believe him a threat.

"Torroto told him that while they were playing by the rules the humans of the corporation were not, and if the Elders continued to bind them with tradition, the Serrahsha would cease to be free. The lead elder told him that the customs were more important than the people, which didn't sit well with those gathered, and that Torroto should surrender to their will. Torroto said 'Fine, if that is how you want it, I and my court challenge the Elders to the right of leadership!'

"It was then that the Elders made a mistake. They ordered the guard to arrest Torroto and his court. Witch ran against the tradition of challenge. My Googtikhuen ordered the guards to stop on his authority as Chief Historian and Lore Keeper that Torroto did have the right to challenge the Elders in this situation and now, because they had obviously decided not to reason whit Torroto's faction, they must decide if they'll concede to Torroto or fight, and, if so on what field of battle to do so. The lead Elder then flung himself at Torroto who moved with a startling speed and beheaded him. Every one froze. Then Torroto hung his head and sighed, 'I really didn't want to do that. Is there any other objection?' The rest of the Elders, seeing his dedication and caring, stepped down and he started his harsh but fair rule. He's a good person, he just scares the bejesus out of most of the Serrahsha he meets, don't know why, no human does…"

Dahlia had a question that came up as they walked. She had spotted small groups of people who were moving exactly the same and were shoulder to shoulder with each other. She started to raze her right arm to point when it tangled with Myra's left arm, "What?" was all she managed to get out.

Myra chuckled, "We're Pouch Sisters now, I'll explain over supper," She then waved at the building ahead of them which bore the nameplate of 'Munarroe's'. Dahlia stared, Munarroe was a famous chef that disappeared five years ago when the planet his restaurant was on was raided, supposedly, by pirates. That the restaurant had his name was something. She, however, didn't know if she hoped he was here or it was named in his honor.

As they walked in she was shocked to hear, "Myra, darling!!! I see you brought a friend!" Dahlia glanced over Myra's shoulder and saw the real Munarroe, a four foot dwarf human, bounced towards them. He reached up and touched Myra's hand, "So how's the Companion to my favorite Serrahsha?"

"Showing my new Pouch Sister the best restaurant in No Regrets," Myra answered, "Is Torroto's Companion table open?"

He smiled, "Always," And he waved them over to a table, "Now I've got to get into the kitchen and start cooking! But first… What do you want today?"

Dahlia looked a little lost and looked to Myra for help. Myra chuckled and replied, "Give us one of your extra large beginner samplers and we'll share."

Munarroe chuckled, he guessed, correctly, that Dahlia had never been to a restaurant that was based on a chief's personality before, and probably had subsided on Quick Pack meals, prepackaged foods that are a you-get-what-you-pay-for deal and is the majority of what's available away from agrarian planets, where raw food ingredients are produced, for most of her life, and walked away.

Myra leaned her head onto Dahlia's shoulder, as they had sat as close as they had been walking, and asked, "How did you know the Helvivia would help? Last I knew we were still at war…"

Dahlia giggled, "You're not the only Nanosmith with a chitinous lover. The war ended when he and the Hive Captain got lost together and were found as a fiercely co-protective couple. The Counsel of Hive Queens were firm on only one part of the treaty, that she and your brother stick together. The Federation found that it was an easy concession to make, even though the Alliance oversight comity people didn't think it was necessary," they both knew that The Alliance is kind of the UN of this day and age, "Now what do you mean when you say we're Pouch Sisters?"
