 "Good god! FUCKIN' TAKE IT!"

"Oh fuck me please... Harder!"

Tom and Sarah's life was full of sex. In fact, they fucked maybe five times a day, and they did it all. They fucked in bed, on the couch, on the floor, tables, walls; they did anal, cunnilingus, the kinkiest stuff imaginable. They were sex machines. However, the only problem with being a sex machine was eventually, things got a little boring.

However, all was fixed when Sarah took a little trip to a thrift shop the town over. Rumor was, the man who owned it had a back room full of sex toys. Turns out, the rumor was a fact.

When Tom got home, he was greeted a little differently then he was used to. His first instructions were to drop his pants. Of course he immediately obliged, taking a curious glance at the big box on the table. While distracted by the box, he didn't even realize his wife slip by and slide a well-lubricated dildo onto his cock until it was firmly in place.

The yellow jelly dildo weighed his cock down greatly, the newly extended size and shape a new feeling to him.

"What the hell?" Tom asked, grabbing the thick extension in his hand.

"Honey, I thought it might spice up our sex, give it a try. Brings a new meaning to being hung like a horse, right?"

Looking down, Tom was shocked to see that the cock extension really was that of a horse's, or at least the closest replica you could get.

"Wha-What?" Tom stuttered, still confused.

"Just come in the bedroom and see if you like it. I've got a surprise for you."

Tom sighed and walked in, stopping abruptly at the door. His wife was rubbing a bluish lube on the tip of a big, fat butt-plug, adding an extra dollop on the tip. With a smile at her husband, she lowered her ass onto the butt plug; the loud squish-pop signaling it was firmly in place. When she raised her ass again, long hairs protruded from it, reaching down to the back of her knees.

"C'mon stud. Be a stallion and fuck me already." Tom grew to erection, the yellow extension complying, hardening as well. Tom put his hand on it and could almost swear he felt a pulse.

Without a moment's more hesitation, Tom hopped on the bed, lining his wife's wet pussy in his sites. Straddling her back, Tom felt his cock meet resistance, and slowly pushed the gigantic member into his wife's pussy, careful not to rip anything. Carefully, Tom pulled back out, and thrust in again, slowly working up to a steady rhythm. On the 5th thrust, he looked down, and nearly passed out with shock. The dildo was no longer yellow, and it was no longer on his cock. It was blackish, with white spots and a bit of pink, and it wasn't a dildo anymore. It was his cock. He felt it quickly with his hand, his new cock reacting with his touch.

"You're gonna fuckin' take this cock, and you're gonna love it!"

"Oooh baby... I'm waiting." She said, getting onto her back and spreading her legs.

Tom obliged, the sixteen-plus inch cock at attention. Sliding it up against his wife's pussy, he slowly inserted it yet again; his smooth skin sliding against his wife's engorged clit. His testicles, now significantly larger as well, slapped against her tight ass. He felt himself reach her limit, her muscles straining to accommodate. He was nowhere near all the way in, but he didn't want to push any farther. However, at this, he sped up the process, beginning to thrust faster into his wife, up until she couldn't contain herself anymore and began leaking wave after wave of cum down her thighs.

With the extra lubricant and his wife's tightening cunt, Tom hit climax. Pulling out quickly, his massive cock rocked, spraying its load across Sarah's chest and face. Wave after wave of cum splashed against her body, her mouth was full and her tits were well lubricated. He finally stopped cumming, his cock flaccid and leaking onto Sarah's bellybutton.

"Oh fuck... Tom... That was fuckin' amazing..."

"Oh shit... Where did you get this? It's genius!"

"Well, I'm glad you like. I got ourselves a few more toys we can try out later."

"I love you so much. You a so fucking sexy when covered in cum." Tom said, massaging his wife's breasts between his fingers.

"I'm gonna go clean up. We can use a different toy each day." Sarah said, getting up off the bed and moving into the bathroom. Tom just sat there, staring down at his new appendage. Was this permanent? How the fuck could he wear shorts without this thing hanging out?

As these thoughts went through his head, the cock began to shrink itself, changing back to Tom's normal cock. The yellow dildo was nowhere to be seen.

"Fuckin' genius..."

-The Next Day-

Tom sat in his office, practically panting. He could not wait to get home, to sink his cock into his wife yet again, wondering what else she had in store for him. It was odd though... Tom couldn't stop himself from checking out every girl in his office. He was fine, up until he had accidentally seen the gorgeous secretary's firebush when she sat on her desk. Now he just found himself at the right place at the right time. A busty blonde woman from accounting had spilt water on herself and Tom had a front row view of her visible, hardening nipples. He found himself seeing thongs, panty lines, and a camel toe here or there. It was hard through most of the day, same as his cock it seemed.

In the long ride home, Tom was glad for tinted windows. He had to have been going 80-plus down the highway, one hand rubbing his cock, the other on the wheel. When he got home, he practically kicked his door down, scrambling inside in search of his wife. He found her on the bed.

She was spread-eagle on the bed, a large leather color around her neck, her large breasts and groomed bush towards the ceiling.

"I've been waiting... I've been such a naughty girl; will you teach me a lesson?" She asked, holding an odd shaped object in her hand. Tossing it to Tom, she got on her hands and knees and thrust her butt out, waiting for her lover's cock.

Tom deftly caught the object in his hand. It looked small, but it had quite a bit of weight to it. Slightly puzzled, he slipped the blue object over his cock and got onto the bed. He began to eat his wife out, at least until the change had occurred, because he knew it would.

When he felt his groin tickle, he looked down. His cock was covered in a sheath of skin, his balls were held tight to his body, full and waiting to be spilt. With little coercion on his part, he gasped as he saw the tip of his cock appear, pointed and red.

Mounting his wife, Tom couldn't stop his body from humping, his cock dribbling hot precum onto the bed. He finally got a hand on it and positioned it right, a quick thrust filling Sarah's hungry cunt. His thick meat pressed in deeper and deeper, his thrusts keeping consistency.

Deeper and deeper he pushed himself, until he couldn't push any further. He knew his wife's pussy like the back of his hand, and he knew he hadn't reached her limit, so why wasn't he continuing forward? Thrusting harder and harder, he heard his wife let out a shrill squeal as he finally got in to where he wanted. However, something was different. He could only pull out so far.

"What the fuck?"

"Huh-huh-Honey... You... You knotted me. I'm your..."

"What?! Knotted? Oh fuck! You're gonna take my cum like the bitch you are." He yelled, trying to slow his body down. He couldn't stop though, his dick kept pounding at her. When he reached her limit, he thrust more and more, physically unable to stop. When he felt his cock breach into her womb, this sent him over the edge, his cock letting loose deep into his wife, spraying his cum against her womb and flooding out into her cunt, held tight thanks to the his barrier. His cum continued to poor out of him, and it was only when his cock began to only dribble fluid did he realize that he was stuck in his wife.

When Tom's knot subsided, a torrent of both Tom and Sarah's cum flowed out of her pussy, coating her thighs and bed alike.

Much like before, his cock had begun to change back to its normal self, but he could feel something different this time. He could feel the dog cock, the horse cock. He could change at will.

-Time Passes-

"Tom? I've got something to tell you... I'm pregnant."

"Say what?"

"I'm pregnant... but don't worry! You can still have sex with me!"

"Honey, I-"

"Now shut up and get in here. Fuck me like the bear you are. After that, you can be my dragon-rider.

-And So-

Needless to say... Tom soon became the fascination of all the girl's in his office, and wasn't shocked when a few had started to get a little bulge in their stomach. After all, what could Tom do?

He was a fucking animal in bed.