 "Don't forget to have fun," those were Aiden's father's parting words to him. Aiden shuffled nervously in the back of the wagon, today was his first day as a warlord, it felt so unreal. Gold had been found in the floating islands off the west coast of Perthaven, and hundreds of immortals of all types rushed over, they were dubbed "warlords" almost jokingly after the sheer amount of fighting that the rush sparked. It had been almost nonstop conflict between the various immortals, and Aiden was rushing headfirst into it. He wasn't there to pillage gold, his wealthy family had more than enough already, Aiden was going west to become a true man, and to learn what that entailed. Aiden was still astronomically young among Immortals, only being twenty years old, while his parents had lived for almost a thousand years. His father had insisted that going west would show him how the world worked. Aiden was suddenly snapped out of his thinking by the person next to him nudging him.

"Addy, look at the fields, aren't they beautiful this time of year?" One of Aiden's family's bitches, a warrioress, Ari was also accompanying him on his journey. She could split her soul and be in two places at once, so her other aspect was currently driving the carriage. She was born to one of his mother's scarlet warrioresses a couple months before Aiden's parents had him. Most bitches don't have names, but when they were younger, he couldn't pronounce warrioress, and Ari just kind of stuck. When his father told him he could take one of his family's bitches to be the first in his harem, she was his immediate choice. 

"I bet that horse would kick you right off of it the moment you tried to climb on it." Aiden fired off a sarcastic remark purely on instinct the moment she was done speaking.

"You know, since you own me now, it's your responsibility to treat me better, I bet if your father heard you he would tell you to be a better gentleman" She began to lean closer to Aiden, playing with his shirt as the carriage trundled down the dirt road.

"What's the matter, I thought you liked our little sparring sessions," Aiden responded in reference to the quips the constantly traded.

"You're right, I just wanted an easy win, but you saw through my dastardly scheme, what's next master? You know..." She paused for a moment biting her lip and taking the opportunity to scoot into Aiden's lap. "You have other responsibilities now that you're my owner."

"You wanna do it right here in the carriage? It definitely wouldn't be the first time." Aiden replied with a smirk. "Try to keep your other aspect on the road this time." Aiden said as he reached lower.

"They say a bitch isn't yours until you bang her, now we'll finally be official." Ari let out a small moan as Aiden's hands finally found their way into her pants. She had been indescribably horny ever since she learned she would have a new owner, now hours of wetness were being felt by her beloved master.

"You've been a good girl, it must have been so hard for you to wait so long, you've been like this since morning, right?" Ari frantically nodded her head as Aiden's fingers tapped on the outside of her panties. "I guess you deserve a reward then." She cuddled into him, muffling her moans on his shoulder. She felt his hand smoothly glide over her hem as he finally made contact with her flesh. Ari felt a spark jump from his hand to her mound, marking her with a sigil above her opening, replacing Aiden's mother's crest that had been present until now. Her body started to react, almost cumming just from his first touch. He lingered there for a moment, drawing a whine from her lips before moving down, avoiding her clit by a hair's breadth.

Aiden leaned down, placing his mouth next to her ear. "Tell me how badly you want it, I want to hear you say it."

She pushed back into him, looking up and meeting his eyes, her own burning with unsated lust, "I want you to fuck me, I want to feel your cum inside me until I can't feel anything else." Ari moved to a kneeling position on Aiden's lap, opening his pants as his boner almost burst out. She gave a little giggle as she took him in her hand. "It looks like someone else wants that too." She moved in for a hungry kiss, stroking him all the while. He revealed her chest, unbuckling the armored corset. Her free hand went to lower her bottoms, a thick strand of moisture connecting them to her crotch. The unneeded garments fell to the ground, cast aside by the horny pair in the heat of the moment. The kiss broke when his tip contacted her nethers. 

"Now it's your turn to beg. Tell me how much you need to be inside me master."

Without missing a beat, Aiden responded. "Every time we have sex, it's like the rest of the world goes away and it's just us. I live every waking moment just waiting to feel you again, I need you so bad."

Ari kissed him on the nose. "You've always been such a hopeless romantic, now let me rock your world lover boy." With that, she dropped onto him, engulfing him fully in her wet heat. She was positively drenched from his teasing earlier, so she slid down his average length with ease. When she hilted him with a wet slap, she pulled him into a hug, pressing her exposed chest to his still clothed one. As she began ascending, she let out a little gasp, it had never been this intense before, even with her old mistress. The sigil above her slit glowed with a pleasantly warm heat, intensifying her pleasure and making her tighten her grip on him. 

Aiden was in heaven the moment she started moving. Sex with Ari was always amazing, but this time felt even more intense. His thought was swiftly interrupted though as she began bouncing on his lap. Loud slaps rang through the air as she bathed his shaft in her juices. If anybody actually used the road they were on, the lusty pair could have been heard going at it from a good way off. Ari's pussy was launching their combined fluids everywhere as she rode him as if her life depended on it. She was moaning her pleasure to the heavens, his shaft reaching into her damp snatch over and over. Aiden felt himself getting close to his peak, clenching his eyes tight and holding on through his lover's loud riding. Suddenly Ari tensed around him, her walls closing in on his member.

"Aiden, I'm cumming, you better fill me up good!" Ari continued her rapid riding as she experienced the height of pleasure. She had never had a peak like this before, Aiden's mark on her pelvis illuminating the space between them. Her scream was silenced with a kiss, Aiden finally giving in to Ari's milking walls and cumming deep in her snatch. His white hot cum came out in such volume and pressure that the first shot almost filled her up completely. He stayed hilted in her through their mutual orgasm, copious fluids splattering the seat from both parties. They both lay there for a moment, her in his lap on the plush seat of the carriage, the seat irrevocably stained by their sloppy tryst.

"I'm impressed," Aiden was the first to speak, recovering from his haze of pleasure. "You managed to keep us on the road this time."

All Ari could manage in response was a blissed-out moan. He looked through the window and noticed Ari's other aspect passed out in the coach driver's seat, strands of fluid connecting her hand and soaked pussy. He also noticed how close to the edge of the road they were getting. "Um Ari, we'll crash if you don't start driving soon."

Both of Ari's aspects seemed to be in a state of bliss, as Aiden realized how close the carriage was to the edge of the road. Taking off his coat, he wrapped it around his now sleeping lover, giving her a kiss before vaulting through the window to take over diving.

_______________

I've done a few stories before, but this is my first stab at anything erotic, and it definitely shows. Criticism in the comments is appreciated, and more chapters are hopefully on the way soon!