 Part 2 (of 7): Oral Enchantments

The naked blonde shivered in my arms twice more, then pushed away from me. The now damp bangs of her pixie cut hung in her face, the blonde strands darkened by perspiration. A smile spread across her lips, and her eyes sparkled with the light of it. 

"You made me come, Tave," Wendy Barrie, known to her friends as TInk, said. I nodded, but I didn't have a chance to reply before her tongue was past my lips. I thrust back with my own. She grabbed my hair in her hands. I raised mine to her boobs, squeezing and twisting. 

"Well, we know what you can do with your fingers," the cute blonde said when our lips parted again. "And in a little bit, we'll see how you do with your tongue. But right now, it's my turn to impress you."

"Oh, you impress me," I grinned down at her, pinching her thick, hard nipples, surprised at the confidence in my own voice. 

"You ain't seen nothing yet, baby" she purred. "And I'm guessing the over the clothes touching bullshit you did with some girl was the same she did for you. Or did she wrap her fingers around your hard, thick cock? Or maybe take the knob in her mouth and suck and lick and..."

"Just through my jeans," I croaked, my new-found confidence from moments before now evaporated. 

"But you know what a BJ is, don't you? You said you've watched porn."

"Yes, I know what a blowjob is," I sighed. 

"But you've never had one, right? You've never had a naked slut drop to her knees, open wide, and suck on your prick until you explode in her mouth?"

"No," I managed to get out over dry tongue and past parched lips. 

"Awww, poor Tave. You want one?"

"Yes," I groaned, wanting nothing more, other than perhaps for my dick to be inside the tightness of her spasming pussy, a sensation I had sampled moments before with my fingers. 

"Okay, and just so you have my affirmative consent, when you come, you can shoot it my mouth."

"Fuck," I moaned, my rigid dick twitching under the constraints of my underwear and costume pants. 

"Okay, here we go," Tink purred, dropping to her knees and mouthing my erection through the layers of material separating those divine lips from my dick. 

"Should I...?" 

"I'll get your pants. You get your tunic, my sexy elf," she snickered.

"Man of Gondor," I whispered as I pulled the costume tunic off. 

"Well, definitely a man," Tink agreed as my cock bounced free of my briefs, which joined the costume pants around my ankles. "And definitely nice and thick."

A warm hand grabbed my shaft, and it twitched again. Looking down at the unbelievable view of Tink on her knees, naked, her hand wrapped around my cock, I wanted more. Before I quite had decided to do it, I put my hand on her head and nudged her face toward the tip of my dick. 

"Not quite yet, Mr. Eager," she laughed, winking up at me. "I like my guys to be all the way naked. Pick up your foot." 

I lifted my right foot, and in seconds Tink yanked off my shoe and then my socks. My briefs and pants followed. 

"Now the other foot," she said, and we both repeated our actions. "That's much better. If you don't learn anything else from tonight, although I'm sure you'll learn lots, at least remember that there's not much less sexy than a guy with his clothes around his ankles, unless it's a guy in just socks. That's just so 'ewww'."

"Ok, I'll remem...uhhh..."

The sensation of Tink's warm wet mouth engulfing the knob of my dick cut off my words. It was like nothing I'd ever experienced before, like nothing I had ever dreamed of experiencing. Even the incredible feel of the buxom blonde's pussy clamping around my fingers as she came couldn't compare to the life-altering reality of her soft lips sucking on the shaft of my cock while her tongue swirled around the sensitive head. 

Instinctively, I grasped her hair, but I wasn't sure if I wanted to pull her lips off to give me a rest from the excruciating ecstasy or push them down farther so more of my dick could be bathed in the wondrous talents of her zealous mouth. Tink made the decision for me, pulling against my hold on her hair to slide her lips down my shaft until it pushed against the back of her throat. She held herself there for a second, then another, before I felt as much as heard her gag around my hard flesh. In that instant, I was afraid I might explode, but she pulled her now lax lips up, stopping with maybe an inch in her mouth and holding still, as if she knew how close I'd been to coming. 

After a little rest, my breathing began to slow. Tink's shining blue eyes, which had never left mine since she took my dick between her lips, closed for a moment. She drew a long breath in through her nose. Her eyelids flew up, and a determined glint settled in them. 

"What...?" I started to ask. Again, her actions interrupted me. This time, the blonde drove her plump lips down my shaft with surprising force. My cockhead hit the back of her throat again, and again she gagged. But this time, she did not back off. Instead, she grabbed my thighs and pulled me toward her. My shaft pushed harder against whatever was blocking it, then it seemed to move a little lower and slipped into an unbelievably tight opening. 

Tink, eyes closed, gave her head a tiny shake and pulled with at my thighs. At the same time, her head tugged forward against my hands, which I just realized were still intertwined in her short, soft hair. With maddening slowness, she forced her lips lower while she pulled me deeper into her throat. My breathing reduced to short gasps, and I returned to the edge of orgasm. I attempted to think of something else, anything else, but my eyes and mind filled with the sight of Tink's full lips stretched thin around the base of my cock, her now half-opened eyes looking up at me as her tongue waggled against the sensitive flesh on the underside of my pulsating dick. 

"I can't stop it," I warned her. "I'm gonna come."

The blonde blinked once, then yanked her head back. Her reaction surprised me, given she already told me I could come in her mouth. But I was just as surprised when she stopped her backward motion with maybe two inches of my prick in her mouth. Applying more suction than I would've thought possible, her tongue licked at the underside of my sensitive cockhead. With a grunt loud enough that I was glad none of her roommates were home, I bucked my hips forward and shot the first spurt of cum into her mouth, driving about half my length between her soft lips. The girl coughed, and cum flew out her nose as well as seeped through the seal of her lips around my shaft. 

Not letting up on the suction, Tink moved her head back before the next spurt, and this time she didn't cough. Instead, I saw her throat moving up and down after each blast, and I was sure she was swallowing my cum. I'm not sure if it was that thought, or the fact I'd just received my first ever blowjob, or because Tink was still sucking on my dick so hard, but I came more than I could ever remember doing from masturbating. And by the time the last little bit oozed into her mouth, what little Tink had let seep between her lips joined the spunk that was already running down her chin. More semen coated her upper lip and hung from her nostrils. 

"That was incredible," I said the instant her lips left my now semi-erect dick. 

"It came out my nose," the blonde girl groaned, using her hand to wipe her nose and lip. "And it burns like fuck. I've never had that happen before, and I've had guys come down my throat while fucking my face. You shoved it deeper and just the wrong moment."

"Sorry."

"Not your fault, Tave," Tink sighed, examining the white goo on her fingers. "Normally I'd lick this up, but it came out my nose. That's kinda gross."

"Sorry," I offered again, not sure what to say. 

"Can you go to my bathroom and get me a towel?" the still kneeling girl asked. "Once I've got this off my hand, I'll show you what I usually do with any that escapes. Well, unless it hits the floor. That's a hard limit too."

"Oh, okay," I told her, not sure but guessing what 'hard limit' meant as I rushed to her bathroom.

When I returned with a hand towel—the first thing I could find—Tink cleaned her hand with it and dropped it on the floor. With a wink, she scraped the semen off her chin, catching it just as a couple of drops looked like they were ready to break free. She showed me the white ooze on her fingers and palm, winked again, brought her open hand to her mouth, and licked it. 

As she continued to run her tongue along her palm, even though it now looked clean, I licked my own lips, amazed at the show. My dick, which had never been less than half-hard since I came, stiffened again. 

"Okay, my turn again," Tink announced, climbing to her feet before closing her eyes and drawing in a deep breath. 

A pinched, pained expression shot across her face, her eyes snapped open, and she expelled the air she had just inhaled. But this seemed to have caused more discomfort than relief, because Tink reached for her nose and tears trickled from the corner of both eyes.

"Fuck, that burns like hell," she whimpered, shaking her head. "I'd heard cum in the nose did that, but I never imagined it could be this bad. Shit, it's almost worse than getting it in my eyes."

"What can I do?" I asked her, reaching for her but afraid touching her might make it worse. 

"Wait right there," she replied, heading toward her bathroom even as the words left her mouth. My eyes lingered on her bare ass, which looked even better naked than it did in tight jeans, before guilt at ogling her while she was in pain forced me to look away. 

***

"Well that was a bitch," Tink said. "But I got it rinsed out."

"How?" I asked, standing as the still naked girl approached the bed. 

"Fairy Magic. Why'd you put your pants on?" she asked, her gaze settling below my waist.

Choosing to ignore the fairy magic comment, I tried to answer her question, stammering, "Um, I wasn't sure if, um, what we, uh..."

"At least you didn't put your socks back on. That'll make it easier."

"So, you still want me to stay?"

"Why wouldn't I?"

"Your nose. You said it hurt."

"It did. Burned like a mother fucker. But it's better now, and I'm ready to see how your tongue compares to your fingers, mister."

I nodded, not speaking because, for what felt like the thousandth time since I'd first seen Tink in her leaf fairy costume a few hours earlier, my mouth was drier than the most arid desert. And since she wanted me to lick her pussy—or at least that is what I thought she wanted—I worried my dry mouth would make that impossible. 

While I worried, Tink brushed past me, her hip brushing my thigh. I turned to see her sit on the end of the bed, then scoot backward a couple of feet, her legs spread wide and pulled up so her feet just dangled off the bed. Her positioning gave me my first real view of her pussy, and that glorious view mesmerized me. The blonde fuzz covering her mound ended just above where her fleshy, pink labia began. I knew that's where her clitoris was—not only had a felt it earlier, I'd studied pictures and anatomical drawings so I would know—but I couldn't see it. 

"Don't just stand there gawking, Tave," TInk said, an exaggerated pout on her full lips. "On your knees and start licking. Oh, and keep your pants on. Something fucking hot as shit to get licked by a guy still half-dressed."

Nodding, I got down on my knees, the musky aroma of her sex mixing with her floral scent and filling my nostrils as I moved my face to within a foot of her pussy, close enough to see moisture glistening on its thick, inviting lips. Maybe I wouldn't need to worry about my mouth being dry, since it was obvious that Tink's pussy was already plenty wet. Still, I licked my lips, trying to work up some saliva. Then with a shock, I realized I was stalling. 

I'd read about cunnilingus, and watched a fair amount in porn, so I had thought I'd know what to do when the time came. But confronted with a real pussy just inches from my face, a really pussy dripping moisture, a real pussy filling the air with an enticing aroma, a real pussy attached to a hot, needful girl who'd just given me my first blow job, I froze, uncertain where to start. I didn't want to disappoint her, or myself for that matter.

"Lick it like a fucking ice cream cone, Tave," Tink instructed, a hint of impatience in her voice. 

As she spoke, the girl used her hands to pull her labia open, revealing the pink inner lips of her pussy. My eyes first caught on the opening at the bottom of her exposed sex, her sodden fuck tunnel. My fingers had been in there, felt it grip them as I finger fucked her. At that thought, my dick jerked in my pants. At the same time, I recalled what I'd done with my thumb earlier, and I looked to where the top of her labia met and saw a small, pink nub protruding from folds of skin. 

"Fuck, you're beautiful," I told her, then I pushed my tongue between her spread pussy lips and tasted the tangy, sweet flavor of her steamy sex. 

"You're already getting it, Tave. You don't have to lie to butter me up. And pussies aren't beautiful. They're fucking alien looking."

"You're beautiful and delicious," I murmured, licking at the folds of skin on either side of her opening. 

"Liar," the girl moaned, her fingers moving from her groin to my hair. 

With her hands on my head, her labia closed around my thrusting tongue, but I didn't care. I turned my head a little to the side to get a better angle and shoved the curled up tip of my tongue into her vagina. Tink moans grew in frequency and volume, her hands tightening and loosening repetitively in my hair. I pushed deeper. 

"Not that what you're doing isn't fucking fantastic," she whimpered a few seconds later. "But I need you to lick my magic button and send me to my bliss. And I need it NOW!"

Pulling my tongue from her vadge, I used my hands to spread her pussy lips apart again and traced the tip of my tongue up to her re-exposed clit. For a moment I studied it, noting that it looked to be a darker pink than when I'd first seen it. I might've looked at it even longer, but a sharp nudge on the back of my head told me that Tink wanted me to proceed. So, I flicked the protruding nub with the tip of my tongue. 

"Oh fuck yeah," the girl groaned, yanking my hair as her hips bucked up at me. "Keep doing that, but faster. Faster. Ohhhh... yeah... that... yeah... yeah... yeah..."

After a little while, my tongue started to hurt a bit, so I switched from flicking it up and down to side to side. TInk gasped, shuddered, bucked, and almost yanked my hair out of my head. Figuring she must like what I was doing, I waggled my tongue faster and faster, the tip of it battering her most sensitive spot. After maybe a minute or so of doing this, a series of 'yeahs' and 'fucks' exploded from the blonde girl's mouth, and her hands pushed my face hard against her now shaking groin. I wasn't able to keep licking her clit, but she didn't seem to mind.

Several seconds went by. Her whimpers and moans trailed off and her shaking body relaxed. Now gentle fingers loosened their hold on my hair and began to stroke it. I pushed myself up so I could see her, all of her. A sheen of perspiration covered her flushed face and chest. Soft, plump lips hung open, quiet sighs escaping as her breathing steadied. Half-open eyes met mine, and she smiled. 

"You came," I said. It was not a question. 

"Oh yeah," she murmured, biting her bottom lip. "Want to make me do it again?"

I didn't bother answering. Instead, I lowered my mouth back to her pussy and attacked her clit with my tongue. TInk thrashed on the bed, hands tight in my hair as she grunted and gasped. 

"Too much. Start slower. Please. Please. Of fuck, please slower... yeah... like that... ohhhh..."

After several seconds of licking her clit in long, slow up and down strokes, I pushed my tongue against her clit and started wiggling it back and forth almost as fast as I'd done before. Tink must've been ready for it this time because instead of asking me to go slower, she urged me on. 

"Yeah... yeah... now faster... faster... fuck yeah... fuck yeah... oh God yeah... now shove your fingers inside me... ugh..."

Her request had barely made its way past her lips when I rammed two fingers deep inside her incredibly slick vagina. The girl grunted a few more times, then deep, loud moans replaced the grunts. I picked up the tempo even more, both with my fingers and my tongue, as her body started to shake. 

"Yeah... yeah... yeah... yeah...," Tink chanted, trembling hands tight on my skull, hips thrusting up in time with my fingers banging in and out of her. 

"OOOOOHHHHH FFFFFUUUUCCCCCKKKKK YYYYYEEEEEAAAAAHHHHH!" filled the air of her room. Her body tensed and arched, her fingers gripping my hair, as the scream became a string of unintelligible sounds. Her vadge clamped around my fingers and seemed to vibrate. I didn't let up. 

"Oh god, stop," the girl whimpered after her body sunk back down onto the bed. "Too much. Too much."

I thought about the lecture on affirmative consent. I remembered Tink saying she'd never had a problem with a guy knowing when she meant 'yes' and when she meant 'no'. And I thought I really understood that now. She was telling me to stop, but the fact that her hips writhed beneath me again, and that her hands in my hair held my face where it was instead of yanking it away, told me she didn't really mean 'stop'. 

"Fuck, Tave. Fuck... fuck... fuck..." she whined, her still spasming pussy gripping at my thrusting fingers. "Fuck, it's too much."

The notion of slowing down flashed through my mind, but I disregarded it. Instead, I switched back to flicking my tongue up and down against her clit. But this time, I added shaking my head side to side, as I'd seen a girl do to another girl in a porn video. Tink let out a whimper that turned into a long mewling moan. 

"Oh fuck yeah, keep doing that. I'm already close. So fucking close."

I considered letting up, making her wait, but I wasn't sure that would work or not. So, I did as she asked and kept doing what I was doing. That is until she grasped my hand in hers and held it still, my digits al the way inside her gripping hole.

"Curl up your fingers inside me. Oh yeah, like that. Push there. Push hard... harder... harder... yeah... yeah... yeah... yeah... oh yeah... fuck yeah... yeah..."

Tink's hand clamped around mine, and all sound ceased to come from her mouth as her body grew rigid. For several seconds, she didn't even breathe. Then, with a sharp gasp, her body shivered and went limp. After she drew un several sharp breaths, it all happened again. 

Four more times her muscles tensed and her breathing paused. Four more times she shuddered and went limp. The last time, her body trembled as soft, whimpering moans made their way out of her open lips. 

"Are you okay," I finally asked after she hadn't spoken in what must have been at least a couple of minutes. 

"Oh yes," she rasped, eyes shining from her still reddened face. "You're a natural at that, Tave. I've only come like that a couple of times before."

"What happened? I've never seen anything quite like that in porn."

"Most of the girls are faking in porn, Tave," Tink chided me as she sat up on the bed, the flush almost gone from her face. 

I started to climb to my feet, but the girl put her hands on my shoulders and stopped me. We stared at each other for a heartbeat or two, then she leaned down and kissed me. 

"I do like tasting myself on a man's lips," she grinned when she pulled back several seconds later. 

"You still haven't told me..." I started to protest, but the blonde silenced me with another kiss. 

"It was multiple orgasms," she explained after several seconds of deep kissing. "I've got to be really worked up to have one. You got me there. Like I said, you're a natural eating pussy."
