 Darkness fell. I went out on the balcony and feasted my eyes on the lights of the city. Carazon appeared lovelier at night than it did in the bright light of day. The glow of lantern light softened the harsh stone, and gave the whole city a dreamlike quality.

The liquid trills of a nakama bird sounded from the garden below, and from behind me came the notes of a flute, imitating the bird and then going into a melancholy tune. Piper, my friend and lover. The music of his flute wound itself around me, and one of those violent shocks of pain and pleasure passed through my body.

The sad tune dissolved into the liquid trills, and the music flowed and danced like water in a mountain stream. A pair of hands touched my shoulders and a warm body pressed against my back. Jay, mate, lover, friend, father of the child growing inside me. His hands stroked my shoulders and my arms. Slow waves of warm pleasure passed through me. The sound of the flute flowed over me like cool water. Jay took my hand and led me back into the room.

Piper squatted on the end of the red and gold chaise, his long black clad legs sticking up like wings by his ears. His dark-haired head bent over the carved wooden flute in his hands, as he blew into it and a series of breathy notes flew off into the air around us. I smiled at him, and the music paused while he returned the smile. 

I turned back to Jay and caressed his face, his neck, his shoulders, his back, and touched him all over for I could not get enough of the feel of him, the spicy scent of him, and the warmth of his body against mine. I stroked his hair, reached behind him, and gave his long, pale-blonde braid a playful tug. My hands slid into the hollow of his neck, and along his shoulders to his arms. Lifting first one of his hands, and then the other to my lips I kissed each finger, taking each one into my mouth, and savoring the sweet, spicy flavor. I rubbed his back, and he arched against my hands, humming softly. I squeezed his butt and the muscles flexed under my fingers as he moved closer against me. My hands flowed down his body, and I fondled his smooth azure cock and balls.

And the music of Piper’s flute danced around us, flowed over us, caressed us. 

Jay touched me all over in turn, and I burned with the pleasure of his touch. His hands moved down my back like warm water, and I undulated under their touch. He cupped my bottom, pulling me in close, so that I felt his erection against my inner thigh. One hand slipped in between us, and he fingered my nodes. I shivered and hummed as his fingers danced around the ring of pleasure nodes.

And the wild music of Piper’s flute skirled and trilled around us, through us, over us. 

I pushed Jay down to the floor and straddled him. We both hummed at a higher pitch as I let the length of his cock slide into me. All my hundreds of nodes sent flashes of pleasure firing through me. I moved up and down on him, staring into his gold and silver flecked azure eyes as I rode him. I touched his lips with a finger when his mouth opened and he hummed a long drawn out tenor note of ecstasy. I moved faster as flashes of pleasure turned into explosions, and I cried out as the fireworks went off. He hummed another long note and spurted into me. I waited until my special gatherers had collected what he had given me, before moving off him.

“Do you have any idea how much I love you?” I said, running a finger down his nose. He gave me no answer for none was needed. 

And the music of Piper’s flute dwindled off, note by note, into silence. 

I went over to a small sideboard on which stood a platter with bread and yellow cheese. A dish of fruit abutted the platter. I cut two thick slices of the grainy bread, and covered them with slabs of the cheese. Beside the sandwiches I placed a golden skinned fruit. I carried the plate over to Piper and handed it to him. He lifted one of the cheese covered slices of bread to his lips and took the first bite. I shuddered with pleasure. Watching him eat –the way he nipped off pieces of the bread with his teeth, and the way his lips moved while he chewed –set my pleasure network to tingling. I hummed softly with every bite he took.

After he swallowed the last bite of juicy golden fruit, Piper stretched his arms over his head and yawned. He fell back onto the chaise and closed his eyes.

“Good night,” he muttered. “Don’t make too much noise. Unlike you two I need my beauty sleep.”

“Oh, no you don’t,” I said, pulling Piper to his feet. “Jay and I want you in the bed with us. We both are utterly in love with you, and don’t you forget that. Neither of us wants you to sleep alone out here.” 

Untying the laces of his black shirt I slid it downwards until his arms were trapped. I pinched his nipples hard, before pulling his shirt down the rest of the way. I tugged down his tight pants inch by inch, letting the sleek material rub against his partially erect cock. By the time the pants were down as far as his thighs, he sported a full erection. He pulled the pants down the rest of the way and left them pooled on the floor beside his shirt.

“I’m not going to get much sleep, am I?” he said, as we made our way into the bedroom.

I took my two men by the hand and led them over to the large bed covered with a jewel-toned spread in colors of green, blue, gold, russet, lavender, purple, maroon, crimson, jade, and black. I let myself fall into the middle of the bed. Piper took his place on my right. Jay lay on his back close to my left hand side. He grasped my hand, and joined his right hand to it, palm on palm. I tried to pull my hand away as a sharp, stinging sensation went through it.

“Do not pull away. This is another way of linking. It is the way used by all other synths,” he said. “I want to feel what you feel, when Piper gives pleasure to you. I am linking your sensor arrays to mine.”

Piper caressed my face. “By the Great Mother, I don’t know how I spend one moment without you, woman.” He outlined my lips with a forefinger. “I want to make love to you like no one has ever made love to you before.”

Piper’s hands moved down my body, and my skin tingled under his touch. He held my breasts in his long-fingered hands with the nipples peeking out from between his fingers. He rolled my breasts under his palms, and a pleasant warmth radiated outward through every inch of me. He abruptly tugged hard at my nipples and a sharp, tingling sensation shot out to my fingers and toes. I felt Jay’s body jerk, and looked over his way to see surprise and pleasure on his face. Piper gave another hard pull at my nipples, and Jay and I both hummed with pleasure.

While his mouth worked my nipples: sucking them with his whole mouth, pulling them with his lips, nipping them lightly with his teeth, and flicking his tongue against them; his hands stroked their way down between my legs, and sliding past the outer lips, his fingers grazed my pleasure nodes. Jay and I trembled as the nodes send tiny waves of pleasure outwards from my linking organ. Piper moved on top of me. I felt the pressure of his large cock on my entry ring. I put my legs over his shoulders, and the large head slipped into me. It stretched the ring, and the hard pressure of it on my nodes caused a fiery tingling that surged like hot liquid throughout my body. Jay and I shuddered and hummed in unison, our heads thrown back in ecstasy.

Piper pushed all of his immense cock inside me, and began to thrust, rubbing on my pleasure nubs. The fiery tingling grew and grew in intensity, and spread through my body. It flowed into my belly, and upwards into my breasts, which added their own sharp tingling to the mix of pleasurable sensations as Piper continued to play the nipples with his mouth. Both the hot and the sharp tingles flowed up to my shoulders, down my arms and into my fingers. The burning tingles surged into my legs, and my toes curled upward, as Jay and I hummed as one.

Piper pumped harder in and out of me; his breath came out in harsh gasps. The blazing tingling that enveloped my body reached the point where it was close to unbearable. Jay vibrated like a taut bowstring to my left. Piper pumped faster and his balls slapped against me. He moaned. The tingling sensation that suffused through my body reached a peak, and I screamed as I exploded into shards of ecstasy. Jay cried out loudly at the same moment, shuddering violently. Piper groaned loudly and his cock throbbed against my nodes as he spurted into me. One final shock of pleasure went through me, through us all, and it was over.

Afterward, Jay extended the fine gold and silver pins at the tip of his rod and pushing it up inside me, as I lay facing him, locked the pins into my receptors. Data flowed between us as we shared our day. Piper snuggled up against my back, and soon the sussurations of his breath on my neck told me he was deep asleep. I murmured with contentment, happy to be lying between my two beloved men. 

I closed my eyes and went into rest mode.