 The clanging of steel and the cheering of the crowd still rang in your ears, as you made your way out of the banquet hall. The days tournament had been an exciting one that would be talked about for weeks to come, and the meal afterwards matched it in it's splendor. You had managed to talk your mother into letting you go for an evening ride alone. You wanted the ride to calm your nerves before you slept for the night, but didn't want to have your family's guards with you. After all, you had recently celebrated your twentieth year of life, so you absently made your curtseys and bows to the other lords and ladies at the banquet as you passed them on your way to the door. Smiling to the guards as you approached, you give the younger one a wink. You reveled in the way his cheeks flushed as you did. You enjoyed teasing the younger boys. The way their cheeks would turn crimson, and the older ones would chuckle knowingly.

You paused as you passed out of the banquet hall, taking a deep breath of the crisp evening air. Smiling to yourself, you made your way through the maze of stairs and balconies that made up the outer promenade of the city until you came upon your destination, the stables of your family home. A stablehand comes out of a stable, leading your gray-spotted mare, already with full donning and saddle, smiling at you as he says, 'Here you are, m'lady, we thought you might show up tonight'

He hands you the reins and fetches the stairs for you to climb up. You smile to him as you sit down on the saddle with both legs on one side. Letting out a small giggle as he turns his face from you to hide his blush. You nod at him slightly and he stands and steps away. You pat the mare's neck, and then slowly ride it away from the stables and towards the city gate.

You approach the gates, your mind thinking about the handsome boys you made blush this day, trying to imagine the thoughts that were in their heads that made them blush. You look ahead to the gate, hoping to spot your next victim. You see a couple young faces that you recognize and smile to yourself. Your gaze continues moving over the guards around the gate then stops suddenly. Your green eyes linger on a dark-haired man talking to the guards to the right of the gate. You're not sure why you're looking at him so until you get a bit closer and realize that he's looking at you as he talks. His hazel eyes moving over your body, then looking up to your eyes filled with hunger. You feel your blood rise and your cheeks get warm, you long to look away but something in his eyes holds your gaze. You suddenly realize that you've reached the gate as one of the guards ask you if you are going out for a ride. You nod absently at him, your eyes glancing over to him so that he knows your answering him. 

You look back to the man, able to see him in the light now. He's not as big as the guards, but you have a feeling he's near as strong as them, not the bulky strength that they have, but more of a disciplined look to his build. He's dressed in commoner's clothing: a shirt of forest green, tan pants, weathered leather boots. The only piece of his attire that stands out to you is the sword on his belt, it's hilt made entirely of silver, with a vein of emerald spiraling around the hilt, the scabbard decorated to match the hilt with intricate patterns in silver and emerald. Your eyes return to his to find them still looking hungrily at you, his gaze causing more than your face to flush now. You barely hear the guard as he tells you to take care on your ride and opens the gate. You pat your mare's neck again to spur her on, exiting the city, but you can still feel the man's gaze on you until you hear the gates close behind you again.

You ride a ways along the road until you reach a bridge over the large stream that runs past the city, turning you look back to the city, just barely able to make out the guards on the wall and near the gate. You turn your gaze back to the road over the bridge, and can see the lights of the village that you normally ride to. Shifting in the saddle, you move to where one leg is on either side of the mare, causing the bottom of your red dress to move up, baring your skin to your knees. You always hated how your mother tried to make sure you did things the proper way. With another look down towards the village, you grin slightly to yourself, feeling adventurous. You turn the horse, continuing away from the city, following the stream as you ride over grassy fields through light woods, spurring the mare on faster now, enjoying the exhilirating feel of the evening's air passing you, your golden brown hair bouncing in the wind behind you.

The woods start get thicker around you steadily, forcing you to slow your mare. Then finally causing you to stop as the woods ahead become impassable. You frown in disappointment for a moment, then suddenly grin as you move your mare down into the stream, slowly walking her up it. After a while, the woods thin out again, and you hear a dull roar ahead. Moving the mare a little further up the stream, your breath catches as you come into a beautiful cave-like area. A waterfall on the far end, with cliffs of moss-covered rock surrounding it, the water forming a calm, clear pool that fills most the area. You move your mare to the side, up on to one of the shores. You dismount from the mare, tethering the rains to a nearby tree, then looking around to take in the majesty of the area. Walking to the water's edge you squat down, rolling up the sleeves of your white blouse, then washing your arms in the water. You're surprised to find that it's not as cold as you'd expect it to be, rather it's just cool enough to be refreshing.

Looking back to your horse, you grin, and ask her, 'Should I?', not really expecting an answer. Then you move back over to your mare, rubbing it's neck as you smile. 'I think I will'

You step away from the mare, looking around once just to make sure nobody is around, you begin to unlace the front of your dress. You look back at your mare, and giggle softly as you say, 'Oh don't worry...nobody will ever know', finishing unlacing your dress, you slide it from your shoulders, carefully rolling it down your legs until you can step out of it, then setting it on a nearby dry rock. You take off your boots and your blouse also, setting the blouse on your dress and your boots next to the rock. You slowly wade into the water, gasping softly as the cool water touches your more sensitive areas. You're happy to find that the water doesn't get above your shoulders when you stand on the bottom. You swim and play in the water, doing all the things you wished your mom would have let you when you were little. You float on your back staring up at the sky until the blue of day turns into the oranges and pinks of sunset. Sighing softly to yourself you decide it's time to go home.

You stand in the water again, and turn to walk towards your clothes and your horse, but stop as you do. There's another horse tethered next to yours and a small fire up in the trees a little ways. You don't see anybody as you look around, so you slowly start to make your way up to the shore. As soon as you begin to move though you hear a man's voice behind you, 'Did you enjoy your swim?'

You turn quickly and see the man from the gates standing in the water, his hazel eyes still hungry as they look into yours, his dark brown hair wet and slicked back. You glare at him incredulously, as you half-yell, 'You! What are you doing here? I demand an explanation!'

With a laugh, he smiles at you. The smile adding a mirth to his eyes, the combination makes your knees feel weak suddenly. 'I live here. This is my home'

Stammering slightly for a response, you manage to say, 'Oh...I'm sorry then...but now you will turn around so that I may collect my things and leave!'

He grins as he asks, 'And if I don't turn around?', he watches you, grinning wider as you try to think of a response, your cheeks flushing at the thought of him seeing you naked. He reaches out, taking your wrist in his hand and pulling you closer, 'And if I don't let you leave yet...'

He gently pulls you towards him still, your eyes looking at him with shock, 'You will! Don't you know who I a-...', he cuts you off as he reaches with his other hand cupping your cheek and then running it back into your hair, leaning in he kisses you before you can finish. His lips firm against yours, parting slightly, his tongue moving gently over your lips. Your mind races but all thoughts leave your head as he kisses you, you find your lips parting slightly, letting his tongue slide between them slowly. He slips his tongue slowly into your mouth, the tip of his moving slowly, over the tip of yours, swirling around it a couple times before slowly sliding deeper into your mouth. 

Suddenly, realization comes to you that you are still naked in the water, and now kissing a strange man. You slip your wrist from his hand, and place your hands on his chest, pushing him away until the kiss is broken, 'I can't do this...it isn't proper...and...'

He moves forward quickly, his left hand slipping around your back to keep you from pulling away, 'No, it isn't proper...but then neither is a lady removing her clothes to swim in a stream...and you did that because you wanted to, just like you want this...'

'I do not want...', you begin to say, but then his right hand slides up the inside of your thigh, and onto your sex, his hand cupping over it, he begins rubbing slightly, small motions at first, his middle finger barely pressing forward spreading your slit slightly, the rest of your thought comes out as part of a soft gasp, '...this...'

His lips meet yours again, kissing you slowly, his left hand sliding up your back, while his right gently rubs over your sex. Your hands slowly drift up to his sides as you begin to give yourself over to him. You let your fingers trail slowly up his back, onto his shoulders, then back down until your hands slip over his ass. Your eyes open, heat rushing to your cheeks as you blush, just realizing for the first time that he's naked also. He feels the sudden heat in your face, and presses his finger against you more, sliding it into you, then slowly moving it out and then in again, he moves his wrist away, his thumb moving down to your clit. He starts to rub slow circles around it with his thumb, being careful to not actually touch it yet. His kiss getting a bit deeper at the same time.

You still feel flushed, but you don't care anymore, you grab at his ass. He grins, his lips tightening against yours as he does. His hand leaves your warmth, both his hands moving to your hips, he lifts you up effortlessly in the water, looking up into your eyes, he holds you there, smiling up at you. His smile seems to make the last of your worries and fears go away. His eyes filled with warmth and passion as well as the hunger from before still. You smile down at him. He slowly lowers you down, he leans back slightly and you gasp. He lowers you down slowly, his hard cock sliding into you as he does. His eyes never leaving yours, his hand slip down from your hips, over your ass, and under your thighs. You wrap your arms around his neck, your legs sliding up his legs until they're just under his ass, then you lock your legs around him, grinning down at him.

He smiles up at you, his hands sliding over the length of your thighs, then reaching around and hooking under the bottom of them again. He lifts you slowly, his cock sliding almost completely out of you, then letting you fall back down slowly as it presses into you again. His breathing getting deeper. You feel a slight rush of water over your sex as he moves back into you, and then it's gone, replaced by his warm flesh. He slowly starts to lift you again, then letting you fall back onto him, again and again.

Bowing his head against you as he does, his breath hot on your skin. Your hand sliding up, holding him to you. His arms continue to lift you, his cock sliding in and out of you steadily, his lips on your skin, brushing against you as your lifted. You feel his body tense for a moment, his seed spraying into you as he gasps deeply. You pull with your legs, pulling him all the way into you. As the last of his seed sprays into you from his pulsing cock, you go to pull away, but his hands reach suddenly holding your legs around him, he stands straight again, smiling at you. He starts to move his hips, pressing into you again, he leans forward, kissing you, then leans you back slowly, until your hair is spread out floating on the water, with you laying almost on your back above the water.

His hands hold your hips, he begins to thrust in and out of you, harder than before though. He leans back, holding onto your legs to hold himself up, his hips still moving, thrusting his cock in and out of you, harder and faster, the water giving you a feeling of weightlessness. The only real contact you feel is him, as he holds you in a position that would be impossible outside the water. You begin to moan as his cock spreads the lips of your pussy, thrusting in and out of you quickly, his thrusts moving you back and forth in the water. You feel yourself on the edge of climax, the muscles inside you pulling at his cock, wanting more of it in you. His hands slide up your thighs and hips to your sides, holding you tight against his cock. His hands slide from your sides, over your tummy and up to your breasts, squeezing and playing with them. His thumbs roll your nipples against the sides of his firstfingers, while they grope you. You reach out with your hands, grabbing his arms and pulling yourself to him, your legs pulling you tightly against him as you start to spasm, moaning loudly, your breath coming quickly. He leans in, one hand slipping behind you, the other playing with your breast still, his mouth hot on your neck, his left hand slipping down to your ass. He grabs your ass, then slides his hand down between your cheeks, until his fingers are over your asshole, he rubs at it firmly. You gasp out as he touches you there, your mind suddenly racing again. You had never thought of anyone touching you there, and you doubt any of the people you knew had ever thought of it either. You start to spasm harder against his stiff cock inside of you. He grins at you as if he heard your thoughts, curling one finger, pressing it's tip into your ass slightly, his other fingers curling and straightening playfully over the outside.

Holding you tight as your spasms begin to slow, he carries you towards the shore. His hands under your thighs again, as he lifts you out of the water, walking over to where the fire is. Laying down with you on a cloak that was spread out on the ground near the fire. He lays on his back, letting you rest on top of him. He lays holding you there for hours, his hands slowly moving over your body, the heat of the fire chasing away the chill of the night. He kisses you slowly, full of passion and warmth. You fall asleep laying over him still.

You wake later, to find him finishing lacing your dress back up. You realize you're fully dressed again as you look up at him. He notices you wake and looks down into your eyes, smiling. His smile making your whole body feel warmer. As your about to say something, he leans down kissing you warmly then whispering, 'Shhh...we should get you back, people will worry if you're not back, in the morning.'

You look up at the sky and realize that it's near dawn already. Your mom will be going crazy if you're not in your room when she comes to wake you. You stand and straighten out your dress, walking over to your mare to untether her. The man follows you, lifting you so that you can mount in your dress. Then he moves mounting his own horse, and rides with you through the woods. The riding hurts slightly as your sore legs bounce on the saddle. After a while, the two of you reach the bridge that passes over the stream. The man stops, and you ride up beside him. He turns to look at you, smiling, 'This is as far as I go'

You frown, 'I don't even know your name, sir'

He smiles, leaning over, he runs his hand through your hair, kissing you tenderly, 'I am just a simple woodsman...and you are my Lady of the Falls...and you are welcome in my home any time.', He kisses you again, letting it linger a bit longer, then turns and with one last smile, rides back towards the woods. You sit in silence a moment, then ride into the city and to your home. You don't even notice the blushes and stares of even the older guards as you ride in with a leg on either side of your mare, your dress pushed up to your knees by it. You get into your room and undress, sliding into your bed just in time as your mother knocks on the door.

She smiles at you as she walks in, 'My, you slept well, have a good ride last night?'

You smile to yourself, realization of last nights events coming back to you, a slight flush coming to your cheeks, 'A very good ride, mother'

She smiles and gets you up, helping you dress, and then you and her set about the days business.