 Chapter 5 - Better than revenge

Early on Wednesday morning, Mona emailed Geoffrey her report from Mark's session as a sign that it went normally; then she went home to sleep.

Geoffrey turned up at Mona's house at 2pm. She had risen earlier than normal to have 'breakfast', shower and dress in a tee-shirt and short skirt before he arrived. Mona let Geoffrey in and invited him to sit in her room. They got out their books and began to revise.

The only subject Mona and Geoffrey shared was neuro-science with Professor Whitehill. Mona also studied philosophy and psychology, while Geoffrey also took biochemistry and computing. Mona helped Geoffrey out with the lectures he had missed or slept through and Geoffrey helped Mona with statistical analysis. They also made a start on writing up the current experiment.

Mona was so absorbed in the revising (and honestly impressed with Geoffrey's quick ability to catch up) that she almost forgot what Geoffrey was really here for. She was reminded when Geoffrey abruptly asked:

"Mona, do you still have that tube of lubricant?"

"Yes."

"May I have it please?"

She fetched it from a cupboard and put it on the table in front of him, beside a curious plastic object that he had obviously also just put on the table.

"What is that?"

"An anal-plug. ... I am going to put it in you, then I am going to fuck your arse."

"And I'm going to let you, am I?"

"If you don't, then I'll spank you and do it anyway, so you might as well comply without protest; unless, that is, you would like to be spanked as well?"

Mona did enjoy light spanking but what she wanted from Geoffrey was to be used like one of his cheap women. She did not want to enjoy it. Mona pulled her panties down and stepped out of them. Then she bent over the bed and lifted her skirt up her back. Geoffrey was silently impressed by her courage.

He generously lubricated both the plug and her anus, slipping a finger inside her. She made no noise, which also impressed him: he wondered if she was an anal virgin and guessed she was. The plug had a narrow point and widened to about an inch and a half. He went very slowly, pushing in a small amount at a time and then pulling out to re-lubricate and let Mona get used to the stretch. He did not tell her it would be easier if she relaxed: he let her work that out for herself, which she did after a few minutes.

In five minutes of gentle fucking with the plug, it was fully inserted. Geoffrey found a cushion and put it on Mona's hard wooden chair, telling her to sit down. Then they went back to revising. It amazed Mona that she could concentrate on revising while sitting on the flat part of the plug, which pushed it more firmly into her, making an unusual but not unpleasant sensation of tightness in her bowel. The feeling became uncomfortable only when she clenched her stomach muscles, in contrast to the unexpected sexual ache Geoffrey raised in her by stretching her sphincter.

After half an hour, Geoffrey told Mona to remove the plug. She immediately bent over to give him access but he said:

"No. Do it yourself. In the bathroom."

She obeyed and went to the bathroom. It took a few minutes. Her sphincter had tightened over the plug and she had to pull hard, but she weirdly enjoyed the sensation. Then she used the toilet, gave herself a wash and also washed the plug.

Back in her room, she saw there was a bigger plug, about two inches in diameter, on the table next to the tube of lubrication. She handed the old plug to Geoffrey and bent over the bed again.

The same procedure of lubrication and slow gradual insertion induced the same sensual stretching, initial discomfort and sexual itch; then Mona settled down and returned to her seat to continue revising.

In another half hour, Geoffrey sent Mona to the bathroom again to remove the larger plug. This was harder work for her but she managed and came back, absurdly feeling pleased with herself. She handed the cleaned plug to Geoffrey but did not sit down because he was quite clearly ready, standing in front of her with his condom-covered and thickly lubricated cock fully erect. He held her by the waist and pulled her into him for a kiss, smearing lubricant from his penis over her tee-shirt. Then he rudely shoved her backward onto the bed.

She fell with a thump and he was immediately over her, lifting up her legs and leaning in to trap her on the bed, holding her ankles to his shoulders. Her anus was exposed for his pleasure but he took his time, teasing her while she struggled prettily. Then he sunk the head of his cock into her tight hole. She let her breath out noisily. He pushed in further. It was more painful to her than either anal-plug had been but she was clenching her muscles and trying to resist. He pushed in further. She was now moaning loudly at the invasion. He began withdrawing and pushing back in, further each time, loving the sensation of her hard grip on his cock.

With Geoffrey thrusting faster and further into her, Mona was forced to relax and let him use her as he pleased. She had not yet spoken, nor stopped looking defiantly into his eyes, despite the pain and her mounting arousal.

Geoffrey put his hand under Mona's tee-shirt to fondle one of her breasts while he brought the other hand to her clitoris to rub it, releasing Mona's legs. She started to kick, so Geoffrey grabbed hold of her legs again and secured them to his chest with one hand, pinching her clitoris hard with his other hand. Geoffrey also repaid Mona by thrusting harder. Now she shut her eyes and began to succumb to the twin erotic pressures on her anus and her clitoris.

Geoffrey then released her clitoris and sank his thumb into her pussy, jerking it in and out. Mona took only a minute more of this treatment before she erupted with an intense orgasm, which Geoffrey felt on his cock as her stomach muscles bunched and her vagina spasmed. He thrust on and on, bringing her to more shaking orgasms. When he let go of her legs, she simply held her knees up by her sides and did not try to kick again.

Still Geoffrey delayed his own release but bent down to push her shirt up and take a breast in his mouth. He wanted to get more sound from her and he achieved it by sucking hard on the tit he had bitten on Friday. She gasped. He repeated, harder. She gasped louder and moaned. Twice more and Geoffrey got the volume he wanted from Mona as she cried out in mixed pain and pleasure.

Mona succumbed to yet another orgasm; then Geoffrey tensed, as the irresistible pleasure from her body forced him to unload in long slow surges.

He recovered his breath, lying on her, while she came down from her sexual high. Ten minutes later, they were dressed and sitting at her table, revising again.

Geoffrey fucked Mona once more before he left for the night a few hours later. He took her standing by the door, holding one of her legs by the knee over his hip while kissing her deeply. She complied with this treatment as though she were unable to resist and was surprised at herself for having another orgasm before he finished.

***

On Thursday morning, Mona emailed Geoffrey her report from Colin's session before going home and was disappointed at two o'clock when Geoffrey did not turn up. Nor did he turn up at her house any time that day. Mona was not sure what to think. She tried to revise but her heart was not in it, so she went to the gym, having neglected most forms of exercise that week.

She called on Claire on her way to the laboratory for the night's experiment. Geoffrey was waiting outside the laboratory door when they arrived.

"What are you doing here?" Mona demanded, angry with him for not turning up earlier.

"I am here to revise with you, Mona, as we arranged."

Claire's eyes boggled as she looked from Mona to Geoffrey for a clue to the secret meaning behind these unexpected words but neither face showed her anything.

"You are right, Geoff. I forgot," Mona said coldly, as she unlocked the door and let them in, adding: "Keep out of the way while we set up."

He nodded and walked to the Professor's office to get comfortable with his books.

When Claire was in bed and the recording started, Mona shut the office door and said quietly to Geoffrey: "We can't fuck here, Geoff."

"I came to revise."

"Is that so?"

"I might let you suck me off later, if I feel like it."

"Very generous of you."

For no reason she could give, Mona did not kick Geoffrey out but revised with him, keeping one eye on the dream-scanner.

After Mona had woken Claire up the second time, filed the report of the dream and got her settled back into bed again, Mona returned to the office to find Geoffrey asleep over his books. There were huge possibilities for mischief but Mona again surprised herself by resisting the temptation. Instead, she planted a soft kiss on his forehead and turned to her own work.

***

On Friday morning, while they were closing the laboratory, before Mona went home to sleep and Geoffrey went to athletics practise, Claire thought she saw them holding hands briefly.

Geoffrey and Mona did not have sex on Friday afternoon either and Mona was beginning to wonder if there were something wrong with him. She sent him a text to invite him to meet her in the pub at 9pm prior to Friday night's experiment. He replied that he would see her there.

At quarter past nine on Friday evening, when Mona and Geoffrey were nursing their drinks and whispering together, Claire came into the pub with her friend Carol Weaver. Claire saw Mona and Geoffrey and waved to them. This alerted Carol, who strode over to Mona, standing before her, red with anger.

"What exactly was that nasty little phone call about last week, Mona?" Carol demanded.

Mona looked up vacantly. She did not recognize Carol nor did she remember the mean phone call she had made.

"What are you talking about?"

"The message you wanted me to give to Professor Cable. About your stuff in his house."

"Oh, God! Carol. I forgot I'd done that. I am really sorry, but it was for the best: he was cheating on us both, you know."

"He may have been cheating on you, Mona, but as I was not sleeping with him, he can't have been cheating on me, can he?"

"Oh, God!" Mona repeated, looking shocked.

"Who else have you told that I was sleeping with him?"

Mona was too stunned to answer but sat staring at Carol. Claire was also slow catching up with all this. Geoffrey rose and said:

"Mona told no one, Carol, though everyone seemed to know that you and Professor Cable went away for the weekend. I was one who believed and spread the rumour. I am truly sorry, Carol."

Carol looked around and saw there was an audience. She stepped closer to Mona and Geoffrey. Claire followed, embarrassed.

"For all your information," Carol said, "I had a pleasant time this weekend at the races in Newmarket with Andrew. He was the perfect gentleman, as he was last weekend in Stratford. I wanted to sleep with him but he refused. I assumed it was because he was in love with someone else. If that was you, Mona, then you're even meaner to him than you were to me. Because of you, Andrew has resigned."

"He's done what?" Geoffrey asked.

"He's leaving the university. He resigned today. And Mona is the bitch who drove him away."

Mona rose distraught, though she had the presence of mind to take her bag. Saying "I'm sorry, Carol, I really am," she ran out of the pub and started along the road that led off campus toward the town. Apologising in turn to Carol and Claire, Geoffrey grabbed his own bag and gave chase. He soon caught her and asked where she was going.

"Leave me alone, Geoffrey. You and the gossipers were wrong about Andrew. He wasn't cheating on me."

"They why did he take Carol away for two weekends while he was seeing you? Why didn't he take you?"

That stopped her. Andrew may not have cheated on her with Carol but he lied about visiting his wife and children on at least two weekends. Was Mona perhaps his weekday totty and the various bimbos his weekend totty? Or were the other fourteen liaisons also Platonic?

"Are you going to Andrew?" Geoffrey asked.

"I was. I am not now. I just want to get away from you and everyone."

She started walking fast. He followed. Soon they were in the leafy suburban streets that insulated the university from the town centre. She stopped, her arms crossed, daring him to approach her.

"Mona, I love you," he said.

"You've got no reason to, Geoff: I'm nothing to you."

"After what we've done?"

"It was meaningless, animal sex, in case you've forgotten."

"It wasn't for me."

Saying "I can't help that," Mona turned and walked away fast, in an apparently random direction, but it was generally toward the part of the town where Professor Cable lived. Geoffrey kept up with no problem but he spoke no more.

After another ten minutes, Mona stopped again to tell Geoffrey to go away when she heard their names being called. Professor Whitehill and his wife were hailing them from across the street. Mona stood in a daze and did not answer.

Geoffrey took Mona's unresisting arm and escorted her across the road to greet the Professor and Dr. Lillian Whitehill.

"We've just returned from our holiday," Professor Whitehill explained. "We came home a day early for the birthday of our grandson, Jason, tomorrow." To this, Dr. Whitehill confided in addition:

"We are happy to come home early so that Gordon can find out how the experiment is coming on: he has talked of nothing else for the last two weeks. It's a wonderful chance that you two were passing."

"Now, Lillian, you are exaggerating. I do not think only about the experiment; though I would like to know if it is going all right. Would you two like to come in?"

"Yes, come in for a cup of coffee," Dr. Whitehill invited. "We've just got the last suitcase to collect, so I was going to put the kettle on."

Geoffrey left it to Mona, who looked blank. She had no plan or purpose but was just waiting to feel something, anything at all.

"Mona, dear, you look exhausted," Dr. Whitehill kindly insisted, "please come in and sit down for five minutes."

"I am tired," Mona admitted truthfully, charmed by Dr. Whitehill's friendliness. She really had no idea where she wanted to go or what she wanted to do. This at least was an action of some kind. "Thank you: I would love a cup of coffee, Dr. Whitehill."

"Lillian, please. ... What are you two doing around here anyway?

Geoffrey invented hurriedly, as he took the suitcase from Professor Whitehill to carry it into the house:

"We met prior to tonight's experiment and because I was not sleepy, I decided on a walk, so Mona joined me. I didn't realise she was so tired."

Sitting in the front room, sipping their coffees, Professor Whitehill respected Mona's apparent exhaustion and refrained from quizzing her about the experiment but was pleased by Geoffrey's inquiry regarding the conference.

"The presentations were the usual bore," the Professor answered, "but the talk in the bar was most convivial, although scientists generally talk about their own work and never listen to anyone else. It was useful for us, however, because I learned that no one has got as far as we have in reading dreams; so I am really looking forward to getting back to work on the project."

"And how was your holiday, Sir?" Geoffrey inquired.

"Excellent, thank you, Mr. Warner. We visited friends in the countryside and the middle weekend we spent at the races, trying out Lillian's new betting system. As you know, Lillian follows racing form and enjoys losing money on three-legged nags. ... What have we missed here while we have been away?"

Geoffrey told Professor Whitehill the news that Professor Cable had resigned.

"Now, isn't that odd, Lillian?" exclaimed the Professor. "We saw Andrew Cable and his niece at Newmarket. He said nothing about leaving the university. It seems very sudden: I wonder what prompted it?"

Dr. Whitehill noticed that Mona, who had been very quiet and barely touched her coffee, was now hanging her head. Lillian bent over to Mona and quietly said:

"Are you quite all right, my dear?"

Mona made her decision. She looked up and smiled.

"Thank you, Lillian. I am fine now I've rested. Geoffrey and I should get back to work at the lab."

"Maybe Gordon can help you set up. It's not too late for him: he's been used to late nights at the conference and he needs to get back into the routine; isn't that so, Gordon?"

"Hmm, what, Dear? Late nights? I should say so, in the bar after the presentations. I'd be delighted to help tonight, if I am needed. In fact, I'd like to visit the laboratory anyway and catch up on some emails from friends at the conference. If you don't need me here, Dear, I'll go back with the young people. I think Miss Macready would welcome a lift."

At the laboratory, while the re-energised Mona was busy in the office at the computer and Geoffrey was making the bed, Professor Whitehill spoke confidentially to him, saying:

"Between you and me, Mr. Warner, I suspect the young lady we met with Andrew Cable at Newmarket was not his niece at all. I recognized her from the college. I did not like to say so in front of Mona, but you and I are men of the world, aren't we?"

Geoffrey tried not to laugh at the Professor's innocence.

"It's not my place to speculate or spread gossip," the professor continued, "but I wonder if Andrew Cable was not asked to resign."

"I have no information about it, Sir. It was only a second-hand report I heard, but I do know the general rumours about Professor Cable. Why can you not say this to Mona?"

"My dear boy. She is one of his students. It would be most improper to give her a reason not to respect him."

Mona had come back into the laboratory while the Professor was speaking and listened silently. Geoffrey saw her and, sparing her nothing, said:

"But what if the woman that Professor Cable is seeing is one of his students?"

"Is that possible? I think it would be seriously wrong of him. I cannot approve such modern goings on. In my day, Professors did not court their own students. I myself did not get engaged to Lillian until after she had graduated."

"Dr. Whitehill was your student, Sir?"

"Oh, yes: my best student. It was at first teaching post, right after I finished my Ph.D. Lillian and I fell for each other instantly but we had to wait two years because it was forbidden for staff to see pupils romantically, especially their own students. A teacher is 'in loco parentis', you know. Lillian and I met only in company or in public places, never in private, though neither of our parents would have minded, we learned afterward. They trusted us."

"Even in those days, however, 'affairs' between teachers and their own pupils were not unknown. I hope it is not the case in regard to Professor Cable but I sadly suspect that it is. I know I am out-of-touch and somewhat insular, but even I do not believe Professor Cable has so many nieces that he can take a different one on an educational trip every few weeks. And if I knew this, then I hardly expect those more conversant with the social life of our academy were incognizant. Don't you agree?"

"I do, Sir." Geoffrey said firmly, looking at Mona, who was openly weeping.

"I am old-fashioned enough," the professor continued, "to long for the time when we had proper pastoral care of students and could issue them warnings against some forms of behaviour. I don't want to sound like Mrs Allen in 'Northanger Abbey', but from what I hear of girls today (including my own grandchildren, I assure you), it is dangerous to give them any advice because they will naturally want to do the exact opposite. I don't therefore know how I could have warned any young lady in my charge to beware of Professor Cable."
