 I went out running that night. It seems like an eternity ago, but it's really only been about five months. It was nine o' clock and I was running down by the pond. It was cold and dark so hardly anyone else was around. No wonder they chose me. I came around a bend in the path and suddenly I started feeling very strange, as if something were trying to lift me off the ground. A second later, I was no longer on the path by the pond at all.

I didn't know where I was. I had stopped running, although I didn't remember ever having stopped. I was in a large, open, indoor space. The first thing I noticed was the lighting. There were strange pink blobs all over the ceiling that were letting off a soft glow. The place was dim, but I could see a few shapes off in the distance, all around me. Before I could explore, I heard a weird mechanical voice. It took me by surprise and I didn't hear what it had said, but then it repeated itself:

"Disrobe."

What, was this some kind of joke? It was all awfully elaborate if it was. I was about to say something but then I felt an electric shock right around my collarbone, followed by the voice repeating the same word again. I understood that who- or whatever it was meant business. I took off everything I was wearing, even my underwear just to be sure. I felt pretty scared and vulnerable, of course, but no one was around, and at least the temperature felt to be about 70 degrees. As soon as I had everything off, the clothes glowed in the same pink way as the lights overhead. And a moment later, they had vanished.

I started exploring my strange new surroundings, slightly conscious of my nudity all the while. It seemed as though I was in a fully furnished habitat, outfitted with everything a person might need. After looking around, I just stood still for a minute, unsure what to do. I was a little sweaty from running, so I thought I might as well take a shower in what appeared to be my new home (whether I liked it or not). I went back over to the part of the room that was marked CLEANSING in strange angled lettering. I was confused at first because there appeared to be nothing next to the sign--no knobs, no fixtures, just a pink circle glowing on the black ground.

I stepped into the middle of it. A few seconds later, water was streaming onto me from every direction. Then I felt a film of what I assumed was soap all over me, until it was rinsed away. The same thing happened with my hair, and soon afterwards, the water simply shut itself off. The whole process must've taken no more than two minutes. I couldn't help but be impressed by these aliens that had me, (at least I assumed it was aliens), because they had obviously done their homework. On the other hand, I had no way of drying off, so I guess they weren't perfect.

As I paced around, trying to dry myself, I heard some commotion, followed by the mechanical voice again. I wondered what I had done now. I went around the corner, over near where I had come in, but then quickly stepped back and hid.

There was a woman there.

I quickly started to see exactly what the aliens' agenda was.

I peeked around the corner. The woman looked as scared and confused as I must have looked on the way in. She appeared to be about 28, with a medium height, and a nice healthy body. The aliens sure knew how to pick them.

"Disrobe," the voice told her again. I just kept quiet and watched. After the day I had had, I figured I deserved to see this at least. The woman seemed to give in, taking off her sweatshirt. I noticed right away that she must have great breasts, seeing them pressed against her tight shirt. My cock started to swell, but I hardly noticed. The voice came again, along with the shock. The lady started hurrying, pulling her shoes and socks off quickly. Her jeans came next, one leg at a time, and with those on the floor, her tight shirt came over her head and off. She was just in her bra and panties then. I couldn't help stroking myself a little. It would have been really exciting if it weren't all so crazy at the same time.

She stood there in her sexy dark green underwear, hesitating again. The voice came and shocked her yet again. It looked like it hurt quite a bit. I looked down and realized that I was jerking myself off, hard and fast. The woman reached behind herself and undid her bra. She instinctively covered her breasts with her arm as the bra fell to the floor. Finally, she tugged down her panties with her free hand and stepped out of them. Seeing her standing nude that way, desperately trying to hide her big tits and her bare crotch--it was too much for me. I came while standing behind the corner, the same moment that her clothes disappeared in a flash of pink. My semen dripping down the wall vanished quickly as well. The aliens certainly were tidy.

I guessed it was time to meet my new roommate; there was really no way around it. I had no idea how to handle the awkward situation so I just stepped out from behind the bend, trying to hide my cock and balls as best I could. She saw me approaching, jumped, and took a step back.

"Give me back my clothes!" she blurted out.

"I... don't have them," I said stupidly. "They took mine, too." When she realized I was naked as well, she calmed down a little, though she kept her hands tight against her body.

"What do you mean 'they'?"

"Whoever they are; I don't know." She started looking around the room for the first time.

"How long have you been here?"

"Only about half an hour." I told her how I'd been running by the pond and then showed up here. She nodded slowly, trying to take everything in.

"Why are you wet?"

"Oh, I... took a shower."

"There's a shower here?"

"There's everything here." I showed her around a little, (as we both held our privates). It must have looked pretty funny, but since we were both naked, it wasn't as awkward as it could've been. There was a station with three pink buttons marked BREAKFAST FOOD, LUNCH FOOD, and DINNER FOOD. Another station (marked LITERATURE) had a big shelf full of books. The next station was called HUMAN WASTE. The aliens sure had a way of naming things. We laughed and talked quite a bit, in spite of everything.

There were a few other stations that we went past before coming to the last one (marked SLEEP). We stared at the large, single bed. There were no sheets, blankets, or pillows. The aliens didn't seem to want us to able to cover ourselves in any way. I turned to her.

"Well, is it time for bed then?" I felt as if I had just been on a date, (a very bizarre and amusing one, but a date nonetheless).

"Yeah, I guess," she said. "I don't know how I'll be able to sleep." I looked at the single mattress again.

"I guess I'll sleep on the floor?"

"Would you?"

"Sure, no problem."

"Thanks." Still holding her chest and crotch, she kissed me on the cheek. A wondering look came over her face. "You know, I don't even know your name."

"Ben," I told her.

"I'm Sera," she said, offering her hand. This gesture, of course, freed her breasts, and my eyes automatically went to them. When she realized this, her arm quickly shot back to her chest. I was so embarrassed!

"I'm sorry," I said immediately, averting my eyes.

"Uh, good night," she said awkwardly. I nodded and went to a different part of the room.

After a while, I heard her breathing evenly. She had managed to fall asleep after all. I sat against one of the walls, my penis fully erect. I couldn't get Sera's fabulous breasts out of my mind. My God, the woman could've easily been a Playboy playmate. I reached for my cock and... couldn't find it. My eyes blinked open. My dick was indeed still very there. I reached for it again, and my hand went right through it! What the hell was going on? I tried putting my hands together; that worked fine. I touched my scrotum; I could feel that alright. I was able to masturbate when Sera had first come in, but now I couldn't? I reasoned that the aliens must have done something, but why didn't they want me masturbating? Well, at the time, I had no idea, so I tried to get comfortable and sleep. It certainly wasn't easy with a raging hard-on!

When I woke up, I could only assume it was morning since there were no windows of any kind. I needed to use the HUMAN WASTE station. All it was, really, was a toilet seat suspended over an open hole. I peed through the open seat, relieved that I was able to touch my penis again, and the urine vanished neatly (with a pink flash, of course). I next stopped at the food station, not having eaten for probably 12 hours. I pressed the breakfast button, causing a wooden bowl, cup, and spoon to appear. The bowl steamed with hot oatmeal. I dug in hungrily, washing it down with the OJ from the cup.

When I had finished, I cautiously went over to Sera's side of the room. Peeking around the corner, I saw her on the bed, propped against the wall, reading one of the books from the shelf. I stared at her for a while, unable to help myself, then finally snapped out of it and knocked on the wall. She looked up.

"Oh, good morning, Ben," she said shyly.

"Morning."

"Uh, come, sit. You must be sick of the hard floor."

"Thanks." I went to the bed and sat down, politely facing away from her.

"Um, Ben?"

"Yeah?"

"I need to talk to you about something."

"Well, I'm not going anywhere." We laughed nervously.

"It's just, well, it's embarrassing."

"Don't worry, you can trust me." I held my hand out in her direction and she took it briefly.

"Okay. Well, about an hour ago, I... I went to look at you while you were sleeping, and I got... got turned on." I couldn't believe what I was hearing; it was just too perfect somehow.

"Sera, believe me, I can completely understand that. You... well, you're amazing." She giggled a little.

"But anyway, I came back to the bed here to, you know, touch myself, and... and..."

"And you couldn't," I finished for her. I looked at her surprised face. "I couldn't either, at least, not the second time." A slight smile formed at the corners of her mouth.

"Uh, what... what happened the first time?" she asked, on the verge of giggling. I smiled at her.

"Well, it was when you first came in. When the voice made you take your clothes off, I was watching from behind the corner and... masturbating." We both blushed. "Who's embarrassed now?" I joked.

"But why?" Sera went on, "Why do that to us?"

"I don't know. Maybe..." I smiled just then, thinking of something.

"What?" Sera prompted.

"Maybe they're trying to bring us together--make us rely on each other." Sera blushed again. I pressed on. "Do you want me to try... something?" She looked me in the eye, probably wondering if she was ready to trust me.

"Okay," she said tentatively. She shyly moved to the edge of the bed, her hands always trying to cover herself. I kneeled on the floor in front of her as Sera nervously opened her legs, revealing herself to me. I reached out and touched one of her swollen pussy lips with my fingers, feeling her hot skin.

"Can you feel it?" Sera nodded, starting to breathe heavily. I inserted two fingers into her moist vagina and fucked her. I looked up and saw her breasts swaying with the rise and fall of her chest. I finger-fucked her harder, faster. I brought my other hand around and thumbed her clit forcefully while still pressing into her. Sera started moaning.

"Oh, ohhh, please don't stop!" I kept both hands working hard until Sera climaxed. I slowed my motions, then stopped. Sweat glistened on Sera's forehead as her breathing gradually slowed.

"How was that?" I asked, grinning. Sera slid off the bed and kneeled in front of me. After looking into me for a brief moment, she kissed me deeply, dipping her tongue into my mouth.

My eyes were closed, so I didn't know what the problem was at first.

"Oh no," Sera said. When I opened my eyes, I looked down and watched as Sera's lovely hand went back and forth through my erect penis, unable to touch it. "They picked up on it already? God, Ben, I'm so sorry!"

"It's alright," I lied. "It's not your fault." Suddenly, she seemed to have an idea.

"Get on the bed."

"Sera, what--"

"Quick, before they try something else!" After trading positions, Sera started licking my balls. It felt and looked very nice, but I knew it wouldn't be enough if my penis couldn't be stimulated. I was about to tell her so when I felt her finger at my anus, which promptly rendered me incapable of speech. It was my turn to breathe and moan wildly. Sera kept eating my balls hungrily while probing me with her middle finger. God this woman was good! My legs jerked uncontrollably. The sensation was fabulous. After another minute of stimulation, my penis erupted, never having been touched. I shot wildly, cum sailing through the air, ending up on my neck, among other places. Sera crawled up onto me and licked some of the cum off.

"I don't give up that easily, Ben," she whispered, then kissed me deeply again.

When I finally returned to my senses, I said, "Sera, have I told you lately that you're amazing?"

"Uh, yes, I believe you did, Ben."

"Oh. Well how about 'magnificent'? Do you like that?" She grinned.

"Yes, that'll do."

After that morning, needless to say, Sera and I were a pretty secure couple. The mysterious aliens had taken away the possibility of more wonderful sex, but we did our best to enjoy our little habitat anyway, showing each other our love any way we could.


One day, after about a week of celibacy, I checked to see if anything had changed. There was indeed a change.

"Sera, I think we're in business!" She came over to see what I was talking about, and when she saw that I was able to wave my erect penis around with my hand, she was immediately overcome with lust.

"Ben, put it in me--now!" I was happy to oblige. But, yet again, we were disappointed. When I tried to plunge it into Sera, as she had requested, it only went through, not in. "What kind of sick game are they playing with us!" she shouted.

"Calm down," I said. "Have you tried yourself?" Sera reached for her own sex and was successfully able to rub her crotch.

"Thank God," she said, relieved. "At least that's one thing."

"And let's use it. We can't give up so easily, right?" That made her smile. I loved seeing her smile.

I got down on my knees and Sera followed suit. We masturbated together, watching each other's movements closely. In a way, it was better than sex, because we could see each other so well, so completely. We came together, in a great rush. After a week of nothing, it was glorious.

Later that day, it happened. I was giving Sera a massage when the wall next to the bed opened right up. Three aliens stepped through the doorway, totally stunning us. They were pink (of course), about four feet tall, and sort of pudgy. The one in the middle spoke, not in a mechanical voice, but in regular English:

"Benjamin, Sera, thank you for being our most honored guests this fortnight. I apologize for the limitations we placed on you. We felt it was necessary in order to carry out our experiment properly." It paused here, giving me a chance to find my voice.


"What experiment is that?"

The creature smiled, (at least I thought it was a smile), and replied, "You will know shortly, sir. Kindly follow me."

Sera and I followed them into the opening, through a pink-blob lit stairway, to another door. We were told to enter this new room and await instructions. After a minute or two, the arena was lit brightly. We were in an open space with a different bed placed in the center. And seated all around the room, observing, were dozens of the same type of pink alien. I guessed there were about a hundred. Sera put her arms around my waist, concerned. The creature that had addressed us before now stood high above the rest, prepared to make an announcement:

"We have gathered here to observe, and learn from, this pair of young humans. Love between the human beings of Earth is one of the most fascinating concepts in all the universe, and it is our privilege to witness this event today." There was some murmuring throughout the assembled crowd. "Sera, Benjamin," the creature continued, "All limitations have now been removed. Please proceed as you wish."

And with that, the lights dimmed slightly, hiding the aliens from sight. I looked at Sera.

"Are we ready to do this?" I asked. She kissed me sweetly.

"Yes, Ben; we're ready."

I kissed her again, kissing my way down her soft neck. Massaging Sera's breasts, I brought her nipples to attention and took them each into my mouth. I felt the need to taste every part of Sera's body, again and again. I didn't ever want to stop. Sera got on the bed and brought her legs up, her feet nearing her head, presenting her beautiful pussy and anus. I went down on her hungrily, eating the sensitive areas between her thighs and buns. I honestly could have licked Sera's crotch for hours, but after a time, she stopped me, wanting to give some oral of her own.

I stood up and held my arms back, granting Sera all the access she wanted. She stared down at my stiff cock, then looked at me, her eyes overflowing with desire. She bent over and made love to me with her mouth, slowly and deeply. She must have licked my balls alone for a good five minutes. I could only look down and watch, trying to keep my knees from buckling. Then, likewise, I had to stop her too, or she would have easily brought me to orgasm using only her smooth tongue. Sera moved to the center of the bed.

"Ben?" she whispered.

"Yes?"

"Make love to me."

"Yes, Sera." She parted her labia with her fingers, awaiting my cock. I got onto the bed and kneeled before her, cock in hand, savoring the moment.

"Please, Ben. Please," Sera said, rotating her hips, begging me. I propped myself forward with one arm, and inserted my penis into Sera's vagina for the first time. She uttered a sigh, both of relief and further longing. I fucked Sera steadily for several minutes, our bodies molded together. I withdrew, desperately trying to lengthen my staying time, and rubbed my cockhead back and forth over Sera's hot clitoris, causing her to gasp each time. We were both very close to the edge, so instead of teasing us to death, I prepared to mercifully finish us off. I positioned my penis in front of Sera's soaked opening, and plunged it home, all the way. Our entire bodies shuddered as we rode the waves of pleasure. I filled Sera with my seed and her cunt willingly pulled it all in, her muscles tugging at me, not wanting to let go. Our mouths were locked together and I could feel Sera's warm breath on my face. Finally, our lips parted, and we slowly, slowly came down.

After a few seconds of silence, there were more noises from the crowd. I think we had both totally forgotten that they were still there. Sera and I got up and stood together, holding each other close. The door to the room opened and we returned to our habitat, led by the same three aliens. The other two left, leaving the English-speaker to remain behind and bid us farewell.

"Thank you so much for participating," it said. "I know the circumstances were strange, but I think we're all glad that destiny joined the two of you." Sera and I smiled at each other. It was indeed true. The creature bowed and said, "Goodbye."

As soon as the word was out of its mouth, Sera and I found ourselves standing next to the pond, our clothes restored, with the sun shining on our faces and wind blowing our hair around. We took a moment to breathe in the fresh air before I went down on one knee to propose to Sera. And the rest, as they say, is history.

The End