 Shika was suddenly awake. Her mind had made that leap between unconsciousness and waking in an instant. Lazily she moved her arm toward her face to rub the sleep from her eyes but the arm was restrained. “Oh,” she thought. “I’m still in the acceleration tank”

Moving her left hand to the side of the tank she could just reach the release catch allowing the restraining straps to snap back into their holders. She relaxed for a moment and the tank opened with a hiss. Cold air streamed into the tank and flowed over Shikas' nude body raising gooseflesh and her nipples immediately became erect and perky. Quickly her hands begin rubbing her skin warming it (paying more attention to some places more than others). Slowly she began to become accustomed to the change in temperature. 

Sitting up in the tank Shika swung her feet to the floor and padded across the cell to the bench in front of her locker. Opening the locker she took out her uniform jump suit and took it with her to the bathroom. Seated in the shower Shika directed the water over her body. Then with the water tingling over her bare skin she pulled the built in vibrator from the shower wall and began to move it slowly over her nipples. Her body began to relax with the stimulation. One hand moved down across her stomach to her pubic mound and began a slow, gentle course over her pussy lips feeling the growing sticky, wetness there. Then it was the vibrator held tight to her clit while one hand stroked and pinched her hard, erect nipples. The vibrator sent waves through her pussy as her lips engorged. The toy now sliding deep inside as the warmth of her growing pleasure began to build in her lower belly. Then, pulling the vibrator out and placing it again on her throbbing clit she doubled over with the force of her orgasm. Momentarily she leaned against bulkhead for a moment then she turned off the water spray, dried under a stream of warm air from the plenums on the shower wall and dressed in her uniform.

Refreshed, she took the few steps into the control room to check her position. Seating herself in her command chair she placed her hands flat on the arms. Immediately the screen in front of her came to life showing the position of her space cruiser, Searcher, surrounded by reference numbers in three space against a field of stars. “Hmm. This makes no sense. I’m nowhere near Weldon’s Planet,” she said aloud, toying with her left nipple thoughtfully. Moving her thumb slightly to the right she opened a communication link. The screen changed to a Space Fleet logo, which then cleared to show Admiral Stanos at his desk. 

The image of Admiral Stanos began to speak in a mechanical voice typical of computer generated approximations, “Good morning, Captain Shika. You have been asleep one hundred twenty three days of your journey. We have awakened you early because we have a special mission for you.” At this the image seemed to take a deep breath and rub an electronic bulge in its pants as the electronic eyes seemed to roam over the bulge of her breasts. “I have some sad news for you, Captain. Captain Dansil is missing somewhere near your present position. You are to search the area and locate him giving him any assistance he may require. End message.” Oddly, the communications computer distorted the image. It gave the image the incorrect direction of the Admiral’s eyes. They still appeared to be staring directly at Shika’s ample tits. But she knew that could not be correct since sexual anything was strictly forbidden among Space Fleet officers. And the Admiral was about as officer as you could get. At that the screen blinked off and was again replaced by the Star field.

“Dansil,” Shika though. “Dansil, my love.” Even though fraternization between Space officers was forbidden Shika and Dansil had been lovers for… How does one count years when years are stretched by the time anomaly of Einstein’s theories? Shika usually kept track of the time by the number of trysts she managed with Dansil. For a moment she fondly recalled the joy of four fucks ago at the pleasure resort on Rigel.

Dansil and Shika first met at the Space Fleet Academy while taking refresher courses in astro-navigation when they first took command of their own cruisers. That was back in 2263, nearly 200 years ago.  In all that time neither of the lovers had aged more than a year. This was one of the perplexing things about travel at or near the speed of light. Everyone Shika had known on Earth had long since died of old age but here she was still in her mid-twenties as young and vibrant and horny as ever.

Shikas’ first meeting with Dansil had been electric. The fire that began to burn between her legs at that moment continued unabated to this day. Was that fire love? That was not possible. Love was an antiquated idea with no place in Space Fleet. How could love survive when two people could never count on ever seeing each other and if they did it would only be rare occasion’s years apart? That was where Mr. Einstein came in. Shika could remember vividly the last time she rode Dansils’ pole almost 4 years ago. But those were subjective years. The time that passed in Shikas’ mind was only eight days. She noticed that thoughts of that cock were making her wet again

“Darling Dansil,” she whispered with sigh, rubbing her slick puss. An involuntary shiver coursed through her body at the thought of losing him and his member. Her fingers moved quickly as the screen changed in unison with the sensors as she searched frantically. Then she saw it. Not much of a trace but there still. Shika moved her fingers more carefully as she analyzed the trace. Finally confirming a unique, low-level reaction stream coming from the engines of Dansils' ship.

With a quick movement of her hand the “Searcher” turned and began to accelerate in the direction of the trace. He fingers made delicate movements over the sensors aimed at the dildo shape of Dansils' ship. Then it seemed that something was not quite right. Dansil was turning away from her as she moved towards it. But the difference in speed was huge. Dansil was hardly moving while she was traveling at close to 3% of the speed of light. Then it seemed Dansils' ship was turning again. This time toward her. “Oh,” she thought. “Dansil is going in a circle. How very odd.”

It was nearly an hour before Shikas' ship approached Dansil. Shika has slowed to 2000 KPS as she approached then slowed again to 188 KPS as she closed on her target. Now she could see it in the view screen. Her fingers ordered maximum magnification so she could see. The ship showed black scars running across it’s brilliant white hull, even scaring the Cock and Balls logo of the Space Fleet painted on the side. One engine was shut down and the other running at bare steerage. “That explains the circle he’s making,” Shika thought. Then within 500 kilometers of Dansil, Shika brought her ship to a stop. Her fingers flicked over the communication keys and Admiral Stanos face showed on the screen in front of her. His eyes were closed. His mouth open. The image appeared some what jerky (damn computer glitch again).  Then the Admiral opened his eyes and looked startled.

“Captain Shika reporting, Admiral. I have Captain Dansil in sight. There are signs of battle. The hull has phaser scaring and the ship seems to be dead.”

The image of the Admiral rubbed its chin and cleared his throat then responded, “Phaser scaring, you say?  Hmmm. Approach with caution. Have you been able to raise Captain Dansil?”

“Negative, Admiral. Like I reported. The ship seems dead.”

The Admiral looked nervous. “Carry on, Captain. But be careful.”

Carefully, Shika matched the orbit and velocity of Dansils' ship then carefully approached bringing the airlocks of the two ships just inches apart. Automatically, the airlocks coupled together with an audible noise and a jar. Setting the automatic controls, Shika got up and headed for the airlock.

Nervously, she waited while the airlock cycled and after what seemed like an hour the green light on the door panel turned green and Shika threw the handle open and climbed in the airlock closing the door behind her. Turning and taking the one step to the opposite door she began the cycle process to open the outer door. On opening, she stepped into Densils' airlock and closed the door behind her. Stepping to the view port on the last door as she began to cycle Densils' inner door.

As the door swung open Shika could smell something just for a moment. Something sweet and yet very light. Something very odd. Something that gave her a strange feeling she could not understand. A smell almost like cum drying between her thighs.

Drawing her blaster, Shika stepped out of the airlock and surveyed the corridor. Moving slowly she headed toward the control room. At the door she carefully looked in. Everything seemed to be in order. Then she heard the sound of heavy breathing. “Dansil,” she thought. Moving quickly into the control room she came to the command chair and there he was. Dansil was naked, eyes closed, stroking his huge, wonderful cock. His hand moved quickly up and down the shaft. His index finger moving over the purple head at the top of each stroke. Shika stopped dead in her tracks and stared. She could see splashes of dried cum on the control panel, Densils' legs and belly, everywhere.

Shika opened her mouth to say something. But at that moment Dansil groaned and a great load of cum splashed out of his cock traveling a full two feet into the air before falling in puddles back on the control panel and his naked body.

“Dansil?” she said tentatively.

“Oh God. Come here baby. Ride my cock.” Dansil said with a wide grin on his face. “I need it, baby. I need your cunt.” Dansil reached for Shikas' arm but she involuntarily stepped back out of reach, her mouth still agape.

“Dansil?” Shika said, tentatively. “What the hell’s going on here?”

Dansil attempted to stand, reaching for Shika but fell heavily back into his chair and with eyes glazed began stroking his hard cock again with renewed energy. Low moans began in his throat and soon became the guttural sounds of sex along with words. “Fuck me, baby. Take my big cock. Your pussy feels so good.”

Shika unzipped a pocket on the thigh of her jump suit and extracted her medical scanner. She turned the device on and made several adjustments then began scanning Dansil. All the readings were normal with the exception of his breathing, heart rate and blood pressure. Not very surprising. Making several more adjustments to the scanner she held it out in the direction of Dansil. Suddenly the scanner began to beep wildly. Shika looked at the monitor on the scanner. “How very odd.” She thought to herself as she perused the output.

Dansil gave a loud groan and wads of cum splattered toward the ceiling then fell back, some falling in Shikas' hair. “Cut that out you shit head!” she screamed as she backed out of range of Densils’ canon like cock.

What Shika saw on the scan monitor confused her. Dansil seemed to be infected with a very complex non-carbon protean-like virus. She fingered the controls on the scanner to analyze the bug. After several minutes she gave up. Nothing in either the ships massive memory banks or the medical scanner could even begin to identify the virus. So, turning on her heel, she made her way back to her ship. She needed some help with this and was not even sure how to report what she saw.

          **********************************

Admiral Stanos’ image rubbed his ruddy jaw and said, “Sounds like we need some off world medical expertise. I’ll call in Doctor Landera.” The monitor froze for several moments then flickered back to life split down the center. The Admiral on the left and a middle aged, brunette woman dressed in a white lab coat on the right. Shika thought the woman may have been quite attractive in her twenties but now she was showing her age. Gravity was taking its toll her she thought. “Doctor, this is Captain Shika. She seems to have encountered something out in Zebulon free space” the Admiral said without inflection.

The woman in the lab coat smiled and said “Tell me what you’ve found, my dear.” Doctor Landera listened intently as Shika made her report detailing the scan of the virus and the condition of the ship. But the Doctor smiled broadly when Shika described Dansil sitting nude in his command seat stroking his penis. At the description of the deep purple head and the puddles of cum the Doctor began to shift from foot to foot, obviously agitated. “This a wonderful new, my dear,” Landera said as she moved closed to the view camera so that only her head and shoulders showed on the monitor.

“Why wonderful? You should just see poor Captain Dansil sitting in puddles of sperm and whacking off.” Shika said dismayed.

“Oh no. You don’t understand.” Landera said. Somehow her mechanically approximated voice seemed deeper and throatier than before and her image seemed to be jerking back and forth in front of the camera. “This is wonderful news. Just think what you have found. And how big did you say his cock was, my dear?” Landera asked.

“Well. It was huge. At least 10 inches and veins sticking out all over the shaft. But…” Shika responded. Shika noticed the Doctor’s eyes had rolled back in her head. There were deep moans coming from the speaker and the Admiral seemed to look somewhat disturbed. Shika wondered what was wrong with her communication equipment.

“10 inches! Oh God. I want that cock so bad! Makes me so fucking…. Oh yessssssssssssssssssss.” the Doctor screamed. Then she seemed to shudder for a full minute, putting her arm out to clutch something off camera as she lowered her head and seemed to be breathing quite heavy.

“Are you okay, Doctor Landera?” Shika inquired.

“Oh yes. God yes. That was great.” Landera said as she stepped back adjusting her lab coat. “I mean, we have to help this poor boy. Listen carefully. This is what you have to do.”

        ***********************************

Quietly, Shika moved up just behind the command chair on Densils' ship. With one quick movement she grabbed the back of the chair and stretched over the back and stabbed with the syringe filled with Pro-Sleep9. The chair was empty. As she straightened two arms encircled her grabbing her breasts, forefingers and thumbs pinching her nipples hard. Then she was thrown up against the control panel and strong hands were on the back of her jumpsuit tearing at the fabric. With a mighty wrench the hands tore the suit away leaving Shika pressed against the control panel. 

A huge cock was forcing itself between her legs as the hands returned to her heaving breasts. Shika struggled to turn enough to stab Dansil with the syringe in her hand but she was held pinned. Meanwhile the huge cock continued to probe between her legs, rubbing against her lips.

Shika continued to struggle for a moment then she noticed the wetness beginning to well at the edges of her pussy lips and she leaned against the wall, mouth open, low moans coming from deep in her throat as Densils’ cock slide over her lips picking up wetness and finally slipping between her lips to stroke her now raging clit. Then with one mighty stroke, Dansil slid his cock into Shika, probing deep into her love tunnel, entering places that had never been touched before. Shika moved backwards against the cock taking all of it inside her. Dansil moved harder, faster. His cock growing with each stroke until it seemed it would explode. Shikas' was aware of nothing except the wild pounding and the warm beginnings of orgasm radiating from her belly downward to her pussy. “Oh Fuck meeeeee,” she screamed as her entire body began to spasm in climax. Great waves coursed through her body leaving her knees weak. As she began to slump the cock shot a huge load of cum deep inside her pussy, mixing with her own juices and running out around the cock and down her legs.

Dansil pulled his cock out of Shika and, walking across the control room, slumped in his command chair. Shika crawled over to the chair, lifted her arm and brought the syringe down hard on Densils' thigh. Automatically the drug injected itself into the leg. Densils' eyes opened and his face took on a surprised look then he slumped in his command chair breathing slowly.

Shakily, Shika got to her feet and staggered back to the airlock where she had left the portable gurney. She wheeled the cart back to the control room, stopping next to the sleeping Captain. Taking a deep breath, Shika began the job of struggling the sleeping Dansil onto the gurney.

Finally, sweating profusely, the job was done and Shika buckled the arm, chest and leg straps across the sleeping body. Then standing back, she surveyed her work. “Gawd, that cock! It is still so damn hard.” 

Using the hard cock for a handle, Shika wheeled the gurney into sick bay where the wheels locked into grooves in the floor immobilizing the gurney for the trip back to Space Command. This done, Shika made her way back to her own ship and dropped heavily into her command chair.

Moving her fingers expertly she soon had a communications link open to the Admiral and Doctor Lardera, again on split screen. “Captain Shika reporting. I have Captain safely tied up and strapped down in sick bay on the other ship. Now what?” she asked.

The Admiral scratched his chin because that was what he did best, knowing that it made him look thoughtful even though he had no idea what to do next. After all, how long would he remain a full Admiral in Space Fleet is anyone suspected he had no idea what was going on? The doctor spoke up saying “And what is the condition of the patient?”

“Why he’s sleeping peacefully. But he has the biggest hard on I’ve ever damn seen” responded Shika.

The doctor shook her head slowly and pursed her lips. “I’m afraid I really need to look for myself. Can you set up a comm link in that sick bay?” the doctor asked, licking her lips as her image seemed to be rubbing her left nipple through her lab coat.

“I think so, doctor. Give me a few minutes” Shika answered, thinking.

“Umm… You should hurry, Captain. And… umm… don’t bother getting dressed. Time is of the essence, you know” the Admiral popped up.

Looking closer at the monitor Shika thought the Admiral’s image seemed to be distorted making him appear to have a large bulge in his pants. “Gotta get this damn computer fixed” she thought as she padded off back to the airlock carrying an armload of junk electronic components she hoped could be worked into a communications link for the doctor.

Which some difficulty Shika managed to assemble something that looked like a large Erector Set crane with a camera attached to the bull hook at the end of a long wire which winched up and down at the whim of a small electric motor. Why this happened, Shika could not figure out. Plugging the contraption into a bulkhead electrical receptacle the little electric motor began to make whirring sounds and lights mounted on the sides of the tower blinked on and the camera came to life. The monitor flickered a couple times. The picture rolled twice and finally settled down to show the Admiral and doctor in split screen.

“Good work, Captain” the Admiral said, seeming rubbing the electronic bulge in his pant.

“Oh. Yessss… Excellent. Just look at that cock… er… I mean penis. Oh. Yes. Nice work, Captain. Do you think I could get a close up?” the doctor asked.

“YeeeeHaaaaa! Let’s have a close up of those puppies!” the Admiral agreed, still somewhat confused as to what was supposed to be going on.

Moving the camera tower closer to the gurney Shika tried to adjust the focus, which she found somewhat hard because it was going up and down the tower on the end of the bull hook. But finally accomplished the task.

“Holy Shit! Oh Baby!” the doctor screamed. “Just look at that thangggggg! I gotta get my hands on that sucker.” 
