 Sigrid left the argument behind her. As soon as it was declared that she was not needed until morning she had left them behind. The voices penetrated through the thick oaken door and it was clear that Jarl was losing.

Not my problem, Sigrid thought and headed out of the building.

The large bell tower had just struck noon and the campus was filled with students about to embark on wherever their Cleansingday plans were bringing them. Sigrid knew where she was going on her unexpected day off. She headed down the hill on the small avenue that led to all the strange bookshops. Last time they passed she had been certain that one of the books looked at her. She stopped for a second and inspected the ground where Jarl stopped every time they passed. She could see nothing different about it. The path was regular square flagstones of some rough variety. Grass covered both sides of the path and a few old trees stood crooked, almost leaning away from the College.

Seems like I'm not the only one that wants to get out of this place whenever I can.

A couple of students that were heading her way, one of them looked familiar. Oh. The Idiot and his friends. He caught her looking at him and she quickly ducked away and headed down the avenue.

"Hey! You!" someone shouted behind her.

She had no interest in talking to any of them. She sprinted down the path and turned a sharp left after the first building of the regular houses, the one with the bookstore that only kept books that looked like animals. She climbed up one of the walls, as she reached the top she looked back and saw the Idiot and his posse looking up at her in awe. She shrugged down at them and continued over the rooftops. She had heard some of the others using it at night calling it the high way. It made sense. There were places where planks or ropes had been put up so that you could cross over where it was too far to jump, at least for the people normally using them. Sigrid sprinted over one roof and leapt, soaring through the air and landing lightly on the next continuing like that to the park that separated College from Parchent. Once there she scaled down the façade of the building and leapt onto the railing of one of the bridges that crossed the small river separating the districts. As she reached the other side, she went up again.

Walking with Jarl it had taken almost half a bell to get to Sinner's Delight, sprinting the high way it took less than ten drops. Sigrid slipped down onto the window ledge and peeked through the window. She was in her bed. Sigrid silently opened the window and stepped inside. She walked over to the bed and stood next to it looking down at the sleeping figure. Irese's long blonde hair flowed down her back, the cover had slipped down and Sigrid could see the top of her buttocks. Sigrid stood watching the sleeping woman for a few drops. Sigrid quickly reached out for her watchers, all seemed clear, Jarl was in no immediate danger. She looked back at Irese.

"Are you just going to stand there, or will you get in here with me", Irese said in her drawly Imperial looking over her shoulder.

Sigrid smiled and started shedding her clothes. She had spent the first three nights after arriving at Eldor perched outside of Irese's window. Watching. Waiting. Watching her service her clients. Waiting for Irese to notice her. But of course, she hadn't. On the fourth night as Irese shepherded her last client out of her room Sigrid cracked the window open and slid in. She stood behind one of the large tapestries for another hour until Irese was asleep. The tapestries were hanging unconventionally far from the wall, almost as if it was intended for spying. Then she had stepped out and stalked over to the bed looking down at Irese, who looked back up at her with a smirk on her face.

"I wondered how many nights it would take before you dared come in," Irese had said with that wonderful voice of hers.

Sigrid undid her belts and hung them over the back of a chair. Quickly counted that all ten throwing daggers were there. One for each Sister in her pride. The needle-like longdagger that sat tight against the outside of her thigh went next and the slender sheath soon hung next to the belt. Last came the striking daggers that lay slick against the insides of her wrists in their spring-loaded sheaths. She undid the rest of her clothes and slid under the sheet behind Irese. The woman purred as Sigrid put her arms around her letting a hand rest over one of Irese's large breasts. A small shiver went through Sigrid as she felt the other woman's nipple stiffen slightly as her palm brushed over it. But right now, she just wanted to sleep. She put her nose in Irese's hair and drew deep on her scent and quickly fell asleep.

"What's this one?" Irese said trailing a long-nailed finger along one of the scars that went parallel to one of Sigrid's ribs.

"Assault on the High King of Ostheim's summer palace."

"You were trying to kill a king?" Irese said incredulously.

"Not trying. Succeeding."

Irese furrowed her brows as if trying to read Sigrid's mind. Sigrid just looked at her until Irese gave up and shook her head smiling at her.

"Who gave it to you?"

"One of the king's personal guard. I was young and eager. And not very smart. I missed him as I stepped into the king's chamber and he put a spear through my chest, right here," Sigrid said taking Irese's hand and pushing it against the scar.

Then she took the hand and moved it up to her breast. Irese smiled, leaned in and kissed her and caressed her breast with her hand. Sigrid's chest was almost like a boy's but Irese did not seem to care, she treated Sigrid's breasts as if they had been as large as her own. Sigrid let herself get lost in Irese's soft lips and the touch of her hand for a while as the outside world disappeared. She had not had anyone like Irese since Torun, and that was five years ago. The blond woman's lips started exploring her body, stopping a short while whenever she encountered a new scar, and there were plenty of those. Finally, she arrived at Sigrid's wetness. Sigrid gasped and put her head back as Irese put her long tongue into her heat. She lay there focusing on nothing but what Irese was doing to her. Closer and closer to the edge. She crumpled the sheet in her hands and arched up towards Irese's mouth and her whole body shook as she reached her peak. She fell down on the bed completely exhausted. Irese purred again as she crawled up next to her and put her head on Sigrid's shoulder. They lay there for a while just listening to the each other breathe.

"Did you like holding me?" Irese said with her mouth close to Sigrid's neck, her breath hot on Sigrid's skin.

Sigrid looked down at the other woman.

"What do you mean?"

Irese looked up at her.

"You know what I mean."

She did. And she had enjoyed it a lot. Holding Irese's head in a tight grip as Jarl thrust into her mouth, leaving Irese completely defenseless. It had been ... exhilarating. Part of her had wished to hold Irese down harder, to force her to her will, another part of her ... she was almost ashamed of the thought, another part of her wanted to be Irese.

"You did like it," Irese said with more than a hint of satisfaction in her voice.

Sigrid blushed. Sigrid never blushed, she could not remember herself blushing, ever. She blushed even harder at the thought of herself blushing. Irese put her lips at Sigrid's ear and whispered.

"Next time I want you to hold me even harder. And I want you to pinch my nipples until I squirm."

Sigrid felt a heat rising inside her at Irese's words. She dared not look the other woman in the eyes. Instead she looked at the blonde woman's slowly heaving breasts and got even wetter.

"My turn," she said and slid down along Irese's body.

She stopped briefly at her breasts, she never could get quite enough of them, and then continued down to her cleft. She spent almost half a bell pleasing Irese before she reached her peak.

"What do you think of Jarl?" Irese asked as they lay panting next to each other.

Sigrid looked over at Irese. The blonde woman was looking up at the ceiling twirling her hair with one hand.

"He's a buffoon. A fool."

Irese looked over at her raising an eyebrow.

"Aren't you supposed to be protecting his life?"

Sigrid nodded.

"I've protected fools in the past, it is usually a lot harder than protecting regular people. The only ones harder to protect than fools are intelligent people. And I fear that Jarl may be an intelligent fool."

She did not know where all the words came from. She usually did not say more than a single sentence and normally they were quite short. Irese was nodding at her. Sigrid tried reading the expression on her companion's face but couldn't. Sometimes she really wondered what Irese was thinking.

"Does he know that you speak Imperial?"

Sigrid shrugged. She didn't know. She didn't care.

"I don't think so. And I'm not going to tell him. I told you. He's a fool."

"He's a darn attractive fool though," Irese said and with a smile she added. "And he has such a wonderful cock."

Sigrid tried her best not to blush again and almost succeeded.

"Do you like cock?" Irese asked as if it was the most normal subject two people could talk about.

Sigrid blushed harder. Irese rolled over on her side and smiled wider.

"You do. You love cock, don't you?" she said her eyes sparkling.

Sigrid looked away. She had not been with a man in years, but Irese's words brought the memories back. Irese was right. Sigrid did love cock. The only problem was that she hated men.

Sigrid left the Sinner's Delight at eight bells, just before Irese's first client would arrive. She had checked in on her watchers again and there was still nothing out of the regular. She was painfully aware that if one of them did go off she was likely too far away to do anything about it. She was walking the brightly lit roads but increased her pace a little, skipping every third step. She wondered if the Sisters had anyone spying on her, they were awfully far from the Citadel of Daggers, but she wouldn't put it beneath them. Given the amount of money that the Nordheimrs were paying for her services there may very well be someone looking out for their investment. But on the other hand, she was an exile. There was no other word for the mission they had given her. Putting her three thousand miles away from the Citadel was exile. Even if it paid well.

She started passing more and more inebriated students from the College the closer she got. Heading up the walkway towards Jarl's quarters she once again saw the Idiot and his gang. They were sitting near one of the large oaks sharing a bottle of wine, she was tempted to go closer to eavesdrop but made her way into the building instead. Outside of Jarl's door she stopped to listen. Nothing. She put her ear against the door. The wood was unnaturally smooth. She thought she heard light snoring. It wasn't even nine bells yet. Well, she wasn't going in there voluntarily and she had been dismissed until morning. After a moments reflection she headed up the stairs that led to the roof. She had already cracked the lock once and it didn't take three blinks to get it open this time. She went out into the night and propped herself up on one of the gargoyles that hung over the edge of the building. To the casual observer she probably looked like another one of the beasts.

It was past three bells and the last stragglers had made their way home when movement caught her eye. Someone, or something was moving down by the Animancy building. Sigrid stood up and walked quietly along the ridge of the roof. Four quick steps and a leap later she landed on the College Library roof. Heading along the ridge she walked over to the edge that faced the Animancy building. One of the large doors was open and she could see light from inside. She ducked down as someone looked out of the doorway. Was that Master Olgric? It was difficult to see at this distance. Whoever it was waved his hand and from the other side of the plaza a group of men carrying a large box started moving. It seemed to be heavy work and at least once one of the men almost tripped bringing the whole company to the ground but caught his footing it at the last instance. In short order five more boxes, of varying size, but all were heavy, were moved into the Animancy building after which the doors were closed and audibly locked. Sigrid sat there for a few more drops before heading back to the dormitory.

As the towers started chiming the sixth bell Sigrid went down into the building and headed towards Jarl's door. She looked at the other doors she passed. When she thought of it, she hadn't seen anyone else use one of them, ever. No one else even seemed to enter the building. Cloud it be that they were the only ones there? She arrived at Jarl's door. Felt the handle. It was unlocked. As quietly as she could she lowered the handle and opened the door.

"Sigrid! Where have you been!"

Jarl almost shouted the words as she stepped through the door.

Awake? At six in the morning? On Saviorday? Sigrid thought as she looked at Jarl's haggard face. She opened her mouth to answer but he beat her to it.

"You cannot believe what has occurred. A most heinous crime. As awful as the damning of the seventh. The most horrible thing that could ever happen to me," he said waiving a few papers in front of her face. "I'm doomed!"

He handed her the papers and threw his hands into the air.

"I never knew how much Jorgrim hated me until this very moment," he said falling into one of the soft sofas that he liked so much.

Sigrid looked down at the papers. They were hand-written letters.

"Doomed," Jarl said putting his face in his hands.

Sigrid looked at him. She knew that Jorgrim was his eldest, still living, brother, the one in line for the throne. He was some eighty years old. The king of Nordheim had been siring heirs for a long, long time. She looked down at the topmost letter.

Dear brother,

It is with deepest regret that We must inform you that Our beloved father has joined our ancestors in the Golden Halls. As this letter reaches you, his ashes will already have been scattered over the Wild Sea and his spirit will have departed this world.

It was his final dying wish that We care for his wife, the queen dowager, and that We give her a husband and a home.

In my grace as the new ruler and High King of Nordheim it is Our pleasure to inform you that We have chosen you, my dear brother, to take the hand of the queen dowager in marriage, until the day that one of you leaves for the Golden Halls.

We will be sending the queen dowager, her servants as well as a cleric of the True Faith with this letter so that the marriage can be officiated with utmost haste. We do not wish to see the queen dowager unwed for too long lest We fail in our duties to Our beloved, departed father.

My best wishes in your endeavors,

Your beloved brother,

Jorgrim the Magnificent, High King of Nordheim

Sigrid lowered the letter and looked over at Jarl. The young man was laying on his back in one of the sofas and seemed to be crying. She couldn't blame him. Everything she knew about the former queen told her that she was a despicable human being and would, very likely, kill Jarl if he did something that displeased her.

Well, that is the one thing I cannot let her do. Not on my watch.

Sigrid let out a sigh. She scanned the rest of the papers. One was a letter from Jarl's father that must have been written just before the man died and another one from one of Jarl's other brothers. She put the papers down on the table.

"When is the wedding?" she said crossing her arms over her chest.

Jarl stopped sobbing and looked up at her.

"What?" he said sitting up. "Is that all you can say? When is the wedding? I'll tell you when the wedding is," he said thrusting his left arm out.

She saw the traditional Nordheimr wedding bracelet around his wrist. It looked heavy and if she was not mistaken it was made of solid gold.

As if there weren't enough reasons someone would want to kill him, now they put a gleaming bounty on his wrist, Sigrid thought shaking her head. That thing must be worth a fortune.

Jarl let out a long sigh and fell back on the sofa again.

"Will the queen dowager be staying here?" Sigrid said fearing the worst.

Protecting one ignorant fool was hard enough without that horrid woman kicking her out for fifteen bells.

"Oh, gods I hope not. That would be completely horrible," Jarl said putting his hands on top of his head. "She said she was going out to find a place. And it's princess Else now, or for you it's 'your grace'. If you call her that other thing, she will likely tear your head off. With her gleaming white teeth."

Well. She can try, Sigrid thought fingering her throwing knives set inside her thick belt.

Jarl stared at her for a blink.

"You don't think she expects me to live with her, do you?"

Isn't that what married people do?

She shrugged. As far as she knew there were no rules that students had to stay on campus. Mirja had said that many of the higher year students lived outside of campus, even if it was most often close by.

"The seventh be damned, what am I to do?"

"You are going to go to class tomorrow. Do not do anything rash," Sigrid said walking over to the window.

She could almost feel Jarl's glare at her back.

Not my problem. As long as you continue your studies.