 There was no news from princess Else during Saviorday. Jarl refused to go out. He spent all his time sulking in bed. Sigrid brought him some food and drink, of which he ate or drank nothing. Mirja came calling on Saviorday evening but Jarl just chased her away. Sigrid shrugged when the Kelivese woman asked what was wrong. She was not going to tell her, the fool had to do it himself. Mirja left and Jarl finally went to sleep. Sigrid paid a quick visit to Irese early Moonday morning and got back to the prince's quarters just before the towers struck five bells. She kicked Jarl out of bed at seven. It was more difficult than usual, no surprise there.

She stood by the door to the lecture halls all day. As she considered it a safe place, she always took the opportunity to put herself into a resting trance. That way she did not have sleep at night. Most assassination attempts happened after dark. Naturally. Only once had she protected a mark that was assaulted in daylight. And that was a crazy person. You could never be certain, there could be a crazy person here in the lecture hall. Come to think of it, there probably was. But none that were likely to kill Jarl. At least not in front of the Master.

During Geomancy she made sure that she had a clear view over the Idiot and his gang. If there was one person that would consider hurting the prince, it was probably him. But the dark-haired man seemed oblivious to Jarl keeping all his focus on Master Cerdic.

"I'm going back to my room," Jarl said as the last class was over.

"No, you're not," she said without looking at him.

"What now," Jarl said despondently.

Sigrid saw the Idiot heading their way and kept a close look on him as he passed three steps behind Jarl. But he was deep in conversation with his friends. One of them took notice of Sigrid though. Sigrid glared at her until the girl lowered her gaze.

"You have an appointment with Mistresses Lorelee and Varja at four bells, remember?"

She could not quite read Jarl's expression. Part of him seemed to want to crawl out of his skin while the other part put a grin on his face.

"Right," he said, and they headed over to the Matrimancy building.

As last time Sigrid was made to stand outside the door. There were ... noises. Sigrid put herself in a trance to block them out. If the two Mistresses killed him ... well, there was nothing she could do about that. It only took four bells this time until the door opened, and Jarl staggered out. Sigrid caught his arm led him down the hall.

"Those women ..." Jarl said shaking his head.

Sigrid looked over at him. He looked more exhausted than last time he had visited but he didn't have the same mania in his eyes and there was still that stupid grin on his face. Probably a good sign.

"I think I need some sleep."

Sigrid agreed and almost had to carry him to his quarters and put him to bed. The following two days passed without incidents. Jarl attended his classes and there was still no word from the princess, which put Jarl in a significantly better mood.

That all changed the third day of Springdawn. What they here down in the south called Seigfridsmonth. Jarl was sitting at his table studying. She had only had to threaten him twice the last four bells, which was not too bad given his tendency to defocus. He was a horrible student.

"Beloved husband!" came the princess' shrill voice as the door was almost run off its hinges.

Sigrid spun around and reached for a dagger but put it back as she saw the princess and her entourage entering the room. Jarl's face fell at the sight of the princess. She had apparently been shopping. She was wearing one of the strange southlander dresses with huge puffs on her arms, long skirt and a corset that pushed her already ample bosom up to unexpected new heights.

"I have found the most marvelous house for us down on the East Side."

Princess Else's smile was as wide as the outstretched wings of a snow falcon. She walked over to Jarl and gave him a sloppy kiss on his passive lips.

"East Side?" he croaked.

"Of Palace Hill you silly thing," the princess said taking her gloves off and throwing them on a chair. "It is the place to be. And it was only two thousand talents. An absolute bargain."

Sigrid had to control herself not to show any emotions. Two thousand talents. She had never in her life heard of that much money. That would be two million gold. The Nordheimr's were paying one talent a year for her services. And she had thought that was steep.

"I've already put the money up for the down payment. We're moving in as soon as you go to the bank and arrange the papers."

Jarl's face fell even further.

"No sour face," princess Else said turning his chair around and straddling him planting another kiss on his lips. "Leave us," the princess said as she put a hand down the front of Jarl's pants.

Her entourage quickly filed out of the room. Sigrid stood still watching as the princess coaxed Jarl's stiff member out. His body was clearly betraying him once again, given the look on his face.

"What are you still doing here?" the princess said with a scowl on her face as she noticed Sigrid.

Sigrid did not move.

"Tell her to leave. And not to come back until morning."

"Do as she says," Jarl said looking at Sigrid.

Sigrid nodded and left. 

Jarl moved out two days later. He still used the room in the dormitory as a study. The princess insisted that Jarl would be perfectly safe when he was with her and that Sigrid could pick him up every morning at their mansion and leave him at the gates in the evening. Jarl confirmed the princess' orders.

Not my problem, Sigrid thought. Contract says that I do as he says. And what could possibly happen when he is inside the mansion?

A lot of things could happen it turned out. The mansion was a huge building next to the river on the East Side of Palace Hill. Sigrid easily broke into it three times without the incompetent guards that the princess had hired even noticing. If anyone decided to send an even passably competent assassin, the prince would be as dead as the Northlands. She found an unused room in one of the towers where she had a good view of the garden. She boarded up the door from the inside, there was an easy path in via two wide ledges up to a narrow window. She scavenged a few blankets and mats from another room, there were so many in there she couldn't see how anyone could possibly notice. She put up another ten watchers in and around the mansion. It took her three nights to complete everything without the guards noticing. During the days she accompanied Jarl to the College.

The princess had forbidden him to walk and had bought him a horrendous horse drawn carriage that resembled a pearly white egg. They stood out like a boil on a young bride's face. Sigrid sighed. At least the ride from the East Side to the College only went through the best quarters of town, no, or at least very small, risk of daylight robbery there. It was a one hour ride every way. Luckily the Masters and Mistresses were not early risers so they did not have to leave the mansion until nine in the mornings and got back just before dark.

The days became weeks and soon two months had passed. Jarl had spent close to ten sessions with the Matrimancy Mistresses and, to Sigrid's complete surprise, passed all of his exams in Elemancy. If she was not mistaken, he was starting to hate studying a little less. It could be that he was allowed to study in his rooms at the university and did not have to go back to the mansion until nine bells.

It was the last week of Midsummer, or as the southlanders called it, Yonaksmonth. Horrible name. If she remembered correctly it was some southlander god or other. Maybe the god of light. She couldn't be bothered to learn all the stupid things that the southlanders came up with. The gods of the True Faith were far away and when she prayed, she could almost feel something else accosting her, trying to curry her favor.

The flowers were all in full bloom and the normal odor of the city, garbage, people and animals was slightly alleviated by the scent of the flowers. It was the first time in months that she could take full breaths without feeling nauseous. Jarl was at a full night session with the Mistresses, it was the second such session and apparently included no less than eight other students as well. As the session wouldn't end until eight bells in the morning Sigrid took the opportunity to go visit Irese. It was ten bells on Triday evening, and the streets were busy. She looked down on the people below as she headed along the high way. Just as she passed into Parchent she recognized someone. Master Cerdic. The heavyset man was heading up the street and kept looking back. Sigrid caught up with him and studied him almost directly from above. He looked calm but determined. What was he doing in Parchent? She didn't think the Master ever left the College, he seemed like as much as an inventory as the old benches in the lecture halls. As he turned the corner and headed up towards where the Sinner's Delight was located Sigrid got that tingle in her earlobes that she always got when something was not right. He stopped shortly in front of the door to Sinner's Delight. He looked around. Sigrid dove down and hugged the roof as his gaze turned upwards. After a few blinks she looked over the edge. He was gone. She lay there breathing for a drop before standing up and heading over to the other side of the park where she had scoped out a place that had a good view to the Parlor. She brought out her small looking glass and put it to one eye. Something in her made her wait until last before she looked at Irese's window. And there he was. She moved a few paces to the right to get a better view. They were standing two paces apart and seemed to be talking. She could only see the side of their faces. It was impossible to read their lips and even though the window was open to let in some air she could not hear a word. She cursed herself for not putting a watcher at Irese's. She had used the last ones in the master bedroom in the mansion. After a while Irese took her clothes off and the Master did the same. Could it just be that he was a client? A coincidence?

Irese got down on her knees in front of the Master and started pleasuring him. Sigrid exhaled. He was only a client. Normally Sigrid liked to watch Irese with her clients. She would sit out on the ledge during the small hours until Irese was done. But she didn't want to watch Master Cerdic. She headed down to a small pub she had frequented a few times before and slowly drank two mugs of the local ale, listening to the gossip. At two bells in the morning she headed back to the Parlor getting up on the ledge outside Irese's window. Irese usually ended at three bells but as she got back Irese wasn't there. Strange. She waited another hour. Just as she was about to leave the door to Irese's room opened and her friend entered.

"Where have you been?" Sigrid asked as she stepped in through the window.

Irese startled and dropped what she was carrying. A book fell to the floor and a few pages fell out.

"Don't do that! You let me know before you come in," she said in an irritated voice and got onto her knees to collect her things.

Funny. Sigrid had not considered Irese to be a reading person.

"Sorry," Sigrid said hurrying over to the help.

"I'm fine. I got it," Irese said pushing her away.

She collected the last of the papers and stood up holding them tight to her chest.

"I'm sorry," Irese said smiling at her. "You just surprised me, that's all. It's been a long night."

Sigrid smiled back. Irese put the book and the papers into the top drawer of one of the chiffoniers that stood against the walls, the one with the small mirror on top. Sigrid looked at her own reflection. She looked so ... stern. She tried smiling. It made her look like an evil imp. She went back to stern before Irese turned around.

"How long has Master Cerdic been a client?"

Irese blinked a few times before answering. She was almost certain that she saw surprise in the blonde woman's face.

"Who?"

And then her face went blank. Sigrid just couldn't figure her out.

"The very large fellow from earlier this evening."

Irese blinked a few times more.

"Ah. You mean Mr. Brecht."

"Brecht?"

"That's what he calls himself," Irese said walking towards the bed shedding her dress on the way.

She was naked underneath and Sigrid drew a sharp breath as Irese turned around and smiled wickedly at her.

"I'm not surprised though. Most people give an alias when they come see me. Not all, but most."

Sigrid nodded. She thought it was strange though. Why would a man like Master Cerdic not go to one of the College run Parlors and come here? But as Irese smiled at her and beckoned with her finger, she acknowledged that any man that had met Irese probably would want to come back. 

"Are you coming?" Irese said and crawled into bed.

Another week passed. The summer break was coming up. Sigrid still couldn't believe that the whole College went off for four weeks of ... doing nothing. She would go completely crazy if she had to do nothing for a whole month. Luckily watching over Jarl did not take a break.

It was getting hotter than Sigrid ever thought was possible, and then Mirja claimed that even further south it was warm enough that the trees couldn't grow. That there were places where everything was sand. It sounded like a horrible place. Mirja had started coming over to study, and sleep with, Jarl during the days. Apparently, he had real talent for Elemancy, so much that even the brilliant Mirja wanted his tutelage.

At least once per study session they took a break and lay with each other. Jarl made her hold Mirja down as he used the dark-haired girl. Sigrid had started holding Mirja harder and every time she did that Mirja looked her in the eyes and nodded for her to go even harder. She did. Sigrid got so excited and frustrated from the sessions that she had to go see Irese almost every night, if only for ten drops.

She even had trouble meditating during the day as she couldn't get the images of Jarl's erect cock out of her mind as some Master or other droned on down at the podium.

"I like it when you hold me," Mirja said one evening after Jarl had left for one of his late sessions with the Mistresses.

The dark-haired girl looked her in the eyes. She was laying on one of the sofas with a book held up over her face.

"I can tell you like it too."

Sigrid looked away. She heard how the other girl put the book down and rose. Sigrid looked her way.

"Why don't you join us. We are basically doing it under your nose. I can tell that you want to," she said sitting down an arms-length from Sigrid.

Sigrid looked at her with hard eyes.

"I cannot."

"Why?" Mirja said and wrinkled here eyebrows.

"It is not allowed."

"To be with men?"

"To be with marks," Sigrid said looking away.

She flinched as Mirja's hand touched hers.

"Okay. I still like it when you hold me. Especially when you hold me really hard and tight so I cannot move at all," she said stroking her fingers over Sigrid's hand.

Sigrid had to concentrate not to move her hand away. She felt Mirja move closer.

"Have you ever been with a woman," came Mirja's voice so close she could feel her breath.

Sigrid sat perfectly still. She had seen Mirja naked a hundred times. She knew the woman's body in such detail she could draw her in her sleep. And more times than she could count the urge to reach out and touch a breast, her stomach, her butt or her cleft had passed through her mind. And every time she had pushed the urge away.

It was complicated enough with Irese. With Mirja it would be impossible. She turned towards Mirja and looked her in the eye.

"I have."

Then she stood up and walked out of the room.

"I know what your problem is," Irese said caressing her cheek as they lay panting next to each other.

It was hot even this late in the evening, sweat trickled down Irese's forehead. Sigrid could not completely come to terms with that the summer nights here were warmer than then hottest high summer day in the north. 

"All the men you've been with. You fall in love with them. And they don't love you back."

It was as if she had stabbed right through her. A long slender dagger that found its way in between the ribs and pierced her heart. Leaving her to quickly bleed out. She rolled over with her back against Irese so as that the other woman wouldn't see her face. It was Sacreday night and the princess had temporarily put Sigrid out of a job. At least until morning. The princess had insisted that Sigrid not be present when she was with Jarl. It was likely a breach of contract, but Sigrid didn't care. It meant that she could spend a few hours more with Irese.

"I'm right ain't I," Irese said crawling up close to her cradling her from behind. "Good. Cause then I also have the solution."

Sigrid almost stopped breathing. She just lay there waiting for Irese's next words.

"What you've got to do is to find a man that you hate. And then you've got to fuck him."

Sigrid spun around and looked Irese straight in the eye. For once she had no trouble reading the other woman. A man I hate? I haven't spent enough time with anyone but Jarl. And I don't hate him. She never hated her marks. Not the ones she protected. Nor the ones she killed. They were just marks.

"No feelings you see. Just fulfillment of desire. It's better if it's a good-looking man. I like 'em big and strong. As you may have noticed."

Sigrid studied the other woman closely. No. No deception there. She was serious.

A man I hate. And then it struck her. She had the perfect mark.