 The skies were dark outside Penelope's bedroom window and casting a cool grey glow onto the hardwood floor. Another negative pregnancy test was lying on the bedside table. It was the fourth in six months. Penelope was sprawled across the bed, feeling hollow. Her empty womb yearned to carry a life and yet her and her husband Chuck's attempts had been met with disappointment. The blanket wrapped around her curled up body. She could hear the rain begin falling against the house and it soothed her sadness. 

This was putting a strain on their marriage. The sex became lack luster in the past six months. It wasn't his small size. They had always found ways to enjoy themselves. It became more work than pleasure and she couldn't remember the last time she had an orgasm. She was down trodden. The shrill ring of the phone broke her self-pity. She sprang out of bed to reach it in time. As she stood, the blanket slipped off her nude body. Thick thighs rose to a perfect round buttock, curving hips, nipped in waist, and small pert breasts with pink hued nipples, full and sensitive to the cold air outside her cocoon of sheets and blankets. 

"Hello?" she answered.

"It's Pauline, how did the test come out? Am I going to be a GODMOTHER?!"

"No" Penelope replied in a quiet voice oozing with shame.

"It's okay, it will happen. Don't worry okay? Have you considered asking for help? I don't mean a doctor, not yet, I meant religious. A blessing, a prayer? My grandmother was a priestess you know."

"Priestess of what?"

"Some pagan religion from the old country. I could bring you her fertility goddess charm."

"Mmmmm, I don't know. Chuck is Catholic." Penelope carried no specific religious beliefs and it always bothered Chuck deep down. 

"He doesn't need to know! I'm bringing it over now okay?"

"I will promise coffee, but nothing more alright? I don't think Chuck would like me introducing anything witchy."

"Too bad, I already have it in my hand and I am hanging up!"

Penelope rolled her eyes. Pauline could be strange, quirky, and just plain weird sometimes. But she was kind and loving, loyal and dependable. Penelope started a pot of coffee in her bright country kitchen. The floor was cool against her feet. She walked back to her cozy bedroom and picked out a pair of comfy grey lounge pants that hugged her ass just right and a black blouse. No bra needed today. It was her day off. She loved that she could go without such things thanks to her small cup size. 

No sooner had she dressed, she heard a knock on the door. Pauline was fast. 

"Come in!" she called

Pauline walked in and helped herself to a cup from the cupboard. She poured herself a steaming hot cup of coffee. 

"Here you go! I don't have much time. I have to pick up Dom from the airport in twenty minutes. Do you mind if I bring this coffee with me?" She dangled the charm from a leather cord on her finger. 

"It looks...Absolutely primitive! What am I supposed to do with that!" Penelope exclaimed. 

The charm was carved from wood. It was of a nude hour glassed woman, legs spread, with huge breasts and hair that flew around her head. She had closed eyes and mouth agape. The craftsman carved her with long nipples and a plump bare vagina, lips open as if to accept her mate. It was beautiful, erotic, and Penelope would never admit it, but it made her own pussy clench for a moment with intrigue. 

"Sleep with it under your pillow and wear it when you two have sex. Gotta go and I'm taking the coffee!" Penelope heard the door slam as she left. 

Penelope sat looking at this charm sipping her coffee. The more she looked the more her pussy yearned to be satisfied. It had been so long!

She dumped what was left of her coffee into the steel sink and brought the charm to her bedroom. She put the leather cord around her neck and stripped out of her clothes. She stood in front of a floor length mirror admiring her own body. It was thick. Curves and a small pudge in her lower abdomen but she found herself sexy. Her perfect ass, and handful of breasts were a beautiful balance. A little jiggle but sensual and shapely.

She sat down at the foot of the bed and spread her legs still in front of the mirror gazing at her womanhood. Her lips were thin and delicate with a neatly trimmed mound of black pubic hair above the slit of her pussy. Right now they were wet from excitement and made it shine. Her long brunette hair rippled over her shoulders and down her breasts.

She leaned slowly, laying down on her back. She flicked each nipple. Both were stiff by now. Her fingers made small circles around her clit. It was already slick from her juices. Her back arched as heat rushed from her clitoris to her womb and up through her body. Her pussy pulsed faster and faster throbbing with pleasure. She slid her middle finger from her other hand into her hot wet pussy. It felt tight and soft around her finger, gripping it as she stroked. She continued finger fucking herself and rubbing her clit, both hands working in harmony. Her breathing hastened and finally the pleasure culminated into orgasm. She threw her head back as her pussy contracted and squirted; juices hit the mirror. When the afterglow passed she stood up admiring the dripping cum on the mirror and the dripping between her thighs. It was intense and amazing. She kissed her charm lingering a moment to trace the inside of her lips with it. "Bless me" she whispered. She didn't know why she chose to say it, but it felt right. 

As Penelope waited for her shower water to heat up she thought what a shame it was to wash off the remainder of her beautiful orgasm. She leaned down and traced her finger up the inside of her thigh catching a long drip of cum. She placed her finger gingerly in her mouth and sucked down the sweetness. She slipped a finger inside her slit and tasted a bit more. Finally her water was warm and she stepped in. The warmth felt wonderful, relaxing her tense muscles. All thoughts of her previous disappointment were gone. She inexplicably knew that this would work. Her womb would feel heavy and full of new life soon. Penelope thanked God that Chuck was out of town for work. She had the house all to herself for two days. Normally she would feel lonely and bored but today she felt renewed and calm, looking forward to exploring herself in new ways. 

After her shower, she dried off and laid back in bed, still nude, appreciating the feeling of the soft blankets on her most sensitive parts and the weight of the charm on her breast. Before she knew it, Penelope drifted to blissful sleep. Her last thoughts were of gratitude for Pauline bringing the charm into her life.

Before Penelope opened her eyes she felt here pussy yearning for more. It wasn't quite night because she could see light through her closed eyelids. She would have been content lying there eyes closed for a bit longer but was startled by a woman's whisper in her ear. "I am with you". Her eyes flew open and she pulled the sheets over her exposed breasts. There was a beautiful woman lying in her bed beside her. The woman stared into Penelope with large ice blue almond eyes. Penelope studied her face; high cheek bones spattered with light brown freckles, porcelain skin that glowed, round pink lips slightly parted and wild waves of long golden hair. She was more beautiful than anything Penelope had ever seen and for unknown reasons, Penelope felt safe and nurtured. The woman rose and stood looking down upon Penelope. The woman was strong, feminine, and completely naked. She had large full breasts with long pale nipples which were dripping with milk. Penelope estimated at least an F cup if that even existed. Her waist was almost impossibly tiny, especially compared to her massive breasts. Her hips were wide, and she had a small pudge like Penelope. Between her hips resided a perfect vagina. Natural tawny hair grew but neatly exposing the tips of her plump rosy lips. Drips of cum dripped down thick thighs. Penelope fought the strong urge to lick the juices sliding between this woman's legs. 

Penelope gathered her courage to stutter. " Who are you? W-w-w-hat do you want?"

The woman spoke in whisper but somehow the sound filled the whole house. As she spoke her eyes glowed white. "I have heard your call and felt your need. I have come to bless you. But in return you must be Mine."

"My call? I-I-I don't understand."

"You want to be with child do you not? I am no mortal, I am a Goddess. The one to whom you prayed. I have heard you and I am here. Do not doubt me. Do not fear me. I am here to bless you and your womb. Come to me."

Penelope lifted herself onto her knees and bowed her head in reverence. "What do you mean?"

The Goddess looked down at her sweetly. "To be mine is to worship me, follow me and my commands and in return I will bless your body and soul. I offer you a lifetime of pleasure. If you accept, you may come and drink from my breast."

Penelope stood and slowly leaned her head to the Goddess' breast. Milk was trickling from her nipples. Penelope licked at the milk tasting the sweetness on her tongue. Penelope opened her own full lips and took the nipple into her mouth. She suckled feeling immediately a gush of milk fill her mouth and swallowed. It wasn't like any milk she had ever tasted. It was like swallowing spring time and life itself. It took a moment for Penelope to get a rhythm. Her tongue slid back and forth on the underside of the Goddess' nipple. She wanted to grab the breast but did not wish to seem impetuous.

"Go ahead if you wish" the Goddess permitted. 

Penelope grabbed the large breast with both hands and kneaded it. Even with both hands, she could not grab the entire breast, it was so large and heavy. Penelope felt the flow increase and fill her. She felt her own body respond. Penelope felt light, new, and incredibly fertile. Her body was craving something. Not sex but semen. She didn't want it she needed it and she couldn't wait two days for Chuck to return. 

"It is ok, I do not wish you to conceive with Chuck, I have other plans for you. Relax and drink."

As Penelope finished she enjoyed the scent of this Goddess. Like fresh turned earth, flowers, and cool salty ocean breezes all in one intoxicating fragrance. 

"Enough, now I will inspect your womb and bless it. Then you will provide yourself as an offering", the Goddess commanded as she removed her breast from Penelope's mouth.

"An offering to who? Why can't I have a child with my husband?"

"To which ever one of the Gods I shall see fit to breed you with. There are many. You will carry the seed of a God. You will birth their progeny, care for it, and then perhaps carry another. I am uncertain how many times you will be able to. But I will bless and prepare you for this sacred duty. I believe you are special and can possibly many demi-gods. I have been searching for you Penelope and I will not let you go now that I have found you. You will be Mine from this day on. You have suckled from my breast, you have called for me. No man or God shall breed you without my consent, you are under my care and command do you understand?"

"Yes, but what about my husband?"

"You may remain married, you may lay with him. But you must never tell him the true parentage of your children or about me. Is this understood? I will ensure his seed never bears fruit in your womb. You may even love him but you will never choose him over me. I am your Goddess. You shall worship me as I see fit. In return I will bless you many times over and you will feel more pleasure than any mortal woman before you."

Penelope believed every word and agreed in a nod. She loved Chuck, but she had found this joy that she could not say no to. 

"Now be still", commanded the Goddess. 

The Goddess placed a hand on each of Penelope's breasts. Penelope felt such pleasure from this simple touch. It's was warm and soft but electric. She felt her breasts tingle and become heavier. Her nipples grew hot and puffy. The Goddess leaned down and kissed the tip of each nipple. Penelope looked down and was shocked to see her breasts had grown at least two cup sizes. Her nipples tingled and then began leaking milk of their own. The Goddess suckled on each one for just a moment. She felt her milk trickle out. Nothing like the breasts of the Goddess. 

"To relieve the pressure. You will need to get a breast pump or ask your husband to suckle them regularly. Your milk will only become greater. After my blessing of your womb I will empty them for you"

The Goddess lifted Penelope onto the bed and laid her on her back. She spread Penelope's legs apart and sat between them looking into her eyes. The Goddess placed her perfect womanhood directly in front of Penelope's slightly spread pussy lips. The Goddess had her legs spread and was resting on her bent knees so that she was free to thrust her hips. She began the rub her velvet soft lips against Penelope's. A touch at first. A tease. Then she thrust her hips in an upward curve against Penelope's mound. The lips of the Goddess ground into Penelope's throbbing clit. The Goddess' eyes were glowing pale blue, her nipples went from dripping to spraying across Penelope's body. Penelope didn't even notice her own nipples spilling their milk. Penelope felt the soft lips and the juices of her Goddess rub against her own wanting pussy and began to cum. The orgasm ripped through her body like an ocean wave crashing on the shore. The Goddess then leaned back towards Penelope's vaginal opening and ground her own large clitoris between Penelope's slit. It was wet and warm. Penelope hadn't noticed how round and large it was before. She could feel the large erect clitoris part her lips. The Goddess thrust with so much power and energy, Penelope almost fell off the bed. Penelope felt the clitoris enlarge even more and then pulse between her pussy lips. She knew the Goddess would cum and she hoped she had pleased her. The Goddess sprayed ejaculate over Penelope's warm pussy. The Goddess dismounted her follower and slid her finger into Penelope's tight opening.

"This will never do. You are far too tight to fit a God. I will prepare you to receive one."

Miraculously, the single finger of the Goddess swelled inside Penelope, stretching her pussy wide and deep. It hurt at first, but it will a blissful pain. The Goddess brought her finger back as far as Penelope's pussy went. She then massaged the cervix until it softened and opened. It was a deeper sensation that she had never felt before. She felt a warmth in her womb from the blessing. The finger was carefully slipped out and Penelope was left with a soreness mixed with ecstasy. 

The Goddess then sucked on each of Penelope's now full breasts. Penelope felt the milk leave each one into the warm mouth of this amazing being. It was a comfort and sexually pleasing. 

"This is nothing compared to the pleasure you will feel later. Do you understand? If it was my intention to simply pleasure you, your walls would be splattered in your sex. But I am saving you for your first breeding...Tonight." 

"But I'm not ovulating!" Penelope did not want to fail. She turned to grab her towel. 

"Yes, you are. Your body does as I please and your womb contains an egg ready for breeding as we speak. Bathe and be ready soon."

"I understand. How much time do I have?"

Penelope turned back but the Goddess was gone.