 Penelope had been bathed and waiting for hours. She wore a negligee that covered her breasts in lace. Her hair was dried and done to perfection. She began to drift into sleep, disappointed that her Goddess had not arrived as promised. Suddenly in her half-conscious stupor, she was awakened by a familiar whisper. 

"I am here"

Penelope opened her eyes and saw her Goddess standing in all her glory and beauty. The Goddess leaned over and cupped Penelope's mound with her hand. Stroking it back and forth. Penelope moaned. 

The Goddess whispered, "I will prepare you and make your womanhood weep before he arrives". 

She continued slowly stroking Penelope's vulva. Penelope's nipples stood erect through the lace. The Goddess leaned down and kissed Penelope's clitoris. What started as a soft brush of lips turned into a deep wet kiss that slipped down between Penelope's lips. Penelope enjoyed the gesture from her Goddess and spread her thighs more to welcome her in. She felt a warm breath against her opening that felt like butterfly wings tickling and teasing her to widen. The Goddess stopped. 

"That is enough. He is here. Take off that ridiculous clothing."

Penelope did as she was told. The Goddess laid her on her back and spread her legs wide. The Goddess pinched Penelope's nipples so that milk droplets formed on the tips. 

Penelope suddenly saw a copper glow fill the room. Between her legs stood a God with olive tanned skin and dark curls tipped in gold framed his scarred face. The scars only added to his beauty. They were clearly earned in battle. His body was chiseled with broad shoulders and eyes glowed in brilliant copper light. His face was bearded and masculine. He smiled at Penelope before turning towards the Goddess. 

"Is she willing and ready to receive me?" His voice was not a whisper but a deep booming thunderous sound. 

"Yes and eager. She is Mine and she will breed you a son worthy of his father".

"Will she only breed with me?"

"No, she is prepared to breed with many. And she will I am sure of it. She will produce many sacred offspring."

The God turned his glowing eyes to Penelope. "And how will you care for my progeny after I am gone?"

"As the greatest gift, my most precious joy, forever and always." Penelope replied honestly.

The God nodded in approval and rose onto the bed. Before now, Penelope had only seen him from the waist up. As he moved it was impossible not to notice his massive cock. It was heavily veined with a large bulbous head. The shaft itself must have been four inches in diameter and 12 inches flaccid. He kneeled between her legs and laid his heavy cock on top of her mound with an audible slap. The force of it alone caused her juices to begin running and her clitoris to swell and throb. The God took her nipple into his mouth and sucked with a force much greater than her Goddess. She felt her milk flow into his mouth and he grunted in approval. As he sucked he slid his cock back and forth against her waiting pussy. She felt his large balls against her. She imagined how much seed they held, incensed with the thought of it filling her thoroughly. 

She felt him stiffen. His 12 inches easily grew to 16. This was it. He let go of her nipple and the Goddess continued to massage her breasts, spraying her milk over them. He grabbed his now erect cock and pushed the head against her opening. It wouldn't fit as first. He slid the head up and down against the opening enticing it to give into his size. He gently pumped his head against the outside stretching it a little more each time. She gave in to orgasm and gushed against it. Finally the head popped in, stretching her wider than she had ever been stretched before. He slowly circled his head in her pussy. She felt light headed and hot as her opening's limits were tested. She felt his enormous glans stretch and massage the inside of her. She gushed again. He felt it too and used the opportunity to thrust powerfully forward into her. His gentle urging was no more. The glans of his huge head plunged into her, not the full length, just to the opening of her cervix. The walls of her vagina throbbed and tightened around his thick cock. It was an immediate and deep orgasm.

He pulled out almost completely leaving her wanting and then swiftly returned to her depths. Every time he sunk his member into her she watched his eyes glow brighter. There was no counting orgasms, this was a constant orgasm where they blended in with one another. She couldn't speak or even moan she could just spread her legs wider hoping it would never end. They continued like this for some time, she locked in a constant orgasmic coma and he forcibly pushing his way into her. He pulled all the way out of her, and looked down at his dripping wet cock. He began thrusting his head only in and out over and over. Her was pussy begging her to force him into her deeply once more but all she could do was lie there and accept what he gave. Each time he came out an audible pop could be heard. He admired her pussy. He had stretched it out and cum was pouring out as if from a faucet. Finally he had enough and in one long deep thrust she felt his cock swell and harden even more. She felt him push past her cervix and release his semen into her. He sat there for a few moments simply filling her with his seed. She felt it warm her inside and tingle as it entered her fertile womb. 

He pulled out his still stiff cock. Penelope kissed its head and licked the cum still dripping from the tip. He gazed down at her, eyes glowing. The Goddess came from behind and gently pushed Penelope's head on the God's cock urging Penelope to thank him in kind for his seed. Penelope took both hands and stroked it eagerly, hoping there was more seed to be had. She suckled on the head, stretching her mouth to the max hoping her teeth would not interfere with her duty. The Goddess looked into his eyes said "I want to see my follower bathed in your seed. It is my payment." He nodded and kissed the hand of the Goddess. They both stared down at Penelope as she worshipped his cock craving more of his semen. She was doing the best she could. The Goddess guided Penelope's hands and pushed her head deeper on top of his cock. Finally she felt him prepare to cum, the Goddess pulled her off and watched as Penelope was sprayed. Her face, breasts, hair were covered in semen. He was not done. The Goddess lifted her up to ensure her slit got a new coating of semen before he was finished. 

The God looked at Penelope. "You have done well little mother. During the next nine months I will return to refill you with my seed that you so crave. I will not be announced. After the birth I will not return again."

And then he was gone. 

The Goddess smiled at Penelope. "He will not be your last and not even the best. Clean up, it is time you worshipped me. You are Mine not his."

Penelope returned from her shower to see her Goddess splayed on the bed. Her breasts appeared harder. Perhaps Penelope could serve her by suckling the milk from them. She dropped her towel, exposing her beaten and bruised pussy. She didn't care because she was proud to service her Goddess. The Goddess rose and walked up to her until they were nose to nose. She forcefully grabbed Penelope's pussy ignoring her followers wince. 

"Remember, you only breed who I permit you to breed. Your pleasure was my doing. I can withhold it if I do not believe you worship ME. I am a jealous Goddess and I must feel your obedience". 

The Goddess pulled Penelope by the hair until Penelope was facing her sumptuous clitoris. The Goddess directed Penelope's head as Penelope licked and sucked. Penelope was entranced by how the clit swelled around her lips. 

"That's enough! I'm tired of you.". The Goddess turned her back and then a second God appeared beside here, one Penelope had never seen. He too was nude. His skin was a deep green and his hair was silver. His eyes were black as night. He was not nearly as muscled as their earlier visitor was but toned and tall. Between his legs hung a cock rivaling that of her last visitor. She prayed her Goddess would not force her to pleasure it. "No you will not breed him. He is Mine. But you will serve us."

The Goddess pulled Penelope's mouth onto her lovers cock, guiding her head up and down his shaft. "Do you enjoy her?" she asked him. He grunted approval. The Goddess laid him down on his back and mounted his face. She moaned in pleasure riding his face for her personal enjoyment. Penelope began burning in shame and jealousy that she hadn't been able to please her Goddess the way this God was. The Goddess could no longer contain herself and squirted ejaculate in her lovers face. He moaned in gratitude. 

"Penelope!" she called. "Come drink from my breast. You have done well."

She laid down on her back and permitted Penelope's mouth to envelope her nipple. She spread her legs to permit her lover to enter and he did. It was not the struggle that Penelope had. He thrust with such vigor, Penelope feared for her Goddess but the Goddess simply moaned and came and pleaded for more. The bedding beneath them was soaked with her juices. The Goddess removed Penelope's mouth and mounted the God. His green cock at least 19 inches in length. The Goddess slid down it, juices dripping all the way and took control. She rode him hard and deep. Finally the God could not withhold his seed any longer and came within her. Their eyes glowing at the same time. The Goddess lifted herself from his cock, his seed dripping out of her. "Penelope, please drink his seed from me."

Penelope felt a rush of new excitement. She brought her mouth to her opening and drank in the seed dripping from her. Penelope had never known a human man to make so much semen. She seemed to be drinking it forever. It tasted musky and it's texture was thick. Soon the Goddess was moaning on the verge of new orgasm. She bucked her hips into Penelope's face, grasping at Penelope's hair. Penelope began suckling at her clit and slipped a finger into the vagina of the Goddess. Penelope was surprised. The vagina was soft and tight but unlike any pussy she had ever felt. The Goddess arched her back and ejaculated in Penelope's eager mouth. Penelope drank her sweet juices with pleasure. Penelope was exhausted when she was done. She laid down on the bed and fell fast asleep. When she awoke she was quite alone. Her body was bruised and her pussy was still wet with semen. She found a note left on the bedside table next to the negative pregnancy test from the day before.

"You are now with child. I will be back soon to check on your progress. If you need me, call for me with the charm."