 Chuck would be home any minute and Penelope rushed to have dinner ready. She spent yesterday replacing their bedding that was ruined during her breeding. She bought bulky sweaters and tight sports bras hoping to obscure her growing chest. Would he notice? If he did, how would she explain it? She also worried he would notice her pussy, still stretched and bruised. His small size was accustomed to her tightness. She had purchased a large dildo to use as an explanation if it came up. The dildo was labeled as "realistic". It's texture was soft, it had a huge mushroom head like the God to whom she was bred and at it's base were huge balls. She hadn't tried it out yet, but considered it.

She jumped when she heard the door open. "Baby you're finally home!" She was terribly nervous.

Chuck looked exhausted but she could see his relief to be home. He was tall with broad shoulders, dark hair and eyes, scruffy 5 o'clock shadow, and a small bump in the middle he credited with her fine cooking. He gave her a bear hug, reaching around to grope her round ass with his large strong hands. Penelope pulled away, "Babe I am a mess! Let's eat and catch up, okay? I made lasagna, your favorite."

Chuck sighed. He had noticed their lack of intimacy but hoped the distance would make her heart grow fonder. They sat and ate in relative silence. Penelope too terrified to slip up and Chuck feeling awkward. "Good job, babe. Dinner was delicious." Chuck rose and cleared the table. "Why don't you go get yourself together? I know you're disappointed that we haven't conceived yet, but try, try again right?" He had missed her and knew how lucky he was to have her. Penelope nodded and slunk out of the room, anxious about the explanations she would have to manufacture. 

She showered and slipped on Chuck's large hoodie that hung to her knees. Chuck was on the bed in his boxers when she entered the bedroom. She laid down beside him, trying to seem as natural as possible. Chuck pulled her close and inhaled her scent. He lifted his wife and positioned her on top of him. Chuck kissed Penelope deeply, trying to stir desire in her. He ran his hands up and down her form as she straddled him. Soon Penelope was aroused and began sliding her slit against her husband's stiff cock. Without thinking, she lifted the hoodie to expose her breasts and pushed her husband's mouth onto her nipple. With a primal hunger she craved her nipples to be sucked and emptied. He began to flick the nipple with his tongue and she groaned. Chuck noticed how much larger they had grown hanging downward in his face, but not wanting to ruin the moment, he simply latched on and began to suck. He was caught by surprise when his mouth was almost immediately filled with milk. He swallowed and moaned as he appreciated the sweet taste. 

The milk became thicker and creamier as it slowed. He savored every mouthful. After some time the breast was empty. His mouth latched to her next nipple, suckling fast and being rewarded with more sweet milk. He massaged her breasts, encouraging the milk to come faster into his waiting mouth. This was the closest he felt to her in some time. Once both breasts were emptied, he slid himself down his wife until he was met with her dripping pussy. He loved how delicate her lips were. He flicked his tongue across her clit and felt her thighs squeeze his head in return. She grabbed his hair and bucked her hips, taking control. She forced his tongue to explore her opening, humping his face forcibly. "Tongue fuck me! Tongue fuck me now!" She felt empowered to take the pleasure Chuck failed to give her before; by force if necessary. He had never seen this side of his wife. She had always been passive. Now she was taking charge, He found it incredibly sexy. He slipped a finger inside of her. Her pussy still felt amazingly warm and wet, but it was not even nearly as tight. He could now fit four fingers within her. She tilted her hips so his tongue was at her clit once more.

As he turned to catch a breath he spotted a large dildo on their bedside table. He reached out and grabbed it, assuming this was the likely culprit for his wife's stretched state. He knew he was small but this seemed extreme. He wanted to please her badly. He continued to tongue her clit in small fast circles and decided he needed to see his wife fuck this monster despite any confidence issues he was having. He pushed the head of it into her opening. He watched her lips spread and stretch around it. Soon her pussy was glistening with cum. She moaned and began humping wildly. He struggled to hold the giant cock still beneath her opening as she bucked into it harder and harder. This was so unlike her. Her breasts began to spray milk above him. Her pussy was pouring cum down the dildo and onto his hands. When he felt her body approach another orgasm and he pulled the dildo out at the peak moment. He was rewarded with his wife's ejaculate, which sprayed on his face and into his mouth. He had never seen his wife enjoy sex with him this much. He knew he would take his wife's lead from that moment on. 

Penelope was exhausted and threw herself on her back. Her pussy was dripping still despite having spent most of it on her husband. Chuck bent down and licked it clean. "What happened to your breasts? Are you certain you aren't pregnant? They're huge and they have milk!" 

"I'm certain. The doctor gave me hormones to get pregnant though. Maybe that's why." Penelope hoped he wouldn't ask any more details. She hadn't thought of any specifics.

"Oh... well I love them. I didn't finish though. Are you done for the night?" Chuck was hopeful his wife would at least let him titty fuck her.

"I'm really tired. I'm sorry." She rolled over with a yawn and closed her eyes.

Chuck took a shower. A few strokes of his cock and he was done. It was short thick cock with a small mushroom head. Lately he hadn't been having much sex unless Penelope was ovulating and he wasn't lasting very long. He returned to bed where he fell fast asleep, oblivious to his wife's infidelity. 

Penelope was comfortably dreaming face down on her pillow when she felt two hands grasp the concave of her waist, pulling her backwards. She felt a hot stiff cock rub against her lips. A copper glow filled the room. She couldn't believe it! Her husband was sleeping beside her! The God who bred her returned as promised.

"He will remain asleep don't worry. Just be quiet, little mother, and receive me. Don't turn around, rise to your knees and accept me." He pushed the wide head of his cock against her opening from behind. Her pussy was still wet from her husband's service. "That is nothing little mother. Just wait. You will open for me." He thrust again and her pussy conceded, swallowing his head within her. Her lips formed a large circle around his cock, stretched, spread, and filled. He thrust in a hard but slow elliptical pattern, hitting spots she never knew existed. The orgasm was intense. Her pussy began to melt more and she fought the urge to scream in pleasure. His heavy balls were wet with her cum and slapping her clit in each thrust. She could feel the ridge of his glans pushing forward deeper and deeper and her juices run down her thighs. Her pussy clung to him, squeezing him, wanting and wishing all of his length would fit inside her. 

The tip of his cock gently grazed her cervix making her body buzz. He was careful not to hit it too hard this time, knowing his son was growing within her. He pulled his cock out of her lips and flipped her over. She took a moment to appreciate his form. His muscled body, strong arms, and beautiful skin. He straddled her upper body and slid the tip of his cock around her full parted lips. It was a moment of tenderness before he shoved it inside her mouth without warning. Plunging it deep in her throat and holding the top of her head firmly, keeping her from reflexively pulling off of him. He enjoyed watching her eyes tear and mouth stretch around him. He could feel her keeping in coughs and trying her best to accommodate him. After a few strokes down her throat he pulled out and returned to her beaten pussy. He entered her in one long thrust and continued pumping her faster and faster. He felt her walls weep around him and tighten in earnest. Finally, he came inside of her. His massive head bulged, his shaft swelled and stiffened, and his balls tightened as rope after rope of thick semen was shot inside of her. She felt her body soften, as if it's thirst was satiated. He pulled out just in time to coat the outside of her pussy with the last of his seed. Her clit throbbed at the heat of his cum. 

"It would give me great joy to know that your husband was responsible for cleaning this up." He smiled, eyes still glowing copper, and was gone. The room was dark once again. 

Penelope waited a moment before she gently shook her husband awake. "Chuck. Could you help me with something baby?"