 My adventure started pretty much like they all do.

I was walking home from the Chinese, sweet and sour pork balls, egg fried rice and prawn crackers in the bag, when I saw something lying in the grass. I stopped and looked. It was a ring lying in the short grass near the pavement, giving off a faint glow. It wasn't that dark, it being an early evening in April, but the ring seemed to be reflecting a light from somewhere. I picked it up, and that's how it all started.

I got home and put my food on a plate, I was looking forward to my little treat of not having to cook that evening. As I ate my meal I held the ring up and inspected it. The glow had gone but it still looked very nice. It was a sort of steel grey colour, very thin and smooth. There seemed to be markings on the inside, but when your eyes are nearly sixty years old, you can't read very small print.

I finished eating, washed up my plate and got the metal polish from under the kitchen sink. I took a piece of rag and applied some of the polish to the ring. I gave it a clean and slipped it on the little finger of my right hand. I inspected it, I quite liked the look of it on me, despite my usual dislike of men wearing jewellery.

I put the polish away and went to watch T.V. with a cup of tea.

Having watched T.V. for a couple of hours I decided to go to bed. I got up, turned the telly off, took my cup to the kitchen, washed it and put it away. Then I went up to my room to get ready for bed.

I went into my bedroom and undressed. My belt seemed a bit loose when I undid it, so did my trousers. I looked down and noticed how much slimmer my belly looked, that diet must be working after all I thought. It was when I took off my shirt that I really started to worry. My saggy tits were gone and all the grey hair on my chest and belly had disappeared!

I pulled my underpants down and looked. My long straggly grey pubic hair had vanished, to be replaced with a nice brown bush. I looked further down to see my fat thighs were no longer fat. No wonder my belt had felt loose. I kicked off my shoes and finished removing my clothes. I opened my wardrobe door and looked in the full length mirror fitted to it.

"Fucking hell!" I shouted.

The man I saw reflected in the mirror was not me. A good looking man of about twenty-five years of age was staring back at me. 

My pulse started to race, adrenaline was coursing through my veins, panic was setting in.

"What was in those pork balls?" I asked aloud, "I am fucking hallucinating!"

I ran to my en-suite and poured a glass of water. I gargled and spat. I drank two full glasses of water. I tried putting my fingers down my throat to make myself bring up the food I had just consumed, but I couldn't do it.

I looked in the mirror in my bathroom cabinet, he was still looking back at me.

"Oh sweet Jesus, what is going on?" I cried, tears forming in my eyes.

I looked again and saw he was crying too. 

"Right Phil," I said to myself, "pull yourself together. You have had a bad pork ball and are seeing things. It is a dream, you got food poisoning and you are in a coma, in hospital. They will make you better and you will wake up and be alright."

I brushed my teeth without looking in the mirror, I did not want to see him anymore. I went to my room, put on my pyjamas and climbed into bed. I slept like a log.

I awoke next morning and held my hand up in front of my face. I did not recognise my hand, it was not the hand of a man my age.

"Oh shit!" I exclaimed, "It is still going on!"

I got out of bed and looked in my mirror, he was still there. I looked a bit more closely at him. He was very good looking, he smiled at me as I smiled at him. 

"Hello," I said to him, "my name's Philip, but you can call me Phil."

I saw his lips move, but only heard my voice.

"You are me, aren't you?" I asked him, "and I am you."

Then I remembered the ring. I removed the ring and began to feel drowsy, I swayed on my feet a little bit so I went and sat on my bed. After a few minutes I felt better so I got up and went to look in my mirror.

I was back.

It was a Friday morning and I felt I should go to work despite my worrying `episode`. I dressed in my usual dark grey suit and black shoes, ate some cereal, drank a mug of tea and set off for work as usual.

Work was a twenty minute walk away and I had time to consider my situation. The ring had transformed me into this young chap when I had put it on my finger and I had returned to normal when I had removed it. I had felt no ill effect at any time, so there was no reason why I should not use it again. 

"I can be young again," I said aloud, "I can have some fun!"

When one is old, one can talk to oneself without anybody taking notice, and if anyone had heard me they probably would have thought I was just an old fart who had just bought himself a motorbike.

I entered work with a smile on my face. Work was as office manager in an accountancy firm. My father and uncle had started the firm and had sold out years ago. I was kept on in a clerical position as part of the deal.

"Good morning Phil," said Debby, our receptionist, sitting behind her desk in the foyer, "you look cheerful."

"Good morning Debby," I replied, "well it is Friday."

I spent the morning doing the usual clerical jobs that needed doing like chasing payment and arranging meetings. I went to the staff room for lunch to eat the sandwiches I had prepared the previous day. Several of my colleagues were sat around chatting.

"Did you know Sarah is forty-two tomorrow, Phil?" asked Dennis Hunt, one of the accountants.

"Oh, is she?" I replied.

"A few of us are going out for drinks this evening to celebrate with her, would you like to join us?"

"Where are you going?" I asked.

"Dave's bar at number eight, do you know it?"

"I think it is a bit young for me in there," I answered, "I think I will give it a miss."

"O.k., but if you change your mind we will be there from about nine onwards."

I ate my lunch and went back to my office. I sat behind my desk and thought about Sarah Lewis. I had often fantasized about what it would be like to kiss her, no that is a total lie, I fantasized about what it would be like to fuck her. I had actually masturbated whilst thinking about her on more than one occasion.

Sarah Lewis was one of the accountants. She had joined the firm about four years before. She was a divorcee who had moved to Barstow to `start again` as she put it. She was a voluptuous woman with long flowing black hair and dark blue eyes. She always dressed well, even on `dress-down for charity` days. I often fantasized about her being a dominatrix in a fetish club, all leather and lipstick.

I managed to get through the afternoon's work quickly with a bit of effort, walked to the foyer and told Debby that I was leaving early. It being Friday and a couple of the partners being away, no-one would notice me gone.

I walked home briskly. I ran up the stairs to my room and went over to my bedside cabinet. It was there. I put it on. I sat on my bed and waited. I began to feel drowsy. I closed my eyes and rubbed my temples with my fingers. Then I shook my head and stood up. I felt fantastic!

I looked in my mirror and there he was.

"Oh you are going to have so much fun!" I said aloud to him, "I have no fucking idea who you are, but I am inside you and that makes for one fucking fantastic situation!"

I left my house and walked to the bus stop. I got on the bus to town to buy him some clothes.

"Right," I whispered to myself as I sat on the bus," he is no longer he, I am me from this moment. I need a name, I need a life story, I need some documents."

I looked out of the bus for inspiration but found it from the young girl sitting in front of me on the bus. She was looking at a teen magazine and I saw my name on the page she was reading.

"Hello," I said aloud, "my name is Sean Paulton."

An old lady turned in her seat and gave me a funny look, young men do not talk to themselves I remembered.

I got off the bus and went shopping for some clothes. An old man like me buying clothes for a young man is not easy, I really have no fashion sense. I stuck to buying basics, a smart shirt and some trousers in a cotton material. I asked for advice about a jacket and was sold one which I was told suited me. I bought some fashionable shoes.

I needed a phone, an old Nokia is not what a young man carries. I bought a Vodaphone because I had seen them on T.V.

I caught the bus and returned home. I went up to my room and unpacked my purchases. I dressed myself in my new outfit and looked in my mirror. I smiled at myself, I looked good.

I undressed and removed my ring. I was not sure whether to leave it on for any length of time in case of any side effects. As before, I felt a little unsteady for a while but that soon passed and I was back to normal.

I prepared my evening meal, ate it and watched a bit of T.V. I had a bath and washed my hair. I shaved. I put my ring on.

At around ten o'clock that night, I strolled into Dave's bar at number eight Victoria road. The bar was basically a large room which had been a carpet showroom and now had a long bar running along the far wall. I guessed there must have been about seventy or eighty people in there.

I cast around for a second or two and saw my colleagues by the bar. The little group of eight consisted of six women and two men, the birthday girl was sat on a bar stool, legs crossed. She was wearing a black knee-length dress which had ridden up, showing some thigh. Her office nickname was Nigella and it was easy to see the similarity between her and the domestic goddess. Sarah was chatting to Debby and Lexi. Lexi was one of the junior accountants, a slim blonde, twenty-one years old, just out of university, nicknamed Miley. I guess it was because of the short hair and the gorgeous features. The others in the group were stood in a huddle chatting away whilst the background music tried to drown them out.

I walked over to the bar and ordered a bottle of beer, young men drank from bottles, not glasses. I tried to eavesdrop on the conversation but the music was too loud.

After a while Debbie and Lexi took Sarah by the hand and led her to the little dance floor that was at one side of the room. The three of them started to dance around. The young men standing around watching looked very interested in the girls but were afraid to approach them. I had no idea how to `meet` Sarah.

Sarah and the girls finished their dance and walked back towards the bar. A young man leaned towards Lexi and said something to her. She spoke to Debby, who in turn spoke to Sarah. I saw Sarah nod and wave and the two girls went back to the dance floor with two young men. Now I had my chance.

"Happy birthday!" I said to her as she got to the bar, "can I buy you a drink?"

"Oh, go on then," she replied, "how do you know it's my birthday?"

"The little badge saying It's my birthday, buy me a drink, is a bit of a giveaway."

"Well spotted young man," she said, "white wine please."

I ordered her a drink and we introduced ourselves and chatted a bit. I told her that I was in Barstow visiting my younger brother who was at Uni, but he seemed to have stood me up.

"Poor thing," she said, "have another beer and I will keep you company."

The butterflies in my stomach were fluttering around like mad, this woman who I had fantasized about for years was flirting with me!

Debbie and Lexi finished their dance. The young men who had danced with them went to rejoin their friends. The two girls came and stood next to us.

"Hello," said Debby, smiling.

"Debby, this is Sean," said Sarah," Sean this is Debby, and this is Lexi."

"Hello Debby, hello Lexi, pleased to meet you," I said, offering my hand first to Debby and then to Lexi.

The girls looked me up and down and smiled. They started chatting to each other and I excused myself and went to the gents. I bought some condoms. They seemed happy enough to let me back into their conversation when I returned. They did the usual office gossip, which to an outsider would be boring, but to me was quite interesting. Apparently my office nickname was Churchill. It could be because I looked a bit like the famous leader or maybe the dog in the insurance ads, they could not decide which.

"Well," said Sarah, at around eleven o'clock, "thanks for the drinks, but I think I will go now, you young people enjoy the rest of the night."

Sarah slipped off the stool and kissed each girl on the cheek. Lexi called to the rest of the group to say goodnight to the birthday girl which they all did. 

"Can I see you home?" I asked.

"There is no need," she replied, "you stay and enjoy the music, have another beer."

"I would really like to," I told her trying to sound a little eager. In fact I was desperate to see her home.

"Oh go on then, after all it is my birthday," she laughed.

We left the bar and walked the few yards to the taxi rank. Sarah leaned over and spoke to the driver. I opened the door for her and she got into the taxi. I walked around to the other side and got in beside her.

"Do you often pick up women old enough to be your mother?" she asked me.

"You're not that old," I replied, "at least you don't look old at all."

"I shall be forty-two in less than an hour."

"Well to have had me you must have been a gym-slip mum."

I winced as soon as I said it, did anyone use that phrase any more? I bloody hoped so! Luckily, Sarah just laughed.

Sarah lived in a five storey purpose built block of flats. I opened the hallway door and she walked in past me, I leaned towards her, trying to smell her hair. We got into the lift and went up to the third floor, walked out of the lift and along the corridor to her front door. She let us in.

Her flat was a spacious, well-furnished and warm place. I don't know much about interior design, but I felt that whoever had decorated her flat had taste. Sarah removed her coat and hung it on a hook in the corridor.

"Would you like a drink?" she asked me as she walked into the living room.

"Can I kiss you?" I replied.

"If you want to."

I put my arms around her and pulled her close to me. I put my mouth to hers and kissed her forcefully. My stomach was in knots, my balls were tingling. She kissed me back, I was in heaven!

She put her hands inside my jacket and rubbed my sides as I rubbed my hands up and down her back. Our tongues played over each other, our lips pressed hard together. My hands moved down to her bum. I gently squeezed her ass cheeks through the material of her dress, she made a muffled moaning sound. I went for broke.

"I want to fuck you," I told her, "from the moment I first saw you, I wanted to fuck you." This was true, I had wanted to fuck her from the day she had started work at the firm.

"You are a baddy boy," she said in a husky voice, "and I am a goody girl." I nearly fainted, my head was spinning, I was tempted to force myself on her.

"Be a baddy girl for me, just this once," I pleaded.

Sarah did not reply, she merely took my hand and led me to her bedroom.

"Get into bed, I won't be a minute," she told me as she left the bedroom.

I undressed and slipped under the duvet. I put a condom under my pillow. I could hear a tap running, I guessed she was washing herself for me. My cock was as stiff as a post.

Sarah came back to the bedroom wearing a cotton bathrobe, her black hair flowing down over her shoulders. She had not removed her bright red lipstick which contrasted so well with her pale skin.

She went round to the other side of the bed, and opened her robe. I gasped as I took in the sight of her fulsome breasts with their rosy red nipples. I looked down to see the thick black bush just below her ever so slightly tubby belly. I looked into her eyes.

"You are beautiful," I told her.

She slipped in under the duvet next to me. I rolled onto my side and faced her, our lips met and we kissed gently. I put my mouth to her left nipple and gently suckled, she let out a small moan of pleasure. I transferred my attention to her right nipple for a moment and then I kissed her neck. I kissed her body as I slid down under the duvet. I kissed her tummy, I kissed her hands, I kissed the tops of her thighs.

I kissed her bush, I rubbed my nose in the coarse black curly hair. I poked my tongue out and licked at her slit. I put my fingers to her labia and prised them apart. I pushed my tongue inside her a little way and licked her warm fleshy cunt. I moved my tongue upwards and found her clitoris. I flicked at her clit with the tip of my tongue, she let out a louder moan.

I had not licked pussy for over twenty years and I had missed doing it so much! I wanted to lick this woman's pussy for ever!

Sarah began to writhe and shake, she grabbed my hair and clenched her fists in it. She let out a long low groan and pushed me away as she came. I looked up to see her face, her eyes closed, her mouth turned down at the edges, her brow furrowed.

"Oh fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Yes!" she cried as she had her orgasm.

I lay still and watched her come down from the heights of her ecstasy. Once she had calmed down she looked at me and smiled.

"Thank you," she whispered.

"You are so welcome," I replied.

She reached down and took my stiff cock in her hand. I took the condom from under the pillow and tore open it's wrapper. I rolled onto my back and pulled it over my cock, rolling it down the shaft.

I pushed Sarah onto her back and she opened her legs for me. I climbed on top of her and, taking my cock in my right hand, positioned it at her opening. Then I pushed it in her.

"Mmmm," she murmured as I pushed my cock all the way in.

"My God you are beautiful," I told her as I started to fuck her.

I thrust in and out, her cunt walls were squeezing my cock shaft, milking me. I knew it was going to be quick, and it was.

"Oh Sarah!" I exclaimed as I shot off in the condom. I could feel it squirting out of me and filling the little teat at the end of the contraceptive.

I slipped out of her and lay next to her, my now flaccid cock lying on my thigh.

"Can I stay?" I asked her.

"If you want," she replied.

I took her in my arms and cuddled her. She put her arms around me and held me. I lay there thinking about the situation. She thought she was laying with a man seventeen years or so younger than her, but in fact I was seventeen years older than her. I smiled as I realised that I had passed my driving test a few weeks before she was born.