 I awoke at about seven in the morning. After thirty or so years of waking up at seven you don't need an alarm clock. It was quite light, the morning sunshine was showing through the curtains. I looked at the woman lying beside me and smiled.

The condom was hanging off my limp penis, it was making my thigh feel damp and cold so I slid out of bed and went to find the bathroom. I went into the bathroom and took it off. I had a wee and flushed the condom down the toilet, then I washed my cock.

I went back to the bedroom and took another condom from my trouser pocket and slipped it under my pillow. I slipped back into bed and wrapped my arm around Sarah's body.

I rubbed her left breast and pulled her towards me. She let out a little moan and rolled onto her back. I leaned over her, put my mouth to her teat and began to suckle. God I loved sucking on this woman's tit!

I ran my left hand down her body and rubbed that lovely thick black bush. I ran my index finger up and down her slit, prising her lips apart. Sarah stretched her arms and yawned.

"I need to go to the bathroom," she told me, and she got up out of the bed.

I lay on my back, my penis beginning to stiffen as I thought of what we were about to do.

Sarah returned, she had not put her robe on, she was happy to be naked in front of me and I was more than happy to see her naked in front of me. She smiled at me and got back into bed.

"Where were we?" she asked.

I did not reply, I merely put my mouth back on her teat and my finger back on her pussy.

Sarah put her arm around me and gently squeezed me as I stimulated her sex. I found her clitoris and rubbed it gently in a circular motion. Her breathing got heavier as she became more and more aroused.

"Stick your cock in me," she told me.

I rolled away from her, retrieved the condom, tore the packet open and put it on. I rolled onto my side and pushed her onto her side, facing away from me. I pushed my hand between her legs from behind and lifted her left leg. She arched her back, presenting herself to me, pushing her rear towards me.

I offered my erect cock to her wet cunt and pushed. My cock slid inside her in one motion.

"Oh Sean!" she cried as she felt my meat fill her cunt.

"Oh Sarah baby!" I responded. 

I stuffed my meat in and out of her cunt with short, quick thrusts, trying to bring her off. I reached around and tried to rub her clit as I fucked her. I knew I could not last for long, fucking this object of desire was too much for me to try any sort of self control and I thrust as fast as I could.

"Oh! Oh fuck!" I shouted out as I felt my seed leave my body and fill the condom.

As soon as I had finished ejaculating I pulled out and rolled her onto her back. I started to rub her clit quite vigorously.

"Oh yes! Mmm! Oooh!" she moaned as I brought her off.

Like the time before, her body shook and she writhed around as she was racked by the contractions inside her abdomen.

"Oh fucking yes!!" she cried as she came.

I let her lie and recover and then I kissed her some more. She returned my kisses, a smile on her face.

We kissed for a while and then she offered me breakfast. We got up and took turns to use the shower. We ate some cereal together and drank coffee. She asked me about my brother and I made up a little life history to satisfy her curiosity.

"I suppose I had better go and see what happened to him," I told her as I finished my coffee, "can I see you again?"

"Do you really think that is wise?" she answered,"It was a nice evening, but I am so much older than you."

"I don't care, I really want to see you again."

"Have my number, if you still feel the same in a few days, phone me, or text me."

Sarah gave me her number which I entered into my phone.

"Now go and find your brother," she told me as she showed me the door.

The walk from her block of flats to my house took about fifteen minutes. I strolled along with a huge grin on my face, life was good!

As I approached my house I noticed someone standing at the front door, then I remembered that I was supposed to be showing a prospective lodger around the house.

My uncle, who actually owned the house had told me to get some lodgers in, he did not see the point of a seven bedroomed house being occupied by just one nephew!

As I walked up the drive the sound of my shoes on the gravel caused them to turn and look. I was stunned!

She was probably twenty one or maybe twenty two. She had long brown hair tied back in a pony tail, a stunning body with a slim waist and hips. And that face! such a beautiful face! I could sum her up in two words, bloody gorgeous!

"Hello," she said to me, "are you mister Watson?"

I was about to say yes when I realised that I wasn't, at the moment, Phil Watson. I was Sean Paulton.

"No," I replied, " I'm Sean, how do you do." I held out my hand.

"Anka" she replied, taking my hand and shaking it gently. "Anka Broz."

"Have you rung the bell?" I asked.

"Yes, but there is no reply."

I put my key in the door and opened it.

"Come and sit inside, I will try and find him," I told her.

I showed Anka into the living room and told her I would go and get mister Watson. She sat on the sofa and I ran up to my room. 

I stripped off and removed the ring. I sat on the bed and let the change happen. After I had recovered my wits I dressed and went back downstairs.

"Hello," I said to her as if I had never seen her before, "have you come about the room?"

"Yes," she replied.

"Come with me and I will show it to you," I told her.

As we walked upstairs I asked her where she was from. She told me she was from Warsaw and had come to Britain to find work and get away from her 'idiot boyfriend'.

The house was a four storey Victorian semi-detached. It had been in my family for four generations, passed down from father to son. My grandfather had left it jointly to his two sons, one of whom, my father, had passed away, so my uncle was the owner. Eventually his grandson would inherit, as I had no children. I guess I was just the custodian of the house.

I took Anka to the top floor where the rooms for rent were. Her room was a reasonable size with an en-suite shower and toilet. She got to use the kitchen downstairs and the living room.

"No cooking in your room," I told her.

"It seems very nice," she told me, "and the rent is not too high, I would like to take it."

"Very well, when would you like to move in?"

"Today?"

"O.k., today would be fine. Do you need any help?"

"I do not have much, but maybe Sean would help me with my things? Which is his room?"

"He has a room on the second floor," I lied, "I shall go and see if he will help you move in. I must go out for an hour or two, so I shall leave you in his capable hands. I trust him completely, I am sure I will grow to trust you too."

"That is very nice of you to say, mister Watson," she said to me.

I ran down to my room which was on the third floor, went in, stripped, put my ring on and sat. I dressed as Sean and went back up to Anka.

"Phil's told me you would like me to help you move in."

"Yes please, my things are at the guest house I am in while I look for here," she said, getting her words just a little mixed up.

I smiled at her command of English and her accent, that accent was a real fucking turn on!

I took a risk and used my car, telling Anka that Phil allowed me to use it to run errands for him now and then. She was grateful to him and to me, she said. As long as I was not stopped by the police I would be fine I thought, but as Sean Paulton I had no documents at all.

Moving her in took just one trip in my VW estate, other than her clothes and shoes she only had a lamp, some books, a CD player, some CDs,the usual. Once we had put her belongings in her room I left her to settle in. She offered to make coffee in the kitchen but I declined, saying I had to go out. I went back to my room and changed back.

Ask any tradesman and he will tell you that the basis of a good job is good preparation, and I needed to do some good preparation if I wanted to have Anka.

Firstly, Sean needed a room. I decided to let him have granny's old room. 

The back bedroom on the second floor had been my paternal grandmother's room, it had not been touched for about fifty years or more. I only ever went in to open the windows and air it now and again. I went in and began to strip it out. I piled the furniture against one wall and began to strip the wallpaper.

Long story short, I gutted the room over the course of Saturday and Sunday. I managed to store the furniture in another empty bedroom and took the carpet to the tip.

It was Sunday lunchtime before I saw Anka again and she asked me where Sean was.

"He has gone away for a few days to visit a sick relative," I told her. Let her see his caring side, I thought.

Anka told me that she had found work as a waitress in a cafe on Victoria road and that she would be out from about seven in the morning until seven in the evening most days. I told her that it was good to have a strong work ethic and she should be proud of herself. I sounded a right cunt!

What I really wanted to say was that I had more money than I knew what to do with and if she would let me, I would be her sugar daddy and she would never have to lift a finger ever again. I pictured her poolside at my uncle's villa in Spain, wearing a floral pattern bikini, me rubbing sun cream on her lovely flat tummy.

The bit about the money was true. Having an ex who was a dentist who had run off with a dentist meant no alimony to pay. She had even bought my half of the marital home from me. No kids meant no tuition fees or cars or flats or anything to buy for them. Having shares in a very successful accountancy firm meant a very good income.

The following week passed very quickly. I was busy at work and I project managed the refurbishment of granny's room and en-suite bathroom. Tradesmen were cajoled into turning up at short notice to paper, paint, tile, plumb, etc, etc. Every evening I would return home to find my little scheme advancing at a pace.

I saw very little of Anka that week, we spoke in passing at breakfast but that was about it. Every time I saw her my stomach knotted and my balls tingled. Yes, one night I masturbated whilst envisaging her in the bikini with me rubbing the sun cream on her.

I visited my local florist on Tuesday and had a dozen red roses sent to Sarah's flat with a note saying that I could not stop thinking about her. But to be honest, Anka had pretty much taken over my thoughts.

Friday afternoon arrived and at five o'clock I left my office to walk home. As I reached the foyer Debby asked me if I wanted to join a few of my colleagues for a drink in the pub around the corner. It was almost a Friday ritual by now, she asked me if I wanted to go, I said no thanks, I was feeling a bit tired.

"A few of us are going to the Pelican after work, do you want to come along Phil?" Debby asked me.

"Yes, I would like to, thanks for the invite," I replied. 

She did look surprised! I smiled inwardly.

Six of us went to the pub that evening, me, Debby, Lexi, Sarah, Dennis and Jeff.

The Pelican was a quiet little pub in a side street just off Victoria road, most of the customers were old locals and the after work brigade. We found a table with six chairs around it and all except Jeff sat while he went to the bar. As always the chat was about work and the clients.

"Did you have a nice birthday?" I asked Sarah.

"Yes thank you Phil," she replied.

"Better than nice, I hear, " said Dennis.

"Behave, Dennis!" put in Lexi, laughing.

Sarah smiled but said nothing.

It was seeing her smile to herself that aroused me, she was obviously thinking about the night we spent together. I looked at her and realised I wanted to have her again.

"Thanks for inviting me," I said after a half hour or so of listening to them chat, "I'm off. See you all on Monday."

They all wished me goodnight and I left them to it.

I walked briskly home, I knew Anka would not be back until later on, so I had time to change, literally. My balls started to tingle at the prospect of having Sarah again.

I made myself a meal, ate it and went for a bath. I prepared myself for the night as Phil and then I put my ring on. As I dressed as Sean, I realised that I only had one set of clothes. I hoped she would not notice me wearing the same shirt as last week. I looked into Sean's room - my room - to see it was nearly finished and then left the house.

I arrived at Sarah's door at about nine, hoping that she would be spending the evening at home. I rang the bell. After a wait that seemed like ages she opened the door. She looked a little surprised to see me.

"Hello," she said.

"Hello Sarah," I replied. I could not think of anything to say.

"Thank you for the flowers, they were very nice. You never texted or called me."

"I'm sorry, I should have. If you are busy I will understand. I'll go."

"You can come in if you like," she said to me, opening the door wider.

I walked past her into her flat, she closed the door behind me. I turned and took her in my arms, she was either going to push me away or allow me to kiss her. She let me kiss her.

After a few moments of passionate kissing I pulled away.

"I have missed you so much," I told her.

"And I have missed you," she whispered in reply.

I wrapped my arms around her and hugged her, I kissed her neck, I kissed her cheek, I nibbled her ear. She hugged me and rubbed her hands over my back.

"Bed?" I asked.

"Yes," she replied.

We undressed in front of each other and climbed into her big soft double bed. I began by kissing her shoulders and worked my way down her arms across to her tummy and back up to her beautiful breasts. I suckled first on her left teat and then her right. She ruffled my hair and rubbed my back.

I stopped suckling and kissed my way down to her pussy. I put my tongue to her slit and began to lick her out. She spread her legs wide to allow me to get my face right up to her beautiful wet cunt.

"Oh Sean," she said, "make me come."

I licked her clitoris, her pussy juice wetting my chin. She moaned with pleasure.

"Oh yes! Oh yes! OH YES!" she cried as she climaxed, her fingers digging into my scalp.

She pushed me off and revelled in her contractions, her body twitching, her head rolling from side to side.

"God that was nice," she told me, smiling at me.

"I am going to fuck you now," I told her as I tore open the condom packet with my teeth.

I knelt up in the bed and put it on, then I settled myself between her spread legs and slid my stiff cock inside her.

"Mmmm," she murmured as I filled her.

I fucked her with long slow thrusts, pushing my cock into her to the hilt and then pulling out until only the very tip was spreading her cunt lips. I made myself take it slow, enjoying every moment of it.

"Faster," she urged me and I picked up the pace.

"You want it hard?" I asked.

"Yes," she replied,"fuck me hard, fuck me deep."

I strated to thrust hard and fast, my balls slapping her ass as I tried to force as much of me inside her as I possibly could.

"Oh God! Oh Yes! Oh Fuck!" she cried as she climaxed.

I ejaculated copiously into the condom, enjoying the sensation of my throbbing cock being squeezed by the contractions of her vaginal walls.

As soon as I had finished coming I climbed off of her and got out of bed. I went to the shower room, removed the condom and washed my cock.

I returned to the bedroom and climbed back into bed.

"Lie on your side," she told me, "so I can cuddle you."

I did as I was told and she put her arm around me and held me tight. She kissed me on my back.

"Night-night darling," she whispered.

"Night baby," I replied.

I was awoken by the sensation of a tongue licking my cock. Sarah had rubbed me a little to get me erect, then she had pulled back my foreskin, exposing my cock head and was licking all around the ridge.

"Oh, that feels nice!" I said aloud.

"Does it?" she asked me.

"You are very good at that, do you practice much?"

"Not so far, but I intend to in the future," she laughed.

She put her mouth around my stiff cock and went down on me. I could feel the tip touching the back of her throat. She pulled back up and saliva poured from her mouth, covering my cock shaft. Then she began to rub my cock.

"Oh bloody hell! Oh fuck! Oh my God! Do not stop! Please do not stop!" I cried as I felt my seed rising in me. A jet of thick creamy spunk flew from the end of my cock and landed on my cheek. The second squirt landed on my chest, and the third and the fourth. Finally just a dribble ran out onto my pubic bush.

"Oooooh!" laughed sarah, "good shot!"

I lay for a minute, letting myself settle after having had such an intense orgasm, then I got up and went for a shower.

I returned to the bedroom, lifted the duvet and crawled in from the foot of the bed. Sarah knew where I was heading and she opened her legs for me. I put my face to her vagina and began to lick her out. God I loved licking this woman! I really could not decide which I enjoyed more, fucking her or licking her out.

"Oh yes darling, just there! Oh yes! Mmmmm! Ooooh!" she cried as she started on the path to satisfaction.

My tongue played on her clit, ran up and down her labia, wriggled in between and all around.

"Lick my clit! Lick my clit!" she cried.

I concentrated on her love-bud and soon she was writhing and moaning.

"Good boy! Good boy!" she exclaimed as she climaxed, pushing me away as usual.

I watched her as she came down from the heights of ecstasy, a smile on my face. She opened her eyes to see me watching her.

"What?" she asked, frowning.

"I love watching you when you come," I told her, smiling.

"Stop it," she replied, looking a little bit embarrassed.

She got out of bed and went for a shower and I got dressed. I went to the kitchen and prepared breakfast. When Sarah appeared in the kitchen, coffee and cereal were waiting for her.

"You are very domesticated," she said, "who trained you?"

I did not tell her that twenty years of living on my own had trained me. We ate our breakfast in silence.

"Can I stay with you today?" I asked.

"I have work to do this morning, a colleague is coming over to help me. Why don't we meet for lunch and then after, well, we shall see."

"O.k., what time and where?"

"Coastal Coffee on Victoria road, say one o'clock?"

"It's a date."

I left her flat a few minutes later and went home.