 As I left Sarah's building I noticed a young woman walking towards me. I recognised her as Tibah Alfarsi, the young intern at the firm. Tibah was eighteen years old, in her first year at university. She worked at the firm in her spare time to gain work experience as an accountant. It was understood that she would join us on a full-time basis once she had graduated. 

Tibah's family had come to Britain from Iraq about ten years previously, her parents ran a convenience store on the other side of town. Tibah's nickname at work was princess Jasmine due to her likeness to the Disney character. Her olive skin, almond eyes and long jet black hair combined to make her look very fetching. I guess one could say her nose was a little big, but I found the imperfection on an otherwise flawless face quite sweet.

Tibah was obviously on her way to see Sarah to help her with her work. I smiled at her as she approached me, she looked down shyly, avoiding eye contact. We passed one another without a word and she entered the building.

I went home to change back into Phil and spent the rest of the morning driving around visiting my tradesmen and settling with them. I went to a showroom and ordered my carpet and curtains. Sean's room would be finished by Tuesday afternoon.

I went back to my house, went to my room and put my ring back on.

At around twelve forty-five I took my seat in Coastal Coffee on Victoria road and ordered a Latte. It was quite busy, being a Saturday lunchtime and I cast my eye around to see if I recognised anyone. Sat at the table across from me were three women. They looked to me like three generations of the same family. The oldest was in her mid sixties I reckoned, her daughter was about forty or so and her daughter was about twenty. They all looked at me and the oldest one smiled.

The youngest one got up from the table and went off somewhere, the other two whispered to each other whilst glancing at me from time to time. They went quiet when the young one returned and turned their attention back to her.

My pulse started to race when I saw her enter the cafe. She was wearing tight blue jeans which showed off her hips wonderfully, a silk shirt and a short tailored jacket. Her hair fell in waves down around her shoulders and her lips were full and red, very red.

I stood and waved, she saw me and waved back, then she made her way to our table. I pulled her chair out for her and she stood in front of it. I went to kiss her, would she offer me her cheek or her lips? She offered me her lips. We kissed. A little peck, that's all. I pushed her chair back in as she sat.

"Have you been waiting long?" she asked.

"It only seemed like it," I replied.

She laughed. The old girl over on the next table looked at Sarah and gave her the thumbs up.

"Did she just do what I thought she did?" I asked.

Sarah just laughed.

We ate a light lunch and Sarah told me about her busy workload and having a young assistant helping her for the morning.

"So I have finished for the day," she told me, "now I am all yours."

"I want to go back to bed with you," I told her.

Sarah called a waiter over and settled the bill. She stood up and put out her hand, I took it and she turned to lead me out of the cafe.

"Lucky bitch," I heard the old girl say as we passed her table.

We spent the afternoon in bed together. I did not put my cock in her this time. We kissed and licked and fondled and rubbed each other gently. I managed to lick her to orgasm twice, each time enjoying watching her moaning and shuddering as she climaxed.

She lay on the bed and told me to straddle her. She took my length in her hand and wanked me off all over her tits. I loved it!

"How long are you in town for?" she asked.

"I have to go back tomorrow morning," I replied, "can I stay here tonight?"

"Of course darling."

"Thank you."

We kissed some more, then got up, showered and dressed. Sarah took me to a bar in town and bought me some beer. Women looked at her with either envy or admiration. The young men were glad not to have me as competition, the older men were jealous of me.

I was in the gents having a wee when he spoke to me. He was a young man, possibly twenty, maybe twenty-one. Slim build, short curly hair, smartly dressed.

"Hey Marcus, who that old girl you with?" he said.

I had no idea it was me he was talking to. I was looking at what I was doing when I felt a tap on my shoulder.

"Marcus man, you gone deaf or something?" he said.

"Oh I'm sorry, I didn't realise you were talking to me." I told him, zipping up and going to the basin to wash my hands.

"Well I don't know any other Marcus in this bogs," he said.

I had no idea what to do. Who was he? Who was Marcus? Did I look like this Marcus? Was I this Marcus? I had to wing it.

"I am keeping a low profile," I told him, "she is a married woman, try and be discreet will you, just for me, please?"

He laughed and as he walked out of the toilet he said, "Her old man ain't nuttin to worry about compared to what's gonna happen if Jo-Jo find out, Marcus!"

I felt a wave of panic wash over me. I went back to where Sarah was standing.

"My brother has just texted," I told her, "he has been mugged, I need to go and see him."

"Oh the poor thing!" said Sarah, "shall I come with you?"

"No, it's alright. I shall see you home and then go to him."

"We haven't eaten, will you be o.k.?"

"I shall get something later, are you o.k.?"

"Don't mind me, I can look after myself."

I saw Sarah safely home and then I ran back to my house.

I went up to my room and sat on the bed. I thought long and hard about the situation. I formed several theories. Firstly, the young man might have been mistaken and I only looked a little like this Marcus fellow. Secondly, I might have a twin. The theory that really scared me was that I might be occupying a dead man's body, and if I was why was he dead?

I went downstairs and poured myself a stiff drink. I don't normally drink spirits, but I really needed a gin and tonic that night. I decided that perhaps Sean, or Marcus, would be better staying indoors. Denying myself the delights of Sarah's body would be hard, but until I sorted something out, he had better lay low.

I began to feel tired, the effect of drinking on an empty stomach. I went up to my room and lay down on my bed.

"We are here Major Potts, wake up sir," were the next words I heard.

I opened my eyes to see a young man in military uniform looking at me through an open car door. I looked down to see a peaked cap in my lap. I climbed out of the car I was in and stood. The young man closed the car door behind me.

"Shall I wait or collect you in the morning as usual sir?" he asked me.

"Er, the morning please," I responded.

"Very well sir, have a pleasant evening sir."

I watched as the army staff car pulled away and drove down the gravel driveway and through the gates.

"Good evening Major Potts," said a voice from behind me, "come on in."

I turned and stared, it was Sarah standing in the open doorway of an impressive three storey house. She was wearing a knee length sleeveless cotton dress in bright red and red high heels.

I walked towards her and she retreated into the house. I followed her in and looked around. The hallway was expansive with an impressive curved staircase.

"How are things in south-east Asia?" she asked me.

"Er, fine," I replied.

"Well that's not what the T.V. reports tell us. It seems our boys are suffering out there."

"Jesus Christ!" I thought to myself, " where the fuck am I and when the fuck is it?!"

"I really should not speak about the situation," I told her.

"Forgive me Major, you are not here to discuss matters military. I have someone I think you would like to meet, her name is Candy."

Sarah, or whoever she was, led me through a door into a large room. The room was very nicely decorated and had several sofas and chairs. Sitting on the sofas were men and women, the men were much older than the women. The men wore suits or just shirts and trousers, the women wore very little.

"Candy, come and meet Major Potts," said `Sarah`, waving a girl over.

"Oh for fuck's sake!" I thought to myself, "this cannot be happening!"

The girl was Debby, the receptionist and my assistant from LKJ accountancy, my firm.

Debby Jones aged twenty. Short black hair, green eyes, slim body, decent pair of tits. office nickname Selena, after an American pop singer I had never heard of. I saw her every morning when I arrived at work, we were on friendly terms and I never really thought about her in a sexual way, except perhaps about her tits.

"Candy," said `Sarah`, "take Major Potts to the blue room."

"Yes Brenda," Candy replied.

So her name was Brenda, and I was a major in the army, the U.S. army, I supposed. Judging by the few clothes the women were wearing we were in the sixties.

Candy took my hand and led me across the room. A couple of the men smiled and nodded to me as we passed them. I looked down at Candy's behind as she led me along, her tight skirt accentuating the roll of her ass as she walked along was arousing.

She led me upstairs and along the corridor. She stopped, opened a door and led me into a room with a large bed in the middle. She turned to me and began to unbutton my tunic. I stood and let her strip me.

Candy removed my tunic and then my vest. She rubbed her hands over my hairy chest. Suddenly I realised I had no idea what I looked like! I cast around, looking for a mirror. I saw my reflection in a mirror hanging from the wall on my left. I was about forty-five, full head of light brown hair, broad shoulders, reasonable facial features.

Candy knelt in front of me and unzipped my trousers. She pulled them down a little way and then pulled my underpants down. My flaccid penis dangled in front of her face. She poked out her tongue and began to lick my penis, it began to stiffen. She opened her mouth and took my now stiff cock in it. She began to gently suck me off.

"Oh baby, that feels good," I told her.

Candy stopped fellating me and stood up.

"Do you want to watch me strip?" she asked.

I just nodded enthusiastically.

Candy led me over to the bed and sat me down on it. She knelt down and untied my shoe laces and pulled my shoes off. She pulled my socks off and then pulled my trousers and underpants all the way down and off my legs. I was totally naked apart from my dog tags.

Candy stood about eight feet away from me and began her performance. She put her hands to the sides of her head and ruffled her short black hair. She rolled her hips from side to side as she moved her hands down her body. She unbuttoned her blouse slowly. She opened her blouse to show me her bra and then closed it again. She turned her back to me and wiggled her ass at me.

My cock was as stiff as a pole by now but I did not touch it for fear of coming.

Candy slipped her blouse off of her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. She walked over to me and turned her back to me. I unclipped her bra and she let it fall forward and off her body. She wiggled her ass at me and I unzipped her skirt.

She walked away from me, turned and took hold of the waistband of her skirt. She pulled it down over her hips slowly, wiggling her hips as she went. I gasped as I realised that she had no panties on. As her skirt came down her beautiful thick jet black bush was revealed. 

"Nice?" she asked.

"Lovely," I replied.

Candy stepped out of her skirt and kicked her high heels off, aiming them at me. I managed to catch one and held it to my face. I inhaled, trying to catch the smell of her foot. Candy had no stockings on, she was totally naked now too. She crossed the room and opened a drawer in a chest by the wall. She took out a tube of K Y and squeezed some onto her fingers. She stood, legs apart and smeared it over her labia. She squeezed some more onto her fingertips and then put her fingers up her snatch.

"Got to get myself ready for you," she told me, "make myself nice and slippery."

I shuffled up the bed and lay on my back, my cock standing upright, my balls tingling. Candy climbed onto the bed and knelt beside me. She took hold of my cock and pulled the foreskin back. A little drop of clear fluid emanated from the slit in the end. She leaned over me and licked the liquid from my cock.

"Ooooh," I murmured as the tip of her tongue flicked at the little slit in the end of my cock.

She straddled me, took hold of my cock in her hand and positioned herself over it. She lowered herself onto me.

"Oh Debby!" I cried as I felt her sweet pussy envelope my cock.

"Pardon me major," she said,"but you got the name wrong."

"I am so sorry Candy," I apologised.

Candy began to roll her hips and I began to thrust upwards. She started to bounce up and down on me, shaking her head and squeezing my flesh with those finely tapered fingers of hers. I stared at her lovely young firm round breasts jiggling up and down as she rode me.

"Oh Candy, that is so nice," I told her.

"Oh Major, I'm coming!" she lied.

I was under no illusion, this beautiful young whore was never going to achieve orgasm just bouncing up and down on some old `John`, but this old `John` was certainly going to come inside her!

I let out a groan as I felt it happen, I ejaculated in her hot sweet cunt, sending jets of scalding hot spunk up her.

Candy stopped bouncing on me as soon as she felt my seed flow into her. She climbed off me, a dribble of semen running down her left inner thigh. She reached onto the little bedside cabinet, pulled a Kleenex out of it's box and swabbed my mess from her flesh.

"Where is she?!" I heard him shout.

"GET OUT! GET OUT! GET OUT!" I heard Brenda scream at the top of her voice.

Then I heard running and slamming doors. The door opened and a young man entered the room, he was holding a pistol. He saw Candy and then he looked at me, his face contorted with rage. He pointed the gun at me.

"NO Chuck! NO!" screamed Candy.

I woke with a start, sweat pouring from my brow. It was very dark. I looked at the little clock on my bedside cabinet. Two A.M. I rolled off my bed and stood up. I put the light on and looked in the mirror, I was Sean. I had not undressed, I still had my ring on. I undressed, noticing that my underpants were coated in my semen. I removed my ring and sat back down. I felt dizzy for a moment and then I was back as Phil. I showered off the sweat that was soaking my body and went to bed. I slept like a log.