 I woke to the sound of the shower running in my en-suite. I lay in bed and listened as she washed herself. She came back into my bedroom, drying her hair in a towel.

"I have to go to work, will you be here this evening?" she asked me.

"Yes," I replied, "would you like me to cook?"

"That would be nice."

"O.k. see you round about seven thirty?"

"Yes."

She threw her clothes on and left my room. I assumed she was going to her own room to get dressed for work.

I waited until I heard her leave the house before I got up. I dressed as Marcus and drove Phil's car to Marcus' flat. I went into the flat and found some mail. A letter from the bank informed me that Marcus had no money left. 

As I was about to leave the building, Rosie came in through the front door. She was wearing a nurse's uniform.

"Hi," I said to her, "just finished your shift?"

"Yes," she replied, "do you want to come in for breakfast?"

"What's on offer?"

"Coffee, croissants and me."

"Yes please."

She smiled as she opened the door to her flat. I followed her into her flat and through to the kitchen. She put the croissants in the oven and switched the kettle on. She turned and looked at me.

"Where have you been?" she asked, "I got your note and was so disappointed."

"I'm sorry baby," I replied, "something really urgent came up."

She put her arms around my neck and pulled me close.

"Well, you're here now, that's all that matters."

I kissed her on the mouth. She opened her mouth and pushed her tongue between my lips. I opened my mouth and let her tongue wriggle around mine.

"Which do you want first?" she asked, "the coffee, the croissants or me?"

"You."

I put my hands on her hips and boosted her up onto the worktop. She pulled the hem of her dress up and reached under it. She wriggled around on the worktop, pulling her panties down over her thighs, over her legs and off. I grabbed hold of them and held them to my face. I inhaled deeply, savouring the smell of her.

She spread her legs and pulled her dress right up, exposing her sex. I squatted and put my head between her thighs. She leaned back, shuffled to the edge of the worktop and lifted her legs allowing me better access to her cunt.

"Oh Marcus!" she cried as I started to lick those luscious outer lips.

"Oh yes! Just there! Mmmm."

I poked my tongue inside her as far as I could, loving the feel of her hot wet meat on my tongue. I used the tip of my tongue on her clitoris, bringing her to climax.

"Oh fuck!" she cried as she came, "Oh fuck yes!"

I stood and unzipped my trousers. I reached inside my underpants and pulled my stiff cock out. I stood on tip toe and held it a little way from her dripping slit.

"Is it safe?" I asked.

"Yes, just stick it in me," she replied huskily.

I positioned my cock at the entrance to her cunt and pushed. My length slipped inside her in one motion. The feeling of her warm wet cunt wrapped around my cock was unbelievable! I started to fuck her with long hard thrusts, my thighs banging against the kitchen unit each time I thrust forward.

"Oh fucking hell that feels nice," I said as I fucked her.

"Don't come, don't come," she pleaded, "make me come."

"Oh Jesus I'm sorry," I said as I felt it happen.

I was out of control, my thrusts were almost automatic. I could feel it coming up my tubes, my cock was tingling as the spunk rose in me, then that ecstatic moment when whatever muscle it is shoots the semen out.

"Aaaaah!" I cried as I spent myself inside her.

"Oooooh!" she squealed as she was just about to climax.

I could feel her contractions start, but she had not been fulfilled and they subsided as my cock softened. I pulled out of her and she quickly put her fingers to her cunt and started to rub herself off. I stood and looked as she wanked, a frown on her face, her eyes closed.

"Ooooh! Oooooh! Oooooh!" she moaned as she brought herself off, her body twitching, my semen and her cunt juice flowing freely from her and running down the front of the kitchen unit.

"Oh shit!" she cried as she came back down to earth, "the bloody croissants!"

I could smell them burning and reached over and turned the oven off.

"We shall have to eat cereal," I told her, laughing.

She slid off the worktop, coating her ass and her uniform in our combined liquids as she did so.

"I had better go and get cleaned up," she told me as she walked to the kitchen door.

"I will make breakfast," I told her, my limp cock dangling out of my trousers.

I put my cock away, prepared the coffee and tried to salvage what I could of the croissants. Rosie came back into the kitchen wearing a toweling robe. She had not tied the belt and it hung loose on her body, allowing me glimpses of her smooth milky skin and beautiful boobs.

She sat at the small table in the kitchen and I served her breakfast.

"I need to sleep," she told me, "I have another twelve hour shift starting at eight. I would love to spend the day shagging you Marcus, but it would do me no good. I am off for a couple of days afterwards, will you be around then?"

"Sure baby," I replied, "I'll leave you to get some rest. I will call round on Friday evening, is that o.k.?"

"I'll cook for us. Bring a bottle."

I leaned over and kissed her gently on the lips. She stroked my face. I stood up, walked out of her flat and left the building.

I drove the BMW through town to the St. Isaacs area of the city. The inner city, they call it, the area which has seen many changes and not all of them for the better. I parked the car and began to walk towards the Chequers cafe.

"Hey Marcus!" came a voice from across the street, "where you been, man?"

I turned and looked to see a young man coming towards me. He was well built, could have been a lightweight boxer or something.

"Hey, I replied," have you seen Reggie about?"

I knew the name from what I overheard in the hospital. I hoped it would help if I seemed to know what the fuck I was talking about.

"You mental or something Marcus?" he said, looking surprised, "Reggie don't come round here for five years man. Why you don't answer his calls?"

"I got beaten up, got my phone stolen, been in hospital in London."

"Well he lookin' for you Marcus, you better go see him."

"Can you take me to him? My car stopped working, had to leave it and walk."

"Come on then," he said, "I am parked over there"

He led me to a black BMW X5. I opened the passenger side front door and climbed in. He walked round to the driver's side and climbed in. He started the car and turned on the CD player. 

We drove for about ten minutes to the neighbouring area, known as St. Simons. My new acquaintance stopped the car outside of an anonymous terraced house.

"Come on then," he said as he got out of the car, "Reggie will be glad I found you."

I was not sure what to do, so I just followed him up the path to the front door. He produced a key and let us both in.

"Hey, Reggie!" he called as he led me along the narrow corridor, "I found our white boy"

We entered the kitchen at the back of the house where a man was busy cooking a full English breakfast.

"You hungry Marcus?" he said to me as he tended to the frying pan.

"I guess so," I replied.

He started to dish up the bacon, eggs, sausages and mushrooms onto three plates. He turned and handed me one. I saw Reggie Stuart for the first time that morning. He was a good looking thirty year old man whose office nickname would definitely have been Denzel, for the obvious reason that he looked like a young version of the famous film star.

"Here you are Brandon," he said as he handed the other plate of food to my driver, "now sit and eat."

We sat at the kitchen table and ate our food. I had not had a full English for many years and I quite enjoyed it.

"So what happened Marcus?" Reggie asked me, "the farmer wants you to do a collection and you go missing. This is bad for business."

"Sorry Reggie," I replied, "I got beaten up and robbed in London. I have been in hospital for a couple of weeks."

"The police were not involved, I assume?"

"You know me better than that Reggie," I said, trying to sound confident.

"Good boy. The farmer has a consignment for collection from his new plantation, I want you to go down there and bring it back to me."

"His new plantation? Where exactly is it?"

I risked a lot with that question. What if Marcus already knew where this place was? My fate hung in the balance.

"Just go to Low valley farm, near Brixham like you always do."

My gamble had paid off, I had not given myself away.

"My car has broken down, have you got one I can use?"

"He can use mine," said Brandon.

"Yeah," said Reggie, "send him down to pick up a consignment of drugs in the classic drug-dealer's car. What am I gonna do with you Brandon?"

I smiled. Brandon smiled. Reggie smiled.

Reggie tapped a number into his phone and waited for a few seconds.

"Hey Bobbie," he said into his phone, "Marcus got no wheels. Bring him that Ford from the unit."

Reggie put his phone down and looked at me. 

"You seen that girl of yours since you been back?" he asked me.

"Who? Do you mean Jo-Jo?" I replied.

"Who?" he said looking surprised, "who else do you think I mean? If she hear you talk like that she will slap you up mister!"

It seemed that this Jo-Jo was quite the character.

"I came straight to find you, Reggie, she will have to wait," I told him.

"Good boy" he said, patting my hand.

A young man appeared in the kitchen. I assumed it must have been Bobbie delivering my car.

"Hey Marcus!" he said, "good to see you man!"

"You too Bobbie," I hazarded in reply.

"Right" said Reggie, "did you fill the tank Bobbie?"

"Yes."

Reggie got up from the table and left the room. He returned a few seconds later carrying a sports bag.

"Here is the payment Marcus. I want you back here tomorrow. You stay there overnight, drive back in daytime, be inconspicuous."

"Like I always do Reggie."

I was skating on thin ice, but my confidence was growing by the minute.

Bobbie handed me some car keys and I got up and picked up the sports bag, it was quite heavy. I wondered how much there was inside it. Bobbie showed me to my car.

The car was a Focus estate, about as anonymous as you could get. I got in and drove across town towards the motorway. I stopped for a minute and used the app on my phone to find the exact location of my destination. This was totally new to me, being involved in criminal activity. I was quite excited. Luckily, Phil had the next few days off work so he would not be missed.

It took me less than three hours to get to my destination, an arable farm in Devon. I drove up to the farmhouse and parked outside the front door. I went to the door and knocked, this set the dogs off. I guessed there were about four of them, big buggers by the sound of it.

The door was opened by a large man in his forties. He smiled as he recognised me as his visitor. I noticed a German shepherd trying to push it's way past him to get out. He pushed it back in.

"Ah Marcus," he said to me, "I have been expecting you. Please come in."

"Thank you," I replied.

He led me through to a large kitchen, four assorted dogs followed us.

"Tea?" he asked, "milk, one sugar?"

"Please," I replied.

My host was the farmer, I assumed. He was Reggie's supplier.

"How is the new plantation?" I asked.

"Very secret and very productive," he replied.

I dumped the sports bag on the table.

"Reggie sent this for you."

"I won't count it."

"Has he ever been short?"

"Never."

He handed me a mug of tea and asked me to sit. 

"She is looking forward to seeing you again," he said to me.

"And I her," I replied.

Yet another conundrum, who was 'she'?

"I take it you will be staying at the Blacksmiths."

"Of course."

He chatted to me about the crops he grew, the legitimate ones, anyhow. He chatted to me about the upcoming tourist season. He told me about his wife being away in New York. I found out a bit about him, but not his name and he didn't mention `her` again. All the while a border collie rested it's head on my thigh and I stroked it.

"Come on Marcus," he said to me after a while, "let's get you loaded and then you can get down the pub."

I followed him out of the kitchen to the back of the house. He unlocked a shed and disappeared inside it. He came out a few minutes later carrying two large bags of dry dog food.

"Here you are, take theses two and I will bring the others," he said as he handed them to me. The bags were fairly heavy, they would pass as bags full of dog food. I was pleased at the clever deception.

We carried the bags to my car and put them in the luggage area at the back.

"There," he said, "that should keep the stoners of the midlands going for a while. Now you go and get settled in at the Blacksmiths and I will see you later for a pint."

I got into the car and drove off. I had no idea where to though.

I drove to the nearest village which was called Little Chupton. As I drove down the main road through the village I saw a sign for the Blacksmith's arms. Obviously this was the place I stayed at. I drove into the car park and got out of the car. I went into the bar.

The man at the bar smiled as he saw me.

"Hello," he said, "will you be staying with us as usual?"

"Yes," I replied, "one night please."

"Room four is available. Will you be dining with us?"

"I'm not sure, I shall let you know."

"Very well."

He produced a key, gave it to me and I went up to my room. Room four was a pleasant little room with a double bed, dressing table and wardrobe. There was an en-suite shower and toilet. It felt very cozy. I felt quite relaxed considering I had a car full of drugs parked outside. I decided to take a nap. Not wanting to have one of my `episodes` I undressed, removed my ring and napped as Phil. 

I awoke to the sound of the alarm on my phone. It was seven in the evening. I got up and went for a shower. I put my ring on and got dressed. I left my room and went down to the bar.

As I walked into the bar I spotted the farmer chatting to the barman. I stopped and tried to listen in.

"Bez in tonight Neil?" asked the farmer.

"No, she's off tonight Jack," the barman replied.

"I'll just text her then," the farmer said, taking his phone from his pocket.

So his name was Jack. Perhaps `she` was called Bez, which I assumed was short for Rebecca. I walked over to Jack and greeted him.

"Pint Marcus?" he asked as he finished texting.

"Please," I replied.

We stood at the bar and drank our beers, the bar began to fill as the evening wore on. I ordered a pastie to eat at the bar, deciding not to dine after all.

"Hello Bez," I heard a voice from near the doorway, "what you doin' here on your night off?"

I looked towards the door and my heart missed a beat. I was looking at the most beautiful young woman I had ever seen. If this was her then Marcus was the luckiest man in the world! If she had had an office nickname it would definitely have been Jennifer Lawrence.

She saw me and her face lit up. The look on her face made the butterflies in my stomach go into overdrive.

"Oh my God!" I thought to myself, "I think I am in love!"

She walked over and stood next to me, still smiling.

"Hello Marcus," she said.

"Hello Bez," I replied.

"Oh," cut in Jack, "not calling her by her proper name any more then? You've changed your tune."

"You leave him alone Jack," Bez said to him, "Marcus can call me what he likes."

A small slip on my part, but small enough not to arouse suspicion.

"Usual Bez?" Neil asked her.

"Go on then, Jack's paying."

Neil produced a bottle of cider and took the top off. He handed it across the bar to her. She raised it to me.

"Cheers Marcus," she said, looking into my eyes, "nice to see you again."

I was speechless, all I could do was smile inanely at her.

After a little bit of light banter with the regulars she took my hand and led me to the corner of the bar.

"I missed you," she told me, "I haven't seen you for weeks."

"I won't stay away so long ever again," I promised.

"You staying upstairs?"

"Yes."

"Do you want me to stay with you?"

"You know I do."

My cock was stiffening in my underpants, my balls were tingling. I could feel myself blushing as my temperature rose.

"You go up first, I don't want them to know," she said nodding in the direction of the crowd in the bar.

I stood up and returned my empty glass to the bar. Jack and Neil gave me a knowing look. Jack patted me on the back.

"Be nice to her," he told me.

"Always," I replied.

I went upstairs to my room. A minute later she opened the door and walked in. I went over to her and grabbed her roughly by the shoulders. I kissed her passionately on her lips. She returned my kiss just as forcefully. I pulled her to me, the bulge in my trousers pressing against her tummy.

"Take your clothes off," she whispered to me.

I did as I was told and she stripped at the same time. She did not give me time to look at her, she got into bed as soon as she was naked. I guessed she was a little bit shy, which made her even more desirable.

I took a condom from my pocket and placed it on the bedside cabinet.

"No need," she said to me, looking into my eyes.

I nearly shot off there and then! She was going to let me inside her without protection!

I climbed into bed next to her and pulled the duvet up. We lay on our sides, staring into each other's eyes and smiling. She put her hand behind my head and pulled me towards her. We opened our mouths and began to snog each other like a couple of teenagers.

I ran my hands over her body and down over her hips. I reached around and squeezed her lovely ass cheeks. I could feel the pre-cum leaking out of me and coating her beautiful smooth flat tummy as I held her close to me. She broke the embrace and looked me in the eye.

"Clean that off," she told me.

I slid down under the duvet and she rolled onto her back. I started to lick up the clear sticky liquid that had drizzled from my cock and onto her body. it tasted very salty.

She put her hands on my head and pushed me down further. I understood what it was she wanted me to do. She had the most beautiful soft brown bush I had ever put my face against, and I kissed it and licked it, I worshipped it.

"Lower," she ordered.

I began to lick her slit, working my tongue between her soft warm pussy lips. I lapped at the juice that was flowing freely out of her. I rubbed her clitoris with the tip of my tongue, making her moan and wriggle with pleasure.

"Oh Marcus!" she cried, "Oh baby."

I worked on her for about ten minutes, her moans and wriggles getting louder and more animated, until she froze and let out a long guttural cry. She was having a very intense orgasm.

"Oh you fucking bastard!" she cried, "why have you made me wait so long for this!"

I took my mouth from her dripping wet snatch and watched her as she experienced her climax. She was being transported to a different level of consciousness, like a junkie who's just had a hit of pure heroin. I had never been so entranced as then, when I watched her come.

Fucking her after that was almost an anti-climax for me. It was as if giving her that orgasm with my tongue was what I had been born to do. I spread her legs, got between her thighs and slid my stiff cock inside her, but I did not feel anything like the emotion I had felt when I had watched her come. I thrust my meat in and out of her tight, wet cunt until I felt my seed squirt out of me and into her and then I lay on her for a moment.

"You o.k.?" she asked me.

"I don't know if I am," I replied.

"What do you mean?"

"I want you to be my mistress."
