 I awoke to the sound of a tap running, then I heard the flush and realised it had been Bez taking a piss. I smiled as I listened to her turn the actual tap on and wash. 

She came back into the bedroom and climbed back under the duvet. She looked at me and smiled.

"So you want to be my slave, do you?"

"Yes."

"Right then slave," she said as she rolled onto her back, "I want you to stimulate my erogenous zones until I tell you to stop."

I started by kissing her shoulder, then I kissed behind her ear. She tilted her head back as I kissed my way round to her throat. I kissed across to her other shoulder and then back again. I kissed her eyelids, I kissed her cheek.

"Mmm, nice," she said as she put her arm around me and stroked my back.

I looked down at her breasts. I had not had a chance to look at them properly and I feasted my eyes on them as I kissed her shoulder. Not too large, not too small. Firm, smooth orbs with beautiful pink nipples which stood out, stiff and proud, like little bullets.

I gingerly put my lips around her right nipple and started to suckle. She moaned with pleasure. After a minute or so I leaned across her and moved my attention to her left nipple. She moaned some more.

I rubbed her lovely smooth flat tummy with my right hand.

"Lick me," she commanded.

I left off suckling and kissed my way down to her cunt. I nuzzled her and she opened her legs wide for me. I put my head between her thighs and began to lick her out. I was in heaven! She had obviously washed herself down there as I could not smell her piss, just that lovely warm spicy smell of woman.

My tongue worked on her as it had the night before and her cunt responded by secreting a copious amount of fluid. As I licked at her clitoris her cunt juice flowed out of her and coated my chin.

"Oh Marcus!" she cried,"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!"

She put her hands on my head, grabbed onto my hair and gripped tight as she began to climax. It hurt a bit but I did not care, all I wanted to do was satisfy her.

"Ooooooh FUCK!" she cried as she peaked, "stop!"

Her body writhed and her legs twitched as she had what must have been some sort of out of body experience judging by her convulsions. I looked up and watched her. I adored her.

After a minute or so she opened her eyes and looked at me.

"Good slave," she said, "I shall require you to do that again, soon. But for now I must leave."

She got out of bed and began to dress. I watched her clothe that beautiful body, jealous that there was another man who had seen it, who would see it again, her husband.

"Bye Marcus," she said as she left the room.

"Wait!" I called, "I don't have your number."

But she was gone.

I lay back on the bed, my stiff cock standing up like a pole. I realised that she had gone before I had a chance to use it on her, or in her.

"Well old son," I said to myself, "slaves don't get to choose."

I decided against having a wank, deciding instead to get back to Barstow, deliver the huge amount of what I assumed was cannabis to Reggie and then give Rosie a visit.

I showered and dressed and went downstairs. Neil was in the bar tidying up.

"I shall settle my bill if that's o.k." I said to him.

"Already settled as usual," he replied, looking a bit puzzled.

"I meant for the beer and the pastie."

"Oh yes. Don't worry, Jack paid for that too."

I had nearly slipped up again, not knowing that Jack paid for my room when I visited him.

"Bye then," I said as I walked out the door.

"See you again," came the reply.

I drove carefully, but not too carefully, not wanting to draw attention to myself. I was back in Barstow just after lunchtime and headed towards the house where I had met Reggie.

As I turned into the street where the house was I noticed Bobbie walking briskly away from the house, his hood up, looking down at the ground. I pulled over and rolled the window down on the passenger side.

"Hey Bobbie," I called softly, "everything o.k.?"

He looked at me, opened the door and slid into the car.

"Get out of here! Quick!" he said quietly, but urgently.

I pulled away from the kerb and drove forward, then I took a right turn.

"What's happening?" I asked him.

"Somethings goin' down Marcus, got some V C prowlin' about," he replied.

I had no idea what he was talking about.

"Where do you want me to go with the delivery?" I asked him.

"The unit. Do you know where it is?"

"No."

"Take the next right."

He directed me across town to an industrial area on the east side. We stopped outside a unit. Bobbie jumped out, raised the roller door and waved me in. I drove the car inside the unit and switched off the engine. I got out of the car and we unloaded the bags from the back.

"Can you fill me in on what is happening?" I asked him.

"Somehow the Chungs found out about the office," he told me, "Reggie thinks they are going to try and take our goods. They already busted up two of our growin' houses."

So Jack was not Reggie's sole supplier, he had cannabis farms in houses too. I guessed the `office` was the terraced house we had just steered clear of.

"Do you think they know about this place?" I asked.

"I fuckin' hope not!" he replied.

"What do we do now?"

Bobbie gave me a phone.

"Take this and wait for Reggie to contact you. Leave the car and walk back towards town. Take a bus home, not a cab."

Bobbie obviously had experience of losing a tail.

I walked away from the unit, leaving Bobbie with the shipment and walked towards the centre of the city.

I took a bus to the Friarston district and walked to Marcus' flat, my flat. I was feeling a little worried about what I was involved in.

I let myself into my flat and picked up the letters on the mat. I opened them to find that my landlord was evicting me for non payment of rent and the council were going to take action to recover unpaid council tax.

"Time for Marcus to find a new home," I said aloud.

I started to strip the bed and collect Marcus' clothes and belongings together. I could put them in my VW and take them back to Cloughton.

At around seven I went out and bought a bottle of red and a bottle of white at the nearest off licence. I went back to the flats and rang the bell on Rosie's door. Rosie opened the door.

"Better late than never," she said when she saw it was me.

"Sorry Rosie."

She let me in and led me through to the living room. She sat on the sofa and looked at me.

"If you had let me know you were coming, I would have cooked," she told me, "as it was, I did cook yesterday."

"I am so sorry baby," I said, "let me take you out for supper as a way of apologising."

"I shall need to get ready. I shall have a bath. You will have to wait."

"O.k. I shall sit here while you get ready."

Rosie got up and left the room. I sat for a while and then went to the kitchen. I opened the bottle of red and poured myself a glass. I took a sip and then had an idea. I opened the white and poured a glass, then I took it through to the bathroom.

"Would madam like a glass of wine while she relaxes in the bath?" I asked.

"Why thank you my man," she replied, holding her hand out and taking the wine from me.

I sat on the toilet and looked at her. She really was a very attractive young woman. I decided that even if Marcus had to move out, he could still visit.

"Would you like me to wash your back?" I asked.

"Mmm, that would be nice," she replied.

I picked up the soap, dipped it in the water and worked up a lather in my hands. She leaned forward as I started to wash her back. She placed the glass of wine on the little shelf next to the bath.

I moved my right hand around to her front and started to massage those lovely big breasts, rubbing my soapy hand all over them.

Rosie looked up at me as I rubbed her tits, I leaned over her and we kissed. She was a very good kisser, her lips were full and soft and her tongue wiggled around in my mouth. I could feel my cock stiffening in my undies.

My hand moved down and I felt her bush. She stopped kissing me and stood up in the bath. She took hold of my hand and pressed it against her sex. I slipped my two middle fingers up her cunt.

"Oh Marcus," she moaned, "finger me, make me come."

I started to gently shove my fingers in and out of her as she stood in the bath, legs apart.

"Oh sweet Jesus that feels nice," she murmured.

I wiggled my fingers as I thrust them in her, trying to find her g-spot. She put her hands on the wall behind her to try and keep her balance as her legs began to quiver.

"Oh fucking hell! Oh fuck! Oh God!" she cried as she climaxed.

She reached down and pushed my hand away. She made a sort of snorting noise, her body twitched and her legs shook. Her eyes were closed. I grinned. I had made her come, I liked making women come.

She stopped twitching and opened her eyes. She looked at me and smiled. She got out of the bath, picked up her glass of wine and downed it. I picked up a large towel and began to dry her.

She took me by the hand and led me to the bedroom. She climbed onto the bed, on her hands and knees. She wiggled her beautiful, ever so slightly plump ass at me.

I dropped my trousers and underpants to my ankles and shuffled up onto the bed behind her. I positioned my stiff cock at her slit and pushed it in her.

"Oh fuck!" I exclaimed as I felt her hot wet flesh envelope me.

I fucked her with short, quick thrusts, just wanting to come, to make up for the frustration of the morning.

"Ooooh!" she cried as I banged her with all my might.

"Nnnnnngh!" I groaned as I shot a huge pent-up load inside her body.

I fell forward on top of her and she fell forward under my weight. I had her pinned to the bed. I started to tickle her.

"No Marcus! Stop!" she cried as she laughed uncontrollably, "I will wet myself!"

I enjoyed the feeling of her wriggling around under me, helpless. 

"I will stop if you promise to go out tonight with a short dress and no panties on." I told her.

"Marcus! how rude are you! But o.k. I will if you stop tickling."

I rolled off her and lay on my back on the bed. We looked at each other and smiled.

"I shall have to go and wash myself again now," she said to me.

"No." I replied.

She gave me a shocked look, which turned into a wicked grin.

"No panties and my pussy full of your cum, you dirty, dirty boy!"

I reached down and put my forefinger up her wet cunt. I wiggled it around a bit and pulled it out. I offered my spunk and juice coated finger to her. She opened her mouth and I put my finger in. She sucked my finger clean.

I felt wicked. I felt in control of this lovely young woman. It felt like I was getting my own back on Bez who had the audacity to be married and at the same time emotionally enslave me.

I got up and left the bedroom. I poured myself another glass of red and waited.

She walked into the living room wearing a long-sleeved red dress that finished a little bit above the knee. I looked at her legs, she had good legs. She wore cute little ankle boots of black suede. She had her hair in a pony tail.

"Show me," I told her.

She took hold of the hem of her dress and lifted it up. I gazed at that beautiful light brown bush and started to salivate. She turned around to show me her bare ass and gave it a little wiggle. I walked over to her, turned her to face me, put my finger inside her, pulled it out and offered it to her again. Again she opened her mouth and sucked the sticky mess from it.

"I fucking love you," I told her.

She smiled.

We went to an Italian restaurant on Birmingham road. It was a short walk and I made Rosie give me a running commentary on what was running down her legs.

"I can feel it Marcus," she told me, "your spunk running out of me and down my thighs."

"You like my spunk in you, don't you. You are a dirty little bitch."

"I like you inside me Marcus, I know that much."

We were shown to a table in the restaurant. The waiter pulled Rosie's chair out for her and she sat.

" I can feel it soaking into my dress Marcus."

"Is it cold and wet?"

"Yes."

I smiled a wicked smile at her.

We ate a nice meal and she told me about her job as a nurse. She asked me about my job. I told her I travelled in leisure goods, which seemed not too far from the truth. Rosie Morris was definitely growing on me.

We left the restaurant and walked back to the flats. She put her hand in mine, it felt nice holding her hand as we walked along.

We went into her flat and started kissing. I pulled her dress up and stuck my finger inside her again, she was still soaking wet. I pulled my finger out and this time stuck it in my own mouth, it tasted very salty.

"Are you going to use me for your pleasure again Marcus?" she asked me.

"I think I might, " I replied.

"I guess you want to fuck me in the ass. You can if you want to, I don't mind."

"Fucking hell!" I thought to myself, "she is actually offering to let me bugger her!"

I had never had anal sex in my life before that night. In over twenty years of marriage I had not had the nerve to ask and my wife had never offered.

"Listen Rosie," I said seriously, "don't feel you have to let me do that to you if you don't want to."

"I want you to," she said to me, looking into my eyes.

We went into the bedroom and undressed. She took a jar of coconut oil and smeared it all over my stiff cock. She coated her fingers in the sticky lubricant and pushed them into her ass hole. I watched, fascinated at her preparations.

Rosie climbed onto the bed on all-fours like earlier.

"Fuck my ass Marcus, I know you want to."

I knelt behind her and positioned my cock at her puckered hole. I pushed forward gently with my hips. Her anus surrendered to my cock, opening - albeit reluctantly,- as I pushed my meat into it.

The feeling was one of my cock being squeezed really tightly. It felt really nice!

"Oooh!" she cried as I pushed more of my length inside her.

"Oh fuck!" I cried as I felt my shaft being squeezed ever so tightly.

I thrust in and out for a very short time before I felt my seed rising up me.

"Oh, my, God!" I exclaimed as I ejaculated up her back passage.

I pulled out of her and lay back on the bed.

"Thank you, thank you, thank you," I said to her.

"You're mine now," she replied.

She pulled the duvet over us and snuggled up against me. We slept, wrapped in each other's arms.