 I woke before Rosie did. I lay in bed thinking about my situation. Phil had to go to work and Marcus had to get out of his flat. I looked at the beautiful young woman lying next to me. She looked so nice. I leaned over and kissed her cheek. She opened her eyes.

"Lick me," she said.

I shuffled down under the duvet and kissed her lovely soft bush. She opened her legs and I put my head between them. I could smell my semen on her. I lapped at her labia, wriggling them apart with my tongue. I licked her inner lips and up to her clit. I flicked her clit with the tip of my tongue.

"Oh Marcus," she said, "you are so good at this."

I licked and kissed her to climax. She wriggled and writhed, moaned and sighed.

"Mmmm, baby. That is just perfect," she told me as she had her wake-up orgasm.

I rolled her onto her side and spooned her. I gently penetrated her wet cunt with my stiff cock and fucked her with long slow thrusts.

"You are so nice to fuck," I told her as I picked up speed.

"Yes, do it like that," she whispered, "faster. Mmmm, nice."

I was thrusting quite quickly and she was pushing back against me.

"Oh Marcus! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" she cried as she came again.

"Oh Rosie!" I cried as I emptied my balls inside her.

We lay together for a minute and then she got out of bed.

"I have to go to work today and I need to go shopping, so I am going to get showered and dressed. Do you want to stay?" she asked.

"I have things to do too," I answered, "I shall get showered after you."

We breakfasted together on coffee and cereal.

"How long have we been going out Rosie?" I asked her.

"I lied to you Marcus," she replied, "we never went out together. I just said that because I fancied you and I wanted you. Do you hate me?"

"No Rosie, I don't hate you, I really like you. I am glad we are together. I still have a problem with my memory though, what can you tell me?"

"Not much. You moved into the flat upstairs about six weeks ago. You introduced yourself to me when you asked to borrow some coffee and sugar. You are away for days at a time, that's it."

"Thanks for being straight with me Rosie, I really appreciate that."

"So we are good, yes?"

"We are good baby. I am going to move out but I still want to see you."

"You can move in with me. I want you to move in with me."

"I would like that, but I have to move away for work. I will come back and visit you, is that o.k.?"

Rosie looked disappointed.

I left her flat the same time as she did. I went up to my flat and took all my possessions out to my car. I drove back to my house in Cloughton and put everything in Sean's room. I was finished with Marcus' flat. I took off my ring.

I entered LKJ accountants as Phil Watson and greeted Debby, the receptionist. I still wanted Sean or Marcus to give her a good fucking for being so ageist.

"Good morning Phil, " she said to me, "Sidney wants you to go and see him immediately."

"Immediately?"

"Yes."

I knocked on the door to Sidney's office and was called in. 

"Come in Phil," he said to me, "please, take a seat."

I sat.

"You have been in hospital twice now," he told me, "I think it is time you started to think about retiring. We are interviewing for someone to take over your job. We don't want you to go altogether, just go part-time. What do you think?"

"Fucking perfect is what I think!" I thought to myself, but I tried to look sad.

"You know this job is all I have Sidney," I told him, "but if you think I am not pulling my weight."

"Nonsense Phil!" he replied, "you are a valuable asset to this firm and as such we do not want you to be under pressure. You can mentor your replacement and phase yourself out over the next few years."

"Very well Sidney, I agree."

"Good man! Now get to work, there is much to catch up on."

Sidney never did mince his words.

He was right, there was a lot of catching up to do. The morning passed very quickly. I went to the staff room at lunchtime. Debby and Lexi were chatting to Jeff Hill, another of the bright young accountants Sidney liked so much. Jeff's office nickname was Matt Damon, because he looked like a young version of the actor.

"Hello Phil," Jeff said to me.

"Hi Jeff, how are things?"

"Lexi has been telling me about Tibah, it seems her father wants to send her away to be married. She is very unhappy."

"That's outrageous!" I exclaimed, "does that sort of thing still happen?"

"I am afraid so," he replied.

"How is Sarah Lewis getting on as a full partner?" I asked.

"She seems to be struggling a bit," said Lexi, "she seems distracted."

"Man trouble, I think," put in Debby with a nasty little smirk on her face.

The more I saw her, the more I wanted Sean or Marcus to fuck her in the ass! She was turning into a right little cat!

After work I went home and put my ring on. I walked to Sarah's flat, picking up a bunch of roses and a bottle of wine on the way.

I knocked on her door and waited. The door was opened by a tired looking Sarah, her hair was a mess, she wasn't dressed.

"Oh fuck, it's you!" she exclaimed as she saw it was me.

"Hello Sarah," I said calmly, "nice to see you too. Can I come in?"

She did not reply, she merely opened the door wider. I walked past her and into her living room. I looked around, there was paperwork strewn all over the place. This was not like the Sarah Lewis I knew.

"How have you been?" I asked, trying to ignore the mess.

"Try looking around Sean," she said in a tired voice, "and tell me how you think I've been."

"What is this all about?"

"It's about you!" she rounded on me, "why are you doing this to me Sean? Do you have any idea what you have done to me?"

"I haven't done anything."

"Yes you have, you bastard! You have taken my heart!"

She crossed the room to the sofa, brushed a load of paperwork onto the floor, sat down and began to sob.

"I am better than this," she told me, "better than some love-struck teenager, but I cannot stop thinking about you. You never called or texted me and you never gave me your number."

I put the flowers and the bottle on her dining table and knelt in front of her.

"I am sorry Sarah," I told her, "I never realised you thought that strongly about me. I thought I was just a bit of fun, your toy-boy."

"Well it was more than just a bit of fun for me," she sniffed.

I reached out and she fell forward into my arms. We knelt on the floor holding each other for a moment. I held her head between my hands and looked into her tear-streaked eyes. I kissed her eyelids. I licked her tears from her cheeks. She smiled at me.

"Right," I said, "get up and come with me."

I took her by the hand and led her to the bathroom. I turned the hot tap on fully. I poured some bubbles in. While the bath filled I hugged her and kissed her on the lips. The gentle kissing turned into french-kissing. Her robe fell away as I rubbed my hands over her body. She made little mewing sounds as I stroked her back and arms. She rubbed her hands up and down my arms and sides.

I broke the embrace and, taking her by the hand, helped her step into the bath.

"You relax for a while," I told her, "and I shall tidy up."

I went back into the living room and began to organise her paperwork. I knew enough about her clients to know which pieces of paper to put together. I did not care if it looked suspicious, a total stranger putting her work in order, all I knew was that she needed some help.

She came into the room about twenty minutes later, rubbing her hair dry with a towel. She had changed her robe for a very nice silk one in cream. She saw what I had done and crossed the room, looking concerned. She picked up a pile of papers at random and rifled through them. She looked puzzled as she realised that there was order in there somewhere, then she just shrugged and put them down.

"When did you last eat?" I asked her.

"Dunno," she replied, "breakfast I guess."

"Do you like Chinese?"

"Sure."

"Right, wait for ten minutes, I will get some for us."

I phoned my order through as I walked to the take-away. I did not have to wait long for my order once I was there. I walked briskly back to her flat.

I dished up while she looked through her papers.

"This is uncanny," she said to me, "you have sorted my workload perfectly. How did you do that?"

"Luck."

What else could I have said?

I watched her as she ate. She had brushed her long black hair and it fell in waves over her shoulders. She had applied her trademark bright red lipstick and red nail polish. She had made up her eyes, the proper Sarah was back in the room.

After we had finished eating I opened the wine and we drank together. She became more relaxed, smiled more.

"Shall we go to bed?" she asked.

"I thought you would never ask," I replied.

She let her silk robe slide off her shoulders and onto the floor as she walked to the bed. She slipped in under the duvet and sat up.

"Let me watch you undress," she said to me.

I removed my clothes slowly, revealing what I considered to be a pretty bloody good body to her. If Phil had looked this good when he was younger he would have been inundated with pussy! As I pulled my underpants down, my stiff cock sprang out, causing her to give a little moan.

"Mmmm," she said, "is that for me?"

"All for you Sarah, all for you."

I got into bed next to her, slipping a condom under the pillow as usual. She turned to me and put her arm around my shoulder. She pulled me towards her and opened her mouth. We kissed passionately.

We both knew where I was heading next. I kissed her breasts as I worked my way down over her tummy to her bush. I rubbed my face in the lovely clean curly hair. I licked her slit and she spread her legs to let me in. I put my fingers to her cunt and pulled it open. I stuck my tongue as far inside her as I could. She moaned with pleasure as I stimulated her sex.

I licked her clitoris and she began to moan aloud.

"Oh how I have missed this!" she cried as she came, her body wracked with contractions.

I shuffled up the bed and straddled her. I retrieved the condom from under the pillow, tore open the packet and began to put it on.

"Let me," she said, reaching up and sliding the latex along my cock shaft with her long slender fingers.

"Oh that feels nice, " I told her.

I slid down the bed and covered her. My cock slipped inside her sopping wet cunt with ease. I started thrusting quickly, hoping to bring her off as I brought myself to climax.

"Oh Sean," she whispered, "oh how I have missed you."

"I missed you too," I replied.

I let out a yelp as I shot my load, filling the condom. She moaned aloud as she climaxed for the second time. We lay, locked together, for a minute. I felt really glad I had come to see what the trouble was.

I rolled off of her, disposed of the condom in the bathroom and went back to bed with her. We cuddled and I slept like a log.

The next morning she was back to her old efficient self. She was up when I awoke, making breakfast, humming a happy tune. I got up, showered and went to the kitchen.

"Coffee?" she asked.

"Please."

" I am off to work in a minute, do you want to stay here?"

"No, I must go too."

"When will I see you again?"

"When will we share precious moments?"

"Fuck off," she laughed.

"Careful Phil," I thought to myself, "how many twenty somethings know that song?"

"Seriously Sean, when will I see you?"

"How about Friday evening."

"O.k."

We left her flat together and parted at the front door. We kissed tenderly and waved to each other as we walked away. I wanted her to be happy, but how long would this situation last?

I went home and removed my ring. I got dressed and went to work as Phil.

Later that morning I was about to go into Sarah's office when I heard sobbing coming from inside. I listened at the partially opened door.

"Oh Sarah, what am I to do?" I heard.

I recognised Tibah's voice, she was the one sobbing.

"He can't force you to marry this boy, you must say no," Sarah told her.

"It's easy for you to say, but in my culture the patriarch has much more control."

"Do you think you could grow to love him?"

"No, no. I love Ali. I could never love anybody else."

"How soon does the marriage take place?"

"It is being arranged for next June, I know it sounds a long time away, but I don't want it to happen at all."

The poor young thing sounded so distraught, I felt a tear form in my eye. I turned on my heel and walked away from the door.

The rest of the day passed quickly, and I received a message from Sidney that I was to take the rest of the week off. This was just as well, because there was a message from Reggie waiting for me on Marcus' phone when I got home.