 The message was a summons to meet at the unit. I drove the VW to the area but parked a little distance away and walked the last bit. I went into the yard where the unit was and saw Reggie talking to Brandon. They noticed me and called me over.

"What's up Reggie?" I enquired, "what happened at the office?"

"Bloody Vietnamese bastards are trying to take over my operation," he scowled, "the office is closed and we are working from here until I find a new place."

"So what do you want me to do?"

"One of my customer's boys got busted last week. He got a new one and I want you and Brandon to go and check him out. You make the delivery and collect the payment, make sure you get all the money."

"Sure thing Reggie, where do we make the delivery?"

"Doddley, up near Birmingham. I got you a car to drive, Brandon will ride shotgun."

"When do we leave?"

"Now of course. You should be there in a couple of hours. Make the connection, check the guy out and stay overnight. Bring me my money tomorrow."

"O.k. Reggie."

I drove the Renault hatchback Reggie had provided with Brandon sitting next to me. There was a package on the back seat. I decided to try and find out something about the mysterious Jo-Jo from him.

"I was going to see Jo-Jo tonight, but this trip has stopped me." I told him.

"You won't see her for a while Marcus, she gone to see her granny in Trinidad, don't you remember? You bought her the fucking ticket, man!"

"Oh shit! of course! I forgot she was going so soon!" I exclaimed, trying to sound genuine.

So I wasn't broke then. If I could afford to buy some girl a ticket to Trinidad and drive a BMW I must have money somewhere.

"I think I might ask Reggie for a loan, I am a bit short this month."

"What the fuck man!" exclaimed Brandon, "Where it all gone? You got a massive coke habit or something?"

I was digging a hole for myself, I needed to stop.

"Gambling." I said.

"You started to gamble? Fuck man if she find out about that she gonna kick your ass big time!" Laughed Brandon.

I decided to shut up and drive. Brandon put his beats on his head and nodded along to the music.

It had been arranged for us to meet this new contact in a burger bar. Reggie texted Brandon the postcode and he directed me to our destination. I parked the car, we got out and went into the restaurant.

"There he is, " Brandon said, pointing to a young man sitting alone at a table, "red baseball cap, blue hoodie."

We went over and sat opposite him. I put my hand out.

"Hi, I'm Marcus, pleased to meet you." I said to him as I sat down.

"Mahir Zaman, likewise," he replied taking my hand and shaking it.

"We have a delivery for you," I told him, "have you the payment?"

"Yeah man, it's in my rucksack. Where we gonna make the swap?"

"Let's have a coffee and then go outside," I told him, "it would look odd coming in here and then leaving straight away."

We ordered a coffee each and sat and drank them. I looked at the young man sitting opposite me. He was about twenty or so , I guessed. He was trying to look tougher than he really was, I guessed.

Brandon left first, then Mahir, then me. I cast around, looking for CCTV cameras, there were none. Brandon took the package from the Renault and handed it to Mahir and he handed the rucksack to me. I opened it and looked inside, there were bundles of notes, mostly twenties. 

"O.k. Mahir, nice doing business," I said as I turned to go.

"Laters," he replied.

"That went well," I said to Brandon as we got back in the car, "where shall we stay tonight?"

"I got it all worked out Marcus," he replied, "just follow my directions."

It seemed that Brandon had booked us into a small hotel in the town. The man at the desk seemed to be acquainted with my friend, they high-fived each other and he handed Brandon his key.

"What about my room?" I asked.

"We gonna share Marcus, tonight we gonna share," he replied.

We went up and put our bags in the room. It was a nice room with two single beds and a wardrobe. It had it's own bathroom.

"Come on Marcus," said Brandon, "let's have us some fun. There is a bar just over the road, I will buy you a beer."

The bar was not crowded, but had a good atmosphere. The customers seemed to be enjoying themselves, music was playing in the background. I noticed two women sitting at the bar, one was quite young and black, the other older and white. If they had office nicknames they would be Nicki Minaj and Jennifer Aniston. Brandon went over to them.

"Crystal?" he asked the young black woman.

"Hi, I guess you're Brandon," she replied, smiling, "you are a fine looking boy."

"This is my friend Marcus," he told her, pointing to me.

"And this is my friend Trudi," she told him, pointing to the white woman.

We exchanged greetings. I kissed the women on the cheek, which they seemed to quite like. I liked the look of Trudi, she made my balls tingle.

Brandon bought us all drinks and we chatted a bit about the bar and the music. After a few drinks Brandon put his arm around Crystal and whispered in her ear. 

"I want another hundred," she told him.

"No problem baby," he replied, pulling a wad of notes from his pocket and showing it to her.

The penny dropped. She was an escort, a prostitute, a whore and he was her customer for the night. I guessed Trudi was one too. I leaned over and whispered in her ear.

"Can I book you for tonight?" I asked her.

"Sorry honey," she replied, "I have to go, I'm already booked."

She put her glass on the bar, kissed Crystal on the cheek, waved to Brandon and started to walk away. As she did so, she put a small card in my hand. I looked at it and saw it had a phone number on it. She looked at me and winked, I smiled back at her.

Brandon,Crystal and me went back to the hotel and up to the room. As soon as we were in the room Brandon and Crystal started kissing. I stood behind her and helped her remove her coat. I stood back and looked at her, she had a quite large behind, her tight red velvet dress accentuating her full body.

I stood close to her and rubbed her ass, she reached behind her and squeezed my genitals through the material of my trousers. Brandon was holding held her head in his hands and kissing her forcefully.

Brandon stopped kissing her and span her around and she started to kiss me, her tongue pushing it's way between my teeth and wriggling around in my mouth. She was a good kisser. I liked her kissing me, I liked it a lot. I thought prostitutes did not kiss their clients but she certainly did!

Whilst Crystal had her tongue in my mouth Brandon was undoing her dress. He pulled it down off her shoulders and undid her bra. He pulled her away from me and got her dress down and her bra off, her massive tits literally bounced out of her bra. I had never seen such a pair!

Brandon span her back to face him and began to suck her titties. She moaned with pleasure as he did so. I rubbed my hands over the soft smooth skin of her back. My hands travelled south and inside her panties. I massaged her big buttocks with my hands.

Brandon broke off his suckling and led her to the bed. He sat her down and knelt in front of her. He removed her shoes. He took hold of the red hold up stocking on her left leg and peeled it down, kissing her on the thigh as he did so. He took hold of the stocking on her right leg and did the same. She ran her hands through his short curly hair as he stripped her.

I stood and watched the young drug-dealer being gentle with the full-bodied whore and felt quite sentimental. I understood what Brandon had meant when he had told me we were going to be sharing tonight, we were going to be sharing her. I began to undress.

Brandon stood up and began to strip too.

"Come and sit," Crystal told me, patting the bed next to her.

I sat next to her, my cock sticking up in the air. She slid off the bed and knelt in front of me. She opened her mouth and took my cock in it, then she started to gently suck on my cock. It felt wonderful.

I looked up to see Brandon standing naked behind her. My eyes widened as I took in the sight of his very large cock, it must have been ten inches long and quite thick. He had a big grin on his face as he looked at Crystal's generously proportioned ass.

Crystal was very good at fellatio, she had obviously had a lot of practise. I felt it coming but said nothing, I wanted to surprise her, which I did. It felt so nice as I ejaculated forcefully into her mouth, but she was not so happy. She gagged on the semen that squirted down her throat and she pulled away as soon as I started to shoot off.

"What the fuck!" she exclaimed through coughs, "why didn't you say nothing?"

"Sorry Crystal," I replied, "I couldn't help myself."

My cock was still spouting spunk out of the end which ran down my shaft and onto my balls. Crystal stood up and went to the bathroom. We could hear her gargling, cleaning my seed from her mouth. Brandon was laughing silently and shaking his head.

Crystal reappeared and took a condom from her bag. She put it on the bedside cabinet and climbed onto the bed. She lay on her back and opened her legs. She had shaved her pubes and was completely smooth, her puffy cunt lips looked very inviting.

"Hey Brandon,Show the white boy how to love a lady," she said.

Brandon climbed onto the bed, put his head between her thighs and began to lick her out. I sat on the other bed and watched.

"Oh yes baby," she moaned, "that's right, you give Crystal a good licking."

Brandon munched on her for about ten minutes, making her moan and groan with pleasure. I was enjoying watching him perform on her.

Brandon came up for air and Crystal reached over and picked up the condom. She smiled and waved it at him, he smiled back. Crystal opened the packet and Brandon shuffled up the bed, straddling her. She rolled it down his cock, rubbing his cock head as she did so.

"I wanna fuck your ass," he told her, "I wanna stick my cock right up inside you baby."

"There's some K Y in my bag," she told him, "you better put some on it."

Brandon got off the bed and went to her handbag. After a quick rummage he produced the tube of lube. He squeezed a copious amount out of the tube onto his cock and smeared it over the head and along the shaft.

"Put some in my ass," she told him as she got on her hands and knees on the bed.

Brandon knelt behind her and pushed the tip of the tube against her anus. He gave it a squeeze and she let out a little mew as she felt the cold gooey lubricant enter her.

Brandon threw the tube onto the floor, took hold of his large cock and introduced it to her ass hole.

"Here it comes baby," he told her.

"Go on sugar," she replied, "give it to me, stick that big boy in me, stick it all the way in."

I winced at the thought of that huge cock being forced into that ass, but she seemed not to care. Brandon began to push it in her, thrusting carefully but forcefully.

"Oh that feels so nice," he told her, "you have such a nice ass baby."

"I love the feeling of that big cock in me, put it all in, let me have it all." she replied.

I watched as the whole of that long thick cock disappeared inside the rotund rear of the whore. It must have been right inside her colon. Then he drew it out of her.

"Do you want it in again?" he asked.

"Yes," she replied, "give me that lovely big cock again. Fuck my ass Brandon, fuck it real good."

This time he rammed it up her much more forcefully and began to fuck her ass with short, quick thrusts.

"Oh fuck!" she cried as the huge cock invaded her back passage time and again.

"Oh Crystal!" shouted Brandon as he pummeled her, his thighs hitting hers, her ass rippling each time she received him to the hilt.

It lasted about a minute before Brandon let out a cry and stopped thrusting, his cock buried deep in Crystal's back passage. I could see he was ejaculating by the look of delight on his face. There was a look of relief on her face.

Brandon pulled his long flaccid cock from her and went to the bathroom to get rid of the spunk-filled condom which was hanging off it.

"That's how a real man does it," she said to me as she rolled over onto her back, "he don't trick a girl into getting a mouth full of cum."

She was obviously annoyed at me for earlier.

Brandon and Crystal slept cuddled up together on one bad and I slept on my own in the the other. I slept like a log.

I awoke at about seven in the morning as always. I looked across the room to see Brandon and Crystal still cuddled together on the bed. They were asleep. I quietly got up, went to the bathroom and showered. I brushed my teeth and had a shave. I looked at myself in the mirror.

"You fanny magnet," I said to my reflection.

I left them to their sleep and went down to breakfast. I ate a full English, which I enjoyed very much. After a while I decided to go and get Brandon and head off back to Barstow.

I opened the door to the room and walked in. Brandon was lying on the bed on his back and Crystal had straddled him and was bouncing up and down on him. I looked at her huge titties bouncing up and down.

"Oh fuck Brandon," she cried, "that feels so good. I love your big cock deep in me, oh Brandon."

"Ride it baby," he replied, "ride it real good."

Crystal put her hands on her boobs to stop them bouncing quite so much and Brandon put his hands under her ass cheeks to assist her as she rode his cock to heaven.

"Oh baby!" she cried.

I watched her roll her hips and shake her head, her ass rippling as she rode him.

"My God!" I thought to myself, "I do believe she is having an orgasm! A whore having an orgasm with a punter? Surely not!"

"Oh Crystal!" he cried as he obviously shot his load up her.

She stopped her frantic motion and relaxed, still impaled on his huge meat pole. Eventually she rolled off him and stood up. I could see the copious amount of spunk that filled the end of the condom that was still attached to his limp cock.

"Mmmm," she said, smiling, "that was nice."

"It sure was," he replied.

Then they noticed me.

"That's how you do it, white boy," she said to me.

I don't think she had forgiven me for shooing my load in her mouth quite yet.

Crystal showered, dressed and left the room. Brandon got up, showered and went for breakfast. I packed our bags and met up with him in the hotel lobby. We checked out and drove back to Barstow. I still had Trudi's card in my pocket.