 We were back in Barstow by lunchtime. We drove straight to the unit. Brandon handed the money to Reggie.

"Is it all there?" he asked Brandon.

"Yeah Reggie, one hundred grand. I counted it on the way back."

"Good boys, here's your cut."

Reggie handed Brandon three bundles of money, then he handed me three as well. I reckoned each bundle was a thousand pounds. If this was the sort of payment I was getting for doing a delivery, how much more did I have stashed away, and where was it stashed?

"Right," said Reggie, "give me your phones and take these. I will text you when I need you."

We handed him the phones we had been given before and took the new ones from him, then we went our separate ways.

Friday evening came and I went round to see Sarah. She welcomed me with open arms, a great big smile on her face. I reckoned she had been worried that I might not turn up.

She must have been feeling really randy because she pulled me straight to the bedroom and started to pull my clothes off quite excitedly.

"God Sean!" she said breathlessly, "I need you inside me. I have been counting the minutes."

I was caught up in the heat of the moment and began to tear at her clothes in return. We were naked very quickly that evening.

She threw me on the bed. She straddled me, leaned down over me and began to French-kiss me. The feeling of her tongue in my mouth was so nice. I could feel my erection resting against her ass and I wriggled around, trying to line it up with her pussy.

Sarah lifted herself off me a little way, reached down and took hold of my cock. She held it to her and slid down on it, enveloping it in her juicy cunt. I gasped with pleasure as I felt her hot wet flesh around my meat.

She began to ride me just like Crystal had ridden Brandon. She bounced up and down on me, her tits jigging up and down as she did so. I reached up and held those beautiful big orbs of flesh, loving the feeling of them.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" she cried as she worked herself off on me.

"Oh Sarah!" I cried as I felt my seed leave my body and enter hers.

She stopped moving and threw her head back, I could feel her cunt pulsating around my cock. It was sensational!

Sarah relaxed and rolled off of me. She lay next to me and put her hand on my chest. Then I realised something.

"Oh shit!" I said, "we didn't use protection."

"It's o.k. Sean," she replied, "It's my safe time."

We lay for a few minutes and then she got up and went to shower. After she returned to the bedroom, I went and did the same. We dressed and went out for supper at a nice Italian restaurant on Victoria road.

"Are you free on Sunday?"she asked me.

"Yes, I think so," I replied.

"I have to go to a party being hosted by a very important client of mine and I need a plus one, I was hoping that you would come with me."

I knew exactly what she was talking about. The Bertrams were having a gathering, which were legendary and getting an invite was an honour. As their accountant, Sarah had been invited.

"I would like that," I replied, "will any of your colleagues be going?"

"Yes, the junior I am mentoring. She is called Tibah."

"That's a funny name."

"Her family is from Iraq. She is very pretty, but remember, you are with me."

"Don't worry baby, I won't stray."

She smiled at me, but I could tell she was not completely confident in my fidelity. We ate our meal and she told me about being a partner in the firm and how happy she was. I listened to her and tried to be evasive when she asked me about myself.

I walked her back to her flat. She opened the door and turned to me.

"Do you want to stay tonight?" she asked me.

"Yes," I replied, "I want to spend the night with you."

She took me to her bedroom again. This time we took our time, we undressed each other slowly, kissing as we went. I kissed her lips, her cheeks, her neck. I licked her all over, paying special attention to her beautiful breasts. She lay on the bed and I ate her pussy. I kissed her and licked her and brought her to climax.

She took hold of me and lay me on the bed. She kissed my chest and stomach, working her way down to my cock. She took my stiff cock in her mouth and sucked it. She fondled my balls as she sucked me off.

"I'm going to come," I told her.

She kept on sucking.

"I mean it, I'm about to come!" I cried.

She kept on sucking. I shot a huge load off into her mouth and she swallowed as I did so. She didn't mind me coming in her mouth, unlike Crystal. I finished coming and she took her mouth away from my softening cock.

"Nice?" she asked.

"Fantastic!" I replied.

We lay in bed together, my arms wrapped around her beautiful body. We fell asleep together and I slept like a log.

I awoke at seven as usual. Sarah was still in my arms. I started to kiss her back, massaging her breasts as I did so. She began to stir.

"Mmmmm, that feels nice," she told me, reaching behind her and taking hold of my cock.

"Shall I eat you?" I asked her.

"Yes please."

I shuffled down the bed and she rolled onto her back. She opened her legs, I put my head between her thighs and began to kiss her pussy.

"Oh that is nice, oh yes I like that," she told me.

I licked her clitoris and rubbed it with the tip of my tongue. She grabbed my hair and pushed my face hard against her cunt. She writhed and twitched as she had an intense orgasm.

"Oh God Sean, oh God!" she cried as she came.

I came up for air and smiled at her, I loved making this lovely woman have orgasms. She pulled the duvet off the bed and got onto her hands and knees.

"Stick your cock in me," she told me, "fuck me like you are a dog and I am your bitch."

I grabbed hold of her by her hips and swivelled her round so she was on the edge of the bed. I stood next to the bed and positioned my cock at her slit, then I pushed it inside her.

"Oh yes!" she cried as I filled her with my meat.

"Oh Sarah!" I cried as I rammed my cock in her and drew it out, time after time.

I fucked her hard and fast, my cock going in right up to the hilt and then coming all the way out. It felt wonderful.

"Oh God I'm coming again!" she cried, "Fuck me! Fuck me!"

It ended with me shooting my load inside her as she let out a moan of pure pleasure and I felt her cunt pulsate around my cock.

"God that was good" she told me as she collapsed across the bed, leaving me standing there, my limp cock dribbling the last vestiges of my seed onto the bedroom carpet.

She took me shopping that day. We went to an out-of-town center and she bought me some shoes and a shirt. We had lunch together. I noticed the looks of envy on the other women's faces. I thought it was fun being her toy-boy when I was really so much older than her.

When we got back to her flat I told her that I had to go but that I would be back on Sunday. She told me to be at hers by mid-day. We kissed and I left.

I went round to Marcus' flat and let myself in. I started to search rigorously for the hiding place where I must stashed all my loot. I eventually found the money behind the kitchen units, many thousands of pounds. This put everything in a new light. I decided that I would have to keep the flat, at least until I had the chance to get the money out.

I went out, retrieved the BMW and parked it near the flat. I went back to Phil's house next and changed back into him.

I looked through all the mail that had accumulated for me. There was little to concern me except the invitation to the Bertram's party the next day. Who should I go as?