 There was a message on my answerphone from Sidney asking me to make sure I attended the Bertram's party to keep an eye on Sarah. He had been a little concerned about her state of mind lately, he said. I guessed Sean was the reason. 

The next morning I texted Sarah and made up a story about being delayed on my journey to her. I asked for the address of the party and told her I would make my own way there and see her later in the afternoon. She replied peremptorily, just giving me the address and telling me to be there as soon as I could.

At one in the afternoon Phil Watson drove his old VW estate up the gravelled drive of the imposing country house that was the family residence of the Bertrams. I had not been there for some years but I remembered every bit of it.

Set in ten acres in the county of Somerset, it was about fifteen miles south of Barstow. It had been built by Len Bertram in the sixties, designed by a well known architect in the modern style. Two storeys high, large rooms, covered swimming pool, the works.

I parked my car and walked to the front door, which was open. I walked in and was greeted by Polly Bertram, the forty-eight year old Liz Hurley lookalike who was Rick Bertram's second wife.

"Hello Phil," she said, sounding a tiny bit surprised, "we haven't seen you in a long time."

"Hello Mrs. Bertram, " I replied, "thank you for the invite, I really enjoy coming here."

"Please, call me Polly. Your colleague, Sarah Lewis is here and so is her junior, Tibah Alfarsi."

"Have they brought a friend?"

"Sarah is on her own, but says her new boyfriend is coming later. He is a bit of a dish apparently. Tibah has brought who I can only describe as Elsa from Frozen."

"Sorry?"

"Probably not your era my darling," she laughed.

Polly led me through to the very large reception room where about forty people were standing around in little groups chatting and drinking. She found me a soft drink as I told her I was driving.

"I can't see Sarah," she told me, "but Tibah is over there if you want to chat to her. You can meet her friend."

I crossed the room and as I got near to them Tibah and her friend turned to face me. Tibah smiled and gave a little wave. When I saw the girl standing next to her I nearly collapsed on the floor.

"Hello Phil," said Tibah, smiling, "this is my friend Alison."

Alison put her hand out for me to shake. I did not want to soil her hand with my unworthy touch. What I was looking at was beyond beauty, she was a young goddess!

"My God, you're her!" I cried aloud, "the girl who helped Tibah flee."

The two young women looked at me as if I was having a mental breakdown, which I probably was.

"I'm sorry, you will have to excuse me," I said as I retreated away from them.

I tried to compose myself, mad thoughts were running through my brain. I remembered the conversation I had overheard when I was standing outside Sarah's office days before. Tibah saying she loved Ali. It fell into place, Ali was short for Alison.

I kept away from the two girls, not wanting to spook them again. I mingled with the other guests, reacquainting myself with people I had not seen in a while. I found Sarah chatting to Matt Dunn, one of the surveyors the Bertrams used. Matt was a forty-five year old divorcee, quite a good match for Sarah really. I left them alone, she seemed to be happy in his company.

I was outside, enjoying the early summer sun when I saw Alison sitting on a bench in the garden. I approached her.

"Do you believe in reincarnation?" I asked her.

"No," she replied, still looking at me as if I was mental.

"Neither did I until about an hour ago. Do you know she loves you?"

"Who? What are you talking about?"

"I know you love Tibah."

"Is it that obvious?"

"Not to everybody, but I know. You lost her that time, back then. You sacrificed your love so she could run away from him and be safe. Don't lose her this time."

"I don't know what you are talking about but yes, I do love her and I don't know how to tell her."

"You have," said Tibah as she sat down next to Alison. "I overheard you just then."

"Oh Tibah!" cried Alison as she put her arms around Tibah and hugged her.

"I love you Ali, I always have, ever since school." Tibah told her.

I started to sniffle. Suddenly I had a new goal in life, ensuring the happiness of these two young women. I walked away, giving them some privacy.

As Sarah seemed o.k. I considered my job of keeping an eye on her was unnecessary. I sought out Guy Bertram who was our host.

"Hello Guy," I said to him, "thanks for inviting me."

"You are welcome anytime Phil," he replied.

"Thanks. Anyway I think I will get off now. I hope Sarah serves you well as your accountant."

"I am sure she will. Bye"

"Bye."

I went to my car and drove away. I parked on a piece of ground off the road about a quarter of a mile from the house. I took off my suit and tie, dressed as Sean and put my ring on.

I trotted up the drive to the Bertram's house in my new shoes that Sarah had bought me. I was dressed smartly but not formally. I got to the front door and stopped. Polly Bertram came towards me.

"Hello," she purred, "getting some exercise?"

I could see by the expression on her face that she liked what she was looking at.

"Sorry," I panted, "I am a bit late. I am here with Sarah Lewis."

"The rumours are correct then."

"Sorry?"

"Never mind. Please come in, we can look for Sarah together."

Polly held out her hand and I took it. She squeezed my hand. She led me through the house, past the guests and into the large kitchen at the rear of the house.

"So what is your name," she asked me as she led me through the house.

"Sean," I replied.

"I'm Polly," she said, smiling at me.

"Sarah!" she called, "there is someone to see you."

Sarah turned away from Matt, who she was still talking to, and looked across the kitchen. A big smile appeared on her face when she saw it was me. Matt did not smile. I went up to her and kissed her cheek. She gave me an enquiring look, I could tell that she had expected a kiss on the lips.

"Can I get you a drink Sean?" Polly asked me.

"Beer please," I replied.

She produced a bottle of beer and handed it to me. I began to drink. She looked at me for a while and then excused herself. I watched her as she walked away, she was good to look at.

I spent a few minutes talking to Sarah and Matt and then Sarah told us she was going to look for Tibah. She went off, leaving me to talk to Matt.

"Do you like her?" I asked him.

"She seems very nice," he replied.

"You can have her if you want her. I won't get in your way. Be good to her though. She is a bit fragile."

"You sound like her dad, not her toy-boy," he said, giving me a funny look.

"Sorry, you're right, I do."

Another little slip up. I thought it best to get away from him. Luckily Polly came over and, taking hold of my hand, dragged me away to meet some of her friends.

I spent the next couple of hours drinking and chatting to all sorts of people, people I knew, or rather Phil knew and those I had never seen before. One person Phil knew was Jessica Bertram, Polly's step-daughter. Jessica, or Jess as she was called was thirty years old. I had not seen her for twenty years and she had grown into a beautiful woman. Her resemblance to Scarlett Johansson was pretty strong. She was standing in the reception room sipping Champagne surrounded by male admirers of all ages.

She noticed me looking at her and smiled. She was used to men looking at her, I thought. I walked past her little group and out into the garden. I cast around for Tibah and Alison but they were nowhere to be seen.

"Come to the guest house with us," a voice whispered in my ear.

I turned to see Jess walk past me, leading one of the male guests by the hand and several more following. I knew where the guest house was but I tagged along as if I had never been to the Bertram's before.

Set behind a screen of trees about fifty yards from the main house was a cottage, which had been there when Len Bertram had bought the land on which to build his house. It was a small building, the sort a farm worker might have been given.

Jess led us inside. A couple of us had inquisitive looks on our faces but the rest had big smiles on theirs.

We formed a circle around her and she walked around, kissing each of us in turn. The butterflies started to flutter in my tummy and my balls started to tingle. I expect every man in that room was feeling the same sensation. She handed each of us a condom from a pile of them on a sideboard in the room.

Jess moved back into the middle of the circle and began to strip. As she did so, we started to strip too. We all watched her as she slipped her dress down and stepped out of it. We sighed collectively as we watched her take her bra off to reveal her beautiful firm breasts. We all began to stiffen as she slid her panties down over her hips, showing us her blonde bush.

"Jim," she said to one of us, "would you like to taste me?"

The man she called Jim dropped to his knees and shuffled towards her. She stood with her legs apart and put her hands out to her sides. As Jim reached his goal two others moved forward, offering their stiff cocks to Jess' hands.

"Oh Jim!" she gasped as she felt his tongue on her pussy.

I watched the looks of delight on the faces of the two men who's cocks were being squeezed and rubbed as Jim licked her out. The rest of us were gently rubbing our cocks or putting on condoms and waiting expectantly.

"Oh Christ that feels good!" she cried as Jim attacked her clit with the tip of his tongue.

Another man had put some lube on his finger and now he moved towards her from behind and put his finger to her anus.

"Mmm, yes, stick your finger up my ass," she told him.

And he did. The noise she made as his digit disappeared up her ass was such a turn on, one of us actually shot off onto the floor. We smiled at the look of disappointment on his face.

"Don't worry Steve," said one of the others, "you will be ready to go again before this girl's finished."

"Yes! Yes! Ooooh!" cried Jess as she had her first orgasm of the session.

Her legs shook and she tossed her head about as she came. This aroused us even more. One of us could take no more, he rushed forward, grabbed her by the waist and threw her onto the floor. She looked at him as if she hated every fibre of his being.

"Come on then you bastard!" she cried, "you wanna fuck me? Come on then, fuck me!"

He plunged his cock inside her, right up to the hilt in one movement and then began to fuck her like an animal. He must have been about fifty or so, but looked as if he had spent a lot of time working out and he gave her a good shagging.

"These bricklayers are beasts," Jim whispered in my ear as we watched Jess getting a good pounding.

"Aaaargh!" the brickie exclaimed as he pumped what was certainly a substantial load into the condom he was wearing.

"Who's next?" she shouted as the brickie got up from between her legs.

Another man took hold of her and rolled her onto her front. She got up on her hands and knees, exposing herself to us all.

"I want to stick my cock in your ass," he told her.

" Well don't just talk about it, do it!" she cried.

He crouched behind her, presented his cock to her ass hole and started to push it in.

"Come on you ass-fucker!" she cried, "stick it in me! Bugger me senseless!"

I was quite shocked at her language. Was this the same sweet little girl from all those years ago?

One of us knelt in front of her, close to her head. He lifted her head up by her hair and offered his cock to her mouth. She opened her mouth and took it all in, it must have gone right to the back of her throat. He moaned with pleasure as she started to suck him off whilst being ferociously sodomised.

The man with his cock up her ass let out a groan as he shot off. Judging by the expression on his face he was enjoying filling his condom. The man with his cock down her throat gave a grunt as he too spent himself in the wanton slut.

"Come on then! Who's next?" she shouted, spitting cum from between her lips.

The young man called Steve was ready to come again. He slipped a condom onto his stiff young cock and knelt behind her.

"Fuck me!" she shouted.

Steve rammed his cock in her with all his might. He started fucking her forcefully and she pushed back against him, trying to get as much of his cock inside her as she could.

"Oh God yes!" she cried out as she had her second orgasm, her head banging on the floor as he pummeled her into submission.

"Oh!" was all he managed to say as he came.

Once he climbed off of her I moved forward. I rolled her onto her back and knelt astride her. I took hold of her right hand and wrapped her fingers around my cock.

"You are going to wank me all over your face you bitch!" I told her, "I am going to cover your ugly mug in my cum!"

It was obvious to me by this time that she was getting off on being abused. She gave me a defiant look.

"What if I say no?" she asked, "are you gonna fuck me instead?"

"No, because you are not worth it you fucking slut! Now wank my fucking cock!"

The look on her face changed to one of lust and she squeezed my cock tightly and began to wank me vigorously. I was pretty turned on by the situation and it didn't take long before I felt that wonderful sensation of my semen shooting out of my cock. My spunk jetted out of me and landed on her face, just as I promised.

I climbed off her and she rolled onto her front. She wiped away the spunk that was in her eyes and shook her head. One of the others knelt in front of her and put his cock near her face. She noticed it and immediately put her mouth around it. He began to gently fuck her mouth. She responded by bobbing her head up and down on his cock.

"Oh my!" he exclaimed as he shot off, filling her mouth with his cum.

She took her mouth away from his cock, opened it, showed his spunk to us and then swallowed.

She was rolled onto her back again, her legs were held open by two of us and twice more she was fucked in her pussy.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" she cried as she had yet another orgasm.

By this time she was getting tired, I think. She did not demand more cock or swear at us. A couple of the others wanked over her tummy and tits, but we were all pretty much done. To finish off, several of them emptied their condoms onto her face.

Jess crawled out of the room. I assumed she was going to the bathroom to clean herself up. We all got dressed and went back to the party.

I had a text message from Sarah telling me that she had gone home with someone else. I guessed she was trying to punish me for being so inattentive. I found Polly and asked if she had seen Tibah, she told me that she and her friend had left. I decided to leave too. I thanked Polly for her hospitality and went to leave, she caught hold of my arm and pulled me to her.

"Can I have your number?" she whispered.

I gave it to her.

I walked back to my car, took off my shirt and trousers and removed my ring. I put my suit back on and drove home as Phil. I kept thinking about Tibah and Alison. I had to do something about their situation.

I went straight to my room when I got home. I looked at Marcus' phone to see a message from Rosie asking when I might be at home and I looked at the phone Reggie had given Marcus to see a message requesting my presence at the unit. I went up to Sean's room, showered, changed into some fresh clothes and put my ring on. Then I went upstairs to visit Anka.

I knocked on her door and waited. She smiled when she opened the door and saw it was me.

"Hello Sean," she said, "where have you been?"

"Away working," I replied, "would you like me to cook this evening?"

She pulled me into her room and kissed me firmly on the lips, pulled away and looked into my eyes.

"Would you like me to pay for my supper in advance?" she whispered.

I picked her up in my arms and carried her to her bed. I dropped her on the big soft bed that Phil had thoughtfully provided, then I started to undress her. I pulled her t-shirt up over her head and threw it to one side. I leaned over her and planted kisses on her shoulders, her neck and her face. She unbuckled her belt and unzipped her jeans as I did so.

I pulled her bra straps off of her shoulders and down, kissing her upper arms as she pushed her jeans down. I rolled her onto her side and unfastened her bra, then rolled her back. I pulled her bra away from her lovely breasts and kissed them. She kicked with her legs, trying to get her jeans all the way off.

I kissed her nipples, making them harden. I kissed her tummy, her lovely flat tummy. I kissed her smooth pussy, working my way down to her thighs. She opened her legs, allowing me to kiss her inner thighs and kiss upwards to her sweet pussy lips.

She grabbed my hair and pushed my face into her pussy. I poked my tongue out, trying to prise those lips apart. My tongue grew wet with her juice as it flowed from her pussy. She moaned with pleasure. I licked her clitoris, making her shudder with passion.

"Oh Sean! Oh my! Oh I'm coming!" she cried as she climaxed.

I took my head out from between her legs and stood up. She looked up at me and smiled as I removed my shirt and trousers. She put her hand on the bulge in my underpants and squeezed it a little. I pulled my underpants down and my stiff cock sprang out, a tiny drop of precum emanating from the end.

She settled herself on the bed and opened her legs wide. I climbed onto the bed and lowered myself onto her. My cock slid inside her as a dagger slides into it's sheath.

"Oh that is nice," she whispered, "I like that."

"Oh baby," was all that I could say.

I fucked her with a long slow thrusting action, enjoying every second of it. She moved her hips from side to side a little, wriggling my cock around inside her.

She didn't shout or scream when she came, she just let out a long sigh and smiled. I could feel her pussy squeezing my cock gently as it pulsed. I ejaculated gently as I had already come only a few hours before. I rolled off her and lay beside her.

"That was nice," she told me.

"Yes it was," I agreed.

"Well, I paid for my supper, now you have to make it for me."

We dressed and went down to the kitchen. I opened a bottle of white wine which had been chilling in the fridge. Anka sipped it whilst I prepared a very nice chili con carne on a bed of fluffy rice. I felt very much at home with her, which was comforting. Life was a bit of a whirlwind at the moment.

We ate together and chatted about the shops and cafes on the Victoria road. I told her that Phil was intending to get another lodger, most likely another female. She liked the idea, saying that another lodger might be good company for her when she was alone in the house which was becoming a more common occurrence.

"Why, is Phil not at home much then?" I asked.

"He seems to be away quite a lot these days," she replied, "And anyway, if he is in the house, he keeps himself to himself."

Everything seemed to be working out nicely for me, it could not go on for ever.

We finished our meal and went into the living room and watched some T.V.. Anka snuggled up to me which was very nice. At about eleven we went to Sean's room and slept together. I slept like a log.