 I awoke to find her gone. I looked at the time, it was seven. I left my room and went up to Phil's room. I removed my ring and prepared for work.

I walked into the lobby at work and stopped. A young Katy Perry lookalike was standing behind the reception desk instead of Debby.

"Good morning," she said, cheerily, "you are Phil, aren't you? I am Karen, but you can call me Kaz."

She put out her hand. I walked up to the desk and took her hand. I gave it a gentle shake.

"Welcome to LKJ accountants Kaz," I said, just as cheerily, "what has happened to Debby?"

"She is the new office manager, didn't you know?"

"So the cat got the cream," I thought to myself.

"Well, I had better go and report to my new boss," I said as I walked away.

After my initial annoyance at seeing Debby sat at my old desk and me being relegated to a smaller desk at the side of the office I was quite impressed by her performance. The time she had spent as my assistant had not been wasted. She worked efficiently and kept the accountants well managed.

Lunchtime in the staff room was spent catching up on the weekend. There was a rumour that Sarah had found a new boyfriend at the Bertram's party and was going to throw over her mysterious toy-boy as he was so unreliable.

"When did this happen?" I asked, "the party was only yesterday."

"I heard her telling Dennis," said Lexi, "and also, she thinks Tibah might be gay!"

"Never!" I said, trying to sound surprised, "what will her family say?"

"They would kill her if they found out," said Jeff, "I mean literally, they would kill her."

I felt sick to my stomach. The poor girl, oh how I longed to be able to tell her everything was going to be alright.

The afternoon was very busy and Debby made me work much harder than I had ever made her work. She was really enjoying being the boss. Sean would have to make his move soon, she needed a good fucking, a really good fucking.

It was agreed that I would not need to come to work for a couple of days as I had worked so hard that day. I felt like kowtowing to the little bitch, but that would have been just a little too sarcastic.

As soon as I got home I put my ring on and went to see Reggie.

"Where the fuck you been man?" he asked me.

"Sorry Reggie, but I thought I was being watched by the Vietnamese, so I kept out of the way today."

"Oh, o.k.," he replied warily, "I need you to do a delivery for me. One of my contacts has given me a name and I want you to check them out."

"Do I go with Brandon again?"

"No, you go alone this time. Brandon would stick out a little where you are going."

Ten minutes later I was driving my BMW up the motorway towards the part of Britain known as Dane's Forest. A part of the country stuck in a time warp where the people kept themselves to themselves. Brandon would have definitely stuck out there, it was hillbilly country.

I went into the Miner's arms in Smallton, the place where I was told I would meet Gary, the new customer. I went up to the bar and ordered a beer.

"Is Gary in tonight?" I asked the barman.

He did not bother to answer, he just pointed to the far corner. I looked across the uncrowded room to see a skinny man with a ratty face and short brown hair sitting next to a woman with a pretty face and long straight jet black hair. With her dark make up she resembled an older version of Wednesday from the Addams family. I put them in their mid twenties. I walked over.

"Gary?" I asked.

"Marcus?" he replied.

I put my hand out and he took it. We shook hands. I smiled at him, I always find that a smile goes a long way to assuaging suspicion.

"This is Lena," he said, pointing to his companion.

I put my hand out and she took it, we smiled at each other. 

"Pleased to meet you Lena," I told her.

"Likewise," she replied, "definitely likewise."

She and Gary smiled at each other, the sort of smile that suggested some sort of plan was being hatched.

"Where shall we do the deal?" I asked.

"You had better come to our house," Gary told me, "we can go there in a minute, we are just waiting for someone."

I began to worry a little. I was going to be outnumbered. The question going through my mind was would they bother to cause me harm for twenty five thousand? My worried expression obviously showed. Gary put his hand on my arm.

"Don't worry, we don't bite out here in the sticks. I want to do business with you in the future, so I have no intention of robbing you," he told me.

"Thanks for setting my mind at rest Gary," I replied.

"Hi," came a voice from behind me, "anybody for another one?"

I turned to see who had spoken and found myself looking at a younger version of Lena. She looked down at me sitting at the table and smiled.

"Ooh, hello," she said softly," who are you?"

"This is Marcus," Lena told her.

I stood and offered my hand, she took it and we shook.

"I am Lisa, Lena's sister," she told me.

"I would never have guessed," I replied, smiling.

"look," said Gary, "here comes Lucy."

An even younger version of the two sisters entered the pub and walked towards us. Dressed exactly like her older sisters in a black t-shirt and black jeans with dark eye make-up and purple lipstick she completed the goth trio. She looked as if she was about twenty years old. 

"Hi guys," she said, "has anyone got me a drink in?"

"Allow me," I said, putting my hand in my pocket, "what is everyone having?"

"Cider for now, you later," Lisa whispered in my ear.

My balls started to tingle like mad! 

We all had a drink and I listened to the sisters chatting about work and stuff, it seemed the women worked for the local council and Gary did maintenance on social housing. Gary had his arm around Lena, I guessed she was his wife or girlfriend. 

"I think it's time to go," Gary told us, standing up, "Marcus has something for us."

We all got up and filed out of the pub. Lisa was behind me, I felt her hand touch my bum as we walked out. I went to my car and retrieved the package.

Our destination was only a few yards from the pub, a modern detached house in a street just off the main road. Gary let us in and led us through to the living room.

"First to business Marcus," Gary told me, "Let me see what you have for me."

I handed him the package and he opened it carefully. He sniffed the contents and weighed the package in his hand.

"Seems about right," he said, "you have trusted me enough to come to my house, so I am going to trust you that this is full weight and good quality."

"Thank you Gary," I replied, "I think we are going to get along just fine."

Gary handed me a parcel.

"Twenty five grand, as agreed."

"Thanks Gary," I said as I took the money from him.

Lena handed me a beer and lifted the one in her hand.

"Here's to the future," she said.

We all raised our bottles and drank.

I looked around to see Lisa and Lucy kissing each other, their open mouths clamped together.

"Started already Lucy?" Gary said, looking at them and laughing.

Lena came over to me and put her mouth to mine, I automatically opened my mouth to let her put her tongue in it. We started to snog. I put my hands on her ass and gave it a squeeze. She responded by putting her hand on the bulge that was forming in my trousers and squeezing that in return.

Gary came and stood behind Lena. I looked over her shoulder to see his grinning face. He pulled her t-shirt up so we had to stop kissing while he pulled it over her head. I looked down to see her small boobs encased in a black lacy bra. I looked back up to see her smiling at me. Gary undid her bra and she let it fall away. I leaned down and began to suckle on her left nipple.

"Oooh nice," she whispered.

I felt two hands come around from behind me and unbuckle my belt, then undo my trousers. I felt them pull my trousers and pants down to my ankles. My erect penis sprang out in front of me and I felt a hand take hold of it and begin to rub it up and down.

"Stop or I am going to come," I said as I took my mouth away from that lovely stiff nipple.

"We don't want that to happen yet," said Lisa as she desisted from wanking my cock.

Lena pulled away from me and went over to the sofa. She kicked her shoes off and pulled her jeans down and off. I looked at her, standing in just a pair of black lacy panties and let out a sigh.

"Do you like my wife?" asked Gary.

"Oh yes, very much," I replied, "she is beautiful."

"You can fuck her if you like," he told me, "I like watching her getting fucked."

We both watched as Lena slowly slipped her panties off. My balls started to tingle even more as she revealed her pussy. It was completely smooth, not a hair in sight.

"She must wax to get it that smooth," I said.

"Totally natural," Gary replied, "her pubic hair has never grown."

"Get away!"

"If you don't believe me, look at her sisters."

I looked around to see that Lisa and Lucy had stripped off. The two skinny young women stood next to each other, smiling at me. Neither of them had a single hair in their nether regions.

"Wow!" was all I could muster as a comment.

Lena sat on the sofa and opened her legs. I immediately fell to my knees and shuffled towards her. I put my head between her legs and licked her smooth puffy cunt lips. I sniffed, she smelled wonderful.

"That's it Marcus," said Lisa, "get my sister warmed up."

I went at her with a will, licking her out, getting my tongue wet with her juice.

I turned my head to one side a little to see Lucy sitting on the sofa next to Lena. She let out a gasp as Gary got his head between her legs and started doing to her what I was doing to Lena.

"Oh fuck this is nice!" exclaimed Lena as I worried her clitoris with the tip of my tongue, "is Gary doing a good job Luce?"

"Mmmm, like he always does sis, like he always does."

"Oh fuuuuuuck!" cried Lena as she climaxed, her cunt juice flowing out of her in a stream.

I took my mouth away from her and knelt up. I looked to my right to see Gary still munching away on Lucy. Lisa had her hand under him, she was obviously rubbing his cock as he worked on her younger sister.

"Ooooooh!" Squealed Lucy as she climaxed, her head rolling from side to side, her body twitching.

Gary knelt up and looked at me. He had a huge grin on his face. Lisa took her hand away from his cock. Gary's cock looked as stiff as a steel bar but was about the size of a grown man's thumb. I had never seen such a small cock in my life.

"Little, isn't he," said Lena, "but don't let that fool you. He knows how to use it."

Lisa took hold of Lena's hand and pulled her up from the sofa, then sat down in her place.

"Show him how you use it Gary," she said to him, "fuck me with it."

Lisa opened her legs wide and Gary knelt in front of her. He slipped his little penis inside her and began to fuck her like a man possessed. I had never seen thrusting like it! His hips were working like pistons, ramming his meat in and out of his wife's sister at a phenomenal rate.

"Oh Gary! Oh yes! Oh fuck!" she cried as she received him inside her time and again, his cock leaving her and entering her faster than a speeding bullet.

"My God, he has to shoot his load soon!" I thought to myself, "What control!"

"Oooooh!" exclaimed Lisa as she climaxed, her legs flailing in the air, her hands grabbing at the material of the sofa.

Lena grabbed hold of my hand and dragged me to the middle of the room.

"On your back," she ordered.

I lay on my back, my stiff cock sticking up like a little flag pole. Lena picked up a condom, came over and knelt astride me. She tore open the packet and stretched it down over my cock.

"Better to be safe," she told me, "we don't know where you've been."

"I understand," I replied, "but I promise you, I am clean."

Lena positioned herself over me and lowered herself down. I let out a low groan as I felt her tight wet cunt envelope my latex clad penis.

"Oh that is good," she sighed.

She wriggled around on me for a few seconds and then she leaned forward and began to kiss my neck. I worried that I was going to get a love-bite, but she didn't bite me.

I looked over her shoulder to see Gary, a wicked grin on his face. He squatted over us, his stiff little cock ready for action. Then he pushed it up Lena's ass.

"Oh fuck Gary!" she cried, " that feels lovely."

Gary started to fuck his wife in her ass quite forcefully. I could almost feel it as he rammed it in and out of her. She was squashed between us, her skinny body sandwiched between two randy men.

"You love this don't you, you filthy bitch!" said Gary as he buggered her.

"Yes Gary, I love it!" she replied.

"She is a fucking filthy slut Marcus," he said to me, "my cock is not enough for her, she needs two inside her at once, the fucking whore!"

It was obvious that he was getting off on swearing at his wife's sexual proclivities.

"Stop, Gary!" shouted Lena, "I think he's coming."

She was right, I was ejaculating, filling the condom. Gary stopped fucking her up the ass and Lena sat still on my cock, enjoying the feeling of my cock throbbing inside her.

"Is there much?" enquired Gary.

"Seems so," Lena replied.

It felt like a lot to me.

Gary climbed off his wife and went over to her youngest sister. Lucy got on her hands and knees on the floor and Gary pushed his cock into her pussy. Then he started to fuck her in his characteristic way.

"Oh fuuckiiiinggg hell!" she exclaimed as he pounded her young twat.

"Fuck her good Gary!" urged Lena, "then cover her in your spunk."

"Oooooh!" shouted Lucy as she came, pounding the floor with her fist and shaking her head from side to side.

"Here it comes," said Gary as he pulled out of his sister-in-law.

He held his little cock in his hand and jets of thick white sticky liquid shot out of the end. The first load hit Lucy on the back of her head, coating her long glossy black hair. Subsequent squirts hit her on her back, striping her. Eventually his balls were empty and he stood up. Lucy's back looked as if it was home to a nest of white snakes.

Lena and Lisa crawled over to their sister and began to lick Gary's mess from her. Lena scooped some of the spunk up with her fingers and offered it to Lucy's mouth, she licked her sister's fingers clean with a smile on her face. I sat and watched this incestuous behaviour with an air of incredulity.

Gary sat on the sofa, a wide grin on his face.

"Lovely, aren't they?" he said, "and they're all mine, mine to share if I want."

I could not think of anything to say in reply.

Gary got up and went to the kitchen for more beers. The three sisters sat around the room, they were all naked. I pulled the condom from my limp cock and tied off the end to stop it leaking my mess on the floor. I looked around for somewhere to put it and Lena got up and took it from me. She dropped it in a little bin at the side of the room. I pulled my trousers and pants back up and stayed sitting on the floor, looking at them. Gary came back in, handed each of us a beer and we all drank.

"Which one of you wants to take Marcus to bed?" asked Gary.

"Me," said Lisa, raising her hand.

"Go on then Lisa, you can have him. Is that o.k. with you Marcus? Would you like to stay here with her tonight?" He asked me.

I just nodded enthusiastically.

Lisa stood up and put her hand out to me. I got up off the floor and took her hand. She smiled and led me out of the room. As I left the room I caught sight of Lucy and Lena kissing each other with open mouths.

Lisa led me into a very nice bedroom with a double bed in it. She closed the door behind us, stood close to me and started to undress me. I stood still and let her. She rubbed my chest as she removed my shirt. She knelt in front of me and unlaced my shoes. I dropped my trousers and she put her lips around my stiffening cock and began to suck it. It felt wonderful having this lovely young woman sucking my cock.

I took her head in my hands and pulled her off me. She looked up at me and smiled. I stepped back and finished removing my clothes. She went over to the bed and got in. I climbed in beside her and we kissed.

I put my fingers against her slit and began to rub her. She massaged my cock. I pushed her onto her back and climbed on top of her. She opened her legs and I prepared to slip my stiff cock inside her.

"Do you want me to wear a condom?" I asked.

"You said you were clean," she answered, "I believe you."

I penetrated her and began to move in and out of her very gently, relishing the feeling of her warm wet fleshy vagina wrapped around my cock.

"Mmmm," she moaned, "yes, that's it, take your time."

I kept myself under control, trying not to give in to the desire to fuck her faster, faster and harder. She thrust her hips up to meet mine as I thrust down onto her. I could feel myself coming, there was no stopping it, I let out a moan and shot off inside her.

"Oooh!" she cried as she too climaxed, her body twitching, her nails digging into my back.

I rolled off her and looked into her eyes. She looked back at me and smiled.

"That was nice," we both said together.

I lay on my back and she lay with her head on my chest, nonchalantly twirling my chest hair with her fingers. I noticed a scar on the outside of her hand. I took hold of her hand and held it up.

"What happened here?" I asked her.

"That's were I had my little finger removed," she answered, "look, it's the same on my right hand."

She held her other hand up to show me an identical scar on it. I counted her fingers, four plus a thumb. 

"So you were born with an extra finger on each hand?"

"Yes, just like Lena and Lucy."

"Oh."

She rested her head back on my chest. I took hold of her hand and held it to my lips. I kissed the scar and put her hand back on my chest. We went to sleep. I slept like a log.

I awoke the next morning at the usual time. I looked at the young woman laying next to me. I rolled onto my side and put my hand on her breast.

"No uncle Stephen," she mumbled in her sleep, "I have to get up for school."

I took my hand away. What she had said in her sleep made me feel guilty about touching her. Obviously the people around here had issues!

I decided to get up. I gently slipped out of bed and got dressed. I left the bedroom and went to look for the bathroom. As I was walking along the corridor I passed what I took to be the master bedroom. The door was ajar and I peeked in. Gary was lying on his back, snoring gently, with Lena and Lucy asleep either side of him. I shook my head and tutted.

I washed my hands and face but decided against borrowing a toothbrush, so I just gargled with some mouthwash I found in the bathroom cabinet. I crept downstairs, picked up my money and left the house.

I was back in Barstow within ninety minutes. I went to the unit and found Reggie already there. He was an early riser too, it seemed. I parked my car, got out and walked over to him. I handed him the packet of money.

"How was it?" he asked me.

"Fine Reggie, just fine. I think you potentially have a good customer there."

"Potentially? You startin' to use big words Marcus, I goin' to have to watch you, you must want to be the boss soon or something."

"No thanks Reggie, I like it just the way it is."

"Good boy," laughed Reggie, putting his arm around me and giving me a hug.

We went into the unit and Reggie counted the money. He handed me a thousand.

"Your cut," he told me.

"Thanks Reggie," I said, genuinely.

"I will text you when I need you, so go have some fun Marcus."

"Thanks Reggie, bye."

I left the unit and went to my house.

I went up to Phil's room and took off my ring. I sat on my bed and waited. I felt a bit dizzy for a moment but it soon passed and I was back as Phil. I picked up Sean's phone to see there were a few texts waiting to be read.
