 I awoke at the usual time. I looked to my left to see Nina, lying with her back to me. I lifted my head slightly and looked at her. She was sleeping with her head on Suzie's shoulder. They both looked so sweet.

I rolled onto my side and started to kiss Nina's back. She had lovely smooth skin and I felt myself becoming aroused as my lips touched her.

"Go on then captain," she murmured in her sleep, "put it in me."

That turned me on. My balls started to tingle and my penis became very stiff indeed. I slid my hand down and rubbed her ass cheek, she arched her back, presenting herself to me.

I pushed my hand in between her stumps, she raised the right one, allowing my hand to get to her sex. I rubbed my finger along her slit, wriggled it in between her labia and found that she was wet. I took my finger away, took hold of my cock and held it to her slit, then I pushed.

"Mmmmmm," she mumbled as I entered her.

I began to fuck her very gently, trying not to wake Suzie, who's shoulder Nina still had her head resting on. I took hold of her waist and pulled her back as I thrust forward, my cock going balls deep, it felt fantastic!

"Jesus!" I heard Suzie say, "are you two at it already?"

"Mmmm, yes. Sorry, did we wake you?" murmured Nina.

As she was awake I didn't need to be careful any more and I began to fuck her more rapidly. I rammed my cock in and out of her quite energetically and it was only a minute or so before I let out a yelp and shot off inside her.

"Has he come?" Suzie asked.

"Yes," Nina replied

"Good, now can we get back to sleep?"

We all dozed off, me with a big smile on my face.

I got up after about half an hour. I slipped out of the bed and went to the bathroom. I found a toothbrush in an unopened packet, so I used it. I washed my face and looked in the mirror, I needed a shave. I decided it was time to go home.

I went back to the bedroom and dressed, the girls were still asleep. I went over and gave each of them a kiss on the cheek and left.

I phoned for a cab as I walked along and after about ten minutes it turned up. I got in, gave the driver Phil's address and off we went.

There was a message on my house phone from Debby ordering me to be in early on Monday and to pack an overnight bag. She gave no reason for her demands, the bossy little cat.

The message from Reggie on Marcus' phone told me to get to the unit straight away, luckily he had only left the message a few minutes before I arrived home, so he would not be angry with me for taking too long to respond.

I did take a bit of a rest though. I bathed and shaved and dressed in fresh clothes. I threw a wash in the machine and switched it on. Having several identities did not excuse domestic tardiness.

I arrived at the unit about an hour after Reggie had sent his message. Reggie was chatting to Brandon and Bobbie, he waved me over to him.

"Me new grow ready for collection Marcus," he told me, "is a new house, let them know who you are and give the old lady this."

Reggie handed me a sports bag, I assumed there was money inside it. Reggie gave me the house name and the postcode and off I went.

"What a coincidence," I said to myself as I drove back into the village I had been driven home from only a couple of hours before.

The house I pulled up outside was a bungalow just like Nina's. It was a couple of hundred yards from Nina's and tucked away in a cul-de-sac, it would be unlikely that she would see me visiting there.

I walked up the path, noticing how nicely kept the front garden was and indeed, how nice the house looked. I rang the bell. The door was opened by a handsome looking woman in her early sixties, she looked a lot like Jane Fonda.

"Hello," I said, "my name is Marcus, I hope you are expecting me."

"Oh yes, please come in Marcus," she said, opening the door wider to allow me to walk past her and into the house.

"This is a nice bungalow," I said to her, "have you lived here long?"

"About twenty years," she replied, "would you like a cup of coffee or tea?"

"Coffee please, white, one sugar."

"Come through to the kitchen and we can have a chat while I make it. Oh, I'm Beryl by the way."

"I'm very pleased to meet you Beryl."

I was mystified by the situation, was Reggie playing a joke on me? I held on to the bag of money tightly.

"Hang on Marcus," Beryl said, "I'll just see if Gudi wants one too."

Beryl disappeared from the kitchen. She returned a minute or so later.

"She will be down in a minute, I am sure she would like to meet you."

It was the emphasis on the words `sure` and `you` that inferred to me that Beryl thought I was good looking and that this Gudi, whoever she was, liked good looking young men too.

When she walked through the door into the kitchen my heart missed a beat. Gudi was the most beautiful looking Indian or Pakistani girl I had ever seen. She was an Alia Bhatt lookalike for sure. She was wearing a white t-shirt and a pair of very short cut-off jeans. Her flawless light brown skin was covered in a fine film of perspiration and her lustrous long black hair looked shiny with sweat, and oh so bloody sexy!

"Hello," she said,"I'm Gudi, what's your name?"

She had the sexiest Indian accent I had ever heard.

"Marcus," I replied, putting out my hand. 

Gudi didn't take my hand, she came over to me, stood on tip-toe and kissed my cheek softly. I went into ball-tingle overdrive!

"Here you are Gudi," said Beryl, handing her a mug, "drink your coffee and leave Marcus alone."

"Oh, alright Beryl, I suppose he'll keep."

Beryl handed me a mug and we stood in the kitchen and drank our coffees.

Beryl could see that I was a bit puzzled and she pointed to the ceiling.

"It's up there," she said conspiratorially, "you would never know from outside, but this is a very productive growing house."

"How long have you been in the business?" I asked her.

"It all started a few years ago. My late husband started growing for himself, then he sold a bit. I kept it going for pocket money after he passed away and then I met one of Reggie's friends, he put me in touch with Reggie who sent Gudi to help me grow even more. From now on I shall sell all I grow to Reggie."

"So do you work for Reggie?" I asked Gudi.

"I work for me, I am Beryl's partner," she answered.

"Business partner," put in Beryl, "business partner."

"I understand," I laughed, "strictly business, no funny business."

"You, on the other hand," purred Beryl, "I could get up to some funny business with you."

"Beryl!" exclaimed Gudi, "he looks young enough to be your grandson!"

"Oh I don't know, does he?"

"Well I think you look very attractive, Beryl," I told her.

"How much longer do you need to harvest the buds for Marcus?" Beryl asked Gudi whilst looking at me.

"Oh, about half an hour," Gudi replied.

"Good," said Beryl as she took me by the hand and led me out of the kitchen.

I took a good look at the woman who was leading me to what I assumed was her bedroom. She did have quite a good body for a woman of her age. Bearing in mind that I was actually only four or five years younger than her in reality, I had no reservations about getting up to `funny business` with her.

Sure enough, we went to her bedroom. It was furnished in a youthful way, pastel shades and simple patterns, not a bit of lace in sight. She put her hands on my shoulders and pulled herself up so her lips were close to mine. She smiled, she obviously wanted me to make the first move, so I did, I kissed her, I kissed her open-mouthed, my tongue pushing it's way inside her mouth. I looked into her eyes as I kissed her and she into mine.

She tasted of the coffee she had just consumed and so did I. I put my arms around her and pulled her close to me. Her eyes widened slightly as she felt my erection pressing against her tummy through our clothes. She pulled away from me.

"Oh goodness!" she said, feigning surprise, "what has happened down there?"

"Do you want to see?"

"Oooh, can I?"

"Only if you show me yours."

"I don't know if I should, I am not that sort of girl."

Her play-acting was turning me on. I took hold of her and pulled her to me.

"Get your kit off, you gorgeous creature," I told her, "I want to fuck you."

"I don't know if I should let you, we have only just met."

"Don't be coy, you might miss your chance."

"Well, if you put it that way," she whispered as she began to unbutton her blouse.

I unbuttoned the waistband on her trousers and pulled down the zip. I wriggled her trousers down revealing her white panties. She dropped her blouse onto the floor and I looked up at her bra-clad breasts which looked quite firm. She slipped her shoes off, stepped out of her trousers and walked over to the bed. She sat on the bed, facing me.

"Go on then," she said, "show me."

I stripped for her, carefully unlacing my shoes, pulling them off and setting them down on the floor. Then I pulled my socks off and placed them in my shoes. I removed my shirt and trousers carefully and placed them on the back of the chair in front of her dressing table. I turned to face away from her and pulled my underpants down. Then I turned to face her, revealing my stiff cock to her, with it's drop of pre-cum running out of the little slit at the end.

"He looks ready for funny business," she laughed.

I walked over to her and pushed her backwards so she was lying on the bed with her legs hanging off the end.

"Let's see if pussy is ready, shall we?" I said to her.

I took hold of her panties and wriggled them down over her hips, she helped me by lifting her ass cheeks one at a time. I placed my index finger at her slit and rubbed it up and down. She sighed. I pushed my finger in her up to the first joint, she was a little moist, but not enough.

"Lube?" I asked.

She pointed to the dressing table. I went over to it and found a jar of coconut oil. I opened the jar and scooped some of the thick paste out with my fingers. I rubbed it all over my stiff cock. I pulled my foreskin back and applied it to my engorged purple helmet.

I walked back to the bed and put my oily fingers against her cunt, then I slipped them inside her.

"Uuuuh," she moaned as my digits penetrated her.

I began to gently finger-fuck her, she opened her legs wide to let me get my fingers right in.

"Put your cock in me," she whispered, "I want your cock now."

I took hold of her by her waist and pushed her up the bed. I climbed up onto the bed and positioned myself over her. Taking my stiff cock in my hand I guided it to her slit, then I pushed and it slid inside her all the way.

"Oh yes!" she cried as she wrapped her legs around me, pulling me down on top of her and as far inside her as was possible.

"Oh that's nice," I said as I felt her envelope me.

I started slowly at first but within a minute I was giving it all I had, banging her like a man possessed, she was pulling me down and letting me up with her legs, using them to help her get a really good fucking.

"Ooooooh! Yeeeeessss!" she shouted as she climaxed.

"Oh Crikey!" I called out as I felt my seed leave my body and enter hers, her cunt's pulses milking my cock.

I rolled off of her and lay beside her, we were both panting with exertion and passion.

"Oh you are a good boy," she told me after a minute had passed and we had our breath back, "you made auntie Beryl come."

I rolled onto my side and faced her. I smiled at her.

"I liked doing that `auntie Beryl`," I said, "I would like to come and visit you more often."

"Yes, I would like that, and if you are really good I might put in a word for you with Gudi, you would like to do some funny business with her I bet."

"Maybe I would, maybe I wouldn't," I said, shrugging my shoulders.

Beryl punched me softly on the shoulder and laughed, "We both know she is beautiful and any red-blooded male would give his eye teeth to have sex with her."

"Oh but auntie, when I come to visit I shall only have eyes for you."

Beryl laughed and climbed off the bed.

"Well I, young man," she said, "am going to wash myself. Get dressed and go and see if Gudi has got your package ready."

Beryl left the bedroom and I got up and dressed myself. I could not resist a look in the dressing table mirror.

"You lucky, lucky bastard," I told myself.

I went to the kitchen where Gudi was sitting at the table drinking another coffee, there was a package on the table which she pointed to.

"There it is," she told me, "tell Reggie everything is going well and to expect another batch in a few weeks."

"Thanks Gudi," I said to her, "would you like to go out for a drink or a bite to eat sometime?"

"You don't waste any time, do you? You've been here five minutes and you have already seduced Beryl and now you are trying to get into my knickers."

"Can't blame me for trying."

"Ask me again next time you visit."

"Oh, o.k."

I picked up the package and walked along the corridor, pausing outside the bathroom.

"Bye auntie!" I called through the door.

"Bye Marcus!" she called back, "come again soon!"

I left Beryl's house with a very wide grin on my face.

Half an hour later I had given Reggie the package and was heading back home, I decided to spend the rest of the day engaging tradesmen to prepare a suite of rooms for my new lodger.

Sunday morning arrived and I woke up feeling happy. I had taken my ring off on Saturday afternoon and the rest had done me good.

"I wonder who I will get to fuck today?" I asked myself, "perhaps I could go and see Rosie."

I got dressed and went down to breakfast. Anka was sitting at the kitchen table eating cereal. She was wearing a track suit.

"Good morning Phil," she said to me, "have you seen Sean recently?"

"No, I think he is away on business or something," I replied, "going running?"

"Yes, there is a charity run on the meadows this morning and we are all going to Magda's cafe after for ice cream. Why don't you come and watch?"

"I would like that, what time does it start?"

"Ten."

"See you at the start line."

I made myself some coffee and some toast and sat down to eat. Anka got up, put her cup and bowl in the dishwasher and left the kitchen.

The Meadows is a large piece of green not far from the centre of Barstow. It is very popular with runners, dog walkers and people who just want to relax. The organisers of the run had marked a six kilometre course around the perimeter and about five hundred people of all ages and sizes had turned up to take part. I stood and watched as the whistle blew and they all started to run.

Anka finished the course in a little over an hour, she walked over to me, panting.

"I must be out of shape," she said, "I can do better a better time than that."

She looked in bloody good shape to me!

"Never mind," I said, "there's always next time."

"Are you coming to the cafe?"

"No, I have to go out and visit someone, but thanks for the invitation."

"O.k. bye."

I walked briskly back to my house, changed my clothes, put on my ring and waited.

I heard her come in about an hour later. I was sitting in the living room and as soon as I heard the door close I went out into the hall to greet her.

"Hello Anka," I said, "been running?"

"Hello Sean, yes I have."

"You look as if you could do with a shower, would you like me to wash your back?"

"Come on then," she laughed as she took my hand and led me upstairs.

She took me to her room. She stood facing me.

"Would you like to undress me?" she asked.

I undressed her slowly, unzipping her track suit top and throwing it on the floor. Then I peeled the sweaty running vest off her body, licking her salty sweat with my tongue. She stood still, purring with delight as I ran my hands over her flanks and down to her hips.

I pulled her track suit bottoms down and peeled her running shorts off. Her white panties were soaked with sweat. I wriggled them off her. Her smooth pubic mound was dripping with sweat and I put my face to it and licked it. I moved downwards and licked along her slit, she moaned with pleasure.

She pushed me away and finished stripping herself. I watched as she undid her sports bra and released her beautiful boobs. She sat on the bed and removed her running shoes and socks. Then she pulled her track suit bottoms, shorts and panties off over her ankles, leaving her completely naked. 

I went over to her, knelt down, took hold of her by the ankles and lifted. She fell back onto the bed, her legs up in the air and I pushed my face against her lovely sweaty cunt.

I loved the sweaty, salty, fishy taste of her sex, It was such a pleasure to lick her out. Her juice flowed from inside her covering my tongue, making me mad with desire for her. 

"Oh Sean, that is nice," she said to me as she lay there, letting me do as I wanted with her.

My oral ministrations proved effective and after a few minutes her body began to twitch and she let out a moan of pleasure.

"Oooooh! Uuuuuuh!" she uttered as she climaxed.

I took my tongue out of her and looked up to see the grimace of a woman totally absorbed in having an orgasm. I fucking loved watching her come!

"Will you wash me now?" she asked.

I took her by the hand and pulled her up off the bed. I led her to her en-suite and turned the shower on. She walked in and stood under the hot water spray. I stripped off my clothes and stepped into the shower, standing behind her. She turned to face me and looked into my eyes.

"Kiss me," she said.

I put my mouth to hers and we kissed, I pushed my tongue into her open mouth and her tongue met it, wriggling around it, loving it. She reached down, took hold of my stiff cock and began to wank me off. It felt so nice, the hot water spraying over my body and her hand working it's magic on my cock shaft. I broke away from the kiss and threw my head back, the hot water spraying into my eyes.

"Oh yessss!" I cried as my spunk shot out of me and coated her lovely flat tummy.

She kept going, making sure every last drop of seed had left my body. My legs twitched, my back arched, my breathing was ragged as I had a wonderful climax, then I came down and my cock became floppy.

She handed me a bar of soap and I rubbed it over her lovely breasts, working up a lather on her. I turned her round and washed her back, working my way down to her beautiful ass cheeks. I knelt down and washed her long slim legs. She lifted her feet, one at a time and I washed her toes. I loved every inch of her, she was truly gorgeous.

After a while she decided that I had washed her enough and she turned off the shower. We got out and she let me dry her with a big soft towel. She wrapped a towel around her hair and patted me down with a towel.

"Would you like to go out for lunch with me?" I asked her.

"Yes," she replied, "that would be nice."

"Shall I call for you in say, half an hour?"

"Yes."

I left her room and went to Sean's room to get ready for our lunch date.

I took her to a country pub for lunch. We had a nice meal and she told me she was going back to Warsaw for a couple of weeks to visit her family. On our return to the house we sat and watched T.V. together.

"Will you spend the night with me?" she asked.

"I can't," I replied, "I have to catch a train this evening, I have to go somewhere."

"Oh," she said, sounding a little disappointed.

I made great play of leaving with a suitcase, just in case she thought I was giving her the brush off. We kissed on the doorstep and I walked away, trailing my case behind me.

As soon as I was around the corner I doubled back and let myself into the garden by the gate at the side of the house. I sneaked into the shed and removed my ring. I had a change of clothes in the case which I put on.

Phil came out of the garden shed and went into the kitchen through the back door.