 I was up at the usual time on Monday morning and I breakfasted on tea and toast. I had already packed my bag and I had booked a taxi to take me the few hundred yards to work. I decided to take Marcus' phones with me to keep track of any messages from Reggie.

I arrived at work about ten minutes earlier than usual and Debby was already in my office, which was now her office.

"Thanks for coming in early Phil," she said to me whilst sorting some papers, "I need you to drive Dennis to some meetings. He can't really drive with his damaged wrist."

So that was what it was about, she wanted me to be a bloody chauffeur!

"He has a meeting in Newcastle this afternoon and one in Dodley tomorrow morning. I have booked you into a hotel near Dodley for tonight, here are the details."

"Where is he then?" I asked.

"Here I am," came a voice from the doorway.

I walked over to him and took his suitcase from him.

"Please, allow me sir," I said as I took it, "goodbye miss," I said to Debby.

I drove Dennis's company Audi to Newcastle in just over five hours. His meeting was at three so we had time for lunch. I stopped the car outside of what looked like a nice little cafe in a nice looking high street.

We chatted as we ate. I liked Dennis, he was a nice young man. I had an idea.

"Ever been with an older lady?" I asked him.

"Er, no," he replied, "why would I?"

"They are quite experienced and can be very enthusiastic," I told him, thinking about Beryl.

"Oh."

"Ever paid for sex?"

"Once, while I was away on business in London."

"I know of a woman in Dodley and as we are staying there tonight."

"Are you having a joke Phil?" he said looking quite puzzled, "you don't seem the type to want a threesome with a younger man and a prozzie."

"I'm not getting any younger Den," I told him, "let's just say it's one of the things on my bucket list."

"Behave yourself!" he laughed.

I waited in the reception area of the engineering company where Dennis had his appointment. When the receptionist went off on an errand I got Marcus' phone out and phoned Trudi. 

"Hello," she said over the phone.

"Hi," I said, "I would like to book you for tonight if you are free."

"How did you get my number?"

"An acquaintance of mine by the name of Marcus gave me your number."

"Oh, I remember him, good looking young man."

"Yes he is. Would you be willing to do two of us?"

"If you pay enough, I will."

I gave her the name of the hotel and she said she would be there at about nine.

Dennis finished his meeting and we headed back down the motorway.

"I've been thinking about what you said earlier," he said to me, "if it is something you really want to do Phil, I will go along with it."

"Thanks Den," I replied, "I am sure you will enjoy it too."

"So, how are you going to go about contacting her?"

"All in hand Den, all in hand."

Dennis spent some of the journey working, his typing was a bit slow but he did what he wanted. We arrived at what was a very nice country house hotel just outside the midlands town of Dodley in time for our evening meal.

Not being extravagant, Debby had booked a twin room rather than two separate rooms. We went upstairs to freshen up and I dropped off our bags. It was a very nice room with two large single beds and an en-suite.

We dined in the bar on steak and chips, which was very nice indeed. I had just got in a round of drinks when she walked into the bar.

"There she is," I said to Dennis, "what do you think?"

"She is very good looking," he replied, "she looks a lot like Jennifer Aniston."

"Doesn't she just."

She walked to the bar and stood there, waiting for someone to approach her. I went over to her.

"Hi Trudi," I said to her.

"Are you Phil?" she asked me

"Yes, I'm Phil."

"How did you know it was me waiting for you?"

"Marcus described you to me. He did not do you justice."

"Yeah, cut the bull and buy me a large glass of Chardonnay."

I did as I was told and we went over to sit with Dennis. I took her coat and she sat. I introduced them, she seemed to be a bit more interested in him than me.

"You know who you look like?" she said to him, "you look like that racing driver, James Hunt."

"Yeah, I know, my office nickname is James."

"So, have you got my money?" she asked me.

I produced a wad of cash from my pocket and handed it to her. She looked at it and then put it in her voluminous handbag.

"Shall we go upstairs?" she said softly as she finished her drink.

"You go on," I said, "I will be up in a minute."

Trudi and Dennis got up from the table. He picked up her coat with his good hand and they went towards the stairs, I went to the bar and ordered Champagne to be sent to the room.

When I walked into the bedroom I was met by the sight of them french-kissing vigorously. Dennis obviously had his tongue rammed firmly in her mouth. He had his hands resting on her shoulders and she had his head in her hands. I closed the door and walked over to the couple. I stood behind Trudi and unzipped her dress. I put my hands inside her dress and rubbed my hands over her shoulder blades. She took her hands away from Dennis's head and let them drop to her sides. 

I took hold of her sleeve and pulled downwards, her dress began to tug on her shoulder, Dennis took his hand away to let it fall. Once he saw her bare shoulder he left off kissing her mouth and began to kiss her there. I pulled the other sleeve and her dress began it's journey down over her body and off.

Trudi wriggled her hips to help her dress fall completely to her ankles. I started to kiss her back as Dennis's kisses made their way down her front. I undid her red lacy bra and pulled the shoulder straps off her. Dennis stood back, pulled her bra off and threw it to the floor, then he began to kiss her breasts.

"Suck my nips," she told him, "I love having my nips sucked."

As he sucked on her nipples I put my hands inside her red lacy panties and gently squeezed her ass cheeks.

"Oh!" she moaned as Dennis, I guessed, put his hand down the front of her panties.

I backed away and left him to warm her up while I stripped off my clothes. I had not been naked in front of anyone as Phil for a long time and I felt a little self-conscious, but my cock was stiff and it stood out proudly from my grey pubic bush.

He stopped sucking on her tits and rubbing her cunt. He looked up, saw me and smiled. He span her round so she was facing me. I shrugged at her, she gave me a little smile.

"Come on, fat boy," she said, sympathetically, "get on the bed."

I crossed the room and lay on the bed. She slipped off her shoes, pulled down her stockings and stepped out of her dress. Dennis stripped off as quickly as he could, his strapped up hand hampering him a little. His erection sprang out from his underpants as he pulled them off, he was quite well endowed.

Trudi climbed onto the bed and straddled me. She rubbed her pantie-clad vagina against my erection. I let out a moan of pleasure as I felt my cock being stimulated in the camel-toe made by her panties.

There was a knock on the door. Dennis looked a bit shocked, Trudi smiled.

"Room service?" she asked.

"Den," I said, "get that would you?"

He went to the door and opened it just a little bit, he put his good hand outside and when it returned it was holding a tray with a bottle of Champagne and three glasses on it.

"Pour me a glass Den," said Trudi, still rubbing herself up and down my cock.

He put the tray on the sideboard and picked up the bottle, he poured three glasses of the fizzy wine and handed one each to Trudi and me. Trudi took a sip and then leaned down and kissed me, letting the bubbly drink run from her mouth and into mine. It felt very nice.

Dennis caught hold of her panties and tugged them down over her ass cheeks. She climbed off me and stood up next to the bed.

"On your knees," she said to him and he did as he was told.

Trudi peeled her panties down her legs one-handed and stepped out of them, she had her back to me so I could not see if she was smooth or not. Dennis put his glass on the floor, took hold of her legs and pulled himself towards her sex. The next noise I heard was the sound of his tongue lapping at her cunt. She stood there, glass of fizz in hand, letting him lick her.

I lay on my side on the bed, sipping the Champagne, watching the whore getting her cunt licked out.

Trudi grabbed Dennis by the hair and pulled him off her, then she pushed him backwards so he fell onto the floor. She poured some of the Champagne over his belly and genitals, knelt down in front of him and began to lick it off him. His cock disappeared inside her mouth and he let out a moan of satisfaction as she began to suck him off.

I rolled off the bed and knelt behind her. I was just about to slip my cock in her cunt when she took her mouth away from him.

"Condoms - bag," she said and then went back to fellating the young accountant.

I stood up and went over to the sideboard. I looked in her bag and found several condoms. I threw one at Dennis and opened the packet of another. Trudi took her mouth from his cock.

"Back on the bed Phil," she said to me, "put your condom on, Den," she said to Dennis.

"It's a bit difficult," he said, holding up his bad hand.

Trudi opened the packet and took out the condom. She stretched it over the swollen glans of his stiff penis and rolled it down over the shaft, he let out a sigh of pure pleasure as he felt her fine tapered fingers put the condom on him.

Trudi got up and went to her bag, she produced a tube of KY jelly from it. We watched as she unscrewed the cap, held the tube to her ass hole and squeezed. Then she pushed the end of the tube up her cunt and did the same.

I got on the bed and lay on my back, my erection sticking up in the air. Trudi lay on top of me facing away from me. She reached down, took hold of my cock, positioned it at the entrance to her ass-hole and wriggled herself down and onto it.

"Oh Trudi!" I cried as I felt her ass open up and take in my cock.

She worked herself further and further onto me until my length was fully inside her back passage. I helped by gently thrusting upwards. She put her hands behind her knees and pulled her legs up and apart.

"Come on then Den," she said, "fill my pussy with that big cock of yours."

He climbed onto the bed, I spread my legs to allow him to get easy access to her and he got into position, then he shoved his meat inside her hot slippery cunt.

"Oh God!" she cried as she took cock in both holes at once.

I could feel Dennis's stiff cock as it moved in and out of her cunt. I was pinioned under Trudi so I could not make much of an effort to fuck her in the ass, I just let James do all the work for me, and work he did.

I could hear him grunting as he fucked the slutty whore for all he was worth, I could feel his cock thrusting in and out, separated from mine by just the fleshy membrane of her rectum. It was more than I could stand and I felt my cock pulsate as I shot my load into the condom I was wearing.

"Oh Jesus!" shouted Dennis as he spent himself into the condom he was wearing.

"Oh yes!" cried Trudi as she too climaxed.

He rolled off her and she off me, which was just as well because I was having trouble breathing with her squashing me. She looked at me.

"Did you like that?" she asked.

"It was fantastic!" I replied.

Trudi got up and picked up her drink. She got back on the bed, lay on her back and poured a little over her neatly trimmed light brown pussy fur.

"Have a drink Phil," she said to me.

I got down between her legs and began to lick the fizzy wine from her pubic hair. She drizzled some more over herself and it ran down onto her slit. I began to lap it up, my tongue working it's way between her labia.

I lifted my eyes to see Dennis had removed his condom and was offering his limp cock to her mouth. She opened her mouth and took it in. I licked her as she sucked him.

After a couple of minutes he took his now stiff cock out of her mouth, picked up another condom and tapped me on the shoulder. I looked at him smiling at me.

"Would you be so kind Phil?" he said to me, "something else you can cross off your bucket list.".

I gave a little laugh and tore open the packet. I stretched the latex over his cock head and rolled it down over the shaft, I do not consider myself gay but I quite enjoyed the feel of his stiff cock in my hand.

I got out of his way and sat on the floor as he climbed on top of her and began to fuck her for the second time.

"Oh yes!" she cried as he rode her vigorously, his cock pounding in and out like mad.

"You filthy slut!" he shouted, "you filthy fucking slut!"

A sort of rage overtook him, he was thrusting like crazy, trying to get as much of his big stiff cock in her as was humanly possible and she was loving it!

"Fuck me you gorgeous bastard!" she cried, "shove that cock in me! Let me feel your balls squashed against my ass!"

I looked on, my cock beginning to stiffen again as the sight of my colleague fucking the brains out of this gorgeous mature prostitute turned me on.

"Oh yes!" he shouted as he shot off for the second time.

"Oooooh!" she squealed as she climaxed for the second time.

They lay in each other's arms for a minute, looking into each other's eyes. Just for a second it looked as if they were lovers, not just a tart and her customer.

Trudi looked over at me and smiled.

"The old man's old man is getting stiff again," she laughed, "I had better earn my money."

She slid off the bed and crawled over to me. She pushed me onto my back on the floor and knelt over me. She pulled the used condom off my stiffening cock, put her mouth around it and began to suck me off.

Dennis came over and poured some more champagne onto her back and began to lick it off. It must have run down and into her ass cleft because he started to lick down there too. I watched her eyes widen as he got his tongue near her ass hole. I looked over to see him kneeling behind her, licking her ass cheeks, his fingers obviously working away on her cunt.

I let out a moan as I shot off into her mouth. She swallowed the pitiful amount of jizz I produced with my second orgasm of the evening in one go, then she took her mouth away.

"Oh Dennis, do that, yes, just there, oooh!" she told him as he fingered her in her cunt.

I looked at him, there was a look of concentration on his face, he wanted to make her come yet again.

"Is that nice baby?" he asked her, "are you gonna come again?"

"Oh yes! Oh yes! Oh Den!" she cried as she had her third orgasm of the evening.

This whore certainly got satisfaction from her work!

We all sat around the room sipping the Champagne and smiling at each other, enjoying the mellow feeling after having had such an intense time together.

"So Phil," Trudi said to me, "how do you know Marcus?"

"Friend of a friend," I answered.

"Could you tell your `friend of a friend` that Crystal would like to see Brandon again some time?"

"I will pass the message on," I told her.

Trudi got up and started to dress. Dennis looked disappointed at the prospect of her leaving.

"How much for you to stay the night?" I asked her.

"Seeing as I like you, three hundred more."

I got up, went to my trousers and pulled out a wad of Marcus' money. I counted out three hundred.

"Get into bed with Dennis and sleep with him, if he wakes up in the night, let him fuck you, o.k?"

"Sure," she answered, smiling at Dennis as she did so.

I climbed into my bed and they got into the other one together. Dennis reached over and turned off the bedside lamp. I slept like a log.

I was awoken in the morning by the sound of grunting. Dennis was on top of Trudi, giving her another good fucking. She was looking up into his eyes and smiling as he pounded away on her. I watched surreptitiously from under my duvet.

"Oh yes, oh that's nice, oh fuck, keep going," I heard her say.

"Oh Trudi!" he called as he stopped thrusting and shot his load.

"Oooooh!" she cried out as she came too.

They settled back down after that and dozed, wrapped in each other's arms. Either she had genuine feelings for him or she was a bloody good actress!

About an hour later all three of us were sitting in the dining room of the hotel eating bacon and eggs and drinking coffee.

"I think I should pay the hotel for our extra `guest` I said, "I don't want them getting the wrong idea."

The other two laughed at my quip and then smiled at each other. She was about forty-five and he was twenty-eight, but they made a good couple.

"Do you have a boyfriend?" he asked her.

"Not at the moment, I'm too busy," she replied.

"I would like to see you again, but not necessarily professionally."

"I would like that. Maybe we could meet up when I get back."

"Where are you off to?" I asked.

"Ibiza. I am going over with a couple of other girls to entertain some music guys."

"Oh."

Dennis looked a bit sad at hearing that, but she was a whore after all and she had a living to make just like the rest of us.

Trudi finished her breakfast and left. I settled the bill for the Champagne and food using the company credit card and then Dennis and I left too.

"Right Phil," he said to me, "let's meet our new client and then we can go home."

I drove us away from the hotel towards Dodley.