 We arrived at Armitage engineering at ten in the morning. We went to the reception desk and were shown to the office of Les Wool, the managing director. I was allowed to sit in the corner while Dennis and Les had their meeting.

I looked around the office and noticed a framed photo hanging on the wall. The photo was of a hockey team, the members looked about eighteen years of age. There was one face which stood out, it was the young man to whom Brandon and I had supplied a large quantity of cannabis. I stood up and looked closely at the photo.

"The one in the middle of the front row is my son," Les said when he saw me examining the photo.

"I am sure this young man looks familiar," I said pointing to the image of Mahir Zaman.

"You might know of his father, he owns a large clothing and rug import business here. He was a pretty big noise in Iraq back in the day."

"Oh, was he? Is the young man a friend of your son's?"

"They were quite friendly but Mahir -that's his name- is moving in different circles now."

"Too bloody right, he is!" I thought to myself.

"Well Mr. Wool, " cut in Dennis, " I think we can help you with your accounting problems. give me a few days and I will be in touch."

Les stood up and offered his hand to Dennis. They shook hands and Dennis led me out of the office.

"What was all that about Phil?" he asked me.

"Just showing an interest in our client's family, " I replied, "a bit of personal interest goes a long way. You have to become their friend as well as their accountant Dennis, get some trust."

"Yes, of course, good move Phil," he said in a contrite way.

We arrived back in Barstow at lunch time and went straight to the office. Dennis started on his reports about his meetings and I went to see if Debby had any work for me to do.

"You can take the rest of the day off Phil," she told me, "and tomorrow as well."

I went home.

I got a text from Reggie requesting my presence at the unit so I drove over in the BMW.

"That man that lives in the forest want more," he told me, "take this package, make sure you get my money."

"Sure thing Reggie," I said, "see you tomorrow."

I drove to Friarston and called on Rosie.

"Pack a bag," I told her, "I am taking you away for the night."

"Come in for a minute," she said, "I shall have to get ready."

I walked in and immediately we were snogging each other's face off. She looked great, she smelled great and she felt great. I could not keep my hands off her lovely curves. I grabbed hold of her by the hair and pulled her head back, then I started to kiss her neck, all around, under her ears, behind her ears, down onto the little bit of shoulder not covered by her t-shirt.

"Oh I have missed you," she whispered as she turned her head and tried to nibble my ear.

"Get in the bedroom," I ordered her.

She turned away from me and began to walk towards the bedroom. I slapped her beautiful ass with the palm of my hand as I followed her.

As she approached the bed I put my hands on her shoulder blades and gave her a shove, she fell forward onto the bed and I climbed on top of her, straddling her, pushing her down. I took hold of her t-shirt and pulled it upwards over her head, exposing her back. I unclipped her bra and began to kiss her smooth skin.

I climbed off her and rolled her onto her back, she looked up at me and smiled. I reached down and pulled her shoes from her feet. I unbuttoned her jeans and pulled down the zip, she wriggled them down over her hips, revealing her skimpy white panties. I took hold of her jeans and pulled them down over her legs and off. She pulled her panties down and off, and then she spread her legs.

"Eat me Marcus," she said, imploringly, "make me come, I want to come."

I buried my face in her lovely soft pubic hair and poked my tongue in between her labia. She let out a long sigh as she felt my tongue begin it's work on her sex.

I licked her, I flicked her clitoris with the tip of my tongue, I probed her as deeply as I could with my tongue. Her cunt juice flowed as if a tap had been turned on inside her. My face was soaking wet.

"OH FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" she shouted at the top of her voice as she had what had to be a very intense orgasm.

Her legs closed around my head, squashing my ears, suffocating me, drowning me. I managed to pull my head away and watched as she writhed and shook with the force of her climax.

"Bloody hell Rosie! You really needed that, didn't you!"

"Oh Marcus, that was fantastic!"

"Turn over."

She obliged by rolling over onto her front and getting on her knees. I leaned over and opened the little drawer in the bedside cabinet. I reached in and took out the jar of coconut oil. I undid my trousers and pulled them and my underpants down, letting my cock spring out like a jack-in-the-box. I smeared the creamy lube over my cock and then rubbed some onto her puckered ring.

I knelt behind her and stuffed my cock in her ass. She let out a gasp as I pushed my length in with a few quick thrusts, then I started to give her a good buggering. I lasted less than a minute, the feeling of her tight slippery ass hole on my thrusting cock brought my spunk shooting out of me, filling her back passage.

"That was quick," she said as I pulled my floppy cock out of her.

"Well, I missed you too," I said in my defense.

I pulled my trousers and pants back up and she got off the bed and went for a shower. I went to the kitchen and made myself a coffee while she got ready for our trip.

She appeared in the kitchen dressed in a shirt and jeans and flat shoes. She was carrying a hold-all.

"I have a change of clothes in here," she told me, "in case we go anywhere special."

We left her flat and I drove her to meet Gary and the girls.

I saw Gary standing at the bar when we entered the pub that evening and he saw us. He smiled at me, looked Rosie up and down and licked his lips.

"Hi Gary," I said to him,"this is Rosie. Rosie, meet Gary."

"Hello Rosie," said Gary, "you look nice."

"Hello Gary," she replied holding out her hand for him to shake.

He took hold of her hand and held it to his lips, then he kissed her on the knuckles. She smiled at him.

"Shall we go to your house?" I asked him, showing him the bag I was carrying.

"Come on then," he replied, and we all left.

As we walked to his house I managed to whisper to him that Rosie knew nothing about the` weed`.

"No problem Marcus," he whispered, "the fewer people that know, the better."

When we walked into the living room of his house we were presented with the sight of three figures in brown hooded robes.

"Oh," said one of the figures, "I was not told."

I recognised her voice, it was Lena.

"They can be witnesses," said Gary.

"Very well, but it is getting late, we are leaving. You can follow on when you are ready."

Rosie and I gave each other a puzzled look as the three figures left the house and Gary went upstairs. He returned wearing a brown hooded robe, just like the others.

"Take your clothes off and put these on," he told us, offering us each a red hooded robe and a pair of sandals.

I looked at Rosie and shrugged my shoulders, she did the same, then we did as we were told.

Gary watched Rosie strip with a big grin on his face, he obviously liked what he saw. Her curvy figure was a contrast to that of the skinny sisters. Her furry bush was so different to the smooth mounds of the sisters.

"Follow me," he said as he led us out of the house.

We walked down a little lane between the houses and came to a wood. We walked along a track for about ten minutes and then I saw our destination, a very impressive manor house.

The house was set behind a high stone wall. The ornate iron gates hanging from the wall were slightly open and Gary led us through them. The walk to the house was about a hundred feet along a gravelled drive, I noticed many cars of all types parked to one side of the drive. There were more figures in brown hooded robes walking into the house through it's large wooden front door.

As we entered a very impressive hallway we were approached by another robed figure.

"Who are they?" a female voice enquired.

"Friends," he replied, "they are trusted."

"Very well, proceed."

Gary led us through a door and into a very large room with a high ceiling and many windows. The evening sun was shining through, giving it a very cheery look. I noticed that the furniture consisted of lots of sofas and scatter cushions, low tables and chaise longues. There must have been around thirty robed figures in the room, Rosie and I were the only ones in red.

One of the attendants started to light the candles that were placed all around the room and another started to pull the curtains across. After a few minutes we were standing in a candle-lit room in silence. The sound of chanting monks came from somewhere, probably some hidden speakers. A tall robed figure appeared and stood on a dais at one end of the room.

"Brothers, sisters," the figure said in a man's voice, "we are here to welcome Zeta to our order. If anyone has any objection to her joining us, please speak now."

No-one spoke. After a few moments a young woman was led into the room and up to the dais, she was naked. I looked at her and thought she looked a little familiar. She had an elfin look to her, she was slim with cropped blonde hair, a tiny waist and small boobs. She looked as if she should be skipping around a meadow, a crown of daisies on her head.

"That's Gary's little sister," whispered Lisa, who was standing at my left shoulder.

"How old is she?" I asked.

"Eighteen last week," came the reply.

The man addressing the assembly untied his robe and let it fall away to the floor. He was a tall muscular man. He was in his mid thirties, I reckoned. He was totally naked, his erect cock stood out from his groin like a pole.

"That's Hendrick Mahle, the German music producer," whispered Rosie, who was standing on my right side, "this must be his house."

Hendrick walked around and stood behind Zeta. He put his hands on her shoulders and pushed down. She responded by kneeling on the dais and then getting on all fours. Hendrick stood on the floor, his cock lined up precisely with her vagina, his feet against the edge of the dais.

"Sister, I welcome you to the order of Magdala," he said as he penetrated her.

Zeta let out a gasp as she took his meat in her. Hendrick started to gently fuck her, thrusting back and forth, his hands on her hips, pulling her backwards onto his cock as he thrust forward into her cunt.

"Sister," he said as he fucked her, "you have been given to me. You will be faithful to me and only me, but first you will sample the cocks of others from our order."

Hendrick pulled out of her, his cock still stiff. He moved aside and another robed figure went over and stood behind Zeta. He let his robe slip from his body and fall to the floor revealing his young body with it's stiff cock sticking out from him. He positioned himself as Hendrick had done and then he too began to fuck the girl.

"Ooooh!" she exclaimed as she received his meat.

He fucked her for a minute or so and then let out a groan. I assumed he had just ejaculated inside her. He pulled out and his cock was limp, I was right.

A third figure came up and repeated the process, disrobing, sticking his stiff cock in the girl and fucking her until he came inside her.

"Uh! Uh! Uh! UHHHHHH!" she cried out as she was being fucked by the forth. She was having an orgasm, I supposed.

"She is enjoying this," whispered Rosie, "Do you think they would let me join their order?"

"Our sister has come!" announced Hendrick, "let us rejoice in her pleasure!"

With that the robes fell away, revealing men and women of all ages from eighteen to about fifty. Some of the men knelt in front of women and began to kiss their vaginas, some of the women reclined on the sofas or cushions and received hard cocks in their cunts. I saw Gary lying on the floor, a young woman squatting over him and lowering herself onto his little cock.

"Bloody hell Marcus!" exclaimed Rosie, "what have you brought me to?"

"I didn't know this was going to happen Rosie," I replied, "do you want to leave?"

"Not likely!" she said, "I want to join in!"

"I don't know if we are allowed," I said, "we aren't wearing the right colored robes."

"I can soon put that right," she said as she dropped her robe to the floor and went over to a muscular looking man of about thirty who was looking for somewhere to stick his cock.

Rosie lay on a nearby chaise longue, one foot on the floor, the other planted on the piece of furniture, then she beckoned him over. His eyes widened as he saw what was on offer and he got between her legs and stuffed his stiff cock in her hot wet cunt.

"Your girlfriend likes to join in," said a voice from behind me, "would you like to?"

I turned around to see Hendrick standing behind me, a woman in her forties kneeling in front of him, sucking his cock.

"Aren't I just supposed to watch?" I asked.

"We won't stand on ceremony this time," he laughed, "Lisa told me she likes you, give her a good fucking from me."

I looked over to see Lisa standing on her own, still wearing her robe.

"We don't touch you if you keep the robe on," Hendrick told me, "but once it is off, well anything can happen."

I looked over to see that Rosie had been turned over and was being fucked doggy style by a different, older man than the one she had started with.

I walked over to Lisa and untied her robe, she did the same to me. Our robes dropped away and we embraced, our mouths clamped themselves together, our tongues danced around in each other's mouth.

I looked over Lisa's shoulder and watched as Rosie was double penetrated by two young men, one lying on the floor with Rosie straddling him, facing him, his cock in her cunt and the other squatting behind her, stuffing his cock up her ass.

"Oh fucking hell!" she was shouting as she received the two stiff members in her at once.

"Fuck me, Marcus," Lisa said to me as she took her mouth away from mine.

She went over to a sofa which was unoccupied and lay on it. She opened her legs for me and I got in between them. I put my cock at the entrance to her beautiful smooth cunt and pushed it in her.

"Oooh Marcus!" she cried as she felt me fill her.

"Oh Lisa," was all I could say in reply.

I fucked her gently, trying to make it last, but that was never going to happen. All the sights and sounds of people copulating around me had aroused me to such an extent that I was practically ejaculating as soon as I entered her. I felt guilty as I felt myself shoot my load into her unsatisfied cunt.

"You have left my little sister hanging," I heard a voice from behind me, "I had better finish the job for you."

It was Lena and she had a very large rubber cock in her hand.

I got out of her way and Lena inserted the rubber cock inside her sister's semen filled cunt. She began to fuck her with it. Lisa began to writhe and twitch as the dildo brought her off.

"Oh Lee," she said to her sister, "Oh yes!"

"Lisa needs Lena, doesn't she?" Lena said to her, "Lena can do things the boys can't."

Lena began to shove the dildo in and out of her younger sister faster and further until Lisa let out a long squeal of delight and her body was racked with convulsions.

"Oooooooh! Oooooh!" she cried aloud as she had her orgasm.

Lena withdrew the rubber cock from Lisa's cunt and offered it to me, I licked the mixture of cunt juice and semen from it. Lena smiled at me as I did it.

I looked over to see Hendrick buggering Rosie vigorously.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" she cried as he reamed her ass with his German sausage.

I cast around for Zeta, she was nowhere to be seen.

I walked around the room, looking for her, then I noticed a group of people huddled together around a pile of cushions. I went over for a closer look.

Zeta was under them, practically hidden from view. A man of about fifty was suckling on her left nipple and a woman, probably in her twenties was suckling on her right. A woman was leaning over her head from above her and kissing her mouth. I could see a man on one side of her and a woman on the other kissing and nibbling on her rib cage.

She had her legs spread wide and a man was licking her cunt, I could hear slurping sounds as he drank from her semen filled vagina. A young man was kissing her foot and rubbing his hands up and down her lovely slim calf

A man knelt either side of the huddle and Zeta had reached out and taken a cock in each of her hands. She massaged the cocks slowly, almost absent-mindedly as she revelled in the attention being paid to her beautiful young body.

"Look at my little sister getting all the attention," said Gary from behind me, "she has been looking forward to this for weeks."

"Have you ever?"

"Fuck off! What do you take us for? Cousins, yes, but siblings no."

"What about the sisters?"

"Those three are special."

Rosie crawled over to us on her hands and knees, she looked tired.

"Fucking hell," was all she could manage to say as she collapsed onto the floor.

The men were pretty much empty and the orgy began to wind down. The group engaged in molesting Zeta broke up, giving her room to breath for the first time in about an hour. She looked completely satiated. The two men whose cocks she had been rubbing were finished off by two women who knelt next to them and wanked them off over Zeta's small breasts, then they spread the resultant mess all over her body.

People began to pick up their robes and put them back on. Hendrick came over to me.

"I believe you supply Gary, I have a friend who would like to buy some goods, would you be willing to supply him too?"

"I don't see why not, shall I call round tomorrow and give you my number?"

"Sure."

Gary waved to me to let me know he and the sisters were leaving, so I thanked Hendrick for his hospitality and looked for Rosie.

"I am staying here," she told me when I found her, lying on a sofa with her head on Zeta's lap, a young man was sitting at the other end of the sofa, nibbling her toes.

"Oh," was all I could think of to say.

Hendrick looked at me and smiled, I shrugged my shoulders and left the house.

The walk back to Gary's house was made in silence. Once we were back indoors the sisters went off to prepare for bed.

"Lucy wants you tonight," Gary said to me, "will you sleep with her?"

"Of course," I replied.

I went upstairs and she was waiting on the landing, she smiled and held out her hand, I took it and she led me into her room.

Fucking Lucy was a lot like fucking Lisa, they were so similar. She kissed like Lisa, she moaned when I licked her out like Lisa, she wetted my face with her juice just like Lisa.

After she had come, she knelt up on the bed and rolled me onto my back. She lowered her head, took my cock in her mouth and began to suck me off. I lay there motionless, letting the sensation of having this lovely young woman bring me off with her mouth transport me to somewhere special. 

I felt it coming, the semen making it's way up my cock. I let out a moan as it left my body and filled her mouth. She swallowed each squirt as it hit her throat, loud gulping sounds coming from her, soft mews of pleasure coming from me.

She took her head away from me, knelt up, looked at me and wiped her mouth with her hand.

"Nice?" she asked.

I just smiled and nodded my head.

We got under the duvet, I put my arm around her, gave her a hug and we went to sleep. I slept like a log.