 Rosie Morris awoke on the left hand side of Hendrick Mahle's big soft bed. She looked to her right to see Hendrick asleep on the other side of the bed and Zeta Smalls lying on her back in the middle. Rosie smiled and rolled onto her side, she put out her left hand and gently caressed Zeta's left breast.

The previous evening had been very intense, Rosie thought to herself. She had been soundly fucked and buggered by about five men and experienced double penetration for the first time. Rosie's vagina and anus were still a bit sore from what had been done to her.

Zeta Smalls began to stir as she felt a hand on her boob, the sensation of another person's touch on her body excited her greatly. She remembered the previous evening when both men and women had touched her body, kissed her body, licked her body and penetrated her body.

Zeta opened her eyes and turned her head to her left, she saw the woman named Rosie and smiled at her, Rosie smiled back. Zeta rolled onto her side to face Rosie and Rosie did likewise, the two women shuffled together and their lips met, both of them becoming aroused as they kissed.

Hendrick Mahle was awoken by the soft mewing sound made by Zeta as Rosie began to kiss her body, he rolled onto his left to see his beautiful Zeta with her back to him. He moved close to her and began to kiss her shoulder blades.

Zeta felt the kisses on her back and reached behind her, she found Hendrick's semi-hard cock and began to rub it gently. Hendrick let out a sigh as he felt her touch. Rosie heard him and looked up.

"She is so lovely," she said to him over Zeta's shoulder.

"So lovely you could eat her," he smiled, "why don't you eat her?"

Rosie took the hint, pulled the duvet off the bed, and rolled Zeta onto her back. Then she shuffled down and started to kiss Zeta on her soft blonde pubic bush, Zeta responded by opening her legs for her. Rosie got down between the girl's legs and began to lick her soft, eighteen-year-old pussy.

"Aaaah," Zeta sighed as she felt the other woman's tongue on her sex.

"Do you like that?" asked Hendrick.

"Mmmm, it's lovely," the girl responded.

Rosie licked her clitoris, pressing it with the tip of her tongue, eliciting little squeaks of delight from the girl. Rosie had not licked pussy since she had slept with another girl back in college, but she knew exactly what to do and it all came quite naturally to her.

"Oh yes!," cried Zeta, "oh yes! I'm on my way, oh yes!"

Her body shook and her legs twitched as she came and her cute little pussy squirted a small amount of fluid, wetting Rosie's face.

"Is she ready for me now?" asked Hendrick.

Rosie looked up from the girl's cunt and nodded to him.

"Do you want cock?" he asked her, over her shoulder.

"I want your cock, Hendrick," she replied, "only your cock."

Hendrick rolled her so she was facing away from him, took hold of her by her slim waist and pulled her back towards him. Zeta stuck her bottom out, presenting herself to him. Hendrick slowly slid his stiff cock inside the girl's hot wet cunt.

"Ooooh Hendrick," she sighed, "your cock feels so nice inside me."

Hendrick began to gently fuck the girl, enjoying every second of his time inside her. Rosie got up close to her and began to kiss her small breasts, making her nipples stand out like little pink peanuts. Zeta put her right arm around Rosie and hugged her to her.

Hendrick's thrusts became more hurried as he began to get closer to the end, he was unable to stop himself fucking Zeta harder and quicker. She pushed back against him as she felt his meat pounding in and out of her, stimulating her, bringing her to climax.

"Mein Gott!" he cried out as he felt his seed leave his body and enter hers, jets of his thick creamy semen filling her insides.

"Oh Hendrick!" she shouted as she felt her pussy contract, pulses coursing through her body.

"Oh wow," whispered Rosie as she watched the two of them have orgasms.

Hendrick lay still, his softening cock still lodged inside the girl. Zeta lay panting, her orgasm fading but still having little contractions. Rosie was aroused, she put her hand down and felt that she was dripping wet. 

Hendrick pulled out of Zeta and looked over her shoulder at Rosie, he could see that the young woman wanted attention. 

"Perhaps you would like to do to Rosie what she did to you," he whispered in Zeta's ear.

"Will you tell me what to do?" the girl asked Rosie.

Rosie smiled at her and nodded.

Zeta slid down the bed and Rosie rolled onto her back and opened her legs. Zeta put her head down and began to kiss Rosie's labia. Rosie reached down and pulled her lips apart to allow Zeta's tongue to get inside her.

"Mmm," she murmured, "lick me up and down, poke your tongue in me, work your way up to my clit."

The girl did as she was told and stimulated Rosie's pussy, making it even wetter than it already was. Hendrick watched, entranced by the scene.

"Yes, that's right," whispered Rosie, "just there, yes, mmmm."

Zeta used her tongue on Rosie to good effect and after a couple of minutes the Adele lookalike let out a long low moan of ecstasy as she had an intense orgasm.

"Oh fucking hell!" she cried as she came, "Oh my good God!."

Zeta got her head out of the way as Rosie writhed around on the bed as if having a fit.

"I think she enjoyed that," laughed Hendrick as he watched Rosie come.

Zeta crawled back up the bed, pushed Hendrick onto his back and climbed on top of him. She looked into his eyes and smiled at him.

"Hendrick?" she said to him.

"Yes?"

"When you said you would give me anything I wanted if I gave myself to you, did you mean it?"

"Yes, my love, I meant it."

"Well, I want Rosie to live here with us."

"Do you think she would want to live here with us?"

"Yes," put in Rosie, "she would very much like to live here with you."

Hendrick and Zeta looked over at Rosie and smiled at her, she smiled back.

And so it was agreed that Rosie would become Hendrick Mahle's housekeeper at his manor house in Dane's forest.