 I drove back to Barstow alone that morning, having been informed that Rosie was staying with Hendrick and Zeta. She was giving up her job as a nursing sister and her flat in Barstow and moving to the manor house. I had been asked to organise the moving of her possessions to her new home. I felt sad at losing her, but at the same time a little relieved at having one less woman to juggle with in my hectic love life.

I delivered the bag of money to Reggie and took my payment, he told me to await further instructions and I left the unit and went home to Cloughton.

My house was a hive of activity, workmen and women were carrying materials up to the top floor where they were modernising one room and adding an en-suite. I went to Sean's room and waited, once there was no one about I removed my ring and went to Phil's room.

"It's all going very well," said one of the workmen to me when I looked in to see how much progress there was.

"When will it be ready?" I asked.

"We will have the bathroom finished today and then it's just the paper and painting in the bedroom."

"Excellent, and thanks for being so quick."

I left them to it and went out to pay someone a visit.

Yusuf Alfarsi was standing behind the counter in his shop when I walked in. A well built, handsome man in his early forties, he had arrived in Britain ten years previously from Iraq and opened his convenience store, where he did quite well, according to his accounts.

"Good morning sir," he said to me in greeting, "is there anything I can do for you?"

"I am a friend of your daughter, Tibah and I would like to talk to you about her," I replied.

"I suppose that woman sent you," he said, sounding a little annoyed.

"No, who do you mean?"

"Sarah Lewis from my accountants, she wants me to call off the wedding."

I was not surprised that Sarah had tried to intervene on Tibah's behalf, she had taken the girl under her wing so to speak and was obviously concerned at her plight.

"Why does the girl have to marry someone she does not love?"

"I owe a debt of honour to someone and he wants her to marry his son, so she will marry the boy. That is all there is to say."

"I am sorry to bother you Mr. Alfarsi, I shall not do it again," I said as I turned on my heel and left the store.

I spent the rest of the day shopping for furniture and by the time I got back home it was getting late. I went upstairs and looked in on the work in progress, it was virtually finished. The workmen were packing up their tools and clearing out.

"Decorators in tomorrow," said John, the electrician, "then it's all done."

"I shall send you a cheque in the post," I told him as he walked out of my house.

I decided to spend the evening relaxing. Anka was away in Poland, so I had the house to myself.

I woke up at the usual time the next morning, got out of bed, washed, dressed and went down for breakfast. I was just finishing my toast when the door bell rang. I opened the door to see a young woman dressed in dungarees and t-shirt standing on my doorstep. Her resemblance to the actress Anne Hathaway was uncanny.

"Good morning," she said, cheerily, "I'm Claire and I've come to decorate your bedroom."

"Please come in," I responded, "the room is at the top of the house, first door on the right."

Claire made her way past me and up the stairs.

"Make yourself at home," I called out after her, "the kitchen is down here, you can make yourself a coffee if you want, I'm off to work."

"O.k., bye," she called back.

I walked to work slowly, thinking about the pretty woman in my house preparing the room for my new lodger.

Debby had plenty for me to do that morning, but I worked my way through it and convinced her to let me have the afternoon off. At about twelve-thirty I left the office and walked briskly home. I went inside, went up to my room, changed my clothes and put on my ring.

I went upstairs but she was not there. I guessed she might be on her lunch break so I went down to the kitchen.

I entered the kitchen and noticed that the back door was open, so I walked out into the garden. She was sitting on the garden bench, facing away from me. I could smell the pungent aroma of a joint wafting towards the house. I crept up behind her.

"Having a crafty toot?" I whispered.

"Ooh!" she exclaimed, surprised that she was not alone.

She turned her head to look at whoever was behind her and was greeted by me, smiling broadly. I put out my hand.

"Hello, I'm Marcus," I said to her, "who are you?"

"Claire," she replied, "I am decorating a room at the top of the house."

She put down the mug of coffee she was holding and shook my hand. She smiled at me.

"You like the wacky baccy then," I said to her.

"It relaxes me," she replied.

"I expect you will want something to eat in a minute, shall I make us some lunch?"

"That would be nice."

"I'll call you when it's ready."

I went back into the kitchen and prepared a salad nicoise, pausing from time to time to look at her. She was a very attractive woman and I could feel my balls tingle every time I looked.

I called her in and she appeared in the kitchen looking a bit hungry. I placed the plate of food on the table and she sat and began to eat. I sat opposite her and began my meal too.

"This is really good," she said to me as she ate.

"How about a nice glass of chilled Chablis to go with it?" I asked her.

"Should we?"

"Why not."

"Oh, go on then."

I got up, went to the fridge and took a bottle out. I uncorked it and poured two glasses of the dry wine. I put one down in front of her and raised mine.

"Here's to new friends," I said.

"New friends," she replied as she raised her glass.

We ate the food and drank the wine and she told me about her decorating business which she had started a year or so before. Apart from the fact that I was Phil's lodger, I told her as little about me as I could. She liked to talk and I like to listen, so it went quite well.

"You know you have ruined any chance I had of finishing the decorating, giving me this wine," she told me.

"Well, you can't drive your van home for a while, so what shall we do?"

She looked me in the eye and mouthed the word `fuck`. I nearly came on the spot!

"Which is your room?" she asked.

I stood up from the table and put out my hand, she stood up and took it. I led her up the stairs to my room on the second floor.

She walked into my room and went straight over to the bed. She turned to face me and fell backwards onto it, bouncing slightly on it's soft mattress. I closed the door behind me and went over to her. I reached down and unlaced her sneakers as she unclipped the bib of her dungarees. I pulled her sneakers off to see she was wearing white ankle socks. I decided to leave those on her. She raised her left foot, indicating to me that she wanted me to pull her dungarees down.

I took hold of the leg of her dungarees and pulled, she shuffled on the bed, raising her bum to allow the garment to move down. She offered me her other foot, I pulled the other leg down and the denim workwear was soon lying on my bedroom floor. She pulled her t-shirt off over her head and I was left looking at a beautiful slim woman in her white bra, panties and little white ankle socks.

I undressed hurriedly as she lay there watching. She smiled as she saw my erect penis released from the confines of my underpants. She took hold of her panties and pulled them down over her legs and off. I swallowed as I took in the sight of her lovely brown bush.

I stood at the bottom of the bed and leaned forward. She spread her legs wide and I put my hands, palms down on the bed between them, then I lowered myself down until my mouth was touching her pussy. I poked my tongue out and began to lick her, she let out a moan of pleasure as she felt the cunnilingus begin.

I spent ten minutes or so eating her out, building her orgasm a bit at a time, bringing her to climax. She let out a grunt and her body convulsed as she reached the peak, I felt her juice flow over my tongue as her legs shook and her fingers gripped the duvet under her.

"Oh fuck!" she cried, "oh fuck!"

I wiped her juice from my mouth with my hand and smiled at her. I stood up, went to my bedside cabinet and retrieved a condom. She smiled at me as I put it on.

"Mmmmm," she murmured as I slid my stiff cock inside her, her legs spread wide apart.

"Oh yes!" I cried aloud as I felt her encompass my cock.

I fucked her with quick thrusts, bringing myself off within a couple of minutes. I let out a moan as I felt my seed fill the condom. She was breathing heavily, approaching her climax.

I rolled off of her and lay next to her, panting. She lay still on the bed, reached over and took hold of my hand. She placed my hand on her bush.

"Finish me off, rub my clit," she said to me.

I rolled onto my side and leaned on one elbow. I wriggled the two middle fingers of my right hand in between her cunt lips, located her stiff little clitoris and began to rub it with a circular motion.

"Oh yes, that's nice," she whispered, wriggling her hips and pointing her toes as she approached fulfillment.

I watched her as she came, eyes closed, a look of absolute concentration on her face. She let out a grunt and a little cry, her legs twitched and her body shook as she had what seemed like a very nice orgasm.

"Mmmm, thanks Marcus," she said, opening her eyes and smiling at me.

"My pleasure," I replied.

I got up and went to my en-suite to dispose of the condom. I could not help looking in the mirror and smiling at my reflection.

She had removed her bra and socks by the time I went back to the bedroom and I stared at her lovely firm good sized breasts.

"Don't stare," she said, putting her hands over them.

"I'm sorry," I said, "but you are beautiful."

I climbed onto the bed and leaned over her. I took hold of her left hand and pulled it out of the way. I put my lips to her left breast and kissed the nipple, then I did the same to her right. She put her hand on my shoulder and pulled me down onto her and I began to suckle on her teat.

"Mmmm, I love having my tits sucked," she whispered.

"Mmmmmm," was all I could mumble, my mouth clamped to her stiff little nip.

I suckled on each of her titties for about five minutes, rubbing my hand over her tummy and pubic hair as I did so. She rubbed my back and ruffled my hair whilst making little mewing sounds.

I stopped suckling and began to kiss her abdomen.

"I'm not going to come again, yet," she told me, "and I want to go to the toilet."

I stopped kissing her lovely soft skin and let her get up. I watched the roll of her lovely ass as she walked away from the bed and into my en-suite. She left the door open and I listened to her pissing, I loved that sound!

We both climbed under my duvet and I cuddled her, squeezing her tight, holding her close to me. We drifted off to sleep for a couple of hours.

"Stay the night," I said to her when we awoke.

"What about your landlord?" she asked, "does he allow visitors in the rooms?"

"Oh he won't be home again tonight, that you can be absolutely sure of," I laughed.

She gave me a quizzical look, shrugged her shoulders slightly and settled back down in my arms.

I made a nice evening meal of fish and potatoes and we had another bottle of wine. We settled down on the sofa, watched some T.V. and at about ten I took her back up to my bed.

"Use your tongue on me again," she told me once we were in bed.

I slid down under the duvet as she spread her legs. I got my head down and began to work on her as I had done earlier that day. She came like before, making my face wet with her juice, just like before.

"Would you like me to suck you off this time?" she asked as I came up for air.

"Yes, that would be nice," I replied.

Claire got under the duvet this time, knelt beside me, leaned down and took my erect penis in her mouth. She started to suck gently on my cock whilst softly scratching my balls with her finger nails. I closed my eyes and let the sensation wash over me.

After a few minutes I felt my seed rising and I decided to be a gentleman and warn her.

"I'm gonna come," I told her.

"Good boy," she said as she took her mouth away and used her hand to continue with the stimulation of my cock, "Some of them just shoot off in your mouth without warning."

She pulled the duvet away and smiled at me as she wanked me off.

"Oooooh!" I cried aloud as my cock erupted, sending jets of the hot sticky liquid up in the air and landing on my stomach.

"It's running down my hand," she laughed as the last few weak squirts dribbled my spunk out.

She took her hand away and held it to her mouth, then she licked her hand clean. It was a very erotic sight to see this lovely young woman licking my semen from her fingers. I wiped the mess from my abdomen with a tissue from the box on my bedside cabinet.

She pulled the duvet back over us and settled into my arms. We kissed softly and went to sleep. I slept like a log.

We both woke early and got straight up. As much as I wanted to fuck her that morning, I knew that I should really get to work and she was keen to finish the decorating. Claire used the shower first and although I would have liked to join her, I left her alone.

I made us breakfast and told her that I had to go to work. We kissed and I left.

Once I was sure she was up on the top floor I snuck back in and changed. Phil went up to check on progress.

"Nearly done?" I asked.

"Yes," she replied, "it has taken a bit longer than I expected, but I will finish by lunchtime."

"I hope there were no unwelcome interruptions."

"Oh no, none at all."

The smile on her face when she answered me spoke volumes! I left my house with a huge grin on my face.

Debby had plenty for me to do as usual. At lunchtime I called in at Sarah's office.

"You went to see Alfarsi," I said to her, "so did I."

"Did you know he is sending her back to Iraq next year to get married to a complete stranger?"

"Do you know anything about this boy?"

"Apparently his family name is Zaman and they have a lot of influence. Alfarsi is indebted to them and Tibah is being given away to settle the debt."

My heart started to beat faster at the sound of the name Zaman. A sort of plan was forming in my head.

"Try and reassure her Sarah, don't let her give up hope. Can I have her phone number and I will do the same."

Sarah gave me Tibah's number, she knew that I was a harmless old man with good intentions.

I went back to work and Debby worked me hard that afternoon.

"Dennis keeps harping on about you taking him back up to Dodley to see Les Wool," she told me, "I cannot see why he can't sort out their accounts from here."

"I expect he needs to see something he can't get over the internet," I chuckled in reply.

Debby gave me a funny look, then carried on with her work. The plan began to evolve.

"So, shall I take him then?"

"Take who where?"

"Dennis, to Dodley."

"Oh, I suppose, if he must go there, you might as well take him."

"So when?"

"I don't bloody know Phil!" she said, sounding exasperated, "go and ask him yourself!"

Debby wasn't getting it, and I knew who she wanted to get it from. Maybe Marcus should give the poor girl what she needs, I thought to myself.

"O.k. I will," I said to her, "and then can I go home?"

"Yes, yes, you go, I'll stay on here after everybody else has gone like I have to do every bloody evening!"

"Bye then."

"Yes, bye," she said, waving me away dismissively.

I went to Dennis Hunt's office, knocked on the door and poked my head in.

"Looks like we're on for Dodley," I said to him, "is she back from Ibiza?"

"Yes!" he said excitedly, "and she wants to go out on a date, a proper date!"

"So, no sex then."

"I don't care Phil, I just want to see her again."

"Silly sod," I said, shaking my head.

"I shall phone Les in the morning and tell him we are on our way, is that o.k. with you?"

"Get Debby to book the hotel, will you, I'm off home."

Dennis looked like an excited schoolboy when I left his office that afternoon.

At about six that evening I walked in through the front door of LKJ accountants as Marcus Wicks. Kaz was just packing up her bag, ready to leave.

"Oh hello," she said to me, "I'm sorry but we are closed for the day."

"It's o.k.," I replied, "I'm here to see Debby. I'm Marcus, her boyfriend."

"Oh, well she kept you quiet," Kaz said in a surprised voice, "she's in her office. I shall lock the door behind me so she will have to let you out."

"O.k., bye Kaz."

I winced a soon as I said her name, how did I know it?

"Er, bye Marcus," she said with a slight frown on her face, then she probably realised that Debby had told me who had taken over her job at the front desk.

I waved goodbye to her as she locked the door and walked away.

Debby was sitting in our office engrossed in planning the meetings and appointments for the accountants when I stuck my head through the door.

"Hello," I said, "Is Sarah about?"

"Ooh!" she cried as she gave a little jump in her seat, "you made me jump! What are you doing here?"

"Looking for Sarah, to give her these," I replied, showing her the bunch of roses I was carrying.

"Well she's not here," Debby pouted, "so you're wasting your time."

"That's a shame," I said, "I was hoping to surprise her with the flowers and the Champagne."

I brought my other hand into view. I was clutching a bottle of Pierre Peters. Debby looked jealous of my thoughtful gesture towards Sarah.

"Anyway, I thought she had dumped you."

"I thought I might try and win her back."

"Wouldn't you like someone more your own age?"

"Age isn't everything, it's how old you feel, not how old you are that counts."

"Well, she likes Matt, her new boyfriend, so you shouldn't try and upset their relationship."

"Would you like a glass?" I asked, proffering the bottle, "I mean, now I'm here and all."

"I don't have any glasses, but I do have some plastic cups."

"Come on then, let's have a cup of fizz together."

I walked into the office, placed the bunch of roses on my desk at the side of the room and opened the bottle of fizzy wine. Debby produced two little plastic cups and I poured us each a drink.

"Cheers," I said as I downed mine.

"Cheers," she replied as she sipped hers.

"Makes a change from meeting in the gym," I said.

"Yes," she replied.

I looked into her eyes, she stared back at me. I am not an intuitive man by any means but the look in her eyes said that if I did not kiss her there and then she would probably pick up a paper knife and stab me through the heart. So I kissed her.

I leaned forward and put my lips to hers, she threw her cup away, put her hand behind my head and pulled our mouths together. Her tongue invaded my mouth, wriggling around, learning every inch of it, fighting with my tongue. She was on fire!

I pulled away from her, grabbed hold of her shirt and tore it open. Buttons flew from it and went everywhere. She tried to do the same to me but was not quite so successful.

"Is this what you want?" I asked as I grabbed my shirt and tore it off my body.

"Yes," she replied huskily, "yes it is."

She put her mouth to my chest and began to plant little kisses on it, her hands rubbing my sides. I stood still and let her do as she would to me. She squatted down as her kisses got lower, her hands began to fumble with my trousers, I unbuckled my belt and undid the waist band as she unzipped my fly and pulled my trousers down to my knees.

I stood still, arms at my sides as she pulled my underpants down and my stiff cock sprang out in front of her face. She opened her mouth and took it in, then she started to suck it. She lifted her eyes to look at me as she sucked me, it was as if she was looking for a sign of approval.
