 There was a message for me on Marcus' phone, it was from Reggie telling me to be at the unit first thing. I went to my room, set my alarm and went to bed. I slept like a log.

The alarm woke me at six, I had decided to get across town before the traffic built up. I put on my ring, got dressed and left my house. I drove the BMW to the unit and waited for Reggie to arrive.

He turned up just after seven and saw me waiting. He seemed pleased at my early arrival.

"The people in the midlands want more of me weed," he told me, "you can take some to them today for me."

"Is Brandon coming with me, like before?"

"No man, you can go alone, you o.k. with that?"

"Sure Reggie, the guy seems to be trustworthy."

He handed me a package, it was not as big as the one we had delivered before.

"Tell him is all I got for him, but more will be comin' soon."

"Does he know how much to pay?"

"Yeah man, is all settled, you just pick up the payment and bring it back tomorrow."

I took the package and left the unit, now I had to decided how to play this situation out.

I went home, took off my ring and went to work.

Debby was pleased to see me when I went into our office.

"Good morning Phil," she said in a happy voice, "Dennis will be here in a moment for you to take him to Dodley. I have booked the same hotel for you as before, separate rooms this time."

"You're very cheerful," I said to her as I looked at the small stain on the carpet in front of her desk.

"Well, it's a nice summer day and my workload seems to be easing a bit," she replied.

Whilst I waited for Dennis, I cast my eyes around looking for the buttons that I had torn from Debby's shirt the previous evening, but it looked as if she had already picked them up.

Dennis turned up just after eight, he looked quite excited. Debby asked him if he had everything he needed and then she sent us off, just like our mums would have sent us off to school in the morning.

"I have to pop home for a moment," I told Dennis, "I don't feel too good. I will have to take something."

"I hope you are o.k.," he responded, looking very worried, "we can't miss this trip."

"God," I thought to myself, "he's bloody infatuated. He is in denial, he refuses to accept that she is a whore."

I drove home, jumped out of the car and ran into my house. I dashed up the stairs, put on my ring, changed my clothes and picked up the package. I left my house as Marcus and went to the car.

"Phil's not at all well," I said as I opened the door and got in the driver's seat, "he said you were desperate to get to Dodley so I volunteered to drive you. I'm Marcus by the way, I lodge with Phil."

"Er, o.k.," replied Dennis, sounding a little worried, "as long as you are happy to do that for us."

"No problem," I said, holding up the package, "I was going there anyway."

I drove the Audi out of my drive and off towards the motorway. Things were working out quite well.

"I have met you before," Dennis said to me after a short while, "you were there at Sarah's birthday drinks. Only you told us your name was Sean."

"Long story," I replied, "but my name really is Marcus."

"How old are you?"

That question made me think, it was my birthday soon, according to my passport, that would be interesting!

"Nearly twenty-six," I replied, "how about you?"

"Nearly twenty-nine."

We drove on with Dennis doing a little bit of work on his laptop and quizzing me about my situation. I tried to be as vague as I could.

"So, why are you going to Dodley?" he asked me.

"I have some goods to deliver."

"What sort of thing do you do for work?"

"Wholesale jewellery supplies," I lied, "but please don't tell anyone, the risk of being robbed is very high in my business."

"No, of course, I won't tell a soul."

This was going really well!

We arrived at Armitage at about eleven, I dropped Dennis off and told him I would be back in an hour or so. He seemed happy enough with that.

The meeting with Zamir was quick and uneventful, I managed to capture the whole thing on my phone.

I picked Dennis up at about twelve-thirty and we went to meet Trudi at a bistro in the town. Dennis was getting very excited at the prospect of seeing her. When we arrived at the bistro she was already there, accompanied by another woman, probably in her forties, who looked quite a bit like Charlize Theron.

"Here he is Christie," Trudi said as we walked in, "isn't he lovely?"

"He is," the woman named Christie replied, "and his friend is cute too."

Dennis leaned down and kissed Trudi on the cheek. She looked at me quizzically.

"So you two know each other?" she asked, and then, "of course, you know Phil, don't you Marcus."

"Yes," I replied, "I am his lodger."

"So you two know each other," said Dennis.

"We've met," said Trudi, "but he doesn't know me as well as you do, Dennis."

"But we're going to put that right this afternoon," laughed Christie.

Dennis and I looked a bit puzzled at her comment.

We ate a light lunch of salad and fish, the girls chatted about shoes and holidays and asked Dennis about himself and how long it would take him to become a partner in the firm.

I owned up to being in the jewellery business, but kept as quiet as I could. All in all, it was a very pleasant lunch date with two very attractive mature women. Dennis settled the bill with the company credit card.

"Before we go on our date tonight Den," said Trudi, "Christie and I have a little treat for you boys. We're going to be in a film. Come on, let's go."

With that, the two women got up from their seats and led us out of the bistro. 

"Where's your car?" asked Trudi.

I led them to the car which I had parked just a few yards down the road, we all got in and Christie directed me the few miles to our destination, a smallish modern detached house in a suburb of Dodley.

Christie rang the doorbell and the door was opened by a woman in her thirties, holding a video camera.

"Hello ladies," she said, "and you have some more gentlemen with you, I see. Come on in and we will get started."

We all went into the living room where four men were sitting and another young woman holding a video camera was talking to them.

"Right then," said the first woman," I am Anne and my colleague is Fran. The ladies taking part in the film are Trudi and Christie." 

"What are your names boys?" Fran asked, looking at me and Dennis.

"Hi, I'm Dennis," he said.

"And I'm Marcus," I said.

The four men, all in their twenties, introduced themselves as Trev, Roy, Jim and Ken.

"O.k.," said Anne, "do you all have your medical papers?"

The four others produced slips of paper which Anne scrutinized.

"Dennis and Marcus aren't in the business," said Trudi, "so they don't have papers."

"O.k.," said Anne, "we'll just use them for tit-wanks and facials."

Dennis and I looked at each other and smiled, the penny had dropped, it was porn.

"Dennis can penetrate me, I don't mind," said Trudi.

"O.k.," said Fran, "but he will have to go last, we don't want to put the others at risk."

It was all so matter of fact, it was unsettling.

"So the idea is," said Anne, "Trudi and Christie are two milfs who have you guys round for sex. You come in the house, take off your clothes and fuck them. Fran and I will direct you."

"What about dialogue?" I asked.

"We will add that at post-production, so don't worry about what you say," Fran answered, "the most important thing is that you let us know when you are about to come, so we can get a good shot of it."

Me, Dennis and the other four stood outside and Trudi opened the door, dressed in a blouse and skirt. We all trooped into the living room to see Christie sitting on the sofa in a silk dressing gown painting her toenails. She looked up and smiled when she saw us and beckoned Trev and Roy over to sit either side of her. Trudi immediately started to kiss Jim, who put his hand up her skirt. Fran got down on the floor to get an upskirt shot of him fingering her through her panties.

The other three of us stripped off our clothes and stood, waiting for instruction, we all had hard-ons.

Trev and Roy had pulled Christie's gown open and were munching on her tits, I got on my knees as she spread her legs, put my mouth to her cunt and began to eat her out. 

"Oh fuck!" she moaned, "that feels nice."

Anne got down next to me and got a close-up shot of me licking cunt, then she told me to get out of the way and called Ken over to fuck Christie whilst she wanked me off over her tits. Trev and Roy got up and stripped off, ready for their next instruction.

Ken started to fuck Christie with short quick thrusts while I stood on the sofa next to her and she had my cock in her hand. 

"Oh yes!" she cried, "your cock feels nice inside me."

"You are a dirty old slut, aren't you?" Ken told her, "you love a bit of cock."

She began to wank me a bit faster as she became more aroused by the fucking she was getting. Her hand moved faster and she gripped my cock tighter. I could feel it happening.

"I'm going to come," I said to Anne.

She moved closer to Christie and pointed the camera at my cock.

"Mmmmmph!" I grunted as my spunk flew out of me and landed on Christie's tits.

"Lovely," said Anne as she filmed my sticky mess coating Christie's breasts.

"Oh shit!" cried Ken as he pulled out of her cunt and shot off all over her bush.

"O.k., got it!" cried Fran as she recorded his ejaculation with her camera.

"Trev," said Anne, "you can fuck her now, get inside her and give her a good fucking, come inside her and we can get a shot of your spunk running out of her."

Trev did as he was told, he got between the whore's legs and shoved his meat inside her. She moaned out loud as she was given a really good fucking by the young man.

"Bloody hell!" she cried, "I'm gonna come!"

She arched her back, threw her head back and let out a squeal of pure pleasure as she had an orgasm.

"Oh God!" shouted Trev as we watched them, "I'm coming too!"

He stopped thrusting and gave a grunt, it was obvious that he was pumping his load inside her.

"Right," said Anne, "pull out carefully and I will get a close-up of your mess dribbling out of her."

Trev did as ordered and Anne got her close-up, I could see a stream of spunk running out of her cunt and down between her ass cheeks.

"Dennis," said Fran, "get on the floor. Trudi, you kneel over him and put his cock in you. Jim you get behind her and stick yours in her ass."

Dennis lay down and Trudi squatted over him. She dropped onto her knees and leaned forward. She reached between her thighs, took his cock in her hand and positioned it at her slit, then she wriggled a bit and it disappeared inside her. I could see the look on her face as she stared into Dennis's eyes, it was almost apologetic. Dennis stared back at her, his was a look of pure lust.

Jim knelt behind Trudi and applied some lube to her ass hole. He wriggled two fingers up her ass to get her loosened up a bit, then he squatted behind her and began to feed his stiff cock into her.

"Oh fuck, I can feel that!" she said with a grimace on her face.

"Shall I stop?" Jim asked.

"Don't you bloody dare!" exclaimed Fran, "this is the highlight of the bloody film!"

Jim worked all of his cock up her and began to thrust gently.

"Push upwards Dennis," Anne told him, "I want to see both of you fucking her at the same time."

Dennis did as he was told and began to thrust upwards. Being a young, fit man he was able to almost lift her off the floor with his thrusting. With Jim pushing her back down with his thrusting she looked like she was being thrown around.

"Oh-my-fucking-Christ!" she cried as she received the most rigorous fucking in both holes, "oh-my-fucking-Christ!"

"I'm coming!" shouted Jim as he pulled out of her.

Anne got up close and recorded him shooting a huge load over Trudi's back, then she told Dennis to stop and got Christie to lick it off.

"Dennis," Fran said, "get up and you can finish her off doggy style."

Trudi stayed on her hands and knees and Dennis shoved his not inconsiderable cock into her hot, wet cunt, then he began to give her a good fucking as instructed by Anne.

"Here it comes," he told her as he pulled out and spent himself all over her back, just like Jim had.

Christie licked his spunk from Trudi's back, just as she had done with Jim's.

"Well done Trudi!" said Fran, "good work!"

Trudi rolled onto her back and lay on the floor, panting. Dennis knelt next to her and stroked her hair, a look of love on his face.

We all sat around naked for a while and got our breath back. Fran went to the kitchen and made us all a coffee.

"Right lads," said Anne after about half an hour had passed, "do you think you could manage to come again?"

We all nodded our assent.

"To finish, the girls will lay on the floor next to each other and you all have to wank over their bodies, o.k.?" said Fran.

So we did. Trudi and Christie received six loads of thick white creamy spunk all over their tummies, tits and faces.

"It's a wrap!" called Anne and we all gave the girls a round of applause and began to get dressed.

Trudi and Christie went to the bathroom to clean themselves up. 

I drove the four of us to the hotel where Dennis and I were staying. We went to the bar and I got a round of drinks in.

"Did you like your surprise?" Trudi asked Dennis.

"Well, it was certainly different," he answered, "but yes, I did enjoy it, especially the bit where I fucked you."

"How was it for you, Marcus?" Christie asked me.

"I loved it!" I answered, a big grin on my face.

Dennis had booked a table at a very nice restaurant nearby and after he had been to his room to change he led Trudi out of the hotel to a waiting taxi.

"Well, I'm off," Christie said to me, "maybe our paths will cross in the future."

"yes," I said in reply, "maybe they will."

I watched as she walked towards the front door her ass wiggling in the way I liked it.

I went to my room, removed my ring and went to bed. I slept like a log.