 I got back to Barstow at about ten that Monday night. As I stopped my car Marcus' phone rang. It was Roz.

"Hi Marcus," she said, "I hope it's not too late to call."

"No, it's fine, I have been waiting to hear from you."

"I was wondering if you could do me a favour?"

"I'll try."

"I'm at a bar and I have had a drink, so I can't drive, would you be a darling and pick me up?"

Ten minutes later I walked into 'Crucial', a bar on Victoria road to see Roz sat at a table with several women. They were all in their late thirties or early forties.

"Here's my ride," she said to them as she stood up from the table, "see you, bye."

Roz walked towards me, smiling. I noticed the envious looks on her friends' faces.

"Thanks so much for this," she said as she slid into the passenger seat of the BMW.

"You're very welcome," I replied as I shut the door and walked round to the driver's side.

"Home?" I asked as I started the car.

"How about a coffee at yours." she suggested in reply.

Fifteen minutes later Roz was sat at my kitchen table while I prepared two cups of coffee.

"Do you have a problem with fucking the daughter and the mother?" She asked me.

'Jesus!' I thought to myself, 'she doesn't mince her words!'

"Well, it's not as if Debby is my girlfriend or anything," I replied, trying to keep my voice steady, "we met up at the gym and things sort of went from there."

"You're fucking her though. I can tell. She seems so much more cheerful than she has been."

"I'm glad I have been good for her."

I put a cup of coffee on the table in front of her and Roz put her hand on mine. She looked into my eyes.

"You are so good looking," she said to me, "I have been thinking about you so much."

Just the touch of her hand made my cock stiffen in my underpants. I stared into her eyes, she had the most beautiful green eyes.

"I want to fuck you, right here, right now," I told her.

"Are we alone?" she asked.

"Yes," I replied.

I took the chance that Alison would not be coming down to the kitchen at this time of night, I wanted Roz so badly I could not delay any longer.

Roz stood up and turned to face me. I took her in my arms and kissed her passionately. Our mouths were clamped together, our tongues dancing around with each other. I gripped Roz by her shoulders and held her close to me. My erection was pressing against her tummy through the material of our clothes.

Roz pushed her hands in between us and began to unbutton my shirt, I released my grip and moved back a little to allow her to pull my shirt open. She put her hand on my smooth chest and began to rub it.

"Get your knickers off," I said to her.

Roz stopped rubbing my chest and moved away from me. She reached around and unzipped her skirt, pushed it down over her hips and wriggled it off. She took hold of her panties, pushed them down her lovely legs and stepped out of them. I gasped as I saw her beautiful thick black bush.

Roz hoisted herself onto the table and spread her legs. I fell to my knees, put my face to her cunt and stuck out my tongue. I licked her outer lips, then I pushed the tip of my tongue in between them, it immediately became very wet.

"Oh fucking hell," she murmured as she felt my tongue working on her sex.

I licked her out, moving my tongue in a sort of circular motion, stimulating the sides of her cunt, opening it up.

"No wonder she likes you," Roz said as I ate her.

I got my tongue on her clitoris, licking it and rubbing it, her juice ran out of her like a river.

"Stick your cock in me," she ordered me.

I stood, opened my fly and took my stiff cock out. I got between her outspread legs and held it to her sopping wet hole, then I buried it inside her in one movement.

"Oh yes!" she cried as it went in her, "I've been waiting for this."

She felt tight, tight and wet, just like her daughter. I leaned forward and we kissed as I thrust my cock in and out, her arms around me, her legs dangling off the table.

I built up speed, my thrusts became frantic as I felt myself approaching my climax. Roz was making little muffled screaming noises as she was obviously doing the same.

Then I came. The feeling was fantastic! My spunk let my body in a series of short squirts which was a feeling I enjoyed so much. Roz was coming too, I could feel her cunt walls squeezing my cock shaft in a series of little spasms.

I stood still, my cock buried inside her whilst she finished coming, I love the feeling of a woman's cunt pulsating in climax on my cock. Once her orgasm had subsided I pulled out of her.

"Oh Marcus, that was lovely," she told me, "can you pass me some of that kitchen roll?"

I went to the work surface next to the kitchen sink, tore a couple of sheets off the roll and took them back to her. 

"Thanks," she said as she took them from me and stuffed them between her legs, "that should keep me from dripping all over the floor."

I picked up her panties, held them to my face and inhaled deeply.

"Oh you rude boy!" she said in mock horror, "what do you think you're doing?"

"I want to remember your scent," I told her, "your lovely smell, so I can sniff you out whenever I want you."

"Just use the phone whenever you want me," she laughed.

I picked up her skirt and held out my hand, she took it and I led her upstairs to Marcus' room where we slept together, wrapped in each other's arms. I slept like a log.

I woke at seven as usual. I still had my arm around Roz who was still asleep. I rubbed her left breast gently, making the nipple harden, she moaned softly in her sleep. I moved my hand across and did the same to her right breast, she moaned a little more. I moved my hand down, over her tummy to her lovely bush where I searched out her slit, she wiggled her hips slightly and opened her legs a bit.

"Mmm, that's nice Tommy," she said in her sleep.

'Whoever Tommy is, he must do this to her,' I thought to myself as I located her clitoris and began to rub it gently with a circular motion.

After a minute or so her breathing became ragged and her legs began to twitch. She let out a series of little mewing sounds and screwed her eyes tight. Her mouth turned down at the corners and her brow furrowed, she was coming in her sleep.

I stopped rubbing her clitoris and let her lay there, coming in her dreams. I watched her, enjoying the sight of her, but at the same time wanting her to wake up and take my cock inside her.

"Were you touching me?" she asked drowsily as she slowly opened her eyes.

"Me? no, of course not. Why would I do such a thing?"

"You were, weren't you, I haven't had a wet dream for about ten years, you were touching me you perv."

"Was it a nice dream?"

"Yes."

"Can I fuck you now?"

"Yes."

I rolled on top of her and she opened her legs for me. I slipped my stiff cock inside her wet cunt and I fucked her. It didn't last long, watching her come in her sleep had aroused me to such a degree that it only took about thirty seconds before I spent myself in her, shooting my morning load, filling her up.

"You needed that," she told me, "it was over in a flash."

"Mmm," I replied, "I did."

I gave her a cuddle for ten minutes and then I got up and showered. While Roz had her shower I got dressed and went down to the kitchen to make breakfast.

"What time is it?" Roz asked as she entered my kitchen.

"Eight-twenty," I replied.

"Plenty of time then. I don't need to be at work until nine-thirty."

"Where is it you work again?"

"Casa Sophia, in the centre of town."

"Oh yes, I remember you chatting about it when I was at your house for dinner. You said you were looking for a waiter or waitress."

"Yes, we still are, do you know of anybody looking for a job."

"Can't say I do."

We breakfasted on cereal and coffee and Roz told me all about the Italian themed restaurant at which she was the chef. I stuck to being in the wholesale jewellery business which was a bit of a mistake.

"Could you get me some nice gold earrings?" she asked me, "at a nice price?"

"I'll see what I can do, " I replied.

I drove Roz back to where she had left her car and then I returned home.

On Thursday morning I returned to work at LKJ, where a quite excited Debby kept me very busy for the whole day. I went to the staff room for lunch where Dennis was talking to Jeff Hill.

"You don't know of anyone looking for part time staff, do you Phil?" Jeff asked me.

"Who's looking for work Jeff?" I replied.

"My little brother is home for the summer and he wants a job until he goes back to Uni in September."

"If he doesn't mind being a waiter, Casa Sophia in the centre of town has a vacancy. I saw a sign in the bar when I was there the other evening."

"What were you doing in a trendy place like that Phil? I thought you were more of a take-away and a night in front of the T.V. sort of guy."

"Variety is the spice of life Jeff, variety is the spice of life."

I caught Dennis' eye and he gave me a big smile.

I went to the gym on Thursday evening and saw Debby there. She took me back to the office and we showered together like we had previously.

"Can we go to your office?" I asked her as we dried ourselves, "I want to fuck you on your desk."

"Come on then," she said as she took my hand and led me out of the shower room.

We were naked as we walked to her office, we just had our towels to cover our modesty if anyone came in, but we were confident that no-one would.

We kissed passionately and rubbed our hands over each other's bodies for a minute, then I span her round and bent her over her desk.

"Oh Marcus!" she said to me in mock surprise, "what do you think you are doing?"

"That's Mr. Wicks to you, young lady. You need to be more respectful to your clients."

"Oh but I am sir, please don't be rough with me."

"You like it a bit rough though, don't you, you little slut."

I put my erect penis at her hole and pushed, she was wet with anticipation and it slid in easily.

"Oh fuck that feels nice Marcus," she whispered, "your cock feels so nice inside me."

"I am going to fuck you like you have never been fucked before," I told her as I started to ram my cock in and out of her.

"Come on then, 'Mr. Wicks', give me the fucking I deserve."

And I did.

"Oh fuck yes!" she cried aloud as I pounded her cunt with my meat, "get it right inside me, I want all you've got, all the way in!"

"You dirty bitch!" I cried, "I am going to fill you with my spunk!"

And I did.

"Oooooooh!" she moaned when she came, banging her fist on the desk, shaking her head from side to side.

"FUCK!" I shouted when I came, sending my load into her.

I emptied my balls inside her and then pulled out, a stream of semen and cunt juice flowed from her slit and dribbled onto the floor, just like it had on the first time we had fucked in our office, well, her's and Phil's office.

Debby stood up and walked around her desk. She sat in her swivel chair and looked at me.

"Well Mr. Wicks," she said with a wicked grin on her face, "would you like to clean my pussy?"

"Certainly Miss Jones," I replied, "where are the tissues?"

"There are no tissues, you will have to use your tongue."

I walked around the desk and Debby span her chair round a couple of times.

"I wonder if the centrifugal force will make it come out more easily," she said as she span the chair.

I knelt in front of her and she slid forward on the chair. She hooked her hands behind her knees and lifted her legs up and apart. I could see a stream of opaque liquid running out of her slit.

"Mmm, that's nice, Mr. Wicks," she murmured as I began to lick her slit.

The mixture of cunt juice and spunk tasted salty, but I quite liked it. I love the soft rubbery texture of a woman's labia and inner lips and I cleaned her out enthusiastically.

"Oh yes Mr. Wicks, lick there, just there, that's perfect," she said as I licked her clitoris.

"Oh fucking hell that's good Marcus," she said as she approached another orgasm.

"Oh sweet Jesus! Oh fuck! Oh my God!" she cried as she came.

She pulled her legs right up against her breasts and banged her head back against her chair as she had her orgasm. More clear liquid squirted from her slit, forming a little puddle on the seat.

I sat back and watched as she came down from her climax, she let go of her legs and her feet fell onto the floor. She looked at me and smiled.

"Thank you," she whispered.

"You're welcome," I replied.

We dressed and left the building. We kissed goodnight and went our separate ways home.

Debby was in a very good mood on Friday morning when I went into work, a very good mood.