 I got a message from Reggie to meet him at 'Brill', so I went there.

He was sitting at his usual table, drinking coffee as before.

"Good morning Marcus," he said in greeting, "please sit. Coffee?"

"Please."

Reggie looked towards the counter and Bea nodded in recognition of his request. She poured a coffee and brought it over.

"Hi Marcus," she said softly, "nice to see you again."

"It's very nice to see you too," I replied, "how's uncle Frank?"

"Very attentive."

"That's why I wanted to see you," said Reggie to me, "he wants to meet with you."

"Oh, do you know why?"

"No, sorry. He wants you to be at the burger van on the Meadows at twelve."

"I'll be there. Is it all going well?" I asked. 

"Yeah, all good," he replied, "I want to open up another grow house."

"I might know of a potential site, can you give me a few days?"

"Sure, let me know how you get on."

I finished my coffee and got up. I waved goodbye to Bea and walked away.

I parked my car not far from the burger van and walked towards it, Frank Shaw was already there, gnawing on a large greasy burger in a bun.

"Hi Marcus," he said through a mouthful of meat and bread, "thanks for coming. Burger?"

"Go on then," I replied, "I fancy an early heart attack."

Frank flicked two fingers at the guy in the van and he nodded in acknowledgement of the order. 

"Why did you want to see me?" I asked.

"I want you to do me a favour," he replied, wiping his mouth with his serviette, "I want you to fuck my wife."

"Well, you don't beat about the bush."

"You're a good-looking young fellow and she's a mature red-blooded woman, I reckon you two will hit it off straight away."

"You want her out of the way so you get more time with Bea."

"Oy, who's the detective round here?" Laughed Frank.

"Does she know about me?"

"Oh no, she doesn't fool around, you are going to have to seduce her. Call it a challenge, Frank's challenge."

"So, how do I get to meet her, have you got a picture so I can recognise her?"

Frank took out his wallet and pulled a picture out of it. He handed it to me.

"What do you think?" He asked.

I looked at the picture of his wife, she looked an awful lot like Cate Blanchett.

"Why would you want to cheat on her?" I asked, "she is beautiful."

"Because Bea is nineteen, Helen is forty-eight, and we have been married for nearly twenty years, does that answer your question?"

"How do I meet her?"

"Here's her card, perhaps you need some plans drawing up."

Frank handed me a business card. The card informed me that Helen Shaw was an architect. I put the card in my pocket.

"There's no hurry," Frank told me, "but don't let me down."

"I will do my best Frank," I told him.

Our burgers were done and Frank took them from the guy and handed me one, I bit into it, meat juice ran down my chin, it felt nice.

"I think we are going to be friends Marcus," Frank said to me, "and I'm a good friend to have."

"Thanks," I replied, "I won't let you down. So, how are you enjoying Bea?"

"She's fucking gorgeous. I haven't taken her up the ass yet, but I'm looking forward to it."

"Can I watch when you do?"

"You dirty little sod!" laughed Frank, "you would really like that, wouldn't you?"

"Perhaps I would."

Frank slapped me on the back and laughed out loud. I finished my burger, wiped my mouth with the serviette, put it in the bin and bade Frank 'au revoir'. My balls were tingling in anticipation of meeting the gorgeous Helen Shaw as I walked towards my car.

I drove home and changed. I went to work for the afternoon, I had not been in for a few days and I guessed that Debby might need some help.

"How's the gang?" I asked her as we worked.

"Everyone seems to be in a good mood," she replied, "I think Dennis is in love and I have never seen Jeff Hill smile so much."

"What about Sarah?"

"Very happy, I think."

"And you?"

"I'm o.k. Phil, how about you?"

"Couldn't be better Debby, couldn't be better."

That evening I paid Nina a visit.

"I was wondering if I would see you again," she said to me when she opened her front door to me, "you never phoned or texted."

"Hello Nina," I replied, "I'm sorry, I lost your number."

"Poor excuse. Anyway, come in."

She was wearing her legs. I followed her into the living room, noticing how unsteady she looked on them.

"I hate these bloody things," she said to me, "but Suzie says I have to persevere."

She flopped down on the sofa and I sat next to her. I looked into her beautiful blue eyes.

"You wanna fuck?" she said in a poor excuse for an American accent.

"Sure thing, baby," I replied in a similar way.

I undid her jeans and between us we got them off over her false legs. I undid the fastenings and gently took each false leg away. I kissed her stumps, it was almost like a ritual, kissing those stumps. 

"Use your tongue on me," she said as she pulled her panties down.

I pushed her stumps apart and put my face to her pussy. She gave a little sigh as I licked up and down her slit. I wriggled my tongue in between her cunt lips and poked it into her.

"I've been a good girl," she said to me as I licked her, "I've not been sleeping around nearly so much."

I wondered why she was telling me, was she hinting at something?

"Ooh yes," she murmured, "that's so nice. You are so good at this Sean."

The sound of that name made me stop, no-one had called me that for weeks.

"No, don't stop," she urged me, "I want you to make me come."

I got back to licking her out, her juice flowing over my tongue and into my mouth.

"Ooooh!" she cried after a couple of minutes, "I'm cummmmingg!"

She writhed around and moaned loudly as she came, emitting a little squirt of ejaculate which hit me on the chin. As soon as she relaxed I took my head away from her, knelt up, got my cock out and stuffed it into her warm wet cunt.

"Oh fuck yeah," she whispered, "that's nice."

I was very aroused and it didn't take me long before I felt my seed rising. I guess it was thinking about Helen Shaw that had got me started, but licking out the amputee army veteran was probably the most erotic thing I ever did and that finished me off.

"Uunnngh!" I grunted as I shot a huge load into her.

"I can feel you coming in me," she said to me, "you are putting a lot inside me."

"Oh Nina," I responded, "you make me come so much, I love coming inside you."

"So why don't you visit more often?"

I pulled out of her, reached down and picked up her discarded panties. I held them to my face and inhaled, savouring her smell, then I scrunched them up and put them to her hole. I began to gently insert them inside her with my two middle fingers.

"Oh Sean, you naughty man,what do you think you are doing?"

"Stopping my mess and your juice leaking out onto the sofa."

I left a little bit of material sticking out of her, got up from the floor and sat beside her on the sofa. I leaned over and kissed her gently on the lips.

"I promise I will visit more often in future," I said to her, and then, "which brings me to another reason for my visit."

"Oh?"

"What's your viewpoint on Cannabis?"

The next fifteen minutes were spent with me convincing her to let Reggie install a weed farm in the loft of her bungalow.

"Oh, and my name is Marcus by the way, not Sean."

"Explain."

"Head injury, memory loss, mistaken identity."

She looked at me and shook her head, "sounds like bull to me, but I will give you the benefit of the doubt."

I leaned towards her again and we started kissing, our tongues dancing together like two excited snakes. The door bell rang.

"I'll get it," I said, jumping up.

"Hang on!" cried Nina, "I'm not dressed."

"I'll get rid of them," I said as I opened the door.

I opened the door to see a very handsome man in military uniform standing there. He was holding a bunch of flowers and a bottle of wine. He looked to be in his mid to late thirties, Tom Hiddleston sprang to mind.

"Hi," he said cheerily, "Is Nina at home?"

"Is that Lawrence?" Nina called from the living room, "Lawrence, is that you?"

"That's captain Richards to you corporal!" he called out over my shoulder.

I stood back and opened the door fully, captain Richards walked past me and into the living room.

I shut the door behind him and turned to see what happened next. Lawrence Richards strode across the living room, bent over Nina and kissed her on the cheek. She put her arms up and hugged him.

I walked over to see that Nina had put a large cushion on her lap to cover herself.

"It's been a long time captain," she said to him, "what brings you to my door?"

"I was in the area and I thought I should visit. I have brought you some flowers and a drink."

I put my hands out. "Let me put those in a vase and open the wine for you," I said.

"Thanks, that's very kind," said Lawrence, handing the items to me.

"I'm Marcus, by the way, a friend of Nina's."

"Nice to meet you, I'm Lawrence."

I took the wine and flowers to the kitchen area and busied myself looking for a vase. I let Lawrence and Nina catch up a bit.

After a few minutes I carried two glasses of wine into the living area and handed them out. As I went to collect my glass I heard the front door open. It was Suzie.

"Oh hello," she said as she saw Lawrence and me, "visitors, I see."

Lawrence stood up, I could see his eyes brighten when he saw Suzie.

"This is Lawrence, an old friend from my army days," said Nina, "and you remember Sean of course, only he's not actually called Sean, his name is Marcus."

"Oh," said Suzie, a small frown appearing on her face, "anyway, pleased to meet you Lawrence," she said, putting out her hand.

Lawrence took her hand and shook it gently.

"Legs off, trousers off, cushion on lap," said Suzie, looking around the room, "someone's been up to something"

"Busted," laughed Nina, "Marcus had just finished when Lawrence turned up at the door, I didn't have time to put my trousers back on."

"Panties?" said Suzie.

Nina did not reply, she just lifted the cushion and pointed to the piece of material sticking out of her pussy.

"Oh fucking hell," whispered Lawrence to me, "some things never change."

"Does that turn you on?" Suzie said, looking at Lawrence, "seeing a girl with her panties stuffed up her cunt?"

"Nearly as much as hearing you say it," he replied.

"I want to watch you fuck her," Nina said to Lawrence.

Even though I had come only a short time before, my cock stiffened when I heard her say that.

"And what makes you think I want him to fuck me?" Suzie asked.

"Look at him," Nina replied, "there is not a girl on this planet who wouldn't want him to fuck them."

"I love being treated like a piece of meat," Lawrence said to me, as he started to unbutton his tunic.

I went to the kitchen area and poured Suzie a glass of wine, by the time I returned Lawrence was down to his boxer shorts.

"Get 'em off soldier," Suzie said in a gruff voice, "I want to see what's on offer."

Lawrence slowly pulled his boxers down over his thighs, bent down, stepped out of them and then stood up straight. His stiff cock stood out in front of him like a rod of iron.

"Oh nice," purred Suzie, gazing at his cock, "very nice, very nice indeed."

"You want that inside you, don't you?" Nina said to her, "I've had it in me and believe me it is nice."

"Let's have a look at you then Suzie," Lawrence said to her.

Suzie unzipped her track suit top and pulled it open to reveal her t-shirt. She shrugged her top off her shoulders and down her arms, she let it drop on the floor. Next she pulled her t-shirt up over her head and threw that aside too. She stood, legs apart, hands on hips, showing off her chest which was confined by her sports bra.

I sneaked behind her and unclipped her bra, she wriggled her shoulders, bent forward and it fell forward and off her. She straightened back up.

"Lovely," said Lawrence when he took in the sight of her lovely firm round boobs.

"Have a feel," said Nina, "she won't mind. She likes her nipples sucked too."

Lawrence stood in front of Suzie and put his hands on her breasts, she let out a little sigh as she felt his fingers on her boobs. He massaged them gently for a moment and then bent forward and put his mouth around her left teat. Suzie reached down, took his cock in her right hand and began to rub it slowly up and down.

I stripped off so as not to be the odd one out, sat down next to Nina and we watched the show.

Lawrence transferred his attention to Suzie's right teat, he let out a muffled moan as her grip tightened on his cock.

"Be careful Suzie," said Nina, "with that grip of yours you could strangle the poor thing."

Lawrence took his mouth away from Suzie's nipple and dropped to his knees. He pulled on her track suit bottoms and they slid down her lovely long legs. He put his hands to the waistband of her panties and pulled them down as well. I stared at her beautiful soft bush. She stepped back, bent over and unlaced her trainers. 

"God, you are beautiful," he said to her, "your body is so toned."

Suzie discarded her clothes and trainers and went back to him. She stood, legs apart, put her hands on his head and directed his face between her thighs. He started snuffling around in her bush, smelling her scent, kissing her pubes.

Suzie took a step forward, forcing Lawrence to lean backwards, his face now under her pussy. She opened her legs further and pushed his face hard up against her.

"Oh fuck yes," she moaned, "stick your tongue up me."

I could see he was leaning back at an impossible angle, it was Suzie's hands on his head that kept him in place.

"Oh my!" she moaned loudly, "oh God!"

Lawrence pushed himself away from her and fell backwards onto the floor. Suzie took another step and then dropped down onto him, impaling herself on his cock.

"OH FUCK!" she cried as his length disappeared up inside her.

"Ride him cowgirl!" shouted Nina excitedly.

Suzie bounced up and down on Lawrence, shaking her head and banging her fists on his chest.

"Oh God, I'm coming!" she cried aloud, "I'm coming, I'm coming!"

She stopped moving on him and froze, her back was arched and her head thrown back. I thought I was going to come just watching her have that orgasm!

"Oh yes!" cried Lawrence as he shot off what was bound to be a huge load inside Suzie's cunt.

"Get my panties out of me and your cock inside me Marcus, quick," said Nina, "I need to fuck again."

I reached down and gently pulled on the material sticking out of her. Her red lacy panties slid out, covered in a sticky opaque mess, my spunk and her juice. I dropped them on the floor and then I pushed her back onto the sofa. She shuffled round until she was laying on her back then put her hands on her stumps and pulled them upwards and apart.

"Our turn to watch now," said Suzie as I covered Nina and lowered myself down.

"oooh," she moaned as I entered her.

I began quite slowly but soon I had lost control and was banging her for all I was worth.

"Oh fucking yes!" she shouted as she felt my meat sliding in and out of her spunk-and-juice lubricated cunt.

She came just as I put my mess inside her for the second time that evening. She looked into my eyes, pulled my head down onto hers, opened her mouth and we snogged passionately as we climaxed in unison.

"You've still got it Nina," said Lawrence after we had all calmed down.

"You seem to be performing as well as ever," she replied to him.

I thought back to that first morning when she had murmured in her sleep 'go on then captain, put it in me'. I guess Lawrence was the captain she was thinking about.

We all sat around, naked - except for Nina who still had her top on- and chatted for a while. I decided to leave Nina and Lawrence to reminisce.

"I'm going to go," I said, as I put my clothes back on, "I'll come around in a day or so if that's o.k. Nina."

"Sure Marcus," she replied, "we can finalise the details."

"Nice meeting you Lawrence," I said, "see you Suzie."

"Yeah, laters Marcus, or whatever your name is," said Suzie.

"I enjoyed meeting you Marcus," said Lawrence, "it's nice to see Nina has such good friends."

I let myself out and walked happily back to my car, the new growing house would soon be up and running, but we would need an architect to draw up the plans for the loft conversion.