 Dennis came up to me at work a couple of days later and took me to one side.

"I have a business proposition for you Phil," he said, "as a shareholder in LKJ you probably have money to invest and I have just the investment for you."

"Go on," I said, "tell me more."

"You remember Trudi, don't you?"

"How could I forget?"

"She is moving to Barstow so we can be together and we want to open a house of fun."

"You mean a brothel."

"Not quite, it would be more select, more exclusive."

"So you are happy to have your gilfriend fucking lots of different men?"

"She will be the manager, she won't be working there."

'At least not while you're there,' I thought to myself.

So I ended up investing in a large house in a quiet suburb of Barstow where gentlemen could go to be 'entertained'.

I phoned Helen Shaw and asked if she would like to draw up plans for a loft conversion a friend of mine was thinking of having done.

"I am sure I can do that for your friend Mr. Wicks," she said to me, "shall we meet at the site and you can show me what you want done."

We arranged to meet at Nina's the next day. I phoned Nina and told her we were coming.

Helen was waiting in her car when I arrived at Nina's, I recognised her from her photo. I went up to her car and waved, she wound the window down.

"Helen?" I asked.

"Yes, and you must be Mr. Wicks," she replied.

"Marcus, please."

Helen got out of her car and we walked up the path to Nina's house. I rang the bell.

Nina came to the door wearing her legs, she let us in.

I followed Helen Shaw into the house, looking her up and down. She was a tall graceful woman with a slim body. Her short light brown hair was in a bob which suited her face.

I introduced Helen to Nina and then Helen looked around whilst I made us all a coffee.

"It all seems pretty straightforward," Helen said, after a few minutes, "no more than a weeks work to strengthen the loft floor and a couple of weeks to fit the windows and fit out."

"Draw up the plans and let me know when they are ready," Nina said to her.

After we had drunk our coffee and had a little chat I showed Helen to the door, said goodbye to her and went back to Nina.

"She's very attractive," said Nina, "how old do you think she is?"

"Oh I don't know, about forty-eight I would say."

"I wonder if she likes pussy."

"Oh Nina, what are we to do with you?"

"A fuck would be nice."

She undid her trousers and I pulled them off her. I unfastened her false legs and put them aside. I licked her stumps as I always did, then I licked her pussy like I always did.

"Do you think Helen would like you to do this to her?" Nina asked as I licked her.

"I don't know," I replied, coming up for air.

Nina pushed my face back down onto her pussy and I resumed.

"Oh fuck yes!" she cried after a few minutes, "lick me you bastard! Oh fuck!"

She squirted on me like she always did, I loved the feel of her juice running down my chin, dripping onto the sofa and the floor.

I was as stiff as a poker and I pulled my trousers and pants down quickly. I rolled her over so she was face down on the sofa, her stumps dangling over the edge.

"Oh fuck, that's nice," I said as I shoved my cock inside her, "your cunt is so wet, so fucking wet."

"Less chat, more action," she replied.

So I shut up and fucked her.

I rammed my cock in and out as fast as I could. Her head was pressed up against the back of the sofa, her arms were spread, her fingers digging into the cushions.

"Oh fucking hell!" I cried out as I shot off inside her, jets of my thick white cream filling her cunt.

"Oh yes!" she shouted aloud as she came again.

I could feel her pulsating cunt give little squeezes to my softening cock, it felt lovely.

"Will you be supervising the work on my house?" she asked as we sat on her sofa, recovering from our orgasms.

"I could do if you want. Or would you rather I left you at the mercy of some big strong builders?"

"Mmm, I never thought of that," she laughed, "do you think they might ravish me?"

"Only if they're straight."

We kissed a bit and then I got up and left.

I called at Helen's office to pick up the drawings a few days later. I got there just as the office was about to close.

"Sorry to be so late," I said to her as she walked towards the door.

"That's o.k.," she replied, "I don't have to be anywhere."

"So how about a drink? There's a nice little pub just around the corner."

She gave me a quizzical look. "Are you hitting on me Mr. Wicks? I am a happily married woman, I will have you know."

'And your husband is fucking a nineteen-year-old who he treats as a sex-slave' I thought to myself.

"Goodness, no!" I said, trying to sound shocked, "I just thought that if you were at a loose end, I could buy you a drink to say thank you for producing the plans so quickly."

"Oh, go on then," she smiled, "it won't hurt."

It was a start, anyway.

I bought Helen a white wine at the pub, I had a bottle of beer. We sat at a small table and chatted.Helen asked why Nina had not contacted her directly and I explained about her legs and how I helped her and advised her. Helen told me how lucky Nina was to have such a thoughtful friend. I asked Helen about herself and she told me all about her work as an architect.

"Are you married?" I asked.

She told me about Frank and what a dedicated policeman he was who worked all hours.

'When he's not fucking teenage girls, that is,' I thought to myself.

We left the pub after half an hour or so, shook hands and went our seperate ways. I had made a little bit of progress.

Reggie hired a couple of guys to go to Nina's to work on strengthening her loft floor, I went round to see how they were getting on.

"They're up in the loft," Nina told me as she made a pot of tea, "go up and tell them the tea is brewing."

I climbed the ladder to the loft and looked through the hatch. I looked at the two men and recognised them from the Bertram's party of a few weeks before.

"Hello," I said to the older one, "we've met before, you're Jim, you were at the Bertram's that Sunday."

"Oh bloody hell!" he replied, "Yes, I remember, you got Jess Bertram to toss you off over her face."

"And I remember you," I said to the younger one, "you're Steve, aren't you."

"Yes," he replied, "what's your name? We were never introduced."

"Marcus," I said, offering my hand.

Steve took my hand and we shook. I told them that Nina had made the tea and they came down. Nina was sitting at the kitchen table and we sat with her and drank our mugs of tea.

"Why don't you stay and help?" Suggested Nina to me, "I'm sure they could use an extra pair of hands."

And so I spent a few hours labouring for Jim and Steve.

I went to the kitchen area to make us some cold drinks, it was a hot summer's day and the loft was like an oven. I looked for Nina to see if she wanted one but she was nowhere to be seen. I went to the fridge and noticed that the door leading to the garden was open, I went outside.

I saw her lying on a blanket on the lawn, she was wearing a pair of sunglasses, nothing else.

"Doing a spot of sunbathing?" I asked.

"Mmmm," she replied, "my garden is not overlooked so I can get an all over tan."

"Would you like me to rub some suntan lotion on you?"

"That would be lovely, there's some in the kitchen, next to the toaster."

My balls started tingling.

I went back inside to get the lotion, Jim and Steve were standing in the kitchen.

"It's too hot up there," said Jim, "we've come down for a break."

I saw the suntan lotion beside the toaster, there was a box of condoms next to it. I started to undress.

"What the fuck are you doing?" asked Steve.

"Get stripped off and pick up one of those condoms," I said to him, "you too Jim. Give me two minutes and then come out into the garden, you are going to have the time of your lives."

I strode across the lawn, naked,suntan lotion in one hand, condom in the other, big grin on my face.

"Where do you want me to start?" I asked.

"My shoulders," she replied, rolling onto her front.

I knelt beside her and squeezed some of the lotion onto her back.

"Oooh, cold!" she squeaked as the thick, creamy liquid touched her skin.

I began to rub it up her back and onto her shoulders, loving the feel of her soft skin as I massaged the protective cream into it.

"Mmmm, nice, " she murmured as I rubbed down her back and onto her ass cheeks.

I looked up to see Jim and Steve, both naked, both sporting large erections, creeping across the lawn, condoms in their hands.

My body had obscured Jim's view of Nina and it wasn't until he got close that he saw for the first time that she had no legs.

"Oh sweet Jesus!" he exclaimed when he saw, "you poor baby, I never realised."

"See?" said Nina to me, "I am getting better on those false legs."

I rolled her over and squeezed some lotion onto her tummy.

"Ooooh, more cold!" she squeaked again, a big smile on her face.

Steve knelt the other side of her and began to spread the lotion over her tummy, Jim knelt at her stumps, lifted them in turn and planted little kisses on them.

"There is no feeling there Jim," she told him, softly, "you will have to try further up."

Steve rubbed the lotion into her boobs with his strong hands, I rubbed it into her tummy with my soft hands and Jim kissed her inner thighs with his big slobbery mouth.

"Who wants to go first? Nina asked in a husky voice.

"You go first Steve," I said to him, looking at Jim who nodded his approval.

I carried on rubbing Nina's tits as we watched Steve roll the condom down over his cock. Jim moved aside and he got in between Nina's stumps and slipped his stiff cock inside her.

"Oooh, lovely," she said as she felt his meat fill her.

He started to thrust very slowly and carefully, small thrusts, as if she might break at any moment.

"Are you gonna fuck me or not?" she asked him, "because what you're doing now ain't called fucking in my book."

"Sorry," he said, "It's just with you like this...."

"Don't worry baby, " she said to him, smiling, "I'm as fit as a flea in every other department."

So he fucked her. He fucked her well.

"Oh Stevie!" she cried, "Yes! Oh yes!"

"Gonna come," he grunted as he stopped thrusting, allowing him to revel in the feeling of his seed filling the condom.

"More cock!" she cried as she felt him soften within her, "I need more cock!"

Steve moved aside and sat on the grass next to her and Jim covered her. He shoved his cock inside her and began to fuck her forcefully, bringing her to climax within a minute.

"YES! YES! YES!" She shouted as she had what looked like a very strong orgasm.

Jim didn't stop, he kept banging her for all he was worth until he let out a guttural cry and froze, his cock embedded in her as deeply as it would go.

"OH NINAAAAAAH!" He cried as he filled the condom covering his meat.

He fell off her and lay, panting, on his back on the grass.

"Fuck, that was good," he said once he had his breath back, "you are fucking lovely Nina, fucking awesome."

"My turn," I said as I got in between her stumps and slipped my condom-covered cock inside her.

"Ooh, Marcus," she moaned, "make me come again."

I fucked her gently at first, building up speed until I was pumping my cock in and out like a piston.

"God yes Marcus!" She cried, "do it, do it!"

I shot off just as she cried out, the pair of us climaxing together.

I pulled out of her and knelt beside her, she smiled up at me and then at the other two.

"Mmmm," she purred, "that was lovely. Now you can get back to work and I can get back to my sunbathing."

So we did.

Later on, when Jim and Steve had gone home, Nina told me she was going away for a few days holiday with Suzie, and asked me to look after her house.

"Just as well," I told her, "otherwise those two will never get the job finished."

So Phil took a few days off work and Marcus moved into Nina's while she was away.