 The work on Nina's house had been done and Reggie and Bobbie installed the staging, lighting and irrigation system. Reggie skillfully bypassed the electricity meter and Bobbie sowed the seeds for the crop.

"You did well Marcus," Reggie told me, patting my shoulder, "and the girl from around the corner can manage this grow house as well as the old girl's."

"I shall stick around and introduce her to Nina," I said, "I'm sure they will get along."

"I shall have to meet this Nina someday," said Reggie.

"Yes you shall," I replied.

I went to Beryl's the next morning to meet up with Gudi. I was looking forward to seeing her and Beryl. I rang the doorbell and waited.

The door opened and Gudi showed me in. She was wearing a t-shirt and shorts, just as always, they were damp with sweat, just as always. Her lovely black hair had been cut short, the word that sprang to mind when I looked at her was 'gamine'.

"Where's Beryl?" I asked, "you don't usually come to the door."

"I'm afraid she's in hospital, something to do with her heart."

"Oh no! That's awful, I do hope it's nothing serious."

"She asked about you, asked if her 'favourite nephew' might visit her some time."

"I shall go tomorrow. Anyway, I have come to take you round and show you the new grow house."

"I had better change. Wait in the living room, I won't be a minute."

Gudi disappeared into Beryl's bedroom.

I didn't go to the living room, I crept to the bedroom door and gently pushed it. Gudi had not closed it properly, either by accident or by choice - by choice I hoped. The door opened a little, just enough for me to peek around.

She really was a beauty. She had long slim legs and when she pulled her shorts down I got to see her beautiful tight little ass cheeks covered by some skimpy white cotton panties.

She had her back to me and I stood and watched as she pulled her t-shirt up over her head and dropped it on the floor. She had a flawless back, her shoulder blades were slightly pronounced, giving her a waif-like appearance.

She reached behind her and unclipped her bra - oh how I longed to see those titties- then she bent down as she lowered those sweet little cotton panties. I let out a sigh as I saw her pussy lips showing below the most beautiful little ring-piece.

"I can hear you, you know," she said aloud, "you are panting like a dog after a ten mile run."

"I'm sorry Gudi," I replied, "it was wrong of me, I will leave you alone."

"Don't you want to see the rest?"

Then she turned round.

"Oh sweet mother of God!" I exclaimed as I took in the sight in front of me.

She had the most beautiful little breasts I had ever seen. They had pronounced brown nipples and were very pert. My eyes moved lower and I gasped as I saw her bush, it was a jet black, neatly trimmed heaven! She was more lovely than any Bollywood starlet.

"Right, you've had a good look, now go away and let me shower in peace," she said to me with a smile.

I retreated to the living room and sat, daydreaming about her washing herself in the shower.

Fifteen minutes later she appeared in the living room. She was wearing a knee-length short-sleeved dress in bright yellow which showed off her brown skin perfectly and white flat shoes. She had some gold bangles on her wrists which looked very valuable. She was carrying a small holdall.

"You look divine," I told her.

"Thanks," she replied, "now show me my other house."

Fifteen minutes later we were standing in the loft of Nina's house and Gudi was inspecting the grow.

"It all looks fine," she told me, "I shall split my time between the two, now how about a nice cup of tea?"

We went down and I put the kettle on. Gudi went out into the garden to have a look around.

"Nice and secluded," she said when she came back in, "I like that."

"Your tea is ready," I said to her as I placed the cup and saucer on the kitchen table.

We sat and drank our tea and she told me a little about herself and how she had gotten involved with Reggie and Beryl.

"I really wanted to be in garden design," she told me, "in fact I was doing some gardening for Reggie when he got me interested in the weed and it progressed from there."

"What do you want to do in the future?" I asked her.

"I am working on a hybrid plant that has no odour," she replied.

"Clever," I said.

"When do I get to meet NIna?" She asked.

"I think she is coming home in a day or two, but I'm not sure."

"All alone with a handsome young man," she said, smiling, "what will become of me?"

I stood up and put out my hand, she stood up and took it. I led her to Nina's bedroom.

" Beryl told me to be nice to you," Gudi said as she stood facing me, "I wonder what she meant?"

I put my hands on her shoulders and pulled her towards me, she lifted her head and I kissed her on her beautiful mouth. She put her hands on my flanks as we kissed, I put my arms around her back and squeezed her close. I could feel her tummy pressed against my erection which was straining to be released from my clothing.

"She said you were a good kisser," Gudi said as she broke the embrace.

I unzipped her dress and pulled it off her shoulders. I pulled it down to reveal her white cotton bra. Gudi pulled her dress down and off her arms, then over her slender hips and it fell to the floor. I reached around, undid her bra and pulled it off of her. I put my hand on her right breast and squeezed it gently.

"Now you take yours off," she told me.

I stripped off my shirt, pulled my shoes and socks off and undid my trousers. I pushed my trousers and underpants down in one motion, allowing my stiff cock to spring free and stick out in front of me.

"Who's eager then?" She laughed.

I stepped out of the puddle of clothes around my feet and stood, stark naked, in front of her. I stared at her panties, willing her to pull them down and let me have another look at that beautiful bush.

"Do you think I'm pretty?" She asked me as she took hold of her panties.

"You're more than pretty, you are amazing," I told her.

She looked me in the eye as she slowly lowered those white cotton panties, I felt my heart thumping in my chest and my balls tingling with excitement. Her bush came into view and my mouth began to water.

Gudi lifted her feet in turn and pulled off her shoes, now she was naked too.

"Are you using contraception?" I asked.

"Not at the moment, I haven't got a boyfriend or anything."

I took her by the hand and led her to the bed. I lay her on the bed and knelt beside her. I looked at her body for a second and then leaned over her and began to kiss her all over.

"Mmm, that's nice," she whispered as I planted little kisses on her tummy, breasts and shoulders.

She put her fingers around my cock and rubbed it gently, it felt fantastic.

My kissing moved lower and I kissed her bush. She opened her legs and I could smell the musk of her arousal, my balls were tingling like crazy.

I put my finger to her slit and probed her slightly, she was wet.

"I want to fuck you," I said, looking into her eyes, "can I fuck you Gudi?"

She nodded her assent.

I knelt up, reached around and opened the drawer in Nina's bedside cabinet. I took out a condom, tore open the packet and slipped the latex sheath over my pre cum soaked cock.

"It's been a while for me," she said to me, "take it slow to start with Marcus."

I covered her and offered my cock to her vagina, she let out a tiny gasp as I pushed it inside her, she was wet but she was tight.

"Oh you are lovely," I told her as I pushed my cock further and further into her, "you are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen."

"Don't be silly, " she replied, "I bet you have lots of pretty women."

"Oh my God, you are nice to be inside," I said as I pushed the final inch into her.

I started fucking her gently, she responded by pulling me down onto her and kissing me forcefully. I was in heaven.

The slow, gentle fucking lasted for about a minute and then it gave way to a frenzy of lust. Gudi stopped kissing me, put her arms around me and squeezed me tightly to her.

"Oh fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she cried as my thrusting became more insistent.

I started to pound her rapidly, bringing us both to a tumultuous climax.

"OH FUCKING HELL!" She shouted as she came.

"GOD!" I cried as I felt her vagina squeeze my cock with it's orgasmic contractions.

I shot off into the condom, the pulsing of my cock seemed to go on and on, it was the best orgasm I had ever had.

After a few seconds I rolled over and lay next to her on the bed. We turned our heads to look at one another, we both smiled.

"That was fantastic," she told me, "Beryl was right about you."

"I have never had sex like that before, ever," I replied.

We wrapped our arms around each other and cuddled for a while and then we got up.

I gave Gudi a key to Nina's house and left, it was time for Phil to go home.

The next day was spent at the office, helping Debby organise the team and fending off enquiries about how I had spent my time off. Dennis caught up with me at lunchtime.

"We completed on the house," he told me, "now we need to do it up a bit. Do you know of anyone?"

"Leave it to me," I told him.

I stayed late at the office, I thought it would keep me in their good books, there was always the threat of redundancy hanging over me.

I thought everyone had gone home but I heard a noise and went to investigate. I crept out of my office and along the passageway, following the sounds of whispered conversation. I stopped outside the office of Sidney Spence, one of our senior partners. The door was ajar, I peeked round.

The sight I was met with made my balls tingle and my cock stiffen, Sidney was standing behind Lexi, the twenty-one year old junior accountant, kissing the back of her neck.

Sidney Spence was sixty-two years old, a tall gaunt man with a full head of grey hair and features resembling the late actor Christopher Lee. He had been considered a very handsome man in his early years.

"Mmm, daddy," muttered Lexi, "are you sure we are alone?"

"Yes my darling," he replied, "they have all gone home."

She called him daddy! My balls went tingle crazy!

I watched as Sidney unzipped her skirt and pushed it down over her slender hips. I swallowed as I saw her lacy red panties come into view.

Sidney slipped his long tapered fingers inside her panties and began to squeeze her ass cheeks. She reached behind her and rubbed his thighs through his trousers. Sidney pulled her panties down over her ass and they slid down her legs to her ankles.

"Turn around," he told her.

He took his hands away and she turned to face him. He took hold of her by the waist and boosted her onto his desk. He pulled her panties off over her high heels and threw them aside. Lexi opened her legs.

Sidney squatted in front of her and put his face to her blonde bush.

"Oh daddy!" she cried as he began to lick her out.

My cock was straining to get out of my trousers, I was sorely tempted to get it out and have a wank whilst watching Sidney perform on Lexi's beautiful little cunt. I thought of my dream where she was the little whore in the old west and my cock throbbed.

"Does daddy want to fuck baby?" she said in a little girl voice.

'This is fucking awesome!' I thought to myself, 'how long have they been up to this?'

"Oh baby, when you talk like that, you drive daddy wild," he said to her as he stopped eating her and stood up.

I heard him unzip his trousers and watched as he fumbled about, obviously freeing his cock from his underpants.

"Oh, daddy is big, isn't he?" she said in the same voice, "is daddy going to put his sausage in Lexi?"

Sidney did not reply. I watched as he stuffed his cock inside her with one hard thrust.

"Oh daddy!" She cried out as he filled her.

I had to concentrate hard on not breathing too heavily, I remembered what Gudi had said about being able to hear me.

"Oh baby," said Sidney, "you know daddy loves you so very much, don't you?"

"Yes daddy," she replied, "and baby loves daddy too."

He was fucking her quite forcefully by now, pumping his meat in and out of her at a pace.

"Baby's coming!" she sqeaked as she reached her climax.

"Daddy too!" he cried out.

Lexi wrapped her arms around him and bore down on him as she came, he stopped moving, his cock buried as far inside her as it could be as he pumped her full of his seed.

Lexi fell back across Sidney's large desk, Sidney stepped back, his cock sliding out of her. He was blocking my view of her, I wished I could have seen her cunt leaking his spunk out down his desk.

I crept back down the passageway before they had a chance to regain their composure, my cock still as stiff as a pole. I went into my office, picked up my jacket and slipped out of the building in silence.