 "What is going on?" The doctor asked me in a concerned voice, "she was here yesterday, she disappeared and the next thing I know is she is being brought in by ambulance again. What can you tell me about that?"

"I only know that when I went round to feed her cat, I found her there and called an ambulance," I lied in reply.

"So you don't know anything about the marks covering her body, it looks as if she has been attacked by a swarm of rats."

"No doctor, I'm sorry, I know nothing about it."

"Well we've put her back in her room and we shall see how she gets on."

"Can I sit with her?"

"Yes. Keep an eye on her for me, I shall come back and look her over again in an hour or so."

As soon as the doctor had left I put the ring back on her finger. It went black for a second or two.

"Jesus fucking Christ Phil!" Exclaimed the young Beryl, "that ring is trying to tell you something!"

"Calm down Beryl, just tell me what happened in your dream last night."

This is what Beryl told me:

'The sun was beating down on my tent, I sat on a camp chair, an array of ancient Egyptian artefacts on a table in front of me. I picked up a mirror and looked at my reflection, it was me, aged twenty-one, but my complexion was pale and my hair was long and pale blonde. A young Arab man entered the tent.

"Lord Kantor told me to bring this to you madam," he said to me, "after you have examined it he wants you down at the dig."

"Thank you Sammy," I said to him as I took a shoebox sized clay container from him and put it on the table.

I picked up a knife and gently broke the wax seal between the lid and the base of the container. I could hear a small hiss as the two parts seperated for the first time in over three thousand years. I carefully lifted the lid and put it to one side.

My eyes widened as I took in the sight of what had been lying in the container, untouched since ancient times. Nestling on a bed of straw was a solid gold phallus. I gingerly picked it up and inspected it. It felt so smooth in my hands. It was about twelve inches long with little undulations at the base where slim fingers could get a firm grip on it.

One thing I noticed was that it was not cold to the touch, it felt very slightly warm. I also noticed a very fine hieroglyphic marked near the base. I picked up my magnifying glass and looked carefully.

The marking was an illustration of a girl with dark hair using the golden dildo on a girl with light hair. I felt my tummy melt as I looked at it.

I stood up and undid my shorts. I slipped them down over my hips and let them fall to the floor. I smiled to myself for being so wicked as to not be wearing any bloomers under my shorts. I sat back down on my chair and opened my legs. I put a finger to my slit and touched myself, I was wet.

I started by rubbing the dildo up and down on my labia, enjoying the sensation of it's smooth surface sliding along me. I could swear that it was getting warmer, as if it too was becoming aroused by the proximity of my sex.

I pointed the dildo at my hole and gently slid it inside me, God what a feeling! It did not feel like a solid object, it seemed to have taken the properties of an actual fleshy penis! I slid forward in my seat and opened my legs as far as I could. I pushed it up me to the hilt.

I started to fuck myself with it, it felt like a man was fucking me, it was amazing!

It felt as if I had been transported to a higher plane, my body shook and hot liquid squirted out of my vagina as I had the most explosive orgasm I had ever experienced.

I slumped in my seat, the dildo hanging out of me when Sammy reappeared in my tent.

"Oh, lady Kantor!" He exclaimed, "what are you doing?"

I let the dildo slide out of me and land on the floor. I looked at the handsome young Arab and was consumed by lust.

"I want you inside me," I said to him, "I need you inside me."

I got down on the sandy floor on my hands and knees and presented my rear to him. I heard him strip his long shirt off and place his fez on the table, then I let out a long moan of pleasure as I felt his stiff cock slip inside my soaking wet cunt.

"Oh Sammy," I sighed, "it feels so nice. Fuck me, fuck me like your life depends on it."

He started gently, pushing his meat all the way inside me and then puling it all the way out. It felt wonderful. His thrusting became more insistent as his ardour grew, I moaned and groaned with pleasure as the fucking I was receiving brought me to a shuddering climax.

"Yes! Yes! Yes!" I shrieked as I squirted more juice from my cunt.

"Oh lady Kantor!" he cried as he sent a scalding hot load into me, filling me with his thick creamy spunk.

He withdrew from me and our mixed fluids slopped out of me to make a puddle on the dusty floor. After I had regained my composure I got up off the floor and put my shorts back on. I picked up the golden dildo and placed it back in it's box. I put the lid back on and put the container in one of the packing cases marked 'Abbots manor'. Then I went to the dig.

"Come and look Beryl!" My husband said to me as I approached the pyramid, "I think I have found her tomb."

I looked at the man I was married to and my tummy melted again, he was gorgeous! He looked to be in his mid thirties, tall, muscular, blond and with piercing blue eyes.

He took my hand and led me inside the pyramid. We went along passageways and round hidden corners until we came to a chamber which was lit by candles.

"There she is," he whispered to me, "the princess Aliz, killed by her uncle for defying him."

I was looking at a stone sarcophagus with no markings, a sign that she was not to be admitted to the afterlife.

"Let's open it together," my husband said to me, "take hold of the lid and push."

We carefully pushed the lid of the coffin to one side and let it topple off onto a bed of straw which had been put down by my husband. I gasped when I saw what was in the coffin.

There was not one corpse but two, two desiccated bodies wrapped in each other's arms, locked in the embrace of lovers.

"My God!" Exclaimed my husband, "the story must be true!"

"She died in her lover's arms," I said, "they were entombed together."

"Can you feel it?" My husband asked me, "there is an atmosphere in this place."

I felt butterflies in my tummy and an overwhelming urge to have something inside me.

"Oh Stephen," I said, "I need you in me, please take me here, take me now."

My husband dropped his shorts and underpants in one movement, his big stiff cock springing out and standing proudly out in front of him. I dropped my shorts and got down on my hands and knees.

"Oh Beryl!" He cried as he rammed his cock into my semen coated vagina, "what has come over us?"

"Fuck me!" I shouted, "fuck me hard, fuck me till I die!"

He banged me as hard as he could, it felt amazing, his big stiff cock filling me at every thrust and leaving me feeling empty every time he pulled back.

"Oh God I'm coming!" I cried as I felt myself reaching my climax, "Oh Stephen, I love you."

"Oh Beryl, " he cried as he shot a huge load of hot creamy spunk into me.

It was as he was pulling out of me that we heard the sound of moving masonry. We looked in terror as the entrance to the chamber closed up, a huge slab of sandstone falling into the tunnel that we had come down.

We shouted for help but to no avail. Eventually the candles went out and then the rats attacked us.'

"Fuck!" I shouted as Beryl finished her tale, "that was a horrible dream. Did you take off the ring because of the pain of the bites?"

"Yes," she replied, "I tore it off my finger and threw it away, the pain was unbearable."

"So what does it mean?" I asked her.

"We come back, can't you see? reincarnation. It was me, I was lady Kantor, the ring showed me."

"So what now?"

"I will take it off my finger. Goodbye Phil, or Marcus, or whoever you are, see you in another life."

Beryl removed the ring and everything went black. When my sight returned the old Beryl was lying on the bed, she had passed away.

I took my ring and left, not wanting to be quizzed by the doctor any more. He would find Beryl on his next round.

I went to Beryl's hoping that Gudi was there to tell her what had happened. I put my ring on in the car and got out as Marcus. I walked up the path to Beryl's front door and rang the bell.

"Hi Marcus," Gudi said to me in greeting, "Beryl's still in hospital, do you want to come in for a cup of tea or anything?"

As soon as I saw her I knew I had to have her. Telling her about Beryl would have to wait. I stepped into the hallway, slammed the door behind me and took the sweat-covered young beauty in my arms.

"Goodness me Marcus!" She exclaimed, "you're in a frisky mood."

"Oh Gudi, " I said to her, "I want you so bad, I have to have you, please say I can have you, please."

"Come on then," she laughed, "do you want me to shower first? I have been in the loft getting hot and sweaty."

"I want you right here, right now," I said as I grabbed hold of her t-shirt, pulled it up over her head and threw it to one side.

"Come on then tiger," she replied, taking hold of my shirt and trying to rip it open.

I undid her shorts and pushed them down over her slim hips whilst she struggled with my shirt. I looked down at her panties, all soaked in her sweat. I could feel my cock straining to get out of my trousers and inside her.

"Stop," she whispered, "get your clothes off."

I pulled my shirt off over my head and got my shoes and socks off. She undid her bra and dropped it on the floor. I looked at her as I pulled my trousers and underpants down, she smiled back at me. I stood up, tall and proud, my stiff cock standing out in front of me. Gudi took her sneakers off and stood in the hallway in just her panties.

"Do you want to take them off for me?" She asked.

I nodded eagerly in reply.

"With your teeth," she said to me, a snarl in her voice.

I dropped to my knees and shuffled up to her. I put my mouth to the waistband of her panties and got my teeth around the elastic, then I started to worry her panties like a hound worries a rabbit he has just caught, shaking my head from side to side, pulling, trying to tear them apart.

"Mmmm, good boy," she said to me, "get Gudi's panties down and you can lick her pussy, there's a good boy."

I actually started to growl like a dog as I pulled on her panties, working them down over her hips to her thighs. Gudi wiggled her hips slightly, helping her panties fall. I could smell her sweaty cunt and I could feel the seed rising in me, I was not going to last much longer.

Gudi reached down, pushed her panties down, lifted her left leg and stepped out of them. My head was on the floor, the panties still in my mouth, her right ankle still in them.

"Leave boy," she said to me, "drop."

I let go with my mouth and looked up at her smiling down at me. She stood with her legs apart, I could see her cunt lips peeping out from her beautiful black bush.

"Lick Gudi, there's a good boy," she said softly, "make Gudi happy."

I knelt in front of her and buried my face in her sex. The aroma of sweat and bitch on heat made me even more aroused, my cock twitching in anticipation. I poked out my tongue and started to lap up the liquid that had started to leak from her hole.

"Mmmm, good boy, " she moaned as I licked her, "Gudi likes that."

I could feel her fingers digging into my scalp as she became more aroused by my oral ministrations. I increased the speed and pressure of my licking.

"Oh fuck I need your cock in me," she whispered.

She pushed me away and dropped to the floor. She lay on her back and spread her legs. I fell forward on top of her and buried my cock in her soaking wet snatch.

"Oh fuck yes!" She cried as my cock filled her tight little pussy.

"Oh shit!" I cried as I shot off a huge load into her.

"Bad boy!" She said to me in a scolding voice, "Marcus has come already. Gudi hasn't come yet, bad boy!"

"I'm sorry Gudi," I said to her, "It's just you turn me on so much I coldn't help it."

"Get your tongue back in there," she told me, "and finish me off."

I got my head in between those lovely thighs, put my tongue in that lovely pussy and resumed licking her. My semen flowed out of her, mixed with the copious amount of juice she was generating. It ran into my mouth and I had to swallow several times.

"Oh fuck yes!" She shouted as I brought her to a shuddering climax, "oh fuck! Oh fuck! OH FUCK!!"

She squirted on me as she shook and moaned, experiencing what was obviously a very intense orgasm.

I got out from between her legs and sat on the floor. I watched her come back down from her climax, a smile on my face.

"Wow," she said to me, "I liked that, I really liked that."

We stood up and gathered up our clothes. Gudi went for a shower and I made tea. She came into the kitchen wearing a nice summer dress, all neat and fresh.

"Have you seen Beryl?" She asked me.

"I am going this morning," I replied, "I was wondering if you would like to come with me."

"What a nice thought, yes I would like that."

'You fucking coward Phil,' I thought to myself.