 Gudi took the news of Beryl's demise quite well. 

"She told me she was living on borrowed time," Gudi said to me, "she said there was a will lodged at her solicitors and I was to be her executor."

We made an appointment to visit the solicitor and then went to see a funeral director.

Marcus got a call from Trudi asking to meet up.

"I have a little job for you if you want it," she said to me, "you seem comfortable in the company of the more mature woman."

"I am, yes."

"Would you be free this evening?"

"Yes."

She gave me an address and told me to be there at seven.

I was admitted to the house by a gentleman who was, in my estimation, in his late sixties.

"Good evening," he said, "you must be Marcus, I'm Freddy."

"Hello Freddy, pleased to meet you."

He led me to a large, well kept and nicely furnished sitting room where Trudi and two other young men were. I recognised the young men as Tim and Billy from the party at the nightclub. Trudi introduced them to me.

"We're all here now," said Trudi, "so where's the birthday girl?"

"I'll go and get her," said Freddy.

After he left the room Trudi told us what we were there for.

"Freddy's wife is a lot younger than him. Freddy doesn't think he is giving her what she needs in the bedroom, if you get my drift. He asked me to get a few of my younger male acquaintances together to give her a birthday she won't forget."

"So how old is she?" Asked Tim.

"She is fifty-three today," Trudi answered him.

"I dunno," said Billy, "I'm not really into grannies."

"Don't knock it till you've tried it," I said to him, "these old girls can be quite a handful."

Trudi shot me a glance which said, 'don't you ever call me an old girl'.

The door opened and Freddy led his wife into the room, she was wearing a blindfold. I looked at her and my balls started to tingle, she looked just like Kelly Preston, even down to her long flowing light brown hair.

'Fuck me, she's gorgeous,' I thought to myself.

She was dressed in a knee-length pale green dress with long sleeves. She had a pearl necklace and matching earrings, she was wearing high heels of a slightly darker green and her stockings were flesh coloured. Her lips were a pale shade of red and her finger nails were green.

"You're in charge," Trudi whispered in my ear as she got up and left the room, leaving a jar of coconut butter on the coffee table.

"Happy birthday darling," Freddy said to his wife as he removed the blindfold, "enjoy."

Freddy slipped out of the room leaving his wife looking at the three of us. Her jaw dropped.

"Hello, " I said, trying to break the ice, "I'm Marcus, happy birthday."

"I'm Billy," said Billy, walking over to her and offering her his hand, "I'm a footballer."

"I'm Laura," she replied, taking his hand and shaking it, "pleased to meet you Billy, and you Marcus."

"Oh, and this is Tim," said Billy pointing to Tim, "he's a footballer too."

"I'm not," I said.

"You look very nice," Billy told her.

"I got dressed to go out tonight. I was expecting to be taken out for dinner."

'There will be plenty of meat for you this evening,' I thought to myself, 'you can bank on that.'

I noticed a bottle of Champagne on the sideboard. I picked it up and popped the cork.

"I assume this is meant for us," I said as I poured four glasses of the fizzy wine and handed them out.

"Shall we sit?" I asked.

Laura sat between Tim and me on the sofa, Billy sat on an armchair to the side.

"How about you strip?" I said to Billy, "show Laura what a fit young professional footballer looks like in the flesh as it were."

"I dunno," he replied, "I have never done that before."

"Oh please," said Laura, "I would love to see your muscles."

Billy stood up and moved the coffee table to one side. We sat and watched as he slowly removed his shoes and socks, throwing the latter first at Tim and then at me. He slowly unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it open, revealing his smooth muscular chest. I turned and looked at Laura, who was staring at him intently.

I put my hand on Laura's knee and gave it a little squeeze, she did not react. Billy pulled his shirt off and dropped it on the floor, then he slowly undid his belt and drew it away from his trousers. He swivelled his hips slightly as he began to get into what he was doing. I moved my hand slowly up Laura's leg, she did not react.

Billy dropped his trousers and stepped out of them. He stood up straight and we could see he was beginning to harden, a slight bulge appearing in his underpants.

"Come here," said Laura, softly.

Billy took a couple of steps towards us and stood just in front of her, she reached forward and took hold of his pants, then she slowly pulled them down.

"Oh that's nice," she whispered as she saw his cock spring out in front of his body.

She put her hands around him, squeezed his tight little buttocks and pulled him towards her. He looked down to see her open mouth waiting for his cock to fill it, he took one more small step and his cock disappeared inside her mouth. He let out a groan as he felt her begin to suck on his cock.

Laura tapped my leg and pointed to the coffee table. I got up, picked up the jar of coconut butter, unscrewed the lid and handed it to her.

She dipped the two middle fingers of her right hand into the jar and covered them in the smooth sticky goo, sucking on Billy's cock all the while.

"Open your legs a bit Billy," I said to him, "I think she wants to do something to you."

The eighteen year old footballer did as he was told, standing legs slightly apart, still having his cock sucked. Then Laura did something to Billy that I had always wanted to have done to me.

Billy let out a squeak as he felt her put her fingers to his ass hole and push.

"Oh fuck!" he cried as Laura pushed her fine tapered fingers inside him.

"Oh man!" Said Tim, "what is she doing to you Bill?"

I slid off the sofa and knelt behind Billy to get a good look at what she was doing to him. She had worked her fingers up him to the last knuckles and as moving them around in him.

"Oh Jesus! Oh my God! Oh fucking Christ alive!" He exclaimed, "I'm gonna come, oh shit, I'm coming!"

I moved around to see Laura swallowing repeatedly as Billy shot what must have been a huge load of spunk down her throat.

After a few seconds Laura took her mouth away from his cock and her fingers out of his ass hole. Billy took a few steps back and collapsed onto the armchair. The look on his face was a picture, his eyes were the size of dinner plates, his expression stunned.

"Freddy loves me doing that to him," Laura told us, "he calls it my party piece."

"Will you do it to me?" Asked Tim.

"Of course sweetie, if you want. Take your clothes off and stand in front of me."

I watched Tim strip hurriedly, he was keen to experience what he had seen. It only took a few seconds before he was standing in front of Laura, cock erect and dribbling pre cum, while she lubed up her fingers again.

"Oh," he said as she took his cock in her mouth and began to suck on it.

"OH!" He cried as he felt her digits penetrate him.

"Uuuuuuuh!" He moaned aloud as she worked her fingers right up inside his rectum.

Whilst she had the two fingers of her right hand up his ass and her mouth wrapped around his cock, Laura started to massage his balls with her left hand, causing Tim to let out yet another moan of passion.

"Oh God, I like this," he said, "I like this so much."

"Mmmmm," was the muffled sound that came from Laura as she fellated him expertly.

It only took about a minute before I saw his legs stiffen and his back arch as he climaxed.

"Oh shit, oh shit oh shit!" He cried as he spent himself in her mouth.

Once again I watched Laura swallow a copious amount of young seed whilst massaging a young prostate gland.

Laura took her mouth away from Tim and he sank to the floor. He knelt in front of her a look of devotion on his face.

"Oh Laura," he said, "that was unbelievable."

"Would you like me to do it to you?" She asked me.

"Not now," I replied, "we have been selfish, it's your birthday and you should be made to feel special, can I undress you?"

"Oh what a gentleman you are Marcus," she said to me, "you can undress me if you like."

She stood up and I stood behind her. I unzipped her dress and pulled it off her shoulders. I kissed the smooth bare flesh of her shoulders and the back of her neck. She let out a little purr of pleasure as she felt my lips on her skin.

'Look and learn,' I thought to myself as I looked at the two young men watching me.

I pushed her dress down her arms and Laura lifted her arms to help the dress fall from her body. I pushed it down over her womanly hips and she wiggled her ass to help it slide off of her. I took hold of her shoulders and span her round. I stood back and looked her up and down.

"My God you are beautiful," I said to her, "a real woman in a real woman's body."

"Do I look nice?" She asked me, "do I really?"

"Yes," I told her, "you look wonderful."

I pulled her to me and kissed her passionately on the lips, she responded by pushing her tongue inside my mouth. I could taste the semen from the two young men she had just fellated but I didn't care.

I reached around her back and unclipped her bra. I pulled away from the kiss and pulled her bra off of her body. I gazed at her lovely breasts and let out a sigh, then I put my mouth to her left nipple and sucked on it.

"That's nice, " she whispered as she ruffled my hair with her hand, "good boy."

I moved my hands down her sides and took hold of her panties. I pushed them down over her hips. I moved my hand over and felt her bush. She took hold of my hand and directed it to her slit where I could feel her wetness. I rubbed her slit gently, causing her to let out a little moan of pleasure.

Laura put her hands on my shoulders and pushed me away gently. I straightened up and looked into her eyes.

"I want to eat you," I told her, "I want to taste your sex."

Laura sat on the sofa and opened her legs. I looked at her with longing. She was still wearing her pearl necklace and earrings, her stockings and her high heels, she looked amazing. I dropped to my knees in front of her and lowered my face to her cunt, I inhaled deeply, savouring her aroma, the smell of a woman aroused.

"Oh fuck yes," she moaned as I pushed my tongue up her cunt, "lick me out, make me come."

As I licked her out, her juice flowed freely onto my tongue and into my mouth. I worked my way up her slit to her clitoris and rubbed it with the tip of my tongue, wriggling it around, making it stiffen.

"Oh Marcus, oh my!" She cried as she began to reach her climax.

"I think she's coming," said Billy, "look at her, she's turning bright red."

"Oh God, oh God!" she cried as she came, her body wracked by a series of convulsions.

"Jesus, look at her!" Exclaimed Tim, "I think she's having a fit!"

Laura groaned loudly as she came, her fingers digging into my scalp as she pressed my face hard against her hot wet cunt. I pulled my head back and took a deep breath, not wanting to suffocate.

"Oh Christ that was good," she murmured as she relaxed, coming down from her high.

"I want to fuck you now," I told her, "I want to stuff my stiff cock inside you and fuck you. Will you let me fuck you?"

She did not reply, she just stared into my eyes and nodded her head. I knelt up, undid my trousers and pulled them, together with my underpants, down my thighs. I put my cock to her wet slit and pushed, my meat went in her in one movement.

"Oh Marcus!" She cried as she felt me fill her, "fuck me!"

I thrust with my hips, shoving my cock in and out of her rapidly, it was not long before I let out a cry and spent myself in her dripping wet cunt.

I relaxed and pulled my softening cock out of her, she sat back on the sofa and smiled at me.

"Was that nice?" She asked.

"Yes, it was nice, it was very nice, Freddy is a lucky man to have you."

"And I am lucky to have such a considerate husband, now, how about some more Champagne?"

Tim did the honours this time, pouring the drinks and passing them round. Laura asked the boys about the football team and they asked where she learned to massage prostate glands.

"My auntie taught me," she told us, "she said that it would help me get a man and keep him."

"Can I fuck you now?" Billy asked her, "I am getting it up again."

"Come on then Bill," she said as she lay back on the sofa, "I would like that."

Billy got between her outspread legs and lowered himself onto her, she let out a sigh as she felt him enter her and he began to fuck her.

"Mmm, nice and slow to start, there's a good boy," she told him.

He pushed his meat inside her and drew it out slowly, stimulating her vagina and himself. After a minute or so his thrusting picked up pace and she moaned loudly and urged him on.

"Oh Billy! Oh yes! Oh my God!" She cried as he brought her off.

"Ooooh!" He exclaimed as he deposited another load of hot spunk in side her already cum-lined cunt.

"Can I do you in your ass?" Asked Tim.

"No Tim, you cannot," she said sternly, "I don't do anal, never have, never will."

"Sorry," he said to her, "I didn't intend to offend you."

"I forgive you," she said to him, "now fuck me in my pussy."

Tim replaced Billy between Laura's legs and stuck his stiff cock in her already overflowing cunt. I could hear it squelch as he pushed it inside her at each thrust of his hips.

"Oh yes, that's nice, mmm," she moaned as he fucked her.

His thrusting got faster and more insistent as he got close to coming.

"Ngh, ngh, uuuuuh!" He uttered as he sent yet another load of hot sticky creamy semen to add to what was already streaming out of her and soaking the sofa.

"How about you Marcus?" She asked me, "fancy another fuck?"

"I can't manage it so soon," I said to her, "I'm not an athlete like these two."

Laura picked up her empty glass and offered it to me. I took the hint and refilled it from the bottle on the sideboard.

"Cheers boys," she said, raising her glass, "here's to new friends."

"New friends," I said, draining the last drop from my own glass.

"How is it going?" Came a voice from the doorway.

We looked over to see Freddy standing there.

"Oh darling," said Laura, "they were wonderful, thank you so much for my present."

"Well," Freddy said to her, "if you get your clothes back on, there is a table at La Belle Pomme waiting for us."

We all got dressed and left the house together. Billy, Tim and me went one way, Freddy and Laura went another.

"She was as fit as fuck," Tim said to me, "I think I like older women a lot."

"And what she did to me with her fingers," added Billy, "fucking hell man!"

I smiled as I left them walking along, chatting happily about their experience with an older woman.

I walked into the kitchen back at my house as Marcus, intending to remove my ring when I got upstairs, Alison and Tibah were there eating a meal.

"Hello," I said to them, "I'm Marcus, I live on the second floor."

"Hi," said Alison, "I'm Alison and this is my friend Tibah."

"Hi," said Tibah, "would you like to join us?"

So I sat and ate with them.

"You seem familiar," said Alison, "have we met before?"

"I don't think so," I replied.

"Ignore her," said Tibah, "Phil has filled her head with nonsense about reincarnation."

"Silly old Phil," I said.

I kept my ring on when I went to bed that night, thinking about Beryl's dream.