 I sat in a pool of my own blood which had congealed and formed a sticky mess under me. I was in a lot of pain. The cell was gloomy, I could see a small amount of light showing through the bars in the door. The door creaked as it was pushed open, someone entered the cell.

"Oh goodness! What has she done to you?"

I recognised the voice, it was Stella.

"Help me," I pleaded, "please, help me."

"Get him out of here and clean him up," she said to a man who had followed her into the cell, "if Lord Price were to see him like this, there would be trouble."

My shackles were removed, I was helped up and then I lost consciousness.

I awoke to find myself in a hard bed in a small room. The walls were bare stone, the floor and ceiling were made of bare wood. I could see no furniture at all apart from a small stool. The window was just an opening in the wall. Sun was streaming in, it was a warm day.

The door opened and Stella walked in, she was dressed in an odd way, a medieval sort of way.

"Becca can be a vicious cow, can't she?" Stella said to me, "she became so enraged when she found out about us."

"I thought she would kill me," I said.

"It was just as well that Aliss noticed your absence, Becca had kept you down there for nearly two days."

"Thank God you got me out of there,"I said to her.

"How are you now that you have rested?" She asked me, "my husband is still away and I have missed my pleasure."

My balls went fuzzy at her words.

"She didn't whip my tongue," I said, "but my cock and balls are a bit sore."

"Your tongue is your best asset," Stella said as she gathered up her skirts and climbed onto the bed.

I threw off the hessian blanket that was covering me and shuffled down the bed. Stella straddled my head and lowered her bushy muff onto me, I inhaled, loving the smell of her.

"Use your tongue on me, Marcus," she said to me, "let me feel my insides boil."

I licked her out, her juice flowed freely out of her slit and into my mouth as I worked on her. She rolled her hips, grinding down on my face as she became more and more aroused.

"Oh fuck yes!" She cried, "by the Lord you are good at this!"

She threw back her head and let out a howl as she had an intense orgasm, squirting her juice all over my face.

She relaxed and moved down the bed a little bit, allowing me to breath more easily. She looked down at me and smiled.

"I can see why she covets you so," Stella said to me, "but she has her husband, she should share you."

"What if she locks me in that cell again?"

"I will make sure she doesn't."

I heard shouts coming from outside, something was going on. Stella got off the bed and went to the window.

"They are approaching," she told me, "my husband and his retinue are near, I shall prepare for their homecoming, you had better do the same."

I got up slowly, I was still in a lot of pain from the beating Becca had given me. Stella looked at me with concern.

"Go down to the laundry," she told me, "see if bathing in hot water will help."

I pulled a long smock over my head and followed her out of the room, she went along the passageway and disappeared into another room, I saw a stone stairway and went down it.

I reached the bottom of the stairway and saw people making ready for the arrival of their master. I stopped a young lad and asked the way to the laundry, he gave me a funny look and pointed to my left.

"It ain't moved master Marcus," he said to me, "least not that anyone's told me if it has."

I walked gently in the direction he indicated, nursing my painful ribs, ass and balls. Soon I could smell laundry and knew I was getting close.

I pushed a large wooden door open and was presented with the sight of several large cauldrons of steaming water being filled with linen and clothing by several women, whilst young women fed the fires under the cauldrons that kept the water hot. One of the women turned to see who had entered the wash room, I caught my breath when I saw it was Rosie.

"Hello master Marcus, " she said to me, smiling, "I was wondering where you had got to."

"Lady Stella has sent me to bathe my wounds, is there a cauldron for me?"

"Climb in that trough over there," she said, pointing to a large wooden trough which was to one side of the room, "we shall fill it with hot water for you."

I climbed into the trough and pulled my smock off over my head. I stood naked as hot water was poured from pails into it by Rosie and the others.

"Who did this to you?" Rosie asked me as she looked at the marks on my body.

"Becca."

"Lady Becca is a vicious cow!" Snapped Rosie, "she just don't know how to share, do she?"

The water was up to my knees and when I sat down in the butt it came up to my shoulders. It felt so relaxing, my pain receded quickly and I felt myself beginning to doze. I closed my eyes.

I heard giggling and opened my eyes, all the women were gathered round the trough, Rosie had stripped off and had one leg over the edge. She was getting in with me.

"You knows what I likes, master Marcus," she said to me, "go on, use that tongue on me."

She stood in the water, her feet as far apart as the trough would allow. I knelt up and put my face to her bush, she smelt of fresh laundry, my favourite smell of all. I poked out my tongue and licked her slit, she let out a moan and grabbed a handful of my hair. There was a murmur of excitement from the group of spectators.

"Oh God Marcus, that feels nice," Rosie moaned as I licked her clit, "I love it when you do this to me."

"Will he do it to me after?" Asked one of the women watching us.

"And me," said another.

"Oh fuck yes!" Cried Rosie as I brought her to a tumultuous climax, "Oh Mother of Christ, YES!!"

I felt a jet of hot liquid hit my chin and dribble into the hot water as her legs shook and her fingers dug into my scalp.

I pulled my head away from her cunt and sat back in the water, she stood motionless, experiencing her orgasm to the full.

Just then a voice came from the doorway demanding that we all go to the courtyard to welcome home our master. The group of women broke up and filed out of the laundry, leaving just Rosie and me.

"When my cock gets better, can I stick it in you?" I asked her.

"Which hole?" She asked in response, a wicked smile on her face.

I covered my face with my hand and shook my head, I was in paradise!

Our lord and master entered the castle accompanied by his friend lord Shaw and his waggon train, comprising of soldiers, squires and prisoners.

"Look who I met on the road," Price said to his wife, "lord Shaw returning from the crusade."

"Welcome, my lord," said Stella to Shaw, giving him her best 'fuck me' look.

Shaw dismounted, took her hand, held it to his lips and kissed it. "My lady," he said to her, giving her a look which said 'I intend to'.

"Where is your pretty niece?" Shaw asked Stella, "I have a gift for her."

"Here sir," came a voice from behind the small crowd gathered around the homecoming noblemen.

I turned to see Alison walk towards Shaw, she looked as beautiful as ever, her long golden hair in a plait, her big blue eyes shining brightly.

"My God you have grown into a beauty!" Exclaimed Shaw, "you were but a child when I last saw you."

"Five years is a long time my lord," Alison replied, "I am eighteen years of age now."

"And you should have your own maid by now, do you have your own maid?"

"No sir, I do not."

"Smith!" Shouted Shaw, "bring the girl here!"

A squire hurried to one of the waggons and climbed inside, returning a few seconds later leading Tibah by the wrist. She did not look happy.

"With your permission lady Price," said Shaw, "I would like to present this girl to the lady Aliss to be her personal maid."

"That is very kind sir," replied Stella, "where is she from?"

"I took her from a Saracen. I showed him mercy in battle and he showed his gratitude by giving me gold and this girl. The gold sits in my waggon and causes no trouble, the girl spits and scratches. Perhaps the lady Becca can break her of that particular habit."

'So Bez has a reputation,' I thought to myself.

"What do you think?" Stella asked Alison, "do you want a maid of your own?"

I watched Alison's face, she seemed to recognise Tibah. I looked at Tibah, her frown softened as she looked at Alison.

"Thank you my lord," she said to Shaw, "may I take her to be cleaned?"

"Yes, run along with her," said Price, "lord Shaw and I have much to catch up on. Come Frank, let's open a vat of wine and relax."

"Bastard!" Came a voice from behind me and I felt an intense pain in my back as a knife was plunged into me.

I awoke with the most indescribable pain in my lower back. I pulled the ring off and dropped it on the floor. I rolled into a ball and cried out, it hurt so much, it was unbearable. I reached for my phone and called an ambulance, then I passed out.

"You have a kidney stone Mr. Watson," the doctor told me, "it may pass if you are lucky."

I was in hospital again. Alison was standing by my bed.

"I didn't know you were at home," she said to me, "I heard you cry out and knocked on your door, I looked for Marcus but he must have gone out."

"Well, I'm here now so everything is o.k.," I said to her, "I'm sure Marcus will turn up again soon."

Alison and the doctor left me to rest and I pondered on my dream. Alison and Tibah were together, but would they stay together? I really wanted to find out, but was it worth the risk?

I passed the stone the next morning and was sent home. There was a message waiting for Marcus on his phone, it was from Hendrick asking if I had any weed for his friend. I packed some up and texted him that I was on my way.

I was greeted at Hendrick's house by an enthusiastic twenty-first century Rosie who put her arms around me and kissed me passionately on the lips.

"Oh how I have missed you," she said to me after taking her tongue from my mouth, "it seems like ages since I've seen you."

"Get upstairs," I told her, "I want to fuck you."

"Come on then," she said, taking my hand, "Hendrick is busy in his studio, you can see him after we have been to bed."

I followed her up the stairs, watching the roll of her beautiful big ass under her knee-length skirt which hugged her figure perfectly.

"Are you enjoying being his house-keeper?" I asked her.

"Yes, I love it. We have lots of interesting visitors and lots of parties."

Rosie opened her bedroom door and we went in. I took her in my arms and held her tight, we smiled at each other.

"I can feel your stiff cock pressing against me," she told me, "get him out, I want him in my mouth."

I let go of her and dropped my trousers and underpants, she dropped to her knees and took my erection in her mouth, I let out a moan of pleasure as she began to suck me off.

It took no more than a couple of minutes for her to get my seed rising in me, I arched my back and threw my head back.

"Oh God Rosie!" I shouted, "I'm coming, watch out!"

She kept her lips wrapped around my shaft as I pumped a huge load of hot spunk down her throat, making her swallow several times to avoid choking on it.

"Oh fuck, you are so good at that," I said to her as she took her mouth away from my now flaccid cock.

"I get to practice a lot on Hendrick and his musician friends," she laughed.

"Get your clothes off and get on the bed," I told her, "I want to lick your beautiful pussy."

Rosie unzipped her skirt and slid it down over her hips and off. I looked at her lovely red lacy panties which had a small damp patch on the gusset. I put my hands on her shoulders and pushed her backwards, she fell onto the bed, her legs going up in the air as she landed.

As Rosie unbuttoned her top I pulled her panties off of her. I held them to my face and breathed in her sensual aroma.

"God, I love your smell," I told her, "why did I let you stay here with him?"

"Eat me," she said to me.

I climbed onto the bed and got down between her outspread legs. She let out a little sigh as my tongue made contact with her labia. I licked her slit and worked my tongue inside her, loving the smell and the wetness of her.

"Oh Marcus," she said to me, "I love it when you do this to me."

"Mmrrmph," was the only sound I could make in reply.

I flicked her clit with the tip of my tongue as I licked her, and after a while I concentrated on stimulating it by pressing it and rubbing it with my tongue. After a few minutes of this she let out a long low moan, indicating that she was on her way.

"Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh!" She moaned as she came, her juice flowing freely out of her and onto my chin.

She pushed my head away and I watched as she bathed in the joy of her orgasm. I love watching women come, the way they twitch, the way they screw up their faces and concentrate on what is happening inside them.

Rosie relaxed and looked at me watching her. I smiled at her as I sat up on the bed.

"Shall we let Hendrick know that you are here?" She asked me.

"Yes," I replied, "let's do that."

We were crossing the hallway when Zeta came running over to Rosie.

"Rosie, you must come and see what I have found," she said in an urgent voice, "there is a secret room."

"Hello Zeta," I said to her, "nice to see you too."

"Yes, hello Marcus," she said dismissively, "I hope you are well. Now, come on Rosie, come and see."

She took hold of Rosie's hand and led her through the door leading to the kitchen, I followed.

"It's down in the cellar," Zeta explained as she led us through the kitchen to the cellar door, "it has been bricked up, but I am sure there is another room down there."

We went down the stone steps to the expansive cellar which was full of junk, there was stuff there that had been left by previous owners and never cleared out. Zeta pointed to a patch of wall where the bricks were newer than the rest.

"See?" She said, "just there."

I cast around for some sort of tool to loosen the bricks and saw Rosie hurry out of the cellar.

"What were you doing down here anyway?" I asked Zeta.

"Exploring," she replied, "Hendrick is busy in his studio and I wanted to get to know my home a bit better."

"Do you know the history of the place?"

"Not much, other than it has been knocked down and rebuilt several times, the foundations go back to the middle ages and it has been a convent."

"Interesting."

Rosie reappeared, accompanied by a well-built young man carrying a hammer, a chisel and a crowbar.

"This is Clem," she said to me, "he has been working on one of the outbuildings for Hendrick. He can make a hole in that wall for us."

Clem took a look at the bricks and proceeded to chisel away the mortar holding them together. It only took a minute or two before he had removed a couple and could begin to open up a space big enough to look through. Zeta shone her torch through the gap and peeked in.

"I was right," she said excitedly, "there is a room there."

"Stand back Mrs. Mahle," said Clem, "I'll make it big enough for you to go in."

'So she's Mrs. Mahle now, is she?' I thought to myself.

Within a few minutes Clem had knocked out enough bricks to let us into the secret chamber. Zeta led the way, using her torch to see what was there. The room was fairly large and had several large packing cases in it.

"Clem," said Zeta, "get a lead lamp so we can get some proper light in here."

Clem went off to do as ordered.

"Isn't this exciting?" Said Rosie, "secret rooms and sealed up crates, I wonder what is in them?"

Clem returned and set up a lamp so the whole space was illuminated, Zeta immediately started to prise open one of the crates. I noticed the words Abbots manor stencilled on it.

Clem helped Zeta and the lid came off the crate and fell to the floor, the four of us gathered round and looked inside, there were lots of clay containers packed in straw inside the open crate. Zeta picked one of the containers up and removed the lid, she let out a gasp as she saw what was in side.

"Look at this beautiful necklace," she said holding up an elaborate jewel encrusted golden necklace, "quick Rosie, help me put it on."

Zeta held it around her neck and Rosie clipped it together, then something happened, something weird. Zeta's eyes turned red, not bloodshot but the iris's actually turned red and her pupils became constricted to the size of pin heads. Then she spoke.

"Who has summoned Sha-ra from her slumber?" Zeta said in a voice much deeper than her own, "have they found the princess and her lover?"

"Zeta?" Said Rosie, "what's happened to you?"

Zeta looked at Clem and a licentious grin appeared on her face.

"Are you a whole man?" She asked Clem.

"What do you mean, a whole man?" He replied, a worried look on his face.

Zeta reached out and took hold of his jeans by the waistband. She tore them away from his body as if they were made from paper. Casting his jeans aside, Zeta ripped his underpants to pieces with her fingers, leaving him naked from the waist down.

"Oh yes, you are a whole man," she said as she cupped his balls in her left hand, "get on the floor, I need to slate my thirst for seed."

Clem seemed reluctant to do what she wanted so she gave him a push and he fell backwards onto the dusty floor. Zeta tore her own clothes off in an instant and straddled the worried workman, she squatted over him and took his flaccid cock in her hand.

"Do not be afraid of me," she said placatingly, "you will enjoy this, I am sure."

Zeta massaged Clem's cock for a few seconds and it became stiff. Clem let out a moan of pleasure as he felt her fingers stimulate him expertly. Zeta lowered herself onto him, taking his length inside her, then she started to move on him.

"Oh fucking hell!" He cried as he felt her vagina envelope his cock, "she is so hot and so tight!"

"Hush man!" Ordered Zeta, "let Sha-ra enjoy you in silence."

Rosie and I watched wide-eyed as Zeta ground down on Clem, wiggling her hips and rolling her tummy. After a minute or so she let out a loud squeal and dug her fingers into his shirt.

"AAAAAHHH!!!" She cried out. She was obviously having some sort of orgasm, a pretty intense one by the sound of things.

"I'm coming!" Shouted Clem, "oh God, I'm coming, oh, oh fuck, oh FUUUUUCK!"

He screwed up his eyes and grimaced, he was coming alright, we could see that!

Zeta slumped forward onto Clem's chest, her breathing was ragged, she was still in the throes of her orgasm. Clem looked drained, as if his entire being had been sucked out of him.

"Are you o.k. Clem?" I asked.

"I-don't-know," he croaked in reply, "I feel like I am a husk."

"What the fuck just happened?" Asked Rosie.

"I think Zeta has been possessed," I replied, "it's the necklace I reckon."

Zeta got up from Clem and stood over him, a flood of thick creamy liquid fell from her vagina and puddled on his shirt.

"Did he produce all that?" Said an amazed Rosie, "she has emptied him completely."

I looked at where his balls had once been, now there was nothing. I swallowed, thanking providence that she had not picked on me.

"Did you summon me?" Zeta asked, pointing at Rosie, "are you the princess Tibaq's familiar?"

"No I didn't and no I'm not," replied Rosie, "I have no idea what you are talking about."

"I think she might be looking for me," I said to Rosie.

I held out my hand to Zeta, or whoever she was, showing the ring to her.

"The searcher's ring," she said to me, "has it shown you the tunnel?"

"Not that I know of," I replied.

"What the fuck are you on about?" said Rosie.

"The Princess and her lover are condemned to walk the world in sorrow," explained Zeta or Sha-ra, "until they enter the tunnel which leads to eternity."

"What a load of crap!" Laughed Rosie, "you are playing a joke on me. And Zeta, you never told me you fancied Clem, what will Hendrick say?"
