 I woke early the next morning but Anka had gone. I looked at my clock, it was nearly seven. I got up, put a robe on and sneaked out of Marcus' room and up to Phil's to get ready for work.

I took a shower in Phil's en-suite and dried myself with a big soft towel. I took hold of my ring and pulled on it, it would not budge! 

"Oh no, please!" I said aloud as I tugged and tugged on it, "don't do this to me!"

After about five minutes of pulling on it and applying lubricant to help it slip off I gave up and sat on my bed.

"So you want me to stay as Marcus for good now, do you?" I asked the ring, "still, I suppose that's going to be more fun than staying as Phil."

I phoned Hendrick Mahle and asked him if he would like an Egyptologist to take a look at the treasure Zeta had discovered in their cellar, he said he would like that very much.

Reggie called and told me to meet him at 'Brill', so I got a cab and went there.

"Someone give you a beatin'?" He asked me when he saw me.

"Car crash, couple of days ago," I told him, "I'm o.k. though."

"I got a call from the Indian girl, seems there's a problem."

"What sort of problem?"

"It seems the old girl got a sister and she is going to get the house."

"Oh shit!"

"Yes, oh shit."

"What are you going to do?"

"You are going to do what you do best."

"Sorry?"

"Give her some lovin' Marcus, keep her sweet."

"Oh right, yeah."

I went to Beryl's, Gudi let me in.

"I'm going to Nina's," she told me, "Beryl's sister is coming round this morning. Try and keep her out of the loft. Reggie and I are going to try and buy this place from her so nothing needs to be done just yet."

"Did Beryl leave you anything?" I asked.

"A few ornaments, some money and her jewellery."

"That's nice."

"I liked her a lot, she was a good friend."

"Let's hope her sister is nice too."

I was sitting in the kitchen with a cup of tea when I heard the front door open, I got up and went to see who it was.

"Oh, hello," she said to me when she saw me, "I didn't expect anyone to be here."

I stood and stared at her, she was Beryl's double!

"My God!" I exclaimed, "Beryl! You've come back!"

She looked at me as if I was crazy.

"I don't know who you are, young man," she said to me, "but I am Janet, Beryl's younger sister, younger by a whole year."

"I am so sorry," I replied, "I am Marcus, I was a friend of hers. You have to admit, you do look similar."

"Do you think so?" She asked, smiling, "I know she was very popular with the men when we were younger."

'I bet you were too,' I thought to myself.

"Tea?" I asked.

"Yes please," she replied.

We sat and Janet told me that she had worked for the civil service and had been posted overseas for the last thirty years. She and Beryl had lost touch and the first she knew of Beryl's demise had been when the solicitor had contacted her.

"I retired a few weeks ago," she told me, "and decided to come home. And my wonderful sister has left me a house to live in."

'Oh shit,' I thought, 'she isn't going to sell it to Reggie and Gudi.'

"Can I show you around?" I asked.

"Go on then, Marcus," she said to me, "show me what I have inherited."

It wasn't a very big bungalow and it did not take long to show Janet all the rooms.

"I think I will like it here," she told me, "were you and my sister very close Marcus?"

'Go on,' I thought to myself, 'nothing ventured, nothing gained.'

I moved close to Janet and looked intensely into her eyes, she looked back just as intensely. I put my hands on her shoulders, pulled her to me and kissed her on the mouth.

"Mmmm," she mumbled as we kissed.

"Yes," I whispered to her as I broke away from the kiss, "very, very close."

Janet took me by the hand and led me to the bedroom, she pushed me onto the bed and climbed on top of me. She sat up and began to unbutton my shirt, I could feel her ass resting on my rapidly stiffening cock.

I reached up and started to massage her breasts through the material of her top, our hands became tangled as we tried to work on each other.

"Let me undress you to start with," she said to me, "then you can do what you want to me."

Her words sent my balls into tingle overdrive! I knew that my cock would be dribbling pre cum into my underpants.

Janet got my shirt undone and then went to work on my trousers. She climbed off of me, got off the bed and pulled them down as far as my shoes. She unlaced my shoes and pulled them, together with my socks, off my feet and dropped them on the floor.

Once my trousers were off Janet took hold of my underpants and slowly drew them off of me. My cock sprang up as it was released from the confines of my pants.

"Yes," she said," I can see what my sister saw in you."

I let out a little moan of pleasure as she leaned down and took my cock in her mouth. 

"Oh fuck, that feels good," I whispered to her as she began to gently suck on me.

After a minute or so I took hold of her hair and gently pulled her head away from me.

"Nice?" She asked, smiling.

"Come here," I said.

She climbed back onto the bed and lay next to me, we started kissing again, our tongues wriggling around, first in my mouth, then in hers.

I broke the embrace and pushed her off the bed. She stood up and I stood in front of her. I pulled her top off over her head and took a good look at her beautiful breasts clad in a black lacy bra.

"Do you like me?" She asked.

"Oh so very much," I replied.

I undid her trousers and pushed them down. She wriggled her hips and they fell to her ankles. I took hold of her black lacy panties and pushed them down over her hips. I took in the sight of her lovely bush and sighed, she was just like Beryl had been.

Janet lifted her feet one at a time and pulled her shoes off, she was left just wearing her flesh coloured stockings.

"Stockings on or stockings off?" She asked.

"Off," I replied, "but I want to do it."

Janet smiled at me and sat on the bed. I knelt in front of her and took hold of her stocking top. She lifted her leg and I slowly pulled her stocking down. I looked at her beautiful pussy as I removed her stocking, I could not wait to stick my cock inside her. She lifted her other leg and I pulled her stocking down.

"Do you go for the more mature lady then Marcus?" She asked me.

"When they look as beautiful as you I do," I replied.

I put my finger to her slit and rubbed her pussy lips, she let out a little mew in response. I slipped my finger inside her, she was wet.

"Come on then," she said softly, "stick your cock in me."

I took hold of her by the ankles and span her round so she was on the bed then I climbed on top of her and put my cock to her slit. She looked longingly into my eyes as I slid my meat inside her.

"Oh," she said as I filled her, "oh lovely."

I thrust with my hips, pumping my meat in and out of her enthusiastically. I lowered my head to her left breast and sucked on her nipple as I fucked her. She put her arms around me and held me tight as I stuffed her with my stiff cock.

"Oh Marcus! Oh yes! Oh my goodness!" She cried out as she came.

I stopped moving in her and enjoyed the sensation of having my cock squeezed gently by her vaginal contractions.

"Mmmm," she said as I started moving again, "are you nearly there?"

"Yes," I grunted as I felt my seed leave my body in a series of squirts, "I'm coming Janet."

"I can feel it," she told me, "it feels nice having a man come inside me."

"It feels lovely, coming inside you," I told her in reply.

I rolled off of her and lay next to her. We turned our heads and looked into each other's eyes.

"You are welcome to visit whenever you want," she told me.

"What are your views on cannabis?" I asked her.

We were sitting in the kitchen when Gudi came back from Nina's house. 

"We are in the kitchen!" I called out when I heard the front door open.

Gudi came into the kitchen and I introduced her to Janet, she was just as amazed as me at Janet's similarity to Beryl.

"Will you be selling this place?" Gudi asked her.

"No," she replied, "and don't worry, Marcus has told me all about your business partnership with Beryl, we can carry on as if nothing has happened."

Gudi smiled broadly, came over to Janet, put her arms around her and gave her a big hug.

"When will you move in?" I asked.

"As soon as possible," she replied, winking at me.

I got a call from Reggie later that day, Jack had another grow ready for collection.

I arrived at the farm the next morning, the dogs greeted me as usual. I went to the front door of the farmhouse and knocked, Jack opened the door and let me in.

"Where's Stella?" I asked.

"She's away for a couple of days," he replied.

"Oh," I said in a disappointed voice.

"Not to worry lad," he said to me, "I let Bez know you were coming, she will be here in a minute."

I heard a car pull up in the farmyard and looked out of the window. My heart started thumping when I saw her, it was Bez alright and she looked amazing!

"Go on Marcus," Jack said to me, "she's come to take you out."

I walked out of the house and towards the car, a bright red MX5, she was wearing sunglasses so I could not see her eyes, but she was not smiling.

"Get in," she said.

I got in the car and turned to look at her, I smiled, she did not smile back.

"Do you know how long it has been?" She asked me.

"Sorry mistress," I replied, instinctively becoming submissive, "I won't let it happen again."

She put the car in gear and tore out of the farmyard and down the road.

She did not speak to me whilst she was driving and I did not dare to speak to her. The memory of what lady Becca had done to me was fresh in my mind, in fact I was worried what Bez might have planned for me.

She drove us to a small village near the coast and pulled up outside of a little cottage which overlooked a harbour. She turned and looked at me.

"Well," she said, "get out then."

I got out of the car, walked around to her side, opened her door and took her hand. She got out of the car, stood up and brushed the creases out of her knee length pale blue cotton dress.

She took her sunglasses off as she led me to the front door of the cottage and let us both in. She led me straight up the narrow staircase to a small neat bedroom which was filled with a large bed.

"Get undressed," she told me.

I took my clothes off and stood next to the bed. Bez looked me up and down.

"I can see why she is tempted by you," she said to me, "you are quite attractive. But I don't see why you are tempted by her when you have me."

"But I don't always have you, mistress," I replied, "your husband...."

"Quiet!" She hissed, "do not mention him when we are together!"

"Sorry mistress."

"Get on the bed."

I did as I was told. My cock had not become stiff, but still there was a small drop of clear sticky pre cum leaking out of it and running over the edge of my wrinkled foreskin. Bez leaned over and pulled my foreskin back.

"Oh!" I moaned aloud as I felt her touch.

"Do not move," she told me as she turned away and picked something out of the little bedside cabinet.

She turned back and I saw she was holding a chrome plated ring between her forefinger and thumb.

"I think you need a bit of discipline," she said to me, "perhaps if you did not ejaculate quite so freely you might learn to leave her alone."

"Mistress?" I said in a puzzled voice.

Bez slipped the ring over my flaccid penis all the way down to it's base, then she began to gently caress the tip of my cock, making it swell.

"Oh mistress," I whispered as I felt myself stiffen.

"Oh mistress!" I cried as I felt the ring constrict my cock shaft.

"There," she said, "that should keep it in you."

I lay on the bed in silence as Bez began to rub my cock shaft.

"You are a bit dry," she said to me, "let me put that right."

She lowered her head, opened her mouth and dribbled some of her saliva onto my cock.I watched as it ran down the shaft. Bez put her hand around my cock shaft and began to wank me.

"Oh God!" I cried out as I felt her hand working on me.

"Can you feel it coming?" She asked me, "do you want to shoot that huge load out, all over yourself?"

"Yes mistress," I pleaded, "make me come, please make me come."

She sped up, her hand moving up and down on me at some rate, I could feel something happening inside me. Then it happened.

"OH FUCKING HELL!!" I shouted out as I felt myself trying to ejaculate.

My spunk was trying to get out of me but the ring was stopping it, I could feel pressure building up in the base of my cock. I was shooting a load but it had nowhere to go. So it went backwards.

"Oh Jesus! Oh fuck! Oh Christ!" I called out as I felt my guts implode, "it hurts, oh it hurts," I whimpered.

My cock softened as I stopped ejaculating inside myself and Bez let go of it.

"There," she said, "let that be a lesson to you."

I lay on the bed and watched as she took her dress off, my body still in shock at what had been done to it. She leaned down and removed her shoes. I looked at her in her red lacy underwear, at her lovely long legs, at her beautiful face and wondered where she had got such a nasty streak from.

Bez climbed onto the bed next to me and lay on her back.

"Well, come on, do what you do best," she said to me.

I began to massage her breasts through the material of her bra whilst I kissed her neck. I swear she actually purred like a cat when I kissed her just below her ear. I got my hand under her and fumbled with the clasp of her bra, she rolled over a little to allow me to undo it properly.

Once her bra was off I started to suckle on her tits, first the left one and then the right one. Her nipples became hard and turned a darker shade of pink. I left off sucking and began to kiss my way down her tummy to her panties. She took hold of her panties and pushed them down over her hips, giving me access to her lovely soft brown bush.

I kissed her bush and she pushed her panties down further. I stopped kissing, took hold of her panties and pulled them all the way down her legs. She took her left leg out of them and spread her legs.

"Eat me," she ordered me.

I got my face between her thighs and began to lick her pussy. She moaned with pleasure and wiggled her hips as she felt my tongue make contact with her clitoris. I pressed on her clit with my tongue and flicked at it with the tip.

"God that is nice," she murmured as I licked her out, her juice flowing freely out of her.

I licked and lapped at her cunt for several minutes and brought her to a shuddering climax.

"Oh yes!" She cried, "oh fucking yes!"

She arched her back and gripped the duvet as she came, a jet of liquid came squirting out of her cunt, coating my chin and neck. After a while she calmed down and relaxed, her breathing became regular and her convulsions stopped.

"If you ever make me wait so long for this ever again," she said angrily, "I am going to cut your balls off and stuff them down your throat."

"Sorry mistress," I replied in a small voice.

"When are you going back?" She asked.

"Tomorrow morning."

"Get dressed, we are going out for lunch."

The pub in the village served a good lunch. The holiday season was coming to an end and it was not very busy, we sat at a table by a window and watched the boats bobbing in the harbour as we ate.

"Do you believe in reincarnation?" I asked her.

"Not sure," she replied, "I would like to think that when I die it will not be the absolute end for my soul."

"If I told you that I have seen you in an earlier life, what would you say?"

"That you were probably high on that weed that Jack Price grows."

"As a matter of fact I was."

After lunch we went back to the cottage, once again she led me upstairs to the bedroom.

"Get undressed," she ordered me as before.

I removed my clothes and stood in front of her, just as I had earlier that day. The ring was hanging loosely on my cock, she pushed it up the shaft until it was at the base of my cock and then she knelt in front of me and took me in her mouth.

"Oh no mistress," I pleaded,"not again."

She did not take her mouth away and reply, she just sucked on my cock and rubbed it with her tongue. I became hard very quickly and the ring tightened on my girth.

"You need to be taught a lesson," she said to me as she stopped fellating me and began to wank me off again.

She held my cock tightly and worked her hand up and down on the shaft rapidly. I could feel my seed rising again, wanting release.

"Oh God no!" I cried out as I felt it come, "please don't!"

I imploded once again, my spunk squirting backwards, going God knows where in my body.

My cock softened and she took the ring away. She put it on the bedside cabinet, then she took her clothes off. She got on the bed as before and opened her legs.

"Eat me," she ordered.

I did as I was told, licking her as I had that morning, giving her an intense orgasm as I had that morning.

"We had better be going," she said to me after she had recovered her composure, "I am working at the pub this evening."

We got dressed and she drove me back to Jack's farm.

Jack took me to the pub that evening and we had a few beers, Bez kept her eye on me in case I tried getting friendly with any of the women that were there. Ollie turned up later on, so I knew I was not going to see her that night. Jack took me back to the farm.

I went up to my room and got ready for bed, I was worried about the ring, if it would not come off, what would happen to me in the night? Try as I might, I could not get it off my finger. I crept into bed and waited.