 "What a nice house," said Anka as we drove up to Hendrick's.

"It is built on very old foundations," I replied, "it has a lot of history."

We were greeted by Rosie, who welcomed Anka with a smile and winked at me knowingly.

Hendrick appeared and welcomed Anka to his home, she asked to be taken straight to the treasure.

"We have not moved it out of the room Zeta found it in," he told us, "I don't know why, but there is just an atmosphere down there."

Hendrick led us through the kitchen and down into the cellar where more lighting had been set up. The opening to the hidden room had been made bigger and more lighting had been installed. We walked in to see that more crates had been opened and a table set up for Anka to sit at whilst she inspected the artefacts. Anka sat and picked up a small golden cat.

"My God," she said in a hushed voice, "this has not seen the light of day for nearly three thousand years."

"It is beautiful, isn't it?" Hendrick said to her.

"They worshipped cats you know," Anka told him, "what else is there?"

"Not much in the way of golden ornaments," he answered, "but there is a lot of parchment with lots of writing on it."

"Really?" Anka asked, becoming excited, "I need to see it!"

Hendrick produced some jars which had been opened, Anka looked inside one of the jars and carefully pulled out a roll of papyrus. She gingerly tried to unroll it, it started to fall to pieces.

"I think this is going to be a long job," she told us, "any chance of a coffee?"

We went back upstairs to the kitchen where Rosie had started to do some baking. Hendrick put the kettle on and I sat at the table.

"She's very pretty," Rosie said to me, "are you fucking her?"

"Now and then," I replied.

"Don't get jealous Rosie," said Hendrick, "you can't expect him to stay celibate when you are here getting it whenever the mood takes you."

"How can I be jealous when I can have you, Hendrick?" Rosie asked him as she wiped her hands in her apron and went to him.

Hendrick stopped making the coffee and put his arms around her. He gave her a squeeze and kissed her on the mouth. She put her arms around his neck and pulled him close. I could tell that they had their tonuges in each other's mouths.

"I want you now, at this minute, on this table," Rosie said to him, pointing to the kitchen table.

I stood up and cleared the table for them. Rosie kicked off her shoes, unzipped her jeans and pulled them off. As she walked to the table Hendrick grabbed hold of her panties and pulled on them, they slipped down, exposing her lovely fulsome ass.

Rosie climbed onto the table and lay on her back, I reached over and pulled her panties off of her. Hendrick dropped his trousers and pants to his knees and climbed onto the table. Rosie was still wearing her apron which she lifted up for him. I watched as he lowered himself onto her, his cock disappearing inside her cunt with ease.

"That's my Rosie," he said to her, "always wet."

"It's this house" she replied, "there is something about it. I'm usually not this randy all the time."

"Oh Rosie," said Hendrick as he fucked her, "oh Rosie!"

"Fuck me Hendrick, oh yes fuck me!" She cried.

I watched, my cock growing stiff. Hendrick was giving her a good fucking and she was loving it!

"Oh God Hendrick, I 'm cominnnnnnngggg!" cried Rosie as she had an intense orgasm.

"Oh fuck yes!" He cried in response as he shot a load up her.

I stripped off my trousers and underpants and as soon as Hendrick climbed off the table I took his place.

"Oh yes Marcus!" Cried Rosie, " stick it in me, make me come again."

I rammed my stiff cock inside her spunk coated cunt and began to fuck her forcefully. She pushed upwards as I bore down on her, my balls squashed between her ass and my thighs. It took less than two minutes before I let out a yell and shot my load.

"Oh Rosieeeeeeee!" I shouted as I spent myself in her, squirt after squirt of hot thick creamy spunk shooting out of my cock and mixing with the cum that Hendrick had already left inside her.

"Oh fuck yes Marcus!" She cried in reply, "Oh God! Oh God!"

I could feel her contractions as she had yet another strong orgasm and I could hear her fists hammering on the table.

Eventually I climbed off of her. I sat on the table and caught my breath. I looked at Hendrick, who was smiling at me.

"She's good, isn't she?" He said to me, "I wonder what she would be like if she put that necklace on?"

"Do not go there!" I said in reply, "I quite like my balls."

"Clem's have started to come back," Hendrick said to me, "he is keeping out of Zeta's way though, in case she attacks him again."

'So the damage is not permanent,' I thought to myself, 'that's interesting.'

Hendrick pulled his trousers back up and finished making the coffee. Rosie put her panties and jeans back on and continued baking.

"I can feel your cum leaking out of me," she said to me, "my panties are soaked in it."

"Good girl," I said to her, "I like the thought of you walking around with your pussy bathed in my cum."

"And mine," said Hendrick.

I watched Rosie as she stirred the cake mix, she smiled as she worked. She really was a lovely woman.

Anka spent the whole day in the cellar, only stopping to eat a quick sandwich and drink more coffee. I went down to see what she had learned about the treasure.

"It is fascinating," she told me, "but a lot of it is pure fantasy."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"Well, the princess Tibah was entombed with her lover, which I can believe, but then some priestess casts some sort of spell which causes them to reincarnate. The scrolls talk of magic rings as well, rings which bring their servants to life to help them in their quest for peace."

'So there is more than one ring,' I thought to myself.

"Where are these rings?" I asked.

"In the tomb with the princess and her lover I suppose."

"Could they have been taken from the tomb do you think?"

"I don't know, perhaps they are in one of the containers."

"What about the necklace."

"What, this one?" Anka held up the necklace that Zeta had worn.

"Careful with that," I said to her.

"Why, it seems in very good condition."

"Don't put it on."

"Why not?" Anka asked as she put it round her neck.

I ran out of the room and up the stairs as fast as I could. Hendrick was sitting in the kitchen chatting to Kevin about their recording.

"She's put the necklace on!" I shouted as I ran into the kitchen.

"Who has?" Asked Kevin.

"Anka," I replied.

Kevin got up and walked towards the cellar door.

"Rosie told me that she is very pretty, I would like to meet her," he said as he got to the stairs.

"I wouldn't if I were you," I said to him.

My warning fell on deaf ears as he descended the stairs to the cellar.

"Hello Marcus, " came a voice from the door to the hall, "I have been to the town, look who I have brought back with me, my brother."

I turned to see Zeta and Gary enter the kitchen.

"We had better go down and try and save Kevin," I said to Hendrick, "you saw what happened to Clem's balls."

We all filed down the stairs to the cellar. I led the others to the room where the treasure was. Anka was standing in front of Kevin, her eyes had turned bright red, just like Zeta's had done when she had put the necklace on.

"Are you a whole man?" The possessed Egyptologist asked the dance musician.

"Not one for small talk, are you," he replied, smiling.

Anka tore her own clothes off in front of him, I saw his eyes widen and a huge smile appear on his face as he saw what was on offer.

"You are beautiful," he said to her, "too beautiful to be hidden away in a cellar, even one full of treasure."

"Breed with me," she said to him, turning her back on him and bending over the table.

"Kevin, don't!" I shouted, but my warning fell on deaf ears.

We all watched as Kevin dropped his trousers and underpants, spat on his hand, rubbed his saliva over his stiffening cock and shoved it in Anka's waiting cunt.

"This is good," she said as he began to fuck her.

"It's more than good," he replied, "it's fucking lovely!"

We stood and watched as Kevin gave Anka a good fucking, stuffing his hard cock up her cunt as far as it would go. She had a huge grin on her face as she took all he could give.

"Fucking hell!" Said Gary, "she's keen. I'd like to be doing that."

Anka turned at the sound of his voice, she looked Gary in the eye.

"Are you a whole man?" She asked him.

"Too bloody right, darlin'," he replied, hurriedly removing his clothes.

"Oh my God!" Cried Kevin as he began shooting his load inside Anka.

"Oh yes," she said, "put your seed in me, I desire the seed of man."

"Is it nice in her?" Asked Gary.

"Oh God, her cunt is sucking my insides out!" Cried Kevin, his cock still stuffed all the way up Anka.

"Have you come?" Asked Zeta.

"Still.... Coming...," replied Kevin.

"Feed my body with your seed," said Anka, "empty yourself inside me."

"No... More.... Please...," pleaded Kevin, who looked about to lose consciousness.

Finally Kevin broke away from Anka and collapsed onto the cellar floor. He curled up into the foetal position, his hands wrapped protectively around his genitals.

"Breed with me," Anka said, looking at Gary.

Gary walked quickly to her, put his stiff little cock to her hole and pushed it up her as far as it would go, then he started to fuck her in his inimitable style, that of a rabbit in a hurry.

"Fucking hell, this is nice!" He cried as he fucked her, his thighs slapping against the backs of hers.

"Yes small cock," she said to him, "this is how I remember it, you are so good at this."

Her words made me pause for thought, was Gary also a reincarnation of an ancient?

Gary gave her a really good seeing to and after a couple of minutes she let out a cry.

"Yes! Yes! " She shouted, "fuck me! Oh my goodness! Oooooh!"

"She's coming," said Zeta, "look at her"

Anka was indeed having one hell of an orgasm, actual steam was coming from her nostrils and her mouth!

"Oh sweet Jesus!" Shouted Gary as he began to ejaculate inside her, "you are fucking lovely!"

"Uh!" Was the sound that came from Anka as she relaxed and slumped forward onto the table.

"Oh my God!" Cried Gary, "I can feel her cunt milking me dry!"

He was trying to pull out of her but seemed to be stuck.

"Oh," he muttered as he stood there, his bodily fluid being drawn out of him.

Eventually she let him go and he too fell onto the floor. He curled up in a ball, his hands between his legs, but he had the biggest smile on his face that I had ever seen.

Whilst she was still slumped on the table, I went over and removed the necklace from her. I stuffed it in my pocket and stood back. After a few seconds Anka stood up from the table and looked at herself.

"What just happened?" She asked.

"I don't know," said Zeta, "but it was pretty exciting."

"My balls!" Cried Kevin, "what have you done with my balls?"

"Give them a day or two, they'll be back," Hendrick told him reassuringly.

"I seem to be naked," said Anka, "why am I naked?"

"Come with me," said Zeta, "I'll find you something to put on, your clothes are a little torn."

Zeta led the disorientated Anka out of the room, Hendrick and I looked at the two victims of Sha-Ra's lust and smiled.

"Shall I keep the necklace safe?" I asked Hendrick.

"It's probably for the best," he replied.

It was agreed that Anka stay with Hendrick and Zeta whilst she deciphered the papyrus scrolls. I left for home later that evening.

When I got home I went up to my room and got out some of the weed I had intended to give to Claire. She had been decorating Trudi's house of fun and I had wanted to take her some round, but the opportunity never presented itself. I decided to roll myself a big joint and see if I could initiate some more 'memories' of my past lives. I rolled up, lit up, sat back and waited.

As I felt myself drift away I saw the scenery change and felt the temperature rise. I blinked and I was in a large sunlit room lying on a big soft mattress next to Bez, we were both naked.

"We are so lucky to have found this place," she said to me, "the princess is safe here and she seems to have found a friend in princess Tibah."

"Yes," I replied, "we are very lucky, now come here."

With that, I rolled over on top of her and began to kiss her on her mouth. She put her arms around me and held me tight as we kissed. I broke away and started to kiss her neck, she let out a little sigh and, taking hold of my shoulders, pushed me in a southerly direction.

I kissed my way down her body, stopping to spend some time kissing her lovely firm young breasts and suckling on her bright pink nipples. I kissed her flat tummy and poked my tongue into her belly button.

"Oh Marc," she giggled, "stop it!"

I worked my way down to her beautiful bush and as I kissed her there she opened her legs for me.

"Use your tongue on me," she said softly, "I love it when you use your tongue on me."

I settled down between her outspread legs and put my tongue to her slit. She let out a moan as I wriggled the tip of my tongue in between her labia. I could feel her wetness on my tongue.

"Mmmm," she moaned, "yes."

I worked on her for minutes, licking her out, massaging her clitoris with my tongue until she let out a long low groan which told me she was coming, then I stopped.

"No!" She cried, "do not do this again! Get back in there and finish the job!"

I smiled to myself as I applied my tongue to her clit and brought her over the edge.

"Yes! Yes! YEESSSSS!" she shouted as she had an intense orgasm, her legs shaking, her body convulsing.

I came up for air, her juice running off my chin and dripping onto her thigh.

"Nice?" I asked.

She looked at me and gave me a slap across the cheek, then she grabbed my hair and pushed my face onto the wet that was on her thigh.

"Lick that up," she told me, and I did.

Bez knelt up on the bed and pushed me onto my back. I lay on the bed with my erection sticking up in the air. She lowered her head over me and took my stiff cock in her mouth.

"Oh Bek," I moaned, "oh my love."

She fellated me expertly, wrapping her tongue around my cock shaft and then licking my tip as she sucked gently on me.

"I want to stick it in you," I said to her after a minute or so.

"Come on then," she replied as she took her mouth away from me.

She got on her hands and knees and I knelt behind her. I slipped my cock inside her in one smooth movement. The feeling of her hot wet cunt around me was sublime!

"Oh yes Marc!" She cried as I fucked her, "oh yes!"

I started thrusting more quickly as I felt myself getting close. I rammed my meat in and out at quite a pace and then let out a grunt as I felt my seed squirt out of me in a series of jets, filling her insides.

"Oh Bek," I said to her, "oh my lovely Bek."

I could feel her contractions as she came with me inside her and I could see her gripping the linen sheet with her clenched fists, I smiled to myself and congratulated myself on making her come again.

We lay in each other's arms for a while, enjoying the afterglow of our love-making. Things were just perfect.

We heard a noise from outside and I disentangled myself from her arms and went to see what was going on. Three women entered the room and stood in front of me. I recognised them as Sarah Lewis, Lexi Radford and Debby Jones, all from LKJ, my firm.

"It doesn't work you know," Sarah said loudly to Bez, over my shoulder, "no matter how much he uses it, it still doesn't work."

"I'm sorry," I said to her, "what is going on?"

Sarah walked around me and went over to Bez. The others stood and looked at my naked body with some interest.

"I am the priestess from the temple of Sha-ra," she told Bez, "your friend here visits us from time to time. Sha-ra is the goddess of fertility and women who want to bear a child come to us to be put with child by handsome strong men, one of which is young Marc here. The only trouble is that he doesn't seem to be able to put any of them with child."

"Is this true?" Bez asked me, a shocked look on her face.

I nodded dumbly.

"Bastard!" Cried Bez, "you fucking bastard!"

"When they come for you tomorrow," said Sarah, "I shall be there to watch you die."

I came back from my 'memory' with a jolt. I thought about what I had seen. Bez must be a reincarnation of this Bek I had been in bed with and I had cheated on her. The ring must have chosen Phil Watson to become Marcus because as Phil I had not had children. I had never tried to have children but did this mean that I couldn't? I decided that i needed to get back to Hendrick's to learn more about the princess.