 Dominic Miles was sitting at his desk when his phone rang. He picked it up.

"Dom," said the voice at the other end, "anything to report?"

"Nothing special, boss," he replied, "just the usual suspects doing the usual things. I don't mean to nag but how much longer do I have to stay in this shit-hole?"

"I would send someone to take over but we just don't have the man-power. I tell you what, I will send you something to keep your spirits up."

Kim received a text on the phone she had bought for Bea, it was from Frank, telling her to go to an address in Bratton Heights and 'be nice' to the man who lived there. Frank had kept her for himself up until now and she became quite excited at the prospect of sex with a stranger again. She had enjoyed being used by the two men Reggie had sent her to and wanted it to happen again. Kim put her ring on, got dressed and went out.

As Bea she picked her way through the garbage strewn corridor to the lift of the tower block. She pushed the button but nothing happened.

"You are wasting your time," came a voice from her left, "it hasn't worked in years."

Bea turned to see who had spoken, it was a very pretty blonde girl, probably eighteen years old or so. She was dressed smartly, she looked out of place walking through the mess and the piss that adorned the floor.

"Stairs?" She asked the girl.

"There," the girl replied, pointing to her right and walking towards the exit.

Bea walked up the eight flights of stairs to flat eighty-six and knocked on the door. It was opened by a scruffy looking young man. Bea's excitement evaporated.

"Hi," he said, "come in."

Bea followed the man into the flat, looking around her as she was led along the passage into the living room.

"It's not much, but it's home," he said to her, "well, for now anyway."

"Shall I sit?" Bea asked him.

"Oh sorry," he replied, "yes, please do. I'm Dominic, but call me Dom." He held out his hand.

"Bea," she said, taking his hand and shaking it.

"Coffee?" He asked her.

"Sure."

Dom was in a bit of a panic. The girl was a beauty and he looked like a tramp. The 'something to keep his spirits up' that Frank Shaw had sent him was a beautiful prostitute and he had not been prepared for that. He knew he could have her as he was, but he did not want her to see him like this, unshaven, hair in a mess, clothes grubby.

"Here we are," he said as he handed her a mug of coffee, "will you excuse me for a moment?"

"Whatever," came the sullen response from Bea.

Bea decided that she did not want to be treated like a slut after all. Being in this horrible place confronted by a scruffy loser made her feel unclean, not dirty in a sexy way, just yuck! She knew that Frank would be angry with her but she decided she was going to leave. Anyway, it was time for Bea to disappear and for Kim to get back to work. Once she had finished her coffee she was going to go.

She drank her coffee, put the mug down, got up and went to the door. Just as she reached the doorway Dom appeared in front of her. Her heart skipped a beat, he was no longer a scruffy, grubby loser but an attractive clean-shaven young man dressed in a smart shirt and clean jeans.

"I thought I would tidy myself up a bit," he said.

'Oh wow!' She thought to herself, 'oh my God! He is gorgeous!'

The desire returned, it returned by the bucket full, her insides melted, she became unsteady on her legs, her mouth watered. She smiled inanely at him.

"Were you looking for the bathroom?" He asked her.

She nodded dumbly in reply.

"It's just along there," he told her, pointing along the passageway.

Bea stumbled along and into the bathroom, she sat on the toilet and took some deep breaths. She splashed some cold water on herself and pulled herself together. She stood up and looked at herself in the bathroom mirror.

"He is probably young enough to be Kim's son," she said to her reflection, "but you are not Kim, are you? You are Bea and you are nineteen and you are beautiful. I am Bea and I am beautiful. I am Bea and I am gonna fuck his brains out!"

Bea quickly stripped her clothes off. She stood and looked at herself for a second, took a deep breath and walked out of the bathroom.

Dom looked up as Bea stuck her head round the door.

"Where is the bedroom?" She asked.

"Opposite," he replied.

"See you in there," she said, smiling at him and ducking back into the passageway.

Dom stood, crossed the room and followed her to the bedroom. She was lying on the bed, stark naked. She was on her left side, her right leg drawn up slightly, covering her sex. She had her right arm across her breasts, hiding them from view.

"Oh my God, you are so beautiful!" He exclaimed when he saw her.

"Do you think so?"

"Yes!"

"What do you think of these?" She asked as she lifted her arm and showed him her breasts.

He stared dumbly.

"And this?" She asked as she moved her leg back, exposing her lush red bush.

Dom put his fist to his mouth and bit his knuckles.

"Don't be shy," she laughed, "get undressed and come here."

Dom made a bit of a meal of taking off his clothes, he was so excited. Buttons were torn off, his zip seemed to stick and he fell over trying to get out of his underpants. Bea laughed aloud as she watched him. Eventually he was naked and he climbed onto the bed next to her.

"Kiss me," she told him, so he did.

They kissed for a minute or so, their tongues exploring each other's mouths. Bea put her arm around him and pulled him close, she could feel his stiffening cock pressing against her tummy. Dom put his hand on her hair and stroked it softly.

"Suck my nipples," she said as she pulled her mouth away from his.

Dom put his mouth to her right nipple and began to suckle. Bea rolled onto her back and he slid on top of her, still suckling.

"Mmmm, that feels nice," she said softly, "I like that."

Dom moved his left hand down over her tummy to her bush and started to stroke it. Bea took hold of his hand and led it to her slit. Dom slipped his middle finger inside her, he could feel her wetness. Bea took hold of his stiff cock and rubbed it gently, Dom let out a muffled groan as he felt her slender fingers wrap themselves around his member and stimulate it.

"I want you inside me," she whispered to him.

Dom took his mouth away from her teat and looked into her eyes.

"I'll just get a condom," he said to her.

"No need," she replied, "I'm clean if you are."

'Bloody hell!' He thought to himself, 'a whore that doesn't use condoms!'

Dom climbed in between her outspread legs and lowered himself onto her. They both sighed as he entered her, both loving the feeling of their coupling. Still looking into her eyes, he started to gently thrust his cock in and out.

"Oh yes," she said softly, "this is nice."

"Oh it is," he agreed.

They fucked for several minutes in silence, apart from the occasional moan from her and grunt from him. He built up speed as he felt his seed rising in him and she grabbed hold of his head and pulled his mouth to hers as she got closer to her climax.

They both let out cries - muffled by their mouths being clamped together- as they both came, him sending a huge load of semen into her and her insides pulsing with strong contractions.

He took his mouth away from hers and took a deep breath. Her breathing was fast and her body was covered in a fine sheen of perspiration.

"Jesus, that was fantastic!" They said in unison.

Dom climbed off of her and sat on the bed.

"Tell Frank that I will stay here forever if he will send you again," he said to her, "that is if he can afford it."

'He thinks I'm a prostitute,' Bea thought to herself.

"Maybe I can give him a special rate, just for when I visit you," she replied.

Dom got dressed and Bea got up, went to the bathroom, washed herself and got dressed.

"Would you stay and eat with me?" He asked her, "I could do with some company."

"Yes," she replied, "that would be nice."

"Go and sit in the living room and I shall make us something nice. There's something to smoke if you want, I know you girls like a toot now and then."

'Kim doesn't smoke,' Bea thought to herself, 'but there's no reason why Bea shouldn't, I'll give it a try.'

While Dom busied himself in the kitchen Bea reclined on the sofa and lit up the joint he had provided for her. She took a long drag and inhaled the smoke. She had expected to cough it back up, but instead she took to it like a duck to water. She relaxed and let herself drift off to sleep.

She found herself in a strange place, it was a windowless room lit by oil lamps, there were other people with her dressed in white robes. She looked at the others and gave a start when she recognised Marcus, a friend of Reggie's at the cafe.

"I'm sorry Beatrix," he said to her, a sad look on his face, "it seems it was my fault."

Bea was about to ask for an explanation when she was poked in the back by a sharp object, she looked around to see that it was the point of a spear.

"Get in there," she was told by the man poking her.

Bea moved through an opening in the wall into a smaller room and was followed by Marcus.

"What is happening?" She asked.

"We are being shut in here and the princesses are being entombed in there," he answered, pointing to the room they had come from.

Just then a woman in a white gown made her way to them, she looked troubled.

"Give me your rings," she told them.

Bea removed the ring that was on the little finger of her hand and gave it to the woman, as did Marcus.

"You may make amends yet," the woman said to Marcus.

"Dinner's ready," came a shout, bringing Bea back to reality.

Bea got up from the sofa and made her way to the kitchen where she saw that Dom had laid the small table and had placed two plates of Spaghetti bolognese on it.

"Please, sit," he said, indicating the chair nearest the door.

Bea sat and ate, she was pleasantly surprised at how good it tasted. She was growing to like this young man.

Dom was evasive about why he lived in the block and she was evasive about how she made her living, but they found a few things to talk about, like T.V. shows and music and stuff.

"Shall I wash up?" Bea asked.

"No, don't, I shall do it after you have gone," Dom replied.

"Do you want to fuck me again?" She asked.

"How much?"

"We'll call it paying for my dinner, shall we?"

Bea stood up and put out her hand, Dom stood up and took it. She led him along the passageway to the bedroom.

This time Bea let Dom undress her, he stood behind her, carefully removed her dress and lay it over the back of the chair in the bedroom. He unclipped her bra and slipped the shoulder straps down, allowing it to fall from her breasts which he put his hands on and rubbed gently. She moaned softly as she felt his smooth hands caress her nipples. He kissed her neck.

Bea reached behind her and felt his erection through the material of his jeans, she could feel herself getting wet with anicipation.

"Get on the bed," he told her as he took his hands away.

Bea climbed onto the bed on her hands and knees, Dom took hold of her panties and pulled them down a little way, exposing her sex. Bea waited, listening to the sounds of clothing being removed and then let out a long low moan of lust as she felt his stiff cock slide inside her. She felt him grab hold of her waist and begin to fuck her forcefully, grunting as he shoved his meat inside her as far as it would go.

"Oh yes! Oh fuck yes!" She cried as she felt him fill her time and again, his cock leaving and entering her at a quickening pace.

"You like that?" He asked.

"God yes!" She shouted in reply, "I like that!"

As before, they came at the same time, he ejaculating a copious amount of semen in her, his cock buried balls-deep up her cunt and her crying out as she felt her seismic vaginal contractions.

He pulled his softening cock out of her and she fell forwards onto the bed. He fell next to her and they looked into each other's eyes.

"Will you stay with me tonight?" He asked to her.

"Yes," she replied.