 I was about to leave for Dane's Forest when there was a knock on my door. I opened it to see Dennis standing there.

"Hi Marcus," he said to me, "I am looking for Phil, is he at home?"

"He's away for a few days," I replied, "gone to see his uncle in Spain apparently."

"Oh, well he never said and we are missing him at the office."

"I'm sure he will be back soon."

"Well, thanks Marcus. By the way, Trudi told me about the other night, what was that all about? Magic necklaces and demonic possession!"

"That was what I was on my way to find out about."

Dennis left to go to work and I got into my new car, a Ford Kuga. Just as I was about to set off I got a text from Reggie telling me to go to Janet's and pick up some weed.

"Hello Marcus," Janet said as she opened the door to me, "I've missed you."

She was wearing a long silk robe tied at the waist and some sweet little jewel encrusted slippers that looked as if they might have belonged to Gudi.

I just managed to get the door closed behind me before she pulled me to her and started to kiss me, her tongue pushing it's way between my teeth and wriggling around inside my mouth. I pulled her robe open and started to rub her flanks, she put her hand behind my head, holding me to her tightly.

After a minute of hard snogging she let go and pulled away. She looked into my eyes and smiled at me.

"I want your cock in me," she said to me as she took me by the hand and led me to the bedroom.

She let her robe fall away from her body as she approached the bed, I enjoyed watching the roll of her as as she walked. I started to strip off my clothes, my cock stiffening at the prospect of being put inside this lovely mature hot bitch.

"Oh God I've been looking forward to this for ages," she said to me as I pushed my cock in her soaking wet cunt.

"Mmm," I replied, "you are ready for me, aren't you."

We fucked gently to start with but soon our love-making became more insistent and we went at it like a pair of maniacs.

"Oh fuck yes!" She cried out as I rammed my cock in and out at a fast pace.

"Oh Janet!" I cried in response.

I put a lot of cum inside the dirty old bitch and she had a pretty good orgasm at the same time, at least that's what it felt like to me. She rolled her head from side to side and shouted 'FUCK' at the top of her voice and I could feel her cunt squeezing my cock shaft.

I lay on top of her for a while, recovering from my exertions. She lay motionless, breathing heavily from hers.

"God I needed that," she said to me, "whenever I think of you I just get so horny, and when I saw you at my door I thought I was going to faint I wanted it so badly."

"I will try and call more often," I told her, smiling, "we can't have you going without."

"Tea?" She asked.

We got dressed and went to the kitchen. I noticed a lot of photographs spread over the table. I started to pick through them.

"Don't mind them," said Janet, "throw them in that shoe box, they are just some old snaps of Beryl's. I shall keep a few to remind me of her and throw the rest away."

I picked one up and my heart started to pound in my chest, I was looking at a young Beryl and sat next to her on a beach somewhere was the girl from the cafe, Bea! I turned the photo over and marked on the back were the words 'Me and Bea. Devon 1975.'

"Do you know who this is?" I asked, showing Janet the photo.

"Oh, she was a friend of Beryl's, she met her on holiday in Devon, years ago."

"Did they keep in touch?"

"Not that I know of, at least I never met her or anything."

"Can I keep this photo?"

"Be my guest."

I took the weed round to Reggie at the address he had given me, it was a flat in the St. Isaacs district. Bobby and Brandon were there with him.

"I would like to talk to that girl Bea," I said to him, trying not to sound too eager.

"We did more than talk to her," laughed Brandon, "what a hot little red head she is."

"Can I have her number?" I asked Reggie.

"You had better ask Frank Shaw," he replied, "she's with him now."

I left the flat and phoned Frank from my car.

"Can I see that girl from the cafe?" I asked him.

"Who, Bea?" He asked in reply.

"Yes, the red head."

"Why?"

'Shit!' I thought to myself, 'why would I want to see her?'

"Anyway," continued Frank, "how is it going with Helen?"

"She's a one-man woman, Frank," I replied, "and that man is you. Be nice to her, don't mess her about or you will lose her."

"O.k., o.k.," he replied, "since when were you my dad?"

I said goodbye and rang off, I would try Reggie again.

I heard a tap on my window and looked up, looking back at me was Laura, the woman whose birthday present me and the footballers had been. I lowered the window down and smiled at her.

"Hey mister," she said, smiling, "give me a lift, will ya?"

"Sure," I replied, "hop in."

I watched as she walked around the front of my car, opened the passenger door and climbed in. She leaned over and kissed me on the cheek.

"Nice to see you again," she said, "Marcus, isn't it?"

"Where to?" I asked.

"Home," she replied.

It was not far from where we were to her house in Westlea, but it was far enough for her to put her hand on my thigh, work her way up to my crotch and start to massage my cock through the material of my trousers.

"Freddy is out playing golf," she told me, "do you want to come in for some Laura?"

My balls nearly burst with excitement!

We went into her house and straight to the bedroom. I followed her, my eyes glued to her lovely round ass as it wiggled and rolled as she walked up the stairs 

"Strip for me," she said as she sat on the bed.

The first thing I did was to lose my shoes and socks, I found it difficult to make taking those off look sexy. I slowly removed my shirt, undoing each button carefully. I pulled it off my body and dropped it on the floor. I unbuckled my belt and drew it through the loops on my trousers. I swished it around and threw it to the side. I unzipped my trousers and lowered them to my ankles.

"That's it," she said, licking her lips, "nice and slow."

I stepped out of my trousers and turned my back to her. I pulled my underpants down, stepped out of them, stood up straight and turned back.

"Oh gosh!" she said as she saw my stiff cock standing proudly out in front of my body, "someone's ready for action!"

I walked over to her and stood in front of her, she opened her mouth and took my length in, I felt the tip touch the back of her throat. She started to suck on me.

"Oh Laura," I moaned, "this is lovely."

I stroked her hair as she sucked my cock and fondled my balls with her fingers, gently scratching them with her long nails.

I pulled away and looked at her.

"Your turn," I said, "now you strip."

She stood up and unbuttoned her blouse. She pulled it open and I buried my head between her breasts, kissing the exposed orbs above her bra cups. She put her hand on my head and stroked my hair.

As I kissed her I put my hands under her blouse and reached around her back. I unclipped her bra and as it became loose on her I nuzzled down lower, managing to get my mouth around her right teat.

She got her blouse off and then her bra. I transferred my attention to her left teat, suckling on it until it was standing stiffly out.

"Stop for a moment," she said, taking my head in her hands and pushing me away.

I stepped back and watched her unzip her skirt and let it fall to the floor. I watched as she kicked off her shoes and rolled her stockings down her legs, slowly. She looked me in the eye as she lowered her panties. I looked down at her luxurious brown bush and my mouth began to water.

She climbed onto the bed, lay on her back and opened her legs. I needed no invitation, I climbed between her legs and put my mouth to her snatch. She let out a little mew of delight as she felt my tongue wriggle it's way between her outer lips and begin to stimulate her fleshy inner lips.

"Oh Marcus," she whispered, "that is lovely, mmmm."

I used my tongue on her for several minutes, lapping up the juice that flowed freely from her cunt and flicking at her clit. She wrapped her left leg around my neck and pulled my head to her sex, making it hard for me to breath, but I didn't care.

"Oh God!" She cried, "oh my God! I'm coming! I'm coming!"

She wriggled around under me and a jet of liquid left her and soaked my face as she had a strong orgasm.

Eventually she relaxed and released me from my furry prison. I got my head out from between her legs and took a few deep breaths.

"I'm sorry," she laughed, "was it hard to breath down there?"

"Oh Laura," I said to her as I covered her, "you are so lovely."

My cock slipped inside her like a sword slips into it's scabbard, swiftly and neatly. We both moaned aloud as we felt out flesh join as one. My ardour was such that I began to thrust quickly and forcefully almost immediately, she responded by pushing upwards to meet me. It was over quite quickly.

"Oh yes!" I cried as I sent a huge load into her.

"Good boy," she whispered as she felt it fill her.

I rolled off her and lay next to her, panting.

"You are good with that tongue of yours," she told me.

"Thanks," I replied.

We got dressed and went downstairs. She made coffee and we sat in the kitchen.

"Would you like to call again?" She asked me.

We exchanged numbers.

I went home to get changed and re-start my journey to Dane's Forest. I was just about to leave my house when the door bell rang. I opened the door to see Bea standing there.

"We need to talk," we said as one.