 "Will you trust me?" I asked her as I walked out of my house and closed the door behind me.

"What do you mean?" She asked in reply.

"Come with me and you will find out."

We got into my car and drove off, our destination, Dane's Forest.

I told her everything as we went on our journey, all about my ring and my dreams and how people I know appeared in different times and as different characters. I told her about Beryl's dream and the treasure in Hendrick's cellar. She told me about finding her ring and turning into the randy red-haired slut that she was.

"Take a look at this," I said as I handed her the photo of Bea and Beryl, "this was taken forty years ago."

"My God!" She exclaimed, "it's me! I mean it's Bea!"

"Who do you feel like? I mean, on the inside?" I asked her.

"I'm still Kim inside," she replied, " but I feel so liberated. I have always liked sex, but now I can't get enough of it."

"It's the same for me," I told her.

As we approached the house I decided to give Bea a piece of advice.

"We should keep this between ourselves," I told her, "my ring killed Beryl, I'm pretty sure of that. We don't want them hurting anybody else."

She agreed to keep the secret.

 We were welcomed by Rosie when we arrived at Hendrick's. I introduced Bea to her, noticing that she kissed her on both cheeks with a huge smile on her face, almost as if she was welcoming her home after a long absence.

"Is Anka still working on the scrolls?" I asked.

"Yes, she's still down in the cellar," Rosie replied, "and Hendrick is in his studio. He is producing a boy band, quite a departure for him."

"Boy band?" Asked Bea, her eyes widening, "can I meet them?"

Rosie had the task of preparing lunch for the band and Hendrick and now she had more mouths to feed.

"Why don't you two go and see Anka," said Rosie, "take her this sandwich and this coffee. I will call when lunch is ready."

I led the way down the steps to the cellar. As we approached the room in which Anka was working we heard moaning. We approached quietly and peered through the open doorway. I heard a little gasp issue from Bea's lips as we saw Anka.

"I think she's about to come," Bea whispered to me.

Anka was perched on her chair, her back arched, her head thrown back as she worked a large golden dildo in and out of her cunt.

"Oh fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," she moaned as she moved it in and out of her body, "oh Ramiss, make me come like never before."

I stared at the Polish Egyptologist and my balls started to tingle. I could feel my cock stiffening.

"Ooooohhh!" Anka cried out as she reached the climax of what had to be a momentous orgasm.

We gave her a moment to recover and than I led the way to the table.

"Hello Anka," I said as I put the sandwich and the coffee on the table, "found something of interest?"

"Oh Marcus!" She exclaimed as she realised what she looked like, "I didn't see you!"

"Obviously," I replied, "this is Bea, she is very interested in what you are doing."

"I found that a few minutes ago," Anka said, pointing to the dildo which she had put on the table after having taken it out of her body, "as soon as I picked it up something just came over me, I couldn't help myself, I just had to put it inside me."

Beryl's dream came back to me. The dildo must have been the one lady Kantor had used that fateful day in Egypt.

"Have you found anything out about the princesses?" I asked her.

"Well," she replied, straightening her clothing and sitting properly on her chair, "it seems that the princess Aliz had come from a land far away and had been befriended by the princess Tibah. Tibah had been promised in marriage to a man she did not want to marry. Aliz was blamed for Tibah's disobediance and Tibah's uncle ordered them to be entombed together."

"And were they?"

"That's as far as the scrolls tell it, anything written after the event would not be in the tomb, would it."

"What about the rings and the servants?"

"To be entombed with the princesses."

"uuuuh!" Came a voice from my right. I looked over to see Bea on the floor, her dress pulled up around her waist, panties on the floor next to her, working the dildo in and out of her snatch with long, deep, determined thrusts.

"See?" Said Anka, "once you pick that thing up you just have to have it inside you."

I stood and watched as Bea worked herself into a frenzy of lust, ramming the golden phallus in and out with determination.

"Oh fuck yes!" She cried as she reached her peak, "Oh fuck, yes, yes ,yes!"

Her body stiffened and her legs started to twitch as she had her orgasm and a puddle of liquid appeared between her legs. Eventually she relaxed and lay still, the dildo still halfway up her cunt.

"Fucking hell!" I exclaimed, "that was one hell of a cum, Bea!"

"As soon as I picked it up I just had to put it in me," she said, a huge smile on her face, " what a fantastic orgasm it gave me, it feels just like a real cock inside me, all warm and rubbery."

"Give it back," said Anka, holding out her hand, "I will look after it."

Bea pulled it out of her cunt and handed it reluctantly to Anka who put it back in it's container.

"LUNCH!" Came a cry from upstairs.

"Come on Bea," I said, "I shall introduce you to Hendrick."

There were eight of us sat at lunch that day, Hendrick, Rosie, Bea, Myself and the four members of 'Fourward', the new boy band that Hendrick had been given the task of producing. Bea and I had been introduced to them, their names were Shane, Wayne, Dane and Zane. They were all good looking twenty year olds, the sort young girls would fall in love with instantly.

"So, how is recording going?" Bea asked Zane, looking him in the eye and smiling broadly.

"Good, thanks," he replied, looking down shyly.

I reckoned she would have him inside her before long.

"Marcus," said Hendrick, "my friend wants some more of that wonderful plant, when can you bring him some?"

"I suppose I could go back to Barstow and get some for him," I replied.

"I'll stay here if that's o.k.," Bea said, still looking steadily at Zane.

I got back to Barstow and went straight to 'Brill' to see Reggie.

"We are running low on stock again," he told me, "the students love their joints. Bobby has some at his place, here's the address."

Bobby answered the door in just his boxers.

"Have I come at a bad time?" I asked him.

"Nah, come on in Marcus," he said to me, "you can meet my friend."

Bobby led me through to his living room and sitting on the sofa in just her bra and panties was Ruby, looking young and innocent.

"Marcus, this is Ruby," said Bobby, "Ruby, Marcus."

"I know Marcus," said Ruby, "and he knows me."

"Hi Ruby," I said.

"Why don't you join us?" Bobby asked me.

"What do you mean, join us?" Asked Ruby in a shocked voice, "is Marcus going to do things to me too?"

"Relax baby," replied Bobby, "we will be gentle with you."

Bobby sat on the sofa next to her and took her head in his hands. I watched as he turned her head towards him and started to kiss her, while she kept her hands by her sides and her knees together. I slowly removed my clothing as I looked on.

Bobby rubbed her breasts as he kissed her and she responded by putting her hand on his shoulder. I sat on the sofa on the other side of her, took hold of her hand and put it on my stiffening cock, she took her hand away and flapped it as if she was disgusted by the feel of my cock. By this time Bobby had moved his hand down to her panties and was rubbing her mound through her panties.

"What are you doing?" She asked in a worried voice as she pushed Bobby off of her, "I'm a good girl."

"Hush baby," he replied, "you know you want to, really."

I looked down to see Bobby slip his hand inside Ruby's panties as she opened her legs. I noticed a damp patch had appeared on the gusset and I heard her give a little whimper as his finger found her clitoris. I took hold of her hand and put it on my cock again, this time she gently wrapped her fingers around the shaft and began to rub it.

"Is that nice baby?" He asked her as he rubbed her clit.

"We shouldn't be doing this," she replied, "but it feels so good."

I noticed her grip tighten on me as she became more aroused from Bobby's manual stimulation of her clit and her hand moved up and down on me more quickly.

Bobby took his hand away and slid off the sofa. He knelt in front of her and she raised her ass off the sofa as he took hold of her panties and pulled them down.

"Oh man!" He said, "you got a lovely little pussy baby."

Bobby leaned forward and put his face between her outspread legs. She let out a moan as she felt his tongue make contact with her cunt. I watched as he began to lick her out, her hand moving very rapidly on my cock as she approached her climax.

"Oh fuck!" I exclaimed as I shot my load, my hot sticky spunk shooting out of my cock and landing on my stomach in a series of stripes.

"What have you done to him baby?" Bobby asked her, looking up from her cunt.

"No!" She cried out, "you can't stop now Bobby!"

With that, she pushed his head forcefully back down to her cunt, took hold of his hair and held his face to her. He resumed his licking and she got back to having an orgasm.

"Yes!" She cried, "fuck yes!"

She gave a series of grunts and her cute little body was wracked by a series of convulsions as she came. I could see her fingers digging into Bobby's scalp as he tongued her to heaven.

Eventually she relaxed. Bobby's head emerged from between her legs and he knelt up straight. He smiled at her as he pulled his boxers down and put his cock to her hole. She let out a gasp as she felt his stiff cock slip inside her and then a moan of pleasure as he began to fuck her.

"You got a nice tight pussy baby," he told her a she shoved his meat in and out of the eighteen year old whore, "a real nice hot tight pussy."

"I know I shouldn't have let you do this to me," she replied, "but it feels so nice."

Bobby's thrusting got more insistent as his cock became more and more stimulated. Ruby pushed herself towards him as he filled her and it wasn't long before he let out a cry and stopped moving.

"Oh baby!" he cried out, obviously pumping a huge load into her.

"Oh goodness!" She cried in reply, "what are you doing?"

I smiled as I watched her. She was so convincing, she really could have been a young girl who had never been pumped full of spunk before.

Bobby pulled out of her, got up and sat back on the sofa next to her. He leaned forward and looked at me, smiling. I winked at him and smiled. Ruby still had a look of shock on her face.

"Can I use your shower?" I asked him, pointing to the mess on my stomach.

"Sure," he replied, "second door on the right."

I got up and left the room.

I showered and went back intro the living room, a towel wrapped around my waist. Bobby and Ruby were kissing gently, her bra had come off and he was rubbing her tits, making her nipples stand to attention, I could have stood there and watched them all day.

"Shower's free," I said as I dropped the towel and started to dress.

Bobby stopped kissing her and Ruby got up from the sofa. Bobby gave her ass a gentle slap as she walked away from him.

"I don't usually go for skinny white chicks," he said to me, "but after that red-head Reggie sent to Brandon and me, well I'm not so sure now."

"You mean Bea?"

"Yeah, you know her too?"

"Yes."

"Man! You certainly get around Marcus! When Jo-Jo get home you gonna have to stop all this fucking around man!"

'Well,' I thought to myself, 'that's a name I haven't heard mentioned for a while.'

"Do you know when she is coming home?" I asked him.

"Well if you don't know, who does?" He asked in reply.

Ruby came back into the room and began to dress. Bobby went for a shower and I stood and watched her put her clothes back on. She was just so cute, I could not keep my eyes off her. 

"Stop staring at me," she said as she rolled her stocking up her lovely slim leg, "it makes me feel embarrassed."

"Does it? Does it really?"

She looked me in the eye and gave me what can only be called a dirty look.

"You should buy me one night," she said to me.

Even though I had come only a few minutes before, my balls started to tingle in my pants. I wondered what sort of character she would play for me.

I took some of the weed Bobby had stashed and went home. I wanted to get back to Hendrick's but felt I ought to call in and see that all was well with Alison.