 My house was empty when I got there. There were messages on the house phone asking Phil to get in touch with the office, people were worried about him. I needed to think of a way of getting the bloody ring off!

I was making myself a coffee when the doorbell rang, so I went and answered it. I opened the door to see a young woman in police uniform standing there.

"Hello," she said to me, "I am looking for Philip Watson, can you tell me if he is at home?"

"He's away at the moment," I replied.

"He has been reported missing, can I come in and take a look around?"

"Certainly," I said, opening the door wider so she could enter.

She looked me in the eye and smiled as she removed her hat, walked past me and stood in the hallway. I smiled back. She had beautiful brown eyes and lovely kissable lips. I looked at her as she looked around and then walked towards the kitchen. She had a fairly large ass, a bit like Rosie's, I liked the way it rolled as she walked.

"Can you tell me your name?" She asked as she looked around the kitchen, placing her hat on the table.

"Marcus Wicks," I replied.

She turned and looked at me. "Have you been in hospital recently?"

"Yes, how do you know that?"

"Some friends of mine are nurses and they told me that they had a patient by that name, a couple of weeks ago."

"You know Ashley and Josie?"

"Yes," she replied, walking towards me and smiling, "they said you were good looking, but I didn't know how much."

"And did they tell you that Ashley fucked me?"

"Yes," she laughed in reply, "Josie was a bit jealous of her for that."

"So what's your name?" I asked.

"Patsy," she replied as she stood up close to me and lifted her head.

I leaned my head forward and our lips met, her lips really were as kissable as they looked. I opened my mouth and she opened hers, our tongues met and danced around together. She put her hands on my shoulders and I put mine on her hips. I could feel my cock begin to stiffen.

"Have you got time to come upstairs?" I asked as I pulled my mouth away from hers.

"Yes," she replied in a husky voice.

I took her hand and led her up to my room. As soon as we were inside we started to undo each other's clothes. I was very careful, I didn't want to pull a button off of her uniform. She as a little less careful in her rush to get me naked.

Once we had all our clothes off I took hold of her shoulders and held her at arms length. I looked her up and down, loving the sight of her full hips, large breasts and luxurious brown bush.

"Fuck me, you are gorgeous!" I said to her.

She smiled at me and took hold of my stiff cock. I let out a sigh as I felt her peel back my foreskin, exposing my engorged tip.

She had her back to my bed. I pushed her backwards onto it. She giggled as she landed on the duvet, her legs dangling off the side. I knelt beside the bed and grabbed her by the ankles. I pulled her legs open and put my face to her sex.

"Oh yes, I like that," she said softly as I pushed my tongue between her labia.

She shuffled further onto the bed as I settled my face onto her beautiful fleshy cunt. I used my tongue on her clit, making her moan and squeak with pleasure.

"Mmmm, yes," she murmured as I licked her out.

"Oh God yes!" She cried as I flicked her clit with my tongue.

"Oh fuck, I'm coming!" She shouted as I brought her over the edge.

She closed her legs, squashing my head between them, her chubby thighs clamping it tight. It was like having it in a soft damp vice.

"Ungh! Ungh!" She cried as she came, squirting her juice over my face.

Finally she relaxed and I could get my head out. I stood up and looked at her. She smiled up at me as she positioned herself on my bed, on her back, legs outspread.

"Do you want to fuck me?" She asked.

"Silly question," I replied as I climbed on top of her.

I sighed as I slipped my cock inside her, she was lovely and tight and wet.

"Mmmm," she said, "Ashley said it felt nice having you inside her, she was right."

I gave her a good fucking, starting slowly and building up speed as we both approached the climax.

"Yes, yes ,yes, yes, YESSSSS!" She cried out as she had another orgasm.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh yes," I grunted as I put a load of hot sticky cum inside the full-bodied young copper.

I lay on her for a few seconds and then rolled off her and lay beside her. I put my hand out and stroked her cheek.

"You really are fucking gorgeous," I told her.

"Not so bad yourself, " she replied, smiling into my eyes.

'If she only knew,' I though to myself.

We rolled towards each other and I put my arms around her, she felt nice and soft and warm.

"What do you think has happened to Phil Watson?" I asked.

"Nothing probably, but when someone has been reported missing we have to follow it up. I'm sure he is o.k."

'Oh he is,' I thought to myself, 'in fact he is more than just o.k.'

We got up from my bed after a while and dressed. We swapped numbers and promised to meet up again soon. I watched her walk down my path, her lovely ass rolling in the way that lovely asses do.

I arrived back at Hendrick's house in the evening, everyone was in the large sitting room relaxing after a hard day in the studio.

"Have a drink," Hendrick said to me, "meet the boys."

I noticed Bea was sitting with her legs across the lap of one of them, he looked both excited and a little scared by the predatory look she was giving him. I looked at her and shook my head.

'The woman inside that young body is easily old enough to be his mother,' I thought to myself.

"Anything happen whilst I was gone?" I asked.

"I have finished going through the scrolls," said Anka, "and I have been trying to convince Hendrick to pay for an expedition to Egypt."

"It all sounds a bit far-fetched," said Hendrick, "a forgotten pyramid buried under the sands of time."

"I have some savings," I said to Anka, "and I am sure Phil would like to help you out."

"Really?" She said in an excited voice, "when can we leave?"

I heard a sort of muffled moaning and turned back to look at Bea. She had grabbed hold of the boy she was sitting across and had her mouth clamped firmly to his. He had his hand on her leg, pushing her skirt up her thigh.

"She's not shy, is she?" Said Rosie as she poured herself another glass of wine.

"She told me she was going to have him inside her by nine," said Zeta, who was perched on the arm of Hendrick's chair, "she's got ten minutes."

A chorus of soft laughter came from the rest of us as we watched the randy red-head and the attractive young man in their foreplay.

I turned to see Lisa enter the room carrying a cup of coffee. She smiled when she saw me and licked her lips.

"She's started then," Lisa said, indicating Bea with a nod of her head.

Rosie drank some of her wine, put the glass down and crossed the room to one of the other sofas where Dane and Wayne were sitting.

"Space for one more?" She asked as she insinuated her gorgeous ass between the two teenage heart-throbs.

Dane, who had obviously been aroused by watching his friend being molested by Bea, put his left hand on Rosie's left breast. Wayne followed suit and put his right hand on her right breast. Rosie put a hand on each of the bulges appearing in their trousers.

Not to be left out, Shane had gone over to Anka's chair, leaned over her and offered his lips to her. Being excited both by the prospect of a trip to Egypt and the sight of the other women getting what they wanted, she took him up on the offer and kissed him. He put his hand on her breast and began to massage it through the material of her top.

Zeta leaned over Hendrick and kissed him, he pulled her onto him and gave her ass a good squeeze. Lisa stood behind me and put her arms around me. I felt her kiss my neck, which I liked very much.

Zane had gotten Bea's panties down and her skirt up, he had inserted two fingers in her juicy young cunt and was gently finger-fucking her while they kissed. I could see her finger nails digging into his arms as she became more and more aroused.

Rosie, Dane and Wayne had stripped off their clothes completely. Rosie was on her hands and knees on the sofa, Dane's cock in her mouth and Wayne's cock lodged firmly in her cunt as he fucked her doggy-style.

Anka got up from her chair, took Shane by the hand and led him out of the room, she was smiling broadly as they left.

Bea had gotten Zane on the floor. She undid his jeans and pulled them and his underpants down to his knees. She hoisted up her skirt and straddled him, letting out a moan of pleasure as she felt his stiff cock slip up inside her. He had a look of complete bliss on his face as she started to roll her hips, grinding down on him.

Hendrick picked Zeta up in his arms and laid her on the floor. He pushed her dress up to her waist, took hold of her panties and pulled them down her long slim legs and off. She let out a moan of pleasure as he put his head between her open legs and started to lick her soft young pussy.

"Oh fuck yes!" Shouted Rosie as the fucking she was getting brought her to an early climax.

I watched her shiver and shake as she had a strong orgasm. Wayne just grunted as she put his load up her, his body quivering, his eyes closed.

"I want her now," said Dane as he pulled Rosie's head off his cock.

They swapped places, Dane kneeling behind the randy bitch and Wayne getting his cock sucked clean by her.

"Oh Hendrick!" Cried Zeta as her husband covered her, putting his generously sized Teutonic cock in his beautiful teenage wife.

"Fuck yes, fuck yes, fuck yes," cried Rosie as she received more cock.

"Oh Rosie," murmured Dane as he thrust his meat in and out of her for all he was worth.

Rosie put her lips around Wayne's flaccid member and sucked the mix of spunk and cunt juice from it. He held her steady as his friend rammed his cock in and out furiously.

"Oh yes!" Cried Bea as she climaxed around Zane's flesh pole, shaking her flame coloured hair around and pounding him with her fists.

"Oh!" Was the sound that came from his lips as he ejaculated inside her.

"I'm coming, I'm coming!" Cried Zeta as Hendrick brought her off.

"Oh my love," he moaned in reply as he shot his load into her.

"YESSSSS!" Shouted Rosie, taking her mouth away from Wayne and throwing back her head as she came for the second time.

"Oh fuck!" Cried Dane as he spent himself in her.

"Come on,"Lisa said to me, "let's go somewhere quiet."

She took my hand and led me out of the room. We went up to one of the spare rooms, passing Anka's room where the noise of two people fucking like fury was coming from.

"I met her in the woods earlier," Lisa said, indicating the room from which the noise was coming, "she's a lot of fun."

"You mean you had sex with her, don't you," I replied.

"Yes, and so did Rosie."

I smiled to myself as I opened the door to the empty room.

Lisa stood still as I undressed her. She held her hands up in the air as I pulled her black t-shirt up over her head and off. She let them fall to her sides as I kissed her lips, reached around her and undid her black lacy bra. She rolled her head to one side as I kissed her neck, moaning softly as I kissed lower. I pulled her bra off and let it fall to the floor, then I moved my hands down to her black jeans.

"Suck on my tits," she said to me, "I like having my tits sucked."

I put my mouth to her left breast and began to suckle on her teat, she moaned with pleasure as I rolled my tongue over the stiff nipple. I unzipped her black jeans and pushed them down over her slender hips. She wiggled her ass, making her jeans fall to her knees. I transferred my attention to her right teat, making that stiffen like the other one.

Lisa took hold of my hand and pushed it inside her panties. My middle finger found her slit and I rubbed it up and down.

"Rub my clit," she said to me, "I love it when my clit gets rubbed."

As I sucked on her tit I rubbed her clitoris, making her moan louder as she became more and more aroused.

"I want your cock in me," she said to me, "I love it when I have a stiff cock inside me."

I took my hand out of her panties and my mouth away from her teat. She finished removing her clothing and I hurriedly took off mine. She lay on the bed and I lay over her. We both let out a sigh as I penetrated her, my stiff cock slipping inside her wet cunt with ease.

"Oh Marcus," she said to me, "fuck me, fuck me."

I pushed my cock right up inside her and withdrew it all the way out, loving the feeling of penetrating her time and again. She lay under me and looked into my eyes as I fucked her, she had the most enchanting black eyes I had ever seen.

My thrusts increased in frequency and urgency as we both approached the end. Her breathing became heavier and her stare more fierce as her vagina convulsed with her orgasm. I stopped moving as I felt my spunk fly out of me and fill her, my cock pulsing and throbbing.

I kissed her hard on the lips as I came, she responded by biting my lip as she came.

"God, that was amazing!" I panted as I rolled off of her.

"You are the best I have had," she said to me as she lay there, recovering from her intense orgasm.

We looked at each other, recognising that we had something special between us.

"Will you be going to Egypt with Anka?" She asked me.

"Probably," I replied.

"Will you take me with you?"

"Only if you don't wear black, it would be too hot for you."

"I won't."

"Then maybe I will take you with me."