 Five of us landed at Cairo international airport that morning, Anka, Bea, Lisa, Clem and me. Hendrick had sent Clem with us because he was a big man who could act as a bodyguard if necessary. 

"I have invited my old tutor along," Anka told us as Clem drove our hire car to our hotel, "he thinks he may have located the site we are interested in."

"Ooh," said Bea, "what's he like?"

"He is a gentleman," Anka replied in a reproachful tone, "and he won't want you distracting him from his work."

Bea pouted and sat quietly for the rest of the journey.

"There he is," said Anka as we walked into the lobby of the Cairo hotel.

A fairly stout man of about fifty years of age was waving at us. He had a round face and light brown cropped hair, his round spectacles made him look a little bit like an owl. Anka's face broke into a wide smile and she walked briskly towards him. We followed her.

"Anka, my dear," said the man as he hugged her, "it is good to see you again."

"And you professor," she replied, hugging him back.

"You must introduce me to your companions," he said as he broke off the embrace and looked at Lisa in what could only be described as a lustful way.

'fucking hell professor!' I thought to myself, 'you could get her pregnant with that look!'

"This is Bea," said Anka, "this is Clem, this is Marcus and this is Lisa. Everyone, this is my old tutor, professor Rutkowski."

"Please, call me Idzi," said the Professor, "let us go to the bar and get better acquainted." 

Idzi took hold of Lisa's arm and passed it through his as he escorted her to the bar.

"Gentleman?" Bea whispered to me, as we walked to the bar, "randy old goat more like."

We sat around a low table and a waiter took our order. Rutkowski leaned towards Lisa and smiled at her. 

"You do look so much like a priestess of Maag, Lisa," he said to her, "there must be a connection somewhere."

Lisa had stuck to her promise and had not worn black, in fact she had gone the opposite way totally and was dressed in a white knee-length sleeveless dress and white pumps. She had finished off her wardrobe with a simple pearl necklace and pearl earrings. With her jet black hair and pale skin, she looked almost monochrome, and It was obviously having an effect on the Polish academic.

"Have you located the site yet Idzi?" I asked, trying to get his attention away from Lisa.

"Yes Marcus," he replied, "It is a few hundred miles away though, it may take some time to drive there."

"Then may I suggest that we rest today and get an early start tomorrow," said Anka, "we have two Land-Rovers waiting for us, packed with all that we need for the expediton."

"Here's to the expedition!" Called Idzi as he popped the cork on the bottle of Champagne he had ordered.

We all held up our glasses and he filled them. We toasted our trip and drank our fizz. I noticed that he was resting his hand on Lisa's knee. I also noticed that she was looking at him and smiling.

'I wonder if he reminds her of her uncle Stephen?' I asked myself silently.

I decided to go for a wander around the old town later that day. I left the others after lunch and got a taxi to take me. 

I'm not the sort that frequents markets, but as I was in Cairo I thought I should sample the colourful atmosphere of the bazaar. I was drawn to a little shop which sold the sort of tat that tourists like to take home as souvenirs and I went inside for a look around.

"Good day sir," said the old man behind the counter, "I have many gifts, many nice gifts for you to buy."

I picked up a small golden statue of a cat, it was similar to the one from the treasure trove in Hendrick's cellar. I took it to the shop-keeper to ask for a price.

"How much?" I asked, holding it up to show him.

He was about to answer me when he stopped, his eyes widened and a look of surprise appeared on his face.

"The ring of the seeker!" He exclaimed, taking hold of my hand and staring at my ring, "you are looking for the princess and her lover."

"I am looking for the tomb, yes."

The shop-keeper disappeared behind a beaded curtain, returning a few seconds later carrying a small bag. He opened the bag and pulled out a glass prism about the size of a matchbox.

"This belongs to the seeker," he said to me, "take this and you may find what you are looking for."

"How much?" I asked.

"It belongs to you," he replied, "it does not need to be bought."

I was puzzled, but as nothing surprised me any longer I accepted his gift and bought the cat statue as a thank-you.

"Bring them peace," he called after me as I left his shop.

I wandered in the direction of the hotel, enjoying the hustle and bustle of the old town, listening to the chatter and the traffic around me. I went into a cafe and took a seat in the corner, a waiter approached me and I ordered a coffee.

As I was sitting, waiting for my coffee, Idzi Rutkowski walked in, accompanied by an arabic couple. He did not notice me and the three of them sat at the other side of the cafe. Idzi started talking to the man, who was probably in his thirties. The woman was much younger, possibly only about eighteen or so. 

I wondered what they were talking about. My coffee arrived and I took a sip. I pulled the little bag containing the prism out of my pocket and opened it up. I held the prism in my hand and was astounded as I heard Rutkowski's voice.

"How old is she?" I heard him say.

"Just eighteen," came the reply from the man sitting with him, "and clean, she is clean sir, very clean."

"How much?" Rutkowski asked.

"You have dollars?"

"Yes."

"One hundred American dollars for the hour."

"Very well, I shall take her."

"Come, I shall show you to the room."

I watched as the three of them got up from their table and went through a door at the back of the cafe. I wished I could have followed them to see what was going on. I felt a warm sensation in my hand and looked down to see the prism glow, then my sight blurred.

I blinked and when I opened my eyes I as no longer in the cafe, I was in a small room. I looked around to see there was a bed, a chair and a dressing table in the room. I went to the dressing table and looked in the mirror, I could not see my reflection.

I heard the door open and I hid in the corner. I watched as Idzi Rutkowski and the girl entered the room. I held my breath, not wanting them to hear me.

"Stand still," Idzi told the girl, "let me look at you."

He walked around her, feasting his eyes on the pretty young arab girl with her long black hair and slim figure. I feasted my eyes on her too, she really was a very attractive young woman. 

Idzi stood behind her, took hold of her t-shirt and pulled it up. The girl lifted her arms so he could pull it over her head and off. She was not wearing a bra. I moved around to get a look at her from the front, it seemed that I was invisible to them. 

Just as I was about to get a good look at her tits, Idzi span her round to face him.

"Mmm," he said, "you have lovely little titties, don't you."

I moved round and stood next to him as he began to suckle on her left teat. I wanted to touch her so badly, but I didn't.

As he suckled, Idzi reached down and began to undo the girl's jeans, she stood still and let him pull them down over her slender hips, revealing her skimpy red cotton panties. I watched as he put his hand inside her panties and began to rub her.

"What a nice soft pussy you have," he said as he took his mouth from her teat, "nice and soft and warm."

I could feel my penis stiffen as I looked on. I wanted to be the one with his hand inside the girl's panties, feeling her soft warm pussy.

Idzi took his hand out of her panties and pointed to the bed. The girl lifted her feet one at a time, pulled off her shoes, pulled her jeans off and went over to it. She lay on the bed and drew her legs up, feet together, knees apart. I could see that the gusset of her panties was a darker shade of red where it had become wet with her juice.

Idzi took hold of her panties and pulled on them. The girl raised her ass off the bed to allow them to be pulled down. I let out a silent sigh as I saw her lovely jet black bush above a pair of cute little cunt lips.

"Stay there," said Idzi as he began to strip off his clothes, "touch yourself, make your juice flow."

The girl put her fingers to her cunt and began to rub herself slowly. She let out a sigh as she stimulated her clitoris with her fingertips. I was in a state of total arousal, my balls were aching, my stiff cock dribbling pre-cum.

"SIR!" Came a voice.

I shook my head to clear it and looked around. The waiter was standing over me, a concerned look on his face.

"Are you alright sir?" He asked, "you have turned very, very red in the face and you were dribbling from your mouth."

I picked up my napkin and wiped my mouth, I had indeed been dribbling. I felt hot and a tiny bit dizzy.

"I'm fine, thank you," I said, "I must have been out in the sun for too long this morning. If I can have my bill, I shall be on my way."

I slipped my prism back in it's little bag and put it back in my pocket. 

'Bea was right,' I thought to myself, 'you are a randy old goat Idzi.'

I paid for my coffee and left the cafe, wishing that I had not been interrupted by the waiter. My balls were still aching a bit, and I could feel that my underpants were wet with pre-cum.

I got back to the hotel and went to my room. I was in my bathrobe, just about to go for a shower to cool off when there was a knock on my door, I opened it to see Lisa standing there.

"Have a nice time?" She asked me as she walked past me and into my room.

"It was interesting," I answered.

"What are you doing now?"

"I was just about to go for a shower."

"Can I join you?"

My cock stiffened and my balls tingled at the thought of sharing a shower with her.

"Of course."

"Unzip me."

I stood behind her and unzipped her dress. I pushed it off her shoulders and undid her bra, she wriggled the dress down over her hips and let her bra fall away from her body. I sighed at the sight of her white cotton panties.

"We can fuck before we shower if you like," she said to me.

"Oh God Lisa," I said to her, "I would really like to fuck you this instant."

"Warm me up first," she said as she jumped onto the bed and pulled her panties off.

I got between her outspread legs and put my face to her cunt. She let out a moan as I licked her, making her juice flow and her legs twitch.

"Ooh Marcus!" She cried, "ooh that's nice."

I brought her off with my tongue, she gave a little squeak and squirted on my face as she came, it felt nice satisfying her.

"Come on then," she said, "put your cock in me."

I covered her and slipped my stiff sticky cock inside her lovely warm wet vagina. I knew it wasn't going to last long, watching Idzi with the arab girl had got me so hot I was ready to blow any second. I was inside Lisa for only a few seconds before I felt my cock throb and send a huge load up her. She gave me a surprised look.

"What was that all about?" She asked me, "do white dresses do it for you then?"

"Honestly Lisa," I said to her, "you do not realise how fucking hot you looked in that dress."

"Bea's professor seemed to like it too."

"I think he would like to fuck you, will you let him?"

"Dunno, would it bother you if I did?"

"No, I don't think so."

'You never know,' I thought to myself, 'I might get to watch the whole show next time.'

"Come on then," Lisa said to me as she got up from the bed, "let's have that shower."

I love washing a woman, rubbing the soap over her body, making a lather and spreading it over her. I washed Lisa gently and thoroughly, paying special attention to her beautiful breasts, soft thighs and cum-filled pussy.

"Mmm," she whispered as I carefully scooped my spunk from her cunt with my two middle fingers, "will you make me come again?"

I withdrew my fingers and rubbed her clitoris with them, she leaned back and thrust her pelvis towards me as I stimulated her. She let the hot water cascade over her long black hair and run down her body, the soap suds flowing over her smooth mound, making it white and frothy.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fucking hell!" She cried out as she came, her body convulsing, her hands pressed against the sides of the shower.

I stopped wanking her and let her come down from her sexual high, she opened her eyes and looked at me and smiled, "thanks Marcus," she said to me, "that was really nice."

We swilled the soap suds off each other and got out of the shower. I dried her with a big soft towel and she did the same to me. I went and dressed as she dried her long straight hair with a hairdryer.

We went down to dinner at about eight, the others were sat at the table chatting about the forthcoming trip, Idzi looked particularly cheerful, but then he would, having spent an hour in the company of the beautiful young arab whore.

"We leave at first light," Bea told me, "so make sure you get a good night's sleep."

I assumed that applied to Lisa as well.

After dinner I went up to my room alone. I tried to take the ring off, but it still would not budge. I got undressed and settled down to sleep.