 "Lord and Lady Kantor leave us tomorrow, will you raise your glasses and wish them success in their quest."

The toast had been proposed by a sea captain. I was seated at a dining table with seven other people and the captain at the head of the table.

I looked at my dining companions, they were dressed in the style of the early twentieth century, the style of the privileged in the early twentieth century.

"I expect you will be sad to see her go," a voice whispered in my ear.

I turned my head to my right to see Stella Price smiling at me. I also saw her jewel encrusted necklace and the ample bosom below it. I also felt her hand squeeze my thigh.

"Who, me?" I asked, "I have not said so much as a word to lady Kantor."

"But you have managed to engage his lordship's secretary in conversation, haven't you?"

I looked across the table to see Hendrick Mahle, a young Beryl Sands with blonde hair and Gudi Patel sitting in a line. Gudi stole a glance at me and looked shyly away.

"This is her last night aboard," Stella whispered, "you had better make the most of it."

"Are you happy for me to do that?" I asked.

"Of course, you silly boy. Anyway, I will still have your company for the rest of the voyage."

"And she still has her husband," came a voice from my left.

I turned my head to see who had spoken, it was Laura, the Kelly Preston lookalike.

"And you?" I asked, "where is your husband?"

"Freddy is in Calcutta, waiting for me to join him, but until then I will just have to make do with you."

I felt Laura's hand squeeze my other thigh and my balls started to tingle like crazy!

I looked along the table to see Jack Price chatting to the man opposite him, it was Ollie Phipps, there was no one else at our table, no sign of Bez.

"I have had a word with Lord Kantor," Stella said to me, "his stateroom will be empty for a couple of hours whilst he and her ladyship play at the gaming tables. His secretary requests the pleasure of your company after dinner in there."

"I assume you will be wanting a blow-by-blow account in the morning?" I asked.

"Why else would we arrange such an assignation?" Laura laughed softly.

I felt my thighs being squeezed by excited female hands. I felt my cock stiffen at the prospect of getting my hands on the Indian beauty sat on the opposite side of the table.

Gudi got up from the table first. She held my gaze for a second, raising her eyebrows slightly, the beginnings of a smile on her lips. I smiled back at her. All of us men stood for her and she walked away, I followed her slim figure with my eyes as it disappeared from the dining room.

"If you will all excuse me," I said, staying standing, "I think I may take a stroll around the deck."

"Enjoy your exercise," Stella said softly, "but don't tire yourself out."

Ten minutes later I was standing outside of the Kantors' stateroom. I knocked gently on the door and opened it.

Gudi was in the bed, under the pristine white cotton sheet and the big soft eiderdown. She smiled a broad smile as I walked towards the bed.

"Hello Mr. Wicks," she said to me, "were you looking for someone?"

"I think I have found her," I replied as I started to undo my tie.

Gudi watched me remove my clothing, staring at each part of my body as it became exposed to her gaze. She smiled at me when I had finished undressing.

"You seem to be in a state of arousal," she said, indicating my erection, "do I bear any responsibility for that?"

As she spoke, she pulled the covers back, revealing her naked form. I gave a sigh as I feasted my eyes on her smooth pale brown skin, her small, pert breasts and her jet black pelt of pubic hair.

I slid into bed next to her and put my arm around her. She offered her lips to me and I kissed her gently. She opened her mouth and pushed her tongue between my lips, I responded by wriggling my tongue around hers and pulling her closer to me. Gudi let out a muffled moan of pleasure as we kissed and rubbed her hand up and down my flank.

"Miss Patel," I said as I broke off kissing her, "would you like your nipples sucked?"

She nodded.

"Miss Patel," I said as I looked into her eyes, "would you like me to put my tongue in your vagina?"

She nodded.

I kissed my way from her shoulder to her breasts and took her right nipple in my mouth. She let out a sigh as I started to suckle. I moved my hand down to her snatch and stroked her pubic hair. She took hold of my hand and guided it to her slit, I located her clitoris and gently stimulated it with my index finger.

"I want your tongue down there," she whispered as I aroused her with my finger.

I took my mouth from her nipple and slid down under the covers. She opened her legs wide so I could get my head between her thighs and onto her warm wet pussy.

"Oh Mr. Wicks!" She exclaimed as my tongue made contact with her love-bud.

I flicked her clitty with the tip of my tongue for a while and then I pressed my tongue onto it and massaged it in a circular motion. She let out a series of gasps and began to roll her hips, she was getting close.

"Oh my!" She cried, "oh my goodnes!"

Her body was wracked by a series of convulsions and she squirted a liberal amount of fluid out of her vagina and onto my face.

"Stop!" She cried as she pushed my head away.

I lay still while she finished coming, a big smile on my face.

After a few more seconds I covered her and offered my stiff cock to her hole. She looked up at me and smiled as I slipped my meat inside her.

"Oh miss Patel!" I cried as I felt her tight cunt envelope me.

I fucked her gently to start, finishing at a fairly quick pace as I felt my seed rise.

"Oh yes! Oh yes! More! More!" She cried, urging me on.

"Oh Gudi!" I cried as I shot off inside her, my cock throbbing as my semen squirted out of me and up her.

I finished emptying my balls into her and rolled off her, we looked at one another and smiled.

"Will I see you again?" She asked me.

"I hope so," I replied, "perhaps I can stop off on my return journey if the Kantors' expedition is still in Egypt."

"I would like that," she said to me.

I awoke in my hotel room, my sheets were soaked in sweat and semen. I was grateful that my dream had not ended in violence. I got up, showered and dressed. I heard a knock on my door.

"Are you awake?" I heard Anka's voice from outside my room, "we leave in fifteen minutes."

We drove out of Cairo before sunrise, it was going to be a hot day and we wanted to cover as much distance as we could before the heat became unbearable. Clem was driving the lead vehicle with Anka navigating and I drove the one following him.

"Are you comfortable back there?" I asked my passengers.

"Oh, very," replied Idzi Rutkowski.

I looked in my rear view mirror to see him looking at Lisa sitting next to him. She returned his look with one which said, 'I might let you have me, but then again, I might not.'

We ran out of tarmac road after about five hours. Clem turned off to the left and onto a track which wound it's way into some hills, I followed in the second land-Rover. I looked into my mirror again to see Idzi and Lisa being bumped around in the back, Idzi smiling as their bodies were thrown together.

"Hold on tight!" I cried as we hit a pot-hole and the Land-Rover lurched violently from side to side.

I looked again and this time Idzi had his arms around Lisa and was squeezing her to him. Lisa was smiling, she was enjoying being held tightly by the lecherous old Pole. The next time I glanced in my rear view mirror Idzi was looking down and Lisa was leaning over him. I took a quick look over my shoulder to see her unbuttoning his khaki shorts and fumbling around inside his underpants.

"Whoa! careful!" Cried Idzi as we hit another pot-hole.

I went back to concentrating on my driving.

"Oh Lisa, oh yes," I heard Idzi groan.

I glanced in the mirror to see him with his head thrown back and his eyes closed, Lisa was out of sight, it was obvious that she had his cock in her mouth. Every time we hit a bump I heard a muffled cry from Lisa, where Idzi's cock must have been hitting the back of her throat.

"Mmmm, yessss," I heard him whisper, "just like that my dear, make the professor happy."

I smiled and shook my head, the dirty old sod had got the lips of a woman less than half his age around his cock.

"Uuugh!" He cried out.

I looked over my shoulder to see him bucking his hips, pushing his cock upwards as he pushed Lisa's head down with his hand. Muffled cries were coming from her as she was forced to take his spunk in her mouth. I could see that she was swallowing hard in order not to choke. I turned my attention back to the track.

"God Idzi!" I heard Lisa say between coughs a few seconds later, "I nearly choked on you then!"

"I am so sorry Lisa," he replied, "but when I am in the zone I can't help myself."

I looked in the mirror to see Lisa punch him on his chest in frustration, she was not best pleased with him.

"What can Idzi do to make Lisa forgive him?" He asked her in a small voice.

"I don't know," she replied sternly, "I shall have to think about it."

A contrite Idzi sat at one end of the seat and Lisa sat with her arms folded at the other.

We stopped for a break soon afterwards, taking the breakfast we had missed by starting out so early.

"How much further to go?" I asked Bea.

"If the prfoessor is correct in his calculations," she replied, "we should be there in an hour or two."

Two hours later we passed between two hills and came out on a small plain. We parked and all got out of the vehicles.

"There it is!," exclaimed Anka, pointing to a small hill, "the hidden pyramid of the princess!"

I looked carefully and could indeed make out that it was not a hill, but a small pyramid nestling amongst the surrounding hills.

"It doesn't look much," said Lisa.

"It is quite a find," said Idzi, "now all we have to do is find the entrance."

We set up camp and decided to take a break until the sun dropped below the hills. We ate and then retired to our tents, it was decided that it would be better to work when it was a bit cooler. I lay on my camp bed and closed my eyes, the strenuous excercise of driving the Land-Rover on the rough roads had tired me and I soon drifted off to sleep.

"Well," said Stella, "was she all you expected?"

I was sat at a small table in a lounge, with me were Stella price and Laura, we all had Martinis in our hands.

"A gentleman never tells," I said to her.

"But you are no gentleman," said Laura, "you, my dear Marcus, are a philanderer of the highest order."

"Let us say that miss Patel has pretty much the same tastes as you two ladies," I said, laughing softly.

"Was she noisy?" Asked Stella.

"Not as noisy as you," I replied.

"Was she tight?" Asked Laura.

"Yes."

"Wet?"

"Yes, but not as wet as you get."

"Oh Laura," said Stella, "does he make you very wet?"

"Yes. In fact all this talk of noise and wetness has made me want to lie down."

"Come on Marcus," said Stella as she got up from the table, "let us take Laura to her cabin."

Laura's cabin was quite spacious and had a large bed, the three of us fitted on it with no trouble at all. We were all naked. I lay in the middle with Laura to my left and Stella to my right. Stella had her mouth pressed firmly to mine, her tongue wriggling round in my mouth whilst Laura had my cock in her mouth and was sucking on it gently.

Stella stopped kissing me and moved up the bed so her large breasts were hanging over my face. She offered me her right teat and I lifted my head and latched onto it with my mouth.

"Mmm," she said softly, "good boy, suck on my teat."

I put my right hand on her other breast and began to massage it, eliciting a moan of pleasure from her.

"I think you are ready for me now," said Laura as she took her mouth away from my stiff cock.

I let out a muffled moan as she straddled me and lowered herself onto my cock, taking it's length inside her body. Stella took her tit out of my mouth and shuffled further up the bed, she knelt astride my head and pushed her hairy muff onto my face.

"Pleasure me," said Stella as she started to roll her hips, grinding her hot damp cunt onto my mouth.

Laura was grinding down on me too, my cock lodged as deeply in her as it could possibly be.

"Oh he is such a good boy," moaned Laura as she wriggled around on my cock, "he does entertain us so well."

"Mmm," agreed Stella, "he uses his tongue so cleverly."

After a few minutes of feeling my tongue on her clit, Stella let out a cry of passion and soaked my face with female ejaculate. She hit the headboard of the bed with her fist and shook her head as she had an intense orgasm.

"Oh my goodness!" Cried Laura as she came, her body swaying and her arms outstretched.

Both women climbed off me and knelt either side of me. They looked at each other and smiled.

"Do you want to make him come?" Stella asked her friend.

"I suppose I could," came the reply.

"Stop teasing me and do it then!" I cried, desperate for one of them to bring me off.

Laura took my cock in her hand and began to work it up and down. I relaxed and let the sensation of an experienced woman wanking me off flood over me. It was not long before I felt my spunk rise up my shaft and shoot out all over my stomach.

"Goodness!" Cried Stella, "there is such a lot of it!"

"Taste it," Laura told her.

I watched as Stella lowered her head to my stomach and began to gently lap up my mess. I could feel her tongue as it slid over me, collecting my seed and putting it in her mouth.

"There, all done," said Laura as we watched Stella kneel up and swallow my spunk.

The two women lay down next to me and we drifted off to sleep.

"Come on Marcus!" Anka shouted from outside of my tent, "we are going to look for the entrance to the pyramid."

I was brought back to the present by her call, once again I thanked the ring for not harming me. Once again my sheet and my body were covered in my semen.

I got up, washed using as little water as I could and dressed. I went outside to see the others walking towards the pyramid. I took hold of the little prism and the entrance to the tomb was revealed to me.

The others were both surprised and impressed with the speed in which I discovered the entrance, I told them that it was just luck.

Clem prised away the sandstone blocks of the doorway and Anka led us into the passageway. We all carried powerful torches and cast them over the walls of the passage, looking at the markings. Idzi started to photograph the walls meticulously.

"There is so much here," he said in an excited voice, "oh the stories these markings might tell."

Anka stopped and put her hand on the wall. "Here," she said, "Clem, I want you to remove some blocks here."

"Why here?" Asked Lisa.

"The blocks are different, they have been put in place at a later time."

"Well spotted," said Izi, "you are a clever girl."

"Ooh," said Bea, "that's a bit patronising, professor."

"He doesn't mean it," said Anka, "it's just his way"

I glanced at Lisa, she was giving Idzi a look which said, 'Oh how you are going to pay for being such a chauvinist.'

It took Clem a while to make a space large enough for us to pass through and once he had accomplished his task we went through into another passageway. After a few yards we were presented with a large sandstone block obstructing our progress.

"They are on the other side of this block, if the scrolls are correct," said Anka.

"You're going to need more than a hammer and chisel to get through that," said Lisa.

"Anybody got any dynamite?" Asked Bea.

"I brought some, just in case," said Clem.

"Well, you're a dark horse," said Bea.

It was decided to evacuate the pyramid while Clem set the charge. We filed along the passageway, back the way we had come, I noticed Idzi had his hand on Lisa's ass as he followed her along and she was not batting it away.

'she is leading him on,' I thought to myself, 'both figuratively and literally.'

We came to the place where we had entered the pyramid but the entrance was blocked.

"What is going on?" Asked Bea in a concerned voice, "have we taken a wrong turning?"

"No," replied Anka, "I am sure this is where we came in."

Just then we heard the sound of an explosion, Clem had set off the charge to break the obstacle to the tomb. A few seconds later he came running towards us followed by a large dust cloud.

"Run!" He shouted, but there was nowhere to run to.

A few seconds later we were engulfed. We all started to cough violently and one by one collapsed onto the floor.