 It was dark and still dusty when I regained consciousness, I picked up my torch and shone it around. I could see the still forms of my companions. The only one stirring was Bea. 

"Bea, are you alright?" I asked as I took hold of her shoulder and gave her a little shake.

"I think so," she replied as she got to her knees.

We both stood and looked at the others.

"Do not worry, they are still living," came a voice from behind me.

I span round and saw a woman in a white robe standing there, she looked very much like Helen Shaw. 

"I know you," said Bea, "you're the woman who took the rings from Marcus and Bea just before they were entombed."

"Follow," the woman said to us as she walked away.

We followed her along the passageway to the place where Clem had set the charge against the sandstone block. There was an opening and the woman passed through it, we followed.

"My God!" Exclaimed Bea, "look at those poor souls."

The scene that met our eyes was indeed sad. A couple of decomposed corpses huddled together in one corner and two desiccated corpses lying side by side in a stone coffin.

"They must be the Kantors," I said, pointing to the couple in the corner, "they found the tomb and something happened to them."

"So Bea and Marcus are behind that wall," said Bea, pointing to the wall to our left.

"Take the rings from the princesses old forms," the woman told us, "re-unite them with the princesses in their new forms and take them to the tunnel, then they will find peace."

I went to the coffin and looked in, each corpse had a ring similar to mine on what was it's little finger. I slipped the rings off and put them in my pocket.

"Be careful," the woman said to us, "there are those who would have you fail in your task."

"Who?" Asked Bea.

But the woman was gone.

We heard the sound of shuffling feet and Anka appeared in the room.

"Here they are!" She called behind her.

"Look," said Bea to her, "this is what you were searching for."

Anka looked inside the coffin and smiled, then she looked around the room. The others filed into the room, all looking dusty and slightly bewildered.

"What a wonderful find!" Cried Idzi, "we shall be famous!"

"I think we should find a way out," said Lisa, "before anything else happens."

We left the room and went back along the passageway. This time Anka led us to the entrance it was open.

"I don't understand," she said, "I am sure this is the same place as before."

"It doesn't matter," said Lisa, "at least now we can get out."

As the last of us walked out into the clear dark desert night we heard a loud rumbling noise coming from inside the pyramid and the ground began to shake.

"Run!" Shouted Clem as he took hold of Bea's hand and pulled her along.

We all ran, putting some distance between ourselves and the pyramid. I turned and watched as it imploded into the desert, leaving no more than a mound of rock and dust where it once had stood.

"What just happened?" Asked Lisa.

"I have no idea," replied Idzi, "but where there was once a small pyramid there is now just a pile of rock."

"I suppose we had better get some sleep and then get back to Cairo," suggested Clem.

Everyone agreed with him and we all went to our tents.

"Excuse me," I said to the young man behind the desk in the lobby of the Cairo hotel, "can you tell me if lord and lady Kantor are still staying here?"

"They are no longer here sir" he replied.

"Oh, they must have gone back to England then," I said to him.

"Quite possibly," he replied.

I turned to go just as Jack and Stella Price walked into the hotel. Stella saw me and her face lit up. She nudged her husband and pointed me out to him, he saw me and smiled, I waved.

"On your way home?" Jack asked as we sat in the bar sipping gin and tonics.

"Yes," I replied, "the mining operation in Sudan was a total loss."

"You poor boy," said Stella, "we must think of something to cheer you up."

Thirty minutes later I was laying on top of Stella Price, my cock stuffed firmly up her hot wet cunt, her husband sitting watching as I fucked her vigorously.

"Go on Marcus," he said to me in a whisper, "give the dirty bitch what she wants."

"Yes," said Stella, "fuck me, fuck me hard."

I was not surprised when Jack pulled me off his wife and took my place. The sight of a younger man fucking his wife turned him on and once his ardour was up there was no getting in his way.

I was moved aside forcefully and Jack rammed his stiff cock up Stella with a will.

"Oh my love!" She cried as he began to give her a really physical fucking.

"You slut!" He cried, "you filthy slut! You can't keep your knickers on when he's about, can you. You have to get that young cock up you at every opportunity."

"Yes," she replied, "I am a slut, a dirty bitch on heat and you love me all the more for it, you pervert."

"Oh fuck!" Cried Stella as she climaxed, her legs wrapped tightly around Jack's back, her fists pounding on the bed.

"Ughn," groaned Jack as he put his seed in his wife.

"A filthy bitch like you needs to be taught a lesson," Jack said to Stella after he had climbed off of her.

"What do you mean?" She asked.

"This," he replied as he grabbed hold of her by the waist, lifted her bodily from the bed and span her over.

Jack pulled her up onto her knees, her ass sticking up in the air. He slapped her ass and turned to me.

"I want you to bugger the slut," he said to me, "stick your stiff young cock up her ass, make her squeal."

The sight of Stella's large round ass was almost too much for me, I could feel my cock twitch and my balls tingle with excitement.

"No Jack!" Cried Stella in mock outrage, "you mustn't make him do that to me!"

"Shut up you slut!" He shouted at her, "I want to watch him fuck you in your ass."

I climbed onto the bed and squatted behind her. She held her breath as I put my cunt-juice soaked cock to her little puckered ring and pushed. She gasped as my cock head penetrated her, followed by the shaft as I fed my meat up her back passage.

"Oh Jesus, she is tight," I said to Jack, "so tight and so nice."

"Bugger the bitch!" He ordered me, "loosen that ass-hole for me in case I ever want to put my cock up there."

I gently ass-fucked the forty year old wife of the English aristocrat while he looked on, loving every second of it. She grunted and groaned as she felt my cock stretching her ring-piece, making it loose for future use by her husband.

"Oh cripes!" I called out as I put a huge load up her colon, my cock throbbing, squirting jets of hot sticky spunk into Stella's back passage.

"Has he come?" Jack asked his wife.

"Yes," she replied, "I can feel it filling me."

"Good, you deserve it, you slut."

I relaxed and pulled my softening cock from her. I watched her ass-hole close as the tip of my cock left it, a tiny dribble of spunk escaping from her as I pulled out.

Stella collapsed onto the bed, a grin on her face. Her husband smiled at her, I could see they were enjoying their game.

"Wake up Marcus!" Came a shout from outside my tent, "we are leaving!"

I climbed out of my semen and sweat soaked sleeping bag and splashed some water on my body. I dressed and went outside, it was still dark, the others were getting into the Land-Rovers.

"You drive," Bea told me, "follow us back to Cairo."

We left the tents where they stood and sped off towards civilisation.

We were standing in line waiting to board the plane home when an Egyptian customs official approached us. I turned away from him and put the rings from the tomb in my mouth and swallowed them.

"Come this way please" he said to Idzi, "and bring your companions."

We followed the official into a large room. Sitting behind a desk was an older man, dressed in the same uniform.

"We have received information that some people may be trying to smuggle antiquities out of the country," the older man said to us, "your bags have been inspected and now we wish to search you and interview you about your stay in Egypt."

"Be my guest," said Idzi, "I have nothing to hide."

"Nor me," said Clem.

I was led to a room and told to strip, which I did, placing my clothes on the desk that was in the middle of the room.The man went through my clothes to see if there was anything hidden in a pocket or the lining of my jacket.

"What is this?" He asked, holding up the little glass prism.

"Just a small gift for a favourite neice," I replied, "I bought it in a shop in the bazaar."

"I shall take it to be inspected," he told me, " a colleague will finish searching you, leave your clothing off."

I was mortified, my all-seeing prism was being taken from me! I hoped that I would get it back.

The man left the room and I stood, naked, waiting for something to happen. The door opened and a woman walked in. She was a well-built, olive-skinned arab woman, probably in her thirties. She was wearing her customs uniform and a pair of latex gloves.

She came up to me and looked in my ears. She looked up my nose and pulled my mouth open and looked in there as well. When she was standing close to me I looked into her eyes and smiled at her, she was wearing a nice perfume and had a nice face, even though she did not smile at me.

"Bend over the desk," she told me, "I have to do an internal examination."

My balls started to tingle, she was going to put her fingers up my ass!

I did as I was told and bent over the desk. I relaxed as best I could and smiled a little smile when I heard the sound of a lubricant being applied to latex-clad fingers.

"Uuuuh!" I cried out softly as I felt two slightly chubby fingers invade my ass.

"There is nothing up there," she said.

"Are you sure?" I asked, "have a good feel around to make absolutely certain."

"You English," she laughed, "you love having a woman's fingers up you, don't you."

I could feel her fingers gently massaging my rectum, seeking out my prostate gland. My cock had become stiff and was squashed between my belly and the desk.

"Oh fuck, that's nice," I said to her, "you are so good at this."

"I get a lot of practice," she replied.

"Ugghh!" I grunted as I shot off my load, coating my belly and the desk top with a copious amount of spunk.

She withdrew her fingers and I stood up, she looked down at the mess on the desk and then at my flaccid penis.

"I should make you pay a fine for soiling official property," she said to me.

"I suppose you should," I replied, "how much?"

"Not money," she said to me as she unzipped her skirt.

She sat on the chair that was next to the desk and pulled off her panties. I smiled as I took in the sight of her luxurious curly black bush. She spread her legs and beckoned me to her. I knelt in front of her and put my face to her sex, she smelt good.

"Pay your fine," she said to me as she took hold of my hair and pushed my face hard against her snatch.

I stuck out my tongue and wriggled it in between her cunt lips. Sticking her fingers up my ass must have given her a thrill as she was soaking wet.

"Oh yes, Englishman," she said as I started to lick her out, "use your tongue, make me come."

I lapped up the juice that flowed freely from her, I flicked her clitoris with the tip of my tongue, loving the feel of her stiff little love-bud. I could feel her thighs squeezing my head as she writhed and squirmed with arousal.

"Oh Allah!" She cried out as she came, a fountain of female ejaculate leaving her hole and soaking my face.

I managed to get my head out from between her now sweaty thighs before I drowned and fell back onto the floor. I looked up to see the big satisfied smile on her quite lovely face.

"You are good at that, Englishman," she said to me, still smiling.

"Well, if you are ever in England," I replied, "maybe we could do it again."

We exchanged numbers. She told me her name was Nafre, that she was thirty-two and she was single. I told her I was Marcus, that I was twenty-six and that I too was single. I also told her that I would love to see her ample bosom, but she wouldn't let me.

I got dressed and the first official gave me back the little prism, saying that it was of no value. I re-joined my friends and we were allowed to board the next flight home. All I needed to do was wait for the rings to appear when nature had run it's course.