 "So what happens to us when the princesses are set free from their curse?" Bea asked me.

"I don't know," I replied, "I suppose we will be released from our obligation to help them."

"I don't know if I want to stop being a beautiful nineteen year old flame-haired slut."

"Good point."

"And anyway, you haven't found this tunnel thingy to send them down, have you?"

"Another good point."

"They are together and they are safe in your house, why not leave things as they are for a while?"

"Agreed, let's not rush into anything."

We were sitting in my kitchen talking about what to do with the rings I had brought back from the tomb, deciding whether or not to tell Alison and Tibah about our adventure and what it meant for them.

"Talking of being a beautiful slut," said Bea, "introduce me to this Trudi, she sounds interesting."

So I took Bea to Trudi's house of fun.

We were welcomed into the house by Trudi herself. She smiled and winked at me when she saw the beautiful young woman I had brought with me.

"This is Bea," I said to Trudi, "she is a slut."

"Crikey! He doesn't mince his words," Trudi said to Bea as she ushered us into the main reception room.

"I haven't had a man for a while," Bea said to her, "and Marcus says you have plenty to choose from."

"There are a few gentleman visitors here at present," Trudi replied, "let me introduce you to one or two of them."

"Hello Marcus," came a voice from my left.

I turned to see Jess standing there, dressed in a silk robe which came down to her knees. Her hair was messed up and she was barefoot, she looked as if she had just got out of bed.

"How have you left him?" Trudi asked her.

"Tired but happy," the thiry year old heiress replied.

I walked behind Jess and put a hand on each of her ass cheeks. She giggled softly as I gave them a squeeze through the material of the robe.

"You're not tired, are you," I whispered in her ear, looking over her shoulder at Trudi showing Bea off to a group of men.

"Do you want to come on my face again, or put your cock in me this time?" Jess asked.

"I want to stuff your slutty cunt with my meat," I replied.

"Come on then," she said, walking away from me towards an open doorway.

I followed her into the room and shut the door behind me. I watched Jess walk over to the bed, shedding her robe as she went. I felt my balls begin to tingle as I took in the sight of her beautiful ass, rolling ever so slightly as she walked.

I began to remove my clothes as she climbed onto the bed on her hands and knees, wiggling her ass teasingly at me. She looked over her shoulder at me and smiled.

"Am I pretty?" She asked.

"You are beautiful," I replied.

"Am I as pretty as the red-head?"

"Yes."

I finished stripping and climbed onto the bed behind her. She let out a gasp as she felt me slip the index finger of my right hand inside the warm flesh of her damp pussy.

"Mmm, that feels nice" she moaned as I began to very gently slide my finger up and down inside her whilst leaning over her and kissing the flawless skin of her back.

One finger became two and the finger-fucking got more insistent as she got wetter. My cock was as stiff as a post and I took my fingers out of her and put it in her.

"Oh yes, fuck me Marcus, give me all you've got."

I put my hands on her ass cheeks and dug my fingers in to get some purchase, and then I began to fuck her as vigorously as I was able to.

"Christ yes!" She cried out as I rammed my meat in and out of the randy bitch.

"You filthy dirty lovely bitch!" I called out as I felt my seed rise.

"Don't come yet, don't you dare come yet," she told me as I climaxed.

I couldn't help myself, I shot off a huge load inside her, filling her cunt with hot sticky spunk.

"Bastard!" she shouted as she felt me come inside her, "I wasn't finished."

"God that was good," I sighed as I pulled out of her and fell back onto the bed.

"Go out there," she told me, pointing to the door, "and bring me in a proper man, one who can satisfy a woman."

I smiled and shook my head. I got up from the bed and went to the door.

"Come here a minute," I said to a young man standing nearby as I poked my head out of the open doorway, "I've got an unsatisfied slut in here who needs more cock."

He needed no more encouragement, he beamed at me and entered the room.

"Jesus!" He exclaimed as he took in the sight of the beautiful naked woman on the bed, on her hands and knees with her ass sticking expectantly in the air.

"You had better put this on," I said to him as I handed him a condom, "unless you like the feeling of another man's cum on your cock."

The young man stripped hurriedly and pulled the condom on over his stiff cock. He climbed onto the bed, knelt behind Jess and held his cock to her hole which had my spunk dribbling out of it.

"Oooh!" Cried Jess as she felt him penetrate her.

"Uh," was the sound that came from his lips as he felt the snugness of her flesh around his.

I stood and watched as he began to slide his cock in and out of her, picking up speed as they both approached their climax.

"That's it! Oh yes! Oh God yes!" Shouted Jess as she came.

"Oh fuck yes!" He cried out as he filled the condom with his spunk.

I could see that the condom had a considerable amount of cum in it when he pulled out of her, it also had a shiny coating of my cum and Jess's juice on the outside.

"Mmmm, lovely," said Jess as she fell forward onto the bed.

"Wow!" Said the young man as he sat on the bed recovering from his exertions.

"I'm Marcus," I said to him, holding out my hand, "and she is called Jess," pointing to the now satisfied woman lying face down on the bed.

"Ian," the young man replied taking my hand and shaking it.

I dressed and left Ian sitting on the bed gently stroking Jess's back whilst she drowsed.

"Where's Bea?" I asked Trudi when I walked back into the main room.

"Go into the viewing gallery and see for yourself," she replied.

I went through the door that led into the narrow room that had been made next to one of the bedrooms. There were about eight men standing there looking through the one-way mirror that let them spy on the people in the bedroom, all with their cocks in their hands. I took my place in the line, pulled out my flaccid cock and joined them in watching what was going on.

Bea was on her back, her legs spread. A man had his head between her thighs and by the sound coming from her open mouth he had his tongue up her cunt and was licking her out expertly. Two other men, who looked to be in their late thirties, were standing next to the bed with their stiff cocks in their hands, gently massaging themselves in preparation for what they intended to do to her.

"Oh fuck yes!" Bea cried out as she climaxed, "oh God yes!"

We all watched as she writhed around on the bed, shaking her red tresses and moaning aloud.

"Oh fuck!" Cried out one of my companions as he shot his load, sending a stream of sticky stuff onto the glass which then ran down and dripped onto the floor. Several of the others sniggered at his early climax.

"You first," we heard Bea say as she pointed to one of the men in the room.

We watched as the first man got out from between her legs and the man she had indicated lowered himself onto her. They both moaned with pleasure as he entered her and then began to thrust his cock in and out of the randy bitch.

As he fucked her the voyeurs masturbated in time with his thrusts, empathising with him, being where he was in their mind's eye.

"I'm coming," groaned one of us as he shot off a huge load all over the glass.

"Me too," moaned another as he followed suit.

"Fuck yes, fuck yes, fuck yes!" Shouted Bea as she received the cock that was being thrust in and out of her with an ever increasing ferocity.

"He's gonna come," whispered one of us, "he's gonna come."

We watched as the man inside Bea threw back his head, let out a grunt, stopped moving and put his seed up her.

"I bet he's filling her," said another of us, " putting a huge load in there."

"Ugghn!" Cried the man standing next to me as he shot off all over the floor, "oh God, oh fuck that feels nice."

I wasn't getting stiff so I decided to leave the viewing gallery. The prospect of Bea receiving two more cocks kept my companions where they were, a couple yet to come for the first time, the rest dead set on coming for a second time.

I walked into the main room whilst I put my cock away. I looked up and saw a young asian man, he looked surprised when he saw me, almost shocked. I was about to speak to him but he turned and walked away towards the front door.

"Is she enjoying herself?" Trudi asked as she came over to me.

"I think she is getting what she wants," I replied.

The next evening I managed to get Bea, Alison and Tibah together in my kitchen.

"I have a gift for each of you," I told the young lesbians.

I opened my hand to reveal the rings.

"That's kind," said Alison to Tibah, "Marcus has bought us matching rings."

"Try them on" said Bea in a sullen voice, "I suppose it is time to go back to normal."

I had convinced Bea, or Kim, that we should honour our obligation to the princesses and we sat expectantly as they put the rings on their little fingers.

It went dark and I could hear a rumbling noise, when things settled we were still sitting in my kitchen but the atmosphere had changed.

"Aliz!" Cried Tibah, "we are together again!"

"We have come back," said Alison in reply, "we have been brought back to life."

"Now all we need to do is find the tunnel," I said, "and you can find eternal peace."

I picked up the prism and looked into it. The image that appeared was of a tunnel entrance. I moved the prism and the location became apparent.

"Looks like we're going to Baghdad," I said.