 It was easier than I thought to get to Baghdad and within a couple of days we were settled into a nice hotel in the city. Bea and I were sitting in the bar having a drink.

"Can you lead us to this tunnel?" Bea asked me, "and do we have to hand over our rings when you do?"

"I guess we shall have to wait and see," I replied.

"Would miss like another drink?" The handsome young waiter asked Bea as he picked up her empty glass.

"What time do you get off?" She asked in reply.

'Oh for fuck sake!' I thought to myself, 'she is going to get as much cock inside her as she can before she has to go back to being Kim.'

"I am on a break in ten minutes," he said to her, smiling a broad smile.

Twenty minutes later she walked back over to our table and sat down, her pale skin was flushed and her hair dishevelled.

"Was he any good?" I asked.

"Lovely," she replied, "I really needed that."

"Where did he take you?"

"In the linen cupboard."

"Is that a euphemism?"

"Fuck off."

I looked at her and smiled, she really was a totally hot looking young woman.

"It's a bit of a predicament, isn't it," I said to her, "we have to help the girls but we don't want to lose our youth and beauty."

"This could be my last night as Bea," she answered, "I'm going to make the most of it."

With that, she got up from the table and walked towards the bar.

I went to my room, got undressed, lay on my bed and picked up the little glass prism that the old man had given me in Cairo.

"Now let's see what you are up to," I said aloud as I looked into it.

I blinked and I was transported to another room. Bea was standing in the room with three men, all good-looking, all in their early twenties.

"You don't have to wear condoms," she said to them as she started to remove her dress.

"Jesus baby!" Exclaimed one of them, "you don't go in for small talk much, do you."

I watched as they stripped hurriedly, their cocks springing out in front of them as they pulled down their underpants.

Bea was in just her bra and panties as she knelt in front of one of the young men and took his cock in her mouth.

"Oh baby," he moaned as she felt her lips around his shaft and her tongue rubbing his glans.

One of the others knelt behind her and undid her bra. Bea let out a muffled moan of pleasure as he put his hands on her breasts and began to massage them gently. The third man stood watching, rubbing his cock, keeping it stiff and ready for action.

After a couple of minutes the man Bea was fellating let out a long groan and his hips began to buck involuntarily.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck!" He cried as he shot his load down her throat.

I could see her swallowing, trying not to choke on the sticky mess he was injecting into her mouth.

"This girl can suck cock," he told his friends, "she can really suck cock."

"Can you eat pussy?" She asked as she took her mouth away from him and stood up.

The guy who had been rubbing her boobs picked her up and carried her to the bed. Bea lay on the bed and pulled her panties down, revealing her neatly trimmed red bush. The three of them whistled when they saw it, I began to salivate.

Bea opened her legs and the guy she had sucked off got down and started to eat her out. 

"Let me know when you want this inside you," one of the others said as he waved his stiff cock at her.

"Uh!" Was the only response Bea could utter as she became more and more stimulated by the tongue up her pussy.

We all looked on as Bea was brought to a shuddering climax by the tongue of her admirer, she shook her head from side to side and grimaced in concentration as her insides boiled over and she wet his face with her juice.

"Oh wow, she comes hard!" One of the onlookers said.

"Was I any good?" Asked the first guy as he got out from between her legs.

"Mmm," she replied in a satisfied voice, "that was lovely."

"Now you're gonna get some cock in you," said one of them as he covered her and slipped his stiff cock up her.

"Oh!" Bea exclaimed as she felt him fill her with his meat.

The man fucked her energetically, pumping his stiff cock in and out of her at a pace. The guy she had sucked off was becoming erect again and his companion's cock was dribbling pre-cum in anticipation of following his friend inside the red-haired slut. I looked down to see clear sticky liquid dribbling from my own stiff cock.

"Oh fuck!" Cried out the guy with his cock stuffed up Bea, "Oh fuck!"

"Ooh!" Cried Bea as she felt herself being filled with cum.

"My turn," said the third man as he replaced his friend inside Bea.

"Oh!" Exclaimed Bea as she felt a larger member fill her, "that's a big one!"

"Take it bitch!" The guy said in reply, "it's all going in, all the way in."

I watched as he fucked her as enthusiastically as his friend, ramming his cock up Bea and drawing it out with a quick thrusting action.

"Yes!" She shouted, "fuck me, fuck me, oh fuck yes!"

Bea came again just as she was given a further injection of hot creamy spunk by her big-cocked lover, the pair of them froze in a tableau of lust as he emptied his balls in her and she clamped his cock with her vaginal contractions.

"Oh!" I cried out as I shot off, sending a huge load of spunk all over my stomach.

I was back lying on my bed, naked. My abdomen feeling warm and sticky due to being covered in my seed.

'My God, that was exciting,' I thought to myself as I lay there, relaxing after having come.

I looked into the little prism but nothing happened, It was not going to let me see what Bea got up to next.

The next day I hired a car and drove my three friends to the place where the prism had shown me, an old temple to the south of the city.

"This is it," I told them, "let's go in and see what happens."

The place was empty, it looked as if no-one had been inside it for years. We looked around, it was eerily quiet.

"So, what happens now?" Asked Bea.

We heard a rumbling sound and a door opened in front of us, we walked towards it to see a dark tunnel on the other side, we all stopped.

"Is this it?" Asked Bea.

Then something weird happened, spectral figures appeared from within all of us and moved through the door and into the tunnel. The rings fell from our fingers and rolled after the figures, I felt dizzy and fell to the floor.

When I regained my composure I sat up and looked around, sitting next to me was a woman in her forties who I had never seen before.

"Kim?" I said, putting out my hand in greeting.

"Phil?" She replied.

We shook hands and smiled sadly at each other.

"Phil?" Said Alison in a surprised voice, "how did you get here? And who is your friend?"

"It's a long story," I replied, "and I think it has just come to an end."