 Author's Note: This is the second part of Devin's story. Readers will need to read part one to fully appreciate his dilemma. Thanks for those who commented on part one. Positive votes and feedback will encourage me to continue Devin's saga. Enjoy!

Chapter 4

I left my apartment building, and walked into the parking garage. My new burgundy Corvette was waiting in my prime parking spot. I wasn't used to driving something so powerful, so the drive was not as smooth as I would have liked. The car, however, was awesome. I drove directly to Candace's pawn shop, still as horny as before my threesome.

When I entered, Candace was with a customer, so I nonchalantly browsed the used items. Most of the estate sale items were gone, so I looked at the section with the expensive jewelry. Finally my dream girl came over to see if she could help. "May I help you, sir?" Her voice was as perfect as ever.

"Well, I'm mostly looking, although I thought about buying a nice necklace," I said.

"Is it for anyone in particular?"

Before I thought I blurted out, "Well, I was thinking a necklace would look good on you."

My boldness surprised me as much as it did Candace. Her blue eyes popped open, and she gave a nervous smile. It looked like she was going to blow me off, but then the same bells and whistles look came on her face. She licked her lips, "Sir, that's generous of you. If you gave me such a nice present, I guess I'd have to return the favor in some way."

I could tell by the look on her face that she was facing a lot of internal conflict. She was not the nympho that my two previous lovers were. The power of the genie was overriding her normal moral compass. I could tell she was getting more and more aroused the longer I stood there.

However, my own moral compass began getting the best of me. In an instant I realized that taking advantage of Candice would not be the right thing to do. I suppose the difference was the fact that I really liked Candice. I was happy she was interested, but I wanted to win her, not rely on some magic trick.

I finally said, "We'll see what we can do. Show me your favorite necklace." She reached into the jewelry case and pulled out a beautiful multi-stone necklace made with rubies and diamonds. It shined brilliantly in the lights of the store. I could see why she liked it.

"How much are you asking for it?" I asked.

"The owner has it priced at five hundred, but I think he would be all right with four."

"Sold!" I blurted. She jumped a bit as I pulled out four one-hundred dollar bills and gave them to her. She asked me to help her put the necklace on. As she turned around I began fumbling with the clasp. As I was hooking the two ends together, Candice pressed her ass into my crotch. Of course, my captive cock began coming to attention. It was obvious that I could have my way with her. I admit I wanted her badly, but not this way. The horny stalker suddenly developed a conscience.

She moved away far enough to admire her new necklace in the mirror. Although the jewelry didn't go with her jeans and green button down blouse, I knew it would look stunning with the right outfit. I was thinking quicker on my feet these days so I inquired, "Look, miss, I'd like to ask you out for dinner tonight. But before I do, you'll need to tell me your name." I couldn't let on I knew who she was.

She smiled sweetly, "My name is Candace, Candace Malone. And I would be happy to accept your offer but you'll have to tell me your name."

"My name is Devin, Devin Harris."

"Mmm... that's such a nice name," she cooed.

"And where would Miss Candace Malone like to go tonight?"

"Surprise me! I like big surprises. I just need to know what time so I can be ready for you."

My heart jumped with every word she said. Although my body and face were different, the brain was still me. I was nervous even though I knew old Haji had fixed things for me. I finally muttered, "How about seven o'clock? Is that too late?"

"Oh, no Devin. That will be perfect."

"Great," I exclaimed loudly. "And where should I pick you up?"

"300 West Sycamore, upstairs apartment."

I smiled, trying not to look nervous, "Fantastic! I'll be there at seven o'clock."

"I'll be waiting," she said batting her eyes like a school girl.

I walked out the door and to my car. Two girls passed by me and both paused to smile, wink, and lick their lips. I just kept moving. My new life was going to be complicated, I realized. I got in my car and drove back toward my apartment but felt compelled to get some coffee.

I walked into my favorite coffee shop. It was a small place with a lot of regulars. I got coffee there often. I was upset at first when the barista didn't recognize me. Then I remembered that I wasn't Kyle anymore. However, I still ordered Kyle's drink. While she was making my coffee, I could tell the poor girl was getting quite hot and bothered. She nearly burned herself because she couldn't take her eyes off of me. She even spontaneously unbuttoned the top button on her blouse. At one point she adjusted her bra around her ample breasts. She finally finished my order and handed it to me.

I sat down at the corner table. I sat there because there were two older women giving me the eye at the table closest to the counter. I figured I better stay as far away from them as I could. I was glad that there weren't more women in the shop.

I sat there sipping my coffee thinking about Candace and our impending date. I had decided to take her to an upscale seafood place near my house. I recalled hearing her tell one of the party guests how much she liked lobster. I wanted to win her with my ability to anticipate her needs.

I closed my eyes for a moment trying to recall her face in my mind. When I opened them again the barista was standing next to my table. She said nervously, "Sir, can I get you anything?"

As I mentioned earlier, I had come to this place for years, and no one had ever asked Kyle if he wanted anything else. I said, "Uh, no, I'm fine. But thanks."

"Are you sure you don't need something?" she insisted as she adjusted her bra again.

"No really, miss. I'm fine. I'm going to finish my coffee and leave in a moment," I said emphatically.

The consequences of my poor request from the genie were becoming more obvious by the hour. The longer this girl stood there, the more on fire she was becoming. She was sliding her hands up and down her sides. Her knees were together like she was trying to keep from pissing in her panties. She kept licking her lips incessantly and looking at me with pure lust. She wasn't gorgeous, but she was attractive. However, in her heightened state of arousal, she looked absolutely stunning.

In a quick moment the new Devin had to make a decision. I had to decide if my goal was to win the heart of Candace or become a player and screw every woman who threw herself at me. In that split second I decided that Candace was my goal. I swallowed my coffee and excused myself quickly deciding to go home to rest and get ready for the evening.

I was glad to find that the two ladies had left. I was worried they might still be there and be ready for more. I fixed myself a salad. Haji told me that even though he had given me a new body, it would be up to me to maintain it. I didn't want to add any fat to this perfect physique, so I decided to eat light.

The afternoon went by slowly. I watched some television, read a few chapters, and took a short nap in my incredibly comfortable recliner. I also looked over the information on this new company I was going to work for. Even though Haji had said the job was a sure thing, I wanted to be ready for the interview the next day.

Chapter 5

At six fifteen I made my way to Candace's house in my new car. I pulled into the driveway of her home. It was a two-story apartment house with white siding and black shutters on the windows. There were two doors, one leading to the downstairs apartment and one leading up to Candace's place. I rang the doorbell and could hear her walking down the stairs.

When my dream girl opened the door, I almost fell over. She had gone wild getting ready for this date. Her blonde hair was even more silky and shiny than ever. She was wearing a tight black dress that stopped about the middle of her shapely thigh. Her black pumps had about a five inch heel. She had on a dainty ankle bracelet that had rubies to match the necklace I had bought for her that morning. To say she looked stunning would be an understatement. The bright red lipstick perfectly accentuated her pouty, full lips that had caught my attention the first time I saw her.

I led her to my car, and she kept repeating how beautiful it was. Once she was seated I got in the car and headed to the restaurant. As gorgeous as she was, it was still quite disconcerting having her stare at me. She stared. She sighed. She rubbed my thigh as high as she could. For a moment I thought she was going to straddle me on the driver's seat. I tried to carry on normal small-talk, but everything she did was distracting, and arousing.

I parked the car at the restaurant. Candace got very excited that it was a seafood place. We went in and were seated by a pretty host, a tall African-American girl who looked to be in her early twenties. She was wearing a tight white blouse and a short black skirt. As we were seated, the host looked at me with smoldering desire. Candace looked at her with jealousy and contempt.

Honestly, I was relieved when our server turned out to be a young man. We both ordered some wine and then placed our order. Candace ordered the lobster as expected. I ordered some grilled salmon. We sat across from each other. My beautiful date looked so pretty in the soft ambient lighting. We chatted about a bit of everything. I told her about my new job. She told me about her job, her family, and her love of horses. A very normal first date conversation.

However, she kept playing footsies with me under the table. At first she rubbed her shoe up and down my right shin. The next thing I knew, she had removed her shoe, and I could feel her bare foot rubbing the inside of my thigh. Her legs were too short to get all the way to my cock, but she was stretching her leg as far as she could. I admit I was enjoying the attention. I reached my left hand down to massage her foot and toes. We ate quietly for a bit, just looking at each other. The lust was building inside both of us.

We both declined dessert. I paid the check. We held hands all the way to the car. As I opened her door, she turned toward me and gave me the most sensuous kiss I have ever had (not that I had received many kisses). My cock was obviously pressing against my pants, so she gave it a nice pat as she sat down.

I asked her if she wanted to catch a movie, but she suggested that I come back to her place for a quick drink. How could I say no? I parked, and we went in. We made our way up the dark stairs to her apartment, me watching her perfect ass climbing in front of me. Her apartment was as cute as she was. It was small with a kitchen, dining, living room combination. There was a door to the right that I assumed was to her bedroom. There was another door that went to the bathroom. She had some blue, modern looking furniture. The decorations were minimal but very tasteful.

She offered wine or beer. I chose beer. She gave me one from her refrigerator and excused herself to the bedroom for a moment. I sat there absolutely incredulous about today's events. I had fucked two attractive women early that morning. I was sitting in the living room of the girl of my dreams, and my dream girl was throwing herself at me. I thought I should pinch myself. I was hoping this wasn't a dream.

Momentarily Candace emerged from her bedroom. She had changed into a long, blue satin robe that drug the floor as she walked across the room. She retrieved her own beer and sat down next to me on the couch. She practically sat on my lap.

She thanked me for the lovely dinner and pleasant conversation. I thanked her for accepting my invitation. That was the end of our normal conversation. I leaned toward her to kiss her. She took full advantage of my advances. She kissed me so deeply I thought my lips were going to come off. I embraced her tightly as our tongues and lips explored every curve and crevice of the other. My hands caressed her hair and down her back. She held my face in her hands. I lowered my lips to kiss her neck and I felt her body shudder.

Candace then straddled me, sitting on my lap. As her legs spread I could see that she was wearing nothing under the robe. As she sat facing me, she backed up enough to unbutton my shirt. Her mouth then found my neck and chest. She showered me with soft, sensuous kisses. I pushed her robe off of her shoulders, and she let it fall to her waist. Her breasts took my breath away. They were not large, but they were as perfect as anything I had ever seen. Dark, puffy nipples accentuated the tips of beautifully round breasts.

She lifted herself so that I could take her right nipple into my mouth. When my lips closed around the areola, she gasped loudly. Using the back of my head, she pushed my mouth even more tightly onto her. I sucked and nibbled, feeling her hips grind into my groin with each suck.

Her passion grew to the point that she needed more. She climbed off of my lap and knelt in front of me. She took off my shoes and socks, kissing the tops of my feet softly. She rose up and unbuckled my pants, unhooked the clasp, and lowered the zipper slowly. I lifted my hips as she slid my pants and boxers down my legs. Then quicker than I could imagine, her lips were gently kissing up and down my engorged shaft. She kept going on about how beautiful my cock was, that it was bigger than any she had ever seen, and how much she wanted it inside her. Her worshipful words complete, she proceeded to give me a blow job that I will never forget.

I don't know where Candace learned her techniques, but the way she used her mouth and tongue was magical. She knew just where to apply the pressure. She licked the head, the underside of my cock, and my balls. She then lifted my balls out of the way and nibbled just behind them, sending literal chills up my spine. Two weeks ago I would have sprayed cum all over her hair right then and there, but now I had complete control.

She then lowered her mouth over my big dick. Her small mouth was no match for my newly acquired length and girth, but she gave it her best, taking four or five inches into her mouth. She sucked and kissed and licked for at least ten minutes. The whole time she was moaning as loud as if she were experiencing her own orgasm.

I was thoroughly enjoying every bit of the attention she was giving, but I wanted to be fair. I lifted her up and laid her on the couch. I lifted and spread her legs as I knelt in front of her. I lowered my face to taste her for the first time. She was completely shaved. The lips to her pussy spread out to each side of the opening like a pair of angel's wings. I could see her juices glistening. I caught the first waft of her aroma. I could wait no longer. I lowered my face to her pussy and took those lips right into my mouth. She gasped for so long that I thought she was going to lose her breath.

I was still new at this, but I tried to remember every dirty story I had ever read, trying to remember all the techniques. However, I honestly don't think my technique really mattered to her. She nearly screamed with every move of my tongue and lips. I kissed, and she moaned. I licked, and she giggled. I sucked, and she squealed. When my lips locked onto her clit, she screamed for almost a full minute as wave after wave of an intense orgasm tore through her body. Her legs locked so tight around my head, I thought I was going to suffocate.

When the last wave subsided, I scooted her body around so I could lie on top of her. When the head of my cock bumped against her wet pussy she screamed, "Fuck me Devin. Fuck me hard and nasty!"

I pushed my Dick slowly into her pussy, but that wasn't what she wanted. She screamed at me again, "I said fuck me! I want to feel your cock pound my pussy!"

I began thrusting as hard and fast as I could. I was so large I could only get about seven inches inside her, but those seven inches were heaven. No matter how hard I thrust, she wanted it more. She dug her fingernails into my back, trying to spur me to fuck harder. Her hips kept rising to meet mine. She screamed again as another orgasm hit her. I put her feet on my shoulders changing the angle, and she screamed again. Both of us were insatiable.

I flipped her over and fucked her from behind. I guess I was growling like an animal. I kept thinking I was hurting her, but the more I fucked, the more she asked for more. She finally yelled, "Cum inside me Devin! I want to feel your sperm inside me!"

I didn't need to be told twice. On cue I allowed myself to orgasm. As I told you earlier, Haji had made every sensation magnified. I cannot describe adequately to you the ecstasy I felt. I sensed every spasm in a way that I had never felt before. My nipples extended. Goosebumps formed all over my body. Every nerve ending was firing simultaneously. I thought my brain was going to fly right out of my head. I don't know how long the orgasm lasted, but when I was done Candace was staring at me over her shoulder in absolute amazement.

I collapsed on the couch behind her, and Candace turned around and slid herself into my arms. She was absolutely exhausted. I was breathing hard, but I could have gone on indefinitely. However, the euphoria was not there. I simply wanted more. I knew my sweet Candace couldn't take anymore. I looked down at this goddess in my arms feeling happy and guilty. I was happy she was there, but guilty because Haji's work had manipulated her affections and passions.

Then another depressing thought hit me. Because of my irresponsible requests, I would never know if any woman liked me because I was me or simply because of the spell they were under. I was falling in love with Candace, but she was responding to something the genie had done. Everything I had was unearned. Would everything I receive in the future be unearned? Suddenly the realization hit so deeply that I wanted to cry. I kissed my lover on the forehead and told her I had to go. "I've got a big meeting tomorrow," I managed to say.

"Will you call me again, Devin?" she said almost begging.

"Yes, Candace. I'll call you." She got up and padded her way to a desk in the corner of the living room. She wrote her number down and handed it to me. I watched every move she made, astounded at how beautiful she was. Even that observation made me sad.

I drove to my new apartment in a daze. The Corvette had lost its luster. I wanted so bad to talk to Haji again to make some adjustments now that I better understood the consequences of my request. What the hell was with the rule that nothing could be undone?

I suddenly needed to talk to my mom for advice, and the realization that I could not contact her sunk in deep even though Mom and I hadn't been very close in long time. Dad had bolted when I was seven. I was an only child, and my mother had a hard time raising me. She took care of me in all the ways a mom is required, but emotionally she was just spent most of the time. Still, I'm sure she had the police or some authorities looking for me. Kyle had just disappeared.

I went into the apartment. It was about two in the morning. I got undressed down to my boxers and lay down on the most comfortable bed I'd ever slept in. I set the alarm for six thirty and fell into a fitful sleep.

Chapter 6

The alarm went off. I quickly jumped up and showered, shaved, and dressed. I drove to the appointment, arriving five minutes early. The accounting firm was located in the most expensive part of town. The offices were plusher than any I had ever seen. The receptionist greeted me first with a professional manner, and then with the now typical lustful tone.
