 "Happy new year Phil," I said to myself as I poured another scotch.

I had decided to start the new year in the same way as I had finished the old, under the influence of drink. 

"Oh bollocks!" I cried as the smell of burning toast filled my nostrils.

I pulled the blackened bread from the toaster and spread some jam on it. I took a mouthful and went back to sit at the kitchen table. I downed the scotch and poured another.

The doorbell rang. I looked at the clock, it was ten-thirty in the morning. I got up and went to answer the door.

"Mr. Watson?" The Michael Gambon lookalike standing on my doorstep asked as I opened the door.

"Yes, what is it?"

"The princess Tibah sends her compliments. May I come in?"

The sound of that name made the hairs on my neck stand up.

"Yes. Please come in," I told him.

I kicked the pile of unopened letters that had gathered in the hallway to one side and opened the door fully to allow my visitor in. He walked past me and straight through to my kitchen. He pulled out a handkerchief, wiped the seat of one of my chairs and sat.

"She is worried about you," the man said to me, "you need help."

He wasn't wrong. The aftermath of my adventure the previous year had taken it's toll. Long story short, I was a wreck.

"How can she help?" I asked.

"With this," he replied, placing a small grey ring on the table in front of me.

I carefully picked it up and held it up to the light.

"It has never been worn before," he told me, "it comes with no baggage."

"For me?" I asked.

"Yes. Use it wisely."

"Thank her for me."

My guest stood up and walked out of my kitchen, through the hallway and out of the front door, leaving me sitting at my kitchen table staring at the ring.

I got up and went up to my room. I sat on my bed and gingerly put the ring on the little finger of my left hand. My head felt light and my eyesight dimmed. I felt faint for a few seconds.

The feeling of nausea passed and I stood up. I still felt groggy, but that could have been the effects of the scotch in my system. I looked in the full length mirror that was on the wall in my room.

"Oh my goodness!" I exclaimed as I saw who I had become.

Standing at a little under six foot with thick brown hair and bright blue eyes, a man aged about twenty five stared back at me. I untied the waist band of my dressing gown and let it fall to the floor.

"My God, you are handsome," I said to myself as I gazed at my toned body and flawless skin.

The new ring had done a good job on the fifty-nine year old slob that had put it on a few seconds before. Where once there had stood a washed-up, jobless loser with nothing to live for but the next drink, now stood a dashing young blade ready to conquer the world.

"Oh Ruby," I said aloud, "oh Ruby, you will kiss me now."

I showered and went to the room which I had occupied as Marcus, my previous youthful incarnation. The clothes I had bought for him were still in the wardrobe. My downfall had been swift and painful, nothing in my house had been touched since my return from Baghdad. I picked out a shirt and trousers and tried them on for size.

"Mmm, a bit tight around the chest," I said to myself as I buttoned up the shirt.

The trousers fitted nicely and so did the shoes, things were looking up.

"You're going to need a name," I said to my reflection as I stood admiring myself for the umpteenth time in my mirror, "now what can it be?"

I went downstairs, walked into the living room and picked a book from one of my shelves at random. I opened the book and scanned the page. 

"The first male name I come across," I said aloud, "that will be my name."

The shops were open so I went shopping. The people who dealt with me were all very friendly, especially the female ones. I paid in cash, of course. I decided to have some lunch and look up an old friend at the same time.

I walked into 'Brill', the cafe bar owned by Reggie Stuart, who I had known when I was Marcus. I looked around but could not see him. I sat at a table just inside the cafe and a very pretty young waitress came up to me. I ordered a salad and a coffee.

"Is Reggie about?" I asked her when she brought me my food.

"No, he's not," she replied, "he may be in later though. Are you a friend of his?"

"A friend of a friend."

"Oh."

She left me to eat in peace. I made a mental note to get Reggie to introduce me to her.

After lunch I went home to put away my purchases and begin the mammoth task of putting my house into some sort of order. I took my ring off and did my chores as Phil, the middle-aged loser.

"Well, I wouldn't want to wear you out," I said to the ring as I put it in my bedside cabinet.

I poured the scotch away and cleaned up the kitchen. I opened the mail, noticing that I had received several cheques, some several months old.

After eating my evening meal I showered, put my ring on and got dressed. I went outside, got into my car and drove away in a hurry. I was excited for the first time in a long time.

I arrived at my destination about fifteen minutes later, a large detached house in an affluent suburb of Barstow, the city in which I lived. I parked my car on the street and walked up the gravel drive to the front door. I rang the bell and waited.

The door was opened by Trudi, the Jennifer Aniston lookalike who ran the establishment known to it's guests as 'Trudi's house of fun'.

"Hello," I said to her, "I'm Dexter. Phil Watson said I should visit you."

Trudi smiled at the mention of my name and beckoned me in. I walked into the hallway and she closed the door behind me.

"Hi Dexter," she said to me, "pleased to meet you. How is Phil? I haven't seen him for quite a while, in fact Dennis and I have been worried about him."

"He has been a bit down since the accident," I told her, "but he is getting better. He told me to give you this."

I handed Trudi a small wad of notes which she deftly counted and slipped into her pocket.

"He told me to ask for Ruby," I said to her.

"And he told you to be gentle, didn't he? I think he has a soft spot for our Ruby."

She was right, I had a place in my heart reserved especially for the eighteen year old Elle fanning lookalike who sold her body to any man, young or old.

"Is she here?" I asked.

"Yes. Please come into the salon and I shall find her for you."

I let Trudi lead me into the large room where several couples were sitting chatting and drinking. I recognised the manager of the local football team talking to a woman at least forty years his junior and the owner of the largest car dealership in the city for whom my old firm did the accounts, with his arm around the shoulder of a rather buxom woman of forty or so.

"It's a bit quiet in here tonight," the car dealer said to me as I sat down on the sofa next to the one he and his tart were on, "you should have been here last night, it was crazy."

"I'm sure it was," I replied, knowing full well that any new year's party organised by Trudi would be a wild party.

"Come with me Dexter," said Trudi as she walked across the room, her hand held out to me.

I stood up, took hold of her hand and let her lead me out of the room and into the corridor.

"She is in here," Trudi told me as we stopped at one of the doors in the corridor.

Trudi opened the door and I let go of her hand and went in. My balls were tingling with excitement and I knew that my cock would be producing pre cum at an alarming rate. My heart started to race when I saw her, the girl I was longing to kiss, Ruby. About five foot two, short blonde hair, blue eyes, red lips, slender build. She was standing in the middle of the room dressed in a pale blue knee length silk dressing gown tied loosely at the waist with a silk cord. Her perfect little finger and toe nails were painted with a matching varnish.

"Hello," she said in a little girl voice, "I'm Ruby."

"Hello," I replied, holding out my hand, "I'm Dexter."

Ruby took my hand and shook it gently. We smiled at each other shyly, me because I felt unsure how my body would behave, her because she was a bloody good actress.

"Would you like to take your jacket off?" She asked.

I slipped my jacket off and put it over the back of the chair which I was standing next to. She came over to me and began to unbutton my shirt.

"You smell nice," she said to me as she undid the buttons.

"So do you," I replied as I put my nose to the top of her head and sniffed her hair.

Once my shirt was undone, I pulled it off and dropped it on the floor. Ruby started to plant little kisses on my hairless chest, it felt wonderful.

"Can I kiss you?" I asked, knowing that she was very particular about who she let kiss her.

"Let me do this," she replied in a whisper, avoiding having to answer me directly.

She covered my chest in kisses, moving down to my stomach, undoing my belt and fly as she did so. I could feel my cock straining to be released from the confines of my underpants.

Ruby squatted in front of me, took hold of my trousers and pulled them down to my ankles. She put her hands on the waistband of my underpants and gently lowered them, allowing my erect cock to spring out.

"Oops!" She giggled, "he nearly hit me in the face."

Then she put her mouth around my cock and began to gently suck me off.

"Oh," I moaned as I felt her tongue running along the underside of my cock, "that feels so good."

She mumbled a reply as she bobbed her head back and forth on me, I stretched out my arms, arched my back and stood on the balls of my feet as I felt my seed rising.

"OH RUBY!" I shouted as I began to ejaculate, squirting out jets of hot sticky spunk that filled her mouth.

True professional that she was, Ruby was not put off by having her mouth flooded with cum, she merely swallowed it down before it could choke her.

I kept cumming and cumming, it was as if I had been storing it up for months in preparation for what I was doing that evening. It felt wonderful!

Eventually I stopped cumming and softened. Ruby took her mouth from my flaccid cock and looked up at me with those big blue eyes.

"Crikey!" She exclaimed, "there was so much of it!"

"Sorry," I replied, smiling down at her, "but you turned me on so much, I couldn't help it."

"Stay there," she said as she stood up and went towards the door of the en-suite which every bedroom had been fitted with.

I stood and listened to her gargle away the last vestiges of my cum and then brush her teeth. After a minute or so she walked back into the room.

"Can I lick your pussy?" I asked.

"O.k.," she replied, climbing onto the bed and lying on her back.

She opened her legs, revealing her cute little pussy nestling in her neatly trimmed blonde bush. My heart started thumping in my chest when I saw it, my heart always did that when I saw Ruby's pussy.

"Lovely pussy," I whispered as I climbed onto the bed and got my head between her thighs.

I poked my tongue out and licked along her slit. She let out a mew of pleasure as I wriggled my tongue in between her labia and lapped at the juice she had started to make.

It is highly unlikely that a client is going to bring a whore to orgasm, either with his penis, his fingers or his tongue, but a good whore knows that he would like to and she will pretend to come for his benefit and Ruby was a very good whore.

"Oh yes, just there, that's right, oh," she moaned as I licked her out.

I knew she was acting but I didn't care, I just adored her sweet little pussy and could lick her out forever and a day.

Ruby let me know she had been licked for long enough by pretending to have an orgasm, which she did after a few minutes of my oral attention.

"Oh! Oh! Oh!" She cried as she wriggled her legs and hammered her fists on the bed.

I lifted my head and looked at her, she was looking at the ceiling as she pretended to come.

"You don't need to pretend with me," I told her, "just being able to touch you and lick you is all I want."

"Oh, o.k.," she replied, "you can kiss me if you want."

I lay next to her and leaned over. She turned her head towards me and our lips met. I opened my mouth and pushed my tongue into hers, she responded by flicking her tongue around mine. It was the first time I had kissed her and it felt lovely.

We had a really good snog which lasted for several minutes. I could have carried on for hours but I knew it had to stop sooner or later. Eventually I took my mouth away and looked into her eyes.

"Thank you," I said softly, "that was nice."

"Yes it was," she replied, smiling at me.

I ran my hand over her smooth flat tummy and upwards. She took hold of my hand and placed it on her left breast. I massaged it gently, noticing how hard the nipple had become. I could feel my cock begin to stiffen and it came into contact with Ruby's thigh.

"You can do me now if you're ready," she said in her best little girl voice, "but you must wear protection."

She reached into the cabinet at the side of the bed and produced a condom. I took it from her, opened the packet and slipped it on.

"Oh Ruby," I whispered as I covered her, "you are such a good girl."

She looked into my eyes as I began to thrust my cock in and out of her soft, wet, tight vagina. I had put my cock in her before, but I had been an old man then and not the handsome young man I was this time. Ruby could look at me and not feel disgusted with herself.

"Faster," she urged as I fucked her.

I picked up speed and soon I was banging her at quite a pace, which she seemed to genuinely enjoy.

"I'm gonna come again," I told her.

"Yes," she said, "come in me."

I stopped moving when my spunk started to erupt from my cock and revelled in the feeling of her tight little cunt wrapped around my throbbing member. Even though I had shot off a huge load only a short time before, I still managed to put quite a bit of jizz in the condom I was wearing.

"That was nice," she told me after I had pulled out of her and lay next to her on the bed.

"It was wonderful," I told her.

After a minute or so I got up from the bed and went to the en-suite to get rid of the condom. When I returned to the bedroom Ruby had put her dressing gown back on and was waiting for her turn in the bathroom.

"Can I call on you again?" I asked.

"Of course you can, silly," she replied, smiling at me, "you can book me through Trudi."

'Ever the professional,' I thought to myself as I left the room.

"Give my love to Phil when you see him," Trudi said to me as I walked into the main room of the house, "and tell him not to be a stranger."

"I will," I told her.

"Gina told me to give you this," she said as she handed me a piece of paper, "I think she would like to see you."

"Gina?" I asked as I looked at the phone number written on the paper.

"She saw you in here earlier."

"Oh."

I put the piece of paper in my pocket, bade Trudi farewell and walked out of the house of fun. It had been a good evening so far.

It was getting late but 'Brill' would still be open so I went there to see Reggie. I saw him sitting at the bar as soon as I walked in.

"Reggie?" I asked as I walked up to him, "I'm Dexter Wells, a friend of Marcus."

"Are you?" The younger version of Denzel Washington asked by way of a reply, "do you know where he is?"

"He's gone."

"Gone as in gone away or gone as in deceased?"

"The latter."

Reggie looked genuinely shocked.

"How?"

"Car crash."

"When?"

"About four months ago."

"Oh."

"I thought you should know, I'm sorry I haven't told you before, but I have been away myself."

"Well, thanks for letting me know."

"He liked working for you, he told me so."

"Did he tell you what he did?"

"Sort of."

"Have you told Jo-Jo?"

That name again, Marcus' mysterious girlfriend.

"No. Can you give me her address?"

"I don't know it, don't know her that well."

"Oh."

"You wanna drink?"

"Just a coffee, I'm driving."

So we sat and drank coffee together and talked about Marcus.

"I'm looking for work," I said once I had gained Reggie's confidence, "I'm very discreet and trustworthy."

"You sound a lot like Marcus," he replied, "he used fancy words like 'discreet' and 'trustworthy'."

"We were very similar."

"He never mentioned you to me, not once."

"That was him being discreet."

"Gimme your number and I'll call you if I have any work for you."

"I lost my phone."

I suddenly realised that Dexter had no phone, nor anything else for that matter.

"Well, when you find it come and see me."

"O.k. I will."

I got up, shook Reggie by the hand and walked towards the door.

The waitress who had served me earlier was leaving the bar at the same time. I held the door open for her, she smiled at me and walked out, I followed.

"You found him then," she said to me.

"Yes thanks."

"I'm Mya."

"Dexter. Would you like a ride home or anything?"

"That would be nice, thanks."

I led her the few yards to where my car was parked, opened the passenger door and she got in.

"Where to?" I asked.

"Cloughton."

"I live there."

"Oh, really?"

"Yes."

"It's really expensive, isn't it? Living there. I can just about afford a pokey little room in a shared flat."

"I lodge with an old guy. He is away quite a bit so I get the run of the place."

"I don't suppose he has any rooms to spare."

My balls started to tingle at the prospect of getting her into my house.

"I think he might. He's away for a few days, why not come and take a look around."

"What now?"

"Why not."

"O.k. then."

Fifteen minutes later I was opening my front door.

"Come on in," I said to her, "I'll show you around."

I had done a fairly good job at tidying up that day and she was impressed by my house.

"Let me show you your room," I told her.

"Your landlord hasn't said I could have it yet," she laughed.

"Let me show you it anyway."

I took her up to the third floor to the room where Anka, one of my previous lodgers had slept. The room was empty except for a bed, dressing table, chair and chest of drawers. Anka had gone back to Poland taking all her stuff with her, I assumed.

As Mya looked around the room, I looked at her. She was a little taller than Ruby, probably five foot five. She was a similar build, quite slim with a pretty face, green eyes, full lips. If there was an imperfection it was that her nose was a bit pointed. She had long straight jet black hair. Teenage witch sprang to mind.

"This is a nice room," she said to me.

"There's an en-suite," I told her.

"No!" She exclaimed, "really?"

"Yes, through that door," I said, pointing to the door at the other side of the room.

She crossed the bedroom and went through the door. The light went on and I heard her gasp. She came back into the bedroom.

"I could never afford this," she told me.

"You don't know how much it is yet."

"How much do you pay?"

"Fifty a week."

"Get lost! You are joking with me! Fifty a week?"

To be honest it did sound a bit cheap, but I really wanted her in my house.

"I have to do chores as well, things like mow the lawn and tidy and stuff."

"I would scrub the floor and do the washing up and everything if I could live here for fifty a week."

"Would you?"

"Yes."

"So what would you do for me if I put in a good word for you with him?"

"I should have guessed," she said, a wicked smile appearing on her face, "you want a finder's fee."

"The bed is made in my room," I told her, holding out my hand.

"Come on then Dexter," she said as she took it, "let me settle the bill."

I led her down the stairs to the second floor where I had two rooms, one for the old me and one for the young. I opened the door to what was now Dexter's room and she went in. 

"This is nice," she said as she took off her coat and draped it over my chair.
