 I spent the next few weeks building a relationship with Reggie. I used my 'friendship' with the recently deceased Marcus to gain his confidence and before long I was doing runs for him, helping in the distribution of weed.

"What I really need is some old guy to transport my product," he told me one day, "someone who is inconspicuous, someone no-one would look twice at."

"I know just the man," I told him, " my uncle, he is as unremarkable as anyone could possibly be."

"Can I trust him?" He asked.

"I trust him with my life."

"Bring him to meet me."

'That would be difficult,' I thought to myself.

"I can't."

"Why not? If he and you is so close, bring him to meet I."

Reggie's roots came through in his speech, sometimes.

"It''s his mother, she cannot be left. She needs constant care. I must stay with her when he is away."

"Ah, right. So he got to behave or you make things difficult for him."

"Yes."

Reggie smiled, he liked the idea of me having a hold over this other guy.

"Send me him, I want to meet him."

He was sitting in his usual place outside 'Brill'.

"Are you Reggie?" I asked as I approached him.

"Phil?" He asked in reply as he stood up from his seat and held out his hand.

We shook hands and I sat down. A waitress I had not seen before brought us each a coffee. She was young and very attractive but I decided that Dexter should leave her alone, at least for the present.

"Dexter says you is totally trustworthy, is that right?" He asked.

"I promise you that I will never betray you," I replied.

"How old are you?"

"Fifty-nine."

"You fit?"

"Apart from my weight, I am in peak physical shape."

"Can you defend yourself?"

"Will I have to?"

"I hope not."

"Are you trying to scare me?"

"You better know that what you will be carrying is worth a lot of money. There are people who would like to take it from you."

"But they won't know I am carrying it, will they?"

"They had better not."

"I won't tell them if you won't."

Reggie smiled and patted my hand. I smiled back and drank my coffee.

"It's just like old times," I said aloud as I pulled the old Volvo into Jack's farmyard.

The dogs came out to greet me as they had when I was Marcus as I got out of the car. Jack came striding towards me, a look of puzzlement on his face.

"Hello," he called as he got near, "what can I do for you?"

'It's the dogs,' I thought to myself, 'they are not behaving as they should.'

"Reggie sent me," I called back in reply, "you must be Jack."

"Oh did he? Yes I am."

"Phil," I said, putting out my hand.

Jack shook my hand and led me towards the farmhouse.

"Is Stella at home?" I asked.

"No," Jack replied in a suspicious tone, "she's away for a few days."

I was being careless.

"Reggie told me she was a very good cook, I was hoping there might be cake."

"Oh did he now?"

We went inside and Jack made us coffees. I sat in my old place at the big table and one of the dogs rested his head on my leg.

"He's not usually that friendly with strangers," Jack said as he sat at his place, "he must sense that you are a good character."

"I am."

"Did you know Marcus, the man who used to come here?"

"Yes."

"What happened to him? Reggie said he just disappeared."

"He died, car crash."

"Oh."

I could see tears welling up in his eyes, he had obviously liked Marcus very much, more than I knew.

"I don't know anymore than that. There is a cousin though, perhaps he could tell you more."

"I would like to meet him. Stella was very fond of Marcus, so was I."

"I'll let Dexter know."

"Is that his name? The cousin."

"Yes."

Jack and I conducted our business which was him putting two large holdalls of weed in my car and me handing him a very large sum of money.

"Fancy having some fun?" he asked me, "there's a girl in Payneton."

"Sounds good," I replied.

Jack drove us to the aforementioned seaside town which was an hour or so away from the farm. We stopped at a country hotel just outside and Jack made a call on his phone.

"She will be here in a while," he told me as we got out of the Range Rover, "let's go and have a drink."

The man at reception seemed to know Jack and handed over a key to a room in exchange for a small roll of notes. We went through to the lounge and took a table. It was fairly busy as it was holiday season and the town was one of the most popular on the south coast.

"You were lucky to get us a room," I said.

"There's always a small room in the attic for Janice and her guests," he replied.

We sat and drank beer. We chatted about Reggie and his business but I could see that it was Marcus that he really wanted to talk about.

"Uncle Jack!" came a shout from the entrance to the lounge.

I looked over to see one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen in my entire life. About five foot-two, slim, blonde, with a beautiful face, she could only have been eighteen or nineteen. I thought Ruby was beautiful, but she was even prettier.

"Janice!" Jack called in reply, standing up and putting his arms out.

The whole room looked up as the beautiful young woman embraced the burly man. Women smiled and men looked jealous. My cock began to stiffen.

"This is Phil," Jack told her as I stood and put my hand out, "Phil, this is Janice."

"Hello Phil," she said as she shook my hand gently, "pleased to meet you."

"The pleasure is most definitely all mine," I replied, looking into the most beautiful blue eyes in the whole wide world.

She smiled, leaned close to Jack and whispered something to him. Jack looked down and laughed, they were staring at the bulge in my trousers. I let go of Janice's hand and sat down quickly before the whole room saw.

"Trevor has your money," Jack told her quietly.

"Good," she replied, "now where is my spritzer?"

Jack went to the bar, leaving us alone for a moment. She sat opposite me, put her elbows on the table and leaned forward.

"Do you think I am pretty?" She asked quietly, looking into my eyes and smiling.

"You are beautiful," I replied.

"Do you want to stick your cock inside me?"

Her abruptness took me by surprise, but it also excited me.

"You know I do."

"You want to stick it in my ass, don't you. You older ones always want to do me in my ass."

My cock was as stiff as a pole and my balls were on fire!

"Here we are darling," said Jack as he put her drink on the table.

"Ooh, thanks uncle Jack," she said loudly in a little girl voice.

Practically every male head in the room turned to look at her.

"Now Janice," Jack said quietly, "stop teasing the gentlemen and annoying their wives."

I saw a teenage boy who had suddenly begun to enjoy his holiday in Devon. He couldn't stop staring at the blonde sitting with the two older men.

"He will be thinking about me when he has a wank tonight," Janice said softly, indicating the young man in question.

"God, she is brazen," chuckled Jack, looking at me, "don't you just love her?"

"Yes I do," I replied.

We went upstairs separately. The hotel still had a reputation to keep up.

"Show me what you've got then," Janice said to me once we were all in the bedroom at the top of the hotel.

I stripped off. I felt a little self-conscious as I had not been naked in front of a woman for a while. My stomach was a little bigger than it should have been and the hair on my body was going grey.

"Not too bad for a white guy," Janice said as she put her longer slender fingers around my stiff cock and pulled back my foreskin.

"Oh fuck, that feels nice," I moaned softly as I felt her touch.

Jack stripped off his clothes and stood behind her while she gently massaged my cock. He put his arms around her and rubbed her breasts through the material of her clothes.

"Let go of him and get undressed," he whispered in her ear, "I want to look at you."

Janice let go of me and Jack took his arms away. She moved a few feet from us and began to take off her clothes. My mouth went dry as I watched her expose her body to us.

"Look at her," Jack said to me, "she is so cute. It is as much as I can do to stop myself from biting her."

She had flawless skin, not a sign of a hair on her arms or legs. She had finely sculptured ankles and wonderful small feet with pretty little toes. Her blonde bush was trimmed short and the cutest little piss-flaps I had ever seen peeped out from her slit.

"Do you think my boobs are too small?" She asked as she let her bra drop to the floor and cupped her pert round breasts in her hands.

My mouth was too dry for me to speak so I just shook my head vehemently.

"Come here you slut!" Jack said loudly as he reached for her and pulled her to him.

He was aroused, he was in that state I had seen before, when he was going to stick his cock in and no-one was going to stop him.

"Ooh uncle Jack!" Cried Janice in mock horror as he threw her on the bed.

"Get your legs open you little whore!" He said angrily, "you have gone too far this time!"

She opened her legs and he got between them. He positioned his stiff cock at her hole and pushed it inside her in one movement.

"Oh Jack!" She cried as he filled her cute little cunt, "you are so big!"

"Shut up!" He cried in reply as he began to fuck her vigorously.

I stood, cock in hand, and watched the big man fuck the young woman. He rammed his meat in and out at breackneck speed, overcome with the need to come as soon as was possible.

"Oh yes! Oh yes! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Janice cried as she received what can only be described as a violent fucking.

It didn't last long. Jack let out a cry and froze, I could tell he was coming, pumping his seed into the teenage whore laying under him.

"I'm sorry Janice," he said once he had calmed down, "but you get me all fired up."

"It's o.k. uncle Jack," she replied, stroking his cheek with her fine fingers, "I know you don't mean me any harm."

Jack climbed off of her and she looked at me standing there waiting for my turn.

"Come on then Phil," she said as she turned onto her front and got up on her hands and knees, "put it where you really want to put it."

She was expecting me to put my cock up her ass and I was not going to disappoint her. There was a tube of lube on the bedside cabinet and I picked it up. Jack stood aside and watched as I squeezed some of the gel onto my cock and smeared it all over my glans and shaft.

"Put a finger in me first," Janice told me.

"Can I?" Asked Jack eagerly.

"Go on then," she replied.

Jack put some lube on his forefinger and put it to her puckered ring. She let out a sigh as he gingerly pushed his finger inside her up to the first knuckle.

"Does it hurt?" he asked.

"No," she replied, "it's nice."

Jack pushed his finger in further and she wriggled her ass about, pushing back against him, getting it all the way in.

"Now Phil can stick his cock in me," she said.

Jack pulled his finger out and I climbed onto the bed and knelt behind her. I held my cock to her ass hole and pushed. Her tight little ring stretched for me and my engorged purple glans forced it's way in.

"Oh!" She cried.

"Aaaaah," I moaned.

She pushed back as I pushed forward and with a few thrusts my cock was inside her up to the hilt. Her ass was squeezing me tightly and I pulled out and pushed in carefully, not wanting to hurt her.

"Come on Phil," she urged me, "you can do better than that, fuck me in my ass, fuck me properly."

I increased the speed of my thrusts and within a minute I felt my seed rise. I grabbed hold of her by her waist, held myself against her tightly and let it flow. I could feel my cock throb, squirting jets of hot sticky spunk up her back passage.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh my good God!" I cried out as I came inside the hot teenage whore.

I finished emptying my balls in her, pulled out and knelt back. She fell forward onto the bed and Jack leaned over her and began planting little kisses all over her back.

"Ooh stop, that tickles!" She giggled as he kissed his way down from her shoulder blades to her ass cheeks.

I lifted her foot, put my mouth to it and began to nibble her toes.

"No!" She shrieked, "that tickles too much!"

I couldn't stop though, her toes were so cute I just had to have them in my mouth.

"Oh no!" She cried as she wriggled around on the bed, "I'm wetting myself!"

I looked down to see a growing wet patch appear between her legs on the freshly laundered duvet. It turned me on immensely.

"Oops," chuckled Jack as he saw it too.

We both let off tormenting her and she rolled over, sat up on the bed and threw a pillow at me.

"You pigs!" She cried, "you rotten pigs!"

"We're sorry Janice," said Jack, "but you are just so cute."

"Well I'm going to have a shower," she said as she got off the bed, "you two can strip the bed and explain to Trevor about the stain on the mattress."

Jack looked at me, smiled and shrugged. I smiled back and began to remove the duvet cover.

It was later on, when we were having another drink in the lounge that I noticed the grey metal ring on the little finger of her left hand.