 I spent the night at Jack's and in the morning drove home. I gave Reggie the shipment, got paid and went back to my house.

"I think Dexter should visit Jack and Stella," I said to myself a few days later.

The dogs greeted me as usual and this time it was Stella who had the puzzled look on her face as they made a fuss over a complete stranger.

"You must be Stella," I said to her, putting out my hand, "I'm Dexter, I'm Marcus' cousin."

"Oh right," she replied in a cautious tone, "Jack told me that he had one. You had better come in."

She led me into the house. I watched her lovely behind as she walked in front of me, I had missed looking at her.

"Coffee?" She asked.

"Please. Is Jack about?"

"He's out working, why?"

"No reason."

We chatted a little about Marcus. The Prices had done grieving and she was glad to know that he had not suffered.

"He told me that you liked a younger man," I said, putting my hand on hers, "perhaps I could take his place in your affections."

"I don't know you that well," she replied.

But she didn't take her hand away.

"I work for Reggie, I'm single and I find you really attractive."

"Do you eat pussy?"

"It's my favourite dish."

"Come on then Dexter," she said as she got up from the table, "let's go to the other room."

'Yes!' I thought to myself.

We stood facing each other and kissed for a little while. Her mouth and tongue were exactly as I remembered them. I ran my hands over her body and she did the same to mine. I unbuttoned her shirt and pulled it open, exposing her ample bosom clad in a white lacy bra.

"Do you like them?" She asked.

"Mmmm," I replied as I put my hands on them and massaged them through the material of her bra.

She stepped back, reached behind her and unclasped it. She pulled her shirt off and dropped it on the floor. She slipped her bra off and threw that down too. I went to her and put my mouth to her left teat. She let out a soft moan as I began to suckle.

"That's just how Marcus used to do it," she said softly, "just the way I like it."

As I suckled I reached down and unzipped her jeans. I put my hands in and pushed them down over her lovely round hips. She put her hand on the bulge in my trousers and gave it a gentle squeeze. I slipped my hand down the front of her panties and felt her bush, my middle finger seeking out her slit.

"Mmmm," she murmured, "that's nice."

I slipped my finger in to find that she was wet. I transferred my mouth to her other teat while wriggling my finger about in her. She ran her hands over my back and moaned quietly.

"I want you to eat me," she said as she pulled my head away from her tit.

I stood back and stripped off while she pulled her jeans, panties and socks off and lay on the sofa, legs apart. I looked at her and smiled, she was just as I remembered her.

"Come on," she said, beckoning me to her.

I knelt in front of her, leaned down and put my face to her snatch. She let out a sigh as my tongue made contact with her outer lips. I pushed it between her lovely fleshy flaps and began to lap up the juice that she was producing.

"Oh yes, oh that's lovely," she moaned as I licked her out.

I flicked her clitoris with the tip of my tongue, causing her to writhe around on the sofa, moaning more loudly and producing even more juice, which ran down my chin and dripped onto the leather cushion under her.

"Oh God yes!" She cried after a couple of minutes of my oral attention, "oh fuck, fuck, fuck, FUUUUCCCKKKK!"

She grabbed hold of my hair and held my head tightly to her as her hips bucked and she squirted, coming hard and loving it.

"I thought you were going to drown me," I said as I wrestled my head free of her grasp and knelt back.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" Was her reply as she kept coming, her eyes screwed tightly shut, her fists pounding on the sofa.

I watched as her orgasm subsided and she came back down to earth from wherever her climax had taken her. I wiped my chin with my hand and congratulated myself on having done a good job on her.

"Do you want to fuck me now?" She asked, staring into my eyes.

I climbed off the sofa and knelt in front of it. I took hold of her by the feet, span her round and pulled her forward so she was sitting on the edge of the cushion. I knelt between her outspread legs, held my cock in position and pushed forward.

"Oh Stella," I moaned as I felt her hot wet cunt envelope my meat.

"Mmmmm," she responded as she felt me fill her.

I thrust in and out fairly rapidly, I had been aroused by watching her come and I wanted to come quickly, I needed to come quickly.

"Oh yes, fuck me," she told me, "yes, like that, faster, yes, yes."

I rammed what I had up her as far as it would go and she took it happily. We stared into each other's eyes, both concentrating on achieving our climaxes.

"OH FUCK!" I shouted as I came, shooting a large load of hot sticky spunk into her body.

"YES!" She cried in response as she came, her vaginal contractions milking every last drop from me.

I fell forward onto her and our mouths came together. We snogged forcefully, our tongues wriggling around together in a frenzy of lust.

"You do like eating pussy," She said to me after our lips had parted and I had knelt back, pulling my flaccid cock from her.

"Especially one like yours," I replied, smiling and winking at her.

We got dressed and went back to the kitchen where she made more coffee. We chatted for a while and then Jack turned up.

"This is Dexter," Stella told her husband, "he was Marcus' cousin."

"Hello Dexter," said Jack, holding out his hand, "pleased to meet you."

We shook hands and Jack sat down. Stella got up to make him a coffee. I excused myself and went to the toilet which was just though the utility room beyond the kitchen.

"He's good looking," I heard Jack say as I was about to go back into the kitchen, "have you fucked him yet?"

I stopped and listened to what they were saying.

"Yes, I hope you don't mind."

"It would have been nice if you had waited for me. How was he?"

"It was strange. He did everything exactly like Marcus did. In fact, when I closed my eyes it was as if it was Marcus who was having me, just like he used to."

"Oh, really? Perhaps I should observe next time."

I walked back into the kitchen and they stopped talking.

"I guess I must be going," I said as I picked up my mug and finished my coffee, "it was nice to meet you both."

"You must stay the night," Jack said in reply, "it would be nice to have a guest in our house."

"Would you like that?" I asked Stella.

"Very much so," she replied, licking her lips.

We went to the village pub after having consumed a very nice meal prepared by Jack. The pub was busy with holiday makers but we found a table and I offered to go to the bar.

"Two pints of cider and a white wine please," I asked the barman.

As he poured the drinks I looked around, hoping to see Bez, the young woman I had fallen in and out of love with in my previous incarnation as Marcus. I spotted her over on the right, chatting to a young man, more of a boy than a man really.

"Who's the barmaid?" I asked Jack and Stella as I put their drinks on the table, "she's very good looking."

"Keep away from her," said Stella, "that Bez is trouble."

"So the guy she's chatting to had better be careful then," I chuckled.

"No," said Jack, "that's Pete, her cousin. He's down for a holiday."

"Oh, right."

It was easy to get to know Jack and Stella, after all, I knew them very well from before. They soon accepted me and opened up about themselves and the people they knew.

"Stella and Bez were in competition for Marcus' affections," Jack told me when Stella had gone off to the loo, "so she won't want you getting involved with her."

"Should I tell Bez about Marcus?"

"Maybe it would be best coming from me," he replied.

I loked over towards the bar to see Bez busy serving, she looked as beautiful as ever, her shoulder length wavy blonde hair hanging over her eye and her right arm straining as she pulled a pint for a customer.

"Oh shit, she's after him," said Jack.

I took my eyes from Bez and looked along the bar to where Stella was standing next to Pete, leaning close to him, whispering in his ear, her right hand gently squeezing his left ass cheek.

"We could well be sharing her with one other tonight," he said in a resigned tone as Stella and Pete walked towards our table.

"This is Pete, Bez's cousin. He's come to visit and stay for a little holiday," Stella told me as she sat down.

"Hi Pete," I said putting out my hand, "I'm Dexter."

"I'm Jack," Jack said, also offering his hand, "I'm her husband."

Pete man smiled at us and shook both our hands. Stella patted the cushion on the bench next to her, indicating that she wanted Pete to sit beside her. He slid in and sat so he was opposite me with Jack on the chair to his right.

"Pete was eighteen only a couple of months ago," Stella told us, a glint in her eye, "so he isn't used to pubs. I thought it would be kind to let him sit with us."

I learned that Pete lived in the midlands and that he was going to start university in the autumn. He was staying with Bez and her husband for a couple of weeks.

"You know those two?" Bez asked me in a stern voice when she served me later on in the evening.

"Er, yes, we recently met," I replied.

"Watch her, she'll go with anything in trousers. My cousin has only been here ten minutes and she's got her claws into him."

I looked over my shoulder to see Stella and Pete laughing together.

"He seems happy enough," I replied as I picked up the tray of drinks.

Pete agreed to come back to the farm for a nightcap. He went to the bar to let his cousin know where he was going and we all filed out of the pub, followed by Bez's angry stare boring it's way into Stella's back.

"She's started," Jack said to me as we drove along the quiet country road towards the farm.

I looked over my shoulder at Stella, who was sitting in the back next to Pete. She had her mouth clamped to his while he ran his hands up and down her back.

"She'll have his cock out any second now," Jack chuckled as he watched what his wife was up to in the rear view mirror.

Jack's forecast was correct, within a short time Stella's deft fingers had Pete's trousers undone and she was forcing her hand inside his underpants. Pete slid forward in the seat to allow her easy access and she pulled his cock free.

"Decent size for a boy," Jack said as he saw Pete's erection sticking out from his body.

I looked around again to see Stella lowering her head over Pete's cock, opening her mouth and taking it all the way in. Pete let out a groan of pleasure as the forty year old beauty began to suck him off.

"He won't last as far as home," Jack said to me, smiling, "but he's young, she will get him to come more than once tonight."

Just as we pulled into the farmyard, Pete let out a long low moan of absolute joy. I looked over my shoulder to see him with his head flung back, his hips bucking involuntarily and his fingers grabbing at the upholstery of the seat.

"There, what did I tell you?" Said Jack.

"Was that nice?" Stella asked as she lifted her head from Pete's cock, wiping her mouth with her fingers and sucking them clean.

Pete nodded by way of reply, his mouth was probably too dry to speak.

"What will you have lads?" Jack asked us as we entered the living room.

"Can I have a beer?" Pete asked by way of reply.

"Of course," answered Jack, "how about you Dexter?"

"Your wife," I replied, staring into Stella's eyes, "I want to fuck your beautiful wife."

"Come on then Dexter," said Stella, returning my stare, "get your kit off and stick that big hard cock up me."

A stunned Pete looked on as Stella and I undressed in front of him. Jack chuckled at his discomfort, slapped him on the back and handed him his beer.

"Come on Pete," he said to the young man, "we've seen yours, so now you can see ours."

With that, Jack began to strip off while Stella sat on the sofa, legs apart, and I knelt in front of her ready to slip my meat inside her.

"Are you ready for me Stella?" I asked.

"Find out for yourself," she replied.

I put two fingers to her slit and wriggled them in between her puffy outer lips. I slid them inside her easily, she was dripping wet.

"My God," I said softly to her, "you are soaking."

She smiled at me as I withdrew my fingers and replaced them with my hot stiff cock, which slid in all the way to the hilt with one push.

"Oh Dexter," she said to me, "fuck me. Fuck me hard and fast. I want it so badly."

I began to thrust, pushing my cock in and pulling it out at a quick pace. I knew from previous experience that Jack would pull me away from his wife and take my place inside her once he was aroused enough.

"Oh fuck, fuck ,fuck, fuck," cried Stella as I pounded away at her.

"OH FUCK YES!" I shouted out as I began to pump my spunk up her.

"OOOOOOOOHH!" Shouted Stella as she came, her cunt pulsing, her body twitching.

"Me now!" Cried Jack as he behaved true to form, grabbing me by the shoulders and pulling me backwards so I fell on the floor.

I watched as the big farmer knelt where I had been and shoved his big stiff cock where mine had been. His wife moaned aloud as she felt him fill her, he grunted as he embedded himself in her spunk-lined cunt.

"You dirty bitch!" Jack said as he rammed his cock in and out of his wife, "you just cannot get enough cock, can you!"

"No I can't," she replied as she bucked her hips, forcing as much of him inside her as she could get, "I love cock, I want lots and lots of cock."

"Oh you fucking slut! Oh fuck! Oh Stella!" He shouted, and then he stopped moving.

Pete and I watched as Jack emptied his balls into his slutty wife who had wrapped her legs around his waist and was pulling him to her, making sure every last drop of his cum was put inside her.

"She needs finishing off," Jack told us as he eventually pulled out of Stella's cum-filled vagina, "can you go again Pete?"

"I, I think so," the young man replied in an uncertain tone.

"I think she might be a bit sloppy inside," I said to Jack, "he's a bit cagey about putting his cock in our mess, I think."

"Soon sort that out," said Jack by way of reply.

Jack stuffed two of his big leathery fingers inside Stella's dripping cunt and twisted his wrist a little. She let out a moan of pleasure as she felt her body being interfered with yet again. Jack withdrew his fingers which were coated in the white goo that he and I had put in her and offered them to her mouth. She opened her mouth and he stuck his fingers in it.

"Good girl," he said to her, "clean Jack's fingers."

She smiled a dirty smile as she sucked all the spunk from his fingers.

"Try her now," Jack said to Pete as he stood up and moved out of the way.

Pete got in between Stella's outspread thighs and pushed his cock inside her. They both moaned with pleasure as they coupled.

"Go on boy," Jack said to Pete, "give her a bloody good fucking."

Pete needed no encouragement to do that, he began to thrust rapidly, ramming himself in and out of her as fast as he could.

"Oh fuck yes!" Cried Stella as she received cock for the third time that evening, "that's the way, yes, oh yes!"

Pete grunted as he exerted himself, banging the filthy slut as hard as he was able to.

"OH FUCK YESSSSSS!" Screamed Stella as she was brought to a shuddering climax.

"UH!" Pete grunted loudly as he reached his peak just at the same time.

Jack and I looked on as the young man spent himself inside the older woman. I turned my head and looked at Jack, he was totally enthralled by the sight of his wife being fucked by another man.

"My God, that was good," Stella said after she had calmed down a bit, "I could do with a drink now."

Jack provided us all with drinks and we sat around in the nude and chatted together.

"Would you like to stop over?" Stella asked Pete, "we have a very big bed."

"Yes please," Pete replied enthusiastically.

"She will probably wake you up in the night," Jack warned him, "she does that to guests."

"Oh, I won't mind," Pete replied.

We all laughed.

"You can have the guest room, Dexter," Stella told me.

"But don't be surprised if you get a visit," Jack chuckled.

I was going to have to keep my ring on in bed, something I had not done yet. I wondered if it would have the same effect on me as my previous ring had had when I had worn it alone in bed.