 I opened my eyes and looked around. I was in a large room with a high ceiling and dirt floor. The walls were made of wood. The room was lit by many candles dotted about the room.

"Here she comes," whispered someone standing next to me.

I looked around to see two cloaked figures enter the room. I counted six of us already in attendance, six cloaked figures standing in the room. I looked down to see that I was wearing coarse leather slippers and that I was naked under my cloak. One of the attendees closed and barred the door through which the figures had entered.

I looked at my hands to see that they were those of an older man, quite scarred and marked by years of hard work. 

'I wonder where I am?' I asked myself silently.

The two figures walked past us and up onto a raised platform on which stood a large ornate chair, more of a throne than a chair, with a padded seat and a reclined padded backrest.

One of the figures sat on the chair and the other stood behind it. I gasped in amazement when the standing figure pulled back the hood of it's cloak to reveal that it was the exact double of Trudi, the madame of her eponymous house of fun.

"Oh great Magdala," the Trudi double said aloud as he raised her hands and looked up to the ceiling, "we bring you this girl that you may come alive and bring us joy and happiness."

"Oh Magdala," mumbled the audience.

'Trudi' bent down behind the chair, when she stood back up she was holding an ornate bronze necklace. The figure sitting in the chair pushed the hood of it's cloak back to reveal that it was a young woman, probably no more than twenty years of age.

'Zeta?!' I thought, 'this is getting weird!'

The young woman was the spitting image of the young wife of the German record producer Hendrick Mahle, who I had met some time before.

"Magdala," intoned 'Trudi' as she put the necklace around 'Zeta's' neck, "I summon you."

A slight transformation came over the young woman as the necklace closed about her neck, her eyes turned red and her expression became fierce. She stood up and opened her cloak to reveal her beautiful young body to us.

"Oh by all the gods of the earth," whispered my neighbour, "I shall enjoy this night."

The young woman let her cloak slip to the floor and then she sat back on the chair and opened her legs, revealing her pink pussy lips surrounded by the most beautiful blonde bush.

"Who will drink from the furry cup?" Asked 'Trudi'.

I could not help myself, I walked forward before any of the others had a chance.

"Remove your cloak," ordered 'Trudi'.

I did as I was told, letting my cloak slip from my body to fall on the dusty floor. I looked down at myself, noticing my flat hairy stomach, spindly legs and semi-stiff penis with two hairy sacs dangling beneath it.

'Zeta' lifted her feet and hooked her legs over the arms of the chair which were padded. She leaned back and rested her hands on her knees. The sight of her exposed sex made my cock become fully erect and my balls start to tingle.

I knelt in front of her and tentatively put my face to her vagina. I sniffed her scent and then poked my tongue out, making contact with her labia.

"Pleasure me," the young woman ordered.

I licked up and down her slit, gently wriggling it in between her soft puffy lips and tasting the hot sweet juice that flowed from her. She moaned quietly as my tongue stimulated her, making her produce more and more liquid. I could feel her moving her hips, working herself off on my tongue.

"Be prepared," said 'Trudi' as she watched the young woman begin to writhe around on the chair, "Magdala will summon one of you very soon."

I felt her put her feet on my shoulders and then I was flung backwards as she kicked me out of the way.

"YOU!" The young woman shouted, pointing to one of my companions.

I sat on the floor and watched as the man pulled off his cloak and went to her. He was an old man, probably in his sixties, with a wiry body and a shock of white pubic hair surrounding a long thin erect penis. He crouched in front of the chair, held his stiff cock to her and pushed it inside her.

"Aaaah," sighed the young woman as she felt him enter her.

"Oh!" Gasped the old man as he felt his cock enveloped by the hot young cunt of the possessed woman.

"Fuck me, you old goat," the young woman ordered him, "fill me with your seed."

The man started thrusting for all he was worth, ramming all he had in and out of her as fast as he was able. She hooked her feet behind him, pulling him onto her as hard as she was able.

"Be ready," the older woman said, pointing to the others.

After a minute or so of frantic fucking the old man let out a long low groan, arched his back to an impossible angle and stopped moving, his head thrown back, his arms hanging limply by his sides.

"Aaaah," said the young woman, a satisfied smile on her face, "the essence of man fills me."

I became concerned for him when the old man twitched a couple of times, fell backwards as he pulled out of the woman and fell in a bony heap on the floor.

"You!" Cried 'Trudi', pointing to one of the others.

He replaced the fallen man in an instant, shoving his cock inside the young woman and thrusting rapidly. She received him silently, hooking her legs around him and pulling him onto her just as she had his predecessor.

"Is he alright?" I whispered to my neighbour as I stood up and looked down at the old man lying on the dirt floor.

"He is in heaven," came the reply.

It dawned on me that the old man had died fucking the woman.

"Aaaah! Yes!" Shouted the young woman as the second man began to ejaculate in her.

He too was quite old and the effort of fucking her and the powerful orgasm she had caused him to have proved lethal to him too. He grunted, his body convulsed, he froze while he emptied his balls into her and then he fell, stone dead, to the floor.

"More cock!" The young woman cried and the third of us replaced our fallen comrade as the other two dragged the corpse away.

This man was not quite so old and looked fairly fit. He rammed his cock up her and started to thrust energetically, his balls bouncing against the chair as he fucked her vigorously.

"Oh yes!" Shouted the young woman, "oh yes! Yes! Yesssssss!"

She locked her legs around him and squeezed him tightly to her as she came. She dug her long sharp finger nails into his shoulders and rolled her head from side to side as she had what looked to me like a pretty impressive orgasm.

"Uuuuuuuh!" Cried the man as he came, his body twitching, his balls emptying.

When the young woman released the man from the grip of her legs he fell back and lay lifeless on the floor.

"Magdala has been pleasured," the young woman said in a sonorous voice, unbefitting someone so young and dainty, "but she has not been satisfied."

"You next," 'Trudi' said, pointing to the man who had spoken to me earlier.

He opened his cloak and let it fall from his body. He had an eager expression on his face as he went towards the young woman sitting on the chair, spunk and cunt-juice running from her well-serviced vagina.

'He's going to his death,' I thought to myself, 'but he can't help himself.'

Just then there was a shout from outside of the room and I heard the sound of wood splintering as the door was broken open. We all looked round to see a large man dressed in a leather breastplate and short woolen trousers brandishing a short broad sword force his way through the broken door.

'A Roman soldier,' I said to myself silently.

The man stopped and looked at us, then he looked at the corpses lying on the floor. I looked away from him and back towards the chair on the platform. 'Zeta' was still sitting on the chair but she was no longer wearing the necklace and 'Trudi' had vanished.

"Take the girl, kill the old men," the soldier said to others who had followed him into the room.

"Dexter, are you awake?" Came a voice from above me.

I opened my eyes to see Stella looking down at me.

"You were mumbling in your sleep," she told me.

"What was I saying?" I asked.

"Nothing intelligible."

She pulled back the duvet and slid into bed next to me. She smiled at me as she reached down and took my cock in her hand. I put my hand on one of her lovely fulsome breasts and rubbed it, making the nipple harden.

"Will you eat me again?" She asked as she rubbed her hand up and down on my stiff cock.

I nodded in assent. 

"Good boy," she said as she let go of me, lay on her back next to me and opened her legs.

I slid down the bed and got in position.I put my lips to her slit and kissed her outer lips, causing her to let out a soft moan of pleasure. She put her hands on my head and pushed my face onto her. I stuck out my tongue and wriggled it inside her as far as I was able.

"Mmmmm," she murmured as I licked around inside her.

I munched on her for several minutes, drinking in the copious amount of juice that she generated. I flicked her clitoris with the tip of my tongue which caused her to writhe around under me, moan more loudly and dig her finger tips into my scalp.

"Oh Marcus," she whispered, "oh my darling."

'She knows something,' I thought to myself, 'she can tell that Dexter and Marcus are the same, me.'

Stella let out a long low moan of delight and froze, then her body began to convulse as she climaxed. My face got a soaking of ejaculate as she came hard, crying out for her lost lover.

"You called me Marcus," I said to her as I surfaced from her dripping cunt and slid into position to fuck her.

"I'm sorry Dexter," she replied, "it's just that you remind me so much of him."

"Try to forget him," I told her as I slipped my stiff cock inside her, "let me take his place in your affections."

"I'll try," she said, smiling at me as I began to thrust my cock in and out of her.

"My God, you are fucking gorgeous," I told her as I fucked her.

"So are you," she replied.

I picked up speed, thrusting hard and fast, bringing her off again just as I shot my load, filling her well-used cunt with my cum.

"OH FUCK YES!" She shouted as she came, rolling her head from side to side and grabbing the duvet with her beautifully manicured fingers.

"OH STELL!" I shouted as I put my load up her.

"You even sound like he did when you came just then," she told me as we lay next to one another, calming down after our orgasms.

"Perhaps I am a lot more like him than I thought," I replied.

"Perhaps you are."

'More than you could ever imagine,' I thought to myself as I wrapped my arms around her and gave her a cuddle.