 I was lying on the stone floor, looking at the cave's walls. The thought of spending the majority if not all of my life in this room frightened me. To never inhale fresh air again. To never see the sun again. 

I stood up and walked around in the room. Bologal would return soon and i wanted to explore the place I would most likely spend a lot of time in. 

I opened a barrel to find it filled with dried meat. I was quite hungry, and Bologal had said I could eat, so I took some of it and sat down. 

The meat tasted very salty and was hard to chew, but it was certainly better than nothing. I looked at the chain lying beside me like a sleeping snake. It was what was keeping me prisoner here. Well, that and a group of bandits and their terrifying leader. 

Soon after I had finished eating, said leader opened the door. Bologal walked inside, closing the door behind her and grinning down at me.

"I hope you're ready," she said.

I moved back a little, scared of what would come next. I knew it was no use trying to escape, but the idea of getting fucked in the ass by Bologal's monster cock terrified me. 

Bologal walked over to a chest and picked up a bottle, then she walked back to me and removed her loincloth, her huge cock springing free. 

"Hold out your hands," she ordered, and I obeyed.

She poured out some thick, brown liquid from the bottle and into my hands. The smell made me presume it was some kind of oil.

"Rub it in nicely," Bologal said. "Unless you want my dick in your ass as it is." 

I started jerking her off with my hands covered in oil, making sure to cover all of her cock. I tried to make the handjob last so that the rest of our session wouldn't be as long, but Bologal soon lifted me with her strong hands and placed me face down on the bed. 

I could feel her rip my pants off, tearing them apart with her bare hands. Then she did the same to my shirt.

Soon I was lying completely naked in the bed, turning my head back towards Bologal who was standing directly behind me at the end of the bed with her dick in her hand.

"Try not to struggle and it won't hurt as much," she said and gently pressed the head of her penis against my rectum. 

She slowly moved forward and I could soon feel it inside me. I whimpered a little, but tried to lie still. 

"Mmm, you're so tight..." Bologal moaned. 

After a while I felt Bologal's hips against my buttcheeks, meaning all of her dick was inside. It hurt, it was simply way too big.

Bologal moved backwards, giving me a moment of relief before she quickly thrusted it inside again. I screamed. 

Bologal started moving in and out at a steady pace. It still hurt, but not as much. And with every thrust, it hurt a little less.

In fact, was it not for the pain, this felt really good.

Bologal leaned over, placing her hands on my shoulders, and began to furiously fuck my ass. The cave was filled with the sound of Bologal's hips smacking against my buttcheeks, as well as her occassional moans.

After a while I heard myself moan as well. I didn't want to admit it, but I was enjoying this. The pleasure was much greater than the pain. 

Bologal groaned and leaned further down, wrapping her arms around my waist. Her big tits pressed against my back. The nipple rings dug into my skin, but I didn't care. The sensation of her warm, soft flesh against my back felt so good.

Some more time passed before Bologal abruptly pulled out, and I was surprised to realize I was disappointed. 

"I want to try something else," Bologal said.

She flipped me over on my back and put my legs on her shoulders. She was so tall and her shoulders were so far apart that this was like a stretching session. 

She then pushed her dick back in, and this time she didn't start off slowly. Almost immediately she was pounding my ass at a quick pace.

This new angle allowed me to fully look at Bologal's impressive body. Her ripped muscles, her sheer size, and her huge tits that where bouncing up and down with each thrust. My eyes remained fixed on these while Bologal kept fucking me. The dark green nipples, the gold rings in them, how the breasts despite their size weren't that saggy. I wanted to reach up and grab them, but I didn't dare to without Bologal's permission. And even if I tried, they were out of my reach. 

We kept going until Bologal's moans got louder and more frequent, indicating her climax was near. She leaned forward and pressed her body against mine, pushing me deeper into the bed. My head was mashed into her cleavage, covering either side of my head with her soft flesh. I found it hard to breathe, but this was heaven.

Bologal's moans were muffled by the flesh around me, but I still understood she was moments away from cumming. She picked up the pace, fucking faster and harder than before.

Then she fired her hot load into my ass with a final thrust. After that we were just lying there, and I felt really good in-between Bologal's breasts.

Then I heard the door open and remembered Bologal hadn't locked it. 

"Oh, gods!" a voice shouted somewhere, probably one of the bandits. 

Bologal stood up and turned around, angered by the interruption. I could now see the bandit who was staring at the floor with his eyes covered. 

"What?!" Bologal shouted.

"Uhh..." the bandit mumbled. "One of the prisoners down in the mine's refusing to work. We've tried threatening with not giving him food, beating him, everything. But he won't get back to work. We think some of the others are starting to get the same idea."

Bologal groaned. "Get out of here! I'll deal with this."

The bandit closed the door and Bologal got dressed, if you could call it that. Then she opened the lock that kept the end of my chain stuck to the ground.

"You're coming too, slave," she said. "I want you to get a better picture of how things work around here."

We walked through the tunnel until we got to the main hall from before. Then we entered another tunnel that led us to a small cave filled with weapons, armor, clothes and many other things. Including the wares that me and my companions brought here. I assumed this was some kind of storage room.

Bologal walked over to a set of armor and began putting it on. It was city guard armor like the one worn by the bandits at the entrance, but big enough for Bologal. It had been made larger through a pretty sloppy smithing job. Though I didn't doubt the prisoners would fall for it and think she was a real guard. Those armors were mass-produced, and getting a custom-made set was hard. Those who couldn't find the right size had to improvise.

"If any of the prisoners ask, you are serving a special punishment. In fact, just keep your mouth shut and don't talk to anyone. It's really important that those idiots don't know I'm an orc, or else they'll understand I don't really work for the king. Then things will get ugly, especially for you. Understand?"

I didn't understand how the prisoners knowing the truth would affect anything seeing hos they're still held captive by armed bandits and a huge orc, but I nodded.

"Good," Bologal said. "Then let's go."

After walking past the main hall again, making me feel ashamed among the bandits due to my lack of clothing for the second time, we eventually came to a gate guarded by a single bandit dressed in city guard armor. He recognized his leader and opened the gate, and then we stepped in.

Bologal looked very frightening wearing her armor. Surely she was quite intimidating without it as well, but this was a different kind. With all skin concealed and a helmet hiding her face she looked inhuman. 

Looking away from her, I instead saw the mine itself.

The prisoners were all dressed in rags, swinging pickaxes into the rock walls. Occasionally a shiny piece fell out and they put it in a bucket. They all looked very tired and miserable.

Soon we found the one prisoner that wasn't working. Instead his pickaxe was lying next to him, and when seeing Bologal his face got a stubborn, scornful look.

Bologal stopped in front of him and placed her hands on her hips, looking down at him through the helmet's visor.

"Why are you not working?" she asked loudly and menacingly.

"You can take away my freedom, but you ain't getting my free will!" the prisoner said and spat on the ground. "I've been slaving for you royal ass-lickers for long enough already. Either leave me be or kill me. Nothing in-between."

"Oh, but I think there is," Bologal said. 

She unsheathed a small dagger from her belt and used it to rip the prisoner's clothes. Despite his struggling he was soon standing naked before her. She kicked him to the ground and picked up the pickaxe. Then, right in front of everyone, she began raping him with it.

I understood that she couldn't use her real penis since everyone would then see from the green skin that she was an orc, but why even bother then? Why was she so fixated with rape?

I looked away from the scene before me and the only thing reminding me that it was still there was the screams of pain and panic from the prisoner. 

I looked around hoping to see Richard, Edmund or Nils, but all I saw were new faces looking at their fellow prisoner in horror.

After some time Bologal finally grew tired of punishing her victim and stood up, looking down at the prisoner who was lying on the ground with blood coming out of his behind.

"Now are you getting back to work?" Bologal asked.

"Y-yes..." the prisoner whimpered. He picked up his pickaxe and stood up on unsteady legs, getting back to mining.

Bologal turned her head upwards to look at all the prisoners.

"I don't know what kind of treatment you're all used to getting in prison, and I don't care. Down here I'm running the show, and whatever I say goes. You can't come running and cry about your rights, because you don't have rights anymore. You're animals. Not even that, you're just tools. Tools to make the king fatter. I hope you like the sound of that, because if not you'll have to deal with me."

The prisoners all started swinging harder, terrified of this woman. 

Bologal turned around and walked out of the mines, followed by me.

"That's an example of what happens when people displease me," Bologal said. "And if you do something worse than ignoring orders, you can also expect a much worse punishment."

I was silent for a while, and then summoned all my courage to ask a question.

"Where are my friends?"

"In a different part of the mines," Bologal answered. "A part with no other prisoners, so they can't gossip about this mine being run by bandits led by an orc."

"I see. But why are you so worried about that? What are they going to do if they know the truth?"

"If they find out, they will figure out that if they tell the king's men about this very illegal activity, that might be enough to pay off their bounty. What's keeping the prisoners here isn't just the guards, it's the knowledge that even if they escape, they are outlaws. Not having that last part will be enough for them to get stupid ideas and rebel. And that will lead to lots of work. Killing some of them, forcing some back into submission, fixing whatever damage they do, dispose of bodies, work, work, work. It's not a threat as much as an annoyance, but I don't like annoyances."

I nodded to show her that I understood. "What now?"

"Now you are going to bathe. I don't want a sex slave with dry cum in his ass."