 I don't know if any of you have ever been to a Comic Con before but I have and let me tell you...they can be the most sexually frustrating event for a geek like me but this year something special happen! All of that frustration was let out by the sexiest little bbw I have ever seen and yes it all happened while she was in costume. 

Every year me and a good friend indulge our geeky pleasures and head to the London Comic Con where we can truly enjoy ourselves amongst thousands of other fans, meet a few minor celebrities, get some autographs and load up on over priced merchandise but what you also get at Comic Con is cosplayers by the ton. Everywhere you look you see someone dressed up as Spider-Man, Wolverine, Hellraiser, Predator and a whole host of others. Some are extremely well made and thought out, others not so much but you cannot judge others just like us indulging with our inner nerds. 

So after a long long wait in the queue outside and seeing a whole host of crazy characters and costumes in the queue we finally get in and head to who we want to see ASAP or we would be left standing in another queue for god knows how long. After getting a few autographs and filling up on merch my friend needs to head to the toilet so we push through the immense amount of people traffic which is growing with every hour that passes. We reach the bathrooms, I don't need to go so I let my friend join the queue and I take the time to sit down crossed legged against the wall and that's when I see her!

Daenerys Targaryen...well not literally her but this beautiful woman who couldn't have been more then 5" and had curves in all the right places and then some. She was chubby and well to be honest wasn't the right build or look to cosplay as the character but I wanted her! I have always liked my women chubby and I have had a schoolboy like crush on Daenerys Targaryen since I started watching Game of Thrones. She was wearing the blue dress from the third season, plenty of cleavage spilling out from her top, her hair dyed white and a big fine ass sticking out followed by knee high leather boots.

She looked a little lost so me being a gentleman of course I jumped up grabbing my bags and saying 'Excuse me Daenerys, you seem to be lost can I help you?' There was no ulterior motive here at all how dare you think such a thing!

She turned and looked up at me with the most beautiful blue eyes I have ever seen and looking down to meet them I couldn't help but sneak a look at her big breasts just wanting out of that dress, they were easily more then a handful if not more! With my height advantage over her my eyes were like a moth to a flame but I didn't want to come across as that kind of guy so I went back to her eyes which was by no means a bad thing to do. 

'Oh hello...I'm looking for Lena Heady's autograph table. I'm sure you can tell I'm a Game of Thrones fan.' She says. 'I know where it is and I even have a ticket for her it's 223 the number they are calling out now, your more then welcome to it, I've spent all I can afford really today' I replied. She looked surprised by this act of kindness and started to blush a little. 'Did you want the ticket?', 'Yes please I would be very greatful, I'm aiming to meet all the cast today'. She said smiling and jumping up and down little her breasts jiggling and showing of her beautiful full bodied frame. 'Well come then Mother of Dragons, I will lead the way for you'. 

While walking to Lena Heady's table the people traffic was getting even more intense and to my surprise she reached out and grabbed my hand, her skin was soft on mine, she even grabbed my belt at points too, this was to make sure she didn't lose herself in the crowd but it was driving me wild. We eventually reached her table and we stood in line waiting and chatting, we had so much in common and she was just so damn sexy to me. My perfect shaped woman dressed up as an incredibly sexy character. I was going mad thinking about it. We got to a point where we had to spilt up as she had the ticket so I found a space and told her I would wait there for her, about 15 minutes later she emerged jogging up to me arms stretched out and hugged me, pulling me against her body and she even kissed me on the cheek! 'How did it go?' I asked moving away from her body a little so she couldn't feel me getting a semi! 'It was amazing, she was so nice and friendly...I errr...' She stopped. 'You what I asked?' She didn't say anything back but grabbed me by the hand and lead me through the crowd, at points where the people traffic came to halt she put her other hand back and pressed it against my crotch and started to rub my cock through my jeans. This initially made me jump a little not expecting it. We made it through what seemed like miles and miles of other fans and found a security door with nobody watching it. She looked around, no one to seen and pushed on the door bracing for an alarm but luckily there wasn't one. We went inside what looked like a store room full of tables and posters.

I lent against the wall not believing this was happening. She told me to wait here with a hand still pressed hard against my cock and locking the door with her other hand. Quickly she inspected the room. I watched her tits and arse jiggle about in her tight blue dress then she returned to me lent her head against my chest, she only reached up to shoulders in height. I lent down to kiss her, she kissed me and our tongues met, both soft and hard at the same time the right amount of saliva between our lips. I grabbed her around her waist pulling her body into mine. She broke the kiss and fell to her knees her leather boots hitting the floor with a loud thud. 

I looked down at what was the most perfect view of her undoing my belt, unzipping my jeans and pulling them down. I could see her perk arse sticking up as she leant over and could feel her tits brushing against my legs. Without a word she pulled down my boxers, my hard cock springing out which made her let out a little gasp not expecting it to be that hard and almost taking an eye out. I mumbled 'Sorry' she looked up with those eyes, whispered 'nothing to be sorry for' opened her mouth and leaned forward swallowing my cock in her mouth without breaking her stare. This was too much this was driving me mad! I slouched down the wall unable to control my knees. She was giving me the best blow job I had ever had. She spat on it between swallowing my cock and with one hand jerked my cock to rub in all her spit which was both warm and cold all on one. As she started to suck my cock more intensely I looked down and saw her tits bouncing about and I opened my mouth in awe. She heard my giggle looked up with my cock in her mouth and in turn it made her giggle and blush the bright red of her cheeks contrasting her white hair. She continued spitting on my cock giving me a really sloppy blowjob. I told her I was going to cum. She looked up my cock poking the inside of her cheek and she mumbled 'I can't wait' with a mouth full of cock. I couldn't take anymore I reached one hand down to her shoulder and I came. This was the most I had ever cum. She let out a gargled moan and a 'Oh my god' at the amount of hot cum I was shooting down her throat, it poured out the side of mouth so she took my cock out of her mouth wiped away the cum with the back of hand and whispered 'Thank you' to which between hard breaths I whispered back 'No thank you Khaleesi!' 

I fell to my knees, she stood up and played with my hair. I couldn't stop breathing heavily. She sorted out her dressed and her hair, her big beautiful breasts right by my head, she leant down and nibbled on my ear and whispered 'Check your pocket, I have to go now but I want you and I want more of that cum!' She turned and left the stock room, opening the door I could hear the hustle as bustle of Comic Con again, she turned blew me and kiss and left closing the door. I pulled up my jeans and composed myself, why did she have to leave? I wanted her so badly! Remembering what she said I check my pocket a ripped up piece of paper she must have slipped it in there earlier. 

A phone number and a message. 

'You need to see me in all my costumes. Your busty chubby Eve x'