 I feel like this story has been too much sex and too little advancement in the story, which is something I've mostly done to make any change come more naturally instead of feeling forced. But even I am getting bored of the characters just fucking around and not doing much, so in this chapter I tried to push the plot forward. Something must have gone wrong though, since a lot of it is mostly sex. The rest is mostly story, though. So I guess I kind of succeeded. I'll try putting more focus on the story in the future while obviously not ignoring the sex either. This is erotica, after all.

***

Bologal opened the door to her room and pushed me inside. After having spent an entire day by her side, nightfall was finally coming.

It had been a long day. But not as long as yesterday. And certainly not as boring. Sure, fucking and sucking a shemale mistress may not belong to my favorite activities, but one thing was for sure: It wasn't boring. And aside from that I had also gotten a little more variation than just being stuck in the same room.

Bologal shut the door and locked it, putting the key in her loincloth. Based on what I had observed, she kept all her keys there. Maybe she had some pocket or something. Could be worth remembering.

She turned to me and grabbed my shoulder. Her strong hand moved in what I assumed was meant to be caressing, but it was a bit too painful to count as that.

"You did well today, slave. Not trying to run away even once. I think it'll be safe to bring you outside every day."

That was good news. In a way. In another, it wasn't. It would mean more opportunities to escape, but also more sex.

"But for now, I want a final piece of that tight ass of yours before going to sleep," Bologal said with a grin. She led me to her bed where she lay down on her back, removing her loincloth and letting it fall to the floor beside her bed. Her huge dick pointed towards the ceiling.

"This time you'll be doing the work. I'm too tired to pound you right now."

I nodded and climbed up on my mistress, facing her as I knelt down to sit between her legs. I felt the tip of her cock touch my ass and I slowly lowered myself onto her.

It felt weird to have her cock inserted into my ass without her controlling it. This time I was willingly doing it for her. Or well, not exactly willingly. But still, it felt wrong.

As I thought this I finally felt my buttcheeks press against her pelvis. I felt all of her dick inside me, every vein and every twitch. It didn't hurt as much as the first time, but there was still a slight pain. But it was drowned in the pleasure I got from this. While I didn't enjoy this, I had to admit it felt good. But that wasn't because I liked it, it was just because the ass is sensitive and a dick inside it will feel good no matter who it belongs to. Maybe I should be more accepting to this? After all, I'd be doing it a lot, so I might as well like it. No, no, I couldn't think like that. With that mindset I'd be stuck here forever.

I put my hands on her hard stomach for balance and began slowly moving up and down, feeling her cock slithering in and out of my asshole. Every time I hit the base, the back off my ass pressed against her large ballsack.

"Faster!" Bologal commanded.

I obeyed and pumped at a higher speed. Higher than I had intended, but I couldn't slow down now. Instead I bounced up and down my mistress's length, faster and faster until I was moving at full speed.

It felt good. Really good. The pain was still there, but it was easy to ignore. I heard myself moan, and quickly reminded myself that it was a disgusting penis that was causing my pleasure. Attached to an orc who held me prisoner.

But no matter how much I thought about how wrong this was, my body wouldn't agree with me. My penis had gotten hard and was slapping against Bologal's skin. I looked at her huge breasts. If I wanted to, I could lean over and grab them. And I did want to. But I resisted, both because I didn't dare without her permission and because she's the one keeping me prisoner. I had to resist anything I found slightly appealing about her.

So to avoid her breasts tempting me, I looked at my mistress's face instead. She was grinning at me, a dominant grin most likely caused by the knowledge that she was making me do this. Her hands were clasped behind her head, making her look relaxed. 

I rid her a little longer before she grabbed my sides and moved her hands in sync with my body, making my movements much more intense. I slammed into her with great force, over and over. It made me feel dizzy, which in turn made me focus less on what was happening and more on the raw pleasure I was feeling.

I felt her cock throb inside me, followed by her orgasm. She slammed me into her a final time before letting me stay that way, and I felt her hot cum shoot out inside of me. Bologal moaned loudly and her fingers dug into my sides. 

We both panted when her dick finally stopped shooting cum and began to soften in my ass. 

"That was nice," she said. "But now it's bedtime."

She threw me off of her and let me land on the floor, then she grabbed me by my chain and attached it to the floor in the center of the room. Once she had made sure I couldn't escape she returned to her bed and lay down in it.

This wasn't good. I was hoping that sleeping in her bed wasn't going to be a one-time thing. With this chain there was no way I'd be able to escape at night, and if she really did keep all her keys in her loincloth it would be perfect to be so close to her.

"Um... M-mistress?" I stuttered. It felt like I was taking a huge risk asking something from her, but what else was I supposed to do?

Bologal grunted a little, indicating that she was listening.

"May I... sleep with you? In your bed?"

Bologal sat up in her bed and looked down at me where I sat on the floor. 

"So you think that just because I get drunk one time you suddenly have the privilege to sleep with your mistress?" she said in an intimidating, yet not entirely aggressive tone.

"I-it's just that... I feel safe when close to you."

While I was really just trying to win her over, I had to admit that what I said wasn't a complete lie. After all, who wouldn't feel protected when close to a colossal orc? As long as said orc had no intenion to fuck you at the time. 

Bologal raised an eyebrow. "Is that so? Well, maybe I could let you." An unsettling smile suddenly spread across her face. "On one small condition." 

"What?" I asked.

"You'll see once you accept. Do you?"

I nodded. Whatever it was, I would have a higher chance of escaping.

Bologal got out or her bed and unlocked the collar, freeing me from its weight. Then she dragged me with her into her bed, putting me down on my side facing away from her. She too then got in bed, and I felt something familiar touch the opening off my ass.

Bologal slid her hardening dick into me, and when all of it was inside she wrapped her arms around me and hugged me tightly to her. I felt her large breasts mash into my back, and it felt lovely. What felt less lovely was the big cock impaling me, keeping me from moving.

"There," Bologal said. "I for one am going to enjoy this..."

Very slowly she humped me from behind, as if it was soothing to her. Eventually she slowed down and fell asleep, given away by her snoring.

I knew i wasn't going anywhere tonight. Her strong arms were holding me prisoner, and i had a huge dick inside me. So I tried to make the best of the situation by concentrating on the soft flesh of her breasts against my back. As I drifted off to sleep, even the hot dick inside my ass started to feel good...

***

That morning I woke up from a sudden spasm of some sort. When i had shaken off my drowsiness I realized that it was Bologal's dick that had twitched violently in her sleep.

Her snoring told me I had woken up before her, and her grip didn't feel as strong as before. I tried to free myself, slowly moving her arms. It worked, and after some careful yet also forceful work I was free from her grip. I could then slide her dick out of my ass and roll her over to lie on her back, and then I got out of bed.

Immediatly my thoughts went to escaping. I looked for her loincloth which I found by the bed. I picked it up, smelling the scent of Bologal's crotch on it, and turned it inside out to look for keys. And indeed, there was a small sewn-on pocket kept shut by a sinew. I pulled it and saw a few keys inside. I wanted to take them and escape, but instead I put the sinew back and returned the loincloth to its place on the floor.

I couldn't escape now. Some of the bandits were probably awake, at least the guards outside. Once I knew how to get past them I would take the keys and run. But not before that. At least now I knew how I could flee if the bandits weren't a factor. If I could get them out of the way, my freedom would be right around the corner.

I sat down on the side of the bed, pondering on what to do until Bologal woke up. My eyes were drawn to the big, green cock lying slack against her hip. If I woke her up with a blowjob, that would surely earn me some bonus points. Then she would probably trust me more and like me more, and that was very important right now.

But did I want to? Did I want to, without anyone forcing me, suck a dick? Wouldn't that make me gay?

No, I decided. I'd only do it to get on Bologal's good side. Not because I enjoyed it. Besides, I wouldn't want to have anything to do with a vagina if it was attached to a man. And since the rest of Bologal was female, that technically wouldn't make me any less heterosexual even if I did enjoy it. Just because a penis was generally a male organ that didn't mean there couldn't be female penises. Right?

Yes. Technically, this wouldn't be much different from licking a vagina. Pleasing the sex organ of a woman. Same thing. Nothing to worry about. Still, I didn't like it of course. I didn't like being a slave, so I didn't like Bologal, so naturally I didn't like pleasing her sexually either.

Once that long train of thought was out of my head, I positioned myself on all fours above her with my head on the same level as her crotch. My hands were on her hips and my legs were between hers, which were spread to the sides as if inviting me to suck her off.

I hesitated. No one was making me do this. No punishment would come from refusing. Was this right?

I replayed that excuse I put together and reminded myself of why I did this, and then I slowly lowered my head while opening my mouth wide.

I tilted my head to easily be able to slide the tip of her dick into my mouth. Then I moved my head along it until my lips were at the base.

Her dick felt very different in my mouth when soft. Kind of like a sponge, but covered in skin. I squeezed it with my mouth to feel it give way and spring back, and then I sucked. Without moving I just sucked it as if trying to get some drink out of a straw. Which, in a way, was what I was doing.

I felt it grow and harden in my mouth, causing me to gag as I adjusted. When it was fully erect I began bobbing my head up and down. I stuck out my tongue a little outside my lips to let it slide along her shaft, and I wiggled my head around a little in hopes of increasing Bologal's pleasure.

My eyes went up to my mistress who was still asleep, and then back down to the veiny rod. Was it just me or did it taste better this time? Almost... goo-

No! I was not enjoying this! I did it because I had to, no other reason!

"Mmm, that's right," Bologal mumbled. I looked up at her thinking she had woken up, but her eyes were still shut. She was talking in her sleep.

"Worship that big, mighty cock, father! It's so much bigger than yours, huh? I remember its size well from when you raped me. You thought a little freak with big tits wasn't of any other use than to fuck before banishing her, didn't you? And you thought nothing would fire back at you. Well, looks like you were wrong. Your cute little daughter who had such a cute little body that was wasted on a freak like her has changed. And here she is now, ready to fuck her daddy the chief sorry! Choke on my fat cock, old man!"

Bologal thrusted into my mouth in her sleep. "Swallow my cum, whore! And then get your ass ready! I want to see what kills you first; my cock tearing your ass apart or suffocating you while shoved down your old throat!"

This was... unpleasant. I felt like I was hearing things I shouldn't be hearing. Fortunately, Bologal's rambling stopped and she siezed to move her hips. Whatever she was dreaming had changed to something else, because she wasn't waking up. I focused on my task, bobbing my head up and down.

So the one who banished her was her own father? And he did so after raping her? Orcs were more cruel than I thought. I wondered if that was why she seemed so hungry for rape. Maybe her father had traumatized her and caused her to want payback not just on him, but everyone, by doing what he did? It almost made me feel sorry for her. Almost. But not really. It was hard to when that might be the reason I was her sex slave.

After sucking her dick for a while longer I heard Bologal grunt a little. I looked up at her and saw her eyes open slightly, her drowsy gaze fixing on me. A smile revealing her pointy teeth formed across her lips.

I tried to smile back at her with my mouth stuffed with cock. I had to convince her I was starting to like this. Then she'd let her guard down.

Bologal remained still, occasionally moaning while I pumped up and down her dick. Soon I felt the familiar throbbing followed by a load of cum. I swallowed it all, trying to slide her cock deeper down my throat so the cum would go straight down and make swallowing unnecessary.

Bologal moaned and stroked my hair, holding my head down on her thick cock as her orgasm settled down.

She removed her hand to let me release her dick from my mouth, and I looked up at her smiling. She returned it with a pleased grin.

"That's a good slave," she said and stroked my cheek with one of her big fingers. "What a pleasant surprise you gave your mistress."

She sat up, rolling me to the side. "I think you deserve a reward. Kneel over there."

She pointed at the floor next to her bed, and I obedienty got out of bed and sat down on the spot. I wondered what the reward would be. Freedom? No, no that was far to ambitious. But maybe something that would get me closer to freedom?

Bologal turned to sit on the edge of the bed, facing me. Her legs were spread and her limp dick hung between them, close to my face.

"I'll let you touch these," she said and grabbed her huge tits from below, pushing them upwards. 

"R... Really?" I stuttered. Out of all of Bologal's body, the only part I desired were those big, juicy tits that looked so incredibly soft compared to the rest of her hard body.

"As long as you focus on my pleasure, you may do what you please with them," Bologal replied. She seemed amused by my reaction. "All men are the same... No matter if they're dealing with an enemy, family member or even a different race, they will always drool over tits."

She let go of her breasts, making them jiggle as she placed her hands on her knees. I carefully reached up to touch them, realizing that even when sitting down she was too tall. Therefore I slowly stood up, watching her reaction to make sure she didn't mind, and when her chest was at eye level with me I gently put a hand on each of them.

I had already touched them once while she was asleep, but this was different. Knowing she was aware of it and letting me made the touch feel almost electric. But should I be touching them? What about resisting anything attractive about my mistress? I came to the conclusion that liking Bologal's breasts wouldn't make me like her more. 

I moved my hands in circles to massage her tits, and then I let my fingers sink into them.

"Harder," Bologal commanded. "You're not impressing me by being gentle."

I obeyed and squeezed her tits as hard as I could, earning a small moan from her. I aggressively kneaded her tits, loving every second of it. The feeling of her soft flesh around my fingers felt so, so good.

I leaned forwards and licked one of her nipples. I flipped the gold ring up and down with my tongue a few times and then sucked it in.

"Bite that nipple," Bologal whispered.

Making sure to avoid her nipple ring, I closed my teeth around the sensetive flesh.

"Yesss..." Bologal hissed. She pushed her other breast into my face, and I sucked and nibbled on that nipple too. Once both nipples seemed satisfied I instead tried licking her breasts all over, wanting to taste all of the delicious flesh.

"Do you like my tits?" Bologal asked.

"I love them, mistress," I answered as I continued licking.

"Tell me what you love about them, slave."

"I love how they're so big," I said and gave one of them another lick. "And so soft... And so tasty."

As I finished covering them in saliva I rubbed my face in-between them, moaning from how great it felt.

"Be a good boy and you may touch them whenever you want," Bologal said and pushed me away from her. Disappointed, I watched her get dressed and bring my chain.

"Now to handle today's business," she said and closed the collar around my neck. "Shakim will come here today to bring us goods, so we'll be busy. Splitting it between everyone, making sure the bronze-skins won't try to rip us off, lots of things.

Lots of non-sex-related things, I thought, relieved. But also a little disappointed. Because that meant no touching her tits, of course. No other reason.

***

Later that day the bronze-skins did indeed show up. By then Bologal and the bandits were having lunch, and I was trying to eat while sitting in her lap with her cock up my ass, finding it difficult to chew when she humped me. Though she had made it clear that once she came, I would get no more food. Was she going to come up with a sex-related task every time I wanted to eat?

When one of the bandits standing guard outside appeared in the entrance announcing the arrival of the bronze-skins, Bologal had just put on her loincloth after her recent orgasm. I was lying on the floor beside her, still a little hungry.

Bologal dragged me to her throne and sat down, flicking my chain to make me sit down beside it. Most of the bandits remained by the two tables, but a few were standing against the walls.

I saw the bronze-skins enter the mine. There were eleven of them. Ten were dressed in an odd mix of robes and steel armor, carrying curved swords and goods, and the eleventh had to be Shakim.

He looked almost exactly like I imagined he would from hearing him talk. Just like the others his skin was dark, and he was dressed in black robes with pointy shoes. On his hands he wore leather gloves with pointy golden fingertips. Those were "goldfingers", a type of gloves given to the best traders among the bronze-skins to show that they could make great profit from just about anything. I had no idea who handed them out or how they decided who should have them, but as a trader I felt increased respect for the man because of them. Especially since he seemed to be in his forties, I hadn't seen anyone so young wear them before.

His head was covered by a small turban and he had a long, curled mustache that was practically screaming "Twirl me evilly!" His chin sported a small goatee and his dark eyes had a spark of greed that made me think he would sell his mother for the right price.

He and his men came to a halt in front of Bologal, and with a small gesture he made them put down what they were carrying.

"Your wares, milady", he said with an excessive bow, smiling a wide, slimy smile that revealed all of his teeth. I noticed that they were all made of silver.
