 Next chapter will most likely skip forward in time, because the story is getting repetitive. So the next one will probably advance the story a lot. Though I wouldn't say this one is entirely skippable. Just... familiar.

*****

When I woke up that morning, I felt something push against my lips. Still half asleep and with my eyes shut, I let it slide into my mouth. It was warm and smooth, yet hard. I started sucking on it out of sheer habit, and when I opened my eyes I saw Bologal's abs close to my face and her dick shoved into my mouth.

I flinched, but just a little since I wasn't really surprised. 

Bologal was sitting on my chest, her weight pushing me into the bed and making it hard to breathe. She moved her hips back and forth, fucking my throat.

I sucked harder on her cock, trying to move my head to match her thrusts despite my lying position. 

Soon she picked up the pace, and I felt the back of my head painfully slam against the wall behind me with every thrust. She moaned loudly as I felt her cock slide deep down my throat and back out over and over again.

Eventually she filled my throat with hot cum, pulling out her cock while moaning from her orgasm.

She looked down at me and chuckled when seeing my still mildly surprised face. "If you want more control, make sure to wake up first. Otherwise I'll just take what I want from you while you sleep."

That was an unpleasant thought. Had she done this before? No, there's no way I'd sleep through that.

"Get up, slave," Bologal said. "The breakfast won't eat itself."

She climbed off me, finally letting me breathe normally, and we both got out of bed. Then she put on my collar and headed for the door.

Breakfast was rather uneventful. I was allowed to eat without pleasuring Bologal first and my appetite had returned. The only notable thing was when Ebba, who was sitting far away from me, looked at me while making gestures meant to look like she was giving a blowjob. Then she giggled to herself.

How long until she got bored of teasing me for my role as sex slave?

Later that day, when Bologal had me pressed against a wall while pounding my ass, a bandit showed up.

"The king's men are here to collect silver," he said and then ran back the way he came.

Bologal pulled out with a groan. "Guess I have to show those idiot bandits how much I'm willing to give up," she muttered.

"I can help," I said and turned away from the wall to face her.

Bologal raised an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"

"Just let me talk to the king's men. I'm a merchant, I know how to handle these situations."

Bologal seemed to consider it for a moment. "Alright. But if you try something stupid, you're going to the pile."

I nodded. I kept Ebba's words in mind. No thoughts on escaping if the plan isn't foolproof. And this one wasn't.

***

It felt weird wearing clothes again. 

Bologal had gotten me armor to look like a guard and she was now leading me to the cave entrance.

As nice as it felt to not be naked, the armor sure was heavy. How did people walk around in these?

"I'll be standing right here. Now go," Bologal said with a warning glare.

I walked past her towards the entrance, seeing sunlight for the first time in days. It was brighter than I remembered. Almost painful.

I took a deep breath and then fixed my gaze on the king's men, standing by a wagon.

I walked over to them and handed them the pouch Bologal had given to me. The one I gave it to looked inside, seeming disappointed.

"This is it?" he asked in an angry tone. Now was my time.

"Better than nothing like last time, right?" I said. "If you want more, then go tell the king we need more workers in here!"

The two men looked suspicious. "Things seemed to go fine a while back, and you've only gotten more workers since. Just say it, the mine is drying out."

"Not at all. But the mine is getting unstable, and the risk of a tunnel falling in is keeping the workers from mining. We've already lost several in collapses! So we've got to focus more on supporting the tunnels, and guess what? You don't find a lot of silver when doing that. Though we would be done with it sooner if we had more people who could work on it."

"What do you expect us to do?" the other man asked. "We don't decide who ends up here!"

"Just go tell whoever does decide it that if they don't want to wait for weeks, maybe months, for better results, then they better get more friendly with the thought of sending criminals here. Alright?"

One of the men grunted. "Fine. We'll make sure that message reaches them."

Then they both got into the carriage and turned the horses around, driving off the way they came.

One of the bandit guards turned to me, looking at me with his eyes concealed by the helmet. "If this works, you've done good, kid. The keyword here is if, though."

"Even if they don't give us more workers we at least have a valid excuse for barely giving them anything for a while," I responded and went back into the cave.

The armor must be boosting my confidence; I just talked back to one of the bandits.

Bologal was waiting for me, hands on her hips. "Did it work?"

"They bought the lie, at least. Now we'll have to wait and see if they send us more prisoners."

A tiny bit of me felt bad for encouraging that more people were sent here. But they were bad people, right? They probably deserved it.

I followed Bologal to the armory where I was going to return the armor. But as I began removing the helmet, she grabbed my hand.

"Keep it on for a little longer, slave. We never got to finish before, so I wanna fuck you while you wear it."

Well, that was a bit weird... I guess. Though I put the helmet back in place and waited for her to do her thing.

She pushed me backwards and I landed on my back. Then she lifted my legs up and removed a few armor pieces to give her access to my ass.

She stroked her hard cock and positioned it right in front of my ass.

"Look at me, I'm fucking one of the king's guards," she said with a grin and pushed her dick inside.

As she began humping me, I felt my penis harden and press against the armor. It was happening more and more often that my body seemed aroused by this, but I still refused to tolerate it in my mind. And something that took away from the pleasure this time was the heavy armor that was getting really uncomfortable as I began sweating.

Bologal grabbed my hips and lifted my lower body as well, leaving only my back on the ground as she moved my body to match her thrusts. It was a pretty uncomfortable position, but at least she seemed to like it. 

I felt her dick pump in and out and heard her moans. My attention returned to my own penis and I caught myself wishing Bologal would jerk me off or something. I knocked those thoughts out of my head and instead focused on how uncomfortable the armor was.

After a few minutes Bologal came, moaning loudly and shooting cum from her throbbing dick. Then she let go of me and my lower half fell to the floor.

After my armor was removed and the collar was back around my neck, the rest of the day passed by quite uneventful.

When we entered her room for the evening after a recent dinner, I suddenly said something without really thinking it through.

"Mistress, may I have dessert?"

As I said this I had my eyes on her crotch, concealed by her loincloth.

What was I doing? Sure, suggesting sex instead of being forced to might be a sign of submission that would earn me plus points, But I was also willingly putting myself in a situation I wasn't supposed to like with no guarantee of gaining anything. Oh well, the words had been spoken and couldn't be taken back.

Bologal gave me a small grin and removed her loincloth. "Sure, slave. Dig in."

I dropped to my knees and placed my hands on her hips. Watching her dick rise and grow to its full size, I gave the shaft a few licks.

Then I opened my mouth wide and felt her cock fill my throat as I moved my head forward.

Swallowing it to the base, I rubbed my nose against her skin before moving my head back again and then bobbing my head in a fast rhythm, sucking hard on her cock.

"Mmm," I moaned, a fake sound. I looked up at my mistress and tried to rise the corners of my mouth into a smile despite the meat filling my mouth.

She looked back at me, hands clasped behind her head, showing her teeth as she smiled back. It still wasn't a completely friendly smile.

Bologal began moving her hips in union with my head bobbing, making it feel like her dick went even further down my throat. I sucked, licked and moaned as good as I could until her cock pulsated before filling my mouth with cum.

When I had swallowed it all, Bologal tried to move back to release her dick from my mouth. But I wasn't done. I needed to impress my mistress.

I held her in place with my hands that still rested on her hips. She was far stronger than me and would have no problem freeing herself if she wanted to, so my gesture was more to send the message that this wasn't finished yet.

Bologal stopped moving back and instead moaned much louder and more frequently as I sucked on her sensitive, softening cock.

After a while it got harder again, but Bologal's moans were no less powerful.

I moved my head faster and sucked harder than before, occasionally stopping to lick and suck her balls.

Due to her recent orgasm, Bologal lasted longer this time. I had to suck her off for almost twice as long as last time before she trembled slightly as her second orgasm approached.

"Oh, yes!" she moaned and violently thrusted her hips forward, grabbing my head to push it into her groin. She was being a little too forceful and it hurt a little, but I had other concerns. Namely, gobbling up her second load.

When all the cum from her orgasm was in my stomach, she let go of my head and I released her dick with a pop.

"You're getting fiesty," Bologal said, breathing heavily. "I like it."

Good, my efforts hadn't been in vain.

We then went to bed, and I noticed that Bologal slid her dick into me a little more carefully than before. Had I really drained her that much?

No, someone with her dick, balls and overall build would need more than that. Maybe she just wasn't used to continuing after an orgasm?

If so, I had just gotten an advantage that my predecessors didn't have.

With that comforting thought in mind and the taste of Bologal's cum in my mouth, I fell asleep.