 In this chapter we're finally getting somewhere with the story. It's nice to write something with a bit more substance at last, after so many pointless sex scenes. Wow, sure feels weird saying that on a site like this...

*****

It was time.

Today the bronze-skins would come to the mine to deliver supplies, and I would get to prove myself valuable in negotiating with them. Or, if things didn't work out, I would just make a fool out of myself and displease my mistress.

The last few days had gone by as usual, and Ebba had given me some more tips that had actually made things easier. How to behave, what not to do, even some blowjob tips. It felt weird talking about that, but I had been able to put it to good use.

And now I was sitting next to my mistress who was seated in her throne. We had been waiting for the bronze-skins for a while now, wanting to be well-prepared.

"Remember, don't look at me even once during their visit," I said to Bologal. "They can't suspect that you get advice from someone else."

I had told Bologal what to say, how to say it and how Shakim would likely react. In theory, it would seem like Bologal just had a lot of beginner's luck that would make Shakim think she was still as dull when it came to business, but her points would be undeniable. This way, Shakim wouldn't have to consider upping his game but simply tolerate that Bologal got a small, probably one-time advantage.

I had thought of the whole "price of silver changing" business, and on the other side of Bologal's throne was one of the most recent prisoners. It looked like my conversation with the king's men had paid off a little, which had pleased Bologal.

The prisoner had no idea about the current price of silver, but we only needed him to have been outside the cave when Shakim made his statement. I knew he had been lying, so we just needed a believable source to point it out. This man was the source. And he was more than happy to play along, knowing the fate of the other prisoners.

"If this doesn't work, you will be to blame, slave," Bologal warned.

I was well aware of this. In fact, it was because of it that I was currently fearing for my life. And I didn't feel better when I heard the marching from the tunnel leading to the entrance.

Shakim and his men entered the hall, the latter weighed down by the supplies they carried. They stopped before Bologal and placed their burdens on the ground.

"What a delight to meet you again, milady," Shakim said with a bow and pulled out a sheet of paper from his robes. "And as promised, here's a list of the current value for all sellable wares."

Before he could show it to Bologal, she spoke. Loudly.

"Put away that fake list, human! Writing on paper holds no value to orcs, and do you know why? Because writing can be by anyone. Voices can not. And I have a voice here calling you a liar."

She gestured to the prisoner who stepped forward.

"The orc is right," he said, sounding quite confident. He must be thinking he would be set free after this. Poor sucker.

"I came here only a few days ago, and silver hasn't lowered in price since then."

Bologal smirked and continued for him. "In fact, now that this mine is practically useless in the eyes of outsiders, us keeping almost all the silver to ourselves, shouldn't that make the price increase a little bit? I'm not stupid, I understand how supply and demand works."

Shakim seemed amused rather than surprised. "I would never dream of questioning your intelligence, fair lady. Though I still insist that you take a look at my list."

He gave the list to Bologal and she studied it with an unimpressed face.

"This could have been written by anyone," she said.

"Ah, but I ask you to notice the seal at the bottom. It belongs to the market's guild, it does."

"So how many times did you poke a guild member with a sword before he put the seal on it?"

Shakim knew that he wouldn't win this. There were too many excuses that Bologal could make, and he couldn't prove them all wrong. Though this was just a simple lie that Bologal was meant to see through. The hardest was yet to come.

"Well, I can see that you would rather listen to a lowlife saying what you want to hear than accept evidence, so very well. Ordinary price."

"What about that little thing I said about supply and demand? Surely if you can prove the price going down, you can also prove the price going up. Or would you prefer to only do so when it suits you?"

Bologal and Shakim continued for a long time. Occasionally I felt worried, but overall things appeared to be leaning in our favor. I seemed to have prepared Bologal well, and she always had a good response when Shakim brought something up.

Eventually he suffered defeat.

"Very well then, you may pay me a few percent less than usual. Provided I'll get those percents back when I come back proving that the price has not gone up."

"Make sure to get a more valid source than a piece of paper," Bologal said with a triumphant grin. "And while you're at it, get me the prices for all other items too. I wouldn't want to discover that I'm paying you too much for something."

"Yes, yes. Now I'd like to take next time's order." Shakim turned to face as many bandits as possible. "So, palers! What will it be? What can your friend Shakim get you to improve your miserable lives in this rathole?"

*****

When Shakim had made a list of supplies and gotten paid, clearly with less than he was counting on, he bowed to Bologal.

"If I didn't know better I'd be saying you're developing a nose for business," he said with his voice dripping with false admiration. "I better watch out, or else I might have to hand over these gloves to you."

Then he turned and left the cave with his men, not with the same happy bounce in his steps that he had when entering.

Bologal looked down at me and smiled. A pleased smile, but not a friendly one. "Looks like you'll be useful to me for more than just fucking, slave."

She then snapped her fingers, making two bandits grab the prisoner.

"Take him to the mine," she ordered.

"What? No!" the prisoner yelled. "You said you'd set me free if I did this! You bitch!"

"And give him a beating for his foul languange."

*****

Bologal closed the door to her room. Dinner would come soon, so I didn't understand what we were doing here. We should have been in the main hall right now.

"There, now we're alone," she said. "I didn't want the rest to see this."

For a moment I got scared. What could it be that she couldn't show the bandits? Was she going to kill me? No, that made no sense. Things had gone well, she had no reason to.

Bologal took a step closer, making me more aware of her height, and put a hand on my shoulder.

"You did well," she said, her other hand running through my hair. "Thank you."

She was smiling. And this time, it actually was a friendly smile.

I got a strange, warm feeling inside. Bologal was really being kind to me. I felt a need to respond, but I couldn't think of anything to say. So I just nodded and smiled back.

Bologal's smile widened a little. It was actually a quite pleasant sight, despite her big, pointy teeth and underbite. As long as it was sincere, I could look past those things.

"Come on, time for dinner."

We left her room and entered the main hall again. During dinner, Bologal acted as usual. Just as dominant, just as inconsiderate. Though after what had just happened, I couldn't help but think it was an act.

Ebba sat down in the chair next to me, putting some food on her plate and eating. But between her bites, she whispered to me without eye contact. 

"Looks like things're tippin' in your favor."

I nodded.

"And you know who to thank. And I know how you can thank me."

She glanced at Bologal, noting that she hadn't heard her.

"Tonight you'll take boss's keys and get out of her room. I'll be waitin' behind the door with more instructions. Think you can do that?"

I didn't like it. Whatever she was planning, it meant throuble. She noticed my hesitation.

"You're bein' real quiet, fuckboy. I'm just askin' for one word. Or have you just been usin' a poor lass to then toss her aside?"

I didn't want to say yes. If I did, anything could happen. Maybe she needed me as bait for something? Or worse? But despite that, I ended up whispering back: "I'll do it."

Ebba smiled and spent the rest of dinner eating in silence.

When dinner was over, Bologal and I returned to her room. The fire was going out; only a faint glow remained.

Bologal unlocked my chain and lifted me up, placing me surprisingly gently on the bed, lying on my back. Then she removed her loincloth and crawled up on top of me, her breasts hanging right before my eyes and her hard cock touching my ass.

"I'll be nice this time, as a reward for today," she whispered and slowly slid her dick into me.

While my ass was invaded by her hot, throbbing rod I caressed her breasts. Then I squeezed them, and then I kneaded them. All the while, Bologal moved in and out of me. And as she said, she was being more gentle than usual. It didn't hurt one bit, it only felt good.

I felt my penis growing erect, and soon after it was hard Bologal lowered herself, pressing our bodies together. My head was covered by her soft breasts and I could feel my penis rub against her hard stomach with her thrusts. The stimulation felt amazing, and I started moaning.

Bologal moved her shoulders to shake her breasts around, earning more moans from me. But the feeling of her skin grinding against my penis after not getting to cum for so long felt even better.

My penis was right at the middle of her stomach, with her impressive abs sticking out on either side creating some sort of valley. And as she moved back and forth as she slid her dick in and out of my ass, mine slid up and down this valley.

Her skin, the friction, it all felt so good. I needed more.

"Faster," I whispered. "Please, mistress."

I couldn't see Bologal's reaction since my face was still in-between her tits, but she granted my wish. Her thick cock entered and left my opening faster than before, and the rest of her therefore moved faster as well.

She pressed her body even closer to mine, trapping my penis between our stomachs. This just made it feel even better, and I got a feeling that she did it for that very purpose.

"How does that feel?" she whispered in-between her soft moans.

"Good," I moaned. "Really good."

After a few minutes I felt like I was getting close to cumming. Did I want that? What if Bologal got mad at me?

Though I didn't have to worry about that, because in that moment Bologal came. She pushed her dick deep into me and filled me with her seed. Then she lay down on me, leaving her dick inside and not moving. My orgasm got more distant again.

I was relieved, but also disappointed. Frustrated. I felt a powerful need to cum, but I had been robbed of that just now. And I could say nothing about it, because as a sex slave my pleasure didn't matter.

And on a side note, her weight was crushing me.

Eventually she pulled out and rolled off, laying down next to me and seemingly falling asleep. I was tempted to do the same, but then I remembered. I wasn't going to sleep. I was going to meet up with Ebba.

I lay still for what felt like hours, unwilling to act until I was sure that Bologal and most of the bandits were asleep. Then I quietly got out of the bed, picked up Bologal's loincloth and took the keys.

This was wrong. I was going to get into trouble. Possibly die. What would I tell Bologal if she found out? What would I do if she woke up this very moment? Maybe there was still time to turn back, I could put the keys back and return to bed.

But for whatever reason, I snuck over to the door and put the right key into the lock. Then I slowly, quietly unlocked the door. Opening it, fearing it would creak, a part of me expected not to see Ebba. Maybe she had tricked me.

But there she was. Leaning against the tunnel wall with her arms crossed, looking at me.

"Give me the keys," she whispered and held out her hand. I obeyed and she closed the door, locking it. Was she trying to imprison Bologal in her own room?

"What is this all about?" I hissed.

"No questions. You owe me that, remember? C'mon, boss might wake up."

She quietly but swiftly walked through the tunnel, much faster than I dared to. We emerged in the main hall, finding it abandoned.

"Shouldn't there be guards?" I whispered.

"I've dealt with 'em," Ebba said without slowing down.

What did that mean? Had she killed them? Knocked them out? Gotten them drunk? I stopped wondering about that and focused on keeping up with her.

Eventually she stopped by a door. I recognized it. This is where I first met Ebba. The treasure room.

Ebba unlocked the door and opened it, then she walked inside and pulled me with her, shutting the door behind us.

"Now can you tell me what's going on?" I asked, infuriated.

"Remember what I said 'bout only tryin' to escape if you got a plan so foolproof not even a blind chicken could fail? I got one of those," Ebba said. She was no longer whispering since she knew no one could hear us.

"What do you mean?"

"Just shut up and do what I tell you to do, fuckboy," Ebba said and threw a sack of silver over her shoulder. "Grab as many of these as you can and follow my lead."

I could only carry two small sacks while she had two much larger ones. She opened the door and walked out at a faster pace than before, despite her burden.

"You're stealing from -"

Ebba cut me off with a sharp hush.

When we got to the entrance I couldn't help but enjoy the fresh night air, but I also noticed the lack of guards. I asked no questions about it, knowing I wouldn't get an answer, and instead followed.

We walked out into the forest until we reached a carriage with a horse. My horse. And my carriage.

Ebba threw the sacks onto the carriage and I reluctantly did the same with mine.

"C'mon, let's head back in," Ebba said and ran back towards the cave. "There's plenty of room for more."

I followed her, slowly drifting into panic. What was I going to do? Obey? Warn Bologal? Run? And what could I do? Ebba would probably be able to stop me if I tried anything.

All I could do was play her game. And all I could think of was how to explain myself to Bologal. This was what I wanted. To be free. But it was the wrong kind of freedom. A freedom where I was still controlled by someone, and I would have an angry orc and her pack after me. An angry orc with a huge cock and a rape obsession.