 I apologize that this chapter took so long. And I apologize that the next one will probably take much longer. See, I've had a hard time finishing this chapter, which is why it's so short. And the reason is simply that real life is getting busier and I feel less motivated to write this story. So I'll take a break now until things are sorted out, if they are. Otherwise I guess this is sadly the last chapter. So in that case I suppose we'll have to assume that Thomas actually got fucked to death this time.

*****

When I woke up, my head still hurt. With my eyes still closed, I tried to remember what had happened.

I had been running from something, not knowing what. And whatever that was, it had most certainly caught up with me now.

I opened my eyes, fearing what I would see, and realized that I was in a small cave. Through the large opening I could see rain falling outside. What was I doing here? Had I been dragged here by a bear? Or some other animal that was saving me as a snack for later?

I rolled over to see if there was anything deeper into the cave. And there was. First of all, the sacks of silver from the camp. But also something way more threatening.

Towering above me, Bologal was standing with her hands on her hips and a grim look on her face.

"I'm going to give you a chance to explain yourself, slave," Bologal growled with great anger in her voice. "If I suspect you of lying, I'll break your legs."

I shuddered, terrified of the thought, and told her everything. Throughout my entire explanation I was stuttering, fearing for my life.

"I didn't want things to go like this!" I cried as I was wrapping up my story. "I just wanted to please you better, not get tangled up in some plot! I'm sorry!"

I lay myself flat on the ground before her, awaiting her judgement.

"Because of you, I've lost everything I've worked for," she said.

"I'll do anything to help you get it back!" I pleaded. "Anything!"

"And you were plotting with someone behind my back," Bologal continued.

"I didn't know her intentions! And when I did, I could do nothing to stop her!"

"For all this, you will die."

"No!" I begged her, looking up at her and feeling my eyes filling with tears.

Bologal grabbed me by the neck and dragged me to my feet, and then she got ready to break my neck.

"Please..." I whimpered.

Then Bologal burst into laughter, letting go of my neck. "That should be enough of a punishment for you,"

A mix of surprise and relief washed over me. "You... You're not going to kill me?"

Bologal shook her head, smiling. "I've grown too fond of you, human. Though you did deserve a little scare for your foolishness."

I couldn't believe it. She forgave me. The misery I had felt earlier was quickly replaced by happiness.

Bologal stroked my cheek. "You are, however, going to keep your promise and help me. You're the only ally I have left now. So together we'll continue my mission. Okay?"

I nodded with excitement. I would happily help her. I still wasn't sure why, but did it matter?

Bologal's smile went from friendly to lusty. "We'll leave this place once the rain stops, and in the meantime there is a little something I need help with."

I knew at once what to do and dropped to my knees, eagerly licking my lips. It felt strange to do that, but somehow I had now come to a point where the thought of Bologal's big cock filling my throat turned me on.

I placed a hand on her loincloth, stroking the growing dick underneath, and with my other hand I reached up under her loincloth and fondled her huge balls.

After teasing Bologal like this a little, I pulled down her loincloth and her hard dick sprang free, slapping me in the face. Bologal chuckled as she kicked the loincloth into a corner, and I moved my hands to let them rest on her wide, sturdy hips.

I licked her thick shaft up and down, tasting the familiar flavor that I hadn't tasted in days, and then I moved down to her ballsack and kissed it all over.

Bologal frequently let out soft moans, enjoying my work. She didn't command me to get to the actual sucking, simply letting me do what I wished.

I sucked on one of her tangerine-sized balls, letting it into my mouth where it could barely fit. I gently squeezed it in my mouth, listening to Bologal's approving moans. 

Then I released it, licking my way up her ballsack, shaft and then stopping at her head. It was leaking with precum. I kissed it a few times, sucking up the precum, and then I opened my mouth wide and slowly moved my head forward, feeling her cock move past my lips, slide against the walls of my mouth, and then enter my throat.

Bologal moaned loudly. "Oh, yeah! So good to be back inside your cocksucker mouth!"

I looked up at her and smiled with my mouth full of her meat. It felt good for me too, to once again be sucking on her delicious cock. To feel the hard rod slide in and out of me, to rub the soft skin against the inside of my throat, to feel its heat, to taste its flavor, to be doing this sensual thing with Bologal.

I moved back, letting her dick back out before once again giving it entrance to my mouth. Then I quickly increased the pace until I was deepthroating my mistress with furious speed, gagging every time I swallowed her down to the base.

"Look at me," Bologal said, and I obeyed. I looked up at her to see her face of intense pleasure between her huge tits as she looked down at me and I gave her a lusty smile.

"That's right, it's my cock you're sucking," she said, almost whispering. "Because I'll never let anyone else take you. You will never be with any other woman and my cock is the only one that will ever enter you."

Those words somehow comforted me. I had never really been worried about being raped by a man, but knowing that Bologal would protect me from such things made me feel safer and happier. Though the idea of never sleeping with another woman again... There was something negative about that thought... I didn't really like the idea of never getting to use my own penis again, only pleasuring someone else's. Though I could probably get used to it. After all, Bologal had a delicious cock and her pounding my ass felt really good.

Bologal grabbed my head with both of her big, strong hands and moved it even faster than before while thrusting her hips violently. I gagged loudly as I slammed against her abs over and over and her cock pistoned its way in and out of my mouth with incredible speed and force.

Then I heard Bologal's powerful moan as she came and her cock throbbed violently, shooting streams of cum down my throat.

When I had swallowed it all and no more came, I hesitantly released the softening orc cock from my mouth and Bologal let go of my head. I looked up at her, finding joy in her pleased expression. I liked this position, kneeling before my mistress. It gave me a perfect view of her hard stomach, her large breasts and her face, and it made her seem so much bigger.

What was wrong with me? I was accepting my role as a submissive sex slave. That can't be normal. But I didn't see a problem with that. After all, I was her slave whether I liked it or not. I had wasted my only chance of escaping that fate, so I might as well enjoy it.

"Turn around and get on all fours," Bologal ordered me. I noticed that her cok was already rising again. Her stamina was incredible.

I quickly obeyed her order and turned around, leaning forward to put my hands against the cold cave floor. I heard Bologal get down on her knees and move closer to me.

I was trembling with excitement and nervousness. I wanted Bologal inside me again, but I worried that it would hurt more now that we hadn't fucked for a while. I just tried to relax, to make it easier for my mistress to enter me.

The sound of skin slapping was heard as Bologal roughly grabbed my hips with both her hands and held me in a firm grip. Then I felt the tip of her big, hot cock rub against my ass. She swirled it around the opening for a moment and then started sliding her cock along my crack with slow movements.

"You want my cock in your ass, don't you?" she asked.

"Yes," I whispered.

"Tell me how badly you want it."

"I want it so much... I need it..." I hissed.

I could imagine Bologal grin behind me. "Then I, as your generous mistress, will give you what you want."

She positioned her cock by my hole and then thrust inside. It hurt a little more than usual, but after a few slow thrusts in and out it was practically gone.

After slowly and sensually assfucking me for a while, Bologal suddenly stopped. I turned my head back to see what was happening, a worried expression in my face. I couldn't really see much from my position, so all I could do was wonder why my mistress wasn't letting me feel her blissful fucking.

Then she suddenly started pounding me at incredible speed, taking me by surprise. She laughed at my reaction, which was to scream and flinch violently.

She fucked my ass like a machine, so hard and fast that I was worried she would tear my ass in half. She moaned loudly, clearly loving fucking me. And I was loving it too. She was slowly fucking me senseless.

She started moving her hands to match her thrusts, moving my entire body to make the impact of each slam against my ass even stronger. I felt her huge ballsack slam against mine and my mind was filled with pleasure and the sounds of bologal's voice and our bodies colliding with each thrust.

"You're loving this, huh?" Bologal said through gritted teeth as she fucked me, trying to somehow go even faster.

"Yes!" I yelled.

"Say how much you love my fat orc cock! How a puny human like you are so lucky to get your little pink ass pounded by a mighty orc like me!"

"I adore your cock!" I shouted. "It feels so amazing, like a piece of red-hot iron in my fragile human body!"

"Yeah, you worship my green cock!" Bologal moaned. "You could never fuck any other race without longing for the massive, steel-hard, throbbing orc cock that only I have! No one else, not even another orc, can fuck you this good!"

"Yes, mistress! Only you can satisfy me! I love you, my strong, powerful mistress! I love feeling your thick orc cock invade my unworthy human ass!

After I had spoken those words, I lost consciousness. Again. But this time it was caused by something much better than tripping and hitting my head; I was literally being fucked senseless.