 'This is Wimbledon Park'...oh shit this is my stop! I threw myself up and just managed to squeeze myself through the closing doors, if I wore a fedora I would be reaching back for it right now that's how close it was. Day dreaming is all I have done since my encounter with Eve at Comic-Con a couple of days ago but believe me you would be too if it happened to you. I guess after I finally had the courage to call her and arrange to meet up the day dreaming had got worse and almost being at her stop just made me lose all grip on reality. What really didn't help was hearing the Game of Thrones theme on my iPhone and having to hide an awkward hard on most of the way here!

I swipe my Oyster card and head outside the station where Eve said she would meet me at 7pm, it's currently 6:40pm I'm one of those people who is overly cautious I worry that if I left later the tube would be delayed or something bad would happen and I would be late Eve would be here on time and leave and not see me again and no way do I want that too happen! I assumed the universal position for wasting time of leaning against the wall and arbitrarily playing with your phone. I sent a quick text to my best friend and housemate that I attended Comic-Con with me, I told him all about what happened with Eve and the amazing blowjob I had got from this beautiful woman, he was hesitant to believe me but I told him I would have some proof after today. I think he's still bitter for me leaving him alone at Comic-Con as he's not as geeky inclined as I am. I couldn't help but keep checking the time every five seconds and scanning the area for any sight of Eve I couldn't help but feel she wasn't going to show for some reason and I really needed to see her as she was all that had been on my mind and when you work in retail like I do you spend a lot of time inside your head to help pass the time. More time had past and no sign so I adopted the next stage of the bizarre waiting ritual of walking up and down maybe no more then 6 steps at a time pivoting every now and again just to fancy it up I guess?

'Hey you!' 

I heard a soft voice with a touch of nerves say behind me. I tried to hide my smile as much as I could and turned around. There she was. The beautiful Eve. No more then 5 foot tall she came up to just below my shoulders, her hair still dyed beach blonde from her Kalessh cosplay but her brunette hair was starting to show, her big breasts kept under a green hoodie which was of a creeper from Minecraft. She was as sexy as I remember from the infinite replays in my head. The perfect BBW geek. I think I have been staring at her for too long now. 

'Heyyyy' I dragged out nervously. 'How are you Eve?' I asked and even before I finished my sentence she had her arms around me, at first I felt awkward but just as I felt comfortable enough to put my arms around her she broke the hug looked up and said 'I'm feeling just fine now'. 

'I have been watching you from just over there and I was too nervous to come up, I hope I didn't make you worry I wasn't going to show...well shall we head back to mine then'. She said stepping back and playing with her hair. 

'Head back to yours?' I hadn't planned this! I froze on the spot, I was under the impression we were just going to grab a bite to eat and drink and see how things go...back to her's I don't think I can how can I control myself going into the Lion's Den when I could hardly contain myself on the way over here. I will politely decline I'm sure she will understand I mean I want to see how far this will go and I can't make a fool of myself this early on as I have a tendency to live inside my own head and really over think every little thing I do, you know that phrase 'Making a mountain out of a molehill' that would be on my crest if I had one...well that's what I should have said but instead I nodded and let of a muffled 'hmmm mmmm' but I'm sure if she looked in my eyes she would see my true panic luckily she didn't and smiled a beautiful wide smile which did go some way to relax me. I offered my arm like a gentleman...no idea why I did that but it's hanging out there now. She took my arm and I asked the way to which she pointed past the high street and we began a gentle stroll up to her place. 

After about 10 minutes we arrived outside her place it was a simple looking one bedroom flat part of a house which had been divided especially. Along the way we talk all about Game of Thrones and what we of up to at Comic-Con besides the amazing blow job which we both went to mention but ended up giggling or going red in the face so we both avoided the subject not in a bad way but I think we were both as equally as nervous. She lead me around the side of the house were her front door was and she began to fumble with the keys struggling to get the door open which I wasn't complaining about at all as her lovely big rump was wiggling about in front of me and her hoodie rising up showing off her lower back. She finally got the door open and stepped aside motioning for me to go first. Now I don't know about you but when I got to someone's house for the first time I'm like a nosey hawk nothing malicious but I can't help but looking around and seeing what people have and how they live so my eyes start scanning rooms like I have just seen some prey! First thing I noticed was a very large converse selection with some really over the top vibrant colours and patterns. This is coming from the guy currently sporting a purple pair. I kicked my pair off and joked about how I hope we don't get them mixed up she said she's sure there's no problem of that as she only has little feet. She run off upstairs and I followed behind her, all the way up the staircase she had all manner of autographed posters, comic book covers and photos of her with various celebrities from Nathan Fillion to Peter Dinklage, in all of them she is dressed up in cosplay and positively beaming which I think is reflected in the celebrities who seem much more at ease then in some of the awkward photographs I have. Eve stuck her head around the corner 

'Are you coming up then?' looking down at me admiring her framed pictures.

'Oh yes of course, sorry I just got distracted by your pictures!' I replied looking up at her. 

Eve rested her hands on the corner of the wall and hung her head a little 'You probably think I'm such a geek now?' She genuinely seemed sad so I came up the stairs and put my hands on her arms, she raised her head and I looked her in the eyes, her big beautiful eyes. 

'Believe me Eve I probably give you a run for your money in geekdom. We after all met at Comic-Con, I have plenty of pictures on my walls myself, all my social media I use as an output for my geeky tendencies and I own more game consoles and games then a teenager. So don't worry yourself I feel completely at home here and with you'. 

She let out a rather big smile and begun to plush before resting her head on my chest and I rested my face on the top of her head, she moved her head to side and said

'Well you have only seen my hallway so far and I'm sure you will be eating those words later!' As she she finished she took my hand and walked me down her hallway as I was being lead down I looked to the right and saw her living room just a glance but looked like she had a nice home cinema system, several games consoles and various pieces of merchandise scattered about including figures, posters and plushes. A quick glance to the left I saw her kitchen all neat and tidy with a fair bit of junk food but there's nothing wrong with that! I thought to myself she must be leading me towards her bedroom I didn't feel ready for this but as I was being dragged along I didn't really have a choice in the matter. We burst into her bedroom and she dragged me around and sat me on her bed. This room had a very unique middle ground of style. On the one hand there were plenty of action figures, comic books, a vinyl player with a fair share of classic records, replica weapons and a film collection that would put most Blockbusters to shame (remember those!) but then there was a distinct look a woman's room with clothes thrown around pictures in frames of friends and family this time and more then enough make up. I liked it I really liked it. She stood in front of me, her full frame close to mine I just wanted I grab her, throw her on this bed and have my way with her! I have been craving her touch again since she left me shocked and fulfilled in a storage room at Comic-Con. 

'I think you are about to eat your words Mr!' she said while hanging her head but also with a cheeky smile she opened a double door wardrobe and what was inside was truly the Holy Grail of Geek, this wardrobe was filled to the brim with cosplay outfits and accessories. Dresses, robes and outfits hung on every hanger while weapons or tools stood against the back on the wardrobe and boxes o make up and shoes lined the bottom. 

'Well what do you think?' She asked eagerly. 

My jaw has dropped and I leant forward on the we trying to get a better look. 

'I think I have died and gone to heaven'. I said. 

'

Oh you haven't gone to heaven yet' she said in a sultry voice still with her head down but looking up with her eyes suddenly she giggled 'I'm sorry that was incredibly cheesey and my sexy voice still needs a lot of work' 

I was lost looking at her costumes, looking at her and trying to contain myself as even though it was a cheesey as anything it had worked...and worked well. I had to rearrange myself on her bed to hide the fact I was starting to get hard. 

'Would you like me to go through a few for you?' before I could even answer she was flicking through her costumes reeling off a who's who of sexy female characters such as Meadow from Firefly, Lara Croft, Miranda from Mass Effect, Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy, Black Widow, Andrea from The Walking Dead as well as most of the cast of Game of Thrones and many many more. 

With her back to me I heard her undo her belt on her jeans and let them drop to the floor in front of me like I wasn't there, there right in front of me was this perfectly round bubble butt of Eve's tightly pushed into a pair of bright blue underwear which were a couple of sizes small for her but it made her bum look fantastic and to make matters worse for me trying to hide a hard on she starting jiggling up and down with excited letting out little screams of joy while flicking through her dresses which must have been bringing back some memories or personal favourites. 

'Take your cock out and start playing with it while you watch me' this came for out of nowhere and she kept laying on the surprises for me. 

'Excuse me' I said genuinely shocked at what I heard but god know why I was talking this way as this is exactly what I wanted put it down to almost not believing what I had heard. 

Without breaking a beat Eve continued looking thorough her dresses and jiggling her bum about which I'm certain was on purpose now. 'You heard me and I want it done now so take your cock out and play with yourself!' I did what I was told and threw myself back on the bed kicking off my shoes, laying back on her bed I reached down unzipped and unbuckled my jeans before pulling my now very hard cock out of my boxers. I very gently and slowly began to play with myself while looking at the most fantastic view of Eve who after hearing me undo my jeans bent over to look on the bottom of her wardrobe wiggling her bum around even more rummaging about I started to stroke faster but it wasn't until she lifted her bright green hoodie up over her head and I saw a couple of precious flashes of her incredible tits that I started to really grip onto the bottom of my cock ad start to play with myself properly. 

'Aww you're such a good boy doing what I tell you to do aren't you, but you can stop now. I need your cum and I'm going to get it from you' she said without turning around, I let go of my cock which was now as hard as it had ever been but I am sure if she carried on talking this way I would cum without her even touching me! She slowly backed up to me, now standing in between my spread legs on her bed until she pressed her bum right against my cock and began to shake her bum from side to side knocking my cock back and forth before she slid up and down on it too. Eve finally turned around but had one arm covering her tits as she knew these drove me crazy, with her free hand she motioned me to come closer and lay down closer to the edge of the bed before resting this hand on my knee and slowly trailing it up my leg until finally she opened we hand put her palm on my cock first before slowly wrapping each finger individually around it. By now my face was bright red and was breathing heavily taking every ounce of me not to cum right there as she began slowly stroking my cock up and down from the tip all the way down the shaft to the the bottom her fingers gently grazing my balls. 

'Do you want to see them?' she asked looking down at her beautiful big tits which on her 4'9 body were simply gigantic and hardly being contain by her arm. I nodded very eagerly to which she giggled I must have looked like a kid at Christmas. She suddenly pulled her arm away and her breasts dropped out into view with a satisfying bounce and I threw back my head in disbelief. I couldn't see but I felt her kneel down between my legs holding my cock up firmly with one hand and sliding it inbetween her tits and she lowered herself down into a perfect tit fucking position. I had to sit up and look down to see this view and she looked back up at just the right time, our eyes met and we both let out a nervous excited laugh and I fell back again on the bed. It truly know felt like I had gone to heaven as her soft big tits were sliding up and down my hard cock but if she was an angel she just earnt her halo as she starting gently licking the tip of my cock as it poked through her immense cleavage which was swallowing up my cock. She continued this knowing it was driving me crazy her licking getting harder and wetter with each lash of her tongue. 

'Are you going to cum for me? I need this cum I have craved it since you last overflowed my mouth with it' she asked while continuing to tit fuck me engulfing even more of my hard cock with her tits. 

Between hard breaths and moans I got out 'I'm going to cum and this time I want you to choke on the amount of cum I'm going to shoot down your throat'

'Ohhhh how naughty of you, I like it when you talk to me like that but just a little punishment...' she stopped tit fucking me but not before planting a little kiss on the side of my cock. 'I want you inside me so you can think of what a naughty boy you are!' with this she got on all fours next to me on the bed and I jumped up behind her dropping my jeans but and throwing off my t-shirt, I took a while to admire the view of this chubby brunette beauty bent over in front presenting herself to me. I didn't even take her undies off I pulled them to he side which made her moan with curiosity. I positioned my cock just right feeling how wet she is and flicking the top of her vagina catching her clit with the tip of cock then I can't help it I ease my way inside her, she's quite tight and I start to build up a rhythm. Looking down at her flowing brown hair over her back and seeing her big tits swing about under the force of me fucking her from behind creating a satisfying thud against her belly as they bounce about I know it won't be long before I cum and to new honest I'm surprised I have every lasted this long but couldn't be happier that I have. ' I don't really see how this is a punishment Eve?'

Between moans and heavy breaths I can hear her smile and say 'I don't really think it is either but it won't just be you having all the fun from now' I smile at the thought of this is going to be the first of many times I get to fuck this beauty. I can't last any longer. 

I pull out of Eve slowly and hold onto my cock with one hand 'I'm a man of my word Eve your going to choke on this now turn around' I spank her rather hard to which she giggles and excitedly turns around kneeling down on her bed while I stand over her gently stroking my cock I open my mouth and say 'ahhhh' to which she does the same in a playful manner, the second she has her soft mouth as open as possible I stepped forward and shoved all of my hard cock in her. I instantly came so hard and so much I almost fell over but kept my cock shoved in her mouth while it twitches and shoots several big loads followed by a few short bursts. She doesn't break eye contact looking up at me swallowing everything I can shoot in her mouth until finally it's too much and she chokes a little before snapping her head off my cock and dribbling cum out of mouth onto the bed and down her chest. She coughs and wipes her mouth with the back of hand, lets out a wow and looks up at me red in the face and breathing heavily. 

'You really are a man of your word' she gets out between panting breaths. 'And I'm a woman of mine I got your cum myself and tomorrow you can pick out any costume you like and I'll role play for you, your own perverted tale with me and you can do anything you like!'

I laid down on her bed next to her we both lay there until she fell asleep my mind already running wild with possibilities for tomorrow!

Sound off in the comments on who you would like to see Eve cosplay as next? The submission with the most votes wins and would like to have an idea for my next stories. 

Thank you for reading please leave feedback and check out my last story.