 Merlin locked the door leading out to the corridor, trimmed the wick of the lamp on his desk so that it shone with a low but clear light, and sat back against the cushions on his couch. He uttered a short phrase under his breath, and waited.

After a short pause, a haze of gently twinkling lights formed in the air before him, and a voice, unearthly but gentle, spoke.

"Hail, Lord Merlin."

"Welcome, Ariel," the wizard replied. "As always, I am grateful that you answer my invitation."

"And I, that you call me," came the response. "Do you wish me to stay with you for the evening? There are things we may discuss."

"I would welcome that," answered Merlin, "if there are not other pressing matters to which you must attend."

"None more pressing than the company of a friend of the Otherworld such as you are," she replied. "May I know what form you would have me take? A woman of your own kind, as sometimes before? I know you find comfort in that."

Merlin considered for a moment. "Indeed, Ariel. Could you be..." He paused for a moment, as if forming a picture in his mind's eye. "Not tall, but slim. Legs slender but strong. Long, wavy brown hair, an oval face." He hesitated, then went on, "Breasts, not too large, but well-shaped."

The lights shimmered, as if with silent laughter. "Merlin, you need not be embarrassed with me -- we have already shared much, you and I. Speak frankly of your wishes and needs; I am more than ready to fulfil them."

Merlin spoke again. "Let it be so, then."

"Merlin, Merlin, you leave much out," teased his visitor. "How should I be clothed? How have my hair? Should my manner be bold, or shy?" She paused. "And what of under the clothes? Silks, or nothing? And then -- " again the shimmer of amusement -- "downy, or smooth?"

Merlin blushed at that last, but managed a reply. "Hair, caught up with gold, so it can be let down. Clothes, the garb of a lady in her retiring chamber with her maids, and underneath, silks. Your manner -- I would not change that in any way, always on the edge of delightful familiarity." He paused again. "As for that last, let it be a surprise."

"Very well," answered Ariel. "So watch, if you will."

The cloud of lights seemed to swirl, then to dim, and a misty outline formed in the air by Merlin's desk. As he watched, the outline became more solid, until in the room stood a woman, exactly as Merlin had described in every detail he could see.

She lifted her hands to examine them, turning them over and back, then moved over to the mirror on the wall and looked carefully at the features she saw reflected there.

"This seems well to me, my lord," she spoke, her voice human now but still unmistakeably Ariel.

"To me also," Merlin found his voice.

Ariel smoothed the soft fabric of her robe with her palms, then caught Merlin's eyes and held them in her gaze as she ran her hands lightly over her breasts. She smiled, and raised her eyebrows. "I think these match your wish well enough, but you will have to be the judge of that."

Merlin breathed in slowly. "May I embrace you?" he asked. She held out her hands, palms forward in welcome, and he moved over to her and took her in his arms, feeling her press him close to her. His hand reached for the fastening of her golden hair clasp, and just as in his mental picture, he released her wavy brown hair to fall over her shoulders.

She closed her eyes and parted her lips, her invitation obvious, and Merlin kissed her, lightly at first, then more deeply as she responded to his kiss. Her breasts pressed into his chest, and he felt her nipples harden.

He released her and moved back a little, then ran his fingers down over her shoulders and onto her breasts, following the line her hands had taken only a few moments before. She gasped, and arched her back to push her breasts toward him. He caressed more firmly, then gently squeezed her nipples between thumb and fingers.

She gave another sound of pleasure, and reached for the fastening of her robe at one shoulder to loosen it. Merlin helped her as her eager fingers fumbled, and one breast was revealed, though still bound in the silken undergarments. Merlin bent his head to kiss the nipple that pushed at the fabric, then took it between his lips. Ariel quickly loosed the fastening at her other shoulder, and her robe slid to the floor. Merlin moved his hand onto her other breast and touched the other nipple as he continued to gently nibble the first.

"Please, let me bare them to you," Ariel asked, urgency in her voice. Merlin reached round behind her to the fastening of her silk undergarment, and loosed it. He gently pulled the fabric across her breasts, then laid it aside.

"Your mouth again," urged Ariel, and Merlin complied, taking one bare nipple between his lips then fully suckling it. Ariel caught his hand and guided it first to her mouth, touching his fingers with her tongue, then back onto her other breast, gasping again as his fingers slid wetly over the other hard nipple.

Ariel's hand slid down over her stomach and further, and it was obvious from her response that she was touching herself as Merlin continued his attention to her breasts. Then he stopped, and began instead to kiss his way downwards. Ariel withdrew her hand, and he took it and tongued her fingers, then kissed still further down. When he reached the barrier of her remaining undergarments, he looked up enquiringly. Ariel nodded wordlessly, and Merlin gently grasped the silk and eased her remaining garments down, till she could step out of them and stand before him fully naked and already aroused.

Merlin indicated the bed, and Ariel moved to kneel atop the covers. Merlin followed her, discarding his robe, then knelt in front of her. Again he kissed her on the lips, and as he did so, he slid his hands up her sides and onto her breasts, cupping them in his palms and gently touching the tips of her nipples with his thumbs.

She gasped, and said, "Your tongue, Merlin." He complied, kissing and suckling each nipple in turn then flicking them with the tip of his tongue. He slid his hand down her stomach, and then further.

"I like your choice," he said, as his fingers encountered only smooth skin before reaching her wet opening. He explored the wetness, then carefully penetrated her with two fingers, gently running his thumb up and down the front of her slit.

As his thumb brushed her clitoris, she moaned. Merlin continued for a moment, then withdrew, moving around behind her. He buried his face in her hair, and cupped her breasts from behind, gently brushing her erect nipples with his palms. Then he slid one hand down again over her stomach and smooth mound, and once more began to give attention to her clitoris, while his other hand travelled down her back, over her smooth cheeks, and between her legs to penetrate her from behind with his fingers.

She lifted her hands to touch her own breasts, and said, "Merlin, please make me come this way first."

Merlin kissed her hair, and said, "Of course." He continued his touching of her most intimate places, and she caressed her nipples and occasionally slid a hand down to open herself even more fully to his hands. Finally he could tell from her breathing that she was reaching her climax, and he let her push herself against his hands as the spasms of pleasure took over her body.

When she was spent, she leaned back into him, her breathing slowing to normal, and he encircled her with his arms and embraced her. They remained thus for a measureless time, then Ariel stirred. "Now, how may I please you?"

Merlin smiled. "My lady, that you have already done, and in great measure. But there are things that I would enjoy." He lay down on the bed, and she knelt beside him. She leaned over, and her long hair brushed his chest.

She bent to kiss his nipples, then to run the full length of her tongue over them. She suckled each in turn, then flickered them with the tip of her tongue. Merlin let her continue, his pleasure intense.

"What next?" whispered Ariel.

"I want to feel you on me," said Merlin. Ariel obeyed, straddling him with her hips and pressing her wetness against his hard shaft. She began to move, slowly, and Merlin closed his eyes as she pleasured him. Then Ariel gasped, and said, "I think I could come again."

"Then let me help you," said Merlin. Ariel moved up his body, her wetness touching his stomach, his chest, until her hips were level with his face. Merlin gently held her hips, and began to tongue her, searching for her hard nub and finding it. Then he brought one hand between her legs and began to touch her. He penetrated her with his thumb, then gently ran his fingers further back, until Ariel's eyes widened with surprise.

Merlin paused for a moment. "Shall I?" he asked. Solemn-faced, Ariel nodded, and he carefully slid a finger a little way into her other opening. Her face showed a moment of discomfort, then relaxed as Merlin returned to tonguing her and gently circling his thumb inside her.

She smiled, and said, "Being filled in both places is... strange, but satisfying." Then her eyes closed as Merlin took her clitoris fully into his mouth and gently sucked and tongued it. She began to pant, then to utter short, quiet moans, then finally could no longer contain herself and gave a long "Aaaah!" as an orgasm again overwhelmed her.

When her pleasure had subsided, she looked into Merlin's face and said, "Now, your turn again. Tell me..."

"Lie down, on your back," requested Merlin. She did so, and this time he straddled her, placing his shaft between her breasts. She looked up into his face and smiled, then reached her hands to her breasts and pushed them together. "Enjoy," she invited.

Merlin began to move between her breasts, feeling her still-hard nipples touching him. "Do you want me to come on you like this?" he asked, his voice taking on an urgency as he felt himself near to climax.

Ariel thought, then shook her head. "I want you in me for that," she said. 

Merlin nodded. "Kneel again," he said.

She complied, and he knelt behind her as he had done before.

This time he placed his shaft in the cleft of her rounded cheeks, and again began to slowly move. He cupped her breasts in his hands, then slid one hand down over her stomach and placed his fingers flat against her still-wet opening.

"I want you inside me," Ariel almost begged.

Merlin withdrew a little, and guided his tip to her wet opening from behind, then slowly penetrated her. As he moved into her, she shifted position so that she was as open to him as she could be. He began to move in her, first withdrawing so that he was almost out of her -- she whimpered a little as if with disappointment at the loss of him -- then slowly, steadily thrusting into her so his hips met her.

His fingers sought out her clitoris, and gently caressed it. He moved inside her more urgently, and as he quickened pace his fingers moved more insistently on her. She began to gasp, then as Merlin gave a guttural moan signifying the arrival of his climax, Ariel cried out aloud as she felt him spurt and fill her with his warm seed. He continued to move inside her, orgasm again overwhelmed her, and she pushed back against him to bring him as deep inside her as she could.

Still inside her, Merlin wrapped his arms around her and held her tightly against him. She leaned her head back against his shoulder, eyes closed, arms folded over his arms as they pressed reassuringly against her breasts.

Merlin withdrew from her, and she turned to face him. "Have I pleased you?" she asked, smiling, knowing the answer.

He nodded, and said, "Will you stay a little longer?"

In answer she gracefully turned, lying with her back to him, looking over her shoulder. He blew out the lamp, then moved to lie with her, one arm under her head, his other hand flat against her stomach. Soon she heard his breathing become regular as he slept. She smiled in the darkness, and though no-one saw, for a moment her skin sparkled...