 Tara sat in front of her computer masturbating while watching porn. This was not particularly unusual. That she was fondling on of her breasts while doing was not unusual; nor was it unusual that she was watching rough blowjob porn. What made this time masturbating odd was the fact that she was stroking her newly grown cock.

It had happened a week ago. After a long night drinking with one of her roommates Tory, she had blacked out, and woken up at home. The last thing she remembered was talking and flirting with a girl with purple hair and eyes that almost glowed. She woke up the next morning groggy, and with a huge penis hanging right above her clit. It was freaky at first, and caused her no end of wardrobe difficulties at work. Quickly however her sexual desire increased to the point that she was more interested in sexually pleasing herself than disturbed at her new appendage.

Now her in new found horniness, her crush on her roommate Chrissy was blossoming hard. Chrissy, the adorable, short, blonde, perky, curvy girl was the third roommate in town house they all rented. And so here she was, stroking her cock, fondling her breasts, while watching porn of a girl who looked a lot like Chrissy getting absolutely throat fucked.

Her hand slid up and down, with a gentle grip but quickly, squeezing harder occasionally. Her hand cupping her firm b cup breasts, squeezing and running fingers along the bottom curve as her shirt was pulled up over them. She pinched her nipple as she bit her lip to try to stifle her moans. Soon she could not help herself. She began moaning louder, and even calling Chrissy's name, softly at first, but louder as the video wore on.

"Chrissy, Chrissy, Chrissy! Chrissy! CHRISSY!!" Tara called out as she stroked faster and harder. She was so close as the girl in the video choked particularly hard on the cock being shoved violently down her throat. Right as Tara was reaching for the tissues to catch her impending load, the door cracked open startling her. And there stood Chrissy, wrapped in a towel, hair dripping wet. Chrissy had clearly just finished her shower in the bathroom right across the hall. 

Tara froze, too startled to move, but also past the point of no return, her cock erupted with ropes of cum. It shot straight up and smacked her cheek, streaking lines of cum from her forehead, across her stomach. After long seconds of pleasure and tortured shock her cum began subsiding and just oozed out over her fingers still wrapped around her dick. The room was silent for a moment. Tara sat there, a cummy mess while Chrissy took in the whole scene. Her eyes slid over Tara's cock, the mess, and over to the computer screen, porn still playing. The girl in the video almost pukes, and Tara cringed and closes her eyes. Then Chrissy said the most wonderful thing she could have.

"Is that all for me?" Chrissy said in a quiet voice, gesturing to the cum. Tara's eyes shot open and locked gazes with Chrissy, her eyes full of desperate fragile wanting, and nodded. Chrissy smiled and took a tenative step forward. Then another. Chrissy reached out slowly, with one finger she cleaned a smear of cum from Tara's face and then after a faint pause to examine it, she licked it clean. Tara still couldn't bring herself to move. Chrissy leaned forward, and kissed another cummy spot, sucking the jizz off Tara's cheek.

Tara's body was stiff as Chrissy smiled gently at her, and began kissing down Tara's body, licking up globs and streaks of cum. Tara began breathing heavily, not even believing as her hot crush cleaned up her cum with her mouth. Tara felt her cock, limp after cumming, begin to stiffen again. Chrissy moved down, clearly getting more and more excited. Dropping to her knees, Chrissy began licking the cum of tara's fingers.

Encouraged by Chrissy's enthusiasm, Tara rubbed her cock against Chrissy's face, and then gave her cheek a playful cockslap. Chrissy giggled.

"That thing is a monster!" Chrissy said playfully, reaching for the shaft, but Tara moved it and gave her another slap on the forehead. Chrissy just giggled and licked the underside, eliciting a moan from Tara. Chrissy used the pause to wrap her lips around the head and suck. Hard. Tara whimpered and moaned as Chrissy began to suck, and move up down. The porn provided a counterpoint to the soft sucking noises from Chrissy's mouth.

Driven into a horny frenzy, Tara began to buck into Chrissy's mouth, her hand in Chrissy's hair as she began to drive herself deeper. Chrissy gave a warning squeal, then a gag as Tara's cock slid too deep. Chrissy recoiled up off the dick, wiping a light bit of drool off her chin. She looked up with a smile at Tara, glancing at the porn screen.

"It's ok, go ahead, just try not to make me puke!" Chrissy said with a giggle, before putting her warm lips back around Tara's cockhead. Tara moaned, loud and low, not believing Chrissy was so excited by the prospect. Feeling empowered and accepted and powerful Tara grabbed Chrissy's hair and began to buck hard up into the little blonde's throat. Chrissy squealed, but did not protest the invasion of her throat as she choked and sputtered spit down her chin.

The squelches as Tara drove her cock deep meshed with the abuse the porn girl was suffering. Tara moaned, driving Chrissy's head down deeper, delighting guiltily in hearing her crush gag and choke on Tara's fat cock. Chrissy whimpered and coughed up thick globs of spit, ropes of drool dripping down to her chest. Her towel coming loose, revealing her full, pale tits, quivering each time Tara's cock sent a shock though her small frame. Tara felt torn. As much as she really liked the blonde girl, her sexual needs starting pushing her into rougher desires, wanting to dominate the petite Chrissy.

"T-t-take it slut!" Tara whimpered with stutter, surprised as Chrissy was that it came from her lips. Chrissy paused for a moment. Tara paused, before grabbing Chrissy's hair and pressing her all the way down and holding her there.

"I said take it slut!" Tara said with more force. Chrissy squealed, trying to conceal her arousal at the dirty talk. Tara heard it though, holding the blonde down until she choked hard and messily before letting her up. Tara smeared her spit covered cock all over Chrissy's face.

"You like that? You like choking on cock little bitch?" Tara sneered, not even believing she could verbally abuse the girl she admired and swooned over. But when she got horny it almost went beyond her control. Chrissy clearly was getting off on it though, whimpering and nodding, rubbing her cheeks all over Tara's shaft, thick globs of spit smearing her red cheeks. Tara stood up, grabbing a fistful of Chrissy's hair roughly she impaled the blonde's face on her cock deeply.

Chrissy's eyes watered, she choked more, gagging each time Tara humped her face. From the floor she looked up at Tara with watery eyes, seeing the hunger in her roommates. She winces as Tara held her down until she almost can't breathe, then gasped for air as Tara let her go. Strands of spit linked the cockhead to Chirssy's lips. Heaving for air Chrissy barely noticed that Tara was stroking her dick, holding Chrissy's head still.

With a grunt Tara came again. Streams of sticky cum blasted the blonde's face. Splattering all over Chrissy's cheeks, smearing her hair, gluing one eye shut. It kept coming though, splashing against Chrissy's neck, over her shoulders, dripping down her chest over her tits. Finally it sputtered out. The last few drops landed heavily on Chrissy's thighs. There was a moment of silence.

"Holy shit! Dammmnnnn girl! How much is in you!" Chrissy said with a giggle, feeling her own thighs wet. She shook her head, not even believing how wet she got from being used roughly and cum blasted. She stood up and scampered back across the hall into the bathroom. Leaning forward she stared at her cum face. Watching as a thick strand dripped down her cheek and onto the sink.

Tara stood in shock for a moment. Feeling guilty she hurried out into the hall and into the bathroom, still wearing only the thin t-shirt pulled up over her breasts. She wanted to console her crush, but as soon as she saw Chrissy admiring her facial her cock began to rise again. Pressing up behind the blonde, she rubbed her hard cock between Chrissy's butt cheeks.

"Fuck! Again girl! What is that thing? Magic? My face is a mess! Lemme clean it!' Chrissy giggled. She felt the cock pressing behind her ass.

"Whore, I'll clean you off!" Tara yelled, trembling with want and need. She grabbed Chrissy's hair and brought her onto her knees. Without even thinking she let loose with a stream of urine, hosing the cum messily off Chrissy's face. Chrissy stood frozen in shock, but her own heat kept her there. She almost came herself as Tara degraded her.

But right there the spell broke. Tara realized she just pissed all over the face of the girl she was infatuated with. Scared and freaked out, Tara ran back into her room and shut the door. Chrissy stood breathless. Piss soaked and stick cum sticky, her pussy on fire, Tara missed her masturbating to an orgasm.