 Ch. 03 song titles 

Air on the G string (Bach) 

The Little Fugue in G minor (Bach) 

An Unforgettable Melody: Ch. 03 

"You've always been a smart one. You give yourself too little credit, boy," he said with his thick Texan drawl. 

Mike chuckled. "I know, Granddaddy." 

Harry Weston adjusted his thick glasses. "After all, what have I always said about power? Men who seek power actively are destined to abuse it..." 

"...But men with power thrust on them unwittingly can be trusted to guard it." Mike laughed. "Sometimes you're a regular Uncle Ben Parker, you know that?" 

He glanced at his gold wristwatch. "Well, 'bout that time. I'd best be going now. Just remember son, you be sweeeeeet..." he said, bleating like a sheep on the last word. Ever since he was a little kid, Mike couldn't help but crack up laughing at his catchphrase... 

As Mike slowly awoke, he became aware of a warm, sticky sensation occurring between his legs. His eyes fluttered open, treated to the sight of a gorgeous redhead sucking his cock gently. 

"Good morning," Melody said with a smile. 

"It certainly is..." 

She giggled, continuing to lick his rigid cock as if it were a piece of candy. Slowly, his senses began to fully awaken, causing the sensations to increase and his member to grow even harder. Mike glanced at his alarm clock. 7:10... plenty of time... he thought mischievously. 

He sat up straight in his bed, causing Melody to pause. "You no like?" She had her pouty face on again. 

Mike chuckled. "Oh, I love... but I want more," he said with a wink. 

Smiling a mile wide, Melody moved to kiss him, but they both were hit full force with the other's morning breath. 

"Oh, wow that's awful!" 

"Sure is. Umm, let me think... I wish for both of our mouths to always be completely clean and have fresh breath, even after oral sex, so that we will always be able to enjoy kissing each other," Mike stated. 

Tingle. Flash. 

Without a word, Melody immediately stuck her tongue down Mike's throat, moaning in pleasure. "Much better," she said with a wicked grin. 

"Agreed." 

Pushing him back on to his back, she playfully pinned him between her legs. "I believe someone said they wanted more." 

He nodded. "I seem to recall that." 

"Well, that works out perfectly." She leaned close to his ear, whispering, "Because I wanna ride your brains out." 

Mike's cock twitched in anticipation. As she aligned her moist, shaven pussy with his rod, Melody began grinding her hips on the tip, causing her sweet juices to dribble down the length of his shaft. 

"You were so gentle last night, I couldn't have ever dreamed of a better way to lose my virginity," she said, still torturing the tip of his cock. "But now..." finally lowering herself onto him, "It's my turn to show you what I can do." 

Placing her hands on his chest, she began to work him slowly and deliberately, squeezing her forearms together to give her incredible tits the perfect amount of lift. As she sped her movements up, this created a stunning visual as they bounced from her increasingly rapid humping. Unable to resist, Mike reached out to begin working her nipples with his thumbs and index fingers. As her eyes widened in pleasure, Melody threw her head back, her face a vision of lust and desire. 

Breathlessly, she managed to ask, "Is that wish from last night still in effect? That I cum when you cum?" 

Not slowing his breast play for even a moment, he replied, "You bet your ass." 

Opening her eyes slowly to gaze at him, she asked, "Does that mean that I can ONLY cum when you cum?" As Mike appeared confused, she continued in a sultry voice, "I'm multi-orgasmic. I could cum three or four times in a row." 

His eyes widened at the revelation. "Then do it. I want you to cum as many times as you're able to." 

Smiling wickedly, Melody shifted to a grinding motion, biting her lip as she did so. Mike could tell she was working her clit directly on him, and was only more aroused by the fact that she was literally using his cock to jack herself off. Worried that this might cause him to blow his load too soon, he managed to eek out a wish. 

"I wish that I won't cum until after you do. I want you to cum all over my cock, then cum from me exploding into you." 

Tingle. Flash. "Done... oh God!" 

Mike instantly felt his stamina return, allowing her to increase her tempo as her climax approached. He couldn't help but marvel at Melody's technique; despite her speed, she was still managing to ride his cock perfectly to where he was never in danger of slipping out. Her breathing intensified, her eyes rolled back into her head, until the wave of her orgasm finally broke. 

"Yeeeeessssss..." She moaned as rode out the aftershocks. Mike loved the feeling of her tight pussy contracting around him, attempting to milk him for all he was worth. If it hadn't been for his wish, he'd have been done right then and there. As her speed gradually decreased, indicating her fatigue, Mike wrapped his arms around her, pulling her down to lie on his chest. 

As Melody's breasts dangled in his face, he simultaneously began to pound her pussy full force while sucking and licking her right nipple. She loved every second of it, running her hands through his hair just to try and steady herself as her second climax began to approach. "I don't want to rush you, but it's almost 7:30," she whispered breathlessly. "Do you... want... to cum... now?" 

He released her breast from his mouth to speak. "Only if... you... cum... too." 

Melody nodded forcefully. "Do it. Fill me up. I need it." 

Wrapping his arms tightly around her, Mike thrust his final five strokes into her before their dual orgasms erupted within them. 

"Oh... SHIIIIIIIIIIIIT!!" They exclaimed simultaneously. 

Melody collapsed onto him, lightly kissing his chest and grinning contentedly. As she propped her chin up on her folded hands, she gazed at Mike lovingly. 

"You were smiling, you know." 

Mike was confused. "You mean just now?" 

She giggled. "No, silly. While you were asleep." 

He shrugged, replying, "Well how could I not? I got woken up in the greatest method imaginable." 

She shook her head. "Nope. You were smiling way before that, from the moment I woke up. Were you dreaming?" 

As it slowly came back to him, he nodded. 

She smirked. "Here's hoping I can keep up with your subconscious." 

Mike laughed, responding, "No, no, nothing like that. I was... I was just talking to my Granddaddy. The one I mentioned to you that was a Southern Baptist preacher, remember? He was always the perfect combination of cut-up and wizened sage." 

Kissing him lightly on the cheek, she said, "He sounds fantastic. Is he still...?" 

Mike shook his head no. "He died when I was about nine years old." 

Melody put her hand over her mouth apologetically. "I'm so sorry, I probably shouldn't have brought it..." 

Silencing her with a tender kiss, he smiled. "It's totally fine. I miss him, but thinking about him doesn't make me sad. Hell, right now he's probably lecturing Jesus himself about how criminal it is that 'Even in Heaven I still can't get breakfast in bed!'" 

Melody rolled off of him, laughing at the impersonation he did. "Would he really do that?" 

"Oh hell yeah, the man had no shame. I may be an only child, but he was that only child everyone grumbles about," Mike said dryly. 

By this time, it was 7:32. Turning to Melody, he said, "Why don't you go ahead and take a shower first?" 

Here eyes brightened. "Ok! A shower sounds so relaxing... and even more so if you were to join me," she purred. 

Briefly considering it for a split second, he then thought better of it. "Don't think we're gonna have time. But I tell ya what. If you're a good girl," he said, tapping her nose playfully, "then we'll do just that when we get home after lunch. Deal?" 

Kissing his lips sweetly, she responded, "Deal. But I'm holding you to it." 

"I thought you just did... hold me to it," he shot back. 

Slapping him with her pillow, she rolled out of bed. "I'm going to take a shower you little smartass." 

Entirely pleased with himself, Mike reached into his nightstand drawer, pulling out his iPad mini. After a few minutes of checking email and social media, he suddenly had a brilliant idea. He just had to check one website... 

That'll do perfectly! 

Just then, he heard the bathroom door open. A nude Melody emerged, her gorgeous red hair still damp from her shower. "Damn, I coulda stayed in there forever..." she mused. 

Mike emphatically nodded in agreement. "Yep, and now it's my turn," he said, rubbing his hands together. "Guess I'll let you get ready for church... oh crap." 

"What?" 

"You don't have any clothes besides your shorts and t-shirt, do you?" 

She giggled. "Please. My powers let me instantly generate any clothes I may need for myself, as a part of blending into society. No worries." 

"Oh, that's cool," he said, slightly amazed. "Are you able to do the same for me?" 

Frowning slightly, she replied, "Only if it were necessary for your protection. Masters are generally expected to provide their own basic needs such as food, clothing, and shelter. Genies only intervene in the most dire of circumstances." 

"I guess that makes sense. Ok, I'll be out in a few minutes." 

Giggling, she shot back, "And if you aren't, I'll know what you were doing!" 

Rolling his eyes, Mike turned the hot water on and stepped inside, letting the stream roll down his back. He kept his shower rather businesslike, washing his hair, getting a quick shave, and cleaning up his nether regions. Once he finished, he stepped out of the bathroom, toweling off. Retrieving his glasses from his nightstand and combing his hair, Mike soon found Melody in his walk in closet, posing in front of the floor length mirror. Staying at the doorway for a moment, he was very impressed by her attire. She had chosen a fitted white button up dress shirt and a knee-length shamrock green skirt. The shirt had the sleeves rolled up to just above her elbows, which styled nicely with the light and airy skirt. Mike whistled in approval, causing her to turn with a grin. 

"There's my sexy stud," she said, sauntering up to him. "All clean?" 

"Yep," he replied. Stepping into the closet to grab some clothes, Mike paused in front of the mirror. Melody joined him, resting her chin on his shoulder from behind him, and running her hand over his freshly shaven neck and face. 

"Goddamn you're hot..." she muttered. 

Mike shrugged. "Meh." 

"Meh?" she questioned, cocking her eyebrow. "What's that mean?" 

Sighing, he replied, "I love that you tell me I'm so hot, but really, I'm just average in the looks department. Always have been." 

Melody gently, but convincingly, turned his head toward hers by the chin. "I love you, and I always will, but after all the lectures you've given me about free will, self confidence, and deserving to be loved, I don't wanna hear you talk that way about yourself. Besides, if it's that big an issue, I do have the power to alter your physical appearance however you wish." 

Taken aback by her forcefulness, he gazed at his reflection again. Now that he thought about it, he didn't really want to change his appearance much. He could wish to be taller, but that would make everyone suspicious. Nobody in his family was taller than 5'8", plus Melody already said she couldn't provide clothes for him unless it was for protection, which would immediately make all of his pants useless. 

Thoughtfully, he responded, "Ok, let's try this. I don't want to change my facial appearance or height at all. Let's have my body be in perfect health and slightly above average physical condition, on the condition that all of my clothes will still fit me just fine. Wait, you can undo any changes we make, right?" 

She nodded in confirmation. 

"Awesome," he continued. "Additionally, I want my perfect health to remain intact no matter what I may eat or how little I may exercise. As far as outward appearance to others, I don't feel the need to hide these changes, as long as they look realistic and believable enough to anyone who knows what I looked like before. Does all that work?" 

Tingle. Flash. "Done." 

Immediately, Mike felt the same tingling sensation over his entire body. As he watched the changes to his body in the mirror, his vision suddenly became warped. Afraid he might fall over from the sudden change, Melody instinctively removed his glasses. "Perfect health, remember? That includes eyesight," she said, kissing him on the cheek. 

Checking out his new body in the mirror, Mike was impressed. Still the same height and build, his arms, legs, and shoulder were now notably toned with slight muscle definition. His stomach and chest, while not bulging with muscles, were completely flat and lacking any excess flab, feeling quite firm to the touch. Flexing his right arm in front of him, Melody chimed in, "I was able to make your body stronger than it actually appears to be by enhancing the efficiency of your muscles. Some would refer to this as being 'scrappy and wiry.' Based on your description, it seemed like a result you'd be pleased with." 

He smiled, and channeled his inner James Earl Jones. "Impressive... most impressive." Seeing the confused look on her face, he replied, "Don't worry, it's just from my favorite movie series ever. I'll show it to you sometime here." 

Giggling from behind him, she wrapped her arms around his neck and asked, "Is there anything else you wanted to alter?" 

Laughing at himself for what he was about to say, he decided there was no going back now. "Honestly... I'd really love a bigger cock." 

As she kissed him sweetly on the cheek, she replied, "That's nothing to be embarrassed about. I mean, seriously, how many guys would've made that wish first thing out of the gate?" 

Nodding in agreement, he said, "I guess that makes sense. Ok, let's see... I'm currently about an inch wide, maybe 4.75 inches long, right? Let's increase the girth to just below two inches wide. For the length, how about five inches when soft, seven inches erect? Would that feel good for you, or would it be too big?" 

Her eyes glazed over lustfully, before she snapped back to reality. "Sorry, I was just... ahem... picturing it for a moment. No, those dimensions would be absolutely perfect for me. You ready?" 

Glancing down at his best friend in the world, Mike said, "Hold on to your hat, little buddy." He nodded to Melody. 

Tingle. Flash. 

Mike's eyes immediately widened, examining the high-caliber weapon he was now packing. Gently tilting it in all directions, he could see that his balls had increased proportionally as well. Melody chimed in, "I did take the liberty of shaping it slightly differently as well. The slight upward curve should hit my g-spot perfectly." A wicked grin spread across her face. "When do we get to take a test drive?" 

Laughing to himself, he moved to his rack of shirts. "After lunch," he said, slapping her on the ass playfully. After slipping into a black dress shirt and tan khakis, he put on his brown loafers, took Melody's hand, and asked her, "Ready to really go out into the world?" 

As she nodded excitedly, the left the apartment, heading to his CR-V. Once in the car, it took quite a few minutes before they were able to drive away. Much like her first meal and her first video game, Melody was excitable and curious about every little button and switch in the entire car. After she had played around enough to satisfy herself, Mike cranked up the engine and they began the drive to his church. 

Along the twenty-minute drive to Woodlane United Methodist, Mike began to wonder more about Melody's powers. He asked, "So, I get that most wishes you are able to grant have to be erotic in some way shape or form. You did mention, though, that your powers of protection and privacy have very few limits. What sorts of things are you able to protect us from?" 

"Virtually anything," she responded. "It doesn't matter if it's a freak accident, a wild animal, or another person attacking us. I have full authorization to use any and all means necessary to protect my master and myself. For example, if the wire holding that traffic signal ahead of us decided to suddenly snap, falling on our car in such a way that would normally kill us, we would certainly survive." 

"How?" 

"There are several options available. First, I would likely slow down time as much as I am able to upon detecting danger. The most desirable outcome would likely be me grabbing the wheel of the car to swerve into another lane, avoiding the signal altogether. However, if this was not an option, perhaps if there were cars all around us who would be hurt by this action, there might not be an option available to avoid the lights completely. In that scenario, they would hit and damage the car in exactly the way you would expect, except that we would walk away completely unharmed. I would likely add some temporary cuts and bruises to lower suspicion, making it easily plausible that we escaped by good fortune alone." 

Mike was awestruck. "Wow. You can affect time?" 

Grinning she responded, "To an extent, yes. I can't stop time; no creature that I am aware of is powerful enough to do that. However, I can slow it down drastically, as long as it is for the purposes of love, protection, or privacy." 

Thinking for a moment, he then said, "Ok, how about a more extreme scenario? Let's say we were walking down a sidewalk, when a murder walks up behind us, no warning whatsoever, and stabs me in the back, directly hitting my heart. What would happen then?" 

Thinking for a moment, she responded, "First of all, there would certainly be warning in that scenario. I am able to read people's thoughts to some extent, particularly on something they may be acting on in that moment. In addition, my protection powers would allow me to sense that a threat was approaching, resulting in us being able to prepare to fend off the attack, or disappear to a safer location. 

"If, however, the attacker somehow managed to completely surprise us and stab you in the manner you described, I would again slow time. Even if he stabbed you in the heart, the human body does not lose all life for several seconds. All I would need is an instant to completely heal your wound. After that, it would merely be a matter of constructing a believable story for the aftermath of the situation. I would likely subdue the attacker so that he could do you no further harm, and I would alter his memories to make him believe that he couldn't stab you squarely, with his knife getting caught on your jacket, or something similar to that. This would fall under the powers of anonymity and privacy, preventing suspicion from being raised by you surviving a fatal stabbing." 

Slowing time? Altering memories? Holy shit... 

Mike now knew he had made the right decision to keep Melody around. It terrified him to think of what might happen if the wrong person had gained control of such abilities. 

Melody's face turned more serious. "Mike, there is one other ability my powers afford me. Do you remember, when we first met yesterday, your concern for what would happen to you 'once your number was up' and you had to answer for your decisions in life?" 

Nodding, he responded, "How could I forget?" 

"Well," she continued, "There is nothing that says your number has to come up. My powers can keep you safe and healthy from anything, even a death of natural causes." She rubbed his knee softly. "We can, for all practical purposes, live forever."  

Mike pondered this revelation for several moments. "I honestly don't know if that's something I want. As great as it sounds, it stands in direct contrast to everything my faith has taught me." 
