 "Melody, you almost finished packing?" Mike asked. 

"Yep! All set!" she replied, carrying a backpack and rolling suitcase. 

As they prepared to begin the long drive to Orange Beach, Mike was treated to the sight of Melody in a sexy, summer travel outfit. She wore a plain white tank top with spaghetti straps, her cleavage barely contained within it. As his eyes traveled further south, her cutoff daisy dukes and flip-flops were playful and tantalizing; she wore her shorts low on her hips, baring a bit of her midriff and slightly exposing the top of her thong rising above her glorious ass. A pair of stylish sunglasses rested on top of her head, and her gorgeous red hair, still in its longer length, was wrapped tightly into a beautiful single braid. 

"Damn... I love warm weather," Mike said. 

Giggling, she replied, "Just wait 'til you see what I got in my bag." 

As he finished packing his bag, Mike suddenly remembered something he had forgotten. "Oh! Can't forget the sunblock. I turn into a lobster otherwise..." 

"You know that's unnecessary, right?" Melody asked. 

"Really?" 

"Yep. Keeping you healthy from all harmful diseases and ailments includes sunburn and protection from ultraviolet radiation," she said with a smile. 

"Well then, let's get the hell outta here," he said, zipping up his suitcase. 

Stepping outside to a perfectly sunny mid-June day, the couple threw their bags into Mike's CR-V and began the long drive south. Along the way, the traffic was lighter than usual, however, Mike suspected that would change the closer they came to the coast. Their drive was accompanied by mash-ups of Mike's favorite playlists, spanning all of his favorite styles: country, classical, jazz, and movie soundtracks. After three hours, they took a break for lunch at a Wendy's before continuing the journey. As they got back onto the interstate, Melody started getting friskier, playfully running her fingers on Mike's leg and through his hair occasionally. Eventually deciding to have some fun, she unbuckled her seat belt and leaned over to him, unzipping the fly of his khaki shorts carefully. 

"Wha... what are you doing?" Mike protested. 

Giggling, she replied innocently, "If you must know, I am TRYING to suck your cock." 

"Seriously, Melody. That's extremely dangerous while I'm driving." 

"Then don't drive. Let go of the wheel, and take your foot off the gas. My protection powers will do the rest." 

Hesitating, he asked, "Are you sure?" 

"Positive," she whispered seductively into his ear. "Trust me." 

Slowly, Mike took his foot off of the gas pedal, and found that the car safely maintained its speed. He took his hands off the wheel, and saw that it still turned slightly on its own, making slight corrections as if he were still driving. Now feeling much more at ease, he leaned over and kissed Melody for several long seconds, which was a strange feeling with the car in motion. 

"What if a cop sees us?" 

"They won't. We are protected by my anonymity powers, to ensure they don't see the car driving itself, or what I'm doing to you," Melody replied. 

Relaxing himself completely, Mike sat back in his seat as Melody finished unzipping his fly, gently pulling out his hardening cock. She flipped her long, braided hair to one side, driving him wild with lust and giving Mike a perfect view of her work. Keeping his cock pointed straight up with one hand, she slowly began to work his tip with her lips and tongue. As she swirled her tongue, she started taking more of his length into her mouth, up to about five inches. Settling in at that depth, she masterfully sucked his member using a moderate pace with an enormous amount of suction. Occasionally, she held him still in her mouth while moaning, the vibrations of her muffled voice only arousing him further. 

Mike was in heaven. He had the most beautiful creature in the universe spoiling him with every guy's fantasy, and he didn't even have to power through it to concentrate on driving. As he enjoyed the scenery of south Alabama, he noticed a pickup truck moving around them to pass. Seeing that the truck was high enough that the occupants would be able to see everything that was going on, Mike decided to warn Melody, just to be safe. 

"There's a truck about to pass us, and I think it's tall enough for them to see in here." 

Just put your hand on the steering wheel and pretend you're driving. I can prevent them from seeing what I'm doing to you, but... would it be ok if we allowed them to see the show? She asked seductively. I do not sense any danger in doing so. 

Thinking momentarily, Mike decided, "Why not?" 

Melody redoubled her efforts as the truck approached. As it pulled alongside, Mike could definitely tell that it was high enough to see directly into the cab of his CR-V. Playing it cool, he pretended to drive as Melody suggested, and glanced to his side casually. As he did so, he caught sight of the passenger in the truck beside them: a girl, maybe his age, almost as beautiful as Melody herself. She had honey-brown hair that seemed to feather out to the sides slightly, and her gorgeous locks were complemented beautifully by her tight sky-blue tank top. The girl instantly saw what was going on, and smiled with an aroused look on her face, flashing a thumbs-up as the truck began to pass. Melody looked up momentarily and smiled at the girl, winking seductively before resuming her sucking. A few playful honks from the truck's driver, and they had moved ahead of Mike. Before they drove into the distance, Mike was able to make out their rear license plate: TIL DAWN. 

By now, Mike's orgasm was fast approaching. As Melody increased the speed of her bobbing, she swirled her tongue around his cock frantically. When she felt him reach the point of no return, her pace slowed dramatically, her lips sealed tightly around him so that she could milk every drop of his seed, slowly and firmly sucking him from base to tip as he sprayed his load down her throat in ecstasy. After cleaning him up with one last suck, she gently guided his member back into his pants and zipped up his fly, patting his crotch softly after finishing. 

After catching his breath momentarily, Mike asked, "Did... you know that girl?" 

"Nope," Melody replied with a giggle. "Apparently I just love showing off just how hot for you I am." 

Resuming control of the car, Mike mused, "No complaints here." 

By this time, they were nearing the coast, encountering the increased traffic that came with the territory. Making slow, yet steady progress, they drove along the main strip running parallel to the beach, scouting out restaurants and fun things to do during their vacation. Finally, the couple arrived at their destination: a small complex of townhouses right off the beach. 

"Oh, wow! These look really nice," Melody marveled. 

"Yep. I'm glad Mom's friend offered their place to us; this'll be much more intimate and fun than a hotel room," Mike agreed. 

Walking up the steps and unlocking the front door, they stepped into the cozy, two-bedroom townhouse. Exploring the home, they found it to be wonderfully furnished with updated appliances and marble flooring. One of the counters in the kitchen contained an outlet for iPod hookups, which connected to a speaker system that could play throughout the entire house. Looking out the kitchen window, they could easily see the communal swimming pool that the ten townhouses shared. However, the owners of this house had installed their own personal hot tub on the outside deck; Melody grinned mischievously upon realizing that it was positioned on the deck with privacy in mind. 

The upstairs was much more intimate than the open floor plan of the main level, being carpeted with a simple, L-shaped hallway leading to each of the two bedrooms, as well as the guest bathroom. The pair entered the master bedroom, finding a king-sized bed and the attached master bath. The room was decorated in a variety of framed seashells and other nautical items. As Melody immediately went to relieve herself in the restroom, Mike walked through a pair of curtained doors leading to a small outside deck. Checking his phone's compass app, he could tell that it faced west. 

Perfect, he thought with a grin. 

Though Jane had insisted they eat out to their hearts' content, Mike and Melody were determined to eat at home at least a few times during their stay. After unpacking their bags, Mike checked his phone for coupons to various places nearby. As it neared dinnertime, they used a buy-one-get-one coupon to get a couple of pizzas from Papa John's, eating part of the first pizza for dinner that night; the leftovers would feed them for lunch for the next couple of days. As they ate, they watched Goldfinger on the fifty-inch flat screen TV in the main living room. Melody's first reaction to young Sean Connery as James Bond was quite predictable. 

"He's hot..." 

"Yeah, all you gals say that about him," Mike said, rolling his eyes. 

Giggling, she replied, "Still, he's got nothing on you." 

After finishing the movie, Melody suggested they go for a relaxing, evening swim, to which Mike excitedly agreed. He changed into a pair of navy blue swim trunks, while Melody emerged from the restroom in a shamrock green halter-top bikini. It was a bit more modest than Mike expected, but still gorgeous nonetheless. Melody assured him that she had far skimpier swimsuits for the rest of the week. 

As they made their way out to the pool at the back of the small complex, the couple was pleased to find that they had the water to themselves. Though the sun had long gone down, the June air was still quite hot, and the cool water of the swimming pool felt wonderful as they entered through the steps in the shallow end. Melody was particularly enjoying the experience, as she had never been swimming before. Despite this, she was a very capable swimmer, floating around the pool with little effort; it came very naturally to her. 

After swimming around separately for a few minutes, the pair met back up in the middle of the pool, continuing to swim while never breaking contact with each other. They kissed tenderly at every opportunity, hugging and embracing every time they reached a wall. Soon, their playful kisses turned into full-blown make out sessions, Melody fondling Mike's package all the while. Breaking their kiss momentarily, Mike decided to ensure they had all the time they wanted. 

"I wish for nobody to come to the pool area until after we've left." 

Tingle. Flash. 

"Done. There is now a temporary magical barrier around the pool area that will cause anyone who approaches to temporarily forget where there were going," Melody replied. 

"Nice," Mike replied with a grin. "Can you also make sure we don't... contaminate the pool? Wouldn't want to be rude or anything." 

"Of course," she responded with a seductive grin. 

Making their way back to the shallow end, Melody sat on the entry stairs while Mike floated over her, taking her in his arms and kissing her lovingly. As she wrapped her arms around his neck, he slid his hands higher, undoing the bow of her halter-top. Breaking from her lips, he moved lower, kissing her neck and shoulders before peeling off the straps of her bikini top, revealing her perfect breasts. Though he had gazed on them many times before, the sight of her pale, pink nipples being lightly splashed by the pool water was unbelievably erotic. After untying the chest strap of her top, it was finally off completely, tossed aside onto the pool deck. 

Continuing to move his kisses southward, Mike now focused his attention on her milky white globes, floating on the water's surface. Taking one into his mouth gently, he began to stimulate her nipple with his tongue, slowly increasing the speed and forcefulness of his licks as she cooed in approval. After a couple of minutes, he then turned to her other breast, repeating the process all over again. By the time he was done, Melody was moaning in pure pleasure. Knowing she was close to orgasm, Mike redoubled his efforts, returning to her left breast while continuing to stimulate her right with his hand and fingers. As her moans turned into breathless gasps, Melody grabbed onto the aluminum handrail attached to the steps. Mike increased his stimulation, causing her to buck and splash uncontrollably, finally bringing her to her long-awaited orgasm. Riding out the spasms and moaning in ecstasy, she finally collapsed, relaxing back on the steps as she panted and heaved, just trying to catch her breath. Mike watched her with a huge smile on his face all the while, enjoying the rise and fall of her glorious tits as her breathing slowly returned to normal. 

Mike leaned over her to kiss her lovingly, whispering as they parted, "You ready for more?" 

"Yes, please," she replied in anticipation. 

"Good," Mike continued with a wicked grin on his face. 

Studying his face momentarily, Melody said, "You're thinking something, aren't you?" 

Nodding, he stated, "I wish to make love to you underwater." 

Melody's eyes lit up at this prospect, excited by Mike's creative wish. She stood, taking his hand in hers, and began to make her way towards the deep end. As they slowly walked, she turned to face him, walking backwards with a seductive look on her face as she led him deeper. Reaching the eight-foot section, they could no longer stand, so Melody led them to the nearest wall, and began to explain the specifics of Mike's wish to him. 

"While we're underwater, just breathe normally; I'll take care of the rest. Also, I will decrease our natural buoyancy, to make it easier for us to remain close enough for sex while underwater, although we can still swim around as we please. How does that sound?" 

Kissing her sweetly, he replied, "Absolutely perfect." 

Tingle. Flash. "Done." 

Together, they swam out to the deepest part of the pool at twelve feet deep, gazing into each other's eyes with lust and anticipation. After treading water momentarily, Melody slowly slipped below the surface, grinning seductively all the while. Mike followed quickly, instinctively holding his breath as he floated down to the floor of the pool. Once he was underwater, however, he immediately noticed the effects of his wish. He could breathe completely naturally, feeling as if he had his own personal pocket of air around his mouth and nose. It was a very strange, yet fun sensation. Additionally, his vision underwater wasn't blurry in the least, being able to easily make out Melody's stunning body. 

As he stood on the floor of the pool, he could immediately feel that he didn't have to work to keep his feet planted on the ground; it was almost as if gravity had increased slightly. Approaching Melody, her gorgeous red hair floated all around her, reminding him of Ariel from The Little Mermaid. She smiled as he wrapped her in his arms, squishing her exposed breasts against his chest. They simply gazed into each other's eyes for several minutes, together taking in the ethereal sensations of this new environment. 

As Mike looked around the pool, Melody drew close and began to softly kiss his neck, causing his eyes to flutter closed, a blissful look on his face. Moving her hands lower as she kissed him, she began to slip his trunks down, kneeling slightly to complete the job, since there wasn't the usual gravity to help. After Mike stepped out of them, Melody tossed them aside, letting them float back to the surface. As she stood, she gave his hardening cock a couple of gentle strokes to bring him to full attention. 

Mike again wrapped her in a loving embrace, moving his hands down to her bikini bottoms. Aiming for the knots on either side of her waist, he expertly unraveled them, allowing the green material to join his trunks on the water's surface. Mike spent the next few minutes fingering Melody to ensure she was properly lubricated for him. Gazing at him seductively, she allowed herself normal buoyancy to float up slightly and wrap her legs around Mike's waist. 

As she held his shoulders securely, Mike slowly guided her onto his thick shaft, beginning to thrust into her. Her lightness in the water made it very easy for him to pump at a leisurely pace, never tiring from holding her up. A moment later, he thrust his cock completely into her, holding himself deep inside her pussy as she gaped in pleasure. He continued his moderate strokes for several minutes more before withdrawing, kissing Melody as he exited. Deciding to have a little more fun with her powers in this environment, Mike placed her back on the floor of the pool before floating up a bit, about halfway between the floor and the surface. 

Melody joined him as they swam leisurely around the deep end, kissing each other at every opportunity. Soon, they ended up face-to-face, Mike floating above Melody as if they were lying in bed missionary-style. He kissed her lovingly before flicking her clit with his fingers, causing her to squirm in anticipation of the reintroduction of his cock. 

Hold us here, he thought to her, trusting her to know what he meant. 

Tingle. Flash. 

Instantly, their floating became far less random, as if they actually were lying together on a bed. Moving into position over her, Mike took Melody's cheek in his hand as he slid his cock back into her tunnel. Resuming his moderate thrusts, their lovemaking was accompanied by plentiful kissing, stroking, and fondling. Mike would occasionally squeeze her breasts, which usually brought about a playful pinch of his ass in retaliation. The sensation of having sex with this incredible woman while floating underwater, never needing to surface for air, was one of the most amazing feelings imaginable. 

Before long, their mutual thoughts of the incredible environment they were in brought them close to a massive orgasm. Mike increased the speed of his thrusts, continuing to stimulate Melody's nipples as he did so. She threw her head back in ecstasy, her deep red hair floating beautifully all around. Finally pounding his final ten strokes into her, the couple wordlessly climaxed together, gripping each other tightly, as there was nothing else around for them to grab onto. They held each other for several minutes more before finally surfacing. 

"Holy shit! That was incredible!" Melody exclaimed as she broke the water. 

"Uh huh," Mike panted, catching his breath. "I just can't believe I actually thought of that. Good thing, huh?" 

Treading water close to him with a look of extreme desire and affection on her face, Melody giggled and replied, "Well I'm not surprised at all. Have I not said that you are a fun and creative master?" 

"I seem to recall you saying that once or twice," he shot back with his smartass grin. 

Collecting their swimsuits, the couple redressed themselves in the shallow end before exiting the pool. They dried each other off, and then began the short walk back to the house. Arriving home, the pair was quite worn out from their swim, and watched a Seinfeld rerun in bed before dozing off in each other's arms. 

The next morning, the pair awoke around 8:00, wanting to get in a few hours on the beach before returning to the house for lunch. Before dressing for the beach, however, Mike took Melody to a family owned restaurant called Café Beignet. The owners originally hailed from New Orleans, and brought their signature pastries to Orange Beach. They were immensely enjoyed by Melody, who described them as "easily one of the tastiest foods imaginable." By the end of the meal, both of their faces were completely covered in powdered sugar. 

Returning back to the townhouse, Mike changed into his army green swim trunks and a short-sleeved button up shirt. Deciding to leave the shirt unbuttoned for the walk to the beach, Melody whistled her approval, running her hands up his strong chest as she playfully inspected his beach look. Mike whimpered pitifully upon seeing that Melody had already put on a cover-up. Though it was quite sexy, being a flowing sundress made of pink, flowery fabric, he knew the glorious treasure that it concealed. Giggling seductively, she lightly kissed him before they grabbed their towels, chairs, and sunglasses for the beach. 
