 Ch. 11 song titles

Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring (Bach)

Prince of Denmark's March (Clarke)

Wedding March (Mendelssohn)

Heartbeat (Carrie Underwood)

An Unforgettable Melody Ch. 11

Ashley's words of wisdom turned out to be some of the best advice Mike and Melody could have ever received. Though they made little progress in learning more about Melody's dreams, they took the mindset of not letting it take over their lives. Rather, they enjoyed every moment of their engagement and savored it as the once-in-a-lifetime experience that it was meant to be.

Realizing that, by any measure, their relationship thus far had progressed extremely quickly, the couple decided that they wanted to be engaged for nearly a year before getting married, booking the church for the first of June the following year. Melody took great pleasure in planning out every detail of the wedding, at least the ones she cared about. She found out very quickly that there were elements that she had very specific ideas about, such as the photos and reception, but other parts of the wedding were not high on her priority list, like the flowers and rehearsal dinner.

For those elements, Jane relished in helping with the planning process, booking a beautiful collection of flower arrangements that would be used the next day for the church service. She also reserved the pool house of one of her oldest friends from her own church, seeing it as the perfect place to serve barbeque for the rehearsal dinner. Melody, on the other hand, got to work on finding a caterer for the dessert reception she had decided on. The photos, naturally, would be handled by Evelyn, and would be guaranteed to be better than anything a hired photographer could possibly provide.

With the venue booked, the next step would be organizing the wedding party for both the bride and groom. Mike, naturally, chose his four male cousins, ranging in age from sixteen to thirty-one. Additionally, he picked Stuart as his Best Man, knowing he'd put together the perfect bachelor party that even Mike's sixteen year-old cousin could participate in fully. As for Melody, Darcy was the obvious pick for the Maid of Honor, with four of her friends from Ashley's bible study classes agreeing to be her bridesmaids. Finally, the couple personally asked Sasha Johnson to be the flower girl at the ceremony. After an ear-splitting scream, the girl spent the next twenty minutes bouncing around their apartment excitedly, much to her mother's amusement and brother's annoyance.

As the wedding plans progressed, summer gradually turned into fall, bringing about Mike's favorite time of year: college football season. Melody's first experience at an Auburn football game was quite overwhelming for her, though still a lot of fun. She experienced all of the school traditions before the game, toured the music buildings where Mike studied, and met a few of his former professors, all of whom had embarrassing stories about Mike to tell her. Picking up on the rules of football very quickly, she was able to discuss strategies and tactics with Mike and Brad quite naturally, much to their pleasant surprise.

Soon, Mike's early October birthday arrived. In probably the best surprise gift he had received in a long time, Melody gave him a brand new PlayStation 4, complete with the new Star Wars: Battlefront game. Mike at first insisted that Melody had spent too much, but she paid him no mind, as she knew she had properly saved for his gift for two months previous. She also reminded him that both of them would surely benefit from the gift. The couple soon began their online domination of the game, quickly becoming very good. Melody, in accordance with her Call of Duty skills, was a monster in ground combat missions, while Mike turned out to be a natural in the air combat levels.

Melody took particular joy in discovering the joys of Halloween. Attending Stuart's party, they decided on a couple's costume of Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia. Melody, of course, opted for Leia's slave costume from Return of the Jedi and the pair easily won the costume contest, edging Stuart and Darcy's costumes of Mario and Princess Peach. Mike, however, took home the real prize: the mind-blowing fuck session that followed the party, costume and all.

The end of the year brought several family gatherings for the pair. Melody met Jane's side of the family at Thanksgiving, which consisted of Jane's mother and three brothers. Mike's only cousin on his mom's side, Bonnie, was unable to come due to being eight months pregnant with her first child. Melody enjoyed meeting the family members, and connected very well with Mike's grandmother, reminiscing with her about her husband, Harry. She came away with Grandmommy's seal of approval, dubbing her a "darling young lady."

As Christmas approached, the pair decided not to buy a large amount of gifts for each other, and instead put the money they would have spent into savings for their first home down the road. With time off from work at the ASO and Evelyn handling photography work for the holiday season, they spent the week leading up to Christmas together, relaxing at home away from people before the next round of family gatherings began. During this time, Melody got to experience her first snowfall, which she took in with her usual child-like wonder and excitement. Additionally, she and Sasha made a deadly combination in snowball fights, as it took everything Mike and Tyler had just to defend themselves from their onslaught.

Two days before Christmas, the couple excitedly went to the premier of the most hotly anticipated movie of the year, Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Mike was instantly a fan of the new hero, Rey, and loved watching the strong female lead becoming the new Jedi in training. Melody's favorite character was Maz; she hoped the old gal would become the new Yoda to Rey. Watching the film's climax, both Mike and Melody cried out in shock at seeing Han Solo struck down by his own son. As the credits rolled, they agreed that it was better than the prequel trilogy and brilliantly set the director up to branch out into new and creative directions for the follow-up films.

After an intimate Christmas Eve together, they met up with Jane and Brad on Christmas Day, exchanging gifts with them before traveling up to Hilton Head for the Braxton family gathering. The three-day trip was an enjoyable one for them, if a bit overwhelming for Melody, as Brad's side of the family was quite large; by Mike's count, Melody would bring the total to thirty-one members. Mike spent a large amount of time with his guy cousins, getting razzed for being the first of them to experience "The Final Game Over," as they called it. Despite their hazing, they were all genuinely excited for him. Of Mike's four female cousins, two were older than Melody and two were younger. The younger ones were fun, both being college sophomores, but were a tad immature for Melody's taste. His older cousins, however, hit it off with Melody very well, both being women of strong faith and character. As they each had two children of their own, Melody quickly found herself aspiring to be like them in a few years.

As the new year began, the couple resumed their counseling sessions with Ashley, studying the Book of Isaiah as best as they were able to. Despite Ashley's insights from the ministerial side of things, they were still unable to make any sort of connection as to why Melody's dreams would be triggered by scripture associated with a Biblical prophet. However, since the dream did not escalate in intensity and did not seem to depict either Mike or Melody, their fears of what it could mean diminished somewhat. By the end of the counseling sessions, they concluded that this mystery was something that only time could solve, and resolved to simply live their lives, not being controlled by something clearly out of their hands. This helped to calm Mike and Melody immensely in the months leading up to their wedding.

When the time finally came for the bachelor and bachelorette parties, Stuart and Darcy were well prepared. For Mike, Stuart put together a night of gaming, starting with laser tag and a huge arcade, followed by a marathon of Call of Duty and Super Smash Bros. that lasted long into the night. Mike was particularly appreciative that Stuart had worked to ensure that everything was appropriate for his youngest cousin to fully participate. Darcy put together a relaxing spa day for Melody and her bridesmaids, starting out with hot stone massages and some time in the sauna, and finishing with dinner at The Melting Pot. By the time the big day had finally arrived, both Mike and Melody were relaxed, refreshed, and ready for anything.

As Mike stood in front of the mirror, making some final adjustments to his navy blue vest and tie, he heard a knock on the door of the Sunday school classroom. "Come on in," he replied.

Stuart entered, shaking Mike's hand firmly. "You ready for this, man?" he asked with a huge smile on his face.

"Completely," he said. "How's Melody?" She had insisted Mike not be able to see her until she walked down the isle that day.

"Doin' ok, Darcy said she had the standard nerves. Thankfully, her sandwich helped calm her down," Stuart replied.

Taking a deep breath, Mike said, "Alright... let's do this."

Gathering with his cousins outside the sanctuary, Mike heard the sounds of Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring from within and saw his mother and grandmother being escorted to their seats. Once they were in place, he led the way for the groomsmen, filing into the sanctuary from the side entrance to stand to the right of the pulpit. Mike was pleased with the size of the wedding; both he and Melody wanted a rather intimate wedding, inviting only around eighty guests, mostly family and close friends of his parents. As the gentlemen arrived, Melody's bridesmaids began their walks down the aisle, one-by-one. Finally, Darcy herself made her way to the altar, clad in a gorgeous navy blue dress.

From behind Mike, Stuart whispered, "I'm definitely goin' home with the hottest bridesmaid tonight," prompting a muffled laugh from Mike.

As the soothing music reached its final strain, there were several "oohs" and "awws" as Sasha entered the sanctuary. She wore a simple white dress with a navy blue sash tied around her waist, perfectly matching the bridesmaid dresses and groomsmen ties. The girl had been practicing for weeks, proudly scattering flower petals all across the aisle and smiling to Sandra as she passed their seat.

The wedding party now assembled, Ray Velazquez stood next to the organist and began an extended fanfare for Melody's arrival. As the doors at the back of the sanctuary slowly opened, Mike was left completely breathless at the sight of her. She had grown her deep red hair long again, down to about the small of her back, and had beautifully styled it into a wavy fashion. Her strapless wedding dress was absolutely stunning, accentuating her every curve before tapering down to a mermaid tail at the bottom. Completing the ensemble was her favorite gold locket, dangling from her neck and resting perfectly between her breasts.

As Ray started into the Prince of Denmark's March, Melody began her slow walk down the aisle, beaming and savoring every moment. She stopped twice along the way, first to hug Sandra, and second to hug Jane. She had told Mike that she would be doing this, as the two women were the only mother figures she had ever known, and she wanted to make sure they knew how great an impact they had made on her. Finally, she reached the pulpit, smiling at Mike as she made her way up the steps to stand at his side. While Darcy quickly made a few adjustments to the train of Melody's dress, Ashley welcomed everyone and began the ceremony.

"Dearly beloved, we are gathered here together in the sight of God to bear witness to the union of Melody Roberts and Mike Braxton..." she said, beginning her opening prayer.

"You like?" Melody whispered in the meantime, smiling.

"You... are the most gorgeous woman in the world," he replied softly.

Giggling, she said, "Just wait 'til you see what I've got on underneath..."

Pushing the tantalizing images from his mind, Mike took Melody's hand as they turned to face Ashley. She had finished her opening prayer and now began a short homily.

"As most of you know, I have known Mike for almost my entire life. He has always been a man of outstanding character, and my only wish was for him to find a companion that deepened and enhanced him both mentally and spiritually. Enter Melody Roberts. Though I have only known her for a little over a year, sharing in her faith journey has truly been one of the most rewarding experiences of my career. She grew up in a situation that was severely lacking in faith, hope, and love, yet still matured into one of the most faithful, hopeful, and loving people I've ever had the pleasure of knowing.

"I remember two months ago, when she finished her studies and preparations and finally joined the Methodist Church, devoting herself to God. The smile on her face was absolutely radiant, and it was obvious to anyone present how much joy her journey had brought her. Mike and Melody are everything God wants and hopes for in all marriages. Their devotion and care for each other, as well as the world around them, is one of the most admirable things I have ever witnessed.

"Make no mistake, however, that nothing is perfect. They will encounter difficulties and challenges in their life together, as will we all. With their partnership, though, nothing could ever hope to splinter apart the home and family they will build. After meeting with them over the course of the last year, learning more about them personally, and understanding their joint goals for their marriage, I can honestly say that they are meant to be together, and the world is a much better place for it."

Mike smiled and squeezed Melody's hand tightly, who was close to tears. To hear such an impassioned endorsement of their marriage from Mike's oldest friend and Melody's most trusted confidant was the final brick solidifying their confidence; they now had no doubt that God was pleased and very happy with their union.

"Mike, Melody, if you will face each other and join hands," Ashley said. As they did so, she addressed the congregation, saying, "Mike and Melody have chosen to write their own vows for their marriage. Mike."

Taking a deep breath, Mike started, "Melody, you are the greatest thing to ever happen to me. You have changed my life and made it better in every conceivable way, and you deserve all the love that I have to give. I promise to love you unconditionally until the end of time, to always look into your eyes as I do today, to never take you or your love for granted, and to ensure that you are always safe and healthy."

Beaming with her trademark megawatt smile, Melody's voice cracked slightly as she began to speak. "Mike, you truly are... the most amazing man I've ever known. Already, you have shown me more love and kindness than I thought I would ever experience. I do not want to live a single day without you. I promise to be your faithful and loving wife, your partner in crime, and your unstoppable gaming partner." The congregation and wedding party laughed as she spoke of their well-known love of video games. "But even more, I promise to be the dedicated, equal partner that you have always sought, and which you so deserve. You and me, forever."

As they finished, Ashley took the rings from Darcy and Stuart, saying, "The rings the couple will exchange today are a symbol of their commitment to each other. The ring is infinite; it has no end and cannot be easily broken. May their union be as strong and unending as the rings they now present to each other."

Mike took Melody's ring in his hand, momentarily glancing at the white gold band, curved slightly to fit with her engagement ring. A small strip of diamonds accentuated the curve, covering the top third of the band. Taking her hand, Mike placed the ring on her finger, reciting, "Melody, I take you to be my wife. With this ring, I give you all that I have, and all that I am. My body, mind, and soul are yours."

Melody then took Mike's ring, a yellow gold band with small rings of filigree on each of the edges. Placing the ring on his finger, she repeated, "Mike, I take you to be my husband. With this ring, I give you all that I have, and all that I am. My body, mind, and soul are yours."

As Maestro Spano stepped up to the music stand next to the organ, he began to sing The Lord's Prayer. During the song, Mike and Melody stepped up to the area next to the pulpit where the Unity Candle was placed. Taking each of the single candles on the sides, they simultaneously brought them together at the large, center candle, lighting it to signify that they had formed one family together. As they stood at the candles, listening to the solo, Melody whispered, "I had no idea he could sing too!"

Chuckling, Mike replied, "The Maestro is a man of many talents. If he weren't such a fantastic conductor, he'd probably be a member of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir."

After the song ended, the couple returned to the altar, facing each other. Ashley then began the conclusion of the service, addressing the congregation. "With the exchanging of vows, the giving of rings, and the lighting of the unity candle, these two have now devoted their lives to each other. Their union is now blessed and holy in the sight of God. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, I now pronounce them to be man and wife. Mike, you may now kiss the bride."

Mike smiled as he lifted the veil covering Melody's gorgeous face. Cupping her cheeks in his hand, he drew her in and felt her arms wrap around his back. Their kiss was loving, full of meaning and purpose. As they parted, Ashley stated, "Ladies and gentlemen, I now present to you Mike and Melody Braxton. No longer two, but one flesh. That which God has joined together, let no man put asunder."

As the crowd rose in applause, the organ began playing Mendelssohn's Wedding March with Ray providing the opening fanfare on trumpet. Melody linked her arm in Mike's as they began their exit down the aisle of the sanctuary, waving and smiling to family members as they went. Finally exiting out the back door of the sanctuary, they immediately adjourned to a nearby classroom, closing the door and locking it. Ashley, Darcy, and Stuart knew exactly their plan: to take five minutes alone so they could breathe and absorb the situation together. In the meantime, the trio helped organize the family members for group pictures once the couple returned.

Collapsing into each other's arms in exhausted joy and laughter, Melody whispered to Mike, "We finally did it..."

"Couldn't have gone better if I had wished for it to," he said, kissing her forehead gently.

After a few more minutes of embracing and kissing, the newlyweds reentered the sanctuary. The photography session went quite smoothly, taking only twenty minutes to get all the family group photos that Mike and Melody wanted. Evelyn was brilliant as well, calling out directions and assignments like a drill sergeant and snapping each photo the moment the group was ready. Finally, after the last click of the camera, the remnants of the congregation exited to the fellowship hall for the beginning of the reception. Once everyone was inside, Mike and Melody made their grand entrance, with Stuart and the ASO brass playing War Eagle and the Cougar Fight Song, in honor of the couple's colleges, Auburn and Houston.

As the crowd cheered, the couple made their way to what would be the dance floor, and their first dance began. The congregation was mesmerized as they lovingly swayed to the sounds of Carrie Underwood's Heartbeat. To Mike and Melody, though, there was no one else in the world.
