 "Hello, Mike," she said with a smile. 

"Selena!?" 

He stood slack jawed for several seconds, unsure of if this was really happening or not. 

"Mike? Everything ok?" Melody called. Walking up behind him, she asked surprisingly, "Oh, who's this? Do you two... know each other?" 

"Yeah..." Mike replied. "This is Selena. She's... she's the one who gave me the locket." 

"May I come in?" Selena asked. "I brought your breakfast." 

"Uh, sure," Mike said, still working to comprehend the situation. 

As Selena pushed a rolling cart holding their pancakes into the room, she took a seat in the rolling chair sitting at the small desk against the wall. Melody immediately began eating her food, but Mike continued to eye Selena warily; until he knew her purpose for being here, he wasn't letting his guard down for a moment. 

"Congratulations to the happy couple," Selena began. 

"Thank you," Melody said, her voice muffled by a bite of pancakes. 

"Let's get the obvious out of the way first. What the hell are you doing here?" Mike inquired. 

"You are confused, which is only natural. Do not worry, I will explain everything." 

"Mike says you're the one who gave him the locket. Is that true? Did you know about me when you gave it to him?" Melody asked. 

"Of course," she replied simply. "It is quite a long story, but suffice to say that I know more about you than anyone, Melody." 

"If that's true," Mike mused, "Then wouldn't that make you a genie as well?" 

Selena smiled. "Very perceptive. I am indeed a genie, though much different than Melody." 

"So... if you're a genie... does that mean you know where I came from?" Melody inquired hesitantly. "I have no memory of my existence before being placed in my vessel. Do you know anything about that?" 

Taking a deep breath, Selena responded, "Yes, I know everything. I could tell you, but it would be much better... to show you." 

"Show us what?" Mike asked defensively. 

"I have a duty that I must fulfill," Selena began to explain. "The vision that I must impart upon the two of you is part of that duty. Once you have seen it, you will understand everything. Still, the choice is yours. Melody, do you wish to see your origins?" 

"I do," she said. 

"I must warn you," Selena cautioned, "the images you will see may be... extremely unpleasant. Are you sure?" 

Melody looked at Mike for his confirmation. He shook his head, saying, "I can't answer this one for you. It's your call. I'll support you no matter what." 

After pondering for a minute, Melody finally answered, "I want to know. As long as Mike can be with me through it all, I want to see everything you have to show me." 

Nodding in understanding, Selena said, "Of course. I would never do anything to separate the two of you. If you are ready, please sit on the bed and face each other." As the newlyweds did so, Selena walked over to them and placed a hand on a shoulder of each of them. "Nothing I say can prepare you for what you are about to experience. You will see visions of pain and hardship before we are done, and I will not be able to end the vision early. Once we begin, you must see it through completely. Are you ready?" 

The couple nodded, holding hands tightly. Selena gently placed her hands on each of their foreheads. Both Mike and Melody felt a tingling sensation, similar to when Melody granted a wish, but much stronger. Soon, their eyes glazed over, and they entered a trance as the vision began... 

***** 

"Maya, I must advise against this." 

"I will be fine Lea. It is only a short walk to draw water from the well." 

The two sisters had always been close, constantly looking out for each other's wellbeing. Having settled in the town of Samaria, they each met their husbands within days of each other and were married shortly thereafter. Lea's husband, Tamir, was a kind man, who built their home next door to her sister's home at great cost to himself, all so Lea could be with her sister anytime she needed. Maya's husband, Ari, was not so kind a man. He was known for his temper, but was still highly regarded and respected among Israel's religious community. This was primarily due to his familial connections, as both his father and grandfather had been respected Rabbis, eventually being promoted to positions in the Temple of Jerusalem. Even with his family ties, most doubted that Ari would ever make it as far as his forefathers had, largely due to his aforementioned temper. 

Though they lived in Samaria, Ari would often be called away for work in Jerusalem, resulting in absences of a month or longer. Normally, under Jewish customs, Maya would have travelled with him, but Ari always specifically instructed her to remain behind. "You had best look after my house," he would always say. Being the devoted wife she was, and also due to the fear she harbored of his anger, Maya always complied with her husband's wishes. Secretly, Ari would use these trips to find comfort in the arms of many women, free from the wandering eye of his wife and sister-in-law. Lea had long suspected this, but, under Jewish law, was powerless to do anything to stop it. 

On this day, Ari was once again away, having been gone a month already. The morning previous, Maya had received a message that he would be gone longer than normal, likely another month. She tried to avoid going out alone as much as possible, as dangerous as it was for a woman to do so in the world in which they lived. Today, however, she had little other choice, as their water reservoir had run dry, and more would be needed for the additional month that her husband would be away for. Walking out to the stable, she prepared the horse and cart, loading it with empty jars for the water. 

"At least let me come with you," Lea protested. "It will be much safer if we both go." 

"Absolutely not, Lea. You are with child, and look like you could give birth any day now! You will stay inside and rest, I will draw the water," Maya said firmly. 

Sighing in defeat, Lea replied, "Very well. But please, be careful." 

"Of course," she said, hugging her sister before leading the horse toward the well at the edge of town. 

Lea returned to her sister's home to wait for her, as Tamir would not be home until late that evening. Relaxing comfortably in a simple, wooden chair, she slowly drifted off for a nap, rubbing her stomach every so often to soothe her baby. Some time later, she was awoken by the sounds of Maya's cart returning with the water. Slowly standing, she made her way out back to help her sister unload the jars from the cart. 

Holding the reins of the horse as Maya unhitched him from the cart, Lea asked, "Did you have any trouble? You were gone longer than I thought you would be." 

"No, no trouble at all," Maya said quietly, though her face indicated that something was weighing heavily on her mind. As she led the horse back to the stable, Lea saw the back of her robes; they were dirty and tattered, as if she had torn them on something. 

"My God! Maya what happened?" 

"Nothing... I... I am fine..." 

Inspecting her clothes, Lea continued, "You are certainly not fine. What happened? Did you fall? Was there an animal at the well?" 

"No, no, nothing like that," Maya replied weakly. 

Taking her hand firmly, Lea said, "You are my sister. You have never been able to lie to me, so please stop trying and tell me what happened." 

With tears welling up in her eyes, Maya finally exploded, sobbing on her sister's shoulder. "I was... violated!" she managed to scream through her tears. "On the way back... from the well. A man grabbed me, threw me into the bushes, and... and..." 

"Maya, that is terrible!" she said, hugging her tightly. "We must do something. We must tell the authorities. It is the only way to catch this man." 

"No!" Maya screamed. "If... if we tell the authorities, Ari will find out. If he finds out, he... he will be furious. I just know he will." Looking into her sister's eyes somberly, she continued, "If Ari finds out, he will blame me, and think that I was unfaithful to him, that the story of being violated is only to try to hide an infidelity from him. I know he would divorce me and leave me homeless on the streets. I know he would do it." 

As much as she wanted to convince her otherwise, Lea knew that her sister was likely correct. Once Ari had his mind set on something, there was almost nothing that could change his mind. "Very well, if it is what you wish... I will keep this a secret. No one shall know," Lea said sadly. 

"Thank you," Maya whispered. 

From that day forward, Maya continued her life as if nothing had happened, tending to her household duties without a second thought. Soon, she celebrated with Lea and Tamir at the birth of their child, a son that they named Lot. However, the more she tried to push the memories of that fateful day from her mind, the more she felt that something was not quite right. After several weeks, her worst fears were confirmed. In a panic, she asked to have her sister over so that they could converse privately. 

"Lea... something is wrong," Maya said. 

"What do you mean?" 

"My... uncleanliness. It has not happened yet. It should have come a week ago, yet it never did." 

"Maya are you saying you're..." 

"I fear so. I am pregnant," Maya choked through her tears. 

Hugging her sister tightly, Lea said, "We now have no choice. We must tell the authorities." 

"No! Please, no!" 

"Maya, what other option is there? Soon you will begin to show. You cannot hide this from Ari. Even if he beds you the moment he returns, the amount of time will not be correct. He will know something is wrong. We must come forward with this." 

"I... I can conceal it, for a time at least. When the time does draw closer, I can feign a great sickness, and stay with you, so that you can take care of me. Ari will certainly believe this, and I doubt he would want to nurse me back to health himself. Please, help me in this Lea." 

"All right..." she sighed in response. 

For the next few weeks before Ari's return, Lea helped Maya adjust her clothes in such a way that she would not appear pregnant, even as she began to show more obviously. When her husband finally returned, he was none the wiser, believing that everything was completely normal. This continued for six months, Maya successfully concealing herself, never allowing Ari to suspect that she had become pregnant. Even in the few times that they made love, Maya was able to hide her body in the dark while diverting Ari's attention elsewhere. She knew well that this was a dangerous game she was playing, but the danger increased tenfold if her husband learned of her violation. 

As she entered the sixth month of her pregnancy, Maya worked at home one afternoon, preparing the food for dinner that night. Ari entered excitedly, saying, "Prepare the best meal you can for tonight. An honored guest has agreed to dine with us: the prophet Isaiah himself!" 

"Isaiah? That is wonderful!" she agreed. As her husband took his leave to meet with the prophet, Maya began preparing the bread, fish, and assorted fruits for the meal. As evening came, Ari and Isaiah entered the house right as the food was being placed on the table. 

"Welcome to my home, wise Isaiah," Ari said. 

"Thank you, kind sir, and a wonderful home it is," the elderly man said. "And who is this lovely woman?" 

"That is Maya, my wife. Shall we eat?" 

"Yes, thank you," Isaiah said graciously. 

As they dined, Maya remained mostly silent, only speaking to offer more food to their guest or when directly spoken to. Her husband and Isaiah talked at great length about many religious and historical matters. Ari elaborated extensively on his family history and experiences traveling to Jerusalem, clearly attempting to impress Isaiah. The prophet was polite, listening intently to every word his host said, but was secretly unimpressed with the man's bravado. With the meal coming to an end, Maya began collecting the plates and taking them to the kitchen for cleaning. On her way out, however, she tripped on the foot of her stool, nearly falling to the ground. Thankfully, Isaiah was right next to her and deftly caught her in his arms. 

"Oh my, careful my dear," he said as she slowly regained her footing. As he helped to steady her, his hand casually grazed her stomach, feeling the obvious bump hiding beneath her clothes. "Ari, you did not tell me you were expecting a child! Congratulations!" 

Confused, Ari asked his wife, "Maya? You are with child? When did this happen?" Coming closer to her, he moved her robe aside and began inspecting her midsection. Now clearly seeing just how big she had grown, he glared at her, asking, "When did you conceive? Tell me the truth." 

Trembling with fear, she quietly said, "Six months ago..." 

"Six months ago? I was in JERUSALEM six months ago!" he seethed in anger. 

"Ari, please! I was violated, on the way back from the well! You must believe me!" 

"LIAR! You are a pathetic, cheating WHORE!" Ari screamed. Her impassioned pleas for understanding only increased his rage further. Unable to contain himself further, he first slapped her across the face then kicked her square in the stomach, landing her on the floor. Spitting in her face, he growled, "Get out of my house. If I EVER see you again, I shall have you stoned!" 

In fear for her life, Maya ran out into the street, wincing in pain from her husband's kick. As she sobbed on the side of the road, she suddenly felt a gentle hand resting on her shoulder. Startled, she snapped her head around to find Isaiah with her. 

"Dear girl, was what you said true?" he asked calmly. "Were you violated?" 

"I was. I swear it to be so," she said breathlessly. 

Sighing, he said, "There is nothing I can do to help you with your husband. This is his prerogative, as rash as his decision may be. Is there anyone you can stay with tonight?" 

Thinking for a moment, Maya replied, "My sister, she lives next door. Oh, but she and her husband are away." As she began to despair, the pain in her midsection suddenly began increasing drastically. "Oh no, something... is not right... I hurt..." 

Isaiah felt her stomach and placed his ear against her, listening for the sounds of the baby. "Dear God, I believe the baby is coming." 

"What?! Now?! I-It has only been six months!" 

"The stress of your husband's actions must have caused this," he mused. "It matters not how at this point. Where is your sister's house? We simply need a bed." 

As she pointed to Lea and Tamir's dwelling, Isaiah swept Maya up in his arms, showing his surprising strength in his old age. Carrying her inside, he made his way to the guest room and laid her on the bed, encouraging her to remain calm all the while. After lighting a pair of oil lamps, Isaiah rushed back to her side, allowing her to grip his hand as tightly as she needed to. 

"The... the baby is coming..." 

"I know Maya, just be strong. You can do this. God is with you. He will be your strength. Have faith, and PUSH!" 

With an agonizing wail, she pushed with all her might, refusing to give up. After what felt like ages, she finally felt the baby exit her womb and come to rest in Isaiah's arms. He grabbed the softest blanket he could find, cleaning and wrapping the tiny child with it. 

"It is a girl," he said with a smile, handing Maya her newborn. 

"A... girl..." she managed to say. 

As the two lay there, it was immediately obvious to the older man that her health was not returning to normal in the aftermath of giving birth. Additionally, the child was barely breathing at all, being born far to early to have any real chance at survival. Feeling Maya's forehead, her body grew colder and colder by the minute, seemingly confirming his worst fears. 

"Maya... I fear that you may be dying." 

"I care not... if only my daughter... can live..." 

Shaking his head, he said, "It seems that life is slipping from her as quickly as it is for you. I... I am so sorry." 

"No... no this cannot be God's will!" she cried in anguish. "Why bring her into this world only to kill her? After such a short life, containing nothing but pain and suffering? Isaiah, please tell me there is more than this. How can this be a part of God's plan?!" 

Isaiah silently bowed his head; he had no answer for her. Seeing the dejection in his face was the final straw. Maya had lost all hope. 

"NOOOOOOOOOOO!!" she screamed, her cries of pain seeming to echo to the farthest mountains and all the way up to the gates of Heaven itself. As she continued to lie there, weeping in despair, a strange sensation washed over the both of them. It was almost as though another person was there with them. 

My dear girl, you have suffered such pain, came an ethereal voice. 

"Who is there? Show yourself!" Isaiah said firmly. 

As he spoke, a figure began to materialize in front of them. It was a beautiful young woman, tall with brown skin and soft, black hair. She bowed gracefully to them in greeting. 

"Who... are you?" Maya weakly asked. "Are you God's angel?" 

"No, I am no angel. My name is Selena. I hail from the lands far to the east of here," she answered. "As you can plainly see, I am not human. Rather, I am a genie, and a member of the Water Tribe of the Jinn." 

"Be gone, strange creature," Isaiah commanded. "This poor girl is on death's doorstep, and I will not allow you to corrupt her soul in her final moments of life." 

Again bowing gracefully, Selena quietly said, "I understand your fear and apprehension, great Isaiah, for it is only natural. However, that is the very reason I am here. Maya, your cries of pain have reached all the way to the bedchambers of my master, the King Jinn of the Water Tribe. They woke him from his slumber and pierced his very soul; he feels your agony. As his most trusted vizier, he sent me here to uncover the source of the pain, and has authorized me to assist in any way my magic will allow me to." 

"And how could you possibly help her?" Isaiah asked warily. 

Slowly approaching, Selena observed, "Both mother and child are near death. As humans, my magic cannot simply heal them, as much as I wish it could; the only human capable of being instantly healed by me without an actual wish is one who is assigned to me as my master, which they are not. However... there may be another way." 

Her eyes lighting up with a glimmer of hope, Maya asked, "Can you save my daughter?" 

"I believe so, but... the solution may be potentially upsetting to you." 

"Just tell me!" Maya cried. 

"Shh, rest Maya. You need to save your strength," Isaiah cautioned. 

Slowly, Selena began to explain, "As a newborn infant, my magic is capable of healing your daughter by first transforming her into a genie. Once that has been done, restoring her to perfect health would be extremely simple. However, as a genie, she would not be able to remain amongst humans, and would have to come with me. In compensation for this, I am authorized to grant you, Maya, one wish. The wish would not be bound by normal genie rules, and would be interpreted alongside your thoughts to ensure that you are given what you truly desire, rather than your words being twisted against you." 

"Silence!" Isaiah growled, glaring at Selena. "Maya, I implore you, do not accept this offer. It is a demon's trade! It goes against all that is good and holy in the world God created. If you do this... there may be no hope for your eternal soul." 

Torn between saving her daughter and saving her soul, Maya asked, "What will become of my daughter if she goes with you?" 

Selena answered, "Her soul has the essence of a human. Even if I were to make her a genie to save her, nothing can alter that essence. Thus, she would not be a pure genie, as I am. Rather, the only purpose she could fulfill would be that of a servant genie. She would be given to a master to serve all the days of her life, able to use great and wondrous magic in the completion of her duties." 
