 Nervously she lay down on the bed. There was still a little light coming from the high windows of the richly-furnished room, but her instructions had been very clear; he would come only when it was dark, so dark that she would not be able to see even the vaguest outline of him.

She had discarded her robe at the door, and the warm breeze seemed to prefigure her lover, gently caressing her naked body. She closed her eyes, trying to simulate the darkness that would soon fall, then opened them again, willing it to be dark, as if by wishing she could quench the last glimmers of daylight.

Finally darkness fell, and deprived of sight, her other senses reached out. The faint scent of flowers; the breeze still moving gently over her bare skin; even the lingering taste of the fruit that had been her last meal before entering the domain of the one who would become her lover. Her heart leaped at every slight sound; a rustling in the leaves outside, the faint rippling of the stream.

Then the unmistakable sound of light footsteps, approaching her. Her head swam briefly; she wondered if she would be able to stop herself crying out in surprise at his touch. In a moment that came and passed almost before it had begun, she felt a gentle hand on her shoulder, resting there, not moving.

She took a deep breath, her breasts rising. The hand slowly moved down her arm, over her fingers, laced them in its own. Then she did gasp, as his other hand rested on her cheek. She turned her face and kissed the palm of his hand. His fingers moved to twine in her hair, and she sensed but could not see his face approach hers in the blackness; his lips gently touched hers.

She reached out, and her hand met his face, and she parted her lips to him and felt the kiss deepen. He released her fingers, and she felt his arm behind her back pulling her to a sitting position. His lips left hers, but she was given no time to feel disappointment as she felt the warmth of his breath, then gasped as his mouth enveloped her nipple.

She felt herself slowly suckled, then his mouth moved to her other breast, while his palm brushed the nipple he had left. She reached out and pressed his head to her breast; he responded, his mouth and tongue moving more urgently on her nipple. Then she felt his hand slide from her breast downwards, over her stomach.

She arched, and he slowly lowered her back onto the bed as she moved her legs apart. His hand continued down over her mound, then paused, withdrew. She felt the touch of a single finger on her entrance, then moving inside her a little way and withdrawing. Then she gasped at the sudden pleasure of a touch on her hard nub.

His mouth released her nipple, and she felt his lips follow the path his hand had taken. His finger slid inside her again, and she drew her legs up to give him fullest access to her most private places. She was not disappointed as she felt the unmistakable softness of his tongue on her. His other hand rested on her stomach, and she knew he felt the gathering tension in her muscles as the touch of his tongue on her brought her towards climax.

Her climax came quickly, and he drew her orgasm out with his tongue and the touch of his fingers, but finally she relaxed. He rested his head on her chest, her breath still coming in gasps. When she was once more quiet, he gently raised her to a kneeling position and she felt his body close behind her.

Then what she had most longed for, yet had not known how she would bear it; she felt his hardness against her entrance from behind. She took a breath, and waited. He reached around and cupped her breasts, then slid his full length into her soft depths.

His hands explored her body, her breasts, the continuing wetness between her legs. He continued to move in her, and she felt a change, his movements becoming more urgent, his hands not rough but reaching for her as though she might vanish. She responded to his need, pushing back against him, and finally she felt the moment of release, his seed deep inside her.

He remained in her, and began once more to gently move a finger over the still-hard nub between her legs. The combination of his hardness still filling her and his touch, sent her over the edge again and she felt the ripple of her muscles around him as her climax overtook her.

Finally he withdrew from her, and enveloped her in his arms as they lay. Not a word had been spoken, she had not had the slightest glimpse of him, yet she knew him now in a way that went beyond words and appearance.