 When he awoke, Andre found his car in the front drive filled with fuel, and his shirt folded neatly on a massive mahogany table. Andre wondered where Dahlia had gone, and how she had gotten there. He decided to spend his day exploring the enormous plantation, and trying to get to know the real Dahlia St. Romes. Everything in the house was very old, expensive antiques were precisely placed and looked like they hadn't ever been touched. Andre searched the bedrooms looking for the one which might be Dahlia's, but he could not find one. All the rooms seemed to be guest bedrooms. The house looked more like a museum than a home that somebody lived in. In fact there were no signs of life on the magnificent property.

The sun set over the plantations and as it began to hide behind the mountains Dahlia arose from her tomb.

"Did you enjoy yourself today?" Andre jumped at the sultry voice. He was surprised that he hadn't heard Dahlia come in. She looked magnificent in her elegant low cut dress. It was crimson red, and it enhanced the color of her honey skin. Her breast looked enormous in the dress, and they made Andre incredibly hard. He became aware of this and was thankful that table blocked his now gigantic erection. Dahlia however could hear the change in his blood flow and gave him a knowing grin. 

"Indeed I did. I feel I must tell you I was a bit of a snoop today." Andre said wearily. 

"Oh were you? Did you find anything interesting?" Dahlia said sitting down close to him at the table.

"Actually no, nothing. No dirty little secrets, in fact I couldn't even find your bedroom." Andre became a little unnerved letting Dahlia know he had gone searching for her room. Suddenly the room felt very hot. He watched Dahlias breast heave up and down, confined within her dress, and the warm Louisiana heat began to stifle the room. Andre began to undo the first three buttons of his shirt, as he became enchanted with Dahlia.

"Would you like to see it?" Dahlia said calmly, her green eyes burning through him. Andre licked his lips and smiled at her.

"I would like to see many things," he said as the smile faded from his face and was replaced by pure lechery. Dahlia stood up and walked toward him. She leaned down in front of him at an angle which enhanced his vision of both her enormous breast and her tight shapely ass. Dahlia leaned in closer as if to kiss him, yet bypassed his lips and purred into his ear.

"Come."

Dahlia took his hand and led him to the only locked door in the house. It seemed to lead to the basement, which perplexed Andre. Dahlia pulled a key from her breast and the door opened. Andre was once again stunned by the wealth of such a young girl. He then noticed an empty tomb situated in the middle of the room. Andre stopped dead in his tracks and slowly turned to look at Dahlia. 

"You're not human, are you?" He said calmly, still only wishing to touch her as he did in his dream. 

Dahlia was, for the first time in centuries, truly nervous. She wondered what he would think of her, and how he would react when she told him. However, Dahlia wanted Andre more than she had wanted anything in her two hundred years. She not only wanted his body, but she wanted his blood as well. She needed to tell him because she did not want to kill him. 

Dahlia collected herself and calmly said, "I mean you no harm. And no I am not human anymore. I am a vampire, however I find myself intensely attracted by you. I dreamed of you all morning. I don't know what it is but I want you so horribly," she said sliding her hand across her breast. This was all Andre needed to hear. 

Andre marched across the room barely stopping as he reached Dahlia. He grabbed her face between his hands and with raw carnal desire he kissed her. Andre did not stop as he lifted Dahlia off of the ground and she twisted her legs around his waist. He carried her over to a bed in the corner, and placed her on top of it still holding her legs around him. She then reached up and ripped the remaining buttons off of his shirt, exposing his muscular chest. Dahlia then ripped it off of him, as he ripped her dress off of her. The two both stopped for an instant, their passionate kiss and their erotic fondles halted, so that the two could stare at each other's bodies. Desire filled the both of them, and the instant passed before Dahlia began ripping Andre's pants from his body. When they were off Andre jumped on top of her forcing his cock against her now, dripping wet pussy. He grunted so loudly as he pressed against her and finally grabbed her large firm breasts. 

"Urh! Fuck, I have thought about this from the minute I saw you," Andre said breathing very heavily, before he bent and began to suck on Dahlia's massive breast. He crushed his face against them as he looked back up at her. 

Dahlia was fighting so hard not to bite him. She was so incredibly aroused by his touch and she ground her pussy against his cock as she heaved her breast forwards, so Andre had better access. Dahlia moved her hand down his chest, slightly scratching him as she moved down. She reached between her legs and slowly fondled Andre's balls before wrapping her hand around his massive cock. She was only able to stroke his cock twice before Andre let out a deep growl and shoved his enormous cock inside of her. 

"Ohhhhh!" Dahlia moaned in his ear loudly as she arched her back and trusted her breast in the air. Andre remained fucking, yet still holding back as he sat up and grabbed the bed post with one hand and grabbed Dahlia's tit with the other. He thrust in and out, holding back as not to hurt her. It was driving him crazy. As if Dahlia had read his mind she moaned louder and ground her hips around his cock.

"Fuck me," She moaned in a sultry voice. She grabbed his throat running her thumb down the middle. "Fuck me harder . . .uhh fuck me harder . . . mmm give it all to me . . . oh God harder!" Andre finally let go, fucking her harder and harder. Dahlia's pussy was so tight around his cock, and Andre thought he would cum very soon. Again Dahlia read his mind and arched her back and turned so that she was on top of him, grinding her pussy in circles around his cock. Andre moved his hands from her breast to her waist and down to her ass. He squeezed her ass hard and pushed down driving his cock entirely up her pussy. The sensation was too much for Dahlia and she felt her body tingle. She lost all control over her body, while fucking Andre in a crazy she dove forwards and bit into his neck. 

"Aghhhh! Fuck. Yes!" Andre screamed as he felt Dahlia's pussy convulse around his cock. He pulled her down harder on top of him and pushed his cock up with all his might before he came inside of her. Spurt after spurt Andre pumped upwards into the tightest pussy he had ever felt. Dahlia's pussy pumped his cock over and over again squeezing all the cum from his balls. 

The two finally collapsed and after a long time of kissing and fondling they finally separated. Even afterwards Dahlia could feel herself quiver. Andre felt the need to be as close to her as possible. He ran his hands up and down her body feeling himself harden again.

"My God you are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen," he said as he ran his hand down and cupped her ass. Dahlia swooned against his touch.

"I can't have enough of you," she said as she sat up and kissed him passionately. She then kissed his neck in the place she had bitten him and moved down. Dahlia placed her hands on his chest and slid them down his muscular abs and she kissed his chest, his stomach, and the muscles around his hips. Finally she licked the tip of his cock as she looked up into his eyes. She closed them again as she slid her mouth over the head and down his shaft. Andre inhaled sharply and closed his eyes at the unbelievable sensation she was giving him. Dahlia moved her mouth up and down sucking his cock deep into her throat. She then lifted her head and began to tease him by kissing his thighs. 

"Urh don't stop sucking my cock." Dahlia then moved her mouth around his balls teasing them with her tongue. She then lifted a hand massaging them as she kissed his thighs. Just then she slowly bit into Andre's thigh drinking his blood as she massaged his balls so that he would only feel an enhanced sensation of pleasure. Andre was so turned on he grunted loudly and could feel pre-cum slowly drip down the shaft of his cock. Dahlia slowly lifted her head and licked the cum up his shaft and devoured his cock once again, sucking it deep into her throat. Andre could hold back no longer and he shot forwards and grabbed Dahlia's head holding it down as he fucked his cum deep down her throat. Dahlia rose her head and swallowed the remaining cum.