 It was far from the first blowjob I'd given him, and far from the first forty quid I'd earned for it, but this time Richard seemed determined to fuck my face, no doubt angry at the thought I would soon be fucking someone else. I struggled to control my breathing and not choke on his cock as it rammed repeatedly against the back of my mouth seeking entry into my throat.

Gradually though we found a pattern that worked for us both, and I used my lips and tongue as well as I could. Far from being upset by his harsh use of me, I found it oddly thrilling, and the taste of precum made me moan in delight.

I sensed him getting close. He held my head tight against him, his cock as deep into my throat as it could go, and unleashed a torrent of cum into my belly as I fought against the need to breathe. When at last he pulled out a little, I gasped for breath around a cock that continued to ooze cum.

"You really are amazing," he said, fucking my mouth more gently as I licked the shaft clean and sucked hungrily on the sensitive head. "I just wish you could be all mine."

I gave his wilting cock one last lingering kiss, and stood up. "No one man will ever be enough for me."

We were alone in Richard's apartment, and the cash in my hand and Richard's cum in my mouth were sufficient to trigger the transformation. Already my breasts were swelling and my muscles toning, and my sensory awareness expanding. The taste of cum in my mouth, the smell of my own obvious arousal, the texture of the crumpled twenties in my hand.

The mirror reflected the naked predator - Anahita, whore and goddess. It was time to get ready for my big night, my first professional engagement.

"Need to get ready," Richard said, echoing my thoughts.

Not that I needed to do much. I brushed my teeth, applied fire engine red lipstick and touched up my mascara, and bent over to let Richard insert my new jewelled buttplug. Anal was one thing I was yet to try, and one thing I was almost certain to experience that night.

"George offered to pay double to be the one to pop your anal cherry," he'd explained a few days earlier.

It was surreal to be talking (over lunch in a crowded canteen) about selling my ass, but I'd nodded. "An offer I can hardly refuse."

"Great!" he'd said, his expression nowhere near as enthusiastic as he sounded. "I'll set it up." Poor Richard. I'd made him into my pimp when he wanted me all to himself.

The buttplug slotted into place without too much effort. I'd worried that I might hate it, yet another sin added to the list, but feeling the metal weight within me, and seeing in the mirror the purple jewel nestled between my cheeks, only served to excite me further.

Not bothering with underwear, I zipped my black PVC skirt and matching top into place, along with a gold chain necklace, and slipped my feet into high stiletto-heeled ankle boots. Snatching up my long black trench coat, I said, "Come on, then. Don't want to be late..."

*

The first time I wore my costume, I stopped at my local shop on the way home. I'd spent the evening shopping, funded in part by the two hundred quid Richard had paid to fuck me without a condom; hours later, I could still feel his cum leaking from me, making my thighs alternately slippery and sticky.

I wondered if the smell of it was as obvious to my favourite cashier as it was to me. It was close to midnight and the place was empty apart from him. "What do you think?" I asked, twirling for him.

He nodded appreciatively.

I glanced at his nametag. "Calum. Is that your name, Calum?" He nodded again. "You must get bored here all by yourself, all night long."

"It has its moments," he said, his gaze drifting to the glossy outline of my breasts. "Like when a customer has cum on her T-shirt and I just want to rip it off and suck on her tits."

"I'm sure she'd let you if you paid her enough."

He raised a curious eyebrow. "How much is enough?"

I shrugged. "Twenty."

"Hmm. How much to wrap those tits about my cock and come all over them?"

"Oh, I'd say another twenty on top."

Calum glanced around nervously, but we were definitely alone. "Come with me."

I followed him into the store room at the back, and in seconds I'd removed my coat and unzipped my top, freeing my breasts - but I held out my hand for payment before letting him approach.

Part of me felt like I was betraying Richard, who at that point was the only person I'd been a whore for. Part of me was still busy calling myself a slut and a fool, as well as a whore. Part of me was calculating how many cocks I'd have to suck or fuck to buy all the things on my ever growing shopping list. Part of me was wondering what to do if someone else entered the store.

I tried to concentrate instead on the two twenties in my fist, the two hands grabbing at my breasts, the mouth suckling on one nipple, then the other. It was a very pleasant assault. I didn't hurry him, though I listened out for the whoosh of doors opening.

Before long he pushed me down onto my knees, and I pressed my breasts about a cock significantly longer than Richard's. I dribbled saliva to help lubricate its passage, and wondered whether to remove my gold necklace.

It was fun watching his cock disappear and reappear, but the best thing was seeing how much Calum enjoyed it. He came with a quiet cry, his cum spurting up against my neck and making a sticky mess between my breasts where his cock pulsed orgasmically.

As if on cue, the door opened. Quickly he wiped his cock on my breasts and tidied it away, and hurried off. I looked down at the mess he'd made, and covered it up with PVC. Most of it anyway. He'd left me with a necklace of gold and pearls.

I paid for my groceries with the same notes he'd given me, and I was amused to see him flush with embarrassment.

*

My aunt Parisa, it had often been whispered, was a whore, a jendeh. Where the rumour originated, what evidence there was, no one ever said. Indeed, had there been evidence, or even had she merely looked the part, I doubt she would still have been so welcome at family events.

But the suspicion was there and the whispers persisted. Parisa herself seemed oblivious to it, or at any rate impervious. "What man would want me?" she would say without a trace of bitterness.

She was also the only member of my family who had ever suspected I wasn't straight. "I see your blushes, Anahita," she said to me one day. "And they're not for Navid, are they?"

Navid was my mother's latest attempt at matchmaking. He wasn't unattractive, but he was eclipsed by his sister Shadi. She was like a sun blazing in the room, casting all others into shadow.

My fear at discovery was dispelled by my aunt's kind but amused smile. "If you must sin," she whispered, "make it a sin you'll enjoy."

I couldn't quite tell if she was encouraging me to follow my heart, or seducing me onto a dark path.

She laughed at my doubting expression, and kissed my forehead. "The virtuous will be praised."

Whether she intended to complete that saying, I was never sure, for we were interrupted at that moment by my mother and Navid, Shadi behind them, and I was drawn back into the tedious and conflicted world of heterosexual courting.

The words stayed with me, though. The virtuous will be praised - but not envied. As a secret and unrepentant sinner, I was praised for my virtue, but longed to be envied. I visited her one evening and we talked over bowls of her famous dizi. Eventually I plucked up the courage to ask her: "Is it true, Aunty? Were you ever a jendeh?" I could feel the abrupt heat in my cheeks as I forced the words out.

My aunt studied me closely for a minute, then took my hands in hers. "My little Anahita. Has something happened?"

"Perhaps it was a dream," I said quietly, "but my body changed. My breasts" - I illustrated the enlargement of my breasts with my hands - "and my mind too" - I mimed the expansion of my consciousness.

Parisa blinked. "A dream. Yes. I have had this dream too." She sat back with a heavy sigh. "Anahita, my child, you do know that if you ever need money you can come to me."

It was my turn to blink. She knew what I had done. She knew what had happened to me. She knew because she had done the same. "You told me once to choose a sin I enjoy," I said carefully.

"Hah! There is no sin in hamjenz gerâ. Eat pussy if you want, but to be a whore? That is not clever. I know."

She had a point, but... "What is it, this thing that happens? Is it a curse? A demon? How does it work?"

"The arrow that has left the bow," she muttered. "A wish, a curse, a deceitful djinn. A young girl who asked for beauty to seduce a prince whose wealth charmed her. Her wish was granted, but she was condemned to be a whore, beautiful and childless."

"Childless?" I echoed, a little shocked.

"Yes, Anahita, love. That is the curse of our family. You can be a virtuous wife and mother, or a courtesan envied by all, bright and beautiful as a butterfly."

"And what did you choose?"

"We don't all get to choose," she replied sharply, adding after a moment, "I chose to live."

*

"If what my aunt said is true," I explained later to Richard, "I don't have to worry about disease or pregnancy. In fact, it's having the cum inside me that triggers the change - that and the physical exchange of money."

Richard nodded. "Makes sense." We'd had sex a few times in various ways, with and without exchanging money, attempting to understand what initiated the transformation. Our successes correlated with what my aunt had said.

"So basically," I said, "I have to choose between being a 'good girl' with an ordinary body and mind, or a 'bad girl' with an amazing body and mind, but if I choose the latter I'm giving up the chance to have children one day."

"Do you want children?"

I shrugged. "Not really, but maybe one day. I don't know."

"You could always adopt."

"Yeah." I was more worried about having my mother nag me for the rest of my life about not marrying and giving her grandchildren. Then again, my brother's wife was already pregnant only four months into married life. No doubt she'd be popping out plenty of grandkids for my mother to dote over. "Maybe I should tell her I'm a lesbian," I said.

"Huh?"

"My mother. It would stop her asking questions about my love life."

"But you're not. Are you?"

I laughed at his anxious expression. "Yes and no. I'm definitely more into girls, but I like men too." The memory of Shadi, my first and unrequited crush, surfaced momentarily. "The arrow that has left the bow..."

Richard stared at me blankly.

"Something my aunt said. The arrow that has left the bow never returns. She was talking about me. She knew my mind was already made up, that I will be a whore regardless of the cost."

Except, it was still a huge decision, even if I had already decided. Previously I had only been flirting with it, not consciously making it my life. I was choosing a path now that might see me expelled from my family, disowned and dishonoured, should the truth ever be known; and even if not, I would no longer be the daughter my mother wanted me to be.

"I've been thinking," I said, as indeed I had. "Do you have any rich friends you can pimp me out to? You'll get a cut of my earnings, of course, and I'll need you to trigger the transformation..."

I was offering him a way to have his cake and eat it, but only if he shared me - something that I confess I was very uncertain about. Richard wasn't officially my boyfriend, but I knew he was thinking of us that way, and this was a clear reminder of that. 

"Ah, I-" he said.

I shrugged and smiled. "Think about it."

*

The Persian mathematician Kamāl al-Dīn al-Fārisī, writing at the beginning of the fourteenth century, developed a correct theory of the rainbow. He also discovered two amicable numbers: 17,296 and 18,416. I decided that if I was going to get a tattoo, an idea I'd flirted with for years, al-Fārisī's numbers in rainbow calligraphy would suit me very well.

Although tattoos are not strictly forbidden in our culture, they are traditionally seen as undesirable, and my mother was always horrified when I expressed an interest. "Only criminals have khalkoobi," she would say.

I had mine done just below the waistline, hidden by anything more substantial than a thong. Secret and symmetrically sensitive.

*

George had a luxury apartment in a tower block in central London with a fantastic view across the city. "This is Jendeh," Richard said, introducing me with the name we'd agreed on.

"Let's have a look at you," George said to me. I removed my coat, flung it casually over a leather armchair, and twirled about in front of him. He whistled appreciatively. "She's every bit as hot as you promised, Rich."

Not only had Richard driven me to this appointment, he'd been invited to be with us. "I can't decide whether George is nervous about being alone with you, or whether he just wants someone to watch him fuck," Richard had said earlier.

I'd shrugged. "Or both." I didn't mind having Richard watching me, in case I needed back-up.

George had the same posh accent and manners as Richard. He was also taller than both of us and had a clumsy way of moving about. Blond, blue eyes, a definite bulge at his crotch as his eyes drank me in.

"Cash up front," I said, holding my hand out. "One thousand. Cash." (This had been agreed in advance; eighty percent for me, twenty for Richard.)

George handed me a thick bundle of twenties that I passed to Richard. I smiled at George and pressed myself against him, this stranger I felt nothing for. I looked into his eyes as I pressed against the hardness in his trousers, and purred, "How shall we begin?"

"You can start by removing the rest of your clothes," he said.

"Wouldn't you rather unzip me yourself?" I swivelled round so that he could see the zip that would undo my top, and hummed with pleasure as I felt it being tugged down. As my top fell away, I swivelled again to let him undo my skirt.

I spun away to let him have a good look at me, a body a porn star would be proud of. Certainly I loved it myself.

Suddenly he remembered that Richard was with us. Richard hadn't moved or even removed his jacket, and he looked almost ready to flee the scene. George laughed at him. "Come in, Rich. Have a seat - no, wait, grab us a couple of beers from the fridge. Or there's wine if you prefer... Jendeh, anything for you?"

"Water will be fine," I said.

A classic scene from any culture, the host offering the guests a drink. In this case, however, the host was simultaneously removing his trousers and boxers, revealing a cock that was not only hard but significantly larger than any I had yet encountered. "Or did you have something else in mind?"

"Ha-ha! No! At least not yet, but I would dearly love it if you would turn around and bend over..."

I did as commanded, and heard his intake of breath as the purple jewel was revealed. "Exquisite," he murmured. I could feel his breath against my cheeks as he knelt behind me. (There are few things in life as unsettling as having a stranger sniff your ass.) "Tell me, truly, are you a virgin?"

I laughed. "Of course not, but no man has had the pleasure of my ass."

"I will save that for later. Part your legs, please." As his fingers and his nose sought out my pussy, delighting in its obvious arousal, Richard returned with two beers and a glass of water. He relaxed into an armchair to watch with a bemused expression as his friend's tongue explored my labia and licked around my clit.

Despite all my overtures into whoredom, I was unprepared for both the shock of this intimacy and the rush of shameful pleasure. With sudden clarity I understood that this was my last chance to reject the whore in me. I could walk out now and seek a cleansing of my soul, repent my sins, and perhaps one day be a dutiful wife and mother. Or...

With barely a moment's hesitation, I pushed back against George's mouth with a moan of lustful pleasure. I surrendered myself to my inner slut, no longer a dispassionate whore but now a woman in need of pleasure.

But George pulled away. "Sweet, delicious pussy," he murmured. "I simply must have it now." Standing abruptly, he guided his hard cock between my thighs until I felt the bulbous head pressing against my pussy. With my hand I helped him find the entry he sought, and suddenly I was being penetrated by a cock thicker than anything my vagina had ever experienced.

It was both painful and glorious. George had to work it in inch by inch as I leaned against the arm of Richard's chair for support. I could see from the tent in his trousers that he was enjoying the show. He took a swig of his beer as George filled my cunt with more of his fantastic cock.

As his thrusts deepened, stretching me like never before, the initial discomfort melting into a blissful need, he settled into a steady rhythm. "Oh, Rich, she's worth every penny," he said. "Wherever did you find her?"

Richard shrugged and took another swig of beer. I would have been tempted to extract his cock and work him with my hand, but I needed both hands to brace myself as George pounded into me with possessive hunger. Anyway, he wasn't the one paying for me.

The one paying for me pulled out and dropped onto the sofa, beer in hand, cock jutting up provocatively. "Come sit on me, gorgeous."

As I straddled him and lowered myself onto that obelisk, his hands cupped my breasts, caressing and squeezing them. This time I had to do the work, riding his cock while he pinched and sucked on my nipples. I loved the combined stimulation, but it did bring me face to face with George and the undeniable fact that I was actively fucking a client.

I was truly a whore now, fully deserving of being an outcast if ever my family learned the truth. I glanced over at Richard who had unzipped his trousers and was openly wanking at the sight of me fucking his friend.

Our final exams were only a week away. Had it not been for that fateful night when he'd jokingly offered me twenty quid for a blowjob, we'd have been back at his apartment absorbed in revision. I would still have been the ordinary human girl that was happy to go unnoticed, dreading the day I would get married to some socially attractive man and bury forever my love of women.

"So big," I said, driving myself down onto George's cock. "So fucking big." It was, though I hoped I would one day experience a monster of porn star proportions. I couldn't imagine a life married to a man with anything less.

"I'm close," he said. "I'm close."

"Come for me, baby," I said, riding him harder. "Fill me with your cum."

"Oh God yes." Even so, he lasted another minute before finally stiffening within me. He grabbed my hips and forced me down onto him with a cry as he erupted within me, his cum tickling the deepest part of me.

I gave an exaggerated moan of pleasure. I was happy to feel him buried in my cunt and pulsing orgasmically, but my own climax was out of reach. Whether he believed my act was up to him.

He kept me sitting on him, his mouth still hungrily attacking my engorged nipples, until his cock began to slip from me. "Come, sit by me," he said. "Let me see that sweet pussy of yours."

I did as asked, spreading my legs to expose my ravished pussy to his view. His cum was oozing out and he seemed mesmerised by it for a minute.

He turned to Richard, about to say something, and instead laughed at the sight of Richard stroking his cock. "Don't waste it. Give this pussy a second helping."

Richard didn't need further encouragement. He scrambled over and thrust into me, into my cum-filled cunt. George meanwhile fed his semi-hard cock, slick with his cum, into my mouth. For the first time in my life I had cocks at both ends, and I loved it.

Also for the first time, I had a cock to challenge my budding oral skills. My jaw was stretched wide to accommodate its girth, and my lips tight about the shaft as it swelled to full vigour again. My mouth was full of the taste of our combined pleasure as George nudged with increasing determination against my throat.
