 His pale blond hair swung loose about his shoulders as he ran; his feet not making a single sound in the underbrush of the forest that surrounded the Elvin city and encompassed everything that he considered home. His richly embroidered clock fluttered behind him giving the impression that he was flying and it's mottled green hue helping to hide his passing. 

A birdcall alerted him to the outskirts scouts in their treetop lookouts. He returned the call not slowing but spurred forward at the thought of how close he was to his destination. There was a clearing beginning to appear to his left and he turned toward it pulling up short as he spied the cottage that held his heart. The field around the small cottage was filled knee deep with flowers and wild grasses which swayed beneath the caress of a breeze. In their midst stood a woman. 

Her hair was raven's wing black and curled gently to the parting of her legs. She wore it loose, small tendrils being caught and teased by the breeze as she bent to pick the wildflowers. Her skin was creamy looking hardly touched by the sun but glowing with life. He quietly drew closer. She was humming to herself happily twirling here and there in a little dance that made her bare feet noticeable beneath her ankle length gauzy skirt. As he neared she bent again revealing her creamy breasts as heavy mounds surging above the tight constraints of her laced corset. He felt a twitch in his groin as he watched her. 

He crouched low in the grasses moving among them like any other creature of the forest with a grin splitting his perfect face. When he had moved behind her he silently slid a hand beneath her skirts and up her naked thigh. She leaned into him moaning and pushing her sex closer to his exploring hand. He stood drawing her against him as his fingers found her hardened clit. 

"How long have you known I was here?" he whispered gruffly in her ear. She squirmed against his stiff cock as it poked her fleshy bottom.

"I heard the lookouts' call." she replied smiling and spreading her legs so he had better access.

He laughed softly turning her face to meet his and kissed her deeply. "You are learning my love."

"And what else have you come to teach me?" she asked brazenly feeling a gnawing in her belly.

He swung her up into his arms making her feel as if she was as light as one of the wildflowers she had been picking that now lay forgotten. "Many things." he growled, his voice filled with passion.

He kicked open the door to the cottage and then shut it behind them before carrying her across the room to the bed. The rope and wood framework creaked in protest as he knelt beside her on the down mattress and pulled at the lacings of her corset.

"You are beautiful." he whispered kissing every inch of skin he exposed. 

She slid the corset away feeling her nipples pushing against the gauzy blouse she wore beneath it. She moaned as he caressed them bending over and then suckling them through her shirt. She slid her hands into his hair and drew him closer feeling a growl rumble in her throat. He chuckled and moved to the other breast. "Orinos." she breathed, gently pushing him away. 

He moved away allowing her to stand before him. He caught the desire laden mischievous look in her eye and settled himself back into her pillows. Meg opened the lacings at her neck to loosen the blouse and then let it float down her body. She did the same with the skirt before stepping out of the pool of fabric and moving back to the bed. Her hair fell over her shoulders covering her breasts so that only the nipples peeked through. Orinos thought she looked much like a nymph instead of the human she was. Her curves were full though and very womanly. He particularly loved the shape of her bottom. It looked like a large ripe peach waiting to be plucked. He rubbed his cock through his leggings absently as she neared. 

Meg climbed up to straddle his legs moving his hand so that she could remove his garments a piece at a time. She opened the buttons following his lead and kissing the revealed skin. The musky smell of his engorged sex was like an aphrodisiac, one she couldn't resist when it sprang forward from its prison and tickled her lips. She bent lower and took him into her mouth. The thick rod was longer than her husband's had been. And she eagerly sucked at it moving her hands to cover the length she was unable to fit into her throat. She slowly took him in and out of her mouth only stopping when she heard him begin to moan and felt his hips tense and rise slightly.

"I have a surprise for you today, my love." she smiled as she peeled away the remainder of his beautiful silk clothing.

"Do you now?" he replied trying to draw her over him and sheath himself into her wet pussy walls.

Meg giggled and nodded satisfied that he was now as naked as she was. She moved the foot of the bed where a pile of blankets lay and positioned herself over them. His cock stirred again looking at her luscious ass and felt surprise when she reached around and parted the cheeks. She turned to look at him.

"I want you here!" she sighed sliding a finger into the puckered hole. 

He watched in fascination as the sphincter opened. He knew this would be her first ass fucking and he wasn't going to disappoint the woman he loved just as soon as he got over the shock. She had already told him no when he had asked for this pleasure before and yet here she was on all fours offering the very thing he wanted. Needing no further prodding he moved behind her.

Orinos replaced her finger with two of his own and slowly slid his throbbing cock into her pussy. She moaned and pushed back against him as he thoroughly covered himself in her slippery juice. Then he placed the tip of his cock at the opening to her lovely ass and began to push. At first she tightened up but he reached for her clit and rubbed it making her moan and throw her hips back at him. She made a small scream into the blankets as its head popped onto her bowels. He stayed still letting her become used to his size as he had done weeks before when he had taken her for the first time. The virginity of her cunt had belonged to her long dead husband; the virginity of her ass was his.

Under his careful ministration Meg felt the wave of pain and dizziness quickly pass. She relaxed trying to enjoy the new sensations coursing through her body as her lover began to slowly fill her ass. She looked back at his face and felt a shiver of delight and lust course through her at his expression of pleasure. His blond hair lay like silk against his back and shoulders and his head was tilted back with his eyes closed. As if sensing she was watching he looked back at her, his sapphire eyes blazing with need. He pushed the tenth and final inch into her and Meg felt an itch begin in her cunt. She slipped her hand to her own sex and slid two fingers inside. She could feel his cock through the thin wall and she rubbed at it.

Orinos jerked looking startled into his lover's eyes but so pleasurable was the feeling that he began to move in her ass. Slowly at first but increasing in speed as his need grew fiercely. He could feel her muscles clenching around him and he lost the last of his control. He grabbed her hips and began fucking her with abandon. His balls slapped against her hand as she fingered her cunt and rubbed her clit.

Meg was lost. She had never felt anything so exquisite as having Orinos fill her ass as she had orgasm after another. She moaned and screamed and bucked back into him her noises soon turning to animalistic growls. Just as she thought it couldn't feel better, she felt his cock expand larger and larger still and then the warmth of his seed filling her up. Another orgasm, larger than any of the ones before it, racked her body and she stiffened straightening up on her knees and clenching him deep inside her ass. Orinos circled her waist with his arms lightly biting her neck and slowly continuing to fuck her hole until both orgasms had subsided.

She stayed there on her knees with him behind he even after his cock had slipped from her ass. He played with her breasts and whispered how much he loved her in her ear until they caught their breath. Meg turned then to look at him. His strong hairless body glistened with exertion in the late afternoon sunlight. Realizing neither of them had bothered to close the curtains, she momentarily wondered if the lookouts had enjoyed their show. The thought quickened her pulse and sent another throb to her pussy. Smiling she told Orinos of her thoughts.

"Are you sure you aren't a nymph?" he teased, but he too had to agree that the idea of others watching them make love was exciting and so, as he plundered her ass a second, third and fourth time that afternoon, they moved so that anyone looking would have an excellent show, even going as far as to open the window.

Later kissing her lovingly at the doorstep he said goodnight and with a huge smile plastered across his face he walked back to the city among the trees. As he crossed the lookout's barrier he felt more than heard the approach of his brethren.

Jerlin slapped him on the back. "I see you had a fine evening, brother. Made me randy as a rabbit just watching. Yvani will be much pleased with the log I bring to our hearth this night." the fellow elf whispered then straightened and headed for his own home.

Two others followed behind quieter than usual and as he turned to find the route to his own home he noticed that they were rather engrossed in each other. He thought again of Meg and her gift and decided to find an Elvin wench to satisfy the rise in his leggings it caused. Meg belonged to him now. And he intended on making her his wife but until the time she finally agreed to leave her home and move to his he would take his nightly pleasures here with the Elvin women that knew his desires and how to make him sleep like the dead.

Tomorrow, he promised himself, he would have more of Meg and maybe he would bring a friend.