 Chapter 7 -- Venom

Cassie returned to her office at Biological Sciences on Friday afternoon, looking happier than Julie had seen her for years.

She was clutching a portable hard drive.

"I've got more survey data back, Jules. This data is not from Americans this time."

Julie looked at Cassie with open curiosity, but Cassie carried on regardless.

"Don't ask from where, I can't tell you.

"We've re-done the survey questions, and do you know what? The cured women have passed every test, and are indistinguishable from the normal women.

"That a great result for Eve and her sister, but I'd like to run your watermark test over the results. If Eve passed on the answer statistics from the normal women, and if that's what they're using to pass the tests, then we should be able to detect the cheating.

"I've got your new scan data too. They've got full-body scans now, with all tissue types."

Cassie continued chatting while the data was transferred from her drive, telling Julie about the twins, and the get-together, and they both agreed to go and visit the new uni bar the next evening.

Julie still thought it perverse that carrying a disk drive over the landscape was quicker than copying data over the Internet, but those image files were huge. Even compressed, each image was tens of gigabytes.

"I've actually had a really nice time interviewing those cancer patients," said Cassie, "and I'm going to enjoy working at the hospital."

Julie looked directly at her.

"So this data is from Australia, is it?"

Cassie looked at Julie, steadily, and cocked one eyebrow.

"Jules.

"Read my lips.

"Eve. Says. They. Do. Not. Have. Worms. At. The. Hospital."

Cassie smiled, and bent down to whisper in Julie's ear.

"But I think you should come and meet my cancer patients. They are the coolest women I've ever met."

Julie thought she caught Cassie's drift.

***

After the data was transferred from the portable drive to the workstation, Julie copied the new survey results onto her memory stick.

That's where she kept a lot of her work, as she didn't want her little cheating detector being visible to anyone on the University network, and to anyone associated with Eve in particular.

The watermark test didn't take long to run, as there were only a few hundred numbers to process for each woman.

The results were very clear, and Cassie and Julie were simultaneously appalled, and elated.

The cheating detection algorithm had worked.

The cured women had cheated.

Eve Hunter must have passed on Cassie's statistics to the women before the test, and, somehow, they had learned to answer the questions correctly, and to match the statistics in Cassie's spreadsheet.

Eve Hunter was starting to seem like a bit of a slippery character.

***

It was nice having Cassie back in the apartment, and on a Friday evening they could start to relax.

They made a rich, calorific, lasagne, drank a good bottle of wine between themselves, and, dressed only in their PJs, waddled from the table to the couch to relax. As they had been doing for many years, they pressed the bare soles of their feet against each other as they sat and watched TV. This was perhaps the only regular sensual contact that Cassie ever received from Julie.

As the evening's viewing drew to a close, Cassie thought the time felt right for the next step.

Turning off the TV, Cassie turned turned to Julie.

"Julie ..."

Julie turned to look at her, and Cassie hesitated.

"Julie ... Gabby gave me something when I was at the hospital.

"Something I think you might be very interested in."

Cassie brought out one of the tiny glass jars Gabby had given her.

Julie's eyebrows rose.

"So what's this?" Julie asked.

Cassie retrieved a latex glove from her pocket, pulled it on, opened the jar, and dipped in her index finger.

As she pulled out some of the contents with her covered fingertip, the stuff was thick, like honey, and long, black threads were visible within.

"That looks like a worm stinger ..." Julie said.

"Yes, that's exactly what it is," Cassie said. "Gabby has been busy at the lab in the hospital, experimenting with worm venom.

"She's been transforming the venom into a worm repellent.

"She's been making an ointment out of this stuff with the the stingers removed, and, if you put it on yourself, you're protected, the worms don't attempt to infect you.

"Gabby gave me this unprocessed venom so that we could try the real thing."

"So this is just straight worm venom?" Julie asked.

Cassie nodded.

"It must hurt like crazy," Julie said. "Isn't it a paralytic?"

"I think you should try it," Cassie said, "You'll be surprised."

"Cassie, I hope you haven't tried this stuff? It's venom, it's bound to be dangerous!"

Cassie gave a little guilty smile.

"Actually, Jules, I've tried some already. The worms could have been designed for us, they're a perfect fit for our biology. They modify our DNA, and produce substances to manipulate us. That's why the immune system doesn't reject the worms, they actually produce their nerve threads using a woman's own proteins, with only a little extra alien biology thrown in.

"When a worm takes a woman, Julie, she gets injected with venom. It lowers her resistance to being taken. It's designed to overwhelm her with physical pleasure.

"It has never caused any adverse reactions."

"Except," Julie said, "that the end result for these women is that they fall under the control of an alien intelligence."

"It's actually been rather well tested," Cassie continued. "If you want to understand the worms, Julie, you should try some."

Julie was surprised, but could see Cassie's side of the argument, and was very curious. The worms were very effective parasites, and, aside from the mind control aspects, they appeared to look after their hosts quite conscientiously.

"Ok, Cassie, tell me about it. How will I take it?"

"This is unprocessed worm stinger in a neutral sorbolene base. When I spread some on your back, you'll get to feel what those women were experiencing in that video we saw. Believe me, Jules, it's a great high. You won't regret it.

"Come on, turn around and I'll put some on your back. I'll hold you, the drug takes a minute or so to kick in, and it gives you a hell of a head-spin.

"Then it just feels really nice, Julie, you'll like it.

"Nice enough to make you want to give up your body to the worms, and your mind. But there aren't any worms here, Julie, so you won't need to worry about that part."

Cassie sat up behind Julie, and got close, stretching her legs out on either side of Julie's hips.

"You'll feel just a little sting, and it doesn't take long after that. Hold on ...are you ready?"

Julie didn't hesitate. She really was very curious about these worms.

"Yes, Cassie, go for it ..."

Cassie pulled Julie's shirt above her pants, and held it up to expose her back.

Jesus, she is beautiful, Cassie thought.

Julie's skin was white and clear, and her waist was slim, and the way her petite vertebrae pressed against her skin was so very fine, so very elegant.

"Just lean down, so I can lay it on."

Julie leaned down, slowly, gracefully, and the curve of her back was perfect. Cassie loved the way that Julie held her shoulders, just so.

"Hold still, Julie ..."

Cassie brought the jar holding the threads above Julie's back, pulled down the elastic of her PJs a little, and spread the black strands onto her skin, just at the base of her spine, where Gabby had applied the ointment to her. It took a few seconds for the microscopic triggers in the threads to begin to rupture the venom sacks to release the venom into Julie's skin.

"Ow, Cassie, that hurts!"

Cassie gently, slowly, spread the remaining threads around Julie's lower back, and Julie twitched as more venom sacks were released.

"Oh, fuck, Cassie, that hurts."

"Just be still, Julie." Cassie said. "I'll hold you."

Cassie pulled off the latex glove, turning it inside out.

She pulled up Julie's PJs, dropped the paraphernalia on the floor, and wrapped her arms tight around Julie, letting her sink down against the back of the couch, mothering her, protective.

"I'm starting to feel something now," Julie said, "This is starting to feel good. Hold me, hold me tight ..."

Julie turned around and her eyes sought out Cassie's, but then, eyelids fluttering, her eyes rolled back into her head.

She made a vain attempt to to lift her head, and Cassie completed the movement, lifting her lolling head up with her two hands, seeking out her lips, covering her mouth, and kissing her, spearing her soft, sweet mouth with her tongue.

Julie began to make desperate sounds, "Mmmmmm... Mmmmmnnnn..."

Her spastic hands pulled down her PJs, and she opened her legs.

Grabbing wildly, Julie moved Cassie's hand down towards her crotch, needy, and desperate.

She began to slur her words as even her lips were feeling the beginning of the paralysis.

"In me, Cassie, in me, I need you in me ..."

Cassie's experienced fingers felt her way through Julie's wiry hair. She found Julie's bulb raised and at attention.

Julie was ready and moist, and she raised her hips as best she could, trying to push against Cassie's hand.

"In me, Cassie, fuck, put your fingers in me. Now, Cassie, now!"

Cassie curled her hand, and rubbed two fingers into Julie's warmth, just a little. Julie was moist, very moist, and Cassie gathered up the silky moisture.

She lay Julie down on the couch and knelt on the carpet in front of her, in a good position now to push herself in.

Julie opened her legs, oh so wide, and Cassie finally saw the treasure she had coveted for years.

Julie's pussy was open to her, and Cassie felt like she had opened the gates of her own personal heaven.

Julie, you're beautiful. But still a virgin. Who would have believed it?

"I'll try to be gentle, Jules ..."

Cassie carefully began to push through the membrane to gain entrance, eliciting a gasp of pain, and of pleasure.

Julie shook her head.

"In, Cassie, in. Don't worry, Cassie. Fuck, just push your fingers in!"

Cassie's two fingers slid in, slowly, but completely, and Cassie felt a fluttering sensation.

"Oh, God. Oh God. Oh God ..."

Julie bore down on Cassie's hand, and again Cassie felt the pulsing around her fingers, more strongly now, and moisture began to leak from Julie's pussy. The penetration was complete. Cassie's fingers were centred, and Julie gasped at finally being filled, her nakedness finally opened out to the world, her secret finally shared.

The feeling was exquisite.

Cassie stayed with Julie and revelled in the realisation that Julie was holding Cassie's fingers inside herself in such intimate comfort. Cassie could only look on in adoration as she saw, and felt, a series of crashing, pulsing orgasms continue to take Julie away.

Eventually, Julie closed her eyes and relaxed, her body filled, and fulfilled, and she smiled.

Still leaking copiously against Cassie's hand, Julie finally lapsed into unconsciousness, the smile still on her face.

Cassie smiled too, keeping her fingers in for a little longer, and then carefully pulling out, getting some tissues to wipe up.

Cassie had never felt so much in love.

She had finally found the magic in her world to give her life meaning.

Kissing Julie on the cheek, Cassie smoothed down Julie's night shirt, lowered her down on the couch, straightened her out, and covered her with a blanket.

Julie was breathing peacefully now.

Cassie brought out the pillow and her queen-sized doona from her room, and made herself a nest just under the couch. She would sleep at Julie's feet tonight.

The pile of the brand-new carpet was thick and woollen, and her makeshift bed felt surprisingly comfortable. She soon fell into a contented sleep, her thoughts full of her future with Julie.

***

Cassie woke up early, the sunlight streaming through the huge window with the view of the lake.

She had slept the sleep of the truly happy, and was ready to start her new life with Julie with a wonderful weekend.

Julie was still sleeping peacefully, and Cassie couldn't resist kissing her cheek once more.

Cassie made a bang-up British breakfast, and by the time Julie was stirring, she had the whole lot laid out on the table: pork sausages, bacon, thick toast, mushrooms, tomatoes and eggs

Julie took one look at the spread and disappeared into her bedroom.

Cassie heard the shower start in Julie's ensuite.

Julie was in there for ages.

As she watched the empty seat across the table, Cassie's sunny mood evaporated.

When Julie came out, she was dressed for work. Without saying a word, without even meeting Cassie's eyes, she sat down and ate her breakfast.

The silence seemed impenetrable, and Cassie had to force herself to say something.

It would come out bitchy.

She knew it would.

But she had to say it.

"Julie, you're not going to work are you? It's Saturday. I've got the day all planned out. Now that we've got some money, we can start to get some decent furniture around here, start to make the place look a bit more comfortable."

Julie looked at Cassie and met her eyes, for the first time that morning.

"Cassie, look, I'm sorry." Julie said. "This is all a bit much for me. Please, just give me some time, I just need to work out what just happened. I'm not sure if this is what I want. You're my friend, you're my best friend, Cassie, and I love you for that. But what happened last night, it was great, it was special, but I don't think I want to do that again. I don't think I love you that way."

They cleaned up together, in silence.

Julie slipped out of the apartment without saying another word.

Cassie sat on the couch, the damp spot that Julie had left on it last night still obvious.

She sat in silence for a time, still not knowing what had gone wrong.

The apartment began to feel very, very empty, and Cassie knew she was alone.

She began to sob then, quietly at first, and then uncontrollably, fat tears squeezing out of her eyes and falling down her cheeks.