 Chapter 9 – The Hosts

After Julie left that morning, Cassie couldn't muster the motivation to do any shopping, let alone by herself.

She was still feeling weepy.

Instead, she spent the day on the couch, trying to read through all of her survey results and getting them together in her head.

The results were clear-cut.

The women had been cheating.

She wished that she could be more like Julie, and bury herself in work.

It was hopeless.

She'd never been through a real break-up.

Not that this was a real break-up, as Julie and Cassie had never actually been together, but it felt real enough to her.

She just couldn't think, and she couldn't achieve anything.

Julie rang at about five thirty. She was going out to dinner with a doctor from the hospital, Anjolie Lalitha.

Cassie remembered the name.

She was the pretty one, Gabby had said.

At that point, it seemed obvious to Cassie that Julie simply didn't care about her, not one bit.

The apartment they both shared together now seemed like a bit, fat, lie.

She couldn't face going to bed, lying in bed, staring at the ceiling, waiting for Julie to come home, or not, and then being in her room, lying in bed, staring at the ceiling, with someone next door who already seemed like a stranger.

But there was an alternative.

It was Sheyda's last day of treatment at the hospital.

Cassie had got to know her well over the last few weeks, and, despite the fact that Sheyda saw Cassie first and foremost as potential host-form, she had been engaging to talk to. Her body language was pure seduction, and she had spent much of the time with Cassie in light-hearted flirting.

With her plans for today devoted to Julie, Cassie had resigned herself to not seeing Sheyda at the hospital before she was cured.

But those plans were gone now.

The pass-card Gabby had given to her would let her in at any hour of the day.

Or night.

There was still time to see Sheyda, and she could sleep at the hospital again, with its lights, and a constant feeling of busyness.

It was a perfect antidote to her crushing loneliness. 

Anything was better than staying here.

***

When Cassie arrived at the hospital, the security guards were still there at the X-ray machine. They knew Cassie well by now, and she was through in only a few seconds.

It was quiet on a Saturday night.

With their work completed, the University people didn't need to spend so much time at the hospital, and life for them would soon be returning to normal.

Gabby was working more like her usual hours, and had told Cassie that she'd been spending a lot of time with Stefan. He'd moved into her apartment.

Cassie guessed that quite a few people would be trying out the new uni bar, which Julie and Cassie had planned on visiting tonight.

Another plan cancelled.

Cassie would have liked to have seen the twins, but didn't feel like sharing them with a bunch of strangers, and didn't feel like drinking.

Here was best for her right now.

She waved to the single nurse at reception, let herself into a lift, beeped her pass card, and hit the button to the first floor, Gabby's lab.

She would give herself protection, go in to see Sheyda, and talk to her, maybe even sleep with her.

Each time Cassie had been to visit her, Sheyda had made it quite clear that she was interested.

As Cassie picked the jar of protective ointment, she held it, and stared at it.

She knew that her life was hopeless.

Without Julie, her life outside was forfeit.

After tonight, what would she do with herself now?

She realised then that Eve had set her up.

She had tried to push Cassie and Julie apart, and, eventually, she had succeeded. 

Eve had known Cassie's fetish for parasites, and had thrown her amongst the wolves.

Eve must have realised Cassie's love for Julie was doomed. Cassie had been holding out for years, waiting for Julie, but she knew now that waiting was hopeless, that Julie was hopeless.

Because Julie would never love anyone.

Cassie felt like kicking herself.

Everyone else had guessed the truth but herself.

Eve had set Cassie up with an impossible task. Doing the surveys was a crazy idea. Cassie was lost in a blizzard of standardised psychology tests, and interviews with hundreds of women. With normal women, with infected women, with cured women, their words, and their thoughts, and their moods, were all buzzing around in Cassie's head, totally aimlessly, totally formlessly.

Cassie knew that the cured women were not normal. They were too kind, they were too attentive, they were too diligent.

They were attractive.

They were dangerous.

And they had cheated.

Cassie's heart began to hammer in her chest, and she put the jar down down again.

She would not use protection tonight.

She would give herself to the worms.

There would be more clinics opening in Australia, she knew that, needing more hosts.

Oh, it would be sweet. It would be so, so, sweet, giving herself to the worms. Giving herself up to an alien intelligence would salve her hurt. She could spend the rest of her days drowning in physical pleasure, spawning creatures bred to possess women's minds.

Her family were a bunch of fundamentalist Christians. They had dispossessed her when she had come out to them as a teenager, and she had lost everything.

She didn't have many close friends. She had given away all of her friendships to get closer to Julie.

So much for that.

Again, she had lost everything.

Still,Cassie thought, that leaves no barriers in the way. I can have my one remaining heart's desire, and leave society with a clear conscience. I have many options, and I have made my choice.

Cassie beeped herself into the secure area, and walked over to the second bank of lifts, her legs like jelly.

She had made a commitment, one of the most potent in her life, on a whim.

But was it a whim?

Ever since Eve had set her to work, she must have seen this as a possibility. If she was honest with herself, Cassie had been considering giving herself to the worms ever since she had heard about them, since she had heard all of the crazy theories, and read the stories.

The stories were hot.

Perhaps Eve knew that this was the end for Cassie, who would not, or could not, resist the temptation that had been placed before her. 

When Cassie entered the ward, Sheyda's bed was empty.

Cassie looked around. The eyes of all the women were upon her.

Cassie's eyes alighted on a pair of young women, sitting on a bed, holding hands, staring at Cassie, and whispering to each other.

They stood tall, and faced her. Still holding hands, they walked towards her, smiling.

They flanked her, and lightly held her arms.

Cassie shivered. The touch of infected women was always so inviting. 

"Cassie, welcome back. Come, talk to us. Lie with us."

Cassie fended them off.

"Please, no. Not now. I want to see Sheyda. Where is Sheyda?"

Two more women came up behind Cassie's back, and gently wrapped their arms around her torso.

"Cassie, you want a master. I can smell that you are ready for your master. We will take you to Sheyda. But we will prepare you first.

"Yes?"

Cassie hesitated, but nodded.

The four hands behind her reached around her front, and began to undo her buttons.

The two in front assisted.

Leisurely, she was stripped, but the actions of the four women were more caress than undress.

As the four pairs of hands lightly held her, a hospital gown was produced from somewhere. The y placed it around her, and laced it up at the back, gently.

The women in front lifted up their own gowns, and Cassie saw black threads emerging from the tufts between their legs.

She didn't struggle, but could only say,

"Please, I want to see Sheyda. Not like this, please, not like this."

Cassie felt tendrils moving between her thighs, then up her back, where they rested.

"It is right that Sheyda should take you. We will take you to her. But stay with us for a time, there is no hurry.

"Take the time to enjoy us, Cassie.

"Free flesh likes to be played with. Free flesh is to be enjoyed.

"When you are host-form, the memories of being taken are so delicious."

Cassie nodded.

It was nice being held.

When the sting finally arrived, a woman bent forward to kiss her, and Cassie responded, opening her mouth, wanting more.

The sting had hurt, but it was only a prelude.

The arousal that began to glow in her back, and spread through her torso, was welcome, but not overwhelming.

Cassie knew that the final sting would be deeper.

The other woman broke off the kiss, and Cassie felt herself lifted by four pairs of hands and carried across to a couch. One of them sat down on the couch, and motioned Cassie forward. Cassie turned around to sit in front of her, and she was soon enfolded in her arms, and kissed on the neck.

Two other women sat beside her and, using their own legs, they spread her open, and gently sucked her nipples into their mouths.

The fourth knelt between Cassie's legs. As the pair on either side began to suckle Cassie's breasts in earnest, the woman behind pressed herself against Cassie's back, and the woman between her legs began to lick her.

With four mouths assaulting her, and a touch of venom inside herself, she rose quickly. She was able to stretch against the restraint of those women, and they held tight, and were much stronger than they looked.

Pleasure gathered near her centre, and she soon peaked. She cried out as she gushed, and felt like she was drowning.

When she was able to breathe again she opened her eyes.

All the women in the ward were staring at her, and were smiling at her, cupping their mounds, remembering.

When Cassie regained her composure, someone helped her up and led her towards exit. They took her pass out of her handbag, and used it to call a lift. The patients were imprisoned here, as none could leave without a pass, but Cassie felt like the prisoner as she was walked into the lift, and her own pass used to punch the button for the top floor.

The hosts.

Sheyda was with the hosts.

It was her last day.

Of course she would be with the hosts.

The woman shared the lift with Cassie up to the top floor, and motioned Cassie out. Using the pass to select her own floor, she handed it back to Cassie.

Standing midway between lift and the floor, she bid Cassie farewell.

"Goodbye, Cassie. We shall see you again when you are host-form."

The door closed, and she was gone.

Cassie turned around. She had not yet been to visit the hosts.

She was in the core of the building, and a corridor led off to the wards.

She still held the pass in her hand.

She could escape now, if she so wished.

But she had chosen her fate, and wandered down the corridor to the first ward with a light.

There was a large bed in the centre of the room, with five women atop it.

Sheyda lay in the centre, with her eyes closed, and her legs spread. Her communication tendril was entwined with that of the other four women. Two looked in their early twenties, and two in their mid-thirties, and they all were locked in ecstasy, the five tendrils oozing wetly against each other.

One of the younger ones roused herself, and the tendrils of her worm slid back inside herself.

"Cassie, welcome, welcome.

"You have decided to give yourself to us. What an honour, Cassie. We appreciate the gesture.

"My name is Maryanne. I am host."

All of the women had now sat up, and they had their eyes open, and were smiling at Cassie.

Why did infected women look so desirable?

"My name is Margaret. I am milk."

"My name is Eileen. I am milk."

"My name is Tania. I am host."

Sheyda spoke last.

"Cassie, thank you for coming to visit us.

"Come with me now, and we shall know you."

Naked, Maryanne and Sheyda disentangled themselves from the other three. 

Cassie's back was still smarting from the sting, and her legs were still wobbly from the action of the venom, and her centre still ached from the pleasure the four infected women had forced upon her on the floor below.

It was not cold, but Cassie shivered.

Maryanne and Sheyda each took one hand, and led Cassie into the large, main room on that floor.

The hosts were housed in what was effectively a penthouse. It was a magnificent room at the top of the building, and was full of cushions. The lights were low, and one huge picture window looked out over the lake, at Cassie's apartment building.

Cassie gazed through the window on the opposite side, at the headlights from the cars on the Commonwealth Avenue bridge. An endless stream of public servants, zipping around on Canberra's empty roads, the over-engineered national capital allowing them all to speed through their little lives at maximum efficiency.

The clouds of global financial depression had been gathering overseas for some years now, but Australia was only just beginning to feel any effect.

Who knew what was ahead for all of these people?

I'm spending an evening in a nest full of of alien invaders who want to own us all, Cassie couldn't help thinking.

The real world is shit. Something has to change. I'm sure that these worms could manage us better than the current pack of losers. 

"We have felt you, Cassie." said Maryanne. "We begin to know you. There are so many who will be one. We have felt you through our sisters and brothers, and have longed for the day we can lie with you, and make you a part of us.

"But you, Cassie. You are important. You are special. You can save us.

"We already know that you have given yourself to us in your heart. We need you, Cassie, you can show us our errors, you can feel our mistakes.

"You know people, Cassie. You know people, and you love people. You know us, and you shall show us how to be people. And you shall love us too."

Maryanne and Sheyda were beautiful, standing there in their nakedness. Maryanne was blooming, her belly pregnant with worms, and Sheyda had gained weight, but was still slender, and tall, and dark, and exotic.

Cassie's hospital gown seemed incongruous.

She shrugged it off, over her head.

She compared her reflection in the window to that of her companions.

They were upright, proud and lusty.

She seemed pasty, and stooped, and a little sad.

Actually, she was still a little sad.

The loss of Julie this morning came back to her, and she turned away from the women, and tears once again began to leak down her cheeks.

Maryanne and Sheyda came to her, and kissed her tears away, and laid her down on the cushions.

She was sad, yes, but she had surrendered. She was ready to drown in the pleasure that the worms offered, that the hosts offered, and give away her sense of self for the opportunity to lose her pain.

"Cassie, this is your time now. Do not be sad, just enjoy us.

"Let us take care of you. Let us take away your pain."

Maryanne and Sheyda lay beside her, turned in towards her, and gazed at her.

As Cassie felt the tendrils begin to crawl across her legs, Sheyda held her head with her hands, and began to kiss her, spearing Cassie's mouth with her tongue, then, softening her lips, letting Cassie's tongue into her own mouth to feel her moist emptiness.

This time, the sting in her back was sudden, and painful, like a needle pushed into her flesh.

"Ow!"

Cassie held still. This was what she wanted. This was what she needed. This was the prelude for something greater, for something very special.

She would know what it was to have an alien intelligence in her mind, questing for her knowledge, controlling her thoughts, controlling her body.

Three more times, she felt their sting. Each time, the pain was more blunted, and easier to take. In her ribs, then in the middle of the back. The last, in her neck, felt more like a hot, hard penetration than the sharp needle of the first.

The three waited, still, as the rush of arousal flowed through her. Cassie felt her body relax into paralysis, the tension in her muscles released.

Cassie could no longer move, but she began to feel the ache to be penetrated, to be filled, her emptiness rewarded.

Maryanne climbed over Cassie to straddle her, and watched proudly as a worm oozed out of her pussy, scenting the air, searching for warmth.

Cassie felt its heavy, moist, warmth as it plopped onto her chest.

With peristaltic motions, it oozed down her stomach, black tendrils emerging, and began to nuzzle her lower lips. Maryanne and Sheyda held Cassie's thighs, and pulled them apart. Cassie would have completed the motion herself, if she could have. 

Maryanne's slender hands held the worm, and assisted it by pushing it against Cassie's centre.

The sensation of the worm's motion parting her lips, and pushing inside, was enthralling. The feeling of being filled was beautiful, and Cassie opened herself up to it.

As the worm disappeared, Cassie could not wait for the deeper penetration to begin.

Maryanne lifted herself up, bent a knee, and another worm pushed its way out of her.

She passed it to Sheyda, who lifted up Cassie's head, and placed the worm at the back of her neck.

They both rolled Cassie on to her side, and Maryanne placed a third worm on Cassie's spine, in the middle of her back.

The fourth was placed on her side, at the base of her ribs.

"Now, Cassie," they both whispered.

Cassie's back arched as the four worms began to attach themselves. The pain was brief, as more venom was being driven into her already-drugged body.

There was total silence for a minute or two, as the hosts looked on in curiosity, and Cassie felt a crawling sensation under her skin as the tiny black fibres pushed their way into her flesh.

Cassie soon heard four voices in her mind, speaking in chorus.

Cassie, give yourself to us,

They sounded rather like Eve, with the same rich, golden tones, and a hint of an East-coast accent.

Cassie, feel the pleasure, and give yourself to us.

She felt a fluttering inside her pussy, and knew that with just a little more stimulation, she would come.

It started slowly, like a trickle out of a dam before it bursts, but the pleasure grew, and Cassie could not tell when it would stop rising, she could not tell how it could stop.

The pleasure reached a crescendo, and as it crashed over her, she began to feel the worms accessing her memories, finding things they wanted to know, pleasuring her mind.

The first change she noticed was to the ball of hurt she had carried with her all day, from Julie's exit from her life.

She felt it begin to lift, to dissipate, and she struggled against the influence pushing it out of her mind.

"No. Not this. Not Julie!"

Cassie hung on to her pain, protecting it.

It seemed like the only remaining link she had to the love she had held inside herself for the last six years..

The worms spoke to her.

Cassie, do not worry. You have chosen well. Julie is your soul-mate, your companion, your happiness. You have always known this. Let the pain go, Cassie, and you shall have her. She will love you, Cassie, just let the pain go.

Cassie felt a wave of admiration for her mistresses flow through her brain, and she stopped resisting. The worms would look after her, they knew how to look after their humans. If she let them do their work, they would give her all her heart desired.

She let her heartbreak dissipate, and Julie felt a sense of well-being permeate her soul. Sheyda and Maryanne lay beside her, and held her in comfort.

The worms were still pumping her full of sensation, and she closed her eyes as her mind swirled with physical pleasure. All of her memories began to flow through her consciousness, and she watched on in wonder as the worms began to nuzzle and take possession of her soul.
