 This is a direct sequel to A Night at the Dancing Dog Inn, but it's also a direct sequel to A Most Joyous Reunion, both of which you can find by checking out my profile page. You don't have to have read either of them to enjoy this story, but if you're going to read all three you should probably read the other two before this one (in either order).

 Also, fair warning on the kinks: this story contains lactation, lesbian sex, and a dickgirl who gets far less sex in this chapter than she would like. (But don't worry if you're into that, she'll get her dick wet in chapter 2.)

---

Vasha awoke with a mouthful of snow.

What happened? Where was she? The last thing she remembered was following... something. What had she been following? It was snowing, and she was following something, and then...

She picked herself up, stumbled, and fell face-first in the snow once again. Cold. Why was it so cold? She was wearing her thick furs, which could keep off even the biting cold of a Thunderhead winter. This southern snow was downright warm in comparison. So why was she shivering?

She tried to stand again, pulling herself up on a nearby tree. Her head spun and she felt like she was going to vomit, though there was nothing in her stomach to bring up. She held back a retch and forced herself to stand.

Her head was all cloudy. Memories floated in and out of her mind, unbidden. She was back in the inn with the dancing dog on its sign, in the town with the great huge tree in its center. Now she was back home on the Thunderhead, the heavy, savory scent of rabbit stew thick in the air as her sire cooked for her and her mother. Now she was on a stony crag, covered in ice and snow, clutching her stomach- a mess of blood and torn flesh- sure that she was going to die.

But she hadn't died, had she? The thought fed the fire in her chest, and she made herself take a step, then another. There was a town nearby, she could remember someone telling her that now. Overlook, it was called. That was it. North. She'd been told to go north. She looked up to find the sun through the trees all around her. It was just above the treeline, scarcely above the horizon, but was that east or west? Was it dawn or dusk? She couldn't remember how long she'd been laying in the snow. In truth, she couldn't even remember laying down in the first place.

She took another step, then stopped to lean against a pine. There were spots on the edge of her vision, and a familiar pressure in her groin. Fumbling with her corded belt, she took her cock out and started to piss on the side of the tree.

The pain almost made her cry out. It felt like a swarm of angry hornets stinging her from the inside. She finished as quickly as she could and put her cock back in her pants. She remembered now. She was looking for a healer, because it hurt to piss. That was it.

And the blue woman! There was a woman with blue skin, out here in the forest. That's what she'd been following, hoping that she'd lead her to the town, but then Vasha's head had gone all wobbly and she had lost the trail. The sun had set by that point, so it must be morning now. That meant that the sun was in the east, so north was... that way.

She had a direction, and that was all she needed. Shivering and fighting back the churning of her stomach, Vasha put one foot in front of the other.

She wasn't entirely sure how long she walked, or how far. The throbbing in her head was slowly and steadily getting worse, and the spots were creeping inwards from the edge of her vision. She didn't feel cold anymore, but she was hungry. Very hungry, actually. When was the last time she had eaten? It had to have been more than a day ago, and that was only a rather small, thin rabbit that she'd managed to snare and some purple star-shaped berries she'd found growing on a bush. Game, it turned out, was scarce in this part of the world, and she'd never been much of a forager.

All the more reason to find that town. As she stumbled on, clutching her aching head in one hand, she started to grow warmer still, then outright hot. Vasha had seen folk die from the cold of her mountain home before. They always complained of being hot, just before they went to the other side. That was how you knew they were a lost cause. When they could feel the warm fires of the Mother Huntress's hall, they were already too close to her to bring back. That was when you left them.

And so it was a great relief when through the trees she spotted a great plume of steam. A hot spring. She wasn't dying then. Not yet.

The spring sprung from a bowl-shaped rock that jutted from the side of a steep hill that was crowned by a great white fir tree. From the rock, it flowed down in a steaming waterfall to the large, wide pool below it. Vasha was hungry, and her crotch still stung, but the warmth of the spring felt so wonderful after the biting cold. Perhaps a soak would do her good?

She was halfway out of her clothes before she noticed the bag- a rucksack made of leather, sitting in the mud next to the lower pool. She looked around and saw nobody. Somebody had just left it here, abandoned. What luck!

Next to the bag there was a long warhammer. Vasha was better suited to a spear, but the hammer was good steel, and well-made, from the looks of it. She could fetch a good price for that- since coming down from the mountain she'd discovered that even the smallest farming town usually had a blacksmith, and good steel could be melted down and used to make ploughs and hoes.

The rucksack had two pockets. She opened the smaller one first and found...

Books. Worthless piles of paper. She grunted and tossed those aside. Clothes of a strange cut, made of a light, thin fabric that Vasha had never seen before. Pretty, but far too small for her. She tossed those aside too. A metal rod about a handslength long with an odd bulge at the end. It appeared to be made of gold, which got Vasha excited- the smallfolk valued gold above all else- but she scratched it and discovered that it was just ordinary iron with some sort of golden paint over it. What was the point of such a thing?

The larger pocket was much more interesting, or at least, it contained more useful things. A length of hempen rope, flint and tinder, a box with little compartments inside, each filled with a different type of dried herb, and food. Food!

There was a lump of cheese wrapped in paper and a loaf of hard bread, both half-eaten, but Vasha laid into them anyway. The bread was gone in seconds, and she took great bites out of the cheese while she went through the last of the bag's contents: a lantern and a bottle of oil, a small knife, and a wooden member.

This last thing was pathetically, almost comically tiny. Was this what smallfolk men were like? If so, it was no wonder that the smallfolk women were starving for good sex wherever she went.

"Ai! Lokei zeze!?"

Several things happened all at once. Vasha grunted and jumped up to her feet, and caught just a glimpse of the naked, muscular woman leaping out of the upper pool of the hot spring before she was overcome by a sudden wave of dizziness and nausea. The woman ran at her, yelling something in a language that Vasha didn't recognize. Acting on instinct, Vasha tried to swing a fist at her, but the woman dodged under it and sidestepped around her, and Vasha realized too late that she'd overbalanced herself. She twisted to right herself and almost kept her feet, but at the last moment she slipped in the mud, fell backwards, and sat down hard on her own balls. The pain was so much that she cried out, collapsed on her side, and started to vomit in the mud, clutching her groin.

Now on the ground, she saw that the woman had slid to a halt next to the books that Vasha had tossed aside and was frantically trying to clean the mud off of one of them. She hadn't even been looking at Vasha, she realized. She'd been looking behind her, at the books.

Vasha, who had fought a bear with nothing but her fists and survived, who had hunted and thrived all her life in the harsh, unforgiving eternal winter of the Thunderhead, who had killed yetis and loved dozens of women, was brought low by some mud and a stranger who wasn't even trying to fight her. How pathetic.

There was another voice, shouting in a language that Vasha didn't recognize, and then a familiar blue face appeared over the edge of the upper pool.

"You!" Vasha cried.

She felt a hand on her forehead, a voice called out "Sleep!", and darkness overtook her.

---

There were voices. That was the first thing. They were talking, but Vasha couldn't make out the words. She opened her eyes and then quickly closed them again. Bright. Too bright. She tried again, much more slowly this time.

There was a blue blur to her right and a brown blur to her left. Both seemed unfathomably tall, towering over her.

"Vishana-lo vanize?" said the brown blur.

"What? I don't understand you," was what Vasha tried to say, but all that came out was a sort of grunt. Her mouth felt like it was full of honey.

"Padlis i lange Shaliat? Noni?" said the blue blur.

"What about Norðmol?" said the brown blur in Norðmol. It wasn't Vasha's first language, and her accent was strange, but she understood her.

"Norðmol! Yes, I speak Norðmol!" The blurs were becoming clearer now. The brown one was the muscular woman from before. She was wearing clothes now, a pair of leather leggings and a sort of cloth chest-wrap that wound over her shoulders but left her arms and midriff bare, and she had the most striking, vivid green eyes. The blue woman was not wearing clothes, and she had breasts that were among the largest Vasha had ever seen, even among her own people, as well as snow-white hair and tattoos that covered the entire length of both of her arms.

"You are lucky that Naala was more focused on her books than on fighting you," said the blue woman. She had a strange, lilting accent, stronger than and quite different from that of the other, as well as a warm, easy smile. "She would have won."

"I think she's sick," said green-eyes. "Did you see the spots on her back?"

"Aye, and it is known to me. I don't know the name of it in this tongue, but it is a sickness of the groin that spreads to the skin, and to the head. It makes you go funny in the head, makes you all dizzy, and it makes you throw up. That is why she fell down and left your bread in the mud."

"M'not sick," muttered Vasha. "Only smallfolk get sick. M'not a smallfolk."

"Does it hurt when you piss?"

"Aye..."

"Then you're sick!" said blue-skin cheerfully. "Everyone gets sick. Well, except for me and my sisters. We do not catch sicknesses of the groin, which is what you have. Do not worry yourself though! I will fix you up!" She kneeled and hefted one of her huge breasts, which took both hands, and a fat, glistening white drop appeared on the tip of her nipple. "I can put it in a bottle if you like, but it will be easier if you drink it straight from me."

Green-eyes made a face. "Really? She just threw up. It's still on her mouth."

Blue-skin dropped her breast, which jiggled obscenely and made a loud slap as it fell back down. "Eugh. Good point. Bottle it is!"

Vasha wiped her lips with her arm. "I'm not sick! I just sat on my balls, is all..." She tried to sit up, but as soon as she moved her head the world started to spin violently and she had to lay back down again.

"You sat on your what?" asked green-eyes.

"Don't move," said blue-skin as she rummaged through a purple bag at her side. "Moving will make it worse." She produced from it a small glass bottle with a metal lid. It was already full of white liquid. "Is this mine or yours? No, wait one moment..." She opened the bottle and took a small sip. "Definitely yours. Do you still want it? This is my only bottle."

Green-eyes was blushing all of a sudden, her eyes darting between Vasha and the bottle. "No!" she said quietly. "Just pour it out!"

"And waste it? It's still perfectly good!" Blue-skin threw back her head and quaffed the whole bottle in just a few gulps. "Aah... Now for you, my very tall friend."

The sheer volume of milk that poured from her breast when she squeezed her nipple into the bottle really was quite incredible. Vasha had seen nursing mothers before, but never anything quite like that. In just seconds it was filled, and blue-skin held it up to Vasha's lips.

"Are you one of the Great Huntress's healers, come to save me from this illness?"

"If you like! You haven't fucked anyone since you started feeling this way, have you?"

"No. It would hurt, I think..."

"Good. It only spreads after the signs appear, so you haven't given it to anyone else. Now drink!"

Vasha had never tasted breastmilk before, so she wasn't sure what to expect. It was thick, creamy, rich, and it tasted slightly of... honey? That was strange, but it was delicious nonetheless. She finished the bottle quickly, and a pleasant warmth started to grow in her stomach.

"In a few minutes you will no longer spread the sickness when you fuck, and in an hour you will feel as if there was never anything wrong at all. It may be best if you sleep until then. You look like you need it. Naala?"

Green-eyes nodded, and placed her hand on Vasha's forehead. "Sleep," she said, though her lips formed a different word, one that Vasha didn't recognize. Her eyelids got heavy...

---

When she awoke again the sun was a little higher in the sky, and the fog was gone from her head. She had been dragged up against the side of the hill that overlooked the hot spring, and her fur coat had been placed under her head as a makeshift pillow. She licked her lips and found that they had been cleaned, though the ghost of the taste of vomit was still in the back of her throat.

She stood, and discovered that the dizziness that had plagued her earlier was gone. Her balls were still sore, but other than that she felt clear of mind and hale of body for the first time, she realized, in days. She dipped her fingers in the water of the hotspring and found that it wasn't too hot to drink, so she gathered some up in her cupped hands.

"I wouldn't do that if I were you." It was green-eyes. She was sitting on a rock, using a bit of wool cloth to carefully daub at the pages of one of her books. Blue-skin was nowhere to be seen. "Hot springs are usually good to bathe in, but the water can absorb minerals that makes them harmful to drink." She did not look at Vasha as she spoke, never taking her eyes off of her book.

Vasha looked at her, then looked at the water cupped in her hands. It looked clear enough, perhaps the teensiest bit cloudy, but she had certainly drank worse before. Green-eyes watched her with a sideways glance as Vasha took a sip of the water despite her advice, gargled it, then spat it back out in the mud.

"Tastes fine to me," she said. "Better than throw-up." She eyed the warhammer that she'd found earlier. It was now propped up against the rock that green-eyes was sitting on, within quick reach for her.

She saw Vasha looking at it and shrugged. "We weren't sure if you would try to hit me again when you woke up."

"I do not want to fight. Where is your friend? The blue woman who healed me?"

"Making water. If you wanted my food you could have just asked, you know."

"I did not see you in the spring. Forgive, me, I did not have my head right, because of the sickness. I thought that your bag was abandoned. I am called Vasha. You are...?"

"Naala."

"I am sorry about your food, Naala."

"You destroyed one of my books." Her voice was terse as she held it up- a thick, leatherbound volume with a picture of a woman standing in a river etched on the cover. Vasha couldn't read the words, but then, at this point probably nobody could. Many of the pages had been ripped- the book had probably landed on a sharp rock when Vasha had tossed it aside earlier- and the pages that remained were soaked through with mud to the point that they had all turned brown and washed out the letters. "If you're going to apologize for anything, apologize for that."

"Oh. Sorry. You were able to clean the rest though?"

"For the most part." She was still determined not to look at Vasha, it seemed. She set the book she was cleaning down on the rock next to her next to four others, all with their pages fanned open. "Once these dry off they should still be readable. Please don't touch them again."

"This river woman book. You have already read it?"

"Yes?" She said it with the sort of intonation that just barely made it a question.

"Then the words are already in your mind, yes? Nothing important was lost."

"Nothing important?" She made the kind of face that Vasha would have made if a man told her he had fucked her mother. "It was important to me!"

"Why? It is just letters on paper."

"You can't read, can you?"

"Of course I cannot. Who needs to make words dance around on pieces of paper when you can just say them?"

"Then you can't understand. Now hush, someone's coming."

Indeed, a familiar voice began to filter through the trees. She was... singing. Singing a cheery and upbeat, though completely tuneless song:

"Walking through the snow, yeah yeah! Walking through the snow song, hey ho! Oh, it's hard to sing in Norðmol, ho hum! Don't know lots of words, so sed shanti in i Shalie, wei wei! Hey!" Blue-skin appeared from behind a tree, all bundled up in a thick fur coat much like Vasha's, her cheeks and nose flushed purple. "You're awake!"

"I feel better. Much better. Already the fog has left my head, and I feel strong again! I am in your debt." Vasha bowed deeply to her, the way she had seen other smallfolk do to each other.

"Oh, there's no need for that! Let me properly introduce myself. My name is Suminara, or Sumi if you like." Sumi began shedding her clothing as she spoke. "I am a humble servant of Vela Shei, the Lover." The coat came off first, revealing once again the enormity of her chest, as she was wearing nothing under it but for a pair of woolen trousers. "I am charged with destroying sicknesses of the groin wherever I find them, and my goddess has given me the tools to do that." She hopped out of the trousers with a surprising amount of grace, considering how much her breasts must have weighed. They were not the largest that Vasha had ever seen, but they were the largest she'd ever seen on one of the smallfolk.

By the time she came to stand in front of Vasha she was completely naked once again, holding her clothes bundled up under her arm and looking up in awe. She was tall, for one of the smallfolk, but even so the top of her head barely cleared Vasha's shoulders. "Gods, look at you! You're even bigger than you seemed when you were laying down!"

"My tallness is not the only part of me that is big," said Vasha, which elicited a giggle from Sumi and a raised eyebrow from Naala.

"I can see that! It's rare to meet one blessed with such womanliness, but I think Naala and I both have you beat!"

"Huh? Oh, my breasts." Vasha was still topless. She hadn't even thought about covering herself since waking up, but neither of the two of them seemed to mind much. That was rare for smallfolk, now that she thought about it. Usually they were much more adamant about not seeing each other uncovered, for reasons that Vasha still didn't really understand. "Yes, I guess they are big too. How would you like for me to repay you? I have no money, but I am willing to work until my debt to you is paid. You are from Shalia, yes? It is a long way from here. I could carry things for you, if you are traveling, or be your bodyguard for a time. I am very strong."

"I told you, there's no need for that. You owe me nothing. And besides, Naala already watches out for me." She sat next to Naala on her rock, wrapped her arm around her, and kissed her on the cheek. Naala blushed red down to her shoulders, and for the first time since Vasha had met her, she smiled, just a little bit. "But you can answer a question for me. Your sickness is spread through sex, and you picked it up somewhere. I need to know who gave it to you, and where."
