 © 2018 Unity Mitford. All rights reserved. The author asserts her right to be identified beyond the grave as the author of this story. This story or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the author except for the use of brief quotations in a review.

Well, it's the Winter Holidays competition on Literotica, and okay, it's time for a grimly dystopian little wintery tale of snow, sex, love, war and death. This one's an alternative-future-history SF story and it's more than a little downbeat and way grim but it does have some hot sex of course -- but it's not primarily sex, so if you're after a quick stroke story, this isn't it. For any of you that've read S. M. Stirling's Draka series, that was partly an inspiration for this, as was Jerry Pournelle's "Future History" to some extent. George Robert Elford's "Devil's Guard" was also something of an inspiration, as were a few books on the Spanish Civil War. It's also "military sex" in a manner of speaking - so enjoy, or experience, or recoil in horror, as you wish. 

Before you read, be warned. This doesn't have a happy ending. It's not at all Christmassy either, although the theme is wintery and in line with the Literotica Winter Holidays Competition guidelines. It's in the Winter Holidays competition, but I'm not running for any prizes with this one. Read it and, well, you'll understand. It is intended to provoke a little thinking and there's a lot of death and violence as well as sex so I can say with complete certainty that it won't be to everyone's taste. It was a bit intense to write too -- and after all that, please do remember, it is fiction, because some people do read the author into the story and really, you shouldn't. It's fiction. Maybe fiction with a message but still, it's fiction... Unity

Music to listen to while reading this: "The Snow Fell," version sung by Saga, "First to Die" by Haymaker and "Be Still My Soul," men's choral version

