 Copyright© 2010 by Stultus

Synopsis: A fantasy/romance novel of young blacksmith who rescues the Duke's daughter from a demonic attack. He breaks off the horn from the creature's head and slays the monster with it, nearly dying himself in the process. Recovering with the aid of a traveling gleaman and Lore-Master, the lad finds himself at the center of a new great adventure while seeking to find out what he is becoming, and what fate the Weavers have in store for him. The first chronological story of Weaver's World.

Sex contents: Some Sex

Genre: Romantic Fantasy

Codes: High Fantasy, MF, FF, Slow, Tears, Adventure, Oral, Anal

Originally Posted at SOL: 2010-03-12

******

 Thanks to my Editors, especially Dowd, Dragonsweb, Rx7Heaven, Sue, The Old Fart and other assorted Advance Readers! Author's Forward:

This novel length story occurs in the same world and series as my much earlier story "The Not So Green Hills of Home", but it is absolutely and completely unnecessary to read that story first and in fact I would suggest that you don't. This story is technically the first (and earliest) story of the series chronologically, and it will provide a more than adequate introduction to this fantasy world.

This particular story has been sitting in my ideas folder for three or four years, but it was only after I started writing 'Green Hills' that the final pieces of the this tale came together in my head and I realized I was envisioning another but rather different story in that same world. This did simplify things, until I realized later on once I slapped the world chronology into a rough sort of order that rather than this being a 'sequel' of sorts, this story was instead a much earlier prequel... with 'Green Hills' actually falling down into about sixth or seventh place in my revised story sequence. In other words, with my usual erratic organization, I'd nearly started to write the entire series in backwards reverse order!

Accordingly, this story that you are now reading is the proper start and probably the correct first story of the series... until I have another weird idea late some night for yet another prequel, but I plan to restrain myself. This series is confusing enough as it is.