 Andrew sat anxiously in Dr. Sylid's waiting room. He had never done anything like this before. He was a good husband. He'd never been to a strip club, been with a prostitute, he didn't even watch porn. In fact, the only woman he'd ever slept with was his wife, and he was proud of that fact. But, well, things weren't like they used to be. They hardly ever had sex anymore, and she refused to ever give blowjobs. Plus, he had a sneaking suspicion that she was sleeping with their neighbor, Samuel. It was downright embarrassing.

Andrew and his wife, Jennifer, of ten years just didn't connect like they used to. She didn't even want kids! What kind of wife won't give her husband children? He was getting desperate. All he wanted was a woman who he could love, take care of, and eventually, impregnate. He didn't think that was too much to ask for, but obviously, Jennifer did. So he had to resort to Dr. Sylid's unique services.

New technology allowed Dr. Sylid, a former professional porn star, to create custom androids that functioned as real humans. They looked real, felt real, and could even bear children. But they weren't just functionally human. They would obey your every wish, you could design every one of their features (including personality), and (if you so wished) give them superhuman traits. They were pricey, but Andrew didn't have a lot of options. Jennifer left him no choice.

"Andrew Simmons? The doctor is waiting for you." A beautiful young blonde woman interrupted his train of thought. She was the doctor's secretary, and Andrew wondered if she was an android. It was nearly impossible to tell the difference between the robots and humans. 

He nodded and stood up, a little shakey and nervous. What if Jennifer found out? I mean, she had to, eventually. What would she say? Would she file for divorce? Would that be such a bad thing? Andrew tried to focus on staying calm as he entered the office, the blonde holding the door open for him.

The office was neat and modern, with a little decorative waterfall on the back wall. An older man was sitting down infront of a computer, typing something up. The plaque on the table read: Dr. Maxwell Sylid, PhD. He looked up from the computer and smiled. "You must be Andrew! How are you?"

Andrew shrugged. "I'm a little nervous."

"Oh, there's no need for that! The whole process is very quick and easy. Do you have any idea what you're looking for?"

Andrew was taken aback. He hadn't even thought about how he would design his new doll. "I'm not sure." He said, thinking, and the doctor laughed. "Well, that's certainly unusual! Most men come in with a five-paragraph essay describing their dream girl--or guy. Well, let's start simple. What color hair do you like?"

"Not a blonde." Andrew said quickly. Jennifer was a blonde. The last thing he needed right now was to be thinking about his wife. "How about just brown. I like brunettes. And blue eyes! I've always wanted a blue-eyed girl." Andrew continued.The doctor typed something into his computer. 

"Okay, okay. And what kind of build do you want? Slender, a little bit of cushion-for-the-pushin', if you know what I mean?" He laughed. Andrew proceeded to describe his dream-girl, getting more comfortable with the situation. He described his dream height, breast size, the outfit he wanted her in, even foot size. He wondered how accurately the doctor would be able to capture his vision.

"Very good, very good." Dr. Sylid said, typing. "I see you're finally getting into the spirit of things! Now, do you want any...special features? I can give her a cock. One guy asked for a girl with a two foot cock, believe it or not!"

Andrew nodded no quickly. 

"What about wings? I can give her wings, if you're into that. Or a cat tail!"

Andrew nodded no again, and the doctor sighed. "Oh, well. That's alright. Anyway, everything seems to be in order here. I'll just submit your design and she'll be ready in about an hour. You can wait back in the waiting room."

Andrew nodded in agreement and stood up, hardly believing that in just an hour he'd have his dream girl, all for him! "Oh, and send in my B39 on your way out." Dr. Sylid said. When Andrew looked at him in confusion, he explained that B39 was the blonde secretary's name.

Andrew did as he was told, and the blonde walked into the office. He lingered in the doorway, watching in curiosity. To his complete shock, the secretary--B39--wasted no time getting down on her knees infront of her boss, unzipping his pants, and taking his wrinkly cock into her mouth. Andrew closed the door in surprise, trying to ignore the feeling in his own pants. 37 years without porn will make a guy...sensitive down there.

Andrew had a seat in the waiting room, idly flipping open a magazine to kill time. The thing was littered with images of huge, throbbing cocks and naked women, covered in semen. He couldn't tear his eyes away, it was like nothing he'd ever seen before. For his entire life, he'd managed to avoid the adult entertainment industry, but now he saw that it was a wonderland. He had been missing out on so much. By now, his penis had inflated to it's full length in his pants, a little above average at seven inches. He resentfully thought that it hadn't ever been enough to please Jennifer.

The full hour passed in what felt like minutes, as Andrew spent the whole time drooling over the pornographic magazine. A woman dressed just like B39 entered the room, this one with red hair. "Mr. A Simmons, your Android is ready and waiting for you to give her a test drive. Follow me."

The redheaded secretary led Andrew through a door and down a hallway lined with identical doors without windows before stopping infront of one of them. "This is your room. Your Android is inside. You'll be able to test her out before you go home, and make any adjustments if you need. Please let me or B39 know if you have any issues." With that, she took a key out of her pocket and unlocked the door. She told him to let her know when he was finished, and left.

Andrew nervously slid the door open, almost too excited to look. He felt like he was going to bust out of his pants. Shutting the door behind him, he took a deep breath and took his first look at his custom-made whore.

She was everything he wanted. She was tall, but not taller than him, and had full, double d breasts. Her hips were full, but her waist, legs, and arms were slender. She had long dark brown hair, and ice blue eyes. She wore a sexy see-through red nightgown that he could see her perfect nipples and hairless pussy through. She had on thigh-high black nylon stockings, and red stilettos. 

"Uh...hi." He mumbled, amazed. She smiled, showing him her straight, white teeth. "Hello, Master. My name is K84."

Andrew blinked away his surprise. "K84? No, no...you need a real name."

"What would you like my name to be, Master?"

"I..." He thought. "Marie. Your name is Marie." Marie was his high school crush, the girl he had designed her after.

"Yes Master." The android replied. "What would you like me to do for you?"

Andrew was flabbergasted. There were so many possibilities! Suddenly he knew exactly what he wanted.

"Start by giving me a blowjob." He said, suddenly confident. Marie smiled and nodded, approaching him. 

"Why don't you have a seat, Master?" She offered, and Andrew finally took in his surroundings. The room contained a rich-looking carpet, king sized bed, and flickering fireplace in the corner. It was the image of wealth and luxury. The two walked over to the bed, and Andrew had a seat on the edge of it.

Marie got down on her knees, just like B39 had done in Dr. Sylid's office. She bit her lower lip seductively, and slowly slid down Andrew's zipper. Taking her time, she felt into his boxers, and removed his penis carefully. "You have a very nice cock, Master." She said, looking up at him, admiring it just like his wife never had. She started stroking it, and Andrew panted. Not rushing things, Marie kissed the tip, then took the sizable head into her hot, wet mouth, and he moaned loudly.

"Do you like that, Master?" She asked, taking it out for a second but still stroking. 

"Y-yes!" Andrew could barely say the word. Her mouth felt so good, so real around his dick. He decided that blow jobs were underrated, and Marie knew just how to give them.

She licked it up and down, then took the head back into her mouth and took more of it, all the way to her uvula, not gagging at all to Andrew's disappointment.

"Choke on it!" He instructed, and to his complete delight, Marie began to gag on the length. He almost came then and there. "Just like that, baby..." He said with a raspy voice. "Now take the whole thing."

Without hesitation, the android stopped her gagging and brought her lips to the base of his cock in one swift motion, deep-throating the length. 

Andrew felt his balls begin to tighten and knew he was close. "Stop!" He gasped, barely holding in his seed. Marie looked up at him, unmoving, his entire cock still down her throat. "I want to fuck you now." He said, and she slowly removed his length from her mouth.

"Yes master." She said and obediently stood up infront of him, waiting while he took off his pants and shoes completely. Without him asking, she then slipped off her nightgown, revealing her bare breasts and pussy, wearing nothing but her heels and stockings. The sight was extremely erotic, and it excited him even more than any of the pictures in the porn magazine had.

"Will you fuck my ass or my cunt, Master?" 

He didn't have to think. He'd have to cum in her snatch to impregnate her. He would come back for her ass later.

"Your cunt. Now bend over the bed."

She did as she was told, pulling her ass cheeks apart as she did. Her asshole and labia were both light pink, just like he had requested. He inserted a probing finger into her pussy, discovering that it was sopping wet. Jennifer had never gotten that wet for him. Her pussy had always felt like dry sandpaper on his dick.

He removed his finger and positioned his cock head at her entrance, slowly inserting it. He and Marie both let out moans in unison. "That feels gooooood, Master..." She groaned, almost sending him over the edge. He continued pushing until his whole cock was inside her, Marie moaning extremely loudly the whole time. "God, you're so big!" She gasped. His wife had never said that before.

Andrew began thrusting slowly at first, in and out, in and out, enjoying the wet sticky sounds it made. He began to increase in speed, then decrease, then increase again. He felt his balls start to tighten once more, and pulled out to halt the pleasure before he exploded, not wanting to finish just yet. Jennifer always complained that he came too fast.

Marie looked back at him, lips pouty and eyebrows together. "Please, Master, put it back...I miss the feeling of your big, fat cock in me..."

Andrew grinned, then moved to lay down on the bed, taking off his shirt. "I want you to ride me now, Marie."

Marie smiled and crept toward him on the bed, crawling on hands and knees. On her way up, she took the opportunity to take his head into her mouth and stroke it a couple times before continuing to his face. She kissed him passionately in a way that his wife never had, entangling her tongue with his. Without breaking the kiss, she reached back and positioned his cock at the entrance to her soaking cunt.

She slowly pulled away from Andrew's mouth, sitting down on his dick. "Mmmmmm...Master..." She whispered, moaning. "I love you so much..." She knew just how to press his buttons. Of course she did. He had designed her that way.

She sat up a little, then back down, rocking her hips with his cock still inside. "Master, you feel sooooooo good inside me!" She exclaimed, increasing in speed. She rode him up and down, up and down, up and down, faster and faster with Andrew thrusting into her at the same time. "Master! Master!" The sound of Marie's screams and Andrews grunts combined into a sexy symphony. "Master, I'm cummingggggggg!" She shrieked, the walls of her pussy vibrating around his cock. Desperate not to release his load just yet, Andrew thought about Jennifer's saggy breasts and dry pussy. As the android came down from her orgasm, Andrew slid out from beneath her.

"Now get on your hands and knees," He instructed. The obedient brunette slave followed his instructions flawlessly, still panting from her explosive orgasm. "Oh, Master, you made me cum so good..." She sighed, much to Andrew's satisfaction. With her waiting for him, he rammed his entire cock into her pussy, not slow like before. Marie screamed in reaction, grasping at the sheets with her fists and curling her toes. "Oh fuck!" She moaned as Andrew began to thrust in and out again.

"I--love--you--too!" He grunted between fast-paced thrusts. Marie laughed in pleasure and ground her hips against his pelvis with him inside her. "Yes, Master! Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes!" She yelled, feeling her second orgasm building. "Yes, Yes, YES, YES!!" She arched her back in pure ecstasy.

Andrew felt the familiar tightening in his full balls again, but this time didn't bother to pull out. "Say my name!" He demanded, thrusting as fast as he could, removing his entire cock except the head, then ramming it back in again. 

"ANDREW!" She screamed as loud as she could, throwing her head back as she came. At the same time, Andrew felt his baby-juice flow from the base of his cock up the length and out the tip, releasing into Marie's twitching android pussy. He came, and came, releasing into a woman's vagina for the first time. His god damn bitch wife had always made him pull out. HA! He was finally getting his revenge!

It was the biggest load he had ever released, string after string of sticky white jizz left his heaving balls and were deposited in Marie's hungry snatch, which sucked it up greedily. Gasping for air, they both came down from their orgasms, laying next to each other on the plush bed. "Oh, God, Master. That felt so good." Marie whispered.

"I know, baby." Andrew sighed, looking up at the bed's canopy. "I hope I got you pregnant." He said after a long silence. Marie propped herself on one elbow and looked at her owner, still wearing her heels and stockings. "You did." She said certainly. "It's a boy."

Andrew broke into a grin. "When I take you home tonight, we're celebrating."

"What's the occasion, My Love?" The android asked, batting her long, dark eyelashes.

"Oh, we have so much to celebrate, Marie! Me buying you, you getting pregnant, my first blow job. Plus, tonight, I'm filing for divorce."

Marie laughed and leaned over her owner, giving him a deep kiss. "Give the bitch hell."