 Hello reader. Parts one and two of this story were published here at Literotica under the category of mind control. That category never quite fit the story so I thought I'd try it here in science fiction and fantasy. Following is a brief write up to get you caught up.

**********

In part one Kent Orlando, a young man from Ohio, attending Honolulu University, participates in a lab experiment. He does it to appease Harriet Kono, a pretty science geek he has a crush on. All is fine as Harriet runs tests with Kent wearing what she calls the cerebral mental enhancer and image stimulator helmet. Kent calls it the brain tube for short. When the tests are all done, Kent heads to the dorms feeling dejected because Harriet shows no interest in him out side of her experiment. Eventually, he goes to bed and wakes the next morning to his all too boring college routine. The only change is his digital clock strangely stuck on 1:23 in the morning. Because of the broken clock, Kent shows up late for his morning anthropology class. To Kent's amazement, his morning class turns into a hardcore sex orgy centered around the cute Filipino TA named Nefertiti and the instructor who looks a lot like actress Sandra Oh from the TV show Grey's Anatomy. A distraught Harriet Kono appears to Kent accompanied by, of all things, a peacock. Harriet informs him that he is still in her lab wearing the brain tube helmet and something has gone seriously wrong. Harriet tries to persuade Kent to follow her to a neutral local so that she can figure out how to get the brain tube off his head safely. But Kent ignores her for he is having WAY too much fun.

In part two, Kent hooks up with Nefertiti, the cute Filipino TA once more. She guides him through a new sexual adventure involving a hot Chinese-Hawiian girl named Oleander and the actress Grace Park from the Hawaii Five-O TV series. The unlikely orgy takes place underwater in an aquarium tank. With help from her peacock companion, Harriet tracks Kent down and tries desperately to convince him that he is in serious trouble. She tells him that it is unsafe for her to remove the helmet from his head while he is engaged in a fantasy. She had done just that to the previous test subject and bad things had happened. To Harriet's dismay, Kent doesn't cooperate and chooses to sink deeper into the fantasy world of the brain tube. All Harriet can do is send her peacock avatar to find Kent in the confusing world created by her invention. 

**********       

Kent Orlando sat up abruptly in his Honolulu University dorm room bed. He automatically looked at the digital clock on his nightstand, the time was 1:23. The busted clock meant that he was still in the fantasy world of the brain tube helmet and the game was still on. 

"More sleazy fun lay ahead," he said to himself, "Now all I have to do is avoid Harriet Kono."

As he swung his legs to the floor, he heard a muffled thump coming from his closet. Puzzled, he walked to the closet door and cautiously slid it open. He jumped back with a start when a peacock staggered out into the room. The thing looked seriously rumpled and it gave Kent a hostile glare.

"SQUAAAAK!" the bird said loud and obnoxious. 

Kent hurriedly threw on denim shorts, running shoes and a t-shirt. Past experience has told him that arrival of the peacock meant that Harriet wasn't far behind. As he sat on his bed lacing his shoes, it occur to him that getting dressed was kind of pointless. In this fantasy world created by Harriet's brain tube going out in his pajamas or even buck naked wouldn't matter one lick. He finished tying his shoes anyway. He stood, pushed the scruffy bird aside and headed toward the door. But it was too late, the door flew open and Harriet Kono stood in the hall blocking his retreat. She was dressed exactly as he had seen her three days ago in a Grateful Dead t-shirt, jeans and her signature white lab coat. For the first time he wondered about TIME. How long have I under the influence of the brain tube? To him it felt like three days.

"Kent!" Harriet yelled, drawing him back to the moment. Her cute Japanese face tight with an angry frown. "Game over! Come with me now!"

Kent's shoulders slumped. "Guess this moment had to come," he said sounding defeated.

"Thank you!" Harriet said as her expression relaxed and a look of relief took hold. "Running around in your head hasn't been easy for some reason. I Think I gotta adjust something. Anyway, if I had allowed you to avoid me too much longer there would have been serious—"

Kent made a mad dash for the door but it slammed shut before he reached it. He frantically grabbed the knob but it wouldn't turn. He stared at the door and willed it to open but nothing happened.

"No more messing around, Kent!" Harriet shouted, angry again. "You are coming with me!" The peacock squawked in agreement.

"I can take you!" Kent said facing Harriet ready to fight. He was more than a foot taller than her and a hundred pounds heavier.

"This isn't the real world Kent," She said menacingly. To prove her point, she grabbed his roommate's heavy wooden bed and one handed, with no apparent effort, slammed it against the wall splintering the bed to pieces. 

"Two can play that game," Kent said as he grabbed his bed to do the same, but the bed wouldn't budge. 

"Oh shit," he said as he backed away from Harriet the sudden She-Hulk. His eyes flashed to the window. "See you later," he said and threw himself at the window, easily smashing through the louver glass and thin screen. The move had clearly taken Harriet by surprise and he let out a maniacal laugh of triumph. But his victory was short lived as he dropped the nine floors to the bottom. His fall lasted just long enough for him to form a sickening thought. 

What if I'm seriously deranged and in the real world I've just thrown myself out the window?

He didn't even have time to scream as he hit the ground. Everything went red. 

My blood he though, I'm seeing my blood all over the ground... No pain though ... maybe that comes later ... or I'm seconds from death and I won't feel a thing ... that would be nice.

Then he found himself falling again but in the opposite direction going up. He leveled out and dropped once more and this time he did scream as he fell back into red death ... and then he was going up again. 

"What the fuck?" he yelled and frantically looked around and saw that he was in one of those kiddy inflated bouncy castles with a red rubber-vinyl interior. 

He let out hysterical laughter as his bouncing subsided. He scrambled around and found the exit flap and slid out to the ground.

"KENT!" screamed Harriet from nine stories up. Kent looked up and saw her looking out of the broken window down at him, the peacock poked its head out too. The bird let out a huge squawk that echoed in the quadrangle shared by the four dorm towers. Kent looked back at the bouncy castle and saw that it wasn't a castle at all, it was a giant clown's head and he had crawled out of the thing's smiling mouth. For some reason he found that disconcerting. 

"Creepy," he said. 

He looked back up at Harriet, waved and then headed toward campus. He didn't know why, but Harriet had a rough go at moving around in his fantasy world and it would be some time before she caught up to him again. 

He took in his surroundings as he fast walked toward campus. For some bizarre reason, a carnival circus was set up and spread out from the dorms to campus. He vaguely remembered that in the real world, the student union had done some kind of charity carnival thing recently. Perhaps Harriet's brain tube helmet had used the memory to create his spectacular escape. He vaguely wondered what would have happen if he had died in the fall. Probably wake up in Harriet's lab and game over. He was glad for the creepy clown head for he was having too much fun to end this just yet. 

"Now where too?" he wondered aloud.

"Art department dude," his friend Donny said falling in step beside him.

He knew that this wasn't the real Donny and just another mental fragment from his imagination brought forth by the brain tube. The real Donny was back in Ohio avoiding work ... and probably stoned.

"Let's go check out that Meka Okuda chick from art history 101," the fantasy Donny said. He wore a bright orange aloha shirt and black surfer jams. Over his shoulder he carried a backpack like any other student on the Honolulu campus. "Man, that Meka is the tallest and shapeliest Japanese chick I've ever seen. She's gotta be over five ten!" Donny said with a dirty leer.

"Good idea," Kent said as dirty thoughts of tall, beautiful Meka Okuda filled his head now. "Go away Donny." Kent didn't feel bad for being rude. The real Donny was annoying enough, this fake Donny created from his memory was fucking unbearable.

"Aw dude!" Donny complained, but obeyed and veered off toward the astronomy building. Before he disappeared out of sight, Donny shouted, "I'll be baawwk!" in a bad Terminator German accent.

The circus stuff was everywhere. He passed a marry-go-round, a mechanical duck shooting gallery, a ring toss game, one of those test your strength hammer things with a bell at the top, a fortuneteller's tent, even an elephant with a chimpanzee riding on its back. Everywhere, circus acrobats seem to be jumping and tossing each other about. A couple of clowns meandered by, one juggling several bowling pins and the other breathing fire. There was something unsavory about the clowns so he gave them a wide berth.

His stomach rumbled. Fantasy world or not, it was morning and he craved his usual big breakfast of fried rice, two runny eggs and Portuguese sausage. Kent was from Ohio but he had adapted quickly to the local fatty and salty cuisine. As he debated heading back toward the dorms to the Aloha cafeteria, someone new fell in step with him again. He was pleased to see that it was Nefertiti Ulamat his cute Filipino TA from Anthropology 202. 

"Neffie!" he said using the nickname the real Nefertiti had insisted he call her.

The girl stood just shy of five feet, with medium brown skin, long dark hair and almond shaped eyes that seemed slightly bigger than a normal person's. She had an attractive slim figure with tiny, perky breasts.

"I'll buy you lunch," she said giving him a dazzling bright smile. 

By now he was used to people in his fantasy world knowing what exactly was on his mind. "Cool," he said. "I'm curious ... if this is all just an illusion created by Harriet's brain tube, why bother being hungry?"

"Probably because you're real body is hungry," Neffie guessed. She led him to a carnival food booth. A dreary looking clown handed them pizza slices and bottles of beer. Neffie barely looked at the clown as she accepted her food. Kent didn't blame her, the clown was fucking creepy. 

As they walked away from the food booth Kent muttered, "What's with all the weird clowns?"

"I have no idea," Neffie said looking back at the creepy clown. "This is your head, not mine."

Kent took a bite of his pizza slice. "Oh my God!" he said with his literoticamouth full. "This is the best pizza I have ever tasted!"

Neffie took a bite too. She nodded, swallowed and then said, "The neuro-helmet, or brain tube as you like to call it, found your memory of the best pizza experience and brought it forth."

"Wait, wait! I know where this is from. House of Pizza, San Jose California," he said excited. "The basketball team was on the road playing San Jose. San Jose wiped the court with us, one hundred five to fifty seven. It was embarrassing. But the pizza after the game was awesome. It came with a side of minced jalapeno."

Neffie handed him a little round plastic container like the ones you get at McDonald's for ketchup. Of course it was filled with minced jalapeno peppers. Kent laughed as he applied a couple of pinches to his slice.  

He looked at his bottle of beer. There was no label, the glass dark, almost black. He took a sip. It was cold ... and perfect. He rolled his eyes up and smacked his lips. "Happy hour at the Duck Creek in Akron! I was with Ashley Grant and her friend Joy, Ashley's cousin Ethan was there too. It was a pitcher of half New Castle and half Guinness." 

Neffie giggled and led him to a bench on the campus mall to eat their meal. As they ate, they watched circus acrobats practicing stunts on the grass in front the biology lecture hall. He looked at Neffie who seem to be enjoying her pizza and beer just as much as he was. Wondering, he asked, "What exactly are you Neffie?" 

"A creation from your sexual psyche," she said casually.

He cringed. She seemed so nice and sweet. He found it hard to believe that his perverted side had come up with her.

"Since I'm a recurring theme in your fantasies, I'm more like Huxtable," she said around a big bite of pizza.

"Huxtable?"

"You know? The peacock?"

"Didn't know he had a name," he said. "And what is Huxtable suppose to be?"

"He is Harriet's avatar created by the brain tube. He's the one that tracks you down. That is why you see him first before Harriet."

"You're my avatar?" he asked surprised. "Shouldn't you be an animals like Huxtable the peacock?"

"You are more sexually..." she put a finger to her chin and rolled her eyes up to think, she looked absolutely adorable. But it was clear to him that she was trying to find the right words to put a nicer spin on his perverted longings.

"Just tell me why you and not some animal or even my favorite porn star Mandy Almond?"

She smiled. "The brain tube picked me because recently, you have had hundreds of sexual fantasies of me in gangbang situations surrounded by—"

"Okay! Got it!" he said stopping her short. He cringed at the sleazy memory of the bukakke gangbang thing with Neffie and celebrity Sandra Oh. "Sorry for my depraved imagination," he said sheepishly.

She smiled. "No worries. Remember, I'm not the real thing. Besides, if not for you, I wouldn't exist."

"But you don't exist?" he said a little confused.

She took a swallow of beer. "This is really good beer," she said. "I was created by you for the brain tube and for as long as this fantasy is running I live." she gave him one of her big white smiles.

Curious as to something Harriet had said in passing, Kent asked, "Who was the person Harriet used the first brain tube on?" 

"Alice Mihara, a close friend of hers," Neffie said. 

Her faced clouded with sadness and something else... was it fear? "What happened?" he asked

"Things got a out of control," Neffie said close to a whisper. She looked at him with pleading eyes. "Can we talk about something else?"

This Alice thing worried him, relentlessly he asked, "Did Alice die?"

"Goodness no!" Neffie said wide eyed. "The real Alice had some headaches for a few days but no more than that. Although Alice and Harriet aren't friends anymore I hear."

Kent frowned. "What you mean by the REAL Alice?"

"The Alice that wore the helmet," Neffie said with a shrug.

"Is there another Alice?" Kent asked confused.

"Yes, she lives in a different part of the helmet. She has her own personal fold." Kent was about to ask her to explain further, but Neffie cut him off. 

"The game is afoot," she said bobbed her head in the direction of a bench across from them.

Kent looked and saw a woman in snug black slacks and a white top, seated with her legs cross reading a book. He turn to Neffie to ask her what was up, but the girl was gone leaving behind the uneaten crust of her pizza on a paper napkin and an empty beer bottle. Not sure what to do, Kent picked up her leavings and along with his, walked it all to a trashcan near the seated woman. A sign on the trashcan said MAHALO. Kent chuckled at the word. For a while he thought that mahalo meant trashcan. Then later, he saw the same word on a shopping cart, confused, he asked a local what the word meant. He was told that It was 'thank you' in Hawaiian. 

He eyed up the woman sitting on the bench reading her book. She was Asian, maybe in her early forties and quite stunning. His eyes grew wide when it clicked who she was. 

"You're Lucy Liu!" he just about yelled.

She looked at him with her amazing dark eyes. Her striking freckled face crinkled with a frown. "My name is Joan Watson," she said curtly.

"Oh right," he said excited. "Like in Sherlock Holmes on TV!"

Her eyes flashed passed him to the campus lawn. Without looking at him, she said, "Either move along or sit down. Decide now before you blow my cover."

He sat down next to Lucy Liu AKA Joan Watson. He followed Joan's gaze out to the lawn and saw a group of circus acrobats, all female, in snug body suits doing acrobatic stuff. He looked back at Joan in profile, she was so beautiful. In his firmest macho voice, he said, "Get naked for me."

She looked at him crossly and said, "Are you off your nut?"

"Goddammit!" he said rolling his eyes toward the heavens. "Why do all my fantasies have to be so complicated in the beginning?" He was addressing what he hoped was the brain tube. "If I was paying for this I'd be asking for my money back you know!"

"Are you on drugs?" Joan asked.

"I'm—" 

"Quiet! They're on the move!" She put her book in her purse and stood. "Come or stay. Up to you." She walked in the direction of the departing acrobats.

His eyes fell on her righteous ass in her snug black slacks. "I'm coming," he said and hoofed after her.

"Where are we going?" he asked falling in with her quick strides.

"Sherlock told me that these circus acrobats are somehow linked to international art thieves."

"Right ... Sherlock. What's he like?"

"A pain most the time but never boring."

The group of acrobats stopped suddenly. Joan grabbed Kent's sleeve and pulled him in for an unexpected kiss. This is interesting, he thought as he melted against her. The kiss was intense and perfect. Joan kissed a lot like Ashley his old girlfriend from Ohio. Harriet is going to make a BILLION buck with this brain tube! he thought as the kiss gained traction.

Joan pushed him away abruptly and said, "They're not looking."

The acrobats were on the move again. After a cautious delay, Joan resumed the pursuit.

A bit dazed, Kent fell in beside her. After THAT kiss, there was no way he was letting her slip away.

"What are they again?" he asked eying the group they were following. All five appeared to be female, slim and petite like gymnasts, all were dressed in snug outfits, three in silver, two in red. 

"Their circus act is a front for smuggling stolen art to North America from Europe and Asia," Joan said, watching ahead intently. The acrobats were approaching the edge of campus and University Avenue.

"Do I have any control of this situation?" he asked. He was nearly jogging to keep up with her fast walking.

"Why would you?" she asked perplexed.

"Well, this is MY fantasy and I feel that I should have—"

"I have no idea what you're talking about," Joan said sounding impatient. 

He rolled his eyes for he wanted to get to the sexy stuff. As he was about to call on Neffie for some help, Joan said, "Damn! They're loading into a vehicle."

Kent watched the acrobats pile into a plain white panel van and it quickly pulled into the flow traffic before the sliding door was closed.

"Taxi!" Joan called out with her arm in the air.

"Good luck with that," Kent scoffed. "This ain't New York. Taxi's don't troll for fairs in Honolulu."

To prove him totally wrong, a yellow checkered cab pulled up to the curb. Joan opened the door and got in. "You coming?" she asked with impatience from inside the cab.

Kent got in beside her.

"Where to lady?" the cabbie asked.

To Kent's astonishment, the cabbie was his best friend Donny.

"Told you I'd be baaaack," Donny said with a big stupid grin. 
