 We used some names of our favorite animes, movies, and games. Most I'm sure you will recognize. But the story is all original and entirely ours.

WE DO NOT OWN A FEW NAMES IN THIS SERIES ALL COPYRIGHT'S BELONG TO THEIR MAKERS. WE USED THEM FOR ENJOYMENT PURPOSES ONLY.

Please enjoy our story and leave feedback good or bad. I can post content very quickly so there will be little down time waiting for the next chapter.

-Nam&Rox

In this chapter there is a character named C.C. we love this character from the anime Code Geass and decided to put her in our story. Her name is pronounced C2. It starts out going back to the slave auction and is told from Kylie's point of view. The whole story is not like this; it has a nice flow after this.

P.S.- The erotica is soon! Stay tuned ;) They are steamy.

***

Chapter Two: Kylie's POV/Introductions

The creature examining Kylie was horrifying. The way it looked, moved, and spoke, she assumed it was speaking, when it was making that horrid sound. Trying to stay as quiet as she could, she watched the men. She noticed the giant man handing the, what she would call an alien, a card of some sorts. Soon after the man walked over to Kylie, she was trying to inspect him as well as he walked towards her. He had very large arms and legs, nothing that she ever saw before, at least not that large on a man. His chest was perfectly structured as was the rest of him. She thought what perfect blonde hair the man had, and wished her hair looked as good. Surely he was not human, but looked the most like one. Shaking herself out of this daydream she was having, she heard the man mumble a series of words to her. She tried to say something back, but through the confusion she was too afraid to speak, so she just looked to the ground and began to cry again.

Kylie started to panic as the electrical current slowly started to fade. She knew these guards would kill her if she were down on the ground. She almost didn't want to leave the bindings at that moment in time. Just as that thought passed her mind, she noticed thin walls forming around her putting her in what seemed like a glass box and coffin. She did not like being in the box at all. Kylie began to bang on the glass screaming. The next thing she knew she was on her back flying across the room. She was freaking out so badly, and the small box began to get very dark and very quiet; by this time she was thankful that she was passing out.

An extremely loud noise snapped Kylie out of her unconscious state. The man who shielded her from the bullets just punched a hole in the box with some sort of metal arm. Her eyes became wide with fear.

"Wh-where are you taking me? Are you going to ki-kill me?" Kylie managed to choke out through incoming tears. She hoped with all this commotion the man could hear her.

Slowly pulling himself back onto the top of the transport, Cainn looked down to the girl placing his left palm over her cheek. 

"I will not hurt you, and I need you to trust me." Cainn pleaded to the girl before turning his attention to the communicator in his left ear. Looking over his right shoulder a monolithic vessel seemed to be following them, the under belly of the machine had several large discs that were all glowing. Slowly the massive machine lowered itself to line up parallel with the vessel Cainn and the girl was trapped on. The side of the machine seemed to open slowly revealing Talon holding a large gun in her hands and Grom strapping himself to a line within the ship. Standing behind them were several other crew members ready to help in case anything went wrong.

Cainn looked back down to the human with a slight smirk before helping her out of the coffin and tightly holding her with his left arm. Extending his right arm towards the ship his hand shot off his arm from his wrist towards the Nebakanezer gripping tightly into the wing, piercing through the top layer of metal. Grom quickly grabbed a hold of the thick metal line between Cainn's arm and his hand. Talon finally got the order to shoot the ship, sending a powerful blast of energy to the transport causing the circuits to be fried disabling the machine. Cainn's grip of the girl tightened as he yelled for her to hold onto him. The feeling in his right arm subsided as his limb was also disabled by the EMP blast.

As the machine fell from under them, the two dangled in midair as Grom slowly pulled the line like he was pulling up an anchor on a boat. Finally reaching the ship, Cainn assisted in getting the woman up first then was pulled over the edge by Grom, the crew members all quickly went to their duties as Cainn ordered the hatch to be shut. Without any hesitation a tall blue woman with hooves, named Nahlani, approached Cainn checking for any wounds. Grom tightly grabbed Cainn's mechanical right arm and pulled it from his body before opening a large case revealing another arm.

Suddenly a pale woman with extremely large breasts and small angel wings emerging from her shoulder blades slowly walked up to Cainn, her face was flawless and beautiful, but it also seemed to be void of any expressions. Her long pink hair fell down her back passed her bottom down to the back of her thighs. Her outfit was quite revealing but seemed to suit her well.

"Master, are you okay?" The woman asked with a slight hint of concern in her voice, at least the most she could show.

"I am fine Ikaros. Can you assist me with my arm?" Cainn asked as he lightly patted the top of her head. Cainn was used to the pain that came with replacing his arm each time he damaged it. Slowly the arm entered the mechanic socket in his arm as the receivers linked and twisted ensuring the arm remained in place.

"Nahlani check the girl, and Talon get her something to wear we can't have her naked the whole trip it might tempt Grom." Cainn said in a joking manner as the large orc mumbled something under his breathe. Talon quickly found a blanket to cover the girl before she left to her quarters to find something with more coverage.

Cainn tossed the broken communicator from his left ear into a trash unit before pressing a button on the wall and speaking into the intercom. 

"Hey Nymph, Lay us down just below the smog so we can lose those police units. Once we know we are free from them set coordinates for home and join us in the mess hall for a celebration. Bring Astraea too." Looking back to the girl, Cainn slowly walked over to her and Nahlani, to make sure she wasn't harmed.

Kylie sat quietly on the floor of this large aircraft she was in. Silently thanking the woman for getting her a blanket. Not only was she naked, but she was freezing as well. Still frightened by the events that just took place a few moments ago, she tried to relax and control her breathing.

There were so many people around her. She inspected them all trying to make sense of what they were. The lead man had what seemed like a robotic arm. 'Odd sight to see', she thought to herself as she watched the strange woman help him remove the arm. She called him master. Kylie wondered if she was a slave and if she went through the same process as she. The deep red woman with a large tattoo all over her body is the one who handed Kylie the blanket. 'Such gorgeous features this woman has vibrant yellow eyes and a very slender waist.' Covering her breasts was a cloth hardly large enough to cover them completely, but it did not seem to move around to reveal what was underneath. The cloth covering her bottom area was the same. 'If I had such beautiful skin and markings, I would not want to be covered in clothes either.' She thought to herself. The very large, green creature frightened her. The way he grunted was unnerving. She hoped she would not have to get close to that one. Especially since the man stated he enjoyed her being naked.

Kylie sat against the wall and laid her head back trying to put together all the pieces. This was impossible she had no idea who these creatures were, or where they were going. Anger started to stir in the pit of her stomach. She hoped soon they would explain to her where they were going, and what they were going to do with her.

"What is going on?!" Kylie finally found the courage to scream. Tears started to roll down her eyes again.

Cainn let a reassuring smile pass his lips as he slowly sat next to the girl. Nahlani stepped back and out of the room with Grom, knowing that the girl needed some space while he tried to make sense of things.

"I will explain everything..." Cainn started in a soft tone trying to ease the information onto her and avoid making her cry more than she already has. "My name is Cainn; I am human just like you. That arm is a replacement from an injury I sustained while a slave. You are no longer on planet Earth. I was also hesitant to believe it as well, but I feel that everything you just saw would help prove it to you. This is my ship the Nebakanezer and everyone here is my crew. The facility that you were being held was a slave auction house. Normally they are not so well guarded, but you are not a run of the mill species. Humans are one of the few species in the universe that are worth a fortune and are very rare to come by. Grom and Talon are also species that are on that list. You three would very well cost in the millions of dollars if compared to Earth money." Cainn paused trying to allow the girl some time to absorb everything before he continued. 

"Nahlani is a Draenei, a race known for their medical practice. Grom is an Orc, easily one of the most powerful beings when it comes to raw strength, and Talon is a Lethan Twi'Lek, a powerful race that has mastered telekinetic powers. Now if you are thinking what I thought when I first arrived as a slave, is why are humans so expensive when we do not have such abilities? Well, when it comes to certain atmospheres and planets we are the aliens and have a strange ability to adapt, this far away from our planet you could perhaps learn techniques of the Lethan Twi'Lek or the medical powers of the Draenei. More importantly the reason us humans are so priceless is that our genetics are more excepting and flexible then that of other races. If you bred with a Lethan Twi'Lek male then you very well could give birth to one of that race, the chances of his blood being a watered down version are very slim. Many races are being extinct because the females are not being able to successfully carry children. The man that purchased you was in fact a God, but don't think of him as the God Earth has made the name to be. Gods are very powerful beings capable of immortality and various powers, but they are not the 'know all see all' that some religions have turned them into. We actually have a God as a crew member of this very ship, well a Goddess that is. She is not what you would expect of a Goddess to be though." Cainn finished his last sentence with a slight laugh as he thought of C.C.

"Master, dinner is finished and Talon sent me with this dress for the new girl." Ikaros said as she entered the holding block with a black silky soft dress.

"This is Ikaros." Cainn said with a smile as he slowly rose to his feet and lightly pet the angel on her head. "She is an Angeloid, which is a fancy android created by the Synapse's greatest scientist. She is possibly the sweetest and caring person I have ever met." Ikaros' face was slightly confused but instead just enjoyed the gentle rubbing from her master. "I have been trying to break her from calling me master for quite some time now, but I kind of gave up since it seems to bring her peace of mind. We have two more Angeloids aboard this ship. Nymph who is our pilot and Astraea which, like Ikaros, is our extra muscle in case we get into a nasty bind. I want you to treat them like anyone else on this ship..." Cainn paused before sending Ikaros to the mess hall with a smile then looking back to the girl as he continued, "These girls have feelings as well. They know love, sadness, happiness and pain just like everyone else. Ikaros and the others are as much girls as you and Talon."

Kylie knew of nothing to say, so she just sat quietly and nodded her head every few minutes.

Pressing a small button next to the door frame he stepped out of the room turning in time to keep the door open with his hand. 

"The mess hall is in the second door on your right. I will allow you time to think about everything if you have any questions, I will answer them there. When we get back home you can decide if you wish to return to Earth or stay with us." Cainn stated before removing his hand from the sliding door allowing it to close.

Kylie was very surprised to hear Cainn say she was free to go back to Earth if she wished. She wanted to ask what life would be like here, but she was too afraid at this time. Kylie sat there trying to take in and remember all the information that was just shared with her. So many names and faces to remember, she didn't know if she could remember them all. Once Cainn left the room it took her a few minutes to follow behind and head to the mess hall.

The door to the mess hall slid open as the Captain and the girl approached the threshold. Inside of the massive room stood a large round table that was decorated with many different types of food even some dishes from Earth. Grom and Nahlani sat at the table waiting patiently for everyone to come to dinner while a not so patient, big breasted, blonde woman was stuffing her face like she had never eaten before.

"Astraea! We are supposed to wait!" A petite girl yelled across the table at the blonde Angeloid.

"B-but I'm so hungry! Nymph!" The blonde girl mumbled back to the small girl with food in her mouth.

Cainn shook his head with a light chuckle before looking back to the new girl. "We are currently leaving this planet. You can check out of the window. It's quite a sight."

Kylie waited patiently to sit down with everyone before her mouth exploded with questions.

"Cainn what would become of me if I stayed here on this planet? What would I do? Where would I stay? There are so many concerns I have..." Kylie asked while looking to the ground. She wasn't sure if she should have asked all that at once.

"My home town on Earth was less than pleasant. There really is nothing there for me to go back to. My family wouldn't even look for me if they noticed I was gone. Perhaps this life would be better for me?" Kylie said mostly to herself, but loud enough for Cainn to hear. "Cainn, would it be okay if I decided to stay or go after dinner? Kylie put her hands on her grumbling stomach. "I am very hungry." 

Cainn's eyes grew about two times the size when he heard the girl's questions. "Whew, well let's see. If you wish to join our crew you can, or you could live in the sanctuary if Earth has nothing to offer you." Cainn answered simply.

"You would live on this ship with us or back at home in Dalmasca. You could be part of our family!" Talon said with excitement and a big smile. She pulled up a chair between the new girl and Ikaros, so she could be close to everyone.

Abruptly the room fell quiet as the sliding door at the front of the room opened. Stepping over the threshold of the door stood a beautiful woman with jade green hair ending just below her bottom. Her outfit was severely under dressed as all she wore was one of Cainn's white button up shirts only buttoned around her breasts and a pair of white panties. In her arms she held a yellow blob of a stuffed animal with a tiny hat on its head. The irises in her eyes were a very light hazel and the skin on her face was very fair with a perfect complexion. Nonchalantly she walked by Cainn and the girl without even paying any mind to the new face. She let out a small yawn before taking a seat next to Cainn's chair at the northern most part of the table.

"C.C. don't you think you should put on a little more clothing if you are going to be joining us for dinner?" Cainn asked as he lightly placed his face in his palm.

"Why are you embarrassed?" C.C. teased before reaching across the table to grab what looked like Earth pizza.

"Could you at least act like you noticed the new girl? Cainn asked tryig to get some kind of acknowledgement out of C.C to the human.

"You refer to her as the new girl, is it because you don't know her name?" C.C. teased some more before biting into the pizza and pulling her knees to her chest.

"Umm, yeah, I guess. So what is your name?" Cainn turned to the human and asked slightly embarrassed.