 No sex in this chapter...sorry! Just a lot of story to get to know everyone. TRUST me the sex is worth the wait! It is soon I promise. Soon as in..the next chapter things start to heat up! Then pretty often after that.

This story started out as a normal/sexy role play between my boyfriend and me. Then it turned into a long erotic story, which we write back and forth and work together on. It starts off a little slow, but trust me it's worth it. We are both very good writers and love doing it. Please let us know what you think. We have many chapters written up and rough drafts of many more. So there will be content to read if you are looking for a long term well written and exotic book. 

Side note: We used some names of our favorite animes, movies, and games. Most I'm sure you will recognize. But the story is all original and entirely ours. 

WE DO NOT OWN A FEW NAMES IN THIS SERIES ALL COPYRIGHT'S BELONG TO THEIR MAKERS. WE USED THEM FOR ENJOYMENT PURPOSES ONLY.

Please enjoy our story and leave feedback good or bad. I can post content very quickly so there will be little down time waiting for the next chapter.

-Nam&Rox

********

Kylie giggled at C.C.'s comments. Realizing that was the first time she ever thought about smiling. She didn't mind the way C.C. decided to dress for dinner, if she was comfortable then who cares really. Shaking her head out of her mind she remembered Cainn asked her a question. "My name is Kylie, I'm 21 years old. I did pretty well in school. Not too much to know about me." Kylie was a cute girl with natural brown hair which was usually dyed red, perfect long legs, and a pretty face. She didn't know how much or what kind of information she should share.

During dinner Kylie sat quietly looking around at everyone interacting around her. She felt comfortable here with these people. She saw the two Angeloids across the table constantly bickering at each other as if they were sisters. 'I guess they are in a way' she thought. The blonde one seemed to be hungry even after eating two courses of food. The smaller one 'Nymph?' she tried to remember the names, was making fun of...Astraea 'Yeah that's it' usually calling her a pig or a cow. She looked over at the pink haired one trying to remember her name, but there were so many add names here to remember she just couldn't. She seemed emotionless, although Cainn did say she knew what feelings were. It sure didn't feel like it.

She looked across the table to C.C. and asked, "Excuse me C.C., but uhm..What are you?" C.C. looked at her with a blank expression on her face and said they could talk about it one day. It was a lengthy conversation.

Something then caught her eye. She slowly looked up and watched Talon walk by. She stared at her in awe. Talon was very majestic and mysterious. Kylie wanted to know all about her. Kylie has always been attracted to girls, but this was different. She couldn't keep her mind off the creature. Surely she has never seen anyone as gorgeous. Her bright red skin glowed under the lights in the large room. The design of the tribal markings seemed to actually be a part of her skin and not just ink below the surface. Her complexion was flawless, better yet she was flawless. How Kylie would love to run her fingers along the skin of the woman; it looked so very soft.

In her little daydream she didn't notice Talon walk up to her.

"Hey are you finished eating? ... Hello? ...Earth to the Earth girl!" Talon teased. Kyle was startled and fumbled with her words. Trying to diminish the mental images of caressing Talons skin she stammered, 

"Uhm ... Ye-yeah I'm finished."

"Well get up let's get a move on, time to show you around the cabin. Youll be bunking with me tonight. Hope you don't mind." Talon explained.

Kylie just smiled and shook her head no. After Kylie used the bathroom and took a shower, Talon gave her some clothes to sleep in. Talon's room was a decent size. She pressed a few buttons on the keypad and not a moment later two beds slid out of the wall.

"You can have that one." Talon said pointing to the bottom bed. "I'll take the top."

Kylie climbed in her new bed for the night, curled up and fell right to sleep, trying not to let her mind wander back to the majestic Talon.

Cainn awoke to the sound of the ship being docked into the loading bat of Dalmascia. Glancing down he saw a nude C.C. dead asleep on his chest with her left arm tightly holding her stuffed animal. Carefully shifting himself from underneath the Goddess, Cainn quickly suited up and walked down the steps to the loading bay.

"Good morning Master." Ikaros welcomed Cainn as he met them by the trolleys. Greeting each of the girls they all entered a large transport that took them over the always busy bazaar and plazas. The streets were busy, but not crowded as many species met and lived their lives like humans would in a major city. Finally reaching their destination the trolley lowered slowly to the ground letting the small amount of passengers off before lifting back off and returning to the loading bay.

Nymph and Astraea excitedly entered the large warehouse while Ikaros patiently walked with Cainn. Upon entering the warehouse Cainn stood at the front desk and tapped the bell waiting for his old friend to come out to meet him. From the darkness of the back, a massive silhouette quickly emerged from the shadows with a big grin across its face. The torso was that of a large fat blue creature the face almost resembling that of a human, but several tentacles wiggled under its chin. From the waist down were several long metallic crab legs that slowly scurried to the entrance.

"Cainn, my friend! You have brought my daughter's home safe and sound!" The large man said scooping up Nymph and Astraea into his arms giving them both a tight hug.

"Hey, professor we missed you!" Nymph said as she attempted to wrap her tiny arms around the large creature.

"It seems my daughters have taken quite a liking to you my friend, as expected. Especially Ikaros." Gul'dan said as he looked to his very first Angeloid glued to the side of Cainn.

"It's because he treats us like normal people!" Astraea exclaimed as she gently lowered herself to sit on Gul'dan's shoulder.

"That's because you are." Cainn said with a smile before slowly stepping around the desk and following Gul'dan to his laboratory. The Angeloids weren't far behind.

"So you damaged that last arm huh? Gul'dan asked as he entered a code in the frame of a monolithic door that slowly slid open with ease.

"You can tell just by shaking my hand?" Cainn asked seeming surprised while he walked into the laboratory. The inside of the lab was filled with many monitors that looked similar to those on a battleship. The warehouse seemed to never end as the walls were lined with ten barracks worth of weapons and arsenals.

"The older model was heavier, but lucky for you, I finished my latest project. The steel was a very difficult find it; it is called Adamantium, and it is only found on very few meteors throughout the galaxy. The technology I have developed on it is up to par with my Angeloid masterpieces, and it is immune to all types of EMP." Gul'dan paused for a moment as he scanned the walls looking for the case that held his project. "Ah!" Gul'dan gasped as he picked up the massive case and lightly dropped it onto the table that Cainn stood in front of.

Cainn's left eyebrow rose as he thought of the immunity to EMP and how it would have helped in his latest mission.

Upon opening the case, laid a massive chromed claw with a small circular design in the center of the palm, and several thruster like parts on the outer part of the arm. "It is armed with my latest weapon spec, the Radiant Wave Surger." Gul'dan added as his crab like robot legs lowered him down to Cainn's level and removed his arm from the socket.

"So I guess subtlety means nothing to you my friend? I am flattered that you are considering giving me such a weapon, but how am I supposed to walk around with such a massive claw? Cainn asked trying to think about different recon missions that he would not be able to attend if he wore this new improved arm.

"Don't worry my friend. I thought of this entirely in advance it has several different forms for utility. The claw is just the default form. It has a more compact form for subtlety and close combat which is the reason for the combustion chambers and propelling nozzles. The claw form is for mobility and defensive purposes. You see, the Radiant Wave Surger could fry everything in its path, but also negate any incoming attack. Then finally last but not least, since you might not always be in close combat it has long ranged barrels that compresses the Surger's energy turning it into a very strong, long ranged weapon." Gul'dan explained with a sly grin. He quickly installed the arm knowing with all the new installments it would be painful for Cainn. It was better to catch him off guard with it.

Cainn fought the urge to yell in pain as the new specs of the arms attached itself to the mechanic socket in his shoulder. The pain was unbearable to say at the least, but Cainn learned to handle pain well as he dropped to one knee gritting his teeth. Suddenly the arm was usable again and surprisingly light. Looking to the new limb it changed with ease between the claw, the arm, and the barrel.

"I believe the Earth term is 'bad ass?'" Gul'dan laughed. He continued down the long corridor to the next project he finished.

Cainn slowly opened and closed the chrome fist admiring the light weight of the limb most of all.

"Ikaros can you please help me with this curtain? Your sisters seemed to have disappeared on us." Gul'dan waited for Ikaros to spread her wings and fly to the top of his newest toy.

"This is a mobile suit. I am still working on a good name, but for now I shall call it the XG-01W Wing Gundam. Gul'dan said acting like a little kid showing off his latest drawing to his parents.

Cainn looked at the massive machine with awe as the design was sleek and new, but still seemed like it would strike fear into the enemies. "As much as I would love to have all new machinery, I can't afford all of this, my friend."

"It is all on the house. You have done more for me in one life time then I could repay, let alone showing all of my daughters love and respect that no one else cared to show them." Gul'dan said as he stepped over to a large sniper rifles that hung on the wall that was easily taller than Cainn.

"Sad to say, that my precious Barrett M82 still has more than enough fire power to render my Gundam useless with a well-placed shot. I really out did myself on this one. The guns recoil is so powerful, that I had to install anchors that nailed the weapon to the ground between shots. The power core is at a nuclear level and the ammunition is pure energy instead of shells."

Cainn thought to himself and figured he knew just the person that could use a weapon like that. "Can I take the Barret M82 as well?"

"Of course!" Gul'dan announced in a loud tone as he removed the gun from the wall and placed it onto the table. "Now to show you the final gift I have for you!" Gul'dan said as his legs pierced into the wall allowing him to climb it with ease. Ikaros quickly opened her mighty wingspan and flew up to where Gul'dan was climbing to help him unveil something that look up the rest of the warehouse.

As the curtain fell a smug grin passed over Cainn's lips as a monolithic ship sat teasing him. The loading dock was down begging for the man to enter. The mighty wingspan of the beast reached from one side of the warehouse to the other. The design was much sleeker than the Nebakanezer and had several barrels and turrets on the frame in case they needed to defend themselves.

"Right now everything is being unloaded from the Nebakanezer and will be loaded in the Angel Lust in time for your next mission." Gul'dan said with a large smile as he jumped back down using his massive steel legs to cushion the landing before scooping up Cainn and giving him a big hug.

"I am afraid you might have to weasel your way out of a demotion first, captain." A voice said from behind Cainn and Gul'dan. The man was the same species as Talon with the same crimson skin and tribal markings. "I have fought for your position, but leaving without permission is a hard thing to fight for with the other council members." The man continued as he bridged the gap extending his hand out to Cainn as Gul'dan lowered the man back down.

Cainn lightly gripped the man's hand with respect shaking it and meeting the man with a devilish smirk. "I always seem to get out of a punishment, Agen."

"I have been sent to retrieve you. I am also glad to see my daughter Talon returning safely." Agen said with a grin across his face glad to see his friend returning home.

"Go! I need some time with Ikaros. I will try and remove that emotional block those bastards installed back at the Synapse." Gul'dan waved the men away as he motioned for Ikaros to follow him.

Cainn lightly brushed Ikaros' cheek before motioning for her to go with Gul'dan. He then turned and left with Agen to the High Council's Quarters.

Upon reaching the council, Cainn was led by several armed authorities as Agen was lead in a different direction.

Entering the council room, he was welcomed by a plethora of species all dressed in elegant robes acknowledging the captains arrival with a respectful nod. Cainn slowly stepped forward to the center of the round room surrounded by the high council members and recognized many faces he saved doing the same thing he was being charged with.

"The case of Captain Cainn shall begin." Said an extremely tall and bone thin alien with pale blue skin and the voice of an elderly woman. "The defendant is being charged with disobeying direct orders from the council, leaving without permission, and taking a vessel without checking it out of the loading dock as per protocol. What do you think Captain?"

Cainn turned his head looking to each of the council members before answering in a proud tone. "I plead guilty of all charges."

The room broke out in whispers as the council members all seemed to have their opinions on the matter.

"The mission, was it a success?" Agen asked aloud already knowing the answer to the question.

"Yes, I managed to save a human that was stolen from her homeland." Cainn answered with his chest held high, knowing in his heart that he would disobey their orders time and time again if it came to saving a life.

"Regardless of if it was a success or not, he still disobeyed orders! Just because he saved your daughter does not mean you can come to his air every time he steps out of line." A young man said with his arms crossed. The facial expression on his face clearly showed a dislike for the Captain.

"Cainn has saved more lives in his short lifespan than you have in your whole immortal life." Agen defended.

"Cainn has saved more lives in his short lifespan than you have in your whole immortal life." Agen defended.

"Who are we to say who lives a free life or a lifetime of slavery and torment? Cainn took it upon himself and his crew to save an innocent human life!" Agen protested trying to rally more council members to his side. Know that the God's opinion would be void if he had enough members' votes.

"He admitted to being guilty. I don't understand why you defend him if he will not even defend himself!" One of the other species joined the young tempered man.

"Because he knows he did nothing wrong. Strip him of his rank and vessel and see how many more people will lose their lives to slavery. Several council members here have even been saved by this captain's valor! Agen announced as he rose to his feet. "How many of you and your loved ones would be living in bondage or dead even if Cainn didn't disobey orders and risk his life to save others. The late king of Dalmascia would frown upon each of you for even thinking about punishing a man of such courage and selflessness!"

The room fell quiet as the tempered young man sat quiet with his arms crossed over his chest, clearly he could not counter Agen's point.

"All those in favor for his rank to be stripped?" The blue alien asked counting the few raised hands around the room.

"Those in favor for him to walk out of this court room innocent of all charges?" She continued as she counted the rest of the rooms vote for his freedom.

A devilish smirk passed over Cainn's lips as he looked up to the council member that was so determined to revoke the captain of his rank. "I thank you. Now I must return to my NEW ship." Cainn said rubbing the victory in the diplomats face before spinning on his heel and exiting the room.