 As promised the erotica starts in this chapter!

We used some names of our favorite animes, movies, and games. Most I'm sure you will recognize. But the story is all original and entirely ours. 

WE DO NOT OWN A FEW NAMES IN THIS SERIES ALL COPYRIGHT'S BELONG TO THEIR MAKERS. WE USED THEM FOR ENJOYMENT PURPOSES ONLY.

Please enjoy our story and leave feedback good or bad. I can post content very quickly so there will be little down time waiting for the next chapter.

-Nam&Rox

***

"Human! We must get up it is daylight outside." Talon said encouraging Kylie to wake up. Kylie finally sat up rubbing the sleep from her eyes. That night she dreamed of her home life. She dreamed everything was back to normal, and when she woke up looking Talon right in the face, she realized this was no more than a dream, and she was most certainly not back home.

"Oh, good morning Talon." Kylie yawned. Noticing how quiet it was Kylie asked, "Where is everyone?"

"They went to the sanctuary. Let's get up and eat, so we can see about finding them. Head to the mess hall, and I will try and get C.C. up." Talon mentioned. Kylie nodded and headed out.

Talon walked down a few corridors into C.C.'s room where she lay awake, naked, staring at the ceiling. "What are you doing C.C., and why don't you have any clothes on?!" Talon shrieked.

"Oh nothing," C.C. began. "I haven't been up long. So, how is the new girl handling all of this?" C.C. asked while slipping into her navy blue outfit.

"Well, she is easily startled by everything. Last night she was making these interesting noises. Almost like she was mumbling in her sleep, but I couldn't make out what she was saying. I enjoyed her company at least. I just hope she can be trained to have a purpose here. I know I would go crazy if I had nothing to do here."

"Hm, I see. Perhaps we should try to convince her to stay with us, maybe talk to Cainn about having her join the crew. She seems to take a liking to you, Talon." C.C. winked in her direction. "I see the way she stares at you." C.C. teased. "You know I know everything."

"Oh you stop it. I don't even know how the human mind works in the aspect of their sexual orientation. Maybe she is merely being polite. Now will you hurry up, so we can go get some food! I'm starving." Talon said quickly to change the subject.

The three girls were the only ones in the mess hall. They were enjoying their breakfast with small talk. C.C. and Talon asked Kylie about Earth although they knew a quite bit learning from Cainn.

After they were finished, all the girls headed outside to catch up to the others. When Kylie got the courage to look around at all the different species her eyes widened and she gasped. Never in a million years would she think things like this existed. There were creatures of many shapes and sizes. She noticed this nasty looking creature; it looked like a large, blue, gooey, blob of jelly. Although it looked atrocious, it did not seem to leave a nasty trail on the ground as is scooted away. She saw a group of five or so faeries, is what she would have guessed. They looked as if they were as tall as her knees. "Cute little things." She whispered to herself.

Talon and C.C. watched the young human giggling to each other. They knew she would have questions sooner or later about all the types of aliens that lived here. "Perhaps we should give her one of our learning pads. It is not like either of us have much more leaning to do that is needed right away." Talon suggested to C.C.

"I believe it would benefit her much more than us at this moment. We can give it to her after dinner when things have quieted down." C.C. replied with a nod. 

"Of course they would be here!" Walking into Gul'dan's shop, Talon shouted. "Hey Gul'dan! Nice machinery you have been working on! What are you doing to Ikaros? She looks rather lifeless."

"Just attempting to remove this damned emotion block the people in the Synapse's installed to her. She will slowly start showing improvements, hopefully." Gul'dan answered in a cheerful tone.

"Oh Gul'dan this is Kylie. We rescued her on our last mission, from the slave auction! Lucky one isn't she?" Talon stated.

Kylie was terrified of the large creature. She soon felt a little at ease when she realized he was a friend of the girls and Cainn. She could hardly force a smile and a hello.

C.C. just stood there looking more bored than ever. "Where is Cainn?" She asked before even saying hello. "Oh and hello Gul'dan, do you have any new toys for us to play with?"

"Ah, the lovely C.C. finally leaves the Captain's bed aye?" Gul'dan laughed before looking over to Kylie and mentally measuring the woman, seeing if she was the reason Cainn wanted the sniper. "Yes, I do have an assortment of toys. Cainn is now wearing my newest and most expensive one, but I could show you the rest." The professor said in an excited tone, before catching the eye of Cainn walking towards the group.

"Well it seems you girls have found me." Cainn welcomed them with a smile as he exited a transport followed by Agen.

"It seems someone likes to sneak off without waking their significant other..." C.C. teased and let her voice trail off. She began to examine Cainn's new arm.

"Nice isn't it?" Cainn said with a smug grin as he changed the form into a large claw. "Gul'dan I'm glad you have met our new sniper in training."

"Kylie?! Have you decided to join us without telling me?" Talon asked in a dramatic playful tone.

"Kylie?! Have you decided to join us without telling me?" Talon asked in a dramatic playful tone.

"Sweetheart?" Agen said as he joined the group finally seeing his daughter.

"Daddy!" Talon yelled excitedly completely losing her track of mind and running over to her father with open arms.

Astraea and Nymph quickly emerged from the back of the warehouse flying over to the ground landing between them and Gul'dan.

Astraea and Nymph quickly emerged from the back of the warehouse flying over to the ground landing between them and Gul'dan.

"Welcome back, Master" Ikaros said as she sprang back to life. There was a hint of happiness in her tone.

Raising his brow, Cainn noticed the slight change in her voice and welcomed her small sign of emotion.

"She is still learning and adjusting, but in time she will be as full of life as Nymph and Astraea." Gul'dan explained as he lightly patted Ikaros head knowing of her feelings towards the captain.

"Looks like your little girlfriend will be able to confess her undying love for you." C.C. snickered. He eyes wandered to the large robot machine crouched down in standby mode.

"Does it look familiar Goddess?" Agen asked as he noticed her amber eyes lock on the machine.

"No, just admiring a new toy." C.C. said almost emotionless as she looked away from the robot and onto the next item on display.

"So we managed to keep Cainn his rank as captain." Agen announced to the crew since majority of them were present to hear the good news.

"You're the best daddy! Hey, this is Kylie she is the one we saved!" Talon said excitedly introducing her father to her newest friend.

"So, this is our new ship?" C.C. said looking up to the massive space craft. 

"Yup, this is her." Cainn said as he walked up next to C.C. placing his head on her shoulder, while he tightly wrapped his right arm around her midsection from behind.

"Well the council has decided to call a small gathering to welcome Kylie to Dalmascia. There she can decide what she wanted to do." Agen explained before giving his daughter one last hug and entering the taxi transport that waited for the official.

"Talon," Cainn began as he glanced over his shoulder to his crew member. "For now Kylie will bunk with you at your father's home until she decides what she wants to go. Either way if she chooses to join us or live as a civilian I still want you to teach her how to use the Barret MR2." 

Talon stood straight as she took in what the captain ordered before returning with a question. "With or without the scope, sir?"

"What have I taught you? Scopes are just a crutch." Cainn answered before leading C.C. into their new ship.

Talon glanced over at Kylie, "Before we tackle that gun, let me show you where I live, so you can get settled in. Bye guys! I'm taking Kylie to my house and maybe show her around. Catch up with you all later." Picking the large gun up with ease, she headed out of the shop.

Kylie smiled and waved goodbye to everyone as well. Turning to follow Talon, she thought to herself how she is going to get some clothes. She doesn't even know what kind of currency they used here, or how she could obtain it. She watched Talon carefully carry the huge gun. "You are very strong Talon; I wonder if I could even hold up one end of that thing" Kylie commented.

"Eh it's not so bad for me. Here you hold it. This is your gun you know; well should you decide to stay. I will train you to my fullest ability."

Kylie slowly took the gun from her almost dropping it at first, "Holy shi- this is heavier than I thought! How am I ever going to carry this around, much less use it in battle!" She exclaimed.

Talon giggled at her efforts as she took the gun back in fear of the human dropping it. "You will need to be conditioned to carry such a weapon as this. After your council meeting, we can then decide when to start your training the sooner the better. Although after the meeting, we should relax. Rescuing you was no quick or easy task."

As Talon finished her statement, Kylie felt ashamed. They put their lives in danger to save her, and she never even thanked them! She looked to the ground and wanted to cry, but she thought to herself 'right now would not be the time to show weakness. What if the councilmen were watching me now to see if I am even worthy of staying on their planet.' In her mind she already decided she would stay with them. She was terrified to think of how they would even send her home. What if she got lost in the galaxy, or what if they sent her to some random planet left to die? With that thought her hazel eyes grew with fear.

"Uh hello?" Talon whispered waving a hand in Kylie's face. "Are you okay? You look petrified.."

Shaking out of her state, Kylie stammered over her words. It was hard for her to even think straight. "Um yes I-I'm okay Talon, I was just thinking of different possibilities that could happen to me if I chose to go back to Earth. I seemed to have scared myself...heh."

Talon started to laugh out loud at the girl. "You silly human, if you choose to go back to Earth that's where the council will send you. They can even erase your memory of all that has happened here and you will not remember a thing. Nothing would happen to you otherwise. You have a few hours before you have to make that decision. Why don't we go inside and I show you around?" Not noticing they were in front of a gorgeous house, Kylie stood staring at the beautiful structures of the gate. It looked like vines were welded into the metal. The smell of what seemed like wild flowers as she followed Talon up the walkway was intoxicating, although she saw no flowers. When they reached the glass, French, double doors Kylie whispered, "This is your house? It is beautiful."

Talon smirked as she bent down closer to Kylie, "Yes this is my house, thank you, and why are we whispering?.." She laughed as she walked in the front door, not letting Kylie respond. "Are you going to stand outside or follow me?" Kylie rushed toward Talon, gently closing the door behind them.

Talon beckoned Kylie over towards her to the staircase. "You can look around once we get settled in. Come now, this gun isn't the lightest thing on this planet."

Kylie apologized and followed Talon up the stairs to an extra room. Talon pointed to her left across the hall, "That's my room right across from yours." Pointing to her right, "This is your room. You can do as you wish with it. I understand you were brought here with no clothes? I will see about getting you something made from the tailors. Until then, I will give you some of my clothes. They may be a bit big on you, but it will have to do, or you could just walk about naked. Your choice." Talon winked as she placed the large gun on the far side of the room.

"You are very generous. Thank you for letting me stay in your home." Kylie said.

"Don't mention it. Well I feel gross, and could use a bath. What about you?" Talon asked. Kylie thought for a moment and shook her head yes. She desperately needed a good wash. "Well come on then! You and your daydreams, please try to stay coherent during the council meeting. Do not lose concentration from them." Talon explained as she motioned for the girl to walk with her.

"I'm sorry it won't happen again." Kylie stated as she looked to the ground.

"Relax! I am not upset with you. Here is the bathing area it is much different than Earth bathing from what Cainn has told me. This is a large pool of water heated from underground. Usually we would have little individual bathing areas that were much smaller than this, but my dad paid a great deal of Deltas to have this put in for me. It is much more roomy and relaxing." Talon explained while taking her ornamentations off and stepping into the water. "Well are you going to join me?" She said with a sly smile on her face.

Kylie just stood there staring at the beautiful woman entering the pool, barely paying attention to the details she was giving. Then she remembered she needed to stop losing her train of thought so often. That was fairly hard with a beautiful, naked woman sitting in the bath. Kylie hesitantly took off the dress she was given on the shop. Self-conscious about her body she tried to cover up her most private areas while easing herself in the hot water. She felt Talon's eyes on her body with every step she took. The water felt amazing against her skin. It felt like little currents swirling around her limbs underneath the water. Talon then handed Kylie a soap like bar and started cleaning herself as well. "Hey Kylie, can you wash my back for me?"

Kylie felt a pit in her stomach as she heard Talon ask that question. All she could do was smile and nod. Kylie slowly took the soap and began washing Talon. Heat was rising in Kylie's stomach as her breath got caught in her throat when she heard a slight moan escape Talon's lips as she massaged the soap into her neck. Being very thorough, she went lower to where her back ended and butt began. Kylie wished for a distraction right away before she couldn't help herself and start to explore more. Just as she thought that, Talon thanked her and turned her around to return the favor. Kylie sighed in relief when Talon moved from in front of her. Just as the passion was starting to subside, Talon began massaging Kylie's back.

Kylie's breath became rapid as Talon slowly slid her hand around the lower part of her back. There was no doubt Talon noticed the heat building up in between their wet bodies. Her back was more than clean now, but Talon kept rubbing slowly dragging her hands down Kylie's sides. Every time she slid her hands up, she brushed against the side of Kylie's tender breasts. Talon noticed Kylie's skin as she got close to her breasts it seemed as though she grew these tiny bumps and shivered a little in her hands every time. Talon liked this reaction and thought she would have to ask her what those little bumps were. She just assumed it was a good sign and continued getting a little closer to having a headful of Kylie's breast. The passion building in Talon's hands was too much for Kylie to handle. Talon gently bent down and started kissing Kylie's neck. Carefully watching for a reaction, Kylie then let out a simply moan and tilted her head in approval. 

Talon slowly let her tongue slightly touch the neck of the human tasting her. She enjoyed tasting the clean soft skin of this earthling. Letting her hands roam a little more it wasn't much longer until she had both hands around Kylie gripping her boobs. Kylie could barely control her breathing. Her eyes were closed and she lost track of all time and space awareness. She wished talon would not stop what she was doing. The passion she felt in between her legs was just too much. She needed stimulation. Talon was slowly sliding her hands down Kylie's stomach heading for her throbbing clit. Talon knew the way her body was reacting and she too felt the head protruding from their bodies. Just before Talon's hand reached its destination, the girls heard someone shuffle behind them. Bolting away from each other, they both turned around only to find the green haired Goddess watching them.

-ahem- "When you two are finished with your..uh..bath Cainn would like to see you." C.C. said without even acknowledging what the two girls were doing.

Talon and Kylie looked at each other and then sharply away. Embarrassed, Kylie rushed out of the bath and ran to her room to put clothes on.

Talon slyly smiled at C.C. not caring that she watched the activity. "Alright, alright I'm getting out." She said, splashing some water at C.C. "How long were you standing there by the way?" She asked playfully while she patted her naked body dry.

"Long enough.." C.C. said raising one eyebrow. "Now please hurry."