 I hope you have enjoyed our story so far!

Side note: We used some names of our favorite animes, movies, and games. Most I'm sure you will recognize. But the story is all original and entirely ours. 

WE DO NOT OWN A FEW NAMES IN THIS SERIES ALL COPYRIGHT'S BELONG TO THEIR MAKERS. WE USED THEM FOR ENJOYMENT PURPOSES ONLY.

Please enjoy our story and leave feedback good or bad. I can post content very quickly so there will be little down time waiting for the next chapter.

Also, if you would like your favorite anime/character/weapon/role-play character/scenario to make an appearance in our story, we would love to include our readers in our story. Whether with an awesome fight scene or steamy sex please leave us a comment below and maybe we can squeeze them in! :)

-Nam&Rox

P.S. i have noticed that compared to many other stories on here i am making my chapters quite short. I will tweak a few things to make them longer for you guys. Thanks for all the awesome rates! The story only gets better. 

****

Chapter Five: The Decision 

Cainn slowly emerged from the Angel Lust formally dressed in a black long sleeve shirt, buttoned up to his neck. His black pants were slightly baggy, but still formal nonetheless. Across his neck was a small chain connecting an elegant shoulder piece with an intricate sword design.

"You clean up nice." Nymph complimented the man as she landed in front of him; her almost transparent wings slowly vanished from sight. The young Angeloid was dressed in a small pink dress that seemed to suit the girl well.

"Master what do you think?" Ikaros asked as she slowly landed next to Nymph followed by Astraea. Ikaros' short dress was very elegant. It hugged her petite frame emphasizing on her large breasts, small waist, and long perfect legs.

"Wow, you look beautiful! All of you girls do." Cainn said slightly surprised at how wonderful his crew members looked especially Ikaros.

Walking together down the ramp, the small group entered a large transport that was waiting for them. Inside the transport sat C.C. dressed in a black uniform that hugged tightly around her breasts ending at her waist with four long flaps that continued from her top down over her legs. Two of the flaps were in the front resting on her legs while the other flaps were draped over the back of her legs. Her small white shorts ended high on her thighs while her long white boots went all the way up to her mid-thigh. Across her waist were three fashionable small thin belts that crossed her tiny waist in a downward, diagonal direction. Her top was sleeveless but there were separate black sleeves she wore over her arms. They started several inches down her arms from the shoulders ending at her wrists.

"Talon and Kylie will be going with Talon's father." C.C. explained as she looked out of the window seemingly bored out of her mind.

"It will not last long." Cainn tried to reassure the Goddess, while shutting the door to the transport.

"Will there be food?" Astraea asked gripping her rumbling stomach.

"Of course, all you can eat! Once we get back to Angel Lust, that is." Cainn answered as he gently placed him chrome arm on C.C.'s lap.

The ride did not take very long to reach the center of the city. Slowly the transport lowered to the ground and well-dressed individual opened the door allowing the crew to exit the vessel. The entrance of the ceremony quarters was flooded with other crews all dressed for the occasion.

Slowly the monolithic doors of the Council quarters opened as the herd of crews all entered the facility all sticking to their respective groups. Cainn looked around trying to fish out Talon and Kylie from the sea of species that all impatiently entered the building. Cainn did not have an issue finding Grom out of the group. He waved Grom over to join him to search for the missing two.

Nymph slowly pushed herself off the ground as her wings carried her over the crowd catching sight of Talon. "Hey! Talon we are over here come with us!" The Angeloid yelled as she waved her hands catching Talon's attention.

As the crowd thinned out Cainn's crew were finally together and ready to begin the tedious task. "Well let's get this done, so we can go back to Angel Lust and relax." His voice seemed like he did not want to wait through the council meeting. "Kylie, be brave and speak clearly and loud."

Together they walked up the stairs and passed over the large threshold of the doors. The long hall almost seemed to never end as the slowly walked down it. On the walls of the hallway were what seemed like digital paintings. Paintings of different council members from long ago up until now. Finally, they reached the doors at the end of the hallway. Opening the door, they entered an enormous dome shaped room with small transports that slowly drifted to the walls with just enough seats for each member of every crew. The walls were lined with these hovering machines allowing each group to consist of all their members privately without having to sit next to another crew. The seats of the transport had two chairs sitting side by side in the front for the captain and co-captain.

Stepping off of the bridge into their own personal transport Cainn turned and assisted C.C. to their separated seats while Grom assisted the Angeloids, Talon and Kylie before taking his seat. The side of the machine slowly lowered itself unlocking before hovering up and back into a vacant spot in between two other teams. As the last of the crews boarded their vessels and entered the remaining spots, the large lights that seemed to be a part of the walls dimmed.

Slowly the bridge that they entered through backed out of the large dome as the bottom opened up revealing a massive machine lined with seats in a semi-circular design. Finally, halting to a high enough vantage point the council members all rose for a moment and bowed in respect as the crew members all rose and bowed back.

"We welcome everyone home from their missions and are pleased to see everyone that left returned home in one piece." The blue bone thin alien said in a happy tone pausing for a moment. "We are also well aware there are several new faces among the crews, and we would like to welcome each and every one of you to Dalmascia."

Slowly the transport seemed to split in two as Cainn's and C.C's portion lowered along with all the captains and co-captains in the room and circled around the councilmen connecting in a large ring.

"First, we would like to pay respect to the leaders of our vessels." Agen said as he rose from his seat. "These brave captains and co-captains have risen in rank through the years risking their lives on a daily basis to save the lives of others and to keep peace in the galaxy." Then suddenly what remained of the pods slowly lowered down to where their captains were reconnecting and joining the circle around the councilmen. "Then we thank the members that have also put themselves in danger for the better of Dalmascia and the universe."

After that was said a roar of cheers, hollers, and hoots filled the giant room.

Agen smiled and raised a hand to calm the roaring crowd. "Yes, yes thank you councilman for making such a nice atmosphere this evening. Now we shall call up the newest members to our vast family. They can now decide whether they wish to return to their planets, live amongst us as civilians, or join a crew." A smile crossed Agen's face again as the platform he stood upon opened up revealing a larger stage. Around the ring, several captains rose up with whom they rescued and stepped on the stage looking up to the Twi'lek man. Cainn gently rose to his feet with a simple smirk on his face and stepped onto the stage. He extended a hand out to Kylie. "It is time."

---- Earlier that day at Talon's house ----

Talon walked into Kylie's room knowing she had nothing to wear for the formal event. "Oh I figured you would have a little something on. Sorry I barged in!" Talon stated. Although Talon already knew what she looked and felt like naked. She usually had more self-control than she displayed earlier, but something about this human made her skin crawl with curiosities. Surely she should apologize for earlier. She just didn't know the right time to do so. "Here," Talon said reaching into the wardrobe. "With a few adjustments, this should fit pretty well."

Kylie wasn't uncomfortable in front of Talon; she greatly enjoyed the lack of distance between them in the bathing room. Embarrassment struck as she remembered C.C. probably saw more than she should have. "It's okay, I don't mind that you see me." She said, blushing a little. Kylie knew her body was hot. Since she was a little girl, she has been a gymnast. All through high school she did gymnastics as well, so her body was tight and formed like a gymnasts body should be. The only fat she had was in her breasts. That oddly didn't disappear with the heavy workouts. "That is a beautiful dress! I would love to wear it." It was a deep sapphire color; the straps sat low on her shoulders connecting to a deep V-neck exposing her cleavage just a bit. It felt very similar to velvet. It reached down to her ankles, with a slit riding up to her mid-thigh. She hoped the dress was perfect for this occasion. 'It must be if Talon picked it out for me,' she thought. As she was admiring her curves in the mirror, Talon interrupted her thoughts.

"Hey, I wanted to apologize for my behavior earlier. I shouldn't have done that. It was very unwelcoming of me. I showed you my house, and showed you to your room, but forcing myself on you like that was uncalled for. I hope I didn't make you change your mind about staying here." Talon said in almost a whisper.

Kylie looked into her bright amber eyes and realized she was very upset with her actions; the facial expression she wore was all Kylie needed to see to notice how sincere she was being. She decided to answer truthfully. "Honestly Talon, I couldn't think of a better welcoming from you. The energy I was producing while I was washing your back probably started it, and if I may say so myself, I didn't mind it one bit. I rather enjoyed the passion shared between us. I have never felt anything like it before. Please don't feel bad. It was just a spur of the moment thing. I could have stopped you if I so wanted." Kylie was slightly hoping another encounter such as that would happen between them again. "Now let's go talk to some councilmen?" Kylie said smiling.

"Thank you," Talon proclaimed. "And yes! I believe my father is waiting for us outside."

"Perfect, but uh..are you going to change?"

Talon laughed and explained quickly, "People of my species are not used to being fully clothed such as your kind. It is almost disrespectful to my people to cover our markings. They are a symbol of loyalty and beauty that most don't see. My tendrils are a story for another time; I see you eyeing them all the time. My father covers up sometimes because he has become older. I don't dress for many occasions even for missions this style is my attire." Talon wore gold ornamentations around her large supple breasts almost see-through looking. Covering her bottom was what looked like just a piece of silk draped around her waist. "On my planet gold is very formal."

Kylie thought to herself how amazing Talon looked. The gold contrasted against her brilliant inferno skin perfectly.

****

The ride to the quarters was a short one. 

"Bye daddy! See you inside!" Talon kissed her dad on the cheek before he walked to Kylie.

"Speak with confidence and pay attention. You will do great. See you both inside." Agen said to the girls before walking away.

Kylie was again terrified at the sight of hundreds of different species. This was surely no place for discrimination. She saw, tall, blue, winged women with sharp talons and long black hair. There were tan alien type things with long snouts and big beady eyes. They looked rather funny she thought. When she saw them communicate with each other she noticed a slobbery tongue stick out of the small opening of their mouths. She giggled quietly to herself thinking how silly they looked. As she felt a little more at ease because she didn't sense any danger close by, she saw a familiar face coming their way.

"Hey guys! How's it going? I see the new girl has become accustomed pretty well here so far. She isn't curled up in a ball crying anymore. What a nice dress too!" Nahlani exclaimed.

"Hello Nahlani, thank you for joining us on that last mission. I hope your crew members weren't in dire need of you while you were gone. We have yet to find our own permanent medic. And yeah, Kylie is doing great so far!" Talon said as she hugged the human.

"Not a problem! Glad to help a friend out always, and don't worry my crew gave me the okay to join you. Nothing too big was on their schedule that they couldn't handle. Well, I do have to stick with them for now though! See you inside!" Nahlani skipped away after patting the human on her head. Kylie just smiled and waved goodbye to the Draenei.

"Kylie look up there it's Nymph! We need to follow her to the crew." Talon shouted over all the noise.

Kylie gasped as they met with the others, and walked through the doors into the extravagantly large room. She almost stopped in her tracks, but there were so many creatures trying to get in; she was pushed forward, forced to stay with her crew. As they arrived to their pod Grom was there and helped all the ladies into the machine. Kylie sat in between Grom and Talon. She was listening to and admiring all the different types of species in this one giant room. She got lost in her own little world only coming back to her senses when the pod seemed to be moving toward the center of the room. Next thing she knew Cainn extended his hand out reaching for hers.

Before grabbing his hand, she shot a quick glance to Talon not knowing what kind of response she was searching for. Talon smiled and nodded to Kylie in approval. With a scared smile she reached up and grabbed Cainn's hand. He helped her get situated on the platform along with a few other new recruits.

The thin, blue alien then stood up asking the new recruits to state their name, place of origin, and a special talent or skill they can bring to this new life should they choose to stay. "You," she said pointing to a purple creature, with long ears, dressed in a long white gown. "You shall begin, and the person to your right will go next and so on and so forth. Please share some information with us."

The woman smile and spoke very clearly, as the crew told her to earlier that day. "Hello, my name is Namanay, I am a Cimmerian Elf. I come from Cimmeria. My specialty lies in the art of healing. That is what I can contribute to this planet. I love learning about new things, and the different species intrigues me to learn more. I would be honored to be accepted here on your planet." Namanay bowed to the councilwoman and stood quietly.

"Very well, and you boy?"

"I am Jor'dun. My home planet is Meriba. I have trained to become a warrior with my brothers," the boy looked to the ground and continued. "I wish to return to my home, I am very grateful and forever in your peoples debt for rescuing me, but my brothers and I are like one. If one is gone, or dead, the others cannot function. They will eventually die without me." Jor'dun bowed to the woman hoping she would send him home.

"Hm, I see. Having a warrior such as yourself may be good for one of these crew, but it what you say is true, and I do believe it is, then we will send you home right away."

After two others stated their information and chose to stay it was not Kylie's turn. Realizing she has no special talent to offer this planet she got very worried.

Pointing to Kylie the alien stated, "Last but not least, your kind is rare here. Please share your information with the crowd."

"I—" Kylie began but her voice stopped. Clearing her throat she began again trying to gain more confidence. "I am Kylie, and I am from Earth. Cainn's crew rescued me from a slave auction. I am afraid I have nothing to give to this planet, but I am willing to be trained." Kylie sighed. "Although I do wish to stay, I would like to be in Cainn's crew if you allow it."

The blue alien stood and nodded at all the recruits. She told the boy that wanted to go home to follow a few other councilmen, so they could make arrangements to send him home. After a few agonizing minutes the alien woman stood up and announced that the remaining people were permitted to stay.

"You four please choose the crew you would like to join."

The two other recruits joined the crew that rescued them as well. Kylie looked hesitantly to Namanay; she looked very sweet, and she almost hoped she joined Cainn's crew.

"Human!" The azure woman bellowed. "Why does it take me three calls of your name for you to respond? Now please, choose your crew."

"I am sorry," Kylie said quickly bowing. "I choose to go with Cainn and his crew ma'am."

"Very well, perhaps you should work on your attention span." The councilwoman snapped. "Namanay, Cimmerian Elf, should you choose to go with the crew who picked you up as well?"

Thinking to herself for a moment and glancing at all the captains', her eyes met Cainn's and the look on his face displayed need to hers. Perhaps they could use a healer, she hoped making her decision. "I choose to go with Cainn's crew as well." She stated bowing to the woman.