 As promised this chapter is much longer than the others. I wasn't sure how the documents and the pages on this website would scale together. Please enjoy!

WE DO NOT OWN A FEW NAMES IN THIS SERIES ALL COPYRIGHT'S BELONG TO THEIR MAKERS. WE USED THEM FOR ENJOYMENT PURPOSES ONLY.

Also, if you would like your favorite anime/character to make an appearance in our story whether with an awesome fight scene or steamy sex please leave us a comment below and maybe we can squeeze them in! :) 

Please enjoy our story!

Side note: I have already messaged the author of A slave to servants, Drwolf, she knows about my first chapter and the inspiration she gave me to write. She is more than okay with it and i have emails to prove it for any non-believers. :P 

-Nam&Rox

--------

Chapter Six: The Mission/Celebration! 

Cainn let a smile pass his lips as Kylie chose to stay with him and his crew. Talon yelled out in joy causing several council members to look at her in confusion. Ikaros slowly rose from her seat and let out her large wings as she flew from the pod onto the stage landing before Kylie. Gently placing her hand on Kylie's head, the Angeloid imitated the petting motion that Cainn does to her whenever she does something good.

C.C. lifted her brow as Ikaros took it upon herself to accept the human into the crew. Normally the angel was void of any emotion and failed to think for herself.

Cainn slowly walked by Kylie meeting his eyes with her for a moment and gave her a sly wink before turning his attention to the tall, Cimmerian woman. "I am glad that you chose to join our family. We are in desperate need of a medic; it seems that Elune has guided you to us." Cainn said knowing the race of Cimmeria and their religious beliefs.

Namanay slowly lowered herself to her knee in respect of her new captain. "I thank you for being so welcoming. What drew me to your team, were the many diverse beings you have here."

"Yeah, we are just a big interracial family." Cainn said with a slight chuckle in his voice before extending his chrome arm to the woman assisting her up to her feet.

"The meeting has ended for the crew members. The captains and co-captains must stay for a moment longer. We have something of importance to share." The skinny blue woman added as the new as the new recruits made their way to theirs new homes.

C.C. rolled her eyes as she heard the grim news of this meeting being any longer than it had to be. Cainn assisted Kylie and Namanay into the vessel then extending his arm pulling C.C. up to the stage.

"We will meet you all at Angel Lust." Cainn said as the transport closed and slowly drifted to the outer circle of the dome. They were being taken back to the entrance of the Council Quarters.

***

Grom silently rose from his seat and assisted the women from the vessel before landing the group through the dim lit roads of the trade district. The tall spires of the council quarters his behind the shops in the bazaar as the silent orc lead them back to the warehouse.

"Hey Grom, why are you so quiet all the time?" Astraea asked the seven foot tall, muscular, green humanoid. His tusks extended several inches from his mouth and his leathery skin looked hard and tough. The small iris of his eyes were a bright yellow color rivaling that of Talon, but his were seemed to bare a deep sadness.

"I don't have much to say..." The green monster let his voice trail off.

"That would be a good reason." Nymph added. She grew tired of walking and allowed her tiny wings to sprout; they carried her several inches from the ground.

Ikaros eyes seemed to fixate on the roundness of Grom's bald, green head and felt the urge to pet it. Slowly spreading her large pinkish, white wings, she lifted to his level with several small flaps and gently rubbed his rough head with her soft hands.

Namanay let a small chuckle escape her light purple lips as she found the Angeloids to be an interesting species.

The streets were strangely quiet and the trained orc started to pick up on the emptiness of the roads. His eyes slowly shifted from left to right examining the darkness on the side of the roads not paying any attention to Ikaros as she continued to pat his head.

***

"So what's up?" A tall, slender man asked. His features looked so human one would think he was, but his long, pointy nails, fang like canines, and ivory pale skin made it known that he was a different species.

"Assuming it is important" Another strange man said in a robotic voice. His body looked as if it had been stitched together from flesh to machine. The joints at his elbow and knees were pure metal with nozzles that excrete steam as he moved.

"Yes," Agen began as the captains all gathered around him. Pulling a small piece of technology from his robe and placing it on the ground, he began to explain the reasoning for them staying behind. The small machine activated and a large hologram of a planet slowly spun before the group. Agen lightly pointed to a certain spot on the planet, and the hologram zoomed in showing a large city now in ruin. "Zarnarkand was attacked by a foreign army. Normally, we do not interfere in personal wars, but with weapons that powerful, we are almost forced to interfere. If a small group is capable of destroying a while city without a moment's notice, they need to be brought down before more innocent people are killed."

"So you want to send a crew over to check it out?" The strange pale captain asked impatiently.

"We have already sent a crew to investigate. They were caught in whatever destroyed the city. We have not heard from them in over a week and feel that they might have met an untimely death." Agen answered in a sad tone. His eyes slowly dropped to the ground.

"Well who did you send?" The robotic man asked as his voice seemed to change pitch mid-question. He tried thinking back on which crew was missing from the large gathering that just took place.

"The Dollhouse." Agen answered.

"Naomi?!" Cainn strained as he said her name in an angered tone.

C.C.'s attention shifted from the council member to the angered Cainn. Her hazel eyes stared at his chrome hand as it clenched into a fist. Before letting his imagination run wild, she gently placed her hand on his shoulder snapping him back into reality.

"Yes, we are sending three vessels this time and have gathered you all to see who will take part on this mission. We would like a crew to be dedicated to finding The Dollhouse and its inhabitants. The second crew will look for the force that decimated the city and if possible wipe them out. The third crew will sit in orbit and wait for any information and if one of the other crew needs assistance, that crew will be on standby." Agen ordered.

"The Moonlight Sonata will search for The Dollhouse." The fanged man offered his crew while placing a clawed hand on his co-captains shoulders nodding at him.

"Deus Ex will find the foreign force and exterminate them." The cyborg responded. His right eye turned into a strange red infrared sensor.

"The Angel Lust will assist both crews in their assignments." C.C. answered for Cainn knowing that he wanted to save his close friend, but he did not want to push his crew too hard.

Cainn looked up to C.C. with a forced smirk as he slid his left hand around her midsection pulling her closer to him.

"So the terms are set, and does everyone know their objectives? You will leave in two days' time." Agen said in a quieted tone realizing his daughter would be leaving so soon after arriving.

All the captains saluted their superior and headed towards another transport to carry them to the exit.

***

Grom quickly looked left and right as he sniffed the air. "Theives." Grom muttered.

Talon snapped her head back towards him "Are you sure? I've heard talk around that these thieves are bad news. They travel in a group and jump just about anyone they feel like. Some have gone as far as to strip girls of everything leaving them beaten and naked on the ground!"

Grom just nodded at her statement. "Just be ready for anything."

Out of nowhere two guys rushed Grom. They were big, but not quite as big as he. They had a fury in their eyes, and it didn't look like it was going anywhere until blood was spilled. 'Too bad it's going to be your blood!' Grom yelled in his head. He snorted as he grabbed one of the thieves by the chest picking him up and slamming him back down to the ground while the other one jumped on his back. Not a moment later, three more guys rushed in, two headed towards Grom and the other toward Kylie. He figured, of course, they would go for him first he is the biggest and also the strongest of the group.

Just a second passed by, Talon drew a small knife that was strapped to her thigh under her mini skirt. She charged toward the man on Grom's back, stabbing him right in the neck. 'That was way too easy.' She smirked to herself as she watched his body fall to the ground in a bloody mess. She then looked and saw the two guys heading toward Grom again as the third went for Kylie. She was stuck; she didn't know which one to help first. She decided to run towards Kylie. 'Grom was a big guy he can handle a few men for a little while.' She thought. Before she could even make it in front of Kylie to protect her, Nymph dropped down from the sky right in front on Kylie. Talon could see the angel's iris' swirl with a code. She knew what was about to happen, so she jumped out from in front of the Angeloid. Talon did not want to be caught in what was about to happen. Just as she stepped out of range, Talon heard the bone shattering scream escape from the little one. She sent the thief flying back leaving a deep ditch behind his body. "Phew, I dodged a bullet there Nymph! Glad I know your play style." Talon winked. Nymph just giggled in agreement. She didn't fight often, but she did know how to. Talon ran to Grom to help him with the last two remaining men.

"Thank you Nymph, he surely would have killed me." Kylie said trying to sound calm.

"Don't mention it!" Nymph replied as she waved a hand towards the girl. She giggled and grabbed Kylie's hand to go stand by Astraea. She knew Grom and Talon wouldn't mind if they sit this one out. They had it more than under control.

"Why are you watching so intently Namanay?" Kylie asked the Cimmerian elf.

"On my planet, I was trained in the arts of healing. I have seen quite a lot of battles and know what to look out for. If I see the injury happen, I know what spell I should seek out, and I will be ready when the time comes for my gift. I usually do not do the fighting; I hope Captain Cainn doesn't mind, but I am very observant and my newly formed duties will suit my ability perfectly." The dark elf stated. She hoped Cainn would notice her hard work too.

Kylie was glad to have Namanay here. For some reason, she felt safe sitting with the petite woman. Namanay was very tall and slender. Her skin's complexion was flawless. 'What is it about the women on this place and having perfect skin?!' Kylie though as she touched her own face, which to her surprise was actually quite smooth too. Namanay wore this beautiful cloth robe it was simple, but very intricate with its design. It was lime green and hung all the way to the ground. Green ribbon was wrapped around both of her arms reaching down to her elbows. The robe was dipped fairly low in the front exposing her small cleavage. There was a white vine design that seemed to climb up the dress from the bottom to the top. Kylie swore she saw the vines moving up the dress a little bit. 'Maybe I'm just tired.' She thought as she blew it off.

Namanay watched very closely at Grom and Talon. She was paying particularly close attention to Grom. His white shirt was dirty and wet from sweat. She knew that a man of his stature would not like to be confined in a shirt. Although at the time, she enjoyed the way the damp shirt was clinging to his every dip and crease around his muscles. She stared in awe as the large man was ridding of those thieves with ease. His muscles were very large, and his chest was proportioned perfectly for his body. A mental image of her and the orc ran across her mind. She imagined him hurt badly, but nothing that she couldn't handle in a matter of minutes. After she was done healing his wounds, he sat up and looked her in the eyes. He thanked her sincerely as she stood and slowly walked towards him. She licked her lips as she wondered what his tasted like. She noticed his tusks sticking out; she loved them. He raised her up to straddle his lap and began kissing her neck. He would trail his tongue slowly down her neck until he heard a slight gasp of pleasure escape from her lips. She could feel the heat rising up from in between her legs.

"SHIT!" she heard being snapped out of her fantasy.

"That little bastard cut me!" Talon screamed. Namanay just barely noticed the laceration on Talon's stomach. "I have the perfect spell." Namanay whispered to Kylie trying not to grab anyone's attention.

Talon grabbed the man who gashed her perfect skin. She took him by the neck and squeezed out his very last breath. Usually, they just fight to scare off the thieves, but they were so bloodthirsty that they would not have given up unless either group was dead. 'Silly of them to challenge us' she snickered silently. She counted the bodies and saw there was only on guy left. She could tell Grom was playing with him now. The enemy was in a one on one with Grom. She just giggled at that though and walked away. She grabbed her stomach and walked over to Namanay. She hoped she could be healed with no scaring or down time. There was a lot of blood oozing out.

"Your time to shine babygirl." Talon whispered in pain.

"Lay down please Talon. This won't hurt, but you might feel a slight tingling sensation." Namanay continued as she closed her eyes and placed her hands hovering just over the gash. "Elune, ana sholam morsa." She whispered and bowed her head slightly. A bright light shone from under her hands. Namanay opened her eyes and smiled when she saw the spell work flawlessly. "Good as new Talon. See for yourself." Namanay said proudly.

Talon felt her stomach and looked down with a gasp. There wasn't a mark left. Not one little scar. "Oh thank you Namanay! Thank you for not leaving a scar. You are simply perfect."

Namanay blushed, but no one could tell because of her violet skin. Bowing her head she answered, "It was my pleasure."

Grom was almost finished toying with the last thief. He let the man charge towards him. Catching his forehead in the palm of his hands, Grom actually laughed out loud. "So you not see your mates are all dead? Why do you think you can defeat me?" Without letting the enemy speak, he picked up the man by the head and tossed him as far as he could. "Ha ha ha, oh I needed a good laugh." He said out loud to no one. He walked over to the girl with a big smile on his face, which was pretty rare. He needed some excitement. "Well let's get to the Angel Lust, with that delay I'm sure the captain is there already. 

"Um Grom?" Namanay asked quietly.

"Yes?"

"Will you let me heal that?" She said pointing to the side of his neck.

He looked puzzled and reached up for his neck. He felt the warm, stickiness on his fingers. Usually he didn't care about healing or scarring, he was proud of his battle scars. He then caught a hint of worry in the priest's eyes. That's what he would call her on his home planet, Priest Namanay. Taking a deep breath he spoke, "I suppose you could."

"I can remove all those scars too if you like."

"No no, you can heal the cut that is all." He muttered forcing a half ass smile.

"Very well, please if you would kneel to my level?" After he complied and bent down, she repeated the spell she used to heal Talon's wound. It will work just fine she thought. "Elune, ana sholam morsa." She whispered once more. "There." Namanay smiled. She knew she did a great job today.

"Uh, thanks. Now let's get going!" Grom ordered as he headed towards the Angel Lust.

***

As they entered the ship, they were all very hungry. The group sat in the mess hall and waited for their captain and co-captain to eat.

Cainn and C.C. left their room and headed to the mess hall where everyone waited for them. Cainn was now out of his formal uniform and came to dinner dressed in a black tank top, which revealed his muscular chest, and some cargo pants. The ridge in his chest was well defined between his pectorals. The muscles on his left arm were chiseled and designed with several scars. The captain was not an enormous man, but was very toned and built making up for his lack in height as he stood at 5'10". C.C. did not hesitate to remove her uniform; she joined the others in the mess hall only wearing one of Cainn's grey tank tops and a pair or pink and white striped panties. The V-neck tank top allowed a peep show of her large cleavage and the small panties barely contained her round bottom.

As the door opened, Cainn gave everyone a big smile before pulling out C.C.'s seat, which she sat in without even a small ounce of gratitude at the northern more part of the table.

Looking around the table he could not hide his excitement from how much his crew has grown in the last year. "So you ran into some trouble on the way here?" Cainn asked already knowing the answer.

"How do you know that already?" Astraea asked with food already crammed in her mouth.

"Well Nymph's fighting tactics aren't the most subtle." C.C. answered as she reached across the table to grab some Earth pizza. It was her favorite.

"Um C.C. do you eat the Earth pizza stuff every day? You are going to get fat." Nymph asked trying to think if she ever saw the Goddess eat something different.

C.C. just smiled silently and enjoyed every bite of the gooey pizza.

"Thieves." Grom grunted, before taking a deep bite into some kind of animal's leg. It resembled that of a turkey leg but much larger.

"Odd to find thieves in Dalmascia." Cainn said to himself before shaking away the thought. He walked to the kitchen and grabbed a large bottle of Dalmascia's rum. "Tonight we are to celebrate Kylie and Namanay's first night as official members."

Rising from his seat, the captain popped the top off of the rum and circled the table pouring it into each of his member's cups. He slyly passed Talon's cup filling up Kylie and Nymphs. The Twi'lek narrowed her eyes as her cup remained empty.

"Are you telling me you gave some to that pre-teen but not me?" Talon's voice erupted with anger in a comical fashion.

"First of all, I am older than Astraea, and I am an Angeloid I am stuck in this body forever!" Nymph interrupted pointing at her teenage body. 

Cainn laughed at the two girls and poured Talon a cup along with the rest. "Tonight there will be no fighting, we will eat and party for tomorrow training begins!"

Grom let a devilish smirk pass his lips as he waited for his change to spar with Cainn once again. Talon was also psyched for her chance to get a rematch with C.C. after losing miserably to the Goddess, who does nothing but eat, sleep, and have sex.

After the main course was finished and desserts were spread across the table, Cainn finally shared the news with his crew that they were assigned another mission already.

"It has been quite some time since there has been more than two crew collaborating on the same mission. Moonlight Sonata accepted the task of locating the Dollhouse, and Deus Ex will be locating the cause of the destruction. Angel Lust will be in orbit awaiting information from either crew and assisting if need be." Cainn gave his crew just the important details needed to understand their objective.

"Are there any reasons why those crews accepted those tasks?" Namanay asked trying to learn more about Dalmascia and how their system works.
