 We do not own all the names in this story. We used some of our favorite characters from animes, movies, and games. The names belong to their rightful owners. We used for pleasure purposes only.

So, this month has been busy! We are college students and this semester has been very demanding. Less time for finalizing all our drafts to the story. I made this one as long as i could for you all. We worked really hard to make this chapter good for you guys. I really hope you enjoy it! Please send us feedback good or bad :)

The next chapter well be out this month sometime as well.

Also, if you would like to see your favorite anime, movie, game character make an appearance somewhere down the road let us know! We are always thinking of new ideas to incorporate. 

Lots of plot and erotica in this chapter! Please enjoy. 

**************

Cainn sat quietly at breakfast as he analyzed a small hologram that floated just over his plate. He pressed his index finger to the small projected planet he swiped to the left causing it to slowly spin until Cainn stopped it over the ruins of Zanarkand.

"Constantly looking at it will not undo the destruction..." C.C. said emotionless before taking a sip from her mug.

As Talon and Kylie finally joined the table, Ikaros quickly stepped into the kitchen and returned with several dishes for each member.

Deactivating the small device, Cainn carefully slid it into his pocket before thanking Ikaros. The feeling of despair was beginning to take its toll on the man. His friend Naomi's possible death and the death of the innocent people of Zanarkand were weighing on him. Though there was nothing he could do, he still felt like he could have saved some lives. That is what he was known for, saving people, but he felt so helpless at this moment. The monster he was during his time of slavery was the reason human's prices increased tenfold on the auction house. The bright hazel eyes of C.C. broken him from dwelling on the past and reminded him of the triumphs and battles he overcame becoming the man he was today.

"So, who will be partnering up today?" Astraea asked with her mouth still full of food.

"Hmmm..." Cainn said aloud as he mentally matched up crew members he felt could push each other to their limit. "Grom and I will be starting out first, followed by Talon and C.C. then Ikaros and Astraea." Cainn paused for a moment looking over to Namanay, Kylie, and Nymph. "I tend to have a rule where our medics do not engage in combat, so Namanay will be showing her skills in between matches to patch everyone up. Nymph will be learning the specs of the ship and getting a feel for the new craft."

"What about Kylie?" Talon asked trying to get the human in on the action too.

"Well, I want her to learn how to use the Barret M82, but I guess she could join C.C.'s and Talon's little spar. What about a little two on one action girls?" Cainn said with a smirk glancing over to an emotionless C.C.

"Sounds fun..." C.C. answered as she tightly hugged her stuffed animal around her knees.

Soon after breakfast ended and everyone suited up for combat training, Nymph connected herself to the Angel Lust with what looked like a USB cable to a small outlet that seemed to appear out of nowhere on the side of her temple. Slowly closing her eyes, the specs and mechanics of the ship were being processed into her brain teaching her everything she needed to know about the ship in a matter of moments. Slowly the roof of the warehouse separated as large cogwheels turned pulling the ceiling apart so the Angel Lust could fly up and out of the heavy populated area of Dalmascia.

Cainn entered the cockpit of the ship dressed for combat, placing his hand on the small Angeloid's shoulder assuring her a good job as they rose in altitude. The lush green sea of foliage danced from the wind as Angel Lust quickly passed overhead. The blue skies were clear without a single cloud blocking the powerful rays of the Dalmascian sun. The high grasslands of the plains were divided by several small lakes and plateaus making the spot ideal for a little sparring session of the crew. The area was surrounded by a large flat plateau that encircled the beautiful marshlands. It almost looked like a green crater in the landscape. The large delta slowly poured water through the valley and filled the rivers that eventually ran into the large lakes around the rich land. In the center of the clearing sat a small abandoned home.

"Land next to that house, Nymph." Cainn ordered as he lightly pets her head. Cainn turned and left the cockpit.

As the load ramp opened completely, Cainn and Grom stepped down to survey the area before giving the okay for the rest of the crew to exit the craft. Pressing the small communicator on his left ear the captain ordered for everyone to exit the ship except for Nymph. Moments later the remaining crew exited the craft eager to begin their training. Cainn set the stage for the first round.

"These are the rules. This is an exercise and will be seen as one. We do not want to kill each other, or cause serious harm. Powers are permitted and some weapons if they are first approved by me. Don't go easy on each other either. Put up a good fight, but like I said no long term harm needs to be dealt." Cainn said pacing back and forth before his crew like a drill sergeant. He eyed C.C. as he mentioned no long term harm.

Grom was eager to toss the captain around like a rag doll or maybe even crash him through some of the cabin walls that they stood next to. Just the thought of that got the blood running through his veins and the muscles in his arms to flex. Talon was also excited for the chance to shop C.C. her place, and get revenge for the last time they were paired for a sparring.

"Ikaros, Grom and I will go first. I want to make sure you know this is just a duel for practice purposes, and you don't need to blow everything up again." Cainn said with a light chuckle. He lightly gripped Ikaros' chin in between his thumb and index finger when she didn't reply.

"Yes, master." Ikaros answered with a slight nod.

Cainn's robotic arm then transformed into its clawed version. He walked several yards away from the group as he watched Grom move from the females as well. Cainn noticed the orc cracking his knuckles as he was walking to his spot. 

"It has been a long time captain!" Grom answered with a sense of rivalry in his voice.

"Much too long." Cainn answered coolly before bursting into a sprint towards the massive green orc. He ducked underneath the tree trunk of an arm from Grom and dragged the tips of his claws arm along the tough skin of the orc's side. The adamantium steel was easily cutting into the thick hide of the monster causing him to bleed lightly from his midsection, but such a move was nothing to hinder the large beast. Quickly turning around, Cainn dropped his back down using his own body weight to avoid another punch from Grom. While Cainn was on his butt from the last dodge, Grom managed to get a monstrous grip on Cainn's ankle sending the human in an arch over his head swinging him into the wall of the small house.

In a crash, Cainn broke through the thin walls of the old house causing a cloud of dust and debris to cloak his actual location. The hulking orc stampeded through the opening of the wall knocking down several beams thus causing more of the structure to fall apart. Cainn finally emerged from the smoke and dug his claw deep into the back of Grom in a downward motion from his right shoulder to the left side of his lower back. In the blink of an eye, the captain disappeared back into the dust as Grom continued his onslaught destroying whatever lay in his path. Cainn emerged from the smoke again, but this time his arm was turned into a fist. He sent a powerful right hook to the orc, but just as the punch came nearer the thrusters along the side of the arm ignited, which caused the blow to be increased tenfold. The punch landed in the stomach of Grom and knocked him out of the house taking another wall out with him.

From Ikaros' eyes she locked onto Cainn and Grom seeing everything that took place with her highly developed aqua colored eyes. The dust did not hide anything from the Angeloid, so she watched how sneakily Cainn moved about the smokescreen avoiding the trampling and wild swinging from Grom.

C.C.'s eyes widened as she saw the large giant fly out of the side of the house. She saw Cainn use his mechanical arm before, so she was used to the different ways he used it, but never has she seen him send Grom flying out of a structure taking out a wall.

"Did you see that?!" Talon asked as she also saw the giant green man break through the wall like he had been shot out of a canon.

Grom slowly rose to his feet shaking himself back into the fighting rhyme again still slightly thrown off by the power of Cainn's new arm. Slowly the smoke subsided, and Cainn exited the hole in the wall with a smug grin across his face while he transformed his arm into a large gun-like form. Grom's eyes narrowed as he dove to his right avoiding the blast from Cainn's arm. Cainn knew he would dodge it in time, so he wasn't worried about hitting him with the shot. Grom stared in amazement at Cainn's appendage.

"Come on Grom!" Cainn taunted as he shifted his arm back into a fist as he ran towards the orc. Cainn clenched his fist so tightly that he could feel the raw power from the Radiant Wave Surger that powered his new limb. The energy was one-hundred times more potent than that of his last arm, and the heat was enough to torch a dried towel just by passing by it. The combustion chamber in his arm worked like a charm as the flames flared through a propelling nozzle. Cainn cocked back his arm and sent out another quick right hook into the side of the orc sending him rolling like a rag doll through the moist soil tearing up the terrain under him.

Again the orc slowly pushed his body up, not admitting defeat to a human and his toy. He unleashed his rage and morphed from an eight foot orc to twice his original size. The biceps in the beast's arms grew to an incredible size. The veins in his arms popped through his skin causing him to look like a green juggernaut. He dug up soil with every step as he quickly bridged the gap between Cainn and him. Cainn smirked as the true Grom revealed itself, and he too began running full speed towards the monster to meet his punch head on with his own. As both of the testosterone filled males twisted their cores and sent a powerful punch towards each other, the energy from Cainn's arm erupted to an unspeakable strength causing Ikaros' locked vision of Cainn to blind her for a moment before she could disable her infrared vision.

As the rock hard fist of Grom met the adamantium steel in Cainn's fist, the force was enough to erupt the ground beneath their feet causing the once lush green grass to fly into the air surrounding them, leaving only soil and roots unearthed at their feet. A loud crackling noise echoed through the valley as the flames erupted from Cainn's arm breaking the bones in the orc's fist and forearm. For a moment, the two stood there with their fists met. Everything around them went silent as Grom slowly shrunk back down to his normal size. The bones in his arm were cracked and jutting from the side of Grom's arm, a gasp passed through Namanay's lips as she watched intently.

A small smile spread across Grom's lips as he thought back to when Cainn and he first fought back when they were both slaves. The irony of him ripping Cainn's arm from the socket and now Cainn's new limb just broke his own arm. "I hope our new medic can fix this." Grom said as he slowly moved his broken arm to his side. The pain triggered every receptor in his arm as he walked over to the girls.

"Yeah, me too." Cainn answered slightly shocked that he managed to overpower Grom instead of winning by out-smarting him like he did in the past.

"Whoa!" Talon said while looking over to Kylie.

"It seems that Cainn has a few new tricks up his sleeve." C.C. said with a proud smile across her perfect lips.

Ikaros scanned the orc's arm quickly. "Master broke Grom's arm in four places."

"Cainn, we should like. Call that something!" Astraea said in an excited tone. "How about the Falcon Punch?!"

"Why a falcon?" Talon asked the big breasted Angeloid.

"The flame looked like a falcon when my infrared went all cooky!" Astraea explained.

"Hm, I don't like it." C.C. said referring to the name the Angeloid chose.

Ignoring all the silly talk about what to name Cainn's punch, Namanay rushed over to Grom as she picked through her brain for a spell that mended broken bones. Namanay had to first align the bones in order for them to heal correctly.

"Hold still please, Grom. This won't take long, but it may hurt a bit."

"Humf, nothing hurts me." Grom said trying to sound tough. He succeeded.

As Namanay held his arm still, she closed her eyes, looked to the ground, and mumbled a series of a complicated language. Before Grom even noticed the slight movement in his arm, it was over. He held up his fixed arm in surprise and started to inspect it. 

"I am impressed, priest. Although I did not feel any pain, it is going to take a lot more than some broken bones to hurt me badly." He said with a wink.

"You are too kind." Namanay stated as she bowed slightly to hide the deep purple he face was turning. "Cainn may I please inspect you to be sure you have no serious injuries?"

Cainn smiled and nodded lifting C.C. off his lap, so Namanay could get a full look at his body. C.C. was not pleased that she was asked to get up.

Namanay found an allover healing spell that would heal any minor fractures of sprains in his body at once. She thought she would use that to be more time efficient. She placed both hands on his chest, closed her eyes, and spoke to her Moon Goddess Elune. A bright glowing light appeared from under her hands and soon covered Cainn's whole body. Cainn's facial expression seemed very impressed and shocked. After about ten seconds, the spell was finished. Cainn was healed and Namanay was exhausted. Such a large spell took a lot of energy from her mentally. She bowed to Cainn and headed towards the shade to rest.

"Awesome spell Nam! Hope I can call you that too. It's a really cute nickname I came up with!" Astraea yelled as the priest walked off. "So who is next?! I want to see more fighting!"

Cainn was still analyzing his recovered skin and answered Astraea's question. "Well, I believe Talon and Kylie will team up on C.C. now."

Talon clenched her fists in excitement as a slight smirk found its way on her lips. "Yup, Kylie and I will put the Goddess to her knees."

C.C. let out a sigh before walking several yards away from the girls. She then bent down to tighten the straps on her boots before putting her are up in a defensive stance.

Kylie knew she never fought a single day in her life, and now here she was about to take on what looked like a seasoned fighter. "Are you sure I should be getting into this? I-I mean I have never even seriously punched someone before..." Her voice then trailed away as she looked over to Talon with an assuring smile on her face.

"The learning curve will be steep, but if you learn to run before you walk then you will not have an issue in a real life situation." Cainn explained before stepping away.

Talon was not hesitant in the slightest as she broke out in a full sprint towards the Goddess. She spun herself in the air and landed a round house kick to C.C.'s side. C.C. was not phased in the slightest as she quickly parried the kick with her forearms. Then, just like a cobra's strike she planted a focused jab right to Talon's core while she was still in mid-air. The Twi'lek landed behind C.C. holding her stomach as she attempted to regain her breath. A look of anger struck through the young female as she finally stood up straight. 

C.C. slowly spun on her heel to look at Talon with an extreme gaze watching for any signs of movement. Kylie attempted to use a distraction and punch C.C., but just as her fist came within inches of the woman, she was side stepped and countered with a kick straight up to her jaw knocking the human to her butt. Talon's face scrunched in vexation to the wantonly blow she just gave to Kylie, knowing the human's lack of combat skills. Talon ran towards C.C. and sent a combination of punches to only have them all dodged or parried by C.C.'s well defined defensive stance. The Twi'lek stepped back and vigorously twisted her core and hips sending a powerful kick to C.C. Although the kick was blocked, the velocity of the kick knocked C.C. off balance causing her to back pedal. Kylie took the opportunity to quickly grip C.C.'s legs making the Goddess trip backwards onto the dirty soil. C.C. let out a slight grunt as she shook herself free of the human's grip attempted to rise to her feet only to be knocked back down on her ass by Talon's telekinesis push.

C.C.'s amber eyes squinted in irritation as she quickly lunged herself to her feet from her back. Again, the Twi'lek attempted to send the woman to the ground, but it seemed to be in vane as the Goddess extended her palm nullifying her ability. Then she quickly stepped to where Kylie laid and sent a strong kick that dug into the soil for an inch under the girl launching her into the air and spiraling straight towards Talon. Instead of avoiding her friend, Talon allowed herself to cushion the landing for Kylie, semi-catching her before she too fell to the ground under the weight.

"Master, do you think C.C. will hurt them?" Ikaros asked in a slight concerned tone, knowing the capabilities of the woman.

"I hope she doesn't over do it." Cainn answered. His eyes locked onto the three girls.

"Kylie, we need to work together or she will pick us off one at a time." Talon suggested as she struggled to push the human off of her. 

Kylie nodded. "How are we going to do that?"

C.C. watched in silence, waiting for the girls to rise to their feet. Her small hands were raised in a defensive stance with her right hand clenched and her left one open. The amber eyes of the Goddess accented her jade hair and flawless pale skin. Although her outfit was dirty from the soil, it seemed elegant in a way. Her legs were separated with her left leg extending out in front of her, while her right foot dug deep into the soil planting her body where she stood.

Talon and Kylie finally rose to their feet after whispering their plan. Talon's facial expression almost seemed like they had won the session, while Kylie's face showed the exact opposite. The human lead the assault, while being followed closely by Talon closing the gap between them and C.C. The goddess watched carefully deciding to take the offensive, meeting them head on. Kylie sent a punch to C.C., but only hit air before being countered with a palm to her midsection, knocking her back. Talon quickly side-stepped the falling human and sent a kick, but to her misfortune, it was also dodged by the Goddess ducking under her leg and counted with a left jab and right hook to Talon's midsection. The woman fell to the ground getting knocked to her back.

Kylie lay on the ground with a sense of failure taking over her s she watched Talon be out maneuvered and sent to the ground yet again. The Twi'lek did not let it get to her as she pushed herself up and continued the assault. She mixed several quick jabs with kicks. Blocking the majority of the attacks, C.C. needed to regain the offensive or eventually Talon would soon wear her out with the endless energy the girl stockpiled. Spinning under and away from her last kick, C.C. found an opening just below her ribs sending another lightning quick jab into her side. While Talon cringed to the pain, C.C. continued her combination with an open palm to her back, sending Talon flying forward, but just as the girl had a moment to breathe again, she was left open to a frontal attack. C.C. stepped on Talon's foot, planting her to the ground; C.C. sent a flurry ending her combo with an open palm to her chest, knocking Talon back and unconscious.
