 For those who have stuck it out and have us on your favorite list. THANK YOU. We appreciate it so incredibly much. I'm so sorry it has taken me months to get this out. I just finished finalizing this chapter. Between school and buying a new house and my new full time job, I seem to have less time for free time.

Side note: We used some names of our favorite animes, movies, and games. Most I'm sure you will recognize. But the story is all original and entirely ours. 

WE DO NOT OWN A FEW NAMES IN THIS SERIES ALL COPYRIGHT'S BELONG TO THEIR MAKERS. WE USED THEM FOR ENJOYMENT PURPOSES ONLY. Please enjoy our story and leave feedback good or bad. I can post content very quickly so there will be little down time waiting for the next chapter.

Also, if you would like your favorite anime/character to make an appearance in our story whether with an awesome fight scene or steamy sex please leave us a comment below and maybe we can squeeze them in! :) 

-Nam&Rox

-----------------------------------------

Chapter 8

Vladamir led his crew down the ramp of the Moonlight Sonata, ready to embark on their assignment. He pressed a small button on the side of what looking like a watch on his wrist, and spoke into it. "Selesta wait for our return. If anything comes up, do not hesitate to alert Angel Lust."

"Yes captain!" Selesta responded, her voice sounded all too happy in a place of such genocide.

"The scent of Naomi is still strong, but it is being masked by the stench of many deaths." Draven said to Vladimir before crouching over on all fours. His front claws dug deep into the thick grass while taking in a deep waft.

"I can even smell the death of the Zarnarkians." Aria added, in a sad tone.

"Well the stench of rotting carc-" Xavius started.

"Enough! The sooner we find the Dollhouse and Naomi the sooner we leave." Vladimir ended the conversation there.

"...is hard to mistake." Xavius said under his breath.

Draven took the hint and pushed off his back paws and darted into the thick forest pursuing the scent on Naomi. Vladimir was surprisingly nimble as he followed the lycan on two feet with ease. Xavius was right next to them keeping pace, and next to him was Aria, her feet were not even touching the ground as she hovered just as fast as the other just inches off the ground. The nine tails of the fox-like woman danced and twitched as the wind passed through the fine fur.

The terrain was tangled with foliage and bent tree limbs signaled that others have passed through the woods recently. The reflexes of the lycan were not hindered by the obstacles of roots that covered the forest floor as he increased his speed. The scent of the woman strengthened with every stride forcing him to run faster and faster. Vladimir easily danced and managed through the limbs as well as slowing his pace to ensure that his crew was not too separated. Everyone on his crew had great stamina, but none could keep up with Draven when he was on a serious hunt. Xavius clumsily followed through the woods pulling several vines and low hanging limbs with him. Aria giggled at the demon as she flawlessly dodges everything in her path hardly making a sweat.

Draven's nostrils flared on his snout as he quickly found an invisible trail that seemed very fresh. The echo of gunshots exploded through the thick leaves of the trees causing the lycan's eyes to widen. As he lunged up the side of a tree, he used the trunk to catapult him over a ditch, landing on the camouflaged wing of the Dollhouse. The vessel's body was demolished, and one of the wings was all that seemed to be in one piece, but the lycan was concerned about only one thing: the crew who owned the ship. 

As Vladimir and the rest of the Sonata caught up with Draven, their morale slightly decreased as they saw the once mighty Dollhouse now seemingly devastated by the forest.

"Aria, Xavius search the remains." Vladimir ordered. "Draven do you have a scent still?"

"Hardly captain, another scent is overpowering hers." Draven answered.

After several moments, Xavius reported back to his captain.

"There are no bodies in the remains sir."

"No sign of intruders. Maybe after the crash the crew went to search for something." Aria added.

Draven's ears perked back up as the sounds of gun shots erupted through the trees again.

"That sounds close." Draven said as he took off in the direction of the sounds.

As he was running towards the gun shots, he could see a figure in the distance coming towards him. A slight shift in his eyes revealed it to be Naomi running towards him shotgun in hand. She wore a black tank top, and black cargo pants, with black leather combat boots. She was covered in flesh wounds that were most likely from the mangled limbs she carelessly sprinted through. Her hair was a very dark onyx and the only markings she had were thick black eyes shadow around her eyes. The lycan did not ask what she was running from, but instead ran right passed her and lunging at the first life form he saw, so she could get farther away. Draven's canines sank seep into a humanoid's throat causing it to yell from the pain before being put out of its misery with a deadly twist.

More and more humanoids poured from the thick foliage, mindlessly running through the branches. The creatures locked eyes with Naomi and Draven. The two noticed there was no life inside them. Just bodies being controlled.

"Run Draven! There are too many!" Naomi yelled.

Draven took one glance at the horde of mindless monsters and quickly agreed. He followed Naomi back to the wreckage of the Dollhouse where Vladimir and the rest of the Sonata crew resided.

Vladimir's eyes widened as he saw Naomi and Draven appear through the woods running full speed from something. "Fall back! Selesta call the Angel Lust and come get us stat!" The captain ordered through his communicator, but was not welcomed with a response.

Aria closed her eyes and focused a large amount of energy into a sphere that hovered just over her right palm. As she built up her energy, a large burst of wind surrounded her feet.

"Get over here now!" Vladimir called to the retreated two as he knew what was about to go down. Aria's spheres are nothing to take lightly.

With a slight scream, Aria threw her sphere right behind Draven and Naomi making a huge blast of blue light where it landed as it knocked back the wave of monsters.

"That should buy us some time." Aria said as she floated up to see if anymore were heading that way.

Naomi looked at Aria wide eyed. "You go girl. I'm glad we didn't get hit with that!"

Aria just smiled and nodded.

"What the hell were those Naomi?!" Vladimir asked clearly lost in the chain of events. "And nice shot Aria."

"Something Envidius attacked with caused the victims to turn into mindless killing machines." Naomi explained, as they retreated deeper into the forest in the opposite direction.

"Um Naomi...where is everyone else?" Aria asked quietly.

***

Soon after the crew left Selesta closed the ramp of the Moonlight Sonata and silently made her way to the cock pit. Carelessly, the succubus leaned back in her seat and rested her crossed feet over the control panel. She occasionally glanced over to the security screens to make sure all was well. At first nothing interesting happened, that caused the girl to yawn loudly in boredom, but just then a strange occurrence passed by one of the cameras.

A small area of the ship seemed slightly warped as it moved across the screen into a different screen right underneath. There was nothing there, but it looked as if the frame of the wall or windows bent just slightly warping the area in the silhouette of a person. The more Selesta stared at the screen the warping kept moving around the ship which showed up on a few screens. She then realized the cameras were not glitching. Someone or something could possibly be hidden by a cloaking device which would cause the bending of light around a figure making invisible to the naked eye, but not entirely to the security cameras.

Suddenly Selesta realized that the invisible enigma made it onto the ship and was heading to the cockpit, but it was already too late by the time she noticed. The sliding door opened revealing nothing there. Quickly Selesta turned pressing several buttons calling the Angel Lust just before having a painful thrust through her back and out of her sternum. She looked down and saw nothing still but bleeding holes. The air was taken from her lungs, and the feeling in her limbs subsided as she watched the blood drip from the invisible blade pierced through her chest. 

As she felt the dagger being removed from her chest, she fell back into the seat. Selesta sat lifeless as the screen opened up to a video call.

Cainn rushed to answer the call from Moonlight Sonata only to be horrified by the footage of a dead succubus in her seat with a gaping hole in the middle of her chest.

"What's the news capt?" Talon asked, running to the cock pit. Talon covered her mouth with a loud gasp and instantly silent tears rolled from the corners of her eyes. "Oh, oh ...my..." She couldn't even speak as she ran towards Kylie and C.C.

Kylie stood in shock as she held Talon to try and comfort her friend.

Cainn pressed a button on the control panel disabling the footage. "Nymph! Track the Sonata's coordinates they are in trouble."

Nymph made her way to the pilot's seat and entered a code. "Prepare for takeoff." 

***

The venture back through the lush forest felt as though it was never ending. The crew's stamina was dwindling.

"The Moonlight Sonata is only about another thousand yards!" Draven informed the group trying to boost their morale.

Vladimir again pressed the button on his wrist trying to get a hold of Selesta, but was responded with silence. "Dammit, Selesta! What the hell are you doing?!"

Naomi kept her mind free of everything; she had been in this hell for what seemed like an eternity, and her saviors are in need of a savior. Her petite hands gripped the fore end of the shot gun pulling it back preparing another shell for one of their followers.

Xavius suddenly tripped over a very thin line triggering a volley of blades to erupt underneath him impaling his legs causing him to collapse to the ground. The satyr roared in pain as the blades disabled him from keeping up with the rest of the group.

"Don't look back! Leave me!" Xavius yelled, as he was swarmed by the horde of undead minions. The horrendous screams of agony echoed through the trees of forest fueling the fear in the remaining members.

Aria spread her fingers in her right hand causing her orb of energy to split into three small spheres and haphazardly shot them back in a cone shape hitting as many undead as she could. 

Draven quickly dug his claws into the ground sliding to a halt as he noticed more zombies emerge from the foliage in front of them. "We are surrounded!"

Just as all hope seemed to end, the Angel Lust emerged over the thick canopy lowering itself down enough so the opened ramp was just a jump off the ground. Hanging strapped along the side were Talon, Grom, and Kylie doing their best to give cover fire as their allies bridged the gap.

Cainn sailed in an arc from the side of the ship landing just behind Naomi, sinking a powerful downward punch on the closest monster he could reach, igniting the soulless hulk with his radiant wave surger in his right arm.

"They even sent the Nebakanezer?!" Naomi asked, smiling at the sight of Cainn causing her black eye shadow and hair to change to a light blue color.

"We are Angel Lust now, but yes they sent us too." Cainn said, with a smug grin happy to see his former captain alive and well. "Get to the ship we will handle this!"

Ikaros and Astraea were like a pink and blue blur as they emerged from the Angel Lust faster than lightning. Their speed caused the area to be a war zone with their extravagant weaponry. 

Astraea's speed was unmatched causing a loud boom as her persona blurred to the point of disappearance as she sliced through many hordes of monsters with her sword. Ikaros on the other hand excelled in long range combat summoning many homing energy missiles from her bright pink wings. She blew up the undead and the terrain wantonly at the edge of the clearing buying everyone more time to get to safety.

Cainn's arm swapped forms into a claw as he turned down from Naomi and ran into the fray severing many monsters in his wake. Kylie's shot were not perfect, but about ninety percent of them found their mark disabling the creature from causing any further harm. On the other hand, every one of Talon's bullets reached their target shooting off heads and limbs like she was at target practice.

Draven lunged onto the ramp turning to pull up Naomi and Vladimir except for Aria who just levitated up the extra few feet.

As the onslaught of hordes continued to pour into the clearing, Cainn noticed everyone was safely in the ship and signaled for a retreat. Raising his robotic arm, he was yanked up into the air by Ikaros and was safely lowered onto the ramp before being followed by Astraea barely making it into the ship as the ramp closed.

The room was silent at first as everyone was at a complete loss for words. Talon and Kylie entered the crowded room just as everyone began to relax and breathe at a normal pace again. Namanay was silently examining everyone's wounds taking extra time to thoroughly look over Naomi's cuts and bruises she sustained.

"I will break the ice. What exactly is going on down there?" Cainn asked, knowing Naomi would be the only one capable of answering the question.

"They are the product of some biological weapon Envidius used to wipe out Zanarkand." Naomi said, trying to keep it short and concise. "There are still troops in the forest. I believe they are watching and recording the effects." Naomi looked over to Vladimir. "I'm sorry for the loss of your crew member."

"He died in honor. Are you certain it was Envidius troops and not an act of terrorism?" Vladimir stated, bowing his head at the thought of Xavius.

"I thought that as well until we ran into them ourselves. They are not even trying to hide it. All of their uniforms, vessels, weapons, hell they even dropped off some of their generals to ensure that everything went according to plan." Naomi said, clearly shocked herself by the way Envidius were going about this.

"They mean to inflict fear." C.C. said knowing the most about the God's tactics of war. "They do not care about hiding anything, especially the people of Envidius. They strive on power. We need to leave this planet if we wish to live."

"Gods..." Draven's voice trailed. Draven looked around curiously. He realized Selesta did not respond to their calls for help. "Where is Selesta?!"

The room fell silent as everyone of the Angel Lust all looked down in unison. They were not sure how to deliver the news.

"She is the reason we came searching for you. She saved your lives." Cainn said, giving them a beat around the bush answer.

"What exactly are you saying Cainn?!" Draven said, as he was building anger.

"Draven, we both know she didn't go down without a fight." Vladamir said, resting his hand on the lycan's shoulder, trying to calm him down.

Draven punched the wall denting it as he exited the room.

"Captain! We have an urgent message from Captain Lagan from the Deus Ex." Nymph's voice announced over the intercom.

"On my way Nymph." Cainn answered. He quickly stepped out of the room into the cock pit followed by everyone else crowding the small hallway trying to see what was going on.

The video was very shaky and it almost looked like a home video in the woods as the footage bounced up and down and jerked backwards revealing several familiar bodies lying on the ground.

"I don't have long. Envidius has used an altered form of the parasite Toxoplasma. Toxoplasma is a parasite that affects the host's brain altering their behavior, but it seems their altered version has evolved to the point of not only manipulating behavior but the body as well. The parasite grows with the host even being able to reanimate corpses reversing rigor mortis, but only for a limited amount of time before having to relocate to a living being." Lagan explained, pausing between sentences as he ran from whatever mysterious monster slaughtered his crew members. "The parasite can only strive if the queen is in close proximity because unlike other parasites they lack self-direction. Meaning they are mindless eating machines not capable of any real task unless ordered to do so. If my assumption is correct, kill the queen and the young will hopefully all drop dead. The original host has to be on the planet. If they are not wiped out fast, then they will evolve past the point of dying with a well-aimed headshot and might even morph themselves into something more hideous. The Deus Ex have all died retrieving this information don't let my crews deaths be in vain." Lagan ended his long explanation with a sigh before slowing to a stop. The vision panned out and the silhouette of a man appeared on the screen.

"Cyrus?" Cainn said aloud, not sure if Lagan could even hear him through the live footage he showed everyone through his robotic eye.

"Dalmascia will stop you!" Lagan shouted to the man trying to regain his composure.

"Let them come!" Cyrus laughed. A devilish smirk crossed his lips. His chest was chiseled down the center and designed with the several scare that ran down his cut abs.

The area in front of Lagan seemed to warp with an invisible silhouette that lunged at the cyborg impaling a blade through the chest of the captain. In a last ditch effort, Lagan activated a small field of electricity deactivating the attackers cloaking device for a moment, revealing a humanoid dressed in a powered exoskeleton suit with a long blade jutting from a small opening right over its right fist. The footage from Lagan ended abruptly after the assassin has been revealed for a split moment.

Tears began to build up in Kylie's eyes as she witnessed what happened. Just a few hours ago everyone was alive and well, but now more than half of the crew members were killed off.

"He ... is alive?!" Cainn yelled, looking to C.C. with an intense fury in his hazel eyes.

C.C. just remained silent as Cainn forcefully pushed her back against the wall and tightly wrapped his chrome hand around her neck.

"I assumed he was dead." C.C. said back nonchalantly, not showing any sign of fear or remorse.

"Assumed! I gave you my life! I gave you everything and you just ASSUMED he was dead!?" Cainn continued showering his darker side that was locked up deep within his past.

"Calm yourself, Cainn." Grom said, stepping in between Cainn and C.C. know that side of the captain all too well. If Cainn were to take it out on someone, it would be him. "We were gladiator slaves. If we disappeared off the map, then it is a safe assumption we died." The orc said in a rumbled tone knowing the pain that must be deep within his captain.

"Who is this guy?" Vladimir asked, trying to change the mood in the cramped cockpit.

"He's my younger brother." Cainn answered, as he released his grip from C.C.'s neck. "I was not kidnapped alone. I was taken with my younger brother. I was only fourteen, and he was twelve when we were purchased by a slave trader and forced into underground games."

"Now he is an Envidius general? He has the sigil tattooed on his chest." Draven said, in an angered tone. He began to wonder if he could trust Cainn anymore.

"About ten years back Cainn was purchased and lost all contact with his sibling. He could very well be their leader for all he knows." C.C. said, ensuring Draven that Cainn had nothing to do with any of these events.

"Let's focus on the issue at hand. Dues Ex has been killed and two of Moonlight has been killed along with my entire crew. Naomi reminded everyone. "You heard Lagan, we need to find the queen's host and bring them down before this entire planet becomes a feeding ground. They are not smart by any means. I have been stuck out here by myself for who knows how long."
