 I'm going to be honest...I was not going to upload Angel of Retribution (AOR), but since I have ALLOT of work to do on The Witch and the Dragon, I figured, let me give my readers something to munch on while I work on W&D. I'll release AOR in four parts because its 406 pages long. This first part is the prologue to chapter five.

So now the WARNING: Some of you find sexual situations involving more than two people distasteful. This story has a scene where the main male character, Remien Fyre, participates in a sexual act with the main characters from the previous book, Devon and Angel. So if that's going to get your panties in a twist, read my other stories while W&D comes out again a few weeks from now.

I love all my characters, but must admit, that Remien and Davariel are my favorites... because they're bad-boys (but sweethearts too).

So, if you're expecting an upright, all-around good, honest dude, you're in for a big disappointment. Remi is off the wall crazy (if you did not get that picture from the previous book). He has sensory issues-his nerve endings process pain as pleasure. He is not submissive, but being dominated sexually trips his switch big time! He has a good heart, but likes to stick his nose where he shouldn't. Remi is not a perfect man, but he's sexy as hell, funny as all get-out, absolutely nuts, and has a good heart. As for Seth, Remi does NOT dislike Seth. He loves Seth, even though they fight like an old married couple. Seth is a bit uptight, and Remi just loves to press his buttons (all the ones that piss the weretigre off, lol).

Anyway, I hope you enjoy AOR, grow to love Remi as much as I do, and not be too hard on my crimson-haired baby (who I ADORE). Rowie is one cool chick too. If I had to pick an actress to play Rowie's role in the movie version of AOR, it would be Kate Beckinsale, from Underworld. That's who I kept visualizing as I wrote her.

The prologue starts out during that period BEFORE the Alpha Angels were frozen in the suspended animation orbs. I wanted to show the very first time Remien Fyre came aboard Alpha 7 and saw Rowie for the first time. And then the subsequent chapter or two, overlap from Dark Prince, when they were looking for Devon on Megdoluc. Remember- when Remi's dragon roar kept sounding out, and when Dev found him sobbing over a puddle of Rowie's blood?

Anyway, that's it for now. Please vote and especially leave a comment. Comments to a writer are like applause to a musician. Thank You...

LH





