 More about Remi and Rowie:

Rowie is Drakken's daughter (FALLEN ANGEL), if you haven't guessed by now. When she was little, like four, some anti-were activists broke into her home. Her mom hid Rowie under the floorboards of the basement to protect her. The men found Rowie's mom and after beating and raping the poor woman, they staked her through the heart. Rowie was lying beneath the floor boards the whole time, terrified and crying. Her mommy's blood dripped on her for hours before she finally crawled out and fled for her life. She lived as an outcast refugee the whole time she remained on Earth before Devon and Lucien rescued her.

Remien also fell victim to the hatred that existed on Earth toward mixed species. His mom didn't know that the inoculations the government made her give her baby was affecting him. Remi became autistic when he was little, his ability to feel was atrophied and he found it hard to focus on reality (attention span deficiency). Devon tried to fix his damaged nerves and brain anomalies, but Remi still has a hard time distinguishing pain and pleasure. Feeling his skin whipped, or cut sends him into ecstasy, but being tickled feels like agony for him.

Chapter Six

Rowie watched the flurry of movement in her rooms. Rack after rack of clothing and boxes of shoes, boots, and other accessories were being put away in her closet that was as big as her quarters back at Alpha 7.

She closed her eyes with a sigh. She didn't give a damn about the clothes, or the shoes, or the fine jewels she spotted one of the female vampires carrying. She didn't give a damn that she was soon to become the next singing legend.

Rowie would trade it all away, including being an Alpha Angel, if she could just be with Remi again.

The past few weeks were spent reflecting upon many things, aside from crying like a fool. Remien's irritating personality was what had endeared him to her in the end. From the moment he laid eyes on her, he decided she was to be his, and damn if he didn't give her a good chase for the past two years.

Rowie sighed, looking down at her dark purple lacquered nails. Her lip quivered.

Everything he did was to either entice her or aggravate her. Training time had become especially frustrating. She remembered him peeling off his shirt once, leaving his samurai-styled drawstring black pants to practice wielding a Tocktaran baton. She'd watched him, entranced, as he twirled the double bladed baton over his head and around his lean muscled body, using movements similar to Earth's martial arts in slow graceful sweeps. Every breath he took had her heart racing. Every turn and move he made had his muscles rippling like an exotic dancer, especially with his wild red hair, loose and streaming down his back. The pants he wore rode low on his hips, showing his lean waist, enticing jut of his hipbones, and the sweet dimples just above his ass. Rowie had been so turned on, she was on the verge of having an orgasm.

"Damn-it all," she hissed shooting to her feet.

Rowie began to wring her fingers and pace her room. Maybe Devon was right. Remi would be safe if Devon oversaw the visit. Dev was really powerful. He'd make sure Remi was safe.

...But then what?

Shaking her head, she realized that it was stupid to let the weredragon see her. It would only make things more painful for both of them. It would be years before Rowie obtained enough control to be able to so much as kiss Remi again. She wasn't about to ask him to wait. Remien Fyre would eventually grow tired and find himself another. That would break her heart... something she had vowed never to let a man do. She'd watched her mother suffer when Drakken never returned.

"Row?"

Rowie turned to the sound of Gabriel's deep voice. He peered into her room with a smile.

"I've got some friends I want you to meet." She saw the uncertainty in his dark eyes. "Is it okay? We can come by later if you..."

"No, Gabe. It's fine. Bring your little friends in." She smiled at him.

Gabriel opened the door wider and in stepped seven more vampires; five black haired males and two females, one blonde, the other red-haired.

Rowie shivered, feeling the shimmer of power sliding over her. One of them was a Master Guardian. The tall, red-haired female grinned at her, and nodded. Rowie recognized her as being the lead singer of the all female group, Ashtar.

"I'm Liara." The woman snaked an arm around the beautiful blonde next to her. "This is my lover, Marinia."

The blonde beauty smiled at Rowie, her pale green eyes dipping to look at Rowie from head to foot, then back again.

Rowie nodded at them, "Rowie."

Liara's smile grew broader. "Yes. We know."

Gabriel cleared his throat with a grin and gestured to the male vamps. "Row? These are the Teus brothers. They're Draconius Imorteus. This is Draco, Oni, Imo, Iusi, and Morte."

The brothers were rail thin, pale, with long, shiny black hair and amber eyes. Draco, the lead singer, was the only one who had a little more muscle to his build and was actually kind of sexy."

"Welcome to the family," Draco's deep voice purred.

Rowie invited them to sit in the lounging area before a stone fireplace to the left of her bedroom. She'd never entertained Vampires before so she wasn't sure of what to do. Rafe saved the night by showing up with bottles of wine and blood substitute.

He tossed Rowie a packet of blood substitute before opening a bottle of wine for the rest of them.

She wrinkled her nose and placed the packet on the small table near the settee she sat in.

One of the Teus brothers noticed and sauntered over to her.

"May I?" His long fingers gestured to the spot next to her.

Rowie shrugged. "Sure." He looked like a mere boy—albeit a tall lanky one.

"So how does it feel to be the newest rock legend?" Draco asked, his golden eyes gleaming wickedly over his goblet of wine.

Rowie smirked. "I'm hardly a legend. The tour hasn't even started yet."

Liara tilted her head to the side. "You will be... but not for a very long time."

Rowie's eyes narrowed. She wondered if this female had the gift of sight. Liara only smiled.

"I see a lovely creature... with blood red locks." Liara continued as Rowie's eyes widened. Liara licked her lips, her voice going sultry. "He's... fascinating. So beautiful." The vampire closed her eyes and Rowie wondered if she looked as insanely jealous as the blonde next to the female vampire. What was Liara seeing?

Liara's eyes snapped open. Rowie stared at her expectantly as well as everyone else.

"Well?" Rafe prodded.

Liara sighed and shrugged. "I see him fathering a brood of special dragon spawns."

Rowie's heart shattered in a million pieces. As a full-blooded vampire, she could no longer conceive.

"His spawn will someday be tantamount in destroying the second rise of the dark prince Davariel."

Rowie's head jerked up at the mention of Devon's father.

"The second rise?"

"Lately, those that have the vision are seeing the rise of another golden haired angel of destruction."

"But Davariel?" Rowie didn't understand. Davariel had been pushed, along with his lover, into the realm of shadows. No one escaped the realm of shadows.

"His blood runs in the veins of his son."

Rowie laughed, feeling defensive. "Devon is the sweetest person I know. Besides... his hair is blacker than pitch."

"His blood runs in the veins of his unborn." Liara was no longer smiling.

Rowie blinked. Angel was pregnant?

He hand came up to her stomach. She looked down at the flat belly that would never grow with life. Devon was going to be a dad... and so was Remien Fyre.

"Hey, are you okay?" Imo touched her chin, making her jump.

She stared at the thin boy next to her. He smiled. "Yeah. I'm fine."

"Hey, how about Myano?" Gabriel said, obviously trying to change the subject.

"That slut," Draco snorted. "There's no way I'm going to believe he ran off with Taktak."

"I don't know," Rafe mused. "I think he was kind of sweet on that guy. He was cute for a Chidadent. I mean if you go for orange colored humanoids."

"I like Gruesh girls," Oni waggled his brows, swirling his goblet of wine as he leaned farther back into the cushions of the couch he shared with Draco and Gabriel. "Those four breasts, and that pretty blue color." He closed his eyes and groaned.  

The vampires laughed.

"Are you thirsty?" Imo asked Rowie in a soft tone.

Rowie turned wide eyes to him, but he only smiled at her and shook his long, sleek black hair back. Her jaw dropped as she realized that he was inviting her to bite him. The settee dipped to her other side and she turned to see his twin, Iusi, settling next to her, also shaking back his mane from his neck. "Hey, why should you be the first one? I'm the oldest."

"Whoa. I'm not biting anyone," Rowie assured, making them pout.

"See what you did?" Imo accused his brother.

"I didn't do a thing," Iusi returned with a scowl.

"Boys," Draco admonished like a true big brother.

"I'm the lead power guitarist," Imo muttered under his breath.

Iusi slanted him an angry glare, "I write the songs."

Imo shrugged. "I'm the lead power guitarist."

Rowie had to smile, but then she felt like crying. These two reminded her of Remi and Seth's squabbles.

 *** ***