 A few definitions or vocabulary, if you will, to better understand the story:

Cambion-A creature born of a humanoid through sexual joining with another humanoid who is possessed by an incubus or succubus. These creatures are of sublime beauty and at first flourish from the energy put out of love, but as they grow older, the feed on sexual energy. They can induce sexual frenzy unconsciously. Also they affect most sentient beings, driving them insane with desire, also something they cannot control. Most magical creatures are not affected by Cambions: older Vampires, Fae, Elves, Seraphs and Reapers. They mildly affect half breeds (like Remi, Zak, and Rowie because she is a new vampire. Seth manages to resist because he's almost as powerful as Devon, plus he was anointed an archangel and the power of his divine sword plus his guardian Dominatio (cherub) protects him.

In this chapter Remi is still determined to cure Rowie of her vampirism, which, in this alternate universe, is a virus. Remi has repeatedly tried to get her to drink his blood in a half shift, but is having a hard time getting the opportunity for her to drink enough to reverse the effects of the virus. So he decides to go FULL dragon and let her engorge from him. About Remi in dragon form: its still the same person, but when he shifts, biologically he actually turns into a dragon, so his mindset changes too. He tries to hold onto his human thoughts, but his beastly nature eventually takes over until he goes ballistic into full big-bad-fire-breathing dragon mode. Rowie is the only one who can implicitly control him. So keep in mind, Remi is half human, half forty-foot, 2 ton dragon when he shifts, but its still Remi. And the reason I'm saying this is as a warning. Remi is rascally and naughty and he LOVES his girl. Whether he's a six-foot --three human "sex-god" or his big bad dragon. If you think Remi getting frisky with his girl while in dragon form is going to ick you, then DON"T read this chapter!!!

 Chapter Twelve ***