 Author's note: This story was requested by tallon90 on Hentai Foundry, and the characters featured are his own OCs.



"All right, Angel, we're out! Have a nice evening."

"Don't do anything we wouldn't do!"

Without looking up from her laptop's screen, Angel mumbled something as her two roommates closed the apartment's door behind them. With a bored expression, the young woman typed something in.

Angel: omfg I thought they were never gonna leave \@_@/

Angel: well give me a few minutes to set up

Angel set her laptop on the table and left the living room to change her clothes. When she came back, she dimmed the lights, turned on some soft background music, then leaned towards her laptop and pressed the button to turn the webcam on.

She stepped back, and saw her own image displayed onscreen. She was an attractive young woman, her jet-black hair pulled back into a long ponytail, save for a single strand of hair stylishly hanging by the side of her face. She wore narrow rectangle-rimmed glasses and a touch of makeup. Her body was lean but quite curvaceous, and tonight she was wearing a tight white T-shirt, through which the outline of a black bra could be seen, as well as a pair of dark purple short shorts and some black stockings. She flashed a small smile to the camera.

"Well, here we are, everyone. I promised to show you something the world has never seen before, and it's finally done. I finished building... this."

She went off-screen for a second, and wheeled in a large object, partially covered by a white blanket. She pulled it back, and revealed what appeared to be a futuristic office chair, seemingly all made of liquid silver.

"I'll spare you the details since this isn't science hour," Angel explained as she sat down in the strange chair, legs and hands crossed, "but all you need to know is that it's attuned to my brainwaves and has an AI programmed both to please me and give you a good show."

On Angel's shoulder appeared something gleaming, a silvery tendril slithering onto her shirt, quickly joined by another one. They appeared to be made out of the same material as the chair, and it quickly became obvious that they had grown from it like liquid metal. The bespectacled beauty raised her hands as the two tendrils grabbed at the hem of her shirt and slowly pulled it up, revealing her taut stomach, then freeing her rather sizable breasts, cupped by a lacy black bra. The tendrils dropped the shirt into the woman's hand before retracting back into the chair. She threw it away on the nearby couch then looked back at the webcam directly.

"Neat, isn't it?"

Angel smiled as she scanned the chatroom's incredulous reaction. She knew it was going to make an impression, though she didn't quite realize how much of one she made. She was quite the tech genius, and even if the effort was impressive even by her standards, it was starting to verge into the realm of science-fiction.

Of course, the lady genius didn't have time to think about this much further as a pair of large, silver hands appeared from under her armpits and latched onto her breasts, fondling them slowly but intently. With a coy giggle, Angel leaned forward towards the camera, giving it a better view as the hands, which followed, kept toying with her boobs.

From behind, a smaller little tendril quietly undid the clasp of her bra, which fell right on top of the camera. The view remained obstructed for a few seconds, during which could be heard a soft thudding noise, a giggling sound coming from Angel, then faint panting. Finally, the bra was removed, a bit clumsily, by Angel's black stocking-clad foot. She had leaned far back into the chair, and while her own hands clung to the armrests, the two silvery hands fondled her breasts with more intensity, and after a moment, a pair of smaller tendrils extended from the armrests and joined the mix, coiling themselves around Angel's breasts to go tweak, tickle and tug on her erect nipples lightly.

Judging by her expression, she seemed to be enjoying the breast massage quite a bit, but after a moment, it simply stopped, and the hands moved away from her breasts. Angel opened her eyes to see what those silver hands were doing, but the moment she did, they took her by the shoulders and pulled her back into the seat. The chair leaned back so as to give a good view of the woman's crotch, and very quickly, Angel's look of surprise turned to one of mischief, directed at the camera. She could guess what was coming next.

A second pair of hands appeared between Angel's legs, slowly removing her shorts and then spreading her legs. She wore lacy black panties to match her now-discarded bra, and the shot lingered there for a moment before one of the hands moved them aside with a few fingers, revealing Angel's eager pussy.

Then, another long, snakelike tendril emerged from the chair in front of her sex, glistening wet. The snake-like appendage didn't wait another second to lap at Angel's crotch, causing her to yelp in surprise, then shudder and moan as it went on, licking and licking. It looked sloppy, certainly, but Angel's increasingly loud sounds of pleasure made it clear that it was expertly done, hitting her most sensitive spots as if it knew them by heart. Soon, a tiny tendril split off from the larger one, latching onto her clitoris and starting to play with it, even suckling it down. The upper hands that had been securing Angel were joined by yet another pair, stimulating her tits again. It didn't take very long for the ponytailed beauty, clutching the armrests, to give signs of being on the verge of an Earth-shattering orgasm...

Then it stopped. Again. The tongue disappeared, and the hands that had been playing with Angel's breasts retracted themselves once more.

"Oh, come on, don't tease me like that!" panted a blushing Angel, looking like she'd momentarily forgotten the camera filming her as she scolded her capricious invention. She writhed in her seat again, trying to coax something else out of the morphing chair...

...and where the tongue had been just a moment ago, instead, slowly grew a thick, metallic cock, about a foot long when it stopped. Angel bit her lip in anticipation, seconds seeming like millennia as it angled itself down and made its way towards her pussy.

It slid in, and a shudder rocked Angel's entire body as it did. Not waiting for it to take further initiative, she clutched the armrests even harder and moved her entire body to thrust herself onto the phallus. The arms keeping a hold of her shoulders relaxed somewhat, allowing her some freedom of movement. She thrust and thrust, panting as she chased that orgasm she'd just been denied, breasts flopping in front of the camera and hair falling in front of her face...

Then, finally, she screamed. The chatroom exploded as Angel did, with more and more users pouring, all ready to see more.

As the silver, wet shaft shrunk away from her, Angel allowed herself a moment to catch her breath. She brushed the hair out of her face, and adjusted her glasses, which she had noticed had gone askew. She then smiled to the camera, and leaned towards the microphone.

"That was a good warm-up," she purred, "What do you say we end this with a bang?"

The moment she said that, the entire chair shifted around her. Tendrils shot out and joined each other, and though the webcam's field of view made it hard to see, the chair had just been expanded into an intricate set of silver bars, arranged in a spherical grid around Angel. Smiling mischievously, she got up, holding on to one of the bars, and pointed down to where she'd just been sitting. Another metallic cock had emerged from the chair, a bit smaller than the previous one, and already glistening wet, though positioned further back than before...

The naked woman positioned herself to sit down on it once more, and she did so, slowly, guided by a pair of hands that had just happened. At first she gasped, and then she held her breath and shuddered as she lodged the hard object into her anus. When her ass touched the chair itself once more, Angel's entire body had tensed up...

What happened next happened quickly. Surprising even Angel, the whole chair tipped forward, with a pair of large, strong hand emerging to keep her steady as it began to fuck her anally, doggy-style. The overwhelming sensations didn't end there, however, as a second cock appeared from the chair to thrust itself back into Angel's pussy. The two mechanical members thrust in a synchronized motion, with one pumping in as the other pumped out, doubly penetrating the woman in a way no human ever could.

"MORE!" Angel shouted in-between moans of ecstasy, and from the silver grid surrounding her appeared another cock, right in front of her face. It extended further and further until she took it into her mouth, fitting her lips around it and eagerly sucking, bobbing her head in rhythm with the two cocks assaulting her with pleasure. More hands appeared around her, most of them large and manly, but a few appearing more feminine as well, to caress her body all over, stimulating her breasts as well as all of her other, neglected erogenous zones. At some point during all this, Angel's hair came undone, draping her shoulders and flying around her lightly as she enjoyed her crazy ride. A circle of cocks formed itself around her (exactly as many of them as there were people in the chatroom at that instant), and while Angel took a pair of them in her hands and quickly jerked them off, most of them did the job themselves. The cocks and hands thrust and caressed, faster and faster, building up to an amazing crescendo... Already, a few cocks around her sprayed their white fluid on her, and a few beats later, Angel...

*****

"Hey. Did I just dream, or did someone scream?" Angel's roommate, Tess, asked, sliding her finger on the edge of her martini glass.

"Yeah. It sounded like Angel. But she's all the way back home as usual, isn't she?" the other roommate, Willow, pondered.

"Well, either she's just orgasmed louder than she's ever orgasmed, or she's somehow broadcasting it across the whole city."

"Well, whatever it is she's doing, we've got to ask her if we can try it once we get back home."