 Angela had booked a hotel session with this client today. He was a middle aged black man, well groomed, six feet tall, heavily built but not overly fat, more an older athlete who hadn't lost his appetite.

"I need a 90 minute session, starting 3.30pm"

"4 pm ok? Deep tissue or Swedish?"

"Deeper the better"

She'd heard it all in her line of work, but he sounded straight. She got his credit card data, and then got his contact information. 

At the Brryanston Hotel, he was in room 512. She knocked once, and he let her in. He was in a shirt and slacks. 

"Hi, I'm Angela"

"Call me David, where's your table?"

"Right here"

"Put it over by the lamp. I need to ask you a favor"

She'd heard it all by this time. She stood tense, waiting for something silly to come out of his mouth.

"Tell me about yourself. Why do you do massages?"

"What's that got to do with you? What's this favor you want?"

"Well I'll be straight. I don't need a massage. I need to release some tension."

"Massages do that, you know."

"You know what I'm saying. I think you're hot. But I need to fuck."

"That's not my problem. I'm a professional massage therapist."

"Well, why don't we make it a bet. I pay upfront anyway. $500. You get naked. Stop me anytime you want. If we end up fucking you give me that massage anyway."

She needed the money, but he could be police. Or worse. It was a lot of money. As she spoke he counted the money out and put it on the bed side table. IT was a lot of money. 

"How do I know you're safe?"

"He laughed. You don't."

"That's not great,you know?"

"What are you worried about? You realize I was referred to your practice from the hospital, right? They have all my information, and you can tell from my records I'm HIV negative"

"You've still gotta use a condom with me"

"So now we're on?"

"I didn't say that" 

He smiled. They had a short discussion about plans and values, but he got the sense she was already ready, and was just needing to get more comfortable. 

"What's it gonna be?"

"Go to the bathroom for ten minutes, and I'll get out of my clothes and get to bed. I will stop this if I feel strange at any time"

She didn't fuck with customers - anymore. It was all downside. But something about the 28th of the month and his manner made her feel comfortable. And he was cute, like a younger uncle. 

David thought she was hot. She was tall, looked greek or Mediterranean, and she had a body...lean, curves, like a dancer. And she had that look in her eye, that confidence, like one who knew what she wanted out of life. He took his clothes off and waited for a few minutes. 

"Can I come out?" 

"Sure, I'm ready"...

She never expected to like it. 

He made all these promises, she had heard them all. She expected another soft bellied, pitifully endowed man who would last two seconds and tell her how good he usually was.

She lay on her back, wearing her nail polish and her earrings. Her belly was flat, her pussy covered with a dense black thatch of hair, and her g cup breasts were firm and full. Her nipples were large but flat. Her olive colored skin glowed in the dark. She couldn't see him but she heard him move.

He started touching her neck, running his fingers from her earlobes softly down her neck to her collarbone. He kissed her ears, her forehead, her neck. His arms went around her, and stroked her leanly muscled back. She arched her back. 

She started to relax. Then he bit her ear. 

She started getting wet. He stroked her collarbones, and kissed her lips. 

She opened her eyes. He was working his way down her neck, kissing her chest, then her collarbones and breasts. He licked around her left areola, slowly, with his rough tongue. Her nipples hardened, and the warmth in her center intensified. Now she was soaked. He licked her belly button - she flinched, she didn't like that - and he backed off. He was very aware of her. As he approached her pussy, he put the base of one hand below her belly button, and stroked her hard clit with the other hand. 

He pulled back her prepuce, and licked her clit gently, as it got harder and harder. She moaned. She had forgotten to check the time, and she had no idea how long this had gone. He pushed one finger into her, while licking the same spot on her clit. He pushed in another finger, and pushed back until he got to her roughened, hardening g spot. He bent his finder toward himself, and pressed on the spot. 

His other hand kept her from flying off the bed. She was not expecting that. He pushed his face into her pussy, sucking, licking, and stroking her clit with his thumb. He pressed harder on her g spot. Her pussy was swollen, soaked, and she had stopped trying to predict anything.

"O my God yes. Oooooo ooooo oooooo ooooo1 Why1 OOOOOOO How are you doing this to me? Why me? What have I done? David you have to stop.."

He couldn't speak with his mouth on her, but he kept the pressure on her g spot while he stroked her clit.

Her breathing deepened, and she started to sweat. His pressure on her g spot increased, and she started to feel it build. He breathed harder.

She had to pee. She started moving, but he held her down, he wouldn't let her move, her nipples were swollen, her body tensed. She exploded. Her arched back threw him off, as fluid gushed from her pussy, pulsing all over his face, all over the bed.

"O my God..what the..O... I.."

"You just squirted. It happens"

Her breath was ragged, she was soaked. It didn't smell like urine, but it had never happened before. She was unsure what to say. Did he think she was a bed wetter? Was he disgusted? Why did it feel so good? 

He got on his knees, and raised her feet to the air. What was he doing? Then she felt him. Slowly. He touched her swollen, wet pussy with the tip of his cock. She gasped. She wasn't done with her orgasm. But he didn't care. He pushed. He entered her slowly, holding firmly to her feet, pulling them apart to open her to him. She pushed back. He was inside. His dick touched her g spot, and then pushed further. He was a pussy filler. She could take no more. Then he pushed some more. He was so hard. She felt stretched, her eyes teared. Then he stopped pushing. He stroked her breasts. His hands were full of breast, then he stroked her hard nipples. She shuddered again. Her hips moved, but then he started moving his, rotating his hips first very slowly. She realized he was letting her pussy get used to being so full. HE shook her, from her womb, to her cervix, to her pussy, and she felt every breath of his. 

The sensation was too much. Then she got used to it, then his hip movement sped up. She felt lightheaded. He started pumping in and out. His cock hit her g spot, and then went further to a point at the top of her vagina, right above her cervix. Each time he hit that spot she exhaled. Then she started to feel faint. She was floating, then she started to tense up. Then the gushing happened again. This time he stroked her straight through the orgasm. "I can't take it! I gotta get up1" But his weight held her down, and she came a third time, this time without the squirting. Then he started thrusting faster and deeper, she was overwhelmed with sensation. 

"Oh Angela, fuuuuuuuuck"

He flooded her with semen. She could feel it pulse into her. Five, six, seven beats. She felt warm and wet. He finished pumping, and then he released her legs. They collapsed to the bed. 

Her legs were weak, and she lay on her side as she watched him smoke.

His cock was still hard, sculpted, veiny, and black. He was supposed to be a middle aged man. How did he learn to fuck like that? 

"How did you learn to fuck like that?"

"So much talk. Don't you still owe me a massage?"

She looked at the clock. 6pm. She had been here for 2 hours. She had to get back to the office. 

"I mean... I do, you were a lot better than I expected"

Her pussy throbbed, she could feel each inch of him. They were going to have to do this again.

She rolled on to her knees. "Fuck me again. I need it from you. "

"Are you sure? If I fuck again there will be consequences."

She spread her ass cheeks, and buried her face in the cushions. He could smell her pussy, filled with juices, semen and want. He could feel the fire stir in him. She was ovulating. He wanted to breed her. But if he did that his secret would come out. He sniffed again. Her pussy was delicious. She was so fresh, and young. His eyes clouded, and he heard the click. His penis stretched out further, and thickened, and white bumps appeared on his dick, which expanded until they clicked out loudly, as penile barbs. Spikes which pointed towards his body. 

As he plunged into her again she sighed. The barbs came out fully, and when he pulled back he raked her pussy walls, making her scream. Her heard pounded. What the fuck? Then he drove in again. By the third stroke she was screaming and flooded with adrenalin. At the same time she loved the sensation, and couldn't imagine it ending. She needed more of it. Her pussy was full of David now, and she felt bound to him somehow, like she wouldn't be able to move. She tried fucking him back, but because of the spikes it only worked when she backed into him. When she tried to pull apart the barbs hooked her. He was hard, and grabbed the back of her neck, taking control of her. He started purring, and then roaring. He bit her neck. 

Somehow that movement struck something in her. She got wetter and wetter. She looked back. His eyes were dark, and his face had changed. He had whiskers, and his upper body was covered in black fur. His strokes were wild, and she felt like her pussy was different, somehow distorted or swollen. She worried if she would be unable to manage other men after him. He fucked her brutally, violently, raking his claws on her back and ass, licking her, biting her, twisting her nipples. Suddenly she could feel him speed up his thrusts, and then tense up. His penis seemed to explode, with the spikes piercing further into her vagina, and him thrusting all the way to her cervix. She felt his seed flood her. He was breeding her, pumping her full of semen, with the barbs making sure she couldn't run and the seed could fill her cervix. Her nipples hardened, and she came. 

She shrieked, from somewhere deep inside her body. She could almost feel the shifter sperm fill her womb. She realized things had changed, and would never be the same. Then it hit her. All her life before now was a preparation for this moment, and she was fine with it. She looked back, and behind David's silhouette his tail wagged. He had fully converted. Now she knew why he fucked like that. He was really a monster. A beautiful one with a good stroke, but a monster none the less. As he finished pumping his sperm into her, his barbs clicked in, and he fell off her. His dick pulled out, and Angela could feel her vagina was raw from the barbs. Semen dripped out of her, and as her pussy pulsed she could feel the tingle and remember the fuck. She smiled and collapsed on to her stomach.