 A place calling itself Earth.

Inhabited by a people calling themselves Human.

The year is 518 CE, and the local species is seriously considering colonizing their nearest planetary neighbor, a planet they call Mars.

Cell phones are 'smart'. Cars are beginning to drive themselves. Computers are learning how to learn and how to teach other computers to learn. And just eighty years ago, the rifle was invented.

This place calls itself Earth, yet no one you or I know would recognize it, dear reader.

For this planet, and the people who live on it, are not alone.

An invader from the stars came to this planet Earth several hundred years before, yet in disguise. They made themselves to appear human, and have been grooming the unaware natives for galactic annexation, accelerating their technical development and shaping their government to be more susceptible. Easier to control.

But not all the invaders feel comfortable with this plan. And one in particular is beginning to doubt. His name to the humans is Cody, and he plans his own 'little' subversion. But to succeed, he'll need a human partner.

Willing, or no.

This is the story of an alien, and the human he chose to be his mate.

Chapter 1

Sasha was driving his car to his new job. He had gotten it only a few weeks ago, something in a new field of work. It was a new way of harnessing the world's' energy. Of course he didn't do it himself, he was just a small cog in the machine that was one of the new large energy companies that had been set up. His job would be quality control, something he had done often enough at his studies. It didn't involve a tremendous technical insight but he liked the thought of being part of something bigger, something that would propel the world unto new heights. The day flew by, he had met most of his new co-workers and he was generally getting to know the company at any rate. This evening, he decided, he would go out again. Something to treat himself for doing so well in the last months. 

His immediate supervisor was an American named Cody. Handsome, tall, and friendly, and an expert on the new technology. And unlike the typical xenophobic American, he seemed to know a dozen languages and was quite comfortable anywhere and with anyone, a true extrovert who treated everyone like family. When it was time to introduce himself, he smiled at Sasha and gave him a firm handshake. "Welcome to the team. I'm Cody. Cody Heinke. A pleasure to meet you." When their hands touched there was a spark so slight Sasha might have imagined it. Yet, in secret, Cody the alien had sampled Sasha's genetic code, and his concealed computer was already analyzing it.

Sasha smiled in return, his handshake was not as firm but not weak either. He also seemed to avoid eye contact but not in an unpleasant or cold manner. "A pleasure to meet you as well, I take it that you are my new boss, what do you have in store for me today?" Sasha sat down on the opposite side of the table and took out his tablet to type down notes. He gave of an eager vibe, he was ready for whatever Cody could throw at him.

Cody simply talked shop for the moment, letting his words blather on while he focused on the readouts he was getting from the analysis. Yes. Yes this would do nicely. Hmm. There was one problem. Cody frequently forgot about the differences with human genders. His species was monosexual, and either partner could bear the young of the other, but that was not so with humans, and Sasha, for all his enviable genetics, was male, and thus lacked a womb. Given that Cody's plan wouldn't work if he bore the offspring he'd planned, that simply wouldn't do. Thankfully, Nimidian genetic engineering was vastly superior, and well up to the task of flipping Sasha's gender without corrupting the unique genes Cody needed. He allowed himself a smile, and reached out to gently touch Sasha's hand in a flirty, open way. 

"But enough about work. I'm new to this area and wouldn't mind at all having someone show me what's fun around here. Can I impose upon you, Sasha? Would you be my guide?"

Sasha patted the man's hand in a friendly manner and smiled. "Of course I can show you around, I live here now for a few years and I know most bars and public places." Wanting to continue on with his work schedule Sasha felt he needed to change the topic but felt it was a bit awkward towards his boss. "What kind of things would you like me to show you?" He sank back a bit and tried to relax. Which is often not easy when talking to a new boss.

Cody chuckled. 

"Don't be so nervous, Sasha. I may be your supervisor, but I don't think of myself as your boss. That's Aleksey, not me. I'm just the technical expert here. I'd like to think that we can be friends. We can be friends, right, Sasha?"

He touched Sasha's hand again and looked directly into his eyes as he spoke, confident, yet open, even just a touch vulnerable.

Sasha was taken aback for a moment and nodded:"Yeah sure, I don't have a lot of plans this week and, yeah." He finished lamely. He was not going to tell him that he had been kind of lonely since he had moved over. In the first few years he worked in Brightwood he had lived with his parents. The endless commuting had frustrated him and he decided that with the new job he got, it was time to move into the city. He had bought a relatively cheap apartment with some financial backing of his parents. He had paid most of it back with his now higher wages. But friends were something he always had difficulty finding. Sasha did not move his hand away when cody placed his hand on top of his own. He tried to regain himself and gave a quick smile. "So what did you have in mind?"

"Somewhere we can get to know each other. If a bar, I'd prefer one that's maybe just quiet enough we can hear each other talk, with maybe some dancing later, if you like that sort of thing. Though I would also love to buy you dinner if you know a good restaurant around."

Cody didn't bother at all to hide his interest. Maybe it was because he was American (or pretending to be,) but he was very forward, and confidently so. Not a hint of hesitation or reservation was in his attitude in the slightest. He knew what he wanted, and wasn't shy about pursuing it.

Sasha was quite surprised about the forwardness of this man. No one had ever presented their interested this clearly, if at all. He cleared his throat and thought it was a strange American thing. "Well I know several good restaurants. Ehm, any preference to what style?" A crimson blush showed on his cheeks. The man was surely tricking him he thought, not just thought but also feared in the back of his mind. "I am not a great dancer I should warn you."

"Being a 'great' dancer has nothing to do with skill and everything to do with passion. I'm sure I could help you feel better about dancing if you gave me the chance. As for food... Anything spicy?"

"I know a great Indian restaurant." Sasha was obviously uncomfortable but extremely flattered by the wonderful and handsome man. "Ehm, when ehh, what time are you off?" He stammered trying to focus on work, hoping the man would release him of his awkwardness. He really did look handsome though. 

"Same time you are, I imagine." Cody smiled again, and his smile was not only radiantly sunny, but entirely disarming, and would make anyone feel important and at ease. "I don't mean to be too forward. If you'd rather not, we don't have to. But I rather hope you'll let me buy you dinner, Sasha. I would honestly really like to get to know you better."

"No of course, I don't mean to be rude, I would love to have dinner with you. It is just a first anyone wanted to treat me for dinner, that is all." Sasha could not keep himself from grinning ear to ear when he looked down to his tablet. "So ehm, a date it is then?" His voice was slightly jesting but entirely eager.

Cody looked shocked.

"I find it difficult to believe that no one has ever treated someone as fetching as you to dinner before. Surely you're pulling my leg. Yes, why not! A date it is then. And I'm honored if I'm truly your first, though I have to say, that speaks quite ill of local tastes if no one has ever offered it to you before. Honestly! For shame, Brightwood!"

Sasha blushed again while he felt he should make a compliment in return. "Well I assume you have loads of friends who take you out every other day. But really I am looking forward to going out for dinner with you." He did his best to wipe the smirk of his face and start with today's work. "So what is our schedule for today?" 

Cody remained professional but friendly through the rest of the workday, though he did allow himself some quietly flirty moments here and there when they could get away with it, making absolutely certain that Sasha would not mistake his interest. 

At the end of the day, as they were changing into their outerwear, Cody asked, "How did you come to work today? Can I give you a ride, or would that leave some poor soul or car stranded here?"

"I came by car but I can send it home, it knows the way." He grinned and poked Cody with his elbow as he had seen other people do. He wasn't entirely sure it was the correct approach. "Where is your car parked?" He gestured Cody to take the lead.

Cody smiled and pointed. His own car was modest, but upon closer inspection, was high tech and humbly luxurious, in a toned-down way, not standing out, but surprising in its comfort and ability. It was also self-driving, and Cody sat back behind the wheel. As soon as the doors were closed and they were alone, his manner altered slightly. Professionalism was gone, and his clear and deep interest in Sasha, personally, romantically, and yes, even sexually came front and center, yet without being oppressive. Present, but not gauche or vulgar. Yet deeply palpable and genuine. He touched Sasha again, and not quite as chastely as before, his fingers trailing up Sasha's arm. 

"Ready? Then by all means, tell my car where this restaurant is. I'm famished." His tone made it clear that he didn't just mean food.

Sasha really felt uncomfortable at first but did not turn him away in any way. He was just grateful for the apparent love and care. "Its ehm, ehm, near the theatre, I believe its called oak-road. While he sat upright at first, he later on leaned over a bit toward Cody, being more and more intrigued.

Cody directed his car in that direction, but kept his eyes on Sasha, not the road. His gaze was intoxicating. Something about his eyes and the way that he looked at Sasha seemed to send waves of electricity through the skin and directly to the groin. Every touch was icy hot fire and energy. It seemed an eternity and yet no time at all when they finally reached the restaurant, with not another word spoken between them. Cody helped Sasha out of the car, the intensity of his presence toning down slightly now that they were back in public, but the undercurrent beneath his easy manner was still very powerfully sensual and erotic. Even the way he smelled seemed to put one's mind on sex.

Specifically, submissive sex. It would be so easy to submit to this man and all his desires.

Sasha gratefully lingered in the touch of Cody. They walked into the restaurant where they were quickly helped to a table near the window. Sasha felt incredibly small and did not dare to draw away from Cody. He didn't know why but he felt he needed to pay close attention to the man who was going to pay him dinner. It was bizarre in his mind that he was so close to a man whom he had met in the morning. "What would you like to eat?" He handed the menu over.

"Mmmm. I could murder a good curry. Something green, I think. Would you like to share, or do you want your own dish?" Even in public, Cody's gaze caressed Sasha up and down, very much like the touch of a familiar lover. Despite the table between them, Sasha could practically feel Cody touching him sensually. Seducing him as totally as possible.

Sasha nodded. "I would not mind at all, what kind of dish did you have in mind, I see they have shrimp, beef, pork and chicken." Personally he liked shrimp the most but he was soft as butter at this point. The rest of the world melted away to him. There were no others in the building as far as Sasha was concerned.

Whether Cody could read his mind or simply wanted the same thing was hard to tell. "Shrimp would be delightful. I haven't had any good seafood in a while and I could use the nutrition." He also ordered them drinks. It was hardly surprising at that point that he ordered strong wine for the table. A whole bottle.

Sasha smiled at him and nodded graciously to the waiter. The drink arrived timely Sasha wasted no time and poured a glass for Cody and himself. He had some experience with pouring wine from the time when he shortly had a girlfriend. "So ehm, I don't mean to be forward or anything, but what are your hobbies, aside from buying people dinner?"

"I was about to ask you something similar. But I can go first, of course. I'm quite fond of traveling. Exotic locations and hard to reach places draw me quite strongly. But day to day, I'm an amateur programmer, and especially like to create games. I have a few modest indie games published. A friend of mine does the art and actual business stuff. Nothing for money of course. It's all freeware. One of the better titles even ended up on Steam, if you believe that. It's called 'Solar', and puts you in control of a solar sail craft as the first of your kind to explore beyond your star's domain. Very fiddly. Easy to die. But you get a lot of good exploring out of it once you figure out how to survive. But yes, I'm also very fond of taking lovely young people out for dinner, though I don't get to do that as often as I'd like. You see, I'm very picky." He winked at Sasha, and did Sasha's eyes deceive him, or did Cody lick his lips a little?

Sasha blushed deeply and grinned while sitting up a bit to sit back a bit more without giving to much space between them. "Well, I ehm, I don't mind being taken out for dinner, that is for one. And I think it is really cool that you made your own game. I do game now and then, of late more than usual." He trailed of a bit before continuing. "I do like to roleplay now and then, mostly tabletop nothing to fancy, I like to go for walks..."He paused a bit and felt himself cringe. "I am being awfully boring and cliché." If you ever go travel again and feel you would like someone with you then let me know." His heart pumped hard as he was being so forward. Usually he politely waited for other people to not invite him. His hand slowly traveled across the table, unsure if he would have the guts to touch Cody's arm. "How picky are you?"

"How picky am I? Well, ..." He poured Sasha another glass. "You're my first in three years. That picky. And may I say, so far, you are well worth the wait."

Of course what Cody wouldn't tell Sasha was that he'd slipped a primer for genetic manipulation into Sasha's drink. It would take a few hours, but then Sasha's body would be very ready to be manipulated as Cody desired. As he looked over Sasha, he smiled as he imagined what Sasha would look like as a female. Far from looking all alike to Cody he found human physical diversity to be fascinating and delightfully varied. He was especially interested in sexual dimorphism, and wondered how Sasha would look as a female. Though he certainly wasn't going to wait that long to take sexual advantage of Sasha. And from the looks of it, Sasha wouldn't mind in the slightest. Yes. He'd chosen his breeding partner well. Sasha, and Sasha's eventual new womb, would serve his purposes well.

Not that he didn't enjoy the process of seducing Sasha. He most certainly was enjoying himself. Oh so very much.

Sasha blushed a deep red again while taking another sip of the wine. "This one does go well with the shrimp I think, you have a fine taste in wine for sure." When the food came Sasha started eating, it tasted wonderful with the wine. During dinner he talked a bit about the work he had done today but refrained from going into the details to much. No it would not be good to make Cody seem like a mere colleague. After the curry had been shared Sasha looked at Cody and could not believe his luck to meet such a wonderful person. "I don't think you are much of a dessert person, am I correct?" The wine had made his nerves a bit calmer and tried to get a more in depth reading of Cody.

"My sweet tooth runs... towards the sort of things you don't find in polite restaurants, I'm afraid." This time he licked his lips more openly. "But you haven't told me about yourself yet. Or will you say more on the way back to ... my place?" He offered, knowing full well he'd be accepted.

"I ehm, what?" Sasha blinked in slight confusion but certainly not rejection. After a few seconds of consideration he nodded. "I am afraid I don't have much to show in terms of exotic experiences. I have been to the mainland a few times with my ehm, when I was younger. Although I have done a few longer walking holidays in the reserve, it is really beautiful up there." He felt like on one hand needed to 'up' his claims but on the other hand didn't need to impress Cody anymore than he had so meagerly done already. "So, shall we split the bill?"

"I offered to pay, and I meant it. Besides, I'm afraid I rather splurged on the wine. It would be unfair to make you pay for any part of it. No arguments." He flashed his credit chip over the bill pad and it dinged to accept his payment and the tip. He stood up again and smiled, holding out his hand. "May I take you to the car, lovely?"

Sasha felt a strange twang in his mind and was slightly put off. At least he would have been if there had been no wine. He had not told Cody but he had a bad stomach for alcohol. That being that he got drunk really easy although he did not have hangovers often and they were short lived. He extended his hand with a grin and made a slight bow. "Do take me away kind sir." His steps were even enough even though his mind was spinning a bit. Being treated both to dinner and as a child felt strangely comforting.

Cody led Sasha back to his car and it drove them deep into the city, towards one of the many skyscrapers downtown. He led Sasha inside and to the elevator, which took them up to the penthouse levels. He keyed open his door, locked it behind them, and then spun Sasha around, put his hands in his hair, and kissed him deeply and sensually, bending him deep and holding him up by one hand placed firmly behind Sasha's back.

Sasha, not expecting anything like it at first did not respond much except being completely in shock. He did not push Cody away. "The strong hand in his back felt comfortable, hell even his mouth felt sensual and his body was oozing with a sexual scent. After the kiss he gulped and most awkwardly and blushing asked in a soft voice."Shall...should I take my shoes off?" He was obviously at a loss.

Cody didn't reply verbally, but reached down to slip Sasha's shoes off and tossed them aside like they hardly mattered. Standing again, he kissed Sasha again, this time lifting him up and helping Sasha wrap his legs around Cody's waist as he carried Sasha deeper into his penthouse, still kissing him, and not just his lips, but his jaw, his ears, his neck, even biting a little where his neck met his shoulders.

Sasha completely overwhelmed by this new assault on his senses decided he would give in, he was safe, he could always ask him to stop. It was all alright. When Cody bit a bit between his neck and shoulder he lost all faculties and moaned softly. "Hmm.." He shuddered and pressed himself tightly against his chest. "Please go on." He whispered so softly that even he himself wondered if he had really said it.

In all the sensual, sexual excitement, as Cody led Sasha to his bedroom and began to undress him, Sasha would have been forgiven if they failed to notice the soft touch of a hypospray on his hips, injecting him with the genetic catalyst that would, over the course of the next seventy-two hours, transform him into a form Cody could use. Along with the catalyst came the bio-nanites that would speed along the alterations to Sasha's body, though they would not activate until Sasha was deeply asleep. For the moment, all they did was replicate and spread into Sasha's tissues to await orders.
