 This is the ongoing story of Cody, an alien in disguise, and Sasha, a human woman who was, until quite recently, a young man. I didn't mention it in the last chapter, but this story is long, with many twists and turns, and is now already complete. Just needs to be edited for posting and approved. It grew out of an online RP story between myself and a good friend of mine. It won't make a lot of sense as it goes without reading things in order, so I highly recommend one does that, please. Enjoy! More to come soon.

*****

Chapter 3

Cody kept training Sasha for another week. She never wore clothes, she always wore heels, and her mouth was always for being fucked. He treated her like a beloved pet as they days went on, caring for her and feeding her and telling her gently but firmly when she was Bad.

Then one day, he told her "It's time for you to meet some of my friends. Many of them are angels, like me, and they've heard of you and want to meet you. They want to see the special Good Girl I've chosen to bear my children. Don't worry. You can be a Good Girl with them. They won't mind that you're naked or that I face fuck you. There is a very important reason why we need you to bear my children, and I want to show them that you are the right Girl for the job, and that you're my Very Good Girl. Will you come with me to me them?"

Sasha pondered a moment. "Well I don't want to disappoint you. But do I have to be naked, I feel comfortable around you, but I am not sure if I want others to see me like this." She got up from the sofa and poured him something to drink. It was one of the smaller things she did to try and please him. "I would love to meet other angels of course." In her mind she tried to recall any sexuality from angels but guessed that it was simply a mishap from the olden days. A thought struck her at the same time. If there were angels, were there also demons?

"Good Girls are naked girls, remember? Not everyone understands that, true, but angels do. You can be a Good Girl around angels. They will understand. Trust your Master and try to be a Good Girl for your Master's friends. Can you do that for me?"

"I will try...Master." She added hastily. She was going to meet a group of angels, she was sure it was a group, not a flock, and definitely not a murder of angels. "I don't mean to be nosey, but what are angels doing here?" She curled up against him tighter and wrapped his arms around herself, cosey, safe and owned. 

He was silent for a moment as he considered how to answer. He hugged her again as he replied. "There are angels, because demons are trying to corrupt the world. They take the forms of humans and lie and corrupt and subvert. They want to make this world their conquest. We're trying to stop them, and our child will be part of stopping them."

Sasha nodded in the safety of his arms. "Why do the demons want to corrupt our world? Should we tell the police about them, maybe they can help?" She pondered on this thought for a moment and considered that if they mundane law enforcement would be any good, they would have been called upon long before.

"Many of the people in charge of the police ARE demons already. There are empires of demons out there. Whole worlds that are already under their control. They want to add this one to their empire. But instead of waging war on you and killing you all, the want to make you serve them 'willingly'. As slaves to the demons. So they're sneaking into political and legal power to subvert all humans. But we angels want to stop them."

She tensed up in his arms and was noticeably uncomfortable with the idea of her entire world being enslaved by demons. She saw burning cities and screaming people in her mind. It was not even a choice to let that happen. A soft twang in her mind made her realise that she was technically also captive of her angelical Master, but that was different. He was an angel and they were demons. "Who can we trust then?"

"You can trust me, my friends. And we can tell who the demons are. We know, and I can tell you. I can help you keep clear of them. Trust in me, and I will take care of you."

"Thank you Master, I am really lucky that you found me, I don't want to think about all the people who are unknowingly and unwillingly serving demons. That must be horrible." 

And yes, there were humans who served and were servants and pets to the annex-inclined Nimidians, and few were treated as lovingly and with as much caring as Cody showed Sasha. "It is. For many such humans, it is."

She sighed in the loving embrace and turned her head to look at him. "Is there anything we can do for those people...is there anything I can do against demons?"

"Yes. And you're already doing it. Bearing my child. Angels and humans will have children together, and those children will save Earth and every human in this world. And you must be the first."

Her hand stroked her belly again. Pregnant, who could have ever imagined that? "I wonder what kind of people angels are, what can you tell me about them?" She fished for more information, wanting to know as much as she could get out of him.

"Many of them do what I do. Bringing technology and learning to humans. In their daily lives, they act just like people do, with hobbies and friends and normal lives, except their jobs are almost always about teaching humans new things and showing them new ways to improve themselves. And in secret? In private and among themselves? We work to expose the demons as evil and self-serving, breaking their power over the humans whenever we can. We can't let them know that they're demons, for that would just cause panic. But we can depose them whenever possible."

"That sounds really dangerous, I...I don't think I would be capable of doing such things. But then again you are angels, you are meant to do those kinds of things, saving mankind." She kissed him passionately on the lips and turned around so their chests would touch. Her legs straddled of his and she relished in his warmth. "I love you."

He kissed her gently. "I love you too, Sasha. Come. I'll fuck your face again before we go. You need your face well fucked, after all, because you're a Very Good Girl for me."

She nodded obediently "Yes Master Cody, I will be the Very Good Girl you need me to be." She first crawled a bit lower while he still laid on his back and kissed his cock with vigour, then she sat back up on her knees, in the 'prayer' manner that she had now called it to be. 

He stood up in front of her. "Tell me how much you want me to fuck your face, my lovely little Sasha."

"I want you to fuck my face as much as you can, I am a Very Good Girl, this is what I am meant to do." The sentence was said solemnly and fully meant. She looked up briefly to gaze into his eyes again before averting them down to his cock. "Please fuck my face Master Cody."

"Good Girl. That's a Very Good Girl, little Sasha. I will fuck your face, because you deserve it." He took her hair in his hands and firmly pushed his cock past her lips. As a Nimidian, he'd found fucking her vagina awkward and strange. But this? Using her mouth? That made sense. It felt right, and he was pleased beyond words that human mouths felt so good, and were so very fuckable. He'd seen some human porn, and the only porn that had ever made sense to him and worked for him was face-fuck porn. See? Even some humans knew the RIGHT way to have sex.

Sasha licked the base of shaft as it entered her mouth. Her jaw was getting less sore and strained with each passing day. She did not know which day it was however. It could have been a week, it could also have been the weekend, she honestly did not know. But that did not matter at this point, because now she was worshipping, she was doing what she was told to do, what she was meant to do. She let him completely set the pace and depth of the penetration. Her throat had protested in the beginning, but she had gotten used to it. Her neck was relaxed and her back and shoulders fairly straight. A nearly muted moan vibrated over his cock whenever he pressed himself into her.

He told her again what a Good Girl she was when he came deep in her mouth, reminding her that Good Girls swallow. He bent down to kiss her when he was done, stroking her hair and telling her she was beautiful. Then he got up out of the bed and got her heels for her. "It's time to meet my friends, the other angels." He'd already sent them a message about his little white lie, so they wouldn't freak her out.

Sasha felt the sweet seed glide down her throat and imagined it to empower the child that was growing there. "Thank you Master Cody, I would love to meet them." When he handed her the heels she put them on without hesitation. "Ehm...Master, do you have anything I can wear outside?" She had hoped for pants and shirt like she had worn, well most of her life before. She did realise that her old clothes were probably out of the question.

"You won't be needing them long of course. Because you want to be a Good Girl as much as possible. But yes, I'll find something for you." He went into the walk-in closet and came out with a short dress that would cling to her body fetchingly. He had no underwear for her, but he seemed to know that. "You may wear this until we're with my friends."

Sasha looked at the dress and felt a little bit conflicted. She had never worn a dress before. Even though she did not doubt would stunning on her. She took the dress and fiddled a bit until she got all the correct bits on the correct place. Sasha still felt naked without pants but was not going to complain about it. In the open door of the bathroom she saw her own face. It was completely female. She could have mistaken herself for old photos of her mother, except her hair was fairer. As she always did before leaving the house she checked if she had everything with her. She had her phone which, like usual, was quiet and only for emergencies. Her ID however did seem to mismatch. She held it in her hands, knowing she had no pockets or a need to take it with her. She looked at Cody a bit embarrassed. 

He gave her a small purse and, helpfully, a new, completely legal ID with her new face on it. Even though she couldn't remember ever posing for a picture. "And take this," He handed her a credit card. "Just in case, this has unlimited credit, but you should always get my permission first, except for emergencies."

She looked at both cards in disbelief. "Master Cody, is this some sort of magic, how did you get my picture to look like that?" when she took the credit card she gave it back without thought. "I can't accept this, you can't just hand it to me like that. Please take it back." She was very worried about the fact that he gave her a blank check, even if she had to ask permission. She did not dare to hold on to something that valuable. "I still have my own back account." She did not know whether it was for a shred of self-sufficiency or that she was scared about what was going to happen. 

"I'm sorry to say that your old account isn't secure. The demons run the bank your account was registered to. We've saved what we could, and made you a new, secure account. I'll hold on to the card, if you insist, but I want you to realize that, as my Good Little Girl, you don't have to worry about anything anymore, including money. I'll take care of that for you too. This money is yours though. That much I can promise. I just want you to ask before spending anything big because I want to look after you, and help you, not because I don't trust you."

"My bank is not secure?" But, I have had my account there for years, they couldn't have closed it unless I gave permission. That is against the rules." She held out her hand blushing, wanting to have some sort of safety backup if she ever got stuck or seperated from Master. "I know we have an appointment with your friends, but would it be possible to visit the bank first, I know the manager, he himself opened my account when I was...younger."

"Your manager... sigh. Your manager IS the demon, I'm afraid. They're like that. They're polite and friendly in public. And then they twist and corrupt everything. I can show you records. He's been manipulating your money and everyone else's at that bank to subvert human authority. You absolutely should NOT visit that particular bank ever again, if you value your freedom."

"But the police surely would...oh, oh I see. You don't really think they would arrest me would they? I have done nothing wrong to them." She put the credit card into her purse and slung it over her shoulder like she had seen other women do before. She then looked outside if there was need for a coat of any kind and remembered that the coat-choice was not hers to make.

"It's not raining, so we can go as you are." He helped her outside to his car and set it to drive to a bar on the far side of town.

She sat in the car, as deeply as she could, not trying to be seen by anyone. Unsure whether there were demons or people that might know her from before..before the weekend.

The bar looked small and unremarkable from the outside. There was a friendly looking bouncer who looked them both over and waved them in. Once inside, the bar was warm and cozy and dim. No windows showed the interior to the outside. Everyone there was handsome and beautiful, men and women alike. There were just under a dozen people all told, including the bartender, and all smiled and nodded (or bowed) to Cody as though he were well known and respected. "You can take off your dress like a Good Girl now, Sasha. These are my people, and they understand that Good little Girls like you should be naked. And you are a Good Girl, right?"

She had the crimson of blush high up her cheeks and shook her head in silence. She reeked of nervousness and shame. Her hand went up to his arm in a plea of support and help. These people seemed nice but she was afraid of getting naked for these people angels or not. "Please...Cody, can we ehm, do something like another time?" She refrained from his rightful title and muttered unlike he had taught her.

"We're among trusted friends. I am Master Cody here too. You have no need to be nervous. These people are angels, like me. We want to protect you and care for you. And we all know that Good little Girls don't wear clothes, don't we?" All the 'angels' nodded, smiling reassuringly. Master Cody's presence was the strongest, but each and every one seemed larger than life. More than human. Kind, benevolent, wise, and above such petty things as being offended by nudity. And was it her, or did they all look at her as though she were a cute little kitten, to be petted and told it was adorable? But what was unmistakable was that they all expected her to be a Good little Girl for Master Cody.

"Show them how well I've trained you, Sasha. You don't want to be a Bad Girl. That would make me look bad too. It would seem as though I'd failed to train you properly. But I have trained you well, haven't I? Show them that you can be a Good little Girl. Show them that I did right by you. You don't want to make me seem like I failed you, do you?"

Sasha felt her eyes get wet. She did not want to disappoint Master Cody, nor did she want to show herself to strangers. "I...I ehm." While the angels seemed larger than life, she seemed to be shrink to the size of a child. Her hands traveled down to the hem of the protective dress. The fingers curled around it and lifted it up a bit. She expected the vulgarity that she might have shown at one point in her life. But not now, she understood the fragility of herself. "Can...can you help me please, Master Cody?" She said averting her eyes to the ground. She didn't want to look any one in the eyes now, she was deathly afraid of mock, shame and disgust. Her hands raised a bit higher and the dress was only just covering her intimate parts. She could not bring herself to raise it further.

Cody smiled and stepped behind her, putting his hands over hers and helping her raise her dress up and over her body and off to the side, exposing her completely.

As soon as the dress was removed she covered her chest and between her legs. She did not sit down yet because she was standing in a half circle of people and felt watched, no observed. She wanted to thank Master Cody for helping her, she could not. She was afraid and nervous, shy and skittish. Had he not imprinted onto her mind that she belonged to him she would have grabbed the dress and dashed for the nearest exit.

One of the female angels cooed as she saw Sasha cover herself. "Aww! She's so cute like that! Someone help her." One of the male angels came beside Cody and helped Sasha lower her arms and stand straight and exposed. "There. Much better. That's a Good little Girl!" All the angels agreed. "And she lets you fuck her face like a Very Good little Girl, right Master Cody?"

"She does indeed. She's a Very Good Girl and she knows it, don't you little Sasha?"

Sasha looked at Master Cody, she was unsure if it was a breach of trust that he discussed what she did or did not do with him in bed, or in the kitchen or in the livingroom for that matter. "I...hmm yes Master, I am a Very Good Girl." Sasha looked in slight wonder at the woman who had said she was cute. It send shivers down her spine, good shivers, kind shivers. The male who had taken her arms away from her body felt as warm and gentle as Master Cody did, albeit a bit less lovingly. "I ehm..." her hand stroked her belly and she looked a bit embarrassed at Cody, unsure if she was allowed to talk about their child. She lowered her hand like the male angel had put them there before. "I have been trained." She said softly, not entirely sure if she could pass any exam if there was one. 

"Don't worry, my cute little kitten," Cody told her. "Training never really ends, and you can always improve, but my people here know that you are doing your best to be a Good little Girl. Here. Let's get you something to drink." He led her up to the bar and the bartender angel poured her something that looked like milk, but smelled much stronger, and, if she drank it, tasted heavenly, with notes of honey and cinnamon, and seemed to wash over her mind and relax her, at least a little. It wasn't quite like being drunk, but it was very... liberating. All the angels cooed over her as she drank, as though entranced by an adorable pet enjoying a treat. 

She sipped the drink and smiled. "This is really nice, it, it is sweet and hmm, nutty?" She had no clue to what it might be and called it nectar in her mind. That sounded about right. The angels all seemed to be really nice and open people. Sasha thought that relaxed her more than the drink did. She walked back, still shy but not trying to cover herself as much as before. She stood next to Master Cody and let her fingers entangle his in a hand holding manner which she thought to be romantic.

He held her hand in return, stroking her fingers with his thumb and smiling. He addressed the other angels. "I have an announcement to make as well. Not only is little Sasha here a very obedient, adorable, and well trained human, but she is also a heartening success story. Our little Sasha here... is pregnant. With my child. It CAN be done, and everything looks like it's working perfectly. The embryo within her is healthy and growing quickly and she's suffered no ill effects, as we always knew she wouldn't. Angels and humans will make strong children together to oppose the demons!"

There was cheering and congratulations all around. The angels raised their glasses in toasts to Sasha and her child.

Sasha blushed and raised her glass to theirs although not as high to not be noticed anymore than she already was. She squeezed his hand in acknowledgement and pride of him and their child. Her hand stroked her belly again. She sipped her drink again and looked up a bit shocked by her own thought. "Oh wait, is there alcohol in this? I am not supposed to drink alcohol when I am pregnant, I am sure I heard that somewhere."
