 This is the ongoing story of Cody, an alien in disguise, and Sasha, a human woman who was, until quite recently, a young man. I didn't mention it in the first chapter, but this story is long, with many twists and turns, and is now already complete. Just needs to be edited for posting and approved. It grew out of an online RP story between myself and a good friend of mine. It won't make a lot of sense as it goes without reading things in order, so I highly recommend one does that, please. Enjoy! More to come soon.

All characters involved in sexual activities are 18 or over.

*****

Chapter 5

When Sasha woke up the next morning, she was washed and naked again, still in the bed, and Master Cody was sitting beside her, stroking her hair.

She looked up at him unsure on what was the situation. Yesterday had been a rollercoaster of emotions, fears and nightmares. "I am sorry. I didn't mean to...to leave the house." She rolled over to him, curling around him while still under the covers.

"It's okay, little one. It's okay. You're safe now. But you should not have run away just because our dear friend John showed up. He's safe and can be trusted. You were a Bad Girl for Brian for running away." But he said it softly to show she wasn't just now in trouble.

She lay silent next to him with her hand on his lap, her other hand caressed his back. After a minute of contemplation she spoke again."I guess I just was not ready yet, I am...I don't know what I am." regret, anxiety and shame were clear to him.

"You are my Good little Girl, Sasha. That's all you need to be. And you are. I promise. You need to trust us more, that's all. John wasn't going to hurt or judge you. You didn't need to run away. So... Why did you run away? Did John disturb you somehow?"

"I..I got startled when he came in, we were...Brian and I were busy and he came in." She fought back her emotions. "He..he saw me, ehm, doing our prayer thing." She realised she spoke of it with less respect than she should. "I mean, I did not expect anyone to come in, I panicked, that is all that happened." She tried to downplay it for herself.

"'Master Brian'. Remember your manners. And he was fucking your face. But Good Girls get their faces fucked, don't they? And what's wrong or shameful with being a Good Girl?" As before, he was gentle, reasonable, teaching. Trying to help her understand what she did wrong without being angry or judgemental. She'd made a mistake, and he was trying to help her see it.

She noticed his concern and his apparent truth. "Master Brian, sorry. I was being a Good Girl, a Very Good Girl. But the thought of having people seeing me, being such a Very Good Girl. I...it..." She stammered as she sought a way to explain how ashamed she had been, ashamed for doing what she was meant to do. Afraid of judgement, afraid of being cast out, afraid of losing contacts even though she would rather jump of a bridge than lose her new found friends, most of all Master Cody.

"You should never be ashamed of being who you were meant to be. A Very Good Girl. Maybe some humans wouldn't understand, but we will protect you from them and their ignorant misjudgement. Among us, and our friends, you have nothing to worry about. You can be a Very Good Girl in all ways with those we trust. I promise. You have no reason to be ashamed. I will always protect you, my Good little Girl. I love you."

She nodded and clenched his hand in hers. "I will try to be the very best Girl I can be. I am sorry that I, felt the way I felt." She lay silent with him for a while and cleared her throat. "When I was outside, someone touched me. I think she was a Demon, but I can't say for sure. She felt really creepy but powerful like you and Brian do."

"I know, Sasha. I sensed her touch on you. We're doing what we can to protect you, but going out without us was very dangerous, and it could have ended so much more badly. You really really scared me, Sasha. I can't protect you when you're not with anyone I trust. PLEASE never run away like that again. It would break my heart."

"I promise Master Cody, I won't run away again, I didn't mean to worry you, I will never leave without permission again."

"I know you won't, little one. But I do want to focus on a new way of training you now. You need to understand that you can be a Good Girl, and a Very Good Girl, even when our friends are there. Because this can't happen again. Do you understand what I mean?"

Sasha nodded, eager to make sure she was on the path to be forgiven. "Of course, what do I do?" She crawled up a bit and laid her head on his lap, looking up at him.

"You already have. I've been training you in your sleep starting last night. In your dreams. Teaching your subconscious what it means to be a Good Girl for me so you won't forget in a strange moment or panic."

"What do you mean? Are you influencing me in my sleep?" There was a hint of disagreement in her when she said it. "I..I suppose you know best, but I don't like the idea of being manipulated, when I am not there."

"Don't worry about it. You aren't being manipulated. Just shown a new way to look at things. But enough with that. You should be a Very Good Girl for me to show me that you're ready to continue being my Good little Girl. Then you can have breakfast."

Being satisfied with ending the argument she turned her head and playfully kissed his pants on his groin. "Shall I do that then?" She raised an eyebrow teasing while she raised the covers over his shoulder, pretending to put him in bed with her. "Or should I just try and keep you warm in bed with me?"

He smiled at her. "You really should be a Very Good Girl for me, yes."

She tugged him backwards, trying to get him to lay in bed with her. "I can be a Very Good Girl in the blankets as well." 

"Actually, that gives me an idea. Let me show you something." He guided her around so that she was under the blankets face up, but her head was hanging over the edge of the bed as he stood in front of her.

She was curious to what was going to happen and looked right at Master Cody's cock. "Ohh I see." She bent her head a bit and looked up at his face. Her hands moved under the blanket, she thought she was being stealthy as one hand played with her nipple and the other went to please her pussy. "Hmmm, I think I like this bit." She whispered with a sensual sigh.

He rubbed his cock over her face sensually, taking his time as he let the warm heat of his manhood caress her skin. He smiled and reached over to grope her other breasts through the blanket.

Her hand reached her pussy while he fondled and groped her breast and arousal became as clear as day. She smelled like she needed him. "I want you to fuck my face as much as you can, I am a Very Good Girl, this is what I am meant to do." She softly said her prayer and opened her mouth to lick his cock.

"There's my Very Good Girl." He aimed his cock and pushed it in deep. From this angle with her neck, he could get much deeper than before, and push faster with less discomfort. He flipped the sheets down to squeeze her breasts directly as he pumped his cock into her throat deep and fast and powerful. He smiled as he saw her neck bulge with his thickness.

The gag reflex stayed out in this manner as Sasha felt im reach deep inside him. His hands were silken rock. Strong but soft, caressing but firm. Her mind centered and grounded with a few instances. Her legs writhed already with pleasure. She could say nothing but she did not care. With a low hum from her chest she vibrated on his cock, easing the lubrication and hoping the vibrations would please him.

Still holding her breast with one hand, he reached down with the other to massage her throat as he pounded her, squeezing her gently around his cock with his strong hand. "Oh, yes! You are a Very Good Girl, Sasha. My Very Very Good Girl!"

His voice, his motions, his cock, all together made her mad with arousal. Her legs quivered as she reached her first height. She nodded what little she could while being impaled by her Master Cody, he owned her, she knew it, he knew it, she knew that he knew. She was his Very Good Girl.

He tugged at her nipples as he got closer and closer to his own climax, his shaft filling her completely with each powerful thrust. He loved the sensation of Sasha's perfect mouth and throat on his cock, and he was still shaken by how close he'd come to losing her. He HAD to keep her. She was too perfect. Too wonderful. Such a Very Good Girl for him. That she was the mother of what would be his child was only part of it. He wasn't just saying words when he told her he loved her. It was becoming truer by the day. He loved his little fuckable human pet, and wanted to see her happy and safe in all ways.

With another orgasm coming up Sasha moaned loud and without reservation. Her spine was on fire, her skin felt electrical, her mind was basked in a bright white light. While on hand pleasured her pussy she felt the other one stroking her belly, remembering what her master had put there. A child, their child, the child of an angel. She opened her eyes at the climax and made eye contact, trying to beg with her eyes to be filled with more of his heavenly seed.

He held her hair tightly once more as he thrust a final time into her and groaned as his cock pumped its sweet, hot seed into her. As he pulled back, he stroked his wet cock over her face gently, smiling as he saw the love in her eyes, loving her back and adoring the way she looked with his cock caressing her face.

Sasha moved her head and tried to lick his cock playful with a most satisfied face. She panted and stroked his hand on her throat. "I love you so much." She then kissed his cock again and felt a drop of seed on her tongue which she quickly swallowed.

"I love you too, my Good little Sasha. You are a Very Good Girl, and it is very good to fuck your face. If only more humans knew what it was to be Very Good for their Masters."

"I don't think many humans can appreciate you like I do." She smiled and rolled over on her stomach and leaned on her elbows."Some humans are very dominant and don't want to be Very Good."

He couldn't help but chuckle. "You know, when humans are pretending to be 'dominant', that's also very adorable. It's like a kitten strutting around like a tiger or a dragon. We angels love you humans, and not just because you're all so cute and adorable, but that certainly helps."

Sasha pouted a bit and blew up her cheeks. She was still human and there were many humans who wielded considerable power. "No no no no, there are lots of really dominant, powerful people on this world. They can command whole armies and have the aura of a...of a..." She looked at Master Cody and tried desperately to come up with something that would impress him.

"Any one you could name, and I can tell you how they're cute."

Sasha gasped at this, what she assumed was mockery. "Maybe I am really powerful." She tried to put on a air of mystery. "Maybe I am more than meets the eye." She pulled him on bed and tried to pin him under herself.

He didn't fight her, just laughing warmly. "You are ADORABLE! I want to take a picture of this! I love you, Sasha, my adorable little girl!"

This only infuriated Sasha more and when she had him on the bed she sat on him with her hips on his, trying to hold his hands above his head. "There, who is strongest now?!"

He kept laughing. "I am, silly little Girl," and without apparent effort or any sort of trouble, he simply rolled her over and had her pinned before she knew what was going on. His grip was gentle but unbreakable, and he kissed her neck and nibbled with his teeth as he went on laughing, still entirely undeterred. "Poor little human. You really are too cute for your own good."

She struggled without trying to hit her head against his and writhed her hips and legs. "Hey that is not fair, you are...using angels power!" With each kiss she became calmer and more submissive. "No fair...hmmm, I was on top..." She submitted victory without words, mostly because she didn't want to give him the pleasure of it. 

"Now. Who's stronger? Who's the Master? Who is the Angel and who is the adorable, cute little human? Who owns who?"

She tried to kick up with her legs one more time and looked him quasi-defiant in the eyes. "Sasha is." She was now trying to in any way bend her arms to gain leverage. 

But it was impossible. He held her firmly, with no way for her to escape or fight back as he smiled warmly at her, still laughing with clear joy and fun. "Nooooooo. Not quite right little one. Who's on top? That should help you figure it out." He licked her face playfully.

Being called little one brought her mind into a more submissive state and she wriggled only slightly now. "I was..." She didn't dare to look him in the eye now, afraid she would blush with this utter defeat. Besides, his laugh alone was enough to know that she could never pin him down, not after how she tried it first in any case.

He kissed her again. "Say it little one. I know you can. Be a Good Girl and say who the Master is, and who is owned."

"Y...you own me, you are the Master and I am your Good Girl." she finally admitted. "But I was close to winning." she could not help herself saying. "Next time, when I am more rested you see, I will win"

He laughed again and rubbed his nose against hers. "You're welcome to try. It's very cute, and a bit silly in all the most wonderful ways."

She kissed his nose and gave a tiny lick at it, just at the tip. "Just you wait." She waited for him to release her before she stroked his sides. Having him sit on top of her was really arousing and she would have loved to keep it going. However she was beginning to get hungry. "What have you planned for breakfast Master?" Her voice was now serious and she talked to him with the correct amount of respect.

"Well, Master Brian told me how much you liked his cooking so I'm trying something similar." He gave her a bowl with dried fruits and nuts and some toast with butter on it and set it on the floor near the couch with a drinking bowl of juice as well. He sat down so that she would be at his feet as he ate a bar of something.

She looked down at the dish and back up at the couch where Master Cody was eating. "Ehm...if I promise I won't make a mess?" she hesitantly asked while nearly crouching at her dish. She tried to give him the puppy dog eye treatment.

"Master Brian was right in this, little one. Humans should eat close to the floor. Have you seen all the times they get crumbs and stains everywhere? That's part of the reason they shouldn't wear clothes too. They're always making messes. But that's not your fault. You'll be fine eating on the floor. I promise." 

She nodded meekly and sat down at his feet. "Thank you Master Cody." 

After breakfast, he got out a pair of jeans and a loose shirt sized for her. "There's something else we have to do today. It's been too long since your parents saw you and they're starting to panic. We have to let them know you're alright before they do something stupid. So we're going to see them now. I'll be there with you the whole time. We'll explain everything they need to know."

Sasha held the jeans in her hands while staring at Cody. "Wh...what, now? No we can't go to them, they won't recognise me, look at me I am..." She stopped talking when she saw his face, realising she would either insult both of them or be a Very Bad Girl. "Can I cut my hair, and ehm, do something about these?" She pointed towards her breasts shyly.

He shook his head. "You are a Good Girl now, and your parents will just have to understand that. I know they won't understand that Good Girls should also be naked, that's why I'm giving you clothes. But you shouldn't have to hide that you're my Good little Girl. You will wear your hair long and not bind your breasts, and you will wear the heels I expect you to wear. Understand? Be a Good Girl for me, Sasha. Show your parents too that you are now a Good Girl."

She nodded feeling the crimson shame already on her cheeks. Wearing clothes again after such a while felt strange and not entirely uncomfortable. The jeans and shirt were loose enough not to be constriction or hugging her figure to much. "Am I allowed to wear a hoodie?" She asked in a last ditch effort to gain some more control over what was going to happen.

"Too warm out there for that. Besides, you're beautiful."

"I know..."

He held her hand tightly as they drove to her parent's house. It was the day off for both of them, so they'd both be home. Her father was downstairs and her mother was still asleep after a hard day at the bank with her new job. Cody parked the car, helped Sasha out, and boldy walked to the door and knocked softly.

Sasha looked around and saw no one luckily. Although the neighbours across the street two houses on the left tended to look outside. The old woman had nothing to do and no one would visit her. She was kind enough but tended to stick her nose into anything that was not her business. Sasha hoped she would be asleep now. Her father Tom opened the door and looked in a slightly annoyed but also surprised manner. "Can I help you?" Sasha tried to hide a bit behind Cody.

"Mr. van Beek? My name is Cody Heinke. And I would like to introduce to you, your son Sasha."

Tom looked at Cody and then at Sasha. "I know my son, but I am afraid you are mistaken, I have a són, not a daughter." He moved to close the door before Sasha spoke. "Dad, it is me...can we come inside to talk?" Tom blinked confused and rejected reality for a moment. "Hmm sure, I don't see why not, but please be quiet, my wife is already asleep." The three of them moved inside the house. The living room was large enough to fit at least twenty people and still have spare room for chairs. It was obvious that Tom and his wife Linda were making enough money to live a good life. Tom sat down at his usual spot, Sasha knew it and sat down at her own old spot, gesturing Cody to sit on her other side. She knew that if she placed Cody between them, things could get complicated. "Well then 'Sasha' do explain." tom's face was sceptical as he took a sip of his jenever. "Well..some things have happened to me in the last few days..." Sasha began.

Cody sat back quietly, letting Sasha explain in her own words, though he was ready to jump in with additional information as needed.

"You see, ehm, I am a woman now." 

"I can see you are a woman, and you have the looks as Sash but I don't think you are him. You see we raised our son to be a outstanding young man. He would never do this." 

Sasha moved a bit uncomfortable, she knew she would not have done a lot of things that she did in the past week. 

"I don't really know how to explain this to you, ask me anything I can prove it is me." 

Tom shifted a bit, taking another sip of his drink. 

"I know that we went to Germany ten years ago, in the second hotel where we stayed you complained about ugly pink tiles in the bathroom." 

They both saw Tom's jaw open up several times before closing. 

"Dad, you are not a fish right." 

Sasha said with the inflection he used to when he was still a man. Tom gulped down the rest of his drink and put down the glass. 

"God...Sasha what have you done?" 

Sasha shifted as well, not really getting a read on Tom's mood. 

"Why?" He asked quietly. 

"I..." She looked at Cody for a moment before continuing. "I always wanted to be a Girl, I have never told you this because...I ehm...I knew you and mom wouldn't accept it." 

Tom stood up in an instant and smashed the small jenever glass on the tiled floor. 

"How dare you?!"

Cody stood to protect Sasha, but kept quiet until he heard more.

"Why the hell did you think we supported you with your apartment, why do you think we never questioned your studies? What kind of parent would not accept their child...even if he went wayward?" Sasha felt tears form in her eyes. "I am sorry, I...I should have told you earlier." "And how did you do it, have you already had surgery, how long were you on hormones?"
