 CHAPTER 3

Mr. Kane's residence was a huge mansion and several smaller structures, situated atop a gently sloping hill. A tall iron fence surrounded the entire property. A pair of robotic sentries looked on, their heat-rays pointed up towards the heavens, as the cab passed between them and under the gate. 

The mansion itself was a dark Victorian style building with deep red bricks cut from native bedrock. There was a separate but connected building to the left, fashioned in the same style. It had two garage doors, one of which rolled up as the cab approached. 

"This is our stop," Zoe said, still trembling a little from Chloe's teasing. "Hurry, it only stops for a minute here, too. It ran off with pack once."

The door slid open and Chloe followed her out onto the polished stone floor. Seconds later the door slid back shut and the auto-cab rolled away. They were now standing in a spacious garage with high hanging rafters. There were several black auto-cars, like the one that she and the woman in the suit had rode in the night before. There was also a hover-car, and even a pair of heavy-duty jet-packs. This end of the building, however was kept relatively clear. There were two doors leading into the house. Zoe lead her past the main door to a second one, marked 'servants entrance.'

On the other side was a narrow room with dark stained, wooden lockers along one wall and black leather upholstered benches down the other. At the far end was the entrance into the main building. Zoe immediately went to a locker about midway down and pulled out a pair of shiny black boots and some sort of short belt. Then she stepped over to the bench and began pulling the boots on. They were very high, coming all the way up to her knees, with laces that spanned the entire length and heels so high that they essentially forced her to walk on her tiptoes. They looked absolutely elegant.

"You like? Ms. Rena, she's the senior maid, says they're called ballet boots. But thankfully, nobody's expected to dance in them," Zoe said with another little giggle that caused her glasses to slide down her nose. 

"Do I get a pair," Chloe said, hopefully. 

"They were actually my employee of the month award," Zoe said. She must have seen the look of disappointment on Chloe's face though, because she quickly added, "But I promise you can borrow them any time you want."

"Zoe, I'm sorry we never became friends before now," Chloe said.

"Thank you, that means a lot. I'm really glad we met," Zoe said with sincerity in her voice. 

Zoe stood up, almost as tall as Chloe in those gorgeous boots, and wrapped her arms tightly around her. The feeling Zoe's latex clad body pressed against her own quickly reminded Chloe of just how horny she was. She tried to stifle it but a tiny moan escaped her lips. By now her panties were thoroughly soaked with her sex juices. One touch. She was sure of it. Just one touch would be enough to send her over the edge. 

"We'd better get going. Shift's about to start. Can you help me with this?" Zoe said, finally pulling back away and holding out the belt. 

Chloe took the item and studied it. It wasn't a belt after all. It was a wide, leather collar with an oversized, shiny steel ring in front and matching buckle in back. Zoe took a deep breath as Chloe wrapped it around her latex neck and buckled it. Apparently, she liked the way it felt. 

"One tighter, please. I hate when it's too loose," Zoe said. 

Chloe of course obliged and then they were on they're way. On the other side of the door was a small meeting room/staff lounge. A little grin crossed her lips as she realized it was nicer than her teachers' lounge. There were two very plush looking sofas and a commercial food dispenser. Presently there were two temptresses and a succubus, dressed similarly to Zoe, standing near a door on the opposite wall. Another temptress, dressed in a red maid uniform with black accents, stood with her back to Chloe and Zoe, passing out daily assignments to them. As she did, her tail slowly swayed this way and that, like the pendulum of an old Earth clock.

"That's Ms. Rena. She's really nice, but you don't want to get on her bad side," Zoe said.

One by one, the three maids headed out to begin their day's chores. The last of them, a pretty pink skinned temptress with long braided pigtails, waived and winked at the newcomer before disappearing. 

"Oh, you must be Chloe," Ms. Rena said when she turned and saw the two standing there.

"Yes, ma'am," Chloe said.

Ms. Rena smiled and walked over. She was tall, and thin, with black rimmed glasses, and a tight hair bun. She walked with an air of utter confidence. Her heels clicked sharply against the stone tiles beneath and her large breasts, which seemed to jut out from her chest, jiggled oh so slightly with each step. 

"I take it, this is your first job?" Ms. Rena asked.

"Yes, ma'am," Chloe repeated, trying not to seem too intimidated.

"Well, there's no need to be nervous, dear. We do have a job to do but we also like to enjoy ourselves. If she hasn't already, I'm sure Zoe here will tell you all about our biweekly get-togethers," Ms. Rena said.

Judging by the smile on Zoe's face, those get-togethers must have really been something. After sending Zoe off to do her assigned chores, Ms. Rena took Chloe on an abbreviated tour of the mansion. Here and there, she saw the other maids at work. One was busy dusting in a sitting area, another was sweeping, and at one point a pair that she didn't recognize could be seen carrying baskets full of clean uniforms down a hallway. 

Everywhere she looked, Chloe saw beautiful artwork and detailed craftsmanship. Mr. Kane's home was the perfect gothic style mansion. It was hard to concentrate on much of it though, with Ms. Rena's hips and ass swaying so gracefully in front of her wherever they went. 

At the end of the tour they came to another small room. This one was set up as a kind of infirmary. Ms. Rena closed and locked the door behind them.

"Um... Ma'am, what are we doing here? I don't feel ill or anything," Chloe said, a little confused. 

"Oh, nothing like that, dear. We use the medical scanner to take exact measurements for your uniform. Why don't you go ahead and strip down so we can get this out of the way?" Ms. Rena explained. 

Chloe bit her lip. If she hadn't noticed already, Ms. Rena would absolutely see how wet her pussy was if she undressed.

"Ma'am, I- um... Is there any way I could do this later," she asked, hopefully. 

"My dear, you have nothing to be bashful about. I can tell already that you have a gorgeous body. Believe me, you wouldn't have been hired if you didn't," Ms. Rena said. 

She sounded compassionate enough, but it was clear what was expected of Chloe. And she didn't want to get on Ms. Rena's bad side. So she began by unbuttoning her shirt. Then she sat on the exam table and pulled her heels and knee socks off. But all too quickly she came to that skirt, just barely long enough to conceal her secret. She had to peel her panties off. Ms. Rena didn't notice right away as she was fidgeting with the boxy medical scanner. But when she did look up, her eyes went straight to Chloe's glistening red pussy lips. 

"Oh, I hadn't realized you were that excited about the job," she said with a grin.

Chloe blushed. "I- I'm sorry. I...," she was absolutely flustered. 

"It's okay, darling. You're surrounded by beautiful women in latex. If you weren't a little turned on by it all, I'd be worried. Now, go ahead and stand up," Ms. Rena said. 

"Really?" Chloe said, much relieved. 

"Why, of course," Ms. Rena said, holding up the device and scanning. "Just make sure that if you need to take care of any, eh hem, urges, that you do it on break. Understood?"

"Yes, ma'am," Chloe said.

Having Ms. Rena watch her naked while giving her orders to turn this way or that was really starting to make the juices flow even worse. Especially when she told her to bend over and grab her ankles. She just imagined her coming up behind her and whispering in her ear not to move while she slid her fingers into Chloe's hungry pussy, finally giving her the relief she needed. But just as she was about to cum, Ms. Rena would whisper into her ear again. 

"Don't move. Don't make a sound. Not one single moan, darling," Chloe imagined her saying.

Then she would run those latex fingers, so slick and smooth, back and forth over Chloe's clit. Three time. That's all it would take. The first rub and she'd be clenching her teeth. The second rub and she'd be squeezing her eyes tightly shut and biting her lower lip. And the third and final rub-

"Okay. You can stand back up now, dear," Ms. Rena said. 

Chloe took a deep breath and stood back up. She wondered if she should tell Miss K about this one, too. 

A couple more scans and they were all done. Luckily Chloe had a spare pair of panties in her purse to put on. Once dressed, Ms. Rena lead her back out into the mansion. Up a couple of stairs and down a hallway and they arrived in a spacious office. Packed book cases lined three of the four walls. An imposing darkwood desk, obviously imported from off-world, dominated the room. There was a modern terminal in the center, an ancient looking 'PC' as they were once called, at one end, and a dozen or so books spread out across the other end. Presently, Zoe was busily cleaning with a feather duster that looked more decorative than practical. 

"Zoe," Ms. Rena said, getting her attention. 

"Oh, Ms. Rena, hi. Is there anything I can do for you?" Zoe responded, almost dropping her duster. 

"As a matter of fact, there is," Ms. Rena said. "Chloe will be shadowing you for the next couple of days. Show her the ropes."

"Oh, of course. It'll be my pleasure," Zoe chirped. 

"Very good. I'll leave her in your charge, darling," Ms. Rena said with a satisfied smirk and then stepped back out of the room. 

They both stood there until they were sure she was far enough away not to hear them. 

"So how are you holding up?" Zoe spoke up first. 

"Goddess I'm so horny!" Chloe said. 

"I know! Me too," Zoe said, hurrying over as fast as her ballet boots would allow. 

"I have no idea how I'm going to make it," Chloe said. 

Zoe frowned but then seemed to be struck by an idea.

"What if I promise not to cum either?" she asked.

"You'd do that for me?" Chloe asked. 

"Of course," Zoe said.

"Well, I just hope Miss K lets us cum tomorrow, then. I'll pass you a note in class if she does. Sciences, right?" Chloe said. 

Zoe just grinned. 

Chloe was amazed by just how easy the work was. Even a very low end maintenance droid could have done it. In fact, she'd noticed one hovering it's way into a bathroom to take care of the less desirable chores. They just moved from room to room, dusting, straightening things up, and of course talking about the one thing neither of them could get off their mind.

"He only ever takes me from behind. And once he's done, it's like he doesn't even want anything to do with me. I almost always have to take care of it myself," Zoe explained, more than a hint of frustration in her voice.

"Then why do you stay with him?" Chloe asked. 

"Well, I know that deep down he really cares. Besides, I don't want to be alone," Zoe said. 

"He's a Brute. They were bred for killing. Not caring. I should know," Chloe said. 

Zoe let out a long sigh. "Why do all the Incubuses have to be taken?"

They both giggled.

Later, in the back seat of the auto-cab, on the way home Chloe helped Zoe change back into her school uniform. 

"Um, maybe you should tease me on the way home, too. You know, so I'll be just as desperate as you," Zoe said, as she carefully folded her uniform.. She was practically begging for it.

"Okay, but tomorrow it's fifty-fifty," Chloe said, putting her foot up on the seat so that Zoe could sit in the V of her legs. 

"Yes, ma'am," Zoe said, enthusiastically nodding her head.

The demon girl was like putty in Chloe's hands as she ran her tail down between her legs and directly over her clit. She moaned and leaned back into Chloe's arms. With both hands completely free, she took a breast in each and squeezed, pressing her nails into them. Zoe's mouth fell open and she gasped. 

Just as she was about to release her friends tortured breasts from her grasp, Zoe moaned, "Harder..."

That was all the encouragement Chloe needed. She squeezed, digging her nails hard into Zoe's breasts. She gasped again. This time it was followed by a low pitched whine that eventually died off. Chloe ran her tail in long slow strokes over her friend's clit, slowing down the closer she came to cumming, until she could tell that just one more touch, even a strong breeze maybe, would push her over the edge. All Zoe could do was quiver in her arms. 

"If you want me to let you cum, it's okay," Chloe said, taking pity on her. 

"Please, please, please, no!. I- I don't want to until you do," Zoe replied desperately.

Chloe dug her nails even deeper into Zoe's poor breasts, eliciting a yelp from her before letting go and pulling her tail from between her legs. Zoe lay there, twitching and moaning with intense, unfulfilled desire. Each of her breasts had five distinct red marks from her fingernails. She loved the way they looked. 

Once she'd calmed down enough to do so, Zoe began putting her school uniform on. Chloe glanced out the window. It took her a moment to place exactly where they were. The cab was taking them to a district on the opposite side of the demolished zone. It was one of the rougher districts in the colony. The buildings Looked even more desperate and rundown than in her own district. Here and there she could see the evidence of errant shells from the last peacekeeper bombardment. Dark, unsavory demons seemed to look out from every shadow. Poor Zoe. 

"Thank you," Zoe said, still fighting with her shirt buttons. 

Chloe looked back and raised an eyebrow. 

"...for not letting me, you know. That would have been two promises I'd have broken," Zoe said. 

Chloe grinned. 

"You know, I could always lie and not let you cum tomorrow, either," she said, teasingly.

Zoe bit her lip and nearly lost her glasses. 

"You- you wouldn't really do that to me. Would you?" Zoe asked. 

"No, I'd never lie to you," Chloe said. 

"What about the other part?" Zoe asked.

"We'll see," Chloe said as the cab slowed to a halt.

"I- um... It was really great getting to meet you, Chloe. I'll see you in class," Zoe said and gave her a quick hug before hurrying off.

Chloe just sat back and reflected on her day as the cab pulled away to take her home. Had she ever had such a good day? Her and Miss K had certainly taken things to an exciting new level. She moaned just thinking about the feel of that serpentine tongue on her pussy the next morning. And there were certainly some fun possibilities with Zoe. She wondered if they'd get along. 

She closed her eyes and slid a hand down into her panties, letting her imagination take over. Two fingers spread her lips and a third ran over her eager clit. Maybe Miss K would tie them both up and make them take turns pleasuring her. And then, when they were both thoroughly soaked, and used, and ready to have their own needs met, she would tease them mercilessly before just leaving them there begging and struggling. 

Or maybe it would be the other way around. Maybe she and Miss K would have their way with innocent little Zoe. They'd take turns bringing her right to the very edge, again and again. She'd beg them for it at first. She'd offer up her hands to be tightly bound so that she couldn't resist it. But by the end she'd be screaming, begging, promising anything for her sexual release. They'd drive her mad with desire. 

Chloe leaned her head back on the seat and let her mouth hang open. She wasn't sure which fantasy she turned her on more. She was so close to orgasm. Her chest was heaving. She needed it SO bad. But at the last possible second she pulled her hand away and clenched her legs tightly shut, screaming into the confines of the cab. She couldn't do it. Not without Miss K's permission.

At least her father was asleep when she got home. It was one of those rare nights when he'd managed to drag himself off to his bed before passing out. A pile of vomit and a cracked beer bottle marked his trail. She quietly cleaned it up and went to bed.

She didn't get much sleep, though. The next morning she was up and out of the house even earlier than the previous morning. Despite all of her hopes however, Miss K was not there waiting for her. Every moment that went by waiting for the succubus was like torture. So Chloe lay down on their bed and did the only thing she could. She shed her clothes, all except her heels, and began to finger herself. She went as slow as possible, but even at that rate she was on the edge in under a minute and had to stop. 

"Mmm... Please get here soon, Miss K. I can't last much longer," she whimpered.

It would be close to twenty more minutes before she heard the familiar flapping of wings outside. By then, Chloe could barely compose herself. 

"Please... Please, Miss K. I need to cum so bad," Chloe begged as her friend entered the room. 

"Holy shit... You actually did it," Miss K said, fingering the oversized gauge in her left ear. 

"Yes, but I can't take it anymore. I can't think about anything else. You don't know how hard this is," Chloe begged. 

Miss K could not have looked more pleased with herself. A long moment passed as she smiled and soaked in Chloe's thorough desperation. Then, just as Chloe was about to begin begging again...

"On your knees, slave," Miss K said in a playful but firm tone. 

"What?" Chloe said, barely even realizing that she was kneeling on the floor in front of her. 

"Now, spread your legs. Arms behind your back, palms to elbows. Chest out. Further," Miss K began ordering. "Good. This is what I want to see every time I step in the room."

Miss K was starting to take this whole 'slave' thing entirely too far. But the worst part was that the further she took it, the more it turned Chloe on. 

"Kelly- I mean, Miss K, please. I need to cum," Chloe said, looking up past her mistress' beautiful pale breasts. 

"Hmmm... First I think I want you to tell me all about another one of your juicy little fantasies," Miss K said. 

Chloe whimpered in protest but soon gave in and related the details the fantasy she'd had about Ms. Rena the previous day.

"Delicious! I love it," Miss K said once she'd finished. 

"Now... Now can I...?" Chloe asked. 

"I don't know, babe. I think you can go longer. I think you can go a lot longer," Miss K said. 

Chloe's heart sunk. The ache in her pussy was all-consuming. Her tortured mind could think of nothing else. She'd be lucky if she could last another few minutes!

"...But, I am a merciful mistress. So, I will take it easy on you this once," Miss K said.

"Oh goddess, oh thank you...," Chloe said with real sincerity, letting go from behind her back and sliding a hand between her legs. 

"Stop!" Miss K barked, suddenly an angry tone to her voice. "I never said anything about you getting yourself off." 

"But I-," Chloe stuttered. 

"Behind your back," Miss K ordered. 

Chloe immediately obeyed. And just like that, her demeanor was warm and pleasant again. She walked in a circle around Chloe, clicking her tongue as she did so. Then Chloe felt her hot breath on an ear. 

"Don't move. Don't make a sound. Not one single moan, Babe," Miss K said, her lips grazing Chloe's earlobe. 

The next thing she knew, Miss K was sitting behind her on the floor, breasts pressed firmly against her back. One hand engulfed her left breast while another slowly traced a path down her stomach and between her legs. The second it touched her clit, Chloe moaned involuntarily. It immediately pulled away.
