 Oh goddess, how could one little fantasy have spawned all this? That was all she could think as Miss K flew off into the distance, completely satisfied while Chloe practically trembled with desire. 

School helped a little bit. Through a great feat of will, she was able to throw herself into her school work, reading ahead on chapters and completing assignments early. But no matter how hard she tried to ignore it, that aching, throbbing NEED was always there, gnawing at the edges of her every thought.

When Intermediate Sciences came around she swapped out her books at her banged up locker and headed in to her desk. As she waited on the rest of the students to finish shuffling in and take their seats, Chloe suddenly realized that she had no idea how she was going to explain the situation to poor eager Zoe. When she entered the classroom their eyes immediately met. Chloe grinned at her and then nearly dropped her pack as a baphomet shoved its way past her, bleating an obscenity as the unlikely creature went. Zoe shrugged it off and kept moving. 

"Hey," she chirped as she passed by Chloe's desk.

She looked like she wanted to stop and talk but Ms. Burnside was abnormally punctual this day. She came in a mere five minutes late. The ghastly stench of alcohol preceded her. All the remaining students hurried to their desks. The lesson, such as it was, began shortly after. ...something about anti-gravity and it's use on space faring vessels. Vessels that Chloe would likely never lay eyes upon and certainly never set foot in. Not on that rock they called a planet. She let out a long, depressed sigh. 

Just then, she noticed something poking her in the thigh. It was the tip of a thin, red tail. Not far from the end, it was coiled around a scrap of paper. She looked back up at Ms. Burnside and waited until she turned back toward the chalkboard to finish sketching out some diagram. Then she turned in her seat and glanced back. Of course it was Zoe, seated one row back, diagonally from her. She flashed a quick smile and took the note, hiding it in her text book. Other students were busy passing their own notes, and so no one seemed to notice. She carefully opened the note, which had been folded many times.

Dear Chloe,

I just wanted to thank you for yesterday. I hope I'm not being weird saying this, but meeting you has definitely been more than just the highlight of my day. I don't have a lot of friends. I guess it's because I'm so quiet. Always worried that I'll say too much or just that one thing I shouldn't or who knows what. It's so much easier to write it down. At least this way I can reread it and scribble out anything I shouldn't say. Anyway, just wanted you to know that. How did things go with Miss K? Good, I hope! Otherwise I might cry before the days out. Ha ha!

Zoe

Chloe folded the letter back up and slipped it down into her purse. Then she pulled out her own sheet of paper and began to write. 

Zoe,

I know. I feel the same way! Don't worry. You never have to stress about what you say to me. Promise. I'll have to tell you about Miss K later. But you might cry.

Chloe

Another glance up and then she passed it back with her own tail. And a few minutes later a new note came back up to her.

Chloe,

That's alright. I can last as long as you need me to. I'm just so jealous that me and Blake (my boyfriend) can't have what you and Miss K do. I tried to talk to him last night about trying some new things, but he just said it was stupid. 

Zoe

Chloe frowned. What was she doing with such a jerk? Then again, living in that part of the settlement, having a brute around probably had it's benifits. Still, she hated that he treated her that way. So she pulled out another scrap of paper and started writing. 

Zoe

Cheer up. That's an order. Why don't you come sit with me at lunch and meet Ms. K? Oh, and after school your going to tell me all about these new things you wish you could do.

Chloe 

It wasn't how she'd planned on introducing them but it felt right. A moment or two after passing the note back, she heard somebody abruptly drop their pencil. She glanced back to see Zoe hurriedly picking it up. She was grinning and her cheeks looked a little redder than normal. 

The bell rang before any more notes could be passed. Soon the halls were choked with students going this way and that. Chloe waded into the chaos and headed for Miss K's locker to tell her. Somewhere along the way, a stray hand groped her ass. She groaned and twisted away, heading into one of the empty classrooms.

"So you got a job now and you think that means you don't have to listen to your teachers?"

It was Mr. Brunswick and he'd followed her in. The door shut behind him and she heard it lock.

"Mr. Brunswick, what do you mean?" Chloe asked, confused. 

"You thought you were just going to get away with that stunt, yesterday? Just walking out when I'm speaking to you," he said, taking a thoroughly threatening step toward her. 

"I'm so sorry. That wasn't my intention at all, Mr. Brunswick," Chloe said, stepping back. 

She backed right into a desk and nearly tripped. When she recovered he'd taken several more steps toward her. She stepped around, putting the desk between the two of them. 

"Really, Ms. Chloe? Because it seemed a lot like insubordination to me. Now, noncompliance with school rules normally carries a hefty penalty. However, if you just learned to show a little appreciation to your elders, we might be able to work something out," he said, throwing the desk out of the way and lunging at her. 

He grabbed her by the arm and forced her up against another desk. She could feel his hot, acrid breath on her skin. The scent immediately made her nauseous. There was no way to get him off her! His erection ground hard against her thigh as she tried to turn away from him.

"Please! Mr. Kane says I have to be there on time. I just wanted to make a good impression, " Chloe said, struggling as hard as she could as a hand moved up to cup her breast. 

"Grayson Kane? You work for Grayson Kane?" he said, stunned.

Chloe quickly jerked herself free and hurriedly backed away, almost stumbling into yet another desk.

"Y- yes, and he said to let him know if anyone gave me a hard time about showing up on time," she said, trying desperately to make it sound as believable as possible. 

Mr. Brunswick took another step back. He straightened up and clasped his hands behind his back. Then he cleared his throat and spoke. 

"I'm going to let you off with a verbal warning this time, but see that you don't let it happen again. We have rules in this school and we expect them to be respected," he said. 

And with that, he turned and headed back out into the hallway at a brisk walk. Chloe sunk down into a chair. She let out a long breath that she hadn't even realized she'd been holding. What had just happened? Mr. Brunswick had finally lost it and was going to, going to... Goddess, she couldn't even think about it! But just the mention of Grayson Kane's name sent him running. He was her protector and he didn't even know it. Heck, he hadn't even met her. She couldn't help but smile at that thought. 

She peaked out into the hallway. The last few stragglers were making their way into their perspective classes. So much for telling Miss K that she had a new friend for her to meet. It'd have to be a surprise now. She'd have to hurry just to get to class on time. At least she wouldn't have to worry about Mr. Brunswick anymore. At least, she hoped. He did look pretty spooked.

She hurried along to her class and made it just in time. And once that was through with, it was off to the cafeteria. 

Chloe grabbed her food and took her usual seat at one of the corner tables. A peacekeeper, impassive in his silver shielded riot mask, slowly made his rounds through the cafeteria, shock baton in hand. 

"Hey, babe. What's wrong? Still grumpy about this morning?" Miss K asked, sitting down beside her.

"A little," she lied.

"Well, I bet I know the perfect way to cheer you up," Miss K said and lightly trailed five fingernails up Chloe's back. 

She involuntarily arched her back. Her fork clattered down onto the metal tray in front of her. 

"I promise I'll let you cum, tomorrow," Miss K whispered into her ear. 

Instantly wet. 

"...probably," Miss K followed up with. 

Wet... and desperate. But at least it took her mind off the events of earlier. 

"Chloe!" she heard someone else call. 

It was Zoe, practically sprinting over. The contents of her trey sloshed back and forth as she approached. Her breasts of course giggled up and down, too. She watched them hungrily, wondering if they still had her nail marks on them. She hoped so.

"Who's this?" Miss K asked, raising an eyebrow. 

"This is my new friend, Zoe," Chloe said. 

"Hi, Miss K. Chloe's told me so much about you," Zoe said, grinning nervousl as she sat. 

"I can tell," Miss K said and looked over at Chloe, who blushed. 

"Oh my goodness! Was I supposed to call her Kelly? I'm so sorry," Zoe said, bringing her hands to her mouth. 

The poor girl looked like she was about to cry. 

"Relax. If your good enough for Chloe, I'll give you a chance," Miss K said with an amused grin. 

"Thank you, ma'am," Zoe said. 

"Ma'am? You know, you could learn a lot from her," Miss K said to Chloe. 

Chloe grinned wryly. "You know you'd be board without a challenge."

Miss K nodded her head in concession. And so Chloe went on to explain about how they'd met and worked together.

"Is that all you've been doing together?" Miss K asked. 

Zoe blushed.

"I see...," Miss K said, obviously becoming upset. "So, when you said that you didn't-."

"No! No, I didn't," Chloe said. 

"Me either!" Zoe chimed in.

"Like I'm supposed to believe that," Miss K said. 

"Really, we haven't!" Zoe insisted. 

"I knew that I couldn't... do that. So, Zoe said she wouldn't either. We just... Well, mostly drove each other crazy," Chloe explained. 

"Are you mad?" Zoe asked. 

Miss K seemed to roll the question around in her head for a minute before answering. 

"Only because I thought you'd lied to me, Chloe," Miss K said. 

They all quieted down as the peace keeper neared their little corner of the cafeteria. 

"You know I'd never lie to you," Chloe said in a hushed voice. 

"Still, you should have asked permission before playing with someone else," Miss K said, though it was clear that she was slowly being won over.

"It was my fault. I'm really sorry, Miss K," Zoe said. 

"Well, I suppose I can forgive this once. But there will be a punishment," Miss K said, an evil grin sweeping across her face. 

"No, no, no! It's already been way too long. Please don't," Chloe suddenly found herself begging. 

The ache in her pussy was back with a vengeance. She squeezed her legs together, as though that might somehow quell it. 

Miss K just continued to grin with evil satisfaction. There was no use trying to argue. Her mind was made up. And then, just like that, lunch was over. As she got up to leave, she felt a long-nailed succubus hand grab her ass and give it a firm squeeze, digging those pointy nails into her cheek. She could only bight her lip and keep moving. 

Mr. Brunswick was curiously quiet in last period. He simply handed out chapters to read and assignments to do. The last few minutes were particularly nerve wracking. But then the bell rang, she gathered her books up, and left. Not a word was spoken. He didn't even look up at her as she passed his desk. 

"Hey, sorry for getting you in trouble," Zoe said as Chloe climbed into the cab with her, later.

"It's okay. I should have known she'd do something like this. I just don't know how I can go another day," Chloe said, slumping into her seat. 

Zoe climbed over into the seat next to her. 

"Did you still want to hear about those um... those new things I wanted to try?" she asked, hesitantly. 

Chloe smiled. "Of course."

"Well...," she began, running a hand up Chloe's leg. "I've always wanted to be tied up."

As Zoe's hand neared the innermost reaches of her thighs, Chloe instinctively spread her legs. As she talked, Zoe's fingers lightly traced the outline of Chloe's swollen pussy lips 

"I imagine it starting out with me on a big black bed with silky sheets, and a great big pile of ropes next to me. The only rule is that he, um... or she, has to use all the ropes. I have to be tied so I can't move a single muscle. Sometimes I imagine myself fighting it the whole way, but usually I just do as I'm told and crawl into whatever position they want," Zoe said. 

Chloe closed her eyes, imagining her and that pile of ropes. She'd be completely naked except for those ballet-boots of hers, kneeling on the bed, looking up at her, all innocent like. And then Chloe would bend and contort her into the most awkward of positions and then tie her in place.

Chloe could feel her legs trembling as she neared the edge. But, just as she'd been trained, Zoe stopped just in time. And so Chloe writhed as the tides of sexual gratification cruelly subsided. 

"Wow! It barely took you a minute, Chloe!" Zoe said. 

"It was going to be so good, too...," Chloe pouted. 

"Yeah, but just think, I could edge you like a dozen times before we get to work," Zoe said, excitedly. 

The thought of it was both terrifying and exciting. 

"I- I don't think I'd be much good at work if we did that," Chloe finally said. 

"I suppose not. But maybe sometime we could hang out and, you know... try some stuff?" Zoe asked and then immediately seemed unsure of herself. 

Chloe smiled. "That might be fun. I'd have to check with Miss K, but I think I know a place we could go this weekend."

She'd also have to come up with a believable story to tell her father. But she'd worry about that later. 

"Really?" Zoe said excitedly. 

"But you'll have to bring the rope," Chloe said. 

Zoe looked so excited that she could barely contain herself. Even as she slipped her hand back down between Chloe's thighs. Chloe moaned as Zoe's finger made contact with her swollen clit. This time it took less than a minute. She wanted to cry she needed to cum so badly. 

"Sss... Sss... Slower...," she barely managed to say. 

Zoe's finger was barely moving at all, now. Beads of sweat welled up and ran down her forehead. She was caught between the urge to grab two fists full of her friend's hair and shove her face into her dripping pussy until she came and the equally strong desire to beg her never ever to let the blissful torture end. 

When Zoe finally pulled away Chloe slumped down into the seat, gasping hoarsely. Her aching pussy practically screamed at her, begging for the long, hard, writhmic contractions that it'd become used to on a daily basis. When the cab finally pulled to a stop in the garage, she could barely get out in time before it took off again. If Miss K could have seen her just then, she'd have been delighted.