 Anise Chapter 3 or so/Novel Insert Possibility

As Anise strolled down the dark wet street, she felt a breeze across her thighs, as if from a ghostly hand. Her silken black skirt was adorned with a very high slit to the right hip. The thought of a hand creeping up that slit to her bare hip made a shiver climb up her spine. As the mist of rain started to fall, her white satin blouse began to cling to her bare breast like soft hands. The farther she walked, the more she felt the ghostly hands against her skin. She began to feel uneasy at the thought of something immortal following her, and touching her in her soft sensual places as she moved.

She began to pick up the pace as the rain started to fall in larger drops. She splashed through the puddles as a child would. Her black leather boots hugged her legs up to her knees as the water ran down her thighs and legs. Her apartment was only a few blocks away, but still seemed so far.

She climbed the stairs to the studio apartment that she adored so much, feeling a little safer to be home. She had put her heart and soul into decorating her space with all her own taste. She had in the past invited friends and lovers into her space, just to find that they did not appreciate her love for Gothic Art. She had since decided that her choice of men would have to change. It had been a long time since she had felt the touch of erotic pleasure of any kind. It seemed for the moment that she had imagined the ghostly touches, almost wishing that they were real.

Anise slid her boots off at the door, and slipped her skirt down and hung it on the coat rack to dry. She plopped down on the leather sofa, exhausted, yet exhilarated from the sprint home in the rain. Too bad she had no one at home waiting for her that she could share the mood with.

A noise came from the other room. A small hissing noise, like a snake, but there weren’t any snakes in the city. Anise froze on the black sofa and perked her ears to listen. Whatever is was, it was coming closer. Her heart pounded in her chest and throat. Who, or what could it possibly be? She couldn’t move, frozen with fear. Then the same ghostly hands touched her on her ankle, making her shiver with both fear and pleasure at the same time. For a split second, she wasn’t afraid, as her pussy was wet from the touch. It began to climb up her calves, then her thighs. There were two hands that felt soft yet strong. Was she imagining this, or was it real? She began to squirm, but no matter where she went, the ghostly hands followed, with erotic intentions. At this point, Anise really didn’t care if it was real or imagination. She could feel her panties sliding from her hips, as if some unseen force had ordered them off. Anise began to lift her body to give the force cooperation.

The buttons on her blouse began to pop off and fly across the sofa. Anise let out a strong gasp uncontrollably. She realized that this wasn’t her imagination. She was aroused by the thought of a ghostly lover. She yearned for it to touch her breasts. Still damp from the rain, her nipples were erect, and now they were very hard. The hands moved to her inner thighs, and softly touched her clit, and felt wet like a warm tongue. It stroked her pussy softly, but oh so correctly, hitting every spot perfectly. She moaned with satisfaction, and spread her legs putting her feet on the edges of the glass coffee table. Her hands raised up and clutched the leather on the back of the couch. At the same time her hips moved in small slow circles. The pleasure was unbelievable. It was like nothing she had ever encountered with anyone in her life. She couldn’t breath, gasping for air; she pulled away and slid herself across the sofa. The invisible force caressed her skin, making its way to her breasts. She could feel a cold mist all around her. She could not contain herself as she placed her hand on her pussy and began to rub it for pleasure. The mist rose all over the room as the force slid on top of her. It felt as if it could actually be a woman. She closed her eyes, and felt something large and warm shove into her, as she yelled and moaned with pure animal pleasure. In and out many times, but always hitting her clit in the most wet and perfect way. She could feel herself beginning to climax, and she knew it would be no ordinary orgasm. It came strong and hard. Anise lost her breath, and screamed out with unearthly pleasure. The room began to spin, as she lay there quivering. All in one instance, she realized what had just happened. Anise was a very realistic person. She wasn’t sure the gender of the apparition. She also wasn’t sure that she cared the gender either.

As she rose from the sofa, still quivering, knees shaking, and wet to the knees, she realized that the temperature in the apartment had risen. It was gone.