 "I really have to go to the toilet," said Anna to the driver of their coach. "How far is it to the village?"

"Well with these snowed over roads in rural Transylvania and the hills we have to cross I assume at least 20 minutes. The road here scares me. Potholes, bends and a lot of snow. Can you hold it that long?"

"Ah driver, our tourguide is the only one under 70 and she is the one who always has to go. Bladder of a four year old I tell you," laughed old Gunter behind their back. It had been a running joke all week: Anna who had to pee all the time while her whole bus-load of German elderly tourists had no problem at all waiting for the next stop.

"Yes Gunter. Always the same one," laughed Hans the driver.

"Hans can you then please stop the bus? I will take my chances behind some pine trees. Otherwise instead of a snowstorm you will end up with a flooding."

The bus stopped and the door opened letting in the smell of pines. Anna hopped out under a lot of teasing and banter and walked into the forest. The forest was covered with a deep coat of white snow. Birds and small animals had left their prints. The evening was falling and under the trees it was already quite dark. Nevertheless she decided to get some distance between her and the bus in case someone else also had to take a leak. Or in case one of the smokers would like to stretch his or her legs.

Although Anna had been a tourguide for this company for the last two years and visited Transylvania many times this part of the country was new to her and to the tourcompany. Normally they would tour the old towns and the castles. But the closest point to where they were now would be a view across the valley to where Count Dracula's castle was located on a hilltop overlooking a ravine. She would then retell all the old folklore about vampires, bats and shape shifting. 

However her fellow tourguide and cousin Annamaria was about to be married to some local chap she had met guiding her busloads of pensioners. And as Anna was a very poor 20 year-old student of medicine airplane tickets were a bit over budget. She had asked her employer if it was possible to guide a group during her Christmasbreak and then being dropped off in the village Ivan lived so she could be present at the wedding and only had to pay for a busticket to the airport afterwards. The tourcompany had been glad that someone was available to guide the tour and the owner had been happy to oblige.

Anna mused that they had been lucky to arrange all this as the only living relative of the young women was a great uncle who was as weird as he was rich. Now there would be someone from Annamaria's side at the wedding as well.

Anna found herself a spot near a brook that was not frozen yet. The water making so much noise that if she had not felt the urge to pee she would have now. With her trousers around her knees she noticed how cold it really was. It would be very very cold when the sun would sink under the horizon. Maybe even the brook would freeze.

Pulling up her trousers she heard a weird sound. Were those firecrackers? Would it be possible to hear fireworks from Ivan's village? Or was it a lorry motor that needed urgent fixing? It could not be a hunter as it sounded as a series of popping noises.

Anna walked back to the road. The forest was eerie quiet again.

Suddenly a man stepped into her path. He was clothed in camouflage and pointed a huge rifle at her. Anna felt like her heart was missing beats. She raised her hands in the air. He grabbed one of her arms and started to pull her in the direction of the mountain road. 

Stepping out of the forest the first thing Anna saw were bodies. They were heaped up around the bus. All had bullet wounds and blood was oozing out of them. Hans, Gunter, Inge, Getrud, Claus...

"Ah there you are, " a voice said. She turned her head towards the speaker and gaped at the bulky bearded giant who was also dressed in a kind of military camouflage. "Ivan!"

"Ivan! What is going on? Help me please and tell this man who I am."

"Oh he knows perfectly who you are my cousin-to-be. We were all looking for you. I figured that inheriting a fortune is better then inheriting half of it. So although it pains me I have no time to enjoy your nice virgin cunt, we have to say goodbye to each other so soon. But you and your retirement home on wheels unfortunately stumbled on some local vampires. Well at least they will be blamed for it. By the time your bodies will be found the wolves will have feasted on you all and no evidence of foul play will be left."

"What? Ivan what are you talking about? What inheritance? I have never done you anything wrong. Have you gone completely mad?"

He aimed his rifle at her lower belly and fired. The impact made her fall backwards. Flat on her back the pain made her gasp.

"Well a shot like that will give you a couple of hours to think things over. I am sure you will get it in the end."

"Maybe I should have fucked you a few weeks first but then your death would have some ties with me. Who will suspect the grieving relative. Instead of a wedding a funeral to plan without even having met each other in life. So sad." he leered.

Anna looked up from the floor at the madman standing over her. 

"Enjoy my bullets in your womb cunt," he said and whistled to his men who were stealing valuables from the bodies. They climbed in their fourwheel drives and drove off.

Again silence returned to the forest.

Anna realised she could not move her body below her stomach. Probably the bullets had destroyed her spinal cord too. Her hand softly touched her abdomen. It was wet with blood. 

"I am going to die here," Anna thought. "These wounds are too severe. Maybe in a big town with a hospital I had a chance but not here."

She closed her eyes. The cold of the snow under her was seeping into her legs and back. She could hear the slightest sounds in the forest around her.

"So he was after my money. Money I do not even have. But he thinks Annamaria and I are going to inherit from my great-uncle Gregor Graf von Bissendorf. With me gone he hopes all will go to her. And via her to him."

"Who is that guy? He looked like some paramilitary commander."

"All those nice old people killed because of his greed."

She opened her eyes again and looked up to the sky. A beautiful big yellow moon had now risen. The night had come. The moon illuminated the forest road and the girl laying on her back in the snow. 

Somehow peace had come to her. She looked at all the stars. Stars she had never been able to see in Berlin.

A hustle made her turn her head. On the edge of the forest stood a group of wolves. All were grey apart from the dark leader that was completely black.

"Now I am going to be eaten," Anna thought.

The big black wolf advanced while the others waited near the trees. He strode over to Anna and started to sniff her. She noticed how beautiful green his eyes were.

She had always loved animals and had the habit to talk to cats, dogs and even the pigeons in the park.

"You are so beautiful," she told him unable to think clearly anymore. Not fully realising the danger she was in. She lifted up her hand and stroked his muzzle. His fur felt like satin. Her hand dropped and her eyelids blinked. She was so tired.

When she opened her eyes again the wolf had disappeared and a handsome stranger was kneeling at her side. His hair black as the night like his cloths. His eyes green. 

His hands started to feel up and down of her body examining her closely.

"Please do not let me die", she begged him in English not even knowing if this stranger could understand that language.

"I cannot save your life dear girl. You are shredded to pieces, " he answered with a deep voice, a slight accent colouring his pronunciation. 

His hand had moved over her wounds. Blood was dripping from his fingers. In the moonlight his eyes flashed suddenly red. 

And then she realised. The black cloak around his shoulders, the gold signet ring on his little finger. This was the lord and master of this realm. The count all folk-legends told about. The man who made children shiver in their beds. The Count. The lord of the vampires.

To her however he was the only one around. She grabbed his hand. "Please do not let me die."

"I can prevent you from dying my little virgin but that would turn you into a vampire and I am sure you would not want to be one and long for death long after."

The hand with the signet ring stroked her cheek.

Suddenly she remembered something. "Is it true what they say that vampires can heal their victims bite marks so no one knows they had been drained of their blood?"

He nodded.

"Can you do that with my wound?"

"It is something magical in my saliva. Your wound is very deep." He lifted her cloths off her lower body. "But I can try".

She felt his lips trail over her wound. A weird numbing feeling followed their trail. Then his lips dropped over her mons and started sucking her labia and her clit. A weird feeling of euphoria came over her. She moaned deeply. His tongue probed her channel. 

The vampire chuckled. "It seems I have not forgotten in all those centuries how to do that to a woman."

She was panting. Looking down at her belly she noticed how the wound had closed. She tried to sit up but a sharp pain made her abandon the attempt.

"On the outside you are all healed but those bullets are lodged deep in your womb. That internal bleeding I cannot reach. What can we do to soak your womb with that saliva?" The count seemed to speak to himself. His brow frowned. A hand absent mindedly stroking her belly and the underline of her breasts.

"If that saliva heals would your sperm have the same effect?" she asked him. 

"I have no clue dear girl." One eyebrow lifted. His green eyes on hers.

"Make love to me and heal me from the inside out!"

"You want me to bed you? To fuck you? Woman, virgins are my main food source! Why would you risk sleeping with a vampire? I have not even a clue if that would not turn you into one."

"What do I have to loose?" she pleaded. "Please try. Look!" She tore away her jacket, blouse and bra exposing her breasts. 

"What guy would say no to that? Please let us try."

She noticed how his eyes became red again. Fangs evident she had not seen before. He tugged at his cloths and yanked her legs wide. A deep howl coming from his chest. 

She was still wet from his mouth on her folds but her little virgin hole had never had a man inside it. Panic made her heart beat fast when she felt his hardness press against her opening.

"I am sorry girl but we have no time for romance and going slow. It is now or never again. This will probably hurt."

She nodded. She felt pressure building down there and then a sudden sharp pain and the feeling of something shoved inside her. He started to move in her channel and her virgin walls were stretched to its limits. The pain of her gunshot wound flared up due to the movement. The blood of the internal bleeding mixing with her virginblood. She screamed. The pain was too severe. All went black.