 The ball was held in a private residence on Ceyla, hosted by a former Star and her wealthy husband, the owner of several different mining operations. They had converted their private theater into an auditorium of sorts, and throughout the room were stages, perches, tables and even a tank of water where different Stars would display their talents. Technically it was a place to meet and greet others in the mining trade, but the former Star, now Jacqueline Dulac, knew the value of beauty and engaging companions, not to mention the opportunities a little distraction afforded. She had immediately agreed to Madame Ko's idea of an auction, and had been to meet Anna twice that week. Jacqueline, or Jacki as she insisted on being called, was a surprisingly plain woman, with hair going grey at the temples and comfortable rolls of fat around her midsection and hips. She was cheerful, even-tempered and had perfect manners. Anna had asked Cris about it earlier.

"She's a natural," Cris explained. "Jacki never got any enhancements, she never even dyed her hair. Nothing artificial for her. It really appeals to some men, especially the ones who work in anti-reality sims and stuff like that. Her husband is a theoretician, a really brilliant math guy and a good businessman, but he never did any of the actual mining or building. Jacki was completely real, and he liked that. Liked it enough to ask her to marry him. That was four years ago, I guess, I was a new Star then. They've gotten along pretty well."

Very well, Anna suspected. Jacki had taken to her right away, maybe in part because Anna was also a natural, or nearly. Anna-or Elsiane-was given a corner of the auditorium to herself, complete with hooks, climbing gear, a very rough and realistic rock wall and a simulated shooting chamber. It was equipped with laser cutters, just in case someone wanted to try her skill. The power had been lowered enough that they would only serve as a slight bit of heat, which was alright since the debris flying at the people inside the chamber was illusionary. When cutting asteroids, anything that got jarred loose was a danger, especially since some of the pieces of rock and ice could penetrate pressure suits. You had to be good with the cutter to minimize fragmentation, and even better to burn the pieces that did escape before they clipped you. Anna had been a little unsure about the chamber, but Harriman had insisted. "If they win, they can feel good about themselves. If they lose, then they can admire your skill." He smiled brightly. "Either way, you win. None of the other Stars compete head-on with clients."

There were fifteen other Stars, and they would all have stations in different places. Cris got a center spot, because she was popular and had been bragging to her clients about her new routine for weeks. She and Anna had gotten dressed together. Anna's hands were shaking as she pulled on her skin-tight jumpsuit. It was a parody on a real mining outfit, thin enough to show off her figure, but tough enough to keep the ropes and harnesses from burning her skin. It was pale green, and covered her from the top of her neck to her ankles, fitted with straps in just the right places to enhance her slender curves without making it obvious. Diaphanous folds of cloth hung from her arms and her legs, meant to flare out when she moved.

"A virgin's greatest asset is his or her mystery," Madame Ko had told her a few days earlier. "We want to keep as much of you a secret for as long as possible. You will be alluring, and different, and people will want to see what's underneath. Be calm, be gracious, but don't be overly friendly, that isn't a tack that will work for you. Our Cristabel has been around for quite some time, and what she lacks in mystery, she makes up for in enthusiasm and flair."

And now it was time, and Anna didn't feel ready. Her body trembled as she pulled her hair back into a simple bun, and her hands were shaking so bad that she had to let Cris do her makeup.

"You'll be great, Elsie!" Cris insisted. "Just ignore the people for awhile. Concentrate on your act. Once you start doing those moves you'll relax, I promise." She leaned in and gave Anna a quick kiss on the lips. "It'll be fun, you'll see."

"I know," Anna murmured, trying to reassure herself. 

The Stars got into their positions before the guests arrived, made sure their places were ready and equipped with what they needed. The brunette flame-wielder, whom Anna had learned was called Morgianna, had torches and firepots and a flaming baton. Justin was just working off a two-by-three foot table, and it was more than enough space for him to do his incredible moves. There were others Anna knew less well: Victoria, who spoke and sang in seven different languages, Ramsey, who was amazingly strong and did little more than pose, and Giovanni, a small, slender man who worked like a magician, doing tricks and telling jokes. He also played a number of different musical instruments. He was a Star who advertised more as an amusing companion than sexually, but he got his fair share of business. And how did she stack up? She had the least original act of any of the Stars. Why would miners want to see someone else who could mine? Harriman had assured her that she would be intriguing, but she wasn't so confident now...

It was too late to be unsure. Guests were beginning to enter, first a trickle, then a steady flow. She could hear Jacki's voice above them all, directing them to different entertainments. Anna closed her eyes and got a hand on her equipment. She was working with a rope harness only, and no fasteners to hold her into it. It was just her and the rope. There was a wall in front of her. She shut her mind to the bustle and distraction, and placed her hands on the rope. It was solid and easy to grip. Knotting her toes around the bottom of it, she quickly scaled the rope until she was thirty feet in the air. There were other ropes of different lengths hanging from the ceiling. She had practiced sliding from rope to rope, the acrobatic skill required fairly small but her strength and ease in doing it remarkable. She moved from side to side, rope to rope, across five total, sometimes using one arm, sometimes both, and once just her feet. There was a small crowd of people beneath her, and she could hear their comments, even though she didn't look directly at them.

"This is the virgin?"

"Jacki said she was strong."

"I don't understand this act. What's with the ropes?"

"I think I heard she was a miner before."

"Miners don't work like that. More likely she was an acrobat."

"Miners work like that when they have no other way to work." This was a deeper voice than the others, and very rough. "When they're desperate. Ropes are slung up onto hooks fired into the rock. There are multiple ropes in case one section breaks away in a hurry. This girl was a miner."

"Well, is she a mute miner?" This got a few laughs. "Hey, you! Come down and talk to us."

Now for the tricks. Anna took a deep breath and wrapped the rope she was on around her waist, anchoring herself with one arm while she did. Once the rope was tight, she let go with the arm and came spinning down like a falling flower. She timed her landing perfectly and set down on bare feet in front of a group of people. They were mostly men, with a few ladies on some arms, and there were at least ten of them. Most were fairly innocuous, in dark suits fitted to perfection, but one man was markedly different. He was of average height, and wore a suit similar to the cut of the others, although his was pale grey. But his shoulders were immensely wide, and his head was shaved bare. Across his scalp and face were long, ropy scars, paler and stark against the darkness of his skin. One eye was missing, and his nose was a mass of criss-crossing tissue. His arms were folded, and he looked at her impassively. Anna did her best not to shudder or look away. "Good evening," she said to the group politely.

"Good evening." This was one of the closer men, with diamonds for buttons. He smiled at her. "What's your name?"

"Elsiane, sir."

"Were you a miner, Elsiane?"

"All my life."

"Where?" This was asked by another man, with pale blond hair and a cane.

"Many different places. The Andromeda Chain, Mykros, Devil's Tower, Koreo 11 and 12-"

"I heard the Koreo settlements were wiped out," another man interjected.

"They were." Anna didn't want to talk about that. The scarred man changed the subject.

"Devil's Tower is a rough place to mine. Is that where you learned those tricks?"

"Yes, sir."

"Come from a mining family, then, no one else would try it." He rubbed his chin. "You have experience with the laser cutter?"

"Of course."

"Listen to that!" the pale-haired man exclaimed. "A regular expert, then. Is that why this shooting booth is set up, so you can impress us with your skill?"

"Not at all. It's so you can impress me with yours." Anna smiled. "I'm very new to this profession, as I'm sure you know, and shooting indoors is much different from shooting on the back of an asteroid. I'd love to see some of your technique." This was something Madame Ko had talked to her about: find ways to compliment potential clients. They wanted you to want them. It was working on this man. He handed the cane to an unobtrusive woman standing behind him and stepped forward. 

Anna accompanied him to the laser cutters. There were two, and she let him pick his up first. "The targets are illusionary, of course, but the cutter configuration is genuine. I was using one myself less than a month ago. Would you care to shoot alone, or have me join you?"

"Join, by all means." He gave a smile that was a bit of a smirk. "You can even take the first shots."

"You're too kind." Anna stepped into the simulator next to the pale-haired man, raised the cutter and waited for the debris to appear. Harriman had programmed it to begin slowly and escalate to multiple targets within ten seconds, finishing after only twenty so it wouldn't get boring. The rocks began to appear against the black background. She burned two out of the air easily, then three more. They began to appear faster; she burned nearly thirty over the next fifteen seconds, only missing three. When the simulation ended, she put down the cutter. "You didn't care to join me?" she asked the man.

He was staring at her, aghast. "I don't think so." He put the cutter down and grabbed for his cane. He wasn't very cheery anymore, and Anna's heart sank as she realized she had mishandled him. "Good evening." He turned and stalked off, the small woman following at his heels. Anna stared at his retreating back and sighed.

"Well, I'm not afraid to shoot against you." The man with the diamond buttons stepped up. "Even if you are better than I am." That got a laugh from the crowd. Anna noticed there were more people standing and watching now than there'd been when she'd been doing her rope tricks. She smiled at the man and they started the simulation again. Actually, he was quite good, only burning two fewer rocks than she did. 

This started a string of men, almost all of them former miners, to her corner to try their luck against the new Star. You could tell the ones who hadn't had field experience immediately. Laser cutters were tricky, you had to hold them on a target long enough to vaporize it, something regular shooters didn't understand. Most of them took it well though, and a few of them even burned better than Anna did, which got cheers form the onlookers. Anna remembered to be gracious, to be a bit coy and to answer to Elsiane, and after a little time she let her long hair fall down out of its bun, shimmering across her shoulders and framing her soft oval face. People came and people went, but the man with the horrible scars never left her corner. He didn't say much, and he didn't offer to shoot against her, instead standing and stroking his chin, the only unscarred portion of his ravaged face, looking thoughtful. His skin was dark, dark brown, burned by many different suns through his pressure suit. His single eye, though, was pale green, almost the same shade as the suit she wore. He stood, and stared, and she felt his eye on her even when she was facing the other way.

A woman came over, another former miner, but she wasn't interested in shooting, she wanted to see the rope tricks. She had short black hair and a square face, and was attractive in a blocky sort of way. Anna obliged her and mounted the ropes quickly, a little relieved to be out from under such close scrutiny. She knotted a secure harness around her waist and thighs, then arched her back until she was upside down. She held the pose for a moment, then with a sharp tug undid the knot at her waist. The rope slithered through her thighs, and she fell, fast, face-first towards the mat. A few people in the crowd gasped, and the woman moved forward as if to catch her, but her hand, which had kept a hold on the rope all the way down, suddenly tightened its grip; the rope stopped sliding, and Anna stopped, swaying gently, less than a foot from the ground. She swung back into an upright position, rising slowly, letting her hair cover her face until the last moment. Harriman and Cris had coached her on this: after a fast move, give them slow. Make them want to see more, make it all unexpected. Finally she was upright, and dropped the rope, lifted a slightly-reddened hand to her hair and swept it back into a knot, conscious of the eyes upon her, watching the play of muscles in her arms and across her stomach. She smiled gently at the woman who had made the request. "Does it take you back?" she asked softly.

"We were wild in our youth," the woman admitted. "We used the ropes even when we didn't have to. But I've never seen a display like that before. You have real skill, you could head up a team of your own."

"Now, Matilda." Madame Ko had appeared from out of nowhere, smiling but chill. "She is contracted with me for the time being, don't approach her with job offers until her contract runs out. The bidding for my Stars will begin shortly. If you want to continue your discussion, bid for her." She reached out and took Anna's hand. "Come, Elsiane. It's time for the auction to begin." As they walked away, Madame Ko murmured, "All of the Stars will participate in the auction tonight, but I want to begin with you, to get the most people interested first. You got good traffic tonight, there should be a number of bidders." She handed Anna up onto Cris's stage, then stood down in front.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I have for you tonight a rare treat. Elsiane is my newest Star, and she has come to us a virgin. I hope she will be with us for many turns to come, but right now, she is completely pure. If you value a companion with intelligence, beauty, grace and strength, a girl of compelling innocence and power, now is the time to make your statement. The bidding will begin at five hundred credits."

Listening to the description of herself, Anna had to fight not to blush. She didn't feel very powerful at the moment. And five hundred credits! That was more than her family had made in three months of mining. She could see Cris in the background giving her thumbs up, and Morgianne folding her arms, staring coldly. She hoped someone would bid, please, let someone bid and save her from the strange shame she felt building inside her...

"Five hundred." It was Matilda, the dark-haired woman.

"Seven hundred." This from a man she had seen from the ropes, but hadn't talked to.

"One thousand." This was the man with the diamonds, and he was grinning. Anna had liked him. She hoped he won.

"One and three." One thousand and three hundred from another someone she didn't recognize, a strangely tall, slender man who looked like he might topple over at any moment.

"One and five." Matilda countered.

"One and six."

"One and eight."

The bidding went on for a while longer, until Matilda and, unfortunately, the man with the diamonds had good-naturedly dropped out. It was up to three thousand, and that offer had come from the very tall man. Anna knew nothing about him, she hadn't seen him at all that night. Why did he want her? There was a pause. "Three thousand." Madame Ko intoned. "Once...twice..."

"Four."

This came as a surprise to everyone. The voice was grainy and low. Anna didn't have to see him to know it was the scarred man. She felt the unease in her stomach change into a strange mixture of relief and...fear?

"Four thousand." Madame Ko inclined her head to him graciously. "Once...twice..." The tall man shrugged his shoulders. "And our newest Star goes to you, Mr. Varan. Please come forward and sign the contract." Mr. Varan worked his way through the crowd, not difficult for a man of his breadth, and signed the screen that was swiveled towards him. "Elsiane will join you after the rest of the auction is finished and I have had a chance to speak with her. Congratulations on your achievement."

He didn't say anything, just nodded briskly and stepped back. Anna tried, but he wouldn't meet her eyes. She stepped down from the stage with only a slight tremor in her legs, and walked back to where Cris was standing while Justin was brought up.

"Good price!" Cris congratulated her, hugging her and bouncing with pleasure. "I only went for three five at my first auction. I wasn't a virgin, but still, nice display; you must have really impressed Mr. Varan!" She giggled. "Some people call him a freak, I think because he hasn't gotten his face fixed, but they're-"

"Cris!" Anna muttered urgently. "I have no idea who this man is. All I know is he's watched me all night, and he looks like someone tried to kill him! I don't know what to say to him, please, help me!"

"Elsie!" Cristabel smoothed her friend's hair and kissed her cheek. "Everyone is nervous at their first auction. Mr. Varan is a good man. He doesn't give us much business, he spends a lot of time working, he's a miner, I think he had an accident and that's how he got the scars. Anyway, no one really knows, he's very secretive, but he's got an excellent reputation. I haven't been with him myself, but none of the girls ever complained. Madame Ko wouldn't let you go to someone difficult on your first night, don't worry so much."

"What's his first name?" Anna asked, still a bit anxious.

"I don't know. He just goes by Mr. Varan." Cris kissed her cheek again, then glanced at the stage. "It looks like Justin's done, I'm next. I've got to go, Elsie, I'll see you again soon." She bounced off towards the stage, waving at potential patrons and glittering like crystal. Anna found herself next to Morgianne. The woman was still looking at her, nothing friendly in her eyes.

"Not a bad price," she said languidly. "I went for five five when my virginity was at stake."

"How wonderful for you," Anna replied curtly.

"It was. I've demanded the highest prices of any Star since then, and it's been six years now."

"Why are you telling me this?" Anna demanded.

"Because I want to let you know where you stand, "Elsie". You have a good act, you're pretty enough, but you don't know how to respond to your patron's deepest longings. You never will, you're too wrapped up in the past to be much in the present. I suggest you save up and buy your way out soon, because your prices are only going to decline from here." She smiled faintly. "Speaking as a friend, of course. You don't want me for an enemy."

"No I don't," Anna affirmed. She remembered something then. "Otherwise I would have to tell the Madame."

The smile dropped off of Morgianne's face; she scowled and raised one sharp-nailed finger towards Anna. "Don't you dare threaten me with Madame Ko!" she hissed. "You have no idea what she's capable of!"

Anna was shocked at her vehemence. She tried to think of something to say, but nothing would come. Morgianne lowered her hand, composed herself, and ignored Anna completely until Cris was back, then went on the stage herself.
