 It was a long ride to Mr. Varan's home. Anna tried to think of something to say, anything to say, but nothing sprang to her mind. It didn't help that he stared straight forward, driving through the vacuum, not looking left or right, not looking at her. Anna finally settled for the same. She looked out of the front window, staring at the barren landscape that was most of Ceyla. It was a large asteroid, practically a moon. The habitation bubbles that made up most of Ceyla City were separated, with slender walkways connecting them. If someone wanted to travel by anything other than foot, they had to go outside, and that meant space travel, minor though it was. There were no roads and very few landmarks, but it could be very beautiful. They headed out past Ceyla City, leaving the vast habitation bubbles behind. Anna glanced back at them, then at Mr. Varan, trying to understand what was going on, but he said nothing. 

They were heading away from the dark side of the asteroid where the city was located most of the time, since the sun was too strong to face for long without special housing. The flyer was simple but fast, and after fifteen minutes they were nearing the end of the asteroid's shadow and heading for the terminator, the line delineating the dark and light sides of the asteroid. Ceyla City was almost out of sight behind them.

Anna was uneasy. If the glass didn't have ultra-high solar tint to block the radiation, they would be tanning in moments. Even with a high tint, the sun got through eventually; that was why all miners who worked out in space ended up dark. Anna had been dark for years before her family had moved to Koreo 12. It had been underground mining there, and she had gotten pale again, but there was still a faint line around her neck where her faceplate began. They sped up to the terminator, and in an instant were over it. For a long moment, the bright sun Amycion blazed on the horizon. It was beautiful, and Anna's breath caught in her throat as she gazed at it. Then the ultra-tint kicked in, and the windows became dark, the sun a faint blur. Anna relaxed back against the seat.

"I like being able to see the sun." Her companion finally spoke. "I have the only home on the bright side of Ceyla."

"I like being able to see it too," Anna said softly. "It helps me remember..."

"You were a miner for a long time."

"So were you," Anna replied. "You still are."

"How do you know that?"

"From your tan." She smiled. "Your head is darker than your arms, although you've done a good job of matching it. Do you have a sun-room at your home?"

"Yes." He glanced over at her. "Did you?"

"No, we never had the money for that," she sighed, remembering. "We all lived on a small ship, artificial light mostly, we didn't have a home base until Koreo 12. Then it was underground." She didn't want him to ask questions about that. "But I knew several people who did have them. They worked for bigger companies, mostly. We were freelance."

"We?"

"There were three of us." She changed the subject. "It must stay very bright on this side, is your home underground?"

"Partially." He glanced at her. "Take your hair down."

Anna reached back and undid the simple knot. Her hair fell down over her shoulders, partially obscuring her face. He reached out a gnarled hand and pushed the locks back. "Don't hide from me."

"As you wish."

"Hmph." He turned back to the steering wheel. Anna was confused. Wasn't she supposed to do what he wanted? They were both silent for the rest of the ride.

The flyer made an easy glide into an underground pressure chamber. Anna couldn't even make out any of the surface structures, the glass was so dark, but Mr. Varan seemed to know it all by habit. They came to an easy stop and he activated the localized anti-grav, which was a new feature on a lot of flyers designed to minimize parking damage to the craft by holding it a few inches off the ground. 

Mr. Varan opened his door and stepped out. Anna did the same, emerging into a large, dark room. Mr. Varan took her by the hand and led her to a wall, where he touched a small sphere. A door opened in front of them. "Take the lift up," he told her, letting go of her and motioning her inside. "I'll be up in a moment, I need to finish a few things down here first. The blue sphere," he added after seeing her confusion at this technology. Anna pressed it. Instantly an opaque wall reappeared in front of her, and she felt a vague sense of movement. In a second the wall disappeared again, and she stepped out into another mostly darkened room, more of a hall, long and wide. Half of one wall was underground, the other half was above, with the ultra-tint at full power. 

There was very little decoration, no pictures on the walls, no sounds playing in the background, just silence. In the center of the room was a low pallet, very similar to the ones miners used onboard ships when you had to stack people. This one was wide, though, and covered with a dark red blanket. It faced the windows, watching the near-eternal sunrise. There were two small end tables, a holographic light fixture, and nothing else. As Anna moved about the strange room, she noticed small spheres on the solid wall. She touched one, a grey one. Instantly a hole in the wall appeared, and she was looking into a room filled with clothes. His clothes. She shut it quickly and moved on. The green sphere led to a bathroom, with a large tub but no obvious mirrors. No wonder, she thought, then felt guilty for it. She closed it and moved on. The yellow sphere was a kitchen area, very spacious and well-designed, but still minimal. She touched a red sphere, but it refused to move beneath her finger, and no hole in the wall appeared. A secure room, probably for business, she theorized, more than happy to leave it be. The blue sphere led to the lift again. That was it, as far as she could tell. There was nothing to occupy him apart from the windows that she could tell, no vid screens, not even any old-fashioned books. Of course, they might all be in the red room. Interestingly, there were no other bedrooms, and no social room. The main room was where he slept, but it was obvious he rarely entertained.

What was taking him so long? Anna refused to let her mind talk her into corners, and strode over to the windows. Above each of them was a thick, rounded piece of glass attached to a lever. Curious, she pulled one down.

Instantly her view out the windows became clear again, with a perfect view of the sun. The light was refracted in a wide circle around her, though, still working to minimize her exposure. She stood in front of it for a long time, just admiring the pockmarked landscape for its bleak beauty. Cold, stark, untouched, perfect.

"I like to be able to see it." His voice sounded out of nowhere. Anna jumped and let go of the glass, which slid back up into position.

"You startled me!" she exclaimed.

"I know," he replied. "Pull it down again."

Anna obeyed, bringing the thick glass back down. The sun turned the asteroid's surface a brilliant yellow-gold, so different from the dark rock of the other side. They stared at it together for a long moment.

"Does Ceyla remind you of anywhere?" he asked finally. "Some place you've seen before?"

"Not really," Anna replied, fingering the edge of the glass. "All places have their similarities and differences. Ceyla's less different than most of what I grew up with. I do like the yellow sun, though. We didn't even get sunlight a lot of the time, just starlight."

"Such a sight could drive some people insane," Mr. Varan commented. Anna thought it was a strange thing to bring up.

"So can the sight of an ocean," she countered. "I knew a man who refused to go onto any water worlds, he didn't even like drinking the stuff. He thought it was unnatural." She smiled. "I don't know what could be less natural for humans than living in space."

"I can think of a number of things," he replied dryly. Anna decided it was time to break the ice.

"What do you want me to call you?" she asked him. "I only know you by Mr. Varan. What's your first name?"

"That's the only name I go by." He shrugged. "You can shorten it to Varan if it makes it easier. And what should I call you? Elsiane? I could see you thinking every time you heard that name, reminding yourself it was yours. What's your real name?'

"You know I can't say," Anna replied. Madame Ko had drilled that into her. You had to keep some things secret from the client, and your real name was one of them. "Call me whatever you want."

"I want to know what you want," he responded irritably. "If I wanted someone who would acquiesce to my opinions all the time, I would have chosen a different Star."

"Well, maybe you should have," Anna replied, angry against her better judgment. "You know I have no experience, I was told to defer to you! I don't care what you call me, it doesn't matter! None of it's real."

"No?" He stepped in close to her, hard hands gripping her shoulders, his face pressed against her hair. "Not real? Doesn't this feel real?" He gave her a mild shake. "You smell like jasmine, and oil, and sweat. Is any of that real?" He pulled her around and thrust his face in close to hers, making her blanch. "You don't want to believe this is real then, hmm? Do I look like some sort of monster, an alien?"

"No!" Anna cried, feeling afraid now. "Of course not. I was told it was from an accident, and it isn't as though I haven't seen mining wounds before, you probably got high-velocity fragmentation, too small to burn with the cutter." She knew she was babbling, but she couldn't help it. "The fragments must have penetrated your pressure suit, but somehow you got to an airlock or something before you lost complete consciousness. My father lost his right leg from the knee down due to a fragmentation, I know how it can happen, I've seen it before. Please don't be angry with me," she finished quietly, almost with a whimper, since his hands were painfully tight around her upper arms.

He stared at her for a long moment, then let her go and walked away from her, sitting down on his bed. He looked over at her and said, "Then you'll be Elsiane, because I don't like pet names. Come over here." He gestured to the spot next to him. "Don't worry, I'm not angry. I'm sorry I scared you."

Anna let go of the glass and walked over to him, sitting down without hesitation. "I accept your apology."

"Good." He looked at her, then lifted a hand to her hair. "This is beautiful. Do you dye it?"

"No," she said. "I've never had anything like that done."

"You're a natural, then?"

"Nearly," Anna admitted. "The smallest two toes on my right foot are mechanicals, with skin overlays. We couldn't afford cloning. My father got a mechanical leg that worked almost as well as the real one."

"How did you lose the toes?" Varan asked, looking with new interest at her bare feet.

"Not checking my suit properly," she replied, her cheeks becoming flushed. "I tore it on a previous foray, but not enough to affect pressure. I taped it and forgot about it. But the tape pulled off at an awkward time, and I ripped it further, enough to tear a hole. The suit clamped off above the foot. I was lucky not to lose more to vacuum." She finally made out an expression. "I know, it was stupid. My father never let me forget it, that's for sure. It's been five years or so by now, I'm completely used to it."

"Do you want to know why I chose you tonight?" Varan asked her, moving the hand on her hair to the nape of her neck. Anna fought a shiver.

"Yes," she whispered.

"If a Star has one flaw, it's that she's not genuine. You're taught to act, to please, to satisfy." His strong hand gently massaged her neck. "You rarely get to be. I saw you tonight, and I could tell there was something practical about you, less façade and more honesty. I knew you had lived life for yourself, not for someone else. That may change in time, but I wanted you tonight because I wanted you, the real woman, the daughter, the miner, the slave. Not the Star. The fact that you're a virgin is only a minor inconvenience." He moved onto his knees behind her, both hands coming to rest on her shoulders, massaging her flesh beneath the suit. "You haven't learn to hide yourself away yet. I see disgust when you look at me, and pity. I also see understanding."

His hands felt so good on her tense shoulders, it was difficult for Anna to focus on what he was saying. "Varan..."

"What?"

"Don't stop."

She heard him chuckle. "Then take this off, so I can get at the skin. No, wait, never mind, I'll do it. You'll probably waste time with some sort of awkward strip tease." He leaned in and whispered, "I can read your mind, you see."

"More likely you can read my body," Anna murmured.

"Let's find out." His fingers found the fastener at her neck; the suit was designed to be easy to take off, and it peeled away from her shoulders and back like water being shed. The whole thing was hanging by her waist in moments, and her breasts fell free of the cloth. Anna was a slender girl, and her breasts were small but pert, free of the sag that indicated a lifetime spent in traditional gravity. Her nipples were already erect, and the cool air on them made them harder. She had been touched by men earlier this week, but now she was with a client, her first client, and the feeling she had felt before were magnified tenfold. She could feel every follicle of hair on her body stand on alert, and the roughness of his hands was so sensuous, she began to forget she had been uncomfortable with him. Varan was looking down on her from behind, admiring the muscles of her back. "You're very strong," he complimented her.

"I feel soft," she replied with a smile.

"You're that too," he agreed, snaking his hands around her chest to cup her breasts. They easily fit in his palms, and as he ran his thumbs over her nipples, Anna quivered and arched her back against him. It felt so good, he was warm and gentle. She had a feeling he kept her facing away from him on purpose, to keep her relaxed, not having to look at his ruined face. Maybe it was his way of making up for throwing his ugliness at her earlier. Either way, she was feeling more pleasure than trepidation. He lightly pinched her nipples between his fingers; Anna writhed back, sighing with enjoyment.

"You have a scar on your shoulder," Varan growled in her ear. "From what?" He freed one hand to take his own clothes off, keeping the other at her breast, distracting her, easing her along.

"A rope," Anna replied breathily. "Showing off two years ago. It cut through my jumpsuit, but it kept me from falling off the wall-aahh-" Varan was pressed against her again, only now it was flesh to flesh. He felt amazingly warm. She tried to turn to face him, but his hands kept her from moving too far. 

"No, Elsiane. Let me lead," he commanded. "Stand up." She stood up, unsteady on her feet. She could feel him pull down the rest of her suit, finally tossing it away. "Mm, look at you." He pressed his mouth to her shoulder blade, then to the small of her back. He ran his hands down her sides and over her ass, which was round and perfectly smooth. "You could be a dream, with a body like that." Anna was looking at the windows. There was a faint reflection there, not enough to see any of his or her features, but enough to see make out their naked bodies. Varan had one hand back up at her breasts, teasing them; the other had moved between her legs, and before she could react his fingers were on her pussy, stroking it gently. Anna moaned and unconsciously widened her stance to give him better access. One finger moved in past her lips, and began stroking circles around her clitoris. Another began to penetrate her, moving slowly.

"Varan...ahh..." Her legs trembled beneath her.

"Do you want to lie down?" he rasped in her ear, desire making his already-grainy voice even harsher.

"Yes..."

He let go of her suddenly, and Anna fell back onto the bed. Varan was already out of the way and was moving to the foot. "Move down to the edge of the bed," he said. "Close your eyes, just concentrate on what you feel." He knelt between her legs, spreading them apart with one hand, then moving that hand in to touch her pussy. He pushed one finger inside, moving it in slow circles, as his mouth closed in on her clit. Anna had been nervous, dry; the feel of his tongue on her pussy was better than anything she had experienced so far, and her sex was suddenly drenched with liquid. It made the movement of his hand inside of her easier, and he added a second finger, all while keeping his tongue on her.

"Varan...oh, god..." she moaned. Someone had told her it was good to say their name, she didn't really care who now. "Ohh, god, don't stop." Varan added a third finger to her, thrusting them in hard now, and in a moment it was more than she could stand. Keening, Anna clenched her thighs, her hands running over his bare scalp, trying to find some way to pull him closer as she orgasmed. Her pussy tightened around his fingers, and her thighs almost choked him as she experienced her pleasure. "Aahh, oh fuck..." Anna moaned as she writhed from the high. It was different than with Cris, different than it had been with any of the other Stars. It was a hot, intense delight that spread in a trembling wave from her center up to her face and down to her toes. 

Varan got up from the foot of the bed and moved next to her side. Anna opened her eyes and turned to face him, reaching for him, but he pushed her arms back down. "Close your eyes," he breathed. "And roll on your side." With his hands insistent on her back, Anna rolled onto her right ride, away from him. It wasn't what she wanted, it wasn't what she felt like she should be doing with him, but she was too caught up to even think about arguing. He lay down next to her, just behind her, and she felt his body press against her back. His cock was hard against her ass, and Anna opened her eyes and gasped.

"Elsiane, close your eyes."

"I want to see you." 

"No, Elsiane." He stroked her shoulder with his left hand. "Please. Close your eyes." He pressed a kiss to the base of her neck. "Close your eyes. Relax, baby, lift your leg up." He moved his hips down beneath her ass and ran his fingers across her left leg. "This one, baby, lift it up. Keep your eyes closed, nothing's going to surprise you." He chuckled, his chest vibrating against her back. "You'll feel what's happening pretty quickly." He pulled her leg back and up. "Bend your knee." Anna set her bare foot on his upper thigh. He hadn't expected that." "You're flexible."

"You knew that already," Anna groaned. Something like a giggle escaped her. "I thought nothing surprised you."

"I want you to surprise me." He pressed his hips tight against her body. His dick thrust up between her legs, resting on the outside of her pussy. Anna sighed heavily. 

"Oh, god..." She was shaking now. Anticipation and pleasure warred with fear. She could feel him, but she couldn't see him. He kept one hand against her shoulder, keeping her from looking back. He was hot and heavy against her body, hard between her thighs, but she couldn't see him. It made her feel anxious. She would rather have seen the scarring across his face than looked out at nothing while he took her, and she couldn't keep her eyes closed. "Varan, please, let me turn around."

"Trust me." He was thrusting between her legs, going faster and faster.

"Varan, please!"

He slowed down, then stopped, wrapping his arm around her waist. "Elsiane." He kissed her neck and shoulder. "You have to trust me now. I'm not going to hurt you, but we have to do this my way. I want you so badly right now, but that won't keep me from being careful. Please, relax. Please trust me." He kissed her again, just holding her for a long moment. Eventually her shaking stopped, and Anna relaxed. 
