 Madame Ko met Anna in the hall as she walked out of her room, where she had gone to change her clothes right after leaving Varan. "Inside, please." She indicated her office. Anna sat down in the same plush chair she had over a week ago when she was first brought here by Cris. So many changes had happened since then. Madame Ko sat down across from her. "You're back on time. Was the contract successful?"

"I...believe so," Anna replied. 

"Why the hesitation?"

"Well..."

"Elsiane, I get full disclosure of contracts. If something happened that was amiss, you need to tell me."

"I'm just not sure I made him completely happy," Anna told her. Admitting it hurt. "We made love several times...he was wonderful." Her eyes got a bit glassy as she remembered the last time, with his face pressed between her thighs. "He seemed to enjoy it. But after last night, he was very short with me. He seemed almost angry. It wasn't anything I did on the ship, I know my way around those easy. He was just...upset. And I didn't know what to do," she confessed finally. "He told me something was wrong with one of his ships. That might explain it. But..."

Madame Ko watched her for a moment before checking something on her desk. "Well, you must have done something right. Mr. Varan sent you an extra two thousand credits."

"Two thousand?" Anna was amazed. "That much?"

"It's high but not unheard of. This two thousand will go directly into your personal account. You could equip a very nice space suit for this kind of money. Custom." She said it all matter-of-factly. "I daresay that despite any rough patches, Mr. Varan will ask for you again. I'll ask some of the other Stars to talk with you about different ways to handle men. In the meantime, you've gotten many other offers. Some are ridiculously low, but others you should consider. I don't allow a Star to say no to someone I deem reasonable until he or she has tried them once." Madame Ko pressed something into her computer, and Anna's credit strip dinged. "I've loaded the offers and profiles of your potentials into your strip. Touch it to the mirror in your room and you can look at them individually, on a larger scale." She sat back. "Cristabel had an extension put on her contract for another night, so I suggest you take the time to look soon before she arrives to distract you."

"I will. Thank you." Anna stood up and stepped out of the office, resisting an impulse to bow. She walked back down to her room, bemused, wondering about the offers loaded on the credit strip and still feeling Varan's hands on her body, the feel of his skin on hers... She stepped into her room and made sure it was closed behind her. She was glad that Cris wasn't here. It wasn't that she didn't want to see her, but she needed to be alone for awhile.

Anna sat down on her bed, now a comfortable hardness rather than far too soft. She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. She could still smell him on her, coffee and sweat and something else indefinable. "Varan..." It was time to bring her head out of the bright black sky. Her contract with him was over. He had taken what he wanted and left. She hoped that he would want her again, but for now...for now, she had to move on. On to the next patron. But part of her would always belong to him now.

Tears burned at the edge of her eyes. Anna hastily wiped them away and moved over to the mirror. She took out her credit slip and pressed it to the glass. It seemed to know exactly what needed to happen. All the latest transactions downloaded onto the glass, which immediately became opaque. There were the two thousand credits, with the terse note next to them. He had paid her six thousand credits for two nights of company. "Thank you," she whispered.

There was another file there, titled "Potentials". Anna assumed that was the one Madame Ko had put together. She pressed it lightly and the file opened. A number of pictures were displayed, with names and information next to them. There were also details of the times and compensation offered. Anna enhanced the first one and smiled. It was the man with the diamond buttons who had been so friendly at the ball. It turned out his name was Riory Mileon. He wasn't a miner, exactly. He was a gem merchant that had contracts with all the major mining companies that came through Ceyla City, and the biggest jeweler on the asteroid. Well, that explained the buttons. He'd had liaisons with a number of different Stars; he seemed to be something of a connoisseur. She had liked him, though. He was offering 2500 credits for a single night with her. Apparently that was his standard fee for new Stars. His timetable was relaxed-anytime within the next few weeks. Madame Ko had noted a number of promising dates along the side. The first one was in five days. Anna switched to the next picture.

This was the woman she had met at the party, dark, with short hair and a strong build. Matilda Snow. She was a miner, running her own medium-sized company. She was a staunch lesbian, a mother of three, and a very no-nonsense type of woman. She wanted a companion for several nights, and also someone to model some of her new equipment. Her company manufactured top-line space suits for miners. Her date was set for two weeks out, and it was non-negotiable, as she was having an expo then for her equipment. Anna went to the next picture.

This was she didn't remember as well, but she had seen him at the party, and he had bid on her in the beginning, a Mr. Daevian Atchester. He was an attractive young man with dark hair pulled back into a braid and light eyes. He was the son of a mining magnate, but apart from that there was very little listed about him. He was offering 1000 credits for an evening with her, not even close to Riory's bid, but Madame Ko was urging her to accept it since he might become a regular. Apparently he was new to Madame Ko's Stars; Anna was the first he had ever bid on. He wanted her company in a week.

The other offers were all 500 credits or lower for an evening, and the Madame firmly discouraged her from taking any of them. If she established herself as cheap, no one would pay higher prices. Anna glanced over the names and smiled when she saw an offer from Jamie. She brought it up. It was 100 credits (My life savings!) for a dinner. The grin on his face in the picture assured her that it was probably meant as a joke, something to keep her remembering him. 

There was a final note at the end of the dossier with a schedule attached to it, showing Madame Ko's suggestions for the next few weeks. First Riory in five days for a single evening together (dress elegant), then Daevian two days after that for another evening. She'd have almost a week off then before getting together with Matilda for three nights. I know it's hardly a full schedule, but as you're seen more, more people will offer for you, Madame wrote. If you accept my suggestions, make your mark at the bottom of the contract and I'll make the arrangements. If not, come up with something of your own and present it to me soon. After considering for a moment, Anna signed her name. It was as good as anything else, and it left her with plenty of free time to do...something. She sighed. Nothing would make her happier right now than to be out there in a suit of her own, weightless, effortless, one more point of light in the endless dark. It might be nice to have a suit of her own...

It was a thought. What to do now, though? She didn't need to clean up and her room was neat and organized. A desire for company struck her. Anna pulled an airy sage-colored silk tunic over her tank top and leggings and walked barefoot down the hall to the Wardrobe. Piano music filtered out into the hall. As soon as she arrived, the Harriman AI pranced over to her, momentarily abandoning the Star he had been with.

"Elsie, darling! How did it go?"

"Very well," she replied with a smile at the silvery figure.

"I knew it would, I just knew it. Feeling well, darling?"

"Very well, thank you."

"Good. Are you ready to try some new tricks?" Harri smiled, showing gleaming silver teeth. "I reviewed your performance and I thought of a few little ways we could tweak it to make it more spectacular."

"That sounds fine, but please, finish what you're doing first." She smiled again. "I'm in no hurry."

"Lovely, darling, lovely. Just sit anywhere, it won't be too long."

"Thank you." Harri went back to the other Star, which at a second glance appeared to be Morgianna, and she was none too happy about being abandoned. She shot Anna a glare and tossed her long dark hair over a shoulder. Anna ignored her discontent and moved over towards the piano, where Giovanni was playing. Anna had spent one of her nights with him before the party, and he had made her laugh the whole evening.

"Elsie!" He smiled when he saw her. "Hey there. Come and sit down, tell me about your first contract." He made some room for her at the piano bench without ceasing his play. "If you want to, that is."

"Hi, Gio." He had asked her to call him that the first night. She sat down next to him, not as shy now as she had been the first time they met. He was shorter and smaller than her, and his skin was creased with laughter lines all around his eyes and mouth. He felt comforting to be around. She'd found out that his modifications were mostly neural, giving him extremely fast reflexes, useful when he was performing magic tricks. Even as he gave her a friendly hug, his free hand was moving fast enough on the keys to play both parts.

"So?"

"It went well, I think. Varan seemed pleased."

"That's all you can ask for," he said philosophically. "That and oodles of cash. And chocolate. Eternal worship is always nice-"

"Oh, Gio, cut it out," Anna laughed. "It went well enough."

"And I'm sure the Madame has set up more for you."

"Three more. She told me it wasn't very much..."

"It's enough to keep an artificial environment over your head, and that's the important thing."

"I suppose." She just watched his hands for a moment, moving with lightning speed over the keys.

"Can you keep it up, kiddo?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well," Giovanni, said, keeping his eyes on the music in front of him, "being a Star isn't for everyone. It's just barely for me. No one would blame you if you paid your debt and took off for something better."

"I don't have anywhere else to go," Anna replied. "And without money, I have no way to get somewhere else anyhow. I think I'll be okay for awhile."

"Well, if you ever need a friendly shoulder to cry on, a sympathetic ear, an enthusiastic cock, you know where to come to."

"Gio, you're too kind." Anna rolled her eyes.

"Get used to propositions," he told her seriously. "Stars practice with each other. With Cris as a roommate you'll probably get all the practice you need, but keep an open mind."

"I will," she told him, blushing a bit. He smiled to see it. 

"Good." He pounded out a fast beat on the piano. "Can you dance to this? It'd be a pretty picture."

"I'm not much of a dancer," Anna said apologetically.

"What? With that figure? It's not like it's hard. Hang on." He set the piano onto autoplay and stood up. "Come on, get up. I'll show you enough so that you don't embarrass yourself." He held out his hand. Anna took it and they walked to the center of the room. "Just follow my lead. Right, left, rock and step, right, left..." He moved her through the basic pattern easily. Even though he was three inches shorter than her, Anna felt like it was completely natural dancing with him. And he was fast enough to keep her from stepping on his toes.

"Good, now a turn." Using one hand, he gently propelled her body beneath their linked hands, then again, then a third time. "Keep your feet on the beat, let the rest of your body listen to me." He began to turn as well, all the time keeping her in the pattern. Anna found herself moving easily to his lead, following his hands, responding to the light touches against her body. Some of the ways that she found herself responding surprised her. How could she want more so soon after finishing a contract? But she had wanted more even then, and she could feel the latent desire catching up to her. Giovanni seemed to feel it as well. Instead of brief touches, his hands were stroking her now. When they came close together, he pressed a kiss to her neck. Anna laughed and let herself enjoy the sensations. After all, Stars did practice together...

"And now, the finale." Giovanni put his arms around her waist and lowered her towards the ground in a dip. Anna's hair brushed the floor as she arched, keeping one hand around Giovanni's neck. When he lifted her up again, she could see a matching desire in his eyes. "Perhaps not quite the finale," he murmured. "Harri can work with you another time, yes?"

"Yes," Anna agreed.

"Then why don't we go back to my room?"

"I'd like that," Anna said with a smile. Holding hands, they quietly left the Wardrobe together and walked to his room down the Men's hall. He pressed the entry, and the door dissolved before them. Giovanni's room was fairly dark, set up to be mysterious-it suited his image as a magician. The bed against the wall was covered with a black comforter, and Giovanni sat Anna down on it and sighed.

"You have a look any artist would love." 

"Flatterer," Anna replied. Strangely, she didn't feel nervous now. Not with Gio. It was just being with a friend. A friend she desperately wanted. Giovanni caught her expression.

"A little impatient?"

"Just a little." 

He laughed and leaned in close to her, then kissed her full on the lips. Anna wrapped her arms around his torso and closed her eyes, savoring the feel of him. He applied gentle pressure; Anna leaned back onto the bed. It was amazing how fast he had his shirt off. Those heightened responses again. His fingers danced across her bodice, and in an instant the tunic and top were gone, and her breasts were exposed. She had a few bruises from where Varan had gripped her. Giovanni frowned. "Had a rough time of it, Elsie?"

"Not too rough," she replied, remembering for a moment the feel of Varan's hands on her breasts. "Just rough enough."

"I'll remember you like it that way." He grinned devilishly. His fingertips caressed her nipples, pulling them erect. "But I don't have the patience to torment you now. You're beautiful, Elsie..."

"Gio." She shifted her hips. "I don't want to wait. I want you."

"Music to my ears." In a few seconds he had stripped both her and himself of their remaining clothes. He was a small man but he had a good-sized cock, and he stroked it with one hand as he caressed her breasts with the other. "This is what you want, Elsie?"

"Oh, yes."

He moved his fingers down to her sex, playing with her slick folds. "And this is where you want it?"

"Gio, yes!" Anna writhed against his fingers, arching her hips towards his hand. She wanted nothing more right now than a good long fucking; her body cried out for it. Her pupils had grown huge, and her lips were bright pink. Giovanni shook with desire as he watched the woman beneath him abandon herself to him.

"A man could get lost in a woman like you," he murmured.

"Then lose yourself!" Anna whispered. "Just for now. Gio, please!"

He couldn't keep himself from her any more. Abandoning any further foreplay, the elaborate scene he had envisioned, Giovanni pressed his heated body down against hers, positioning his cock in front of her womb. He only hesitated for a moment, then slowly, achingly, pressed himself inside her. The walls of her pussy were tight and amazingly hot, and he groaned as he slid inside, finally buried to the hilt.

Anna moaned. She needed to be fucked so badly now, it was astonishing how much she needed it. Giovanni filled her, not the same way that Varan had, but enough to satisfy her burning need. She wrapped her legs around his waist and held him there for a second, savoring the feel of his flesh deep inside of her. "Gio, mmm..."

"Elsie, baby..." He began to move inside of her, small motions at first, just a shift of the pelvis. Anna rocked along with it, breathing deeply, moving her long-fingered hands along his torso and waist.

"Gio, harder," she breathed. He picked up the pace, pulling further out of her pussy before slamming back in, giving her the quickness that she needed. With his modifications, for Giovanni this meant thrusting in and out of her so fast that it felt for a moment like a vibrator on her clit, and in seconds Anna was crying out, coming hard on his cock. Giovanni felt her pulse around him and slowed down, controlling his breathing and trying to keep himself from getting too worked up. He wanted this to last a while longer yet.

"Mmm, Gio..." Anna opened her eyes and smiled. "That was amazing. I had no idea you could do that!"

"Well, some things I reserve for special people," he said with a grin.

"But you haven't come yet."

"Oh, I will," he said honestly. He picked up her legs and put her knees on his shoulders, propping her bottom up with a pillow. "But this is the position I like best."

"It's...different," Anna allowed.

"Elsie, you're so new to this, there will be hundreds of things that seem different and strange at first." Giovanni smiled at her. "This is a tame one, but I love the angle. You won't see freaky until you get together with Justinian. You won't believe some of the positions he can bend into."

"I'm happy right now just being with you," she said softly. He looked down at her with genuine affection. 

"So am I, Elsie." He wrapped his hands around her thighs. "Get ready for a ride, baby, I'm on a razor's edge right now." He began to move inside of her again, starting slow, building up speed. Anna felt him pressing deeper and deeper inside of her, not quite far enough to hit her cervix, but with her legs closer together this time he felt even bigger in her pussy. His hands gripped her legs firmly, not hard enough to leave a mark, but he kept her in place. All she could do now was lie back and enjoy the sex. He moved inside of her hard, and fast, and with precision. It was nothing like Varan. Varan...now wasn't the time to think about him. Giovanni had his head bowed, eyes closed, moving against her like a piston. Her pussy felt like it was on fire, the sheath of a blazing sword. He fucked her without pause or break, all straining muscle and longing groans and sweet, hard swiftness inside of her. 

Anna came again, her clit buzzing with the rapidity of his movement, and then again. The pleasure became a steady pulsing wave radiating from her sex, and she reached down and rubbed their conjoined bodies, then her stomach, then her breasts, drawing the feelings up with each stroke until every time she pinched a nipple, she felt an echoing pleasure in her clit that made her pussy clench, squeezing Gio's cock tight in warm, wet silk.

Eventually Giovanni tensed, his hands contracting. In a moment he was moaning, pressing into her depths and shooting his seed deep inside of her. He let out a lengthy groan, first with a grimace and then relaxing into a smile as the ecstasy played out from urgent to simply enjoyable. Finally he released his grip, stroking her thighs and smiling. He seemed to sense Anna's uncertainty. "Fuck me, you're a damn fine woman." 

"You're a damn fine man, and we did just fuck," Anna laughed. Giovanni knew just what to say to take any strangeness out of their sudden sexual encounter.

"True," he agreed, pulling out of her slowly. "Not too much friction there?"

"I'm fine," Anna replied. She reached out and stroked Giovanni's arm with one hand. "Thanks, Gio."

"My pleasure. Any time. Any where. Any place. Any...space."

"Oh, lovely, thanks for that!" Anna laughed again.

"Well, I might not be the one to introduce the other ways to you, but I can't wait to help you practice." He grinned. "Come on, Elsie. Let's clean up."
