 For those of you who haven't read any of the earlier chapters, it's not a bad idea for plot's sake, but I hope you enjoy it regardless. Also, I have heard and obeyed-longer chapters, more mention of Varan. Thanks for the feedback, I love hearing from you.

***

Later that afternoon, Anna met with Harriman. He swanned over to her, silvery and sultry. "Elsie, darling! Are you ready this time around?" He shook his finger teasingly. "No more distractions?"

Anna blushed. "No more distractions," she promised. "What did you have in mind?"

"I'm thinking we need to sex your act up a bit," Harriman replied. "Now that people have been introduced to you and know what you can do, we need to add a little spice. Almost all the Stars use some sort of apparatus as a sex toy, something to enhance their allure. Morgianna has the firepots, Cristi has the lasso, Justin bends about on a tiny table top...Victoria can do some amazing things with her harp, let me tell you. Your most familiar apparatus are obviously mining equipment, and everyone seemed favorably impressed by your rope work. You know how to move on the ropes. Now you need to learn how to dance on them." He had already set up three ropes at two foot intervals, maybe twenty feet long. "If you're feeling limber enough, my dear, I want you to climb up there. When you climb, though, think about doing it slowly, alluringly. Make it sexy. I'll play some music, and I want you to find the soul of the song and move to it."

"Harriman, I really don't know how to dance," Anna warned. "Gio showed me a few moves the other day, but it was nothing like what goes on with the ropes."

"There's no one way to dance!" Harriman exclaimed. "You can do it a million different ways! All I want is for it to be sexy. Find ways to support yourself and show some leg, do some bending, give us a little striptease. Move in time to the music. Make love to yourself on the ropes. No one else is here right now," he pointed out with a silvery smile. "And I'm a hologram, so there's no reason to be embarrassed. Just do what feels good, and we'll come up with specifics later." With a gesture, the music was on. It was slow and smooth with an easy beat, but still low and suggestive.

"Ok." Anna walked over to the ropes, rubbing her hands together. She wrapped one leg around the rope and started to climb.

"Sexy, darling, sexy!" Harriman encouraged her from below.

Anna slowed down. Sexy. Okay then... She started climbing again, only this time, she moved like a wave, undulating her body from top to bottom, coming to a stop and leaning back, rubbing her thighs suggestively against the rope as she moved up and down. She ran her free hand through her hair, which she had left partially down, then across her side and down to her thigh. Her face was flaming crimson, but Harriman didn't seem to notice her discomfort."

"Beautiful, darling!" He applauded up at her. "Try some transfers now."

Anna reached out her free hand towards the rope behind her, drawing it to her and around her body. Once she had it wrapped around her waist, she fell lightly back, unraveling it very slowly so her upper body slid lower than her hips. She kept one thigh around the other rope and arched her back, letting her hair fall beneath her. The feel of the rope sliding between her thighs was enough to remind her that she hadn't gotten off earlier in the day when Cris had, and as she moved she let the heel of her foot brush her pussy, just enough to make her tingle a bit.

Anna, while strong, could only stay on the ropes for about twenty minutes without tying a secure knot, so after a few more songs, she swayed back down the rope, trying to do it slowly, to hide the tremors in her arms and shoulders as she reached the ground again. She brushed her hair back and looked at Harriman. He had one hand on his chin. "Well?" she asked apprehensively.

"Elsie," he said slowly, "If I could bottle you and sell you, I'd make a million credits. You have a look that's so innocent, but so totally sexy at the same time. You have no idea how strong and beautiful you look up there. It made me hard, and I'm an AI, baby. That was very good. We'll work on it some more before Madame's next party, and believe me, you'll have more offers than you can handle. Now," he clapped his hands together, "On to the costume!"

***

It was a few days later when Cris decided to take Anna shopping. Anna was more than a little surprised. "I thought we never left the Star's complex," she said, surprised.

"What gave you that idea?" Cris laughed. "We don't go out to often, because everything we need is right here for the most part, but you're going to have an evening with Riory soon, and you'll have to have the right dress for that. He always takes Stars to his favorite restaurant to dine, and it's a swanky place. I know the best boutique for clothes, and you can certainly afford it right now."

"Well," Anna began slowly, "I was saving my money for a suit..."

"You'll have more money soon!" Cris chided her with a grin. "Besides, when are you going to use one of those now? But you do need a dress. Let me ask some of the others if they want to come with, we can make it a party!" She dashed off.

Anna's experiences in Ceyla City had been mostly bad ones when she was on her own, and she didn't really want to go back out and be a part of it, but she didn't want to disappoint Cris either. She quickly changed into a pair of loose pants and a long, snug tunic that seemed to be in style here, and tied her hair up into a bun. In a few minutes Cris was back, and she was beaming. 

"Okay, it's going to be you, me, Justinian, Ramsey and Nadia. Have you met Nadia yet? She does a water act, it's so totally weird, but a lot of people go for it. She and Delphine were really good friends when she was still here. A few things you should know for when we go out, Elsie. No liaisons with anyone who hasn't paid, Madame gets really mad about that. If someone makes an offer while you're out, they have to contact Madame and put it through as an official contract. No drugs, and no getting blasted. That's pretty much it. We come back here in time to sleep." She grinned. "All the good stores are closed then anyway." Cris threw a chunky red crystal necklace on and stared critically at her appearance for a moment, then nodded. "Good enough."

Anna personally thought she was bright enough to be a real star, with all the glitz she was wearing. She didn't say it, but Cris took in her expression. "I know it's a little over the top, but a lot of this stuff is presents from clients. If they see me out and about wearing something they gave me, it makes them more likely to take another contract. Plus, I like sparkly things. You look very nice," she said encouragingly. "Like a canvas waiting to be painted. I want to dress you all up!"

"I like it a little simpler," Anna explained.

"To each their own, Elsie." Cris leaned over and gave her a soft kiss. "Let's go! There should be a flyer ready out front."

There was a flyer, and the other Stars were already inside of it. Anna and Cris climbed in and they were off. Anna had met Ramsey before briefly. He was tall and broad, and took up one side of the flyer nearly all himself. His skin was dark, his shining navy hair short and tightly curled. He wore a white suit with a ruffled black silk cravat. Cris took one look at him and burst out laughing. "You look like a pimp, Ramsey!"

"Just enhancing my image," he said modestly. Even mostly covered, his gigantic muscles were still obvious. 

"As if it needs enhancement." The slender woman sitting next to him smiled. This was Nadia, Anna surmised. She had long black hair and very pale skin. Her pupils were so large as to block out her irises, and both her lips and nails were slightly blue-tinged. She held out a hand to Anna. "So nice to finally see you, Elsiane. I've been gone for the past week on contract, and we didn't get a chance to meet before."

"It's nice to meet you as well." Anna smiled and shook her hand. Nadia wore a long-sleeved aquamarine dress, transparent around her arms, midsection and legs. The opaque sections shimmered slightly in the light, drawing the eyes to her rounded breasts and smooth thighs. It looked like it had been made for her. Probably had, Anna decided.

Justinian was the last member of their little party, and he looked like he was about to go on stage, dressed in tight fawn colored leather pants and a voluminous white dress shirt. All that coupled with his dark hair and bronzed skin, and Anna could see why Cris had fallen in love with him. 

Now where did that idea come from? she asked herself, but there wasn't much time to think about an answer. Cris was running her mouth at a mile a minute, lavishing her attention about and generally running the conversation. Anna was content to sit and look out the window, watching some of Ceyla go by.

Most of Ceyla City was dedicated to living space. There was a central section of it that held the vast majority of commerce outside of space-related industries, and that was the Promenade. It was a mile-long strip with walking space only, and held all the boutiques, restaurants and some specialty occupations, such as the medical offices where the wealthy had their modifications and anti-aging treatments done. The flyer stopped at the sun-side end of the Promenade, and they all exited the vehicle.

There were a lot of people here, more people than Anna had been around in a long time. She had grown up in near-isolation and didn't feel comfortable in crowds. People made way for someone as big as Ramsey, though, and she followed in his wake, trying not to remember the last time she had been down here, swallowing her pride and begging.

Fortunately the boutique Cristobel had in mind wasn't far along the Promenade, and it was a vast relief for Anna to be out of the bustling, noisy crowd outside. Ramsey heard her sigh. He looked over at her and, completely deadpan, winked. Anna had to smile. "Now you get to see Cris in her element," he murmured to her.

"She's always in her element," Anna replied softly.

"Don't let her talk you into something you won't wear," he advised.

"I'll try not too."

Cris was already viewing the computer screen, scanning through garments by the hundreds as she put in her specifications. It was an efficient system. You told it what you had in mind, and the computer pulled up the pictures of outfits the boutique carried that were similar to your request. "What are you looking for, Elsie?" she called out. "How about something with sequins?"

"Go stop her, quick," Ramsey urged. Anna moved over to the neighboring terminal. 

"It's okay, Cris, I can look." She smiled. "I promise you can help me narrow it down when I find some things I like."

Cris frowned pertly. "But Elsie..."

"Help me instead, Cristi." Justinian stepped up next to her. "I need something to go with my lavender table." Her feelings assuaged, Cris turned to her task and Elsie looked back at the screen. Unfortunately, she really didn't have any idea what she needed. A dinner dress? She stood and stared at the screen, feeling a little lost.

"Who are you going to dine with?" Nadia asked softly, sliding up next to her. She had a way of moving that made it look like she was gliding, completely effortless.

"Riory Mileon."

"Ah, Riory! He's a lovely partner, very interested. He's always eager to try something new." Nadia smiled with a memory. "He was willing to climb into my tank last time, and we had quite a bit of fun then. Riory likes everyone to be themselves, to be different. What sorts of fabrics appeal to you?"

"Well...the nicest thing I ever owned was silk. Real silk, not synthetic," Anna admitted. She saw the screen shift slightly as it took in the information. 

"Silk then. And what color..." Nadia touched her mass of auburn hair. "Nothing too loud, not with hair like this. It's your crown, and no dress should outshine it. Blues would complement you, and tans, browns, soft and earthy colors. Even something dark would be alright, as long as it was done with class. I know. Metallic colors would be just the thing. Maybe a copper, or a bronze."

"Let's look at copper," Anna suggested, and the screen moved again, narrowing the choices. There were still too many to display.

"Now think about your best physical attributes." Nadia smiled. "What do you want to display, and what are you comfortable with showing off? You're a climber, I'm sure you have beautiful shoulders."

Anna had never even owned a dress before, much less one that was off the shoulders. "I'd think it would fall down."

"Most won't, but for your peace of mind, something that fastens around the neck," Nadia suggested. "You don't have much jewelry, so this will excuse you from wearing a necklace."

Anna liked it, and relayed the information. Now pictures appeared on the screen. There were dresses with high waists, slim lines, semi-transparent, sparkling, puffy skirts, bows and bells and more. She quickly eliminated all the ones with sequins and bows, and the transparent ones as well. Nadia suggested she wear something close to her body, to display her figure, so Anna took out the puffy skirts as well. This left only two dresses, and a quiet saleswoman who had been standing by told her she would have them brought out in her size in a minute. Anna turned to Nadia with a grateful smile. "Thank you," she said sincerely. "I've never done much buying for myself."

"My pleasure, Elsiane." Nadia touched her shoulder. "I never force my help on anyone, but always feel free to ask. I've been a Star for seven years now, and I know my way around our world fairly well." She smiled. "I'm the oldest next to Giovanni."

"Thank you," Anna repeated. "I will ask."

The woman brought out the two dresses, and now Anna had Cris' attention. "Ooh, pretty!" 

"I'll go try them on."

"Let me see them when you're done! And we have to hurry, the boys want to eat already." She rolled her eyes.

The saleswoman led Anna to a large room with a full-angle mirror, a couch and a table with a bowl of tangerines and a glass of sparkling water. "Let me know if you need anything," she said before leaving.

Anna took the first dress off the hanger and tried it on. It was lovely and felt good on her skin, but the neckline dived very low, and there were ruffles along the bottom that she wasn't thrilled with. The second dress felt just as good, but the lines were simple, and the v-neck showed only a hint of cleavage instead of the whole breast. "Cris, come in here," she called out.

Cris came in, took one look and whistled. "Nice! It makes you look really tall! Nadia, Justin, come look!"

They did come, and Ramsey came with them. They all expressed their admiration, and in some cases more than that. Anna blushed. "This is it, then." She sighed. "Good, I'm already done with this."

"But Elsie!" Cris exclaimed. "Now you need shoes!"

***

It was another few hours before they got to Pennyman's, the restaurant where Cris wanted to have lunch. Everyone had ended up buying something, which made Anna feel a little better, like she wasn't holding the whole group up. The dress, shoes and two copper chopsticks for her hair had cost over five hundred credits, more than a sixth of her entire budget. She had paled at the price, but none of the others seemed to find it unusual. Pennyman's was a very trendy, popular bistro. They were given a table and air-cushioned chairs by the windows, so they could look out at the people moving below them. They ordered, drinks were brought, and they relaxed and began to talk some about their schedules, passing advice and tricks. Their table attracted quite a bit of attention, since some of them were instantly recognizable. They kept their voices low. It wouldn't do to be heard talking about a client by someone outside their circle.

"I'm off to Ravala in another day or so," Justinian said as he sipped a Serian Bloodlust, a dark purple drink that smoked slightly. "One of my clients is hosting a party, and she wants me there for entertainment. I'll be gone about a week."

"Justin!" Cris pouted. "I thought we would have some time to play."

"We'll have to pack our playtime in over the next few days." He smiled at her, pulling her into a loose embrace. "Just don't exhaust me."

"Sounds like a challenge." Cris giggled. "I don't have another contract until the day after you leave, but then I'm gone for a week as well. Touring Atlantis." She rolled her eyes. "Like I haven't seen that ice ball a dozen times already. It is a pretty moon, though, all those crystal castles."

"I'm actually leaving tonight for a rendezvous," Nadia said, stretching slightly. "Just a single night. One of my regulars just installed a pool, he wants to see me in it." She smiled. "And more, probably. It's my enhancement, you know," she explained to Anna. "I have modifications that let me breathe underwater. The gills are behind my ears. I also have webbed toes, and my body is completely hairless except for this." She touched her dark hair. "It's a fun way to display."

"I'm off for a while." Ramsey shrugged, sipping a gin and tonic. "I'll be modeling in a week, so I don't mind the down time."

Anna didn't say anything. She was looking out the window, and suddenly a person walked by that made her do a double take. It couldn't be...could it? Stefen Melander? He was the son of the other couple they had mined on Koreo 12 with. The Melanders were good people, nearly family to Anna, and Stefen...could it really be him? The man had already passed by. She got up quickly, muttered something about being right back, and took off outside. Could it possibly be? Anna ran in the direction she had seen the man heading, not quite bold enough to call out his name. He was nowhere to be seen. She searched for a few more fruitless minutes, then turned back towards the restaurant, disheartened and embarrassed. Of course it wasn't Stefen. Stefen was dead. Head down, she pushed her way back to Pennyman's and inside.

***

Varan saw the woman run by him, and an instant later identified her by her bright auburn hair. Elsiane. The woman he had been dreaming about for the past four days had suddenly appeared in front of him. Only instead of running towards him she was running away, apparently looking for someone. He watched her from a distance, hidden beneath the awning of a building. She seemed distressed, confused. He wanted to go over to her, to do something to help her, but what could he say? By this time she was certainly more experienced, judging from the reputation of the Stars. Their contract was over, and she was most likely glad of it. There was nothing witty or engaging he could say, nothing touching he could bring up about their time together. Would he mention how he had practically raped her? How he had treated her coldly at the end, making her a stranger again? 

That night after he had taken her back, Varan had sat in the red room for hours, drunk and depressed, fingering his old blades and a cutting laser in a way that scared his conscious self. The next day he had sworn he would never see her again. She was too much of a detriment to his lifestyle. Now, through coincidence, she was before him. He watched her stop for a moment, looking unhappy, before turning back to the restaurant she had left and making her way back inside. She moved so smoothly, she looked so beautiful, sad though she seemed. For a moment she was across from him, then she was past him, then she was gone. He saw her rejoin a group of Stars sitting in the window, smile and shake her head as if to say "Nothing, no one." He watched her go, and felt the pain that accompanied it. Scowling angrily at his weakness, he turned and walked away, ignoring the small part of himself that screamed 'go to her!'
