 As before, if you're new to the story it might help to read the earlier chapters, but I hope the read is enjoyable regardless. Thanks so much to the people who've given me excellent, relentless feedback on continuing:)

***

Anna spent the day following her liaison with Riory away from the Stars' complex, walking by herself down on the Promenade and enjoying just being part of a crowd for awhile. She was nothing special, there was nothing on display. The lack of expectation was relaxing, and if a few people did recognize her they didn't feel comfortable approaching her, and that was perfectly fine by Anna. She shopped a bit and enjoyed the acts staged along the Promenade, each sponsored by a different business that somehow incorporated itself into the display. There were actors who recreated an ancient Earth play about two young lovers using company brands instead of last names. There was an acrobat who flipped, capered and juggled all while wearing a holographic projector that multiplied his image by four, whose outfit was plastered with the holograph company's logo. Even the fire artists spelled out product lines with their molded flames. Ceyla City, Anna decided, was possibly the most commercialized place she had ever been in.

It was mid-afternoon, such as it was on a space station, by the time she was done. Anna had plenty to carry and could have started back then, but she was still enjoying the bustle of people around her and decided to stop in at the Orient, a tea and coffee house that showcased ancient music and dances out of the depths of human history. Women twirling fans and wearing long, patterned robes moved in sinuous waves. A helpful informational tablet at her small table told her that the dances and costumes changed in accordance with the ancient seasons. On Old Earth it would now have been spring, and the dancers correspondingly wore light colors embroidered with cherry blossoms. The air was sweet with herbal fragrances, and Anna broke with her coffee tradition and ordered green tea. It came in a small, delicate white cup, and the steam coming from it smelled delicious. Anna sat and inhaled for a bit, waiting for it to cool and watching the dancers.

"Elsiane!" an excited voice broke through her reverie. She turned to see the source. It was Jamie, the young man she had last seen at Varan's loading dock. "Hey! Sorry, am I interrupting? Are you expecting someone else? Is it okay if I call you Elsiane?"

"Hi Jamie," she smiled. "Sure, you can call me Elsiane, or Elsie, whatever you like. I'm not expecting anyone. Sit with me." She grinned suddenly. "We can call this your dinner date, but let me treat."

"I hope that didn't bug you," he said as he sat down. 

"I thought it was kind of funny," Anna replied. "How are things going at the docks? Did Varan take care of his emergency?"

"Emergency?" Jamie's face was puzzled. "There haven't been any emergencies, not for months."

"I thought one of his ships was having some sort of trouble..."

"Nope! All in tip-top shape. I should know, I help maintain them." He noticed Anna's sudden discomfort and quickly changed his tone. "Not that I know all that much. I'm the low man on the ladder. The boss has better things to do than share his troubles with me."

The waitress saved Anna any further discomfort. Jamie ordered an espresso drink after Anna insisted that she treat him, and she took the opportunity to sip her tea. It was delightful, much more delicate than the coffee she had grown up with, and the taste was like a flower blooming inside of her. Jamie eyed her doubtfully. "It can't be that good," he protested.

"Try it."

He sniffed it and sat back. "No thanks. I like something strong enough to take the enamel off my teeth, otherwise what's the point?" The waitress brought back his quadruple-condensed espresso, barely enough to fill a thimble, but he picked it up and threw it back. "Just what I need before a double shift," he said hoarsely.

"Jamie!" Anna laughed. "You barely had time to taste that, let alone enjoy it."

"I enjoy it for the effects, not the taste." He coughed once, then brightened. "So, enjoying yourself?"

"Pretty much."

"Havin' some fun?"

"Definitely."

"Umm...everyone wants to know...how was the old man?" Anna stared steadily at Jamie for a few long moments before he flushed. "Sorry, sorry, prying question, my bad, sorry."

"Well," Anna relented with a little smile, "Just between you and me, I'd say he's an expert at whatever he sets his hand to."

"Hah!" Jamie crowed. "I knew it!"

They passed a pleasant half hour in the Orient before Jamie sighed and told her he had to leave. "Back to work," he sighed, his eyes bright with the warm glow of condensed caffeine. "I can do it now, though. I have sustenance. You saved me." He bowed over her hand.

"Jamie, you're such a clown." Anna pressed her credit slip against the bill and the exchange was made. "I'll see you around, okay? Don't operate any heavy machinery tonight."

"Hardly any at all," he promised. "Do you need any help with your packages?"

"No, I can manage." She did let him hold the door for her, though. "Goodbye."

"Farewell, my munificent benefactor."

"Jamie, stop trying to impress me with your vocabulary." Anna headed off down the promenade, one fairly-heavy bag in each hand. She walked slowly, absorbed in thought. Varan had said there was a problem with one of his ships...only Jamie didn't remember anything. Not that Jamie was the most reliable of sources, but still, that left only one real conclusion. Varan had wanted to get rid of her at the end. The thought made her moody and depressed, and Anna stumbled along, blind to her surroundings, barely aware of the direction she was headed. 

A small service vehicle bore down on her, horn blaring. She leapt to the side of the boulevard and into an alley, jarred back into wakefulness by the near miss. It was then that she sensed the presence of someone else. The tell-tale sounds of someone trying to be quiet... She turned to look, but a hand closed around her throat, muffling any screams she tried to make. She dropped her bags and raised her hands to defend herself, to tear the hand away, but then she felt a sharp impact on the back of her head, and her world went black.

***

Jamie was on his way out the door of the teahouse when he noticed that Anna had left her credit strip on the table. It didn't really matter, it wasn't like anyone else would be able to use it, but it would be a pain to replace. She couldn't be too far ahead of him. He grabbed it and headed out the door. There in the distance was the auburn hair. He picked up his pace and went after her. 

Jamie wove through the crowd, gaining on Anna. All of a sudden, she was gone from his view. Where could she have...he came a few steps closer. Her packages were strewn across the ground, but there was no sign of their owner. He ran up to the packages, looked wildly around. "Elsie!"

She was lying on the ground in the alley. In the shadows Jamie could see another figure running off into the distance, but there was no time to go after whoever it was. He knelt quickly next to Anna, checking frantically for a pulse. "Elsie! Can you hear me? Elsie!" She was still breathing but out cold. A small puddle of blood leaked onto the ground from her head. "Oh shit," Jamie breathed. "Help me! Somebody help!"

***

Madame Ko sat beside Anna's hospital bed, glowering. Her presence was enough to frighten off all but the most necessary physicians, so she had the space to herself. She sat and thought, in a logical way, which was the only way she knew how. The boy who had found Anna had told her and the authorities that she had been attacked. There were no viewing devices in that alley, so no way of telling whether his story was absolutely true or not, or even if he hadn't perpetrated the attack himself. But she didn't think so. The boy was far too innocent and earnest, easy to read. She believed that he had happened upon Anna trying to return her credit strip. 

What she was having difficulty figuring out was who was behind it. Anna's original kidnappers had to be far away at this point, and there was hardly any motivation for them to come after her again once she had escaped their grasp. That left someone who knew her personally, and since all her friends and family from her old life were dead, it hardly seemed likely. What remained was either one of her recent patrons or a hireling of theirs. Someone jealous, perhaps, someone she had accidentally spurned or somehow displeased. It was uncommon, but it had happened in the past.  

Madame Ko flipped through her mental rolodex of Anna's patrons and acquaintances. It was a short enough list. The only person Anna had expressed any sort of strangeness over was Varan. And it was his employee who recovered Anna. Interesting. Had she perhaps angered him in some way? Angered him enough for him to want to hurt her? It didn't seem likely. Madame Ko's ears did perk up when a nurse announced that a Mr. Varan was here to see the girl. He pushed through the door a few moments later, ignoring the madame and zoning straight in on Anna.

He came to her side uncomfortably, moving in a blocky, rigid way, as if he couldn't believe what he was seeing. "Elsiane." One hand made a move towards her face, but he drew it back as he finally noticed his company. "Madame."

"Sir." Madame Ko smiled coolly. "How fortunate that one of Elsiane's patrons cares enough to visit her in the hospital. And how rapidly you discovered her, as well."

"Don't play with me, Madame," Varan growled, seeing through her pleasantries. "My employee found her. Of course I heard about it. If you think I had something to do with this, you're way off course."

Madame Ko and Varan had known each other for a long time. After looking at him for a moment, she dismissed her suspicions with a wave of her hand. "I know you didn't. I'm simply at a loss as to who did. You're the only one volatile enough to consider at a moment's notice."

"Well, think again," he snapped.

"Why are you here?"

"I don't see where that's your business, Madame."

"Elsiane's business is my business. I need to know all the particulars of her relationships in order to better monitor her safety and needs. Providing for her is my job, just as hers is providing for me." She smiled again. "Are you fond of her?"

Varan didn't answer the question. "How long will she be unconscious?"

"Not long. She had a concussion and a shallow laceration. The doctors have taken care of the swelling and gave her a painkiller laced with a minor sedative. I expect I'll be taking her back to the compound in another half turn or so."

"What will you do to keep her safe?"

"I haven't decided yet."

"Let me look after her."

"Out of the question."

"Why?" Varan demanded irritably.

"Because your interests are clouded," Madame Ko replied. "Because I cannot vouch for your reliability. Because it is not your business or concern."

"If you think I would harm her, or allow someone to harm her..."

"It is merely a question of priorities." The madame spoke decidedly. "I can't keep you from putting a mechanical tail on her in the public areas of Ceyla City, but none are to follow her inside here or on any of her jobs, she stays in my custody, and I respond to any threats to her welfare. Those duties are part of my contract with her. Understood?"

Varan was silent for a long moment. "Understood," he said finally. "Just...keep her safe."

"I'll do my best, as always." Madame Ko replied, then pursed her lips. "You are fond of her." Varan didn't say anything. He didn't even look her way. It was confirmation enough. "She has two more contracts booked over the next few weeks. If you like, I'll allow you to bid for her remaining debt after those contracts are settled. It's very possible that she'll leave this lifestyle once she has the means to do so, so if you're at all interested, I recommend you take my offer."

Varan was silent for a long moment, a monolith gazing without seeing at the wall in front of him. "I'll consider it," he said at last.

"Very well, but consider quickly." She wondered, for a moment, whether she should tell Varan about Anna's interest in him. She didn't have the chance to decide. After another glance down at the sleeping girl, he turned and left through the narrow door as quickly as he'd entered.

*     *     *

"You're sure you're fit for the contract tonight, Elsiane?" Madame Ko asked her seriously. "You still seem pale."

"I'm fine." Anna assured her. In reality she didn't feel completely fine, but she had been in bed for the last day and she felt the need to be up and moving. "As long as he doesn't ask for anything too athletic," she added.

"I doubt it. Mr. Atchester is known for his love of society. Most likely it will be nightclubs and dancing. If you feel ill at any time, let him know and inform me. You shouldn't risk compromising your health."

"I won't, Madame." 

"And you will immediately report any uncomfortable or dangerous physical contact," Madame Ko continued. "I know you don't remember the attacker, but something might come to you while you're out."

"Yes, Madame."

"Good." Madame Ko looked at her critically and adjusted one of the jeweled barrettes in her hair. "You look very nice. I'm glad to see you're developing your own wardrobe. Cristobel's things wouldn't do for you at all."

"I completely agree."

A flyer pulled up out front. It was very nice but fairly small, and the driver was Mr. Atchester himself. That surprised Anna. She was sure he'd be the chauffeured type. He was a very handsome young man, with long black hair and a tight-fitting black suit, glowing with ever-changing fiber optic patterns. Very retro.

Anna walked down the steps to meet him. "Good evening, Mr. Atchester," she said with a smile.

"Call me Daevian," he replied with a strange grin as he took her hand. "How are you, Elsiane?" He looked concerned for a moment. "I heard about the attack-"

"I'm fine, but thank you for asking." 

"Good! That's really good news. Shall we go, then?"

"Certainly." He held the door as Anna got into the vehicle, then went around to the other side himself. He started the car, and they set out. Anna was surprised to notice that they were heading away from the social center of town. She glanced over at her newest client. He was around her age, maybe even less. And he was nervous. He pulled at his collar like it was too tight, and wouldn't meet her eyes. That didn't sit with the image she had of him as a party animal. 

"Where are we headed, Daevian?" She glanced around. They were getting into the industrial lots, warehouses for businesses and repair shops. How odd. For a moment her heart lurched in her chest. What if he was the one...

She didn't have long to wonder. Running one hand nervously through his hair, Daevian glanced over at her. "Umm...actually, I kind of need your help with something."

"My help?" Anna was surprised. "What could I help you with?"

"Well...umm...it's kind of hard for me to explain." He raked his fingers through his hair again, staring forward. "See...my father sent me away for a few months to learn some of the basics of mining, since it's his business and I'll have to take it over someday. I got kind of...sidetracked." He caved under her gaze. "I spent two months partying on Se'Chendla. I know I should have gone through with it, but I just..." He shrugged helplessly. "And now I'm back, and I think he's suspicious because he wants to see some of what I know, and the problem is, I don't know anything! Nothing practical! There's no one I can go to for help, everyone knows my father, and if he finds out, I'm seriously fucked. He'll take everything away from me. So when I saw you at the party and found out you were a miner, I thought...well, here's my chance! Stars are supposed to be discreet, right? And you could show me what I need to know, right?" He turned hopeful, desperate eyes towards her.

Well, this was totally different from what she'd been expecting. He was genuinely distressed, she could see that, and she was being paid for this, but... "Daevian, there's no way I could show you enough in one night to make you a safe miner, much less a leader of a mining team. It would be too dangerous for you and everyone else in the crew."

"No, no, that's fine!" The momentary panic that had covered his face faded. "I'm not going to be leading anyone, I'm never really going to be a miner! My father just wants to see that I understand the basics. You know, easy machinery, piton setting, a little rope work. That's all! Please say you'll help me."

Anna couldn't help but laugh a little. "I'll help you as best I can," she replied. "But why are we out here?"

"One of my father's training facilities is out here. It's where his miners test up in certification levels," Daevian explained. "It's closed right now, but I can get us in. We can go through the basics there. If anyone finds out we went there, I could just say I was showing you something I thought would interest you. Is that okay?"

"That's fine," she grinned. "I hope I can teach you enough to satisfy your father."

"Seriously, just the basics...I can tell him I'm tired, I have a headache, anything and he'll believe me as long as I know the basics. I had a complete nervous system overhaul as a child, and sometimes my body reverts." Anna would have followed through on that interesting line of conversation, but then they arrived at the training facility. It was a warehouse much like Varan's docks, but outfitted more decoratively. Daevian parked the flyer and escorted Anna into the building, keeping a sharp lookout for any people. They made their way quickly to the training room.

It was a smaller version of what she had worked with at Varan's. Anna nodded appreciatively. "This will be fine. Is the equipment at hand?"

"In the cases on the table." Daevian walked over to them and opened them up. He looked at the contents helplessly. "I don't know what half of this stuff is."

"That's okay," Anna said soothingly. She glanced inside. Nothing out of the ordinary. "Lets start with the pitons. Do you know about the different grades of rock?"

"What?"

"Different densities. The higher the grade, the sturdier the piton has to be. There are different pitons for different grades. If it's H-1 through H-3, you use a Standard #1 piton." She pointed it out. "H-4 through H-7, you use a #2. H8 to H10, you use a #3. Anything harder than H10 is generally industrial diamond mining, and I don't believe your father's company does that."

"H for hardness, got it."

"Do you know how to operate a lifter?"

"No!"

"What about a space scooter?" They had been a trendy toy when she was a child, not that her family could have afforded one.

"Oh...sure."

"They work almost exactly the same way. Let's assemble this one and I'll show you."

Anna and Daevian spent the next five hours working in the facility, practicing everything from tying knots to building the lifter to casting pitons of different grades. As they worked, she told him about the most common types of mined minerals, everything she knew about his father's company and whatever he could add, making sense of it from an economic point of view. "Because most of what your father mines is for industry, there's less of an emphasis on making everything perfect," she explained as they took a break, sipping on jinseng tonics from a cooler. "Industrial miners have to look after their own safety, but it doesn't matter if the rock is in gravel or slab form for the most part. Most systems have outlawed clearcut demolitions, so we won't worry too much about setting charges or anything."

"You're brilliant," Daevian sighed. Anna looked at him with an amused smile. Over the past few hours, he had transformed from nervous playboy into eager schoolboy. 
