 Contains tentacles, futanari, foot & sock fetish, body distortion, cum inflation, impregnation/breeding.

Recommended that you read the first chapter.

*

I woke up to a sudden jolt in my womb. My eyes were heavy and I was still exhausted from the fucking Annie gave me. Then, there was another jolt from within my womb, I was starting to get scared. I gently pushed Annie off of me, her tentacles seemed to have retracted as she looked like a normal, naked human female now. I looked at the time and it was only an hour that I had slept. I couldn't see quite well in the darkness, but I felt heavy, probably from all of Annie's cum in my womb. I went into the bathroom and turned on the light.

I went to scream, but nothing came out. I was pregnant. At least I thought I was. I poked my swollen belly and it was hard. I was sure of it now, that I was pregnant. My belly couldn't have been so hard if it was from cum. I was really scared now and was definitely not prepared for this. I ran back into my bedroom and shook Annie to wake her up.

"Annie! Annie, wake up!"

"Mm..what is it, hun..?"

"I think I'm pregnant! With your child!"

"That tends to happen when we have sex and I cum in you."

"Annie!"

I flipped on the lamp.

"Look at me, I look like I'm 9 months pregnant already! Why? You've got some 'splainin to do!"

"Oh, geez.. okay sit down on the bed."

Annie sat up as I sat down on the bed.

"Look Lily. You obviously know that I'm not human. The reason I came here was because my planet is in danger. My planet name doesn't even matter right now, you most definitely can't say it. You see, there was a war between my kind and another. We lost that war, and trillions were killed. We only have about a couple hundred thousand beings living in my planet."

I was awestruck. Annie was an alien? She doesn't look like an alien at all, except for the tentacle part. There was a long silence before I said something,

"So why..why Earth?"

"Your planet, or human species are very similar to our kind and are the only species we can properly mate with to repopulate."

"So.. you're just using us?"

"No, don't say that. I love you Lily, I'm not going anywhere. Our leader, made us swear an oath to find a mate on Earth, stick with that mate and breed to help repopulate. We swore not to harm or force you humans to do anything you don't want to do. But it's quite hard when you're this attractive."

Annie put her hand on my thigh, her hand was warm and I started to think about Annie in her tentacle form. When suddenly, another jolt came from inside my womb yet again.

"Agh, this is so annoying! When will it stop?"

"It should stop any moment. Your fertilized egg starts to develop as soon as I pull out of you. Does it hurt?"

"No, it's just really irritating."

"Well, it only takes an hour to develop. It's that quick, then you'll have to give birth."

"What?! It's been about an hour already!"

"Then anytime now. Lily, I'm glad that you're not so freaked out by this.."

"I think I should be, but I'm really fine. If it's for you, Annie, then I want to help repopulate your planet."

Annie smiled at me and kissed me. I slid my tongue in her mouth and we made out for a few seconds before I felt another jolt... then pain. I was about to give birth.

"Oh, um.. Lily, I just want you to know, it's not going to be a human child coming out of you, it'll be a large egg."

"That's fine, ughh.. just get this thing out of me!"

Another sharp pain struck me and I screamed. Annie held her hand out for me to squeeze and I pushed. With just one push though, the large egg came out quick and was all slimy.

"Wow.. that was.. quick."

Annie smiled at me and picked up the large egg. She stared at it with her beautiful blue eyes. They soon turned pink and started to glow. Then in a flash, the egg vanished!

"Wha.. what did you do, Annie?"

"I sent it back to my home planet. We can't raise our young here, they'll be too many and someone might notice. The people left at my planet will take care of them."

"Oh.. okay."

"Go sleep now, you need rest before I get you pregnant again."

Annie put on a wicked grin and lay next to me, her soft skin pressing up against mine. She put one hand on my breast, softly squeezing it and I slowly drifted off to sleep. The next morning, I woke up in the afternoon, refreshed. I saw that Annie had already gotten up, I stretched and got out of bed. I headed for the bathroom but then I could hear moans coming from it. I couldn't help but giggle, Annie was pleasuring herself. I decided to go get something to eat so I looked for my socks. But they weren't on the floor, where I had put them last night. I decided to go barefoot then as I had carpet anyway, but socks are just more comfy. I made some toast and then sat on the couch to eat it.

Annie came out into the lounge a short while after and she looked flushed. I put on a big grin.

"Did you have fun in there?"

"Oh.. you could hear me?"

"Mmhmm, I could!"

"That's a bit embarrassing.."

I laughed and continued to eat my toast. Annie walked over to sit on the couch with me, but my legs were taking up the whole couch. Annie then picked up my feet, sat on the couch, then put them on her lap and started to massage my feet.

"What are you dooooing?"

"I have a foot fetish... remember?"

"Oh yeah, go crazy."

"Heh, I did."

I gave Annie a confused look.

"When? While I was asleep?"

"No, just then. In the bathroom I had your socks."

"That's where they went! I was looking for them."

"Sorry, do you want me to get them for you?"

I nodded. Annie had this devilish smile on the whole time, I couldn't help but wonder why. She then came out with my white slouch socks. They were soaked. Annie gave them to me and I put my empty plate down.

"Why are they wet?"

"I... had a little fun with them."

"I realized that.. but why do they smell heavily of cum?"

Then it hit me, Annie must of put my socks on her tentacles and jacked off in them. I looked up at her, still holding my cum filled socks.

"You are a dirty whore, you know that?"

Annie laughed loudly.

"Sorry, I couldn't help myself! They just smelt so good, with your sweaty aroma and the hint of cherry lotion. Put them on!"

"What?! I'm not going to put these on! Here put them in the laundry hamper."

Annie raised an eyebrow and had a half smile on. She leaped at me, grabbed my socks and forced them on my feet. She was incredibly strong, maybe that was because she was an alien. Annie got off me, we were both laughing. I wiggled my toes and could feel her cum all over my feet. It felt like I had stepped into a puddle, ankle deep.

"Feel good, huh?"

"Um.. I guess?"

I laughed again, then took a moment to admire my feet. It actually felt quite good. Then Annie pulled my socks off.

"Enough now! As much as it turns me on to see you in your cum filled socks, take a shower now then we can start breeding."

"You want to start already?"

"When were we going to start? You can give birth every hour, that's like 20 eggs since there's 24 hours in one day."

"I don't think I can be fucked 24 hours straight, Annie."

"Just please take a shower, I'll wait on the bed."

I headed for the bathroom, I couldn't believe it, but I really wanted to get fucked again since it felt so good last time, so I ran for the bathroom. But just before I closed the door, Annie was on the bed,

"Oh look! Your gym socks!"

Annie pulled them out of my shoes, they were balled up and were black ankle socks. She pressed them up to her nose and inhaled deeply.

"Oohhh, even smellier than your white slouch socks."

Annie was sniffing them like crazy. I giggled at her then went to have my shower. I had a quick one too, maybe 5 minutes. I got out, put my feet lotion on, dried myself etc. I came out naked, as there was no point having clothes on. Annie was sitting on the bed with her tentacles released and her huge cock, fully erect, was waiting for me. I smiled and quickly got onto the bed. I was just about to lay down before Annie pulled me up. I gave her a confused look.

"Wait, hold up. Maybe you can do some foreplay for me. Ever heard of a footjob?"

"Umm.. yeah. Do you want me to give you one?"

"Yes, my cock is already lubricated because that's just how they are."

"I know, your tentacles were all slimy when they were fucking me too."

Annie lay down on the bed, I leaned on the headboard and sat between her legs. I positioned myself properly and lifted my feet up and slid my toes down her huge cock from the tip to the base. Annie bit her lips and let out a soft moan. Annie's cock was much to big to fit through my closed feet, but that was okay. My high arches had the correct curves to slide up and down her cock perfectly. I started to rub my feet up and down using my arches. Annie moaned and cooed. It got me turned on as well. I stroked her cock for a good 5 minutes straight, my legs were really tired. I knew it takes a long time for her to cum from her cock, but I had to keep going. The whole time, as I moved my feet up and down, it made a "schlick" sound which kept a smile on my face. Her cock stood erect straight up, so I didn't have to use one foot to support it.

"Annie, I'm getting really tired."

"Ahh.. Okay.. I'll fuck your feet instead then."

Annie got on her knees, put her hands on the tops of my feet and started to fuck them, thrusting in and out of my arches. She was moaning loudly now and was thrusting quite fast. She gripped the tops of my feet harder and continued to fuck my feet. About 10 minutes past,

"Lily, Lily, I'm gonna cum. Here put your toes over my cock head so you can catch all my cum on your feet."

Annie lay back down and I scrunched my toes on her cock head. The first few spurts of cum shot on the underside of my toes which stung a bit, but then the rest of the spurts came out smoothly and quickly smothered my feet. More and more kept spurting out, I couldn't believe what I was seeing. My feet were absolutely smothered and some of Annie's cum was oozing down to my calves. Annie was breathing heavily. We both took a long moment to admire Annie's work on my feet.

"Wow.."

Was all I could say. I brang a foot to my mouth and started to suck on it.

"Oh yeah, lick my cum off your feet."

Annie smiled as her chest heaved up and down. I continued to lick my feet until most of her cum were gone, down into my stomach. A few minutes past and then Annie got on her knees.

"Okay, I'm good. Are you ready to get preggers again?"

Annie smiled wickedly.

"I think so."

I lay down and spread my legs for her. Annie immediately pushed her cock into me. I screamed in pleasure as she kept on pushing into me mercilessly. In seconds, she was all the way up to my womb. I looked down and smiled at my distorted belly. Annie did also.

"That's so hot.. I'm gonna fuck you so hard."

I grinned wildly as her tentacles quickly went to the body parts they were going to fuck. I opened my mouth and a tentacle went straight in and started to fuck my mouth at a steady pace. 2 found their way into my hands and I immediately started to jerk them. 2 wrapped themselves on my breasts and started to suckle on my nipples while one started to titty fuck me. 2 quickly twirled themselves around my thighs then started to fuck my knees. Finally, the last tentacle wrapped itself around my feet and started to fuck them.

"Oh yeah, that's good Lily."

Annie started to move in and out of me. With each thrust, I moaned into the tentacle in my mouth, loudly. Annie was moaning as well. This time, I really wanted to be fucked, so I was enjoying much more than last time. Each of her thrusts gave me an immense amount of pleasure. It wasn't long before I had my first orgasm. I moaned loudly, almost screaming, my body tensed up as I came. Annie continued to fuck me as hard and fast as she could as I came. I took a moment to listen to the sounds that her tentacles and her cock were making fucking me. Each tentacle seemed to have a life of its own, and with each thrust, they made a high pitched noise followed by the "schlick" from the slimy tentacles rubbing against my body parts. The sound Annie's cock was making was louder and a little deeper though. On top of that, Annie was moaning and squealing in pleasure while fucking me. It was like I was having an 'eargasm.'

After a long while of straight fucking, I felt my second orgasm come along. I screamed into the tentacle in my mouth as I came again.

"UUUUNNNNGHHHH!!"

"Y-Yeah? Feel good? Aah.."

Our eyes were locked as we watched each other moan and scream in pleasure. I watched her breasts bounce as she rammed into me as hard as she could, then pull out for not even a split second before ramming back into me, hard. I looked down at my belly, and watched her cock head go up and down inside me. When Annie pulled back, her cock head was still visible, just a little less was showing, but when she rammed back into me, her cock head and a very slight bit of her shaft was showing. That's how hard she was fucking me, and it was pure pleasure for me.

About 5 minutes past of straight ramming in and out of me and I could tell that Annie was coming close to exploding, I couldn't wait. I sucked and jerked her tentacles as hard as I could, trying to get them to cum. Annie was fucking me so hard and fast, I swear her cock was going to tear through my belly, but it didn't. My belly just kept on being distorted by her rough fucking. This kind of fucking made us scream in pleasure.

"Lilleee!! I'm going to cum! Almost there! Aaghh!"

I couldn't say anything as a tentacle was roughly fucking my mouth, so I just kept moaning and screaming, but it wasn't like I could help it. Then, the tentacles in my hands exploded. My hands were covered in cum. I wiggled my fingers and felt the sliminess of it, it felt great. I quickly lifted the tentacles to my mouth, but most of the cum shot at my cheeks. Then, I looked down at my breasts, knowing that the tentacle titty fucking me was next to cum. I watched it thrust between my breasts, before pulling back, disappearing between them and then thrust out again, but this time, sending out a strong, thick spurt of cum onto my neck and chin. I watched the tip of the tentacle's cock head in joy as more cum just kept on spurting out. Shortly after the tentacle in my mouth slowed down, and I braced myself for the first few spurts which are always strong. It felt like a while before the tentacle came, quite suspenseful, but then I felt the first spurt and I swallowed immediately. The taste was so sweet, I couldn't get enough. This time, I got all 15 spurts down my throat without any dribbling from my mouth. All while I was doing this, Annie was still fucking me as hard as she could.

I put my palms on the headboard to hold myself, and the tentacle in my mouth slowly pulled out and went limp on me, allowing me to squeal and moan more clearly now.

"Ohh god!! Aah! Annniiieeeee! Cum in meee!"

"Haah, I'm trying!! So close!!"

"Impregnate meee!! I wanna bear your chiiilldreeenn!"

When Annie heard me say that, I swore she sped up a little bit and start to ram into me even harder.

I lifted my head and watched my belly bulge up and down from Annie's rough fucking, I got turned on even more, just the sight of it got me so hot. I was starting to like the idea of body distortion. I watched for a few more seconds before I felt something at my inner thighs. The tentacles fucking my knees and squeezing my thighs were about to cum. Since they were twirled around my thighs, I felt the cum travel through the tentacles, all the way around my thighs then spray under my knees. The tentacles then unwrapped them selves and continued to cum on my legs, the spurting sounds and sight of cum shooting at my legs or anywhere, got me so hot.

I knew that the tentacle fucking my feet was next now. I couldn't see it, but I tried to focus my attention on it, sliding in and out between my toes and the long shaft of the tentacle at my arches. Then, I felt it, the cum traveling from my heels, through my arches then spurt out all on my toes. I actually felt the tentacle expand a bit between my arches as the cum traveled to the tip. Feeling it, felt so good. More and more cum kept spurting out, and my feet were coated. I wiggled my toes, it felt great. The cum was now oozing down my calves.

Now, I put all my attention back at my pussy, Annie was ramming into me with all she had, maybe even harder than last night. I longed for my womb to be filled with her cum again, I wanted her sperm, I wanted to be impregnated. I screamed, moaned and squealed in pleasure as she roughly fucked me, and so did she, trying to reach orgasm as fast as she could. I looked down again and watched her massive cock ram in and out of me at an amazing speed and merciless strength. Annie really wanted to cum in me, so much that she probably wouldn't even stop if I tore apart because she was fucking me so hard. Then Annie screamed out,

"Ohhh!! Aahh!! Here I cuuumm, straight into your unprotected womb!!"

"Uugghh, yeess!! Insiiide mee!!"

"Impregnation time!!"

With one final, very, hard thrust, Annie came. I felt the very first spurt of sperm laden semen hit the wall of my womb, and I closed my eyes knowing that I was impregnated, and then enjoyed every spurt of cum filling my womb. I felt every spurt go into me, all 30. I could feel every spurt travel from the base of her cock, through her shaft then out her cock head and into my womb. I also had my third orgasm. Spurt after spurt was released into my womb, I was extremely turned on that I could actually feel her cum travel through her cock and into me. I then opened my eyes to the wonderful feeling of my womb starting to inflate, full of cum. I put on a huge grin, as it continued to inflate. Annie and I looked down at my inflated belly.

"Oh yes, Lily. Don't you think its hot how your womb is inflating with my cum."

"Yeah. Yes, I do."

After releasing her cum load into me, Annie rested on top of me. We were both breathing heavily, and I was totally fulfilled. Annie started to nibble on my ear and whisper.

"That was too good. I love knowing that I can impregnate you when I fuck you. It turns me on like hell."

"Yeah, same here, Annie. I love that first spurt of cum that goes into my womb, because then I know it's too late and I'm going to be impregnated."

We lay there together for several minutes, resting. I was rubbing my inflated belly while Annie slowly and gently moved in and out of me. She was lying her head on my breasts and her arms were around my back. Then she got up.

"Phew, ready for the second round now, Lily?"

"What?!"

To be continued...