 I gasped, quite loudly when Lily said she knew I was there. How did she know? The door was ajar, and it looked totally like she was focused completely on Annie. 

"Come on now Cleo, come in..."

I hesitantly walked in.

"Being a peeping tom now, are we? And I see you were having some fun yourself while watching us."

I gasped again and looked down at my skirt. It was flipped up with my panties showing. I was so embarrassed, I just wanted to run out then and there, but my legs didn't move.

"She's a real cutie, Lily. I wouldn't mind doing her."

My eyes widened as Annie's tentacles darted at me, lifted me in the air and slammed me down on the bed. I screamed loudly. I was so scared at this point. Lily saw me shaking and smiled gently at me.

"Don't worry Cleo, it'll be the most pleasure you'll ever be given."

"N-no.. please stop.."

I was terrified now. I looked at Annie's cock. It looked even bigger up close. There was no way in hell that it would fit inside me. I was shorter than both these girls, about a head shorter. Them being the same height. I looked into Annie's eyes, and they were filled with lust. Her wicked smile was a bit scary too. I then turned my gaze to Lily. She seemed like she was in a trance, controlled by her lust. Lily started to take my clothes off, but I pushed her hands away with my own.

"Hey, come on Cleo! Let me."

"No.. stop it, I don't want to.."

My voice was shaking as I spoke. Lily kept on trying to take my clothes off, but I kept pushing her away. That was all I could do to stop her. That was when Annie said,

"Come on Cleo, let us ravish you. You'll love it."

It was then one of her tentacles wrapped around both my wrists and pulled my arms over my head. The tentacle was also slowly moving in and out of my palm. I knew that I was helpless and just started to cry. Lily then leaned over and kissed me. I stopped crying immediately. I suddenly felt safe. I have always wanted to kiss her again since the last time we made out. She was just that one person I wouldn't get over. We continued to make out, our tongues entwining with each other. I then felt a lot of her saliva go into my mouth. I swallowed then broke the kiss. Lily grinned and then stared into my brown eyes.

"I love using lots of saliva when I kiss."

After saying that, she licked my cheek and grabbed my breasts. I was shocked when I realized I was naked except for my socks. Annie must've undressed me while Lily and I were making out. I did feel much more calmer after Lily kissed me though, so I lay there and let them ravish me. It wasn't like I could stop them at all now. Lily began to suckle on my nipples and squeeze my breasts and I couldn't help but moan in pleasure. Her lips were so warm and her wet tongue felt so good. She was squeezing my breasts really hard, but I didn't mind at all.

Annie was sniffing my socked feet. She inhaled my sweaty aroma and I could tell she was extremely turned on, because of the pre cum that was appearing at her cock head.

"Oh god Cleo, your feet smell incredible."

Annie then started to worship my socked feet, sucking on them. After awhile, she peeled my socks off and tossed them to Lily who started to suckle and sniff them too. Annie then started to worship my sweaty bare feet. Sucking on my toes, licking my arches and heels, before putting her cock between them. Two tentacles then headed for Lily and she put one of my socks on each tentacle and started to suck on them.

"Oo, Lily that feels good.."

Annie started to fuck my feet at a quick pace. Her hands were on the tops of my feet and her huge cock was between my arches, sliding in and out of them. She was moaning and mumbling under her breath at how good it felt, and to be honest, I was getting highly turned on as well. I could feel myself getting really wet. Lily was jerking one of Annie's tentacles with my sock and sucking on the other one, which also had a sock on it. This went on for about several minutes.

"Oh god, I'm so close. Your feet just feel too good!"

Lily then squealed as the tentacles she was sucking and jerking off exploded. I watched as one of my socks started to get filled with cum, I could see it getting wet. Lily then pulled the socked tentacle from her mouth.

"That was amazing. The taste of cum and your sweaty aroma, Cleo.."

Annie then moaned loudly and came all over my feet. Spurt after spurt kept on hitting my soles. Annie held my ankles and rubbed my feet against her cock head, so that they were covered with cum. My toes, arches, heels and even the top of my feet were covered now. Lily quickly crawled over and slipped my cum filled socks on my feet. I squealed as the cum was squeezed out and oozed down my calves. Lily quickly licked it up and then started to suckle on my feet.

"Alright.. Shall we get started then?"

I knew what Annie meant. She positioned herself on top of me and smiled devilishly. Lily put my legs around Annie's waist, then continued to worship my feet. I was still scared, something so big couldn't possibly fit in me. The tentacle that was binding my wrists together unwrapped themselves, and then all of Annie's tentacles descended on me. One went into my mouth, the softness and taste of it's pre cum was surprisingly delicious. Then, two went for my hands, which I slowly started to jerk. Two started to squeeze my breasts, then twirled their way up to suckle on my nipples. One then squeezed between my breasts and start to fuck them. Then, two more wrapped around my thighs and twirled themselves up to my knees and started to fuck them. Finally, one lone tentacle wrapped itself around my heels, through my arches then between my toes, which Lily started to suck on as well as continuing to worship my cum filled, socked feet.

"Are you ready Cleo?"

I shuddered and took a shaky, deep breath. There was no way out now, Annie's eyes were very lustful and her tentacles had already taken their positions to pleasure themselves. I nodded and then Annie aimed her cock right at my pussy. I braced myself and then felt her cock head entering my pussy. I could feel myself stretching, more and more as she forced her huge cock into me. When her whole cock head was in me, I was in pain. A lot of pain. 

"Ugh, you are so tight Cleo, I can barely move."

The tentacles in my mouth pulled out, allowing me to speak.

"Well.. I've never been with a guy before.. Only girls."

"You're telling me that you're a virgin?"

The tentacle re-entered my mouth and I nodded.

"Wow, that explains why you're so tight."

Annie scanned her eyes on my body.

"Oh my god, you are so small and cute! I feel like this is a crime to put something so huge inside you, especially since you've never had a cock inside you before."

Annie looked at me for a few more seconds before she leaned over, putting her hands beside each of my breasts and forced more of her cock into me. She grunted and pushed as hard as she could. I squealed like crazy, I was getting stretched to the maximum, I was surprised that I wasn't split in half already. I looked down and could see the shape of her cock in me. Annie grinned at me and continued to force herself into me. I squealed again but louder this time.

"Oh my god you are too cute! Are you trying to make me go insane?!"

It couldn't be helped. My squeals were just automatic, I find it very strange that I can't suppress my moans. Annie was about a third of her length inside me when she hit my cervix. She hardly stopped when she hit it though. She put her hands on my shoulders and then pushed me down, trying as hard as she could to enter my womb. I screamed this time, as I felt her cock enter my womb. Annie moaned loudly in pleasure. She was all the way inside me now. I looked down at my belly, which was greatly distorted. I could see the shape of Annie's cock and a bit of her shaft. With Lily, it was just the cock head that was visible.

Annie started to move in and out of me now, but at a slow pace. She had to really use her strength to move as I was so tight. She moved slowly though, moaning softly as she did so. After a few minutes, the pain had subsided somehow and was turned into pure pleasure. I thought I was going to go insane, it just felt so good. I came instantly, not only just from Annie's slow thrusts, but from all the tentacles around my body ravaging me, and Lily worshiping my cum filled socked feet and the tentacle fucking them. Annie grinned, knowing that I just came, she picked up the pace, and began to fuck me much harder and faster. I was moaning now, very loudly, almost screaming in pleasure. I looked down and saw that my belly was insanely distorted.

I could see the shape of Annie's cock clearly from within me. It was kind of turning me on. No, it was really turning me on. Not just that, but the whole idea of being fucked by tentacles and Annie's huge cock turned me on so bad. I was so horny, I started to jerk the tentacles in my hands like crazy. I twirled my tongue around the head of the tentacle in my mouth, sucked on it hard, trying to help it reach it's orgasm and cum into my mouth. That's what the tentacles were trying to do anyways, reach their orgasms and then cum on and in me. I helped them by letting them use my body to pleasure themselves. I looked into Annie's pink, lustful eyes, completely focused on me. She was moaning and squealing quite loudly too as she pounded away at me.

I thought I was going to go crazy from the pleasure. I came again, only just after a few minutes from my first orgasm. I screamed into the tentacle in my mouth as every muscle in my body tensed up as I came. Waves of pleasure flowed through my body, then subsided as I finished cumming. I was very sensitive after cumming, but that didn't stop Annie. She continued to pound away at me with all her strength, filling me with more pleasure even though I just came. Okay, I was pretty sure that I had gone crazy from the pleasure, it just felt too good. I was still surprised how a small body like mine could've taken such a rough, but very pleasurable fucking. And for my first time too.

I was moaning and squealing louder now, as Annie came closer to her orgasm. She rammed her cock in and out of me as hard and fast as she could making the bed rock violently, while moaning loudly as well. I looked down at my belly, still not believing how it could stretch so much to allow Annie's cock head and a bit of her shaft to be seen. She was fucking me so hard, I could already feel another orgasm building up fast. Then the tentacle in my mouth traded places with the one in my left hand.

The tentacle quickly entered my mouth and surprised me when it spurted it's first cum shot into my mouth. The semen spread across my tongue, showering my taste buds with sweetness. It tasted amazing, so I immediately swallowed, drinking the cum like water. I was thirsty after all. Spurt after spurt was shot into my mouth, causing my cheeks to bloat a bit. But I swallowed quickly, taking huge gulps down but still being able to taste the sweetness of the cum. Then the tentacle withdrew from my mouth and lay limp on the bed. At the same time, the tentacle in my hand exploded and covered my hand in a few spurts before darting into my mouth to cum. I guess it was allowing me to take a short breather.

I was more then happy to swallow another load of cum, every drop I swallowed made me crave for more. Finally, after I swallowed that tentacle's load, the tentacle originally in my mouth re-entered to give me one last load to drink. All while I was drinking, Annie kept on ramming in and out of me. Then, the tentacles at my breasts reached their limit. They squeezed my breasts hard, causing me to squeal very loudly, and then smothered my breasts in cum. The one titty fucking me came also, covering my neck and chin with thick threads of semen. Shortly after, the tentacles at my legs unwrapped themselves and shot their loads onto my legs, trying to cover every spot. Finally, the tentacle fucking my feet and being sucked on by Lily came. She swallowed most of the load down quickly and then let the last few spurts bloat her mouth up.

"Cleeeeoo!! I am so closely to cumming inside you!!"

"Cum, you deserve it for ramming in and out of me for so long!"

"Oh yeess, I'm gonna cum spurt after spurt of sperm laden semen straight into your unprotected womb, my sperm fertilizing every single one of your eggs, impregnating you."

We both cried out as we came together. Annie thrusted extremely hard into me as she came, making the bed creak loudly. I felt the first spurt travel through her cock, to the head then into my womb. Then I felt another. More spurts of cum filled me up and my womb quickly started to inflate.

"Oh god.. finally... finally impregnated you.."

I was in shock now. Annie's a girl! How could she get me pregnant?! Then again, she probably is an alien. I looked down at my inflated womb, it looked like I was already several months pregnant, but it was just full of cum. I started to think about it.. that amount of cum would have millions of sperm, swimming around penetrating every one of my eggs. I couldn't afford a child right now, but it was already too late, from the first spurt that entered my womb.

"No.. how could you not tell me that I could get pregnant, Annie?"

"What? Of course you can. And you will be."

She then saw the scared look on my face and then told me everything about her. About her planet, about how I'd give birth an hour only and to an egg. I was so relieved then. Annie then pulled out of me and admired me. I was smothered in cum. She then headed for the bathroom to clean up. Lily then crawled over to me and put her hands on my cheeks. I got ready to kiss her when I noticed her mouth was bloated. Our lips and tongues met and then I felt a sweet and slimy liquid pour my mouth. It was cum. I put my arms and legs around her as we swapped the cum around in our mouths, savoring it in our mouths before swallowing it. Lily then pulled away and we smiled at each other. She began to lick Annie's cum off me. From my face all the way down to my feet. I quite liked being completely covered in cum though. It was an amazing sensation that I would not mind at all to be done again to me.

"How come she only fucks us one time? I'm tired, but I could sure go again."

"Wow Cleo! I'm usually exhausted after just one time. Well, out of respect for us, she stops after once, maybe twice. With her sexual stamina, she could fuck us for hours."

To be continued..