 They lower Enid to the ground so she can stand on her feet, but the exhilaration overwhelms her and turns her knees to jelly, causing her to falter and end in a half-sitting position on the floor. The voices behind her collectively 'oh!' and go silent. Her escort squats down again, hooking their hands below Enid's arms and lifting her up before she can have a look at their face.

The giant carries her deeper into the foreign lair, expanding the picture beyond their broad shoulder as Enid peeks over it: several muscular, giant women follow them, all furrowed brows and eyes squinting - curious and possibly, suspicious, about their foreign visitor. All of them are dressed in the same attire; black padded vests, military green baggy trousers and belt buckles fitted with holsters containing an array of weapons and gadgets. 

Enid is overcome with emotion, having to take in the sight of strange, novel surroundings and beings, their penetrating stares, the sensation of being carried about by a person three times her size, and the distinctively warm smell of sweat threatening to break through on the giant's skin. She feels lightheaded. 

A familiar voice grabs her attention - it's the one who discovered and inspected her at the foot of the wall. Despite their conversing in a different language, it is clear to Enid that the examiner is being inundated with questions from her peers, as they huddle around her, switching their gazes from her to Enid, and back to her.

Promptly, the carrier crouches and sets her down on a comfortable, large cushion, almost like a small futon. Enid instinctively clambers backward over the puffy mattress till she is sitting with her back to the wall, facing the crowd of women that now grows quiet as they cagily advance toward her.

Every single one of them is over 7 feet tall, some perhaps even closer to 8. They approach slowly, listening to the examiner caution them about Enid's disposition. Enid looks to the Carrier, who is currently closest to her and thus poses the biggest possible threat. Carrier, like all the others, has a dark ebony skin-tone. Under thick, black and perfectly-shaped brows, their eyes are big and dark as the sky outside, and their black hair had very recently been shaved off completely; an elegant fit for the strong jaw and prominent cheekbones. From the septum of their nose hangs a silver ring just big enough to curve around and on either side of their bottom lip, similar piercings. Their earlobes had been stretched big enough for one of Enid's fingers to fit through, and they had driven thick, wooden spirals through. Nothing about Carrier's facial features makes it easy to determine their sex.

Examiner is quite similar with regards to strong facial features, with the main differences being the colour of her eyes, which are olive-green, her thick, black curls that threaten to hide those striking eyes almost like the dishevelled hair of a careless schoolboy. Her nose and not-as-prominent cheekbones are adorably littered with freckles, making her appear much softer and approachable than Carrier, who has yet to manage a friendly expression.

With respect to overall physical appearance, they are uniform: broad shoulders, long legs and exceptionally muscular bodies all-around. Examiner eventually comes to her knees on the futon and reaches out to Enid, repeating the same word used to calm her down before. Enid flinches, at which point, Examiner retreats and says something to another giantess, who leaves the room in a hurry. 

Another incites a conversation between the lot of them and they altogether begin removing the padded vests they had been wearing, revealing the rest of the original uniform: tight-fitting beige tank-tops - no bras, as is made evident by the shadows of their nipples standing erect beneath the fabric and the way their breasts moved naturally when they moved. Enid pays special attention to Carrier's chest; having the question answered at last when two proportionately small lumps bounce free - the nipples extremely prominent and dark, making it very difficult to avoid staring at them.

The one who left comes rushing back into the room with a bowl and plate, and hands it to Examiner, who then holds it out to Enid. It appears to be a kind of soup with slices of bread to accompany. Carrier's intense gaze follows every movement Enid makes as she carefully takes the plate. It is nearly impossible for Enid to avoid locking eyes with her every now-and-again, wondering what that serious, almost critical, expression means.

To avoid causing offence, Enid begins to eat the food she was given; dipping the toasted bread in the thick, orange soup and biting off a small piece at first, in fear of perhaps choking on an unforeseen flavour. It's delicious. Having taken one bite, her attention is swiftly diverted to how hungry she had become, prompting her to continue eating, despite being regarded attentively by a horde of giant women. Fortunately, they are soon reminded of their official obligations and return to their posts on the wall or behind monitors displaying live streams of the area beyond it.

The only ones who stay close are Carrier and Examiner, the latter grinning contently as Enid has her fill of the bread and soup. They exchange some words, and Carrier leaves them to return to her post at the top of the wall. Examiner rises from her crouching position to slowly settle in next to Enid, whose breath is momentarily taken away by the sheer size of the woman. In a deliberate, non-threatening gesture, she reaches around Enid's shoulders and cosies up next to her. 

Examiner's breast brushes against her cheek and she feels herself glow red again, but doesn't resist in fear of offending. Too nervous to take another bite, she sets the plate down carefully next to her, at which point Examiner reaches over to take it and put it on the floor next to her, momentarily smothering Enid with her breasts as she does so.

With both hands free and the length of her arms allotting wide-ranging access, she retakes her inspection of Enid; starting with her face. She raises her head again with her index finger so that they make eye-contact and runs her thumb lengthways over Enid's lips. Having such an up-close view of Examiner's face, Enid is dumbstruck by its attractiveness; the brightness of her viridian-coloured eyes, the symmetry of her nose, the smooth semicircles of hair framing her face and conforming harmoniously with the position of her ears and jawline, her full lips with their naturally-occurring gradient of pink and beige, and her ebony skin of which the only disruption is the multitude of dark freckles stretching from the end of one cheekbone to the other.

A wide, sincere grin only does well to enhance her pure beauty. Why would she be grinning like this? Did she notice Enid inspecting her in return? Did she hear her gulp down the saliva that had gathered in her throat? Enid flushes - quite noticeably - inciting Examiner's thumb to travel up towards her cheeks where it tests the temperature of the glow that has suddenly appeared. The grin grows wider, as if to indicate her becoming aware of Enid's coyness. 

She runs her long fingers down the side of her face and then combs them through her hair before moving on to the rest of her body. With no trouble, she lifts Enid up and over one leg to sit her right up against her groin, between her legs. Her strong upper arms secure Enid's shoulders in place, leaving both hands free to roam as they please.

Enid's breathing picks up. The extreme intimacy proves nearly too much for her but she bears it out of fear, being aware of how easy it would be for the giantess to hurt her - or worse. Sensing her distress, Examiner gently strokes her cheek while repeating "shh..." the first familiar uttering she's heard thus far. 

Before she can commence her re-examining of Enid's comparatively miniscule body parts, a stern voice can be heard accompanying deliberate footsteps into the room. It's a heavy-set giantess dressed in a semi-formal looking outfit, though still seeming battle-ready like the rest of them. Perhaps she is someone important, like a general. She strides towards Enid and addresses Examiner in a less formal tone.

Examiner responds, almost dreamily, still cupping one of Enid's hands in her own. General kneels down to have a closer look and continues the short dialogue with Examiner. Two other giantesses are called over. Examiner hands over the two little hands and Enid is pulled up, at which point she shrieks and begins to struggle against them. 

Glancing back at Examiner, she realizes how quickly she had grown attached to the inquisitive amazon. The desperation on Enid's face upon looking back brings this very reality to Examiner's attention and she is on her feet in an instant, insisting that it would be better if she carried Enid herself. She crouches beside Enid, strokes consolingly up and down her arm and drapes it around her neck before scooping her up and holding her like an injured little girl.

They follow General outside, where Enid is given a clear view of what must be the entire city, as the scene appears nearly inexhaustible. It is a sea of overgrown trees and shrubbery sparsely decorated with skyscrapers of unusual designs that Enid had never seen before. They bend and curve in harmony with the enormous trees. Some of them bend at sharp angles halfway up and slither amidst the treetops, their support being large, round pillars that function doubly as support for light fixtures.

She is carried into an elevator, still accompanied by the others, and gets a top-to-bottom view of the foreign landscape through the transparent glass walls. When they step out, the two guards walk out in front to keep the curious residents at a distance. They all seem to respect the request for them to give space. But stare, they do - at the trembling, dirty little human cradled in the giantess's arms like a scared child.

They follow a winding rock-lain path to a large, round building with stone walls. Inside, a rosy scent along with a sudden rise in humidity wraps around them like a soft blanket. The space is divided into sections with something like collapsible canvas. And inside one of these sections, there is a large tub with a showerhead above, and a bench with built-in drawers beneath it. 

With the time being early dusk, only a few women can be heard chatting and scrubbing. Examiner lays Enid down on the bench, where she sits herself up against the wall again, ready to defend herself if necessary. One of the guards open a faucet and plugs the drain in the tub. Examiner holds out her hands and waits for Enid to take them so she can pull her up onto her feet. She then reaches for the straps of her dress - presumably to slide them off her shoulders - at which point, Enid whelps and crosses her arms over her chest, clutching the straps and pressing her hands on her shoulders as tight as she can.

The guards and General exchange words, their voices laced with puzzlement. Examiner, already schooled in the ways of Enid, implores them to leave the two of them alone in the bathroom. With the three of them gone, Examiner speaks softly to Enid - albeit in words she cannot decode - reassuring her once again that no harm will come to her, and that she can remove her clothes without fear. Getting no reaction, Examiner decides to lead by example, and starts by unbuckling her pants.

Enid tenses up at the sound, being reminded of the man who got ready to rape her at the foot of the wall. Now, she is on the other side of that very wall, hearing the same sound, but the circumstance is completely different. She watches the tall beauty exposing herself part-by-part; the long legs, the chiselled abdomen, the perfectly proportionate breasts - each with a small ring through the short, chocolate-brown nipples. 

Enid gnaws on the inside of her bottom lip. Examiner finally removes her underwear to expose a dark triangular patch of hair, not much to look at, but Enid still does. Examiner smiles, noticing Enid's flushed cheeks. She holds her palms open in front of Enid and nods, gesticulating that it is her turn to undress. Seeing no other option and figuring that a bath is in order after the whole ordeal, she makes the decision to comply, and slides the silk dress's straps off her shoulders so the entire thing drops to the ground.

She covers her breasts immediately, which is no task at all since they are in proportion to her petite frame. Examiner takes to stroking her arms again, uttering strange words with a smile on her face and in her voice. Her breasts are now directly in front of Enid's face, distracting her just enough for Examiner to slide her hands through Enid's little knickers and pull them down. The palms of her hands caress Enid's thighs as she lowers into a squat. Enid being somewhat petrified needs a hand on the back of her leg to remind her that she needs to step out of her underwear.

She flushes anew at the thought that Examiner has a clear view of her private parts, and squeezes her thighs together when she notices her looking rather intently at the -much smaller- triangle of hair. Why would she be looking at her like that? Enid lets go of one breast to cover her parts instead, giving Examiner a chance to behold the small, pink nipple she just set free. To Enid's great relief, she suddenly remembers the running water, and closes the tap with only centimetres left between the water and rim of the tub. 

She tests the water with her big toe. Enid takes the moment of not being fondled or gawked at to remove her shoes and socks. Being in the water would mean being less exposed than she is now, she figures, and readily takes Examiner's hand to follow her into the steaming water. The heat is quite welcome at this cold hour of the morning. 

Just before stepping inside, Enid notices that the tub is much deeper than she had anticipated. Examiner turns around and stretches both arms out as a signal that Enid can simply lean into her hands and be lifted into the tub. She has her stand on a step inside the tub that runs all along the wall in a circle and allows her to stand up without being completely submerged.

Examiner takes a sponge from the stack standing behind the faucets and squirts onto it a dollop of liquid soap from a large dispenser affixed to the wall. She commences with the scrubbing; starting with Enid's face and moving down to her neck and shoulders. When her chest and upper back are both lathered, Enid is picked up and seated on the edge. For a brief moment, Examiner's breasts are pressed up rather firmly against Enid's as she is lifted out, bulging at all sides as their softness gives way to her chest.

This close contact with Examiner ignites a feeling in Enid that she never thought existed - in her at least. She is amazed at her how quickly she is starting to grow comfortable in such an overwhelming situation and feels that she may even become keen on this level of proximity with the attractive giantess. It takes tremendous focus for Enid to keep certain thoughts out of her head, thoughts no female is ever allowed to have where she comes from. 

Enid follows Examiner's hand as she scrubs away at her arms and hands, moving to her breasts - her heart pounds behind them as Examiner runs the sponge slowly and gently over them, grazing the nipples a few times till they become stiff and darken a shade or two. Upon fully recognising their increased sensitivity, Enid shivers and nearly slaps Examiner's hand away. Whether she hates or loves the powerful sensation is unclear to her.

When Examiner reaches around to clean Enid's lower back, one of her breasts come to rest atop her clenched knees. Enid bites down on her bottom lip again. They're so soft, so much softer than they look. The piercing in her nipple is hard against Enid's thigh, and perhaps the nipple as well though it's not as discernible. 

She stands back, giving Enid a better view of her breasts again. Enid's legs are scrubbed from hip to knee, and her feet lifted out of the water so she can be soaped up all the way to her toes. She loses her balance when the leg is raised, and quickly blocks the fall by slamming a hand onto the floor behind her. Examiner frights and grabs a hold of her waist, clutching the sponge with only her pinkie and ring finger. For a moment, she dons a deeply concerned expression, and breathes out in the shape of another gorgeous smile when she is certain that all is well. For the first time, Enid returns the smile.

Examiner puts her hands together as if in prayer and slides them in between Enid's soapy thighs, her expression turning serious as she anticipates Enid's reaction. Very deliberately, she exerts enough force for Enid's knees to part and her parts to be exposed. Surprisingly, Enid does not fight or try to cover herself - she's been anticipating this moment since the beginning of the bath.

Enid takes a deep breath and leans back to rest on her elbows, figuratively raising to Examiner the white -or pink- flag of surrender. Examiner seems very pleased with the progress Enid has made with regards to unnecessary coyness and rewards her open disposition with tender strokes up and down her inner thighs. Enid's heart feels like it will burst through her ribcage. She is more than capable of taking it from here and washing herself, but simply doesn't want to. The idea of having Examiner go there now exhilarates her.

At first, Examiner runs the sponge up and down over the outer lips. She then rinses the soap off her hands and off Enid, leaving the sponge to float around in the tub. She moves closer so that her breasts press up against Enid's parted knees and scoops another handful of water over her. When Examiner's fingers begin to roam around, Enid lowers to the ground completely and shuts her eyes. 

She feels the gentle pressure of Examiner's thumbs pulling her labia apart to let the water trickle through the details of her vulva. Her thumbs run down the inside between the inner and outer lips, turning water into secretion as Examiner repeats the motion a few times. Enid's hands are balled into tight little fists as if to hold captive her inhibition and anxiety. The washing concludes, and Examiner takes a moment to simply behold Enid's rose-coloured intricacies, still holding taught the outer lips and scrutinizing the protruding little clitoris.

The next moment, she flattens her tongue against the swollen clitoris and manages a single lick before Enid squeals in shock and drags herself away to cower with her back against the drawers. Bewildered, she watches Examiner snicker mischievously and lick her lips as if trying to hide the wicked smirk. She steps out of the tub and squats in front of Enid, who finds it hard to look at anything that isn't Examiner's spread-open vulva.

She cups Enid's jaw in her hand and soothingly strokes her cheek with her thumb. Her facial expression and gentle caressing convey an apologetic disposition. She leans in and kisses Enid on the forehead, then her cheek and slowly plants a seemingly innocent peck on Enid's lips.

Examiner's lips are full and soft and flatten out around Enid's lips. She can feel the breath from her nostrils against her cheek and the firmness of her grip on her jaw. The kiss is so deliberate and gentle that it does not even occur to Enid to feel affronted and attempt evasion. In fact, the length and tenderness of it is enough to make her lubricate anew and secretly wish for it to last longer, or for Examiner to retake the action that startled her in the first place. 

When Examiner withdraws to smile guilelessly at Enid's innocent and childlike mien, Enid feels almost compelled to return the kiss. Of course, the compulsion is ignored as its mere existence in her mind does nothing more than to shock her. Instead, she runs her fingers over her lips as if the action would assist in her contemplation of these circumstances.
