 Author's note: Hey, thanks for reading. I've had this idea in my head for years and decided to stop being lazy. This is the first thing I've written out with intent to submit, and my first submission to anything ever. Any feedback is appreciated. All characters are of legal age. 

Also, there are sweaty girls with big fat horse dicks involved, weird science-y stuff, and more to come. If that's not your thing, this isn't your kind of story. Next chapter will be up soon, just wanted to get some feedback before I really get in to the meat of it. 

***** 

The first thing I can remember is the fog. It was like trying to walk through a sea made of blankets. I could feel a pull from inside it, and when I pushed back, pieces would fall through. The sound of glass shattering. The spine of a bus, tearing in half. Hints of some event, something powerful. That was all there was for a while, just sounds and blurry pictures. I couldn't tell how long it had been before it started to happen, but the fog soon began to push back. Pain. Not constant, but short, intense bursts. I would get images of a small, white room, filled with people. I'd hear them talking, but couldn't make out any words. It felt wrong. I felt wrong. Or, what I could feel did, at least. Suddenly, after who knows how long, it all snapped to black. Like an old CRT TV. 

Reality came back quick. Too quick. Lighting through my whole body. My eyes opened, and I found myself staring down at a long, black counter. I had been resting my head on it, evidently. Where the fuck was I? I blinked, rubbing my eyes. I was still adjusting to the brightness. My body felt heavy, slow, and not to mention sore. As far as I could tell, I was the only person here. In front of me there were four other tables, identical to the one I was sitting at. The walls were lined with cabinets and shelves, with a few sinks. The tables had electrical outlets built in to them, about eight to each counter. There were stools positioned in front of the tables, roughly one for each outlet. Were there other people here? Where were they? I looked again to the front of the room. Two windows, a desk, and a blackboard covering the back wall. It was sunny outside, but I couldn't tell what time it was. There was this gnawing, at the back of my head. Little fingers in my brain. This room seemed familiar, somehow. 

I looked for a door, and found one on the back wall, just to the right of where I was sitting. I got up off the stool I was on, but when I did, something under me shifted. I felt a weight pulling on me. A sudden dizziness pulled me back down onto the table. I felt pressure on my chest. This was wrong. I felt so wrong. I pushed myself back up, shaking it off, and staggered to the door. I couldn't find my center of balance, and had to lean on the wall. I reached the door and pulled it open. 

I was now in a long hallway, lined with doors on either side. My vision blurred as the dizziness came back, and the hallway in front of me seemed to stretch on forever. It was at this point that I saw something I recognized across the hall: A bathroom sign. Sighing with relief, I threw myself across the hall's tiled floor, nearly collapsing against the bathroom door. I managed to open it, and pull myself in. On my right was a long line of peach-colored stalls, opposite a row of sinks. My heart jumped as I finished tracing them to the other end of the room. There was someone else in here. Finally, another person! 

"HEY!" 

I called out. 

No response. 

They were staring right at me. 

A twinge of awkwardness bit at my stomach. I knew I was being weird, but I was sure the person at the back of the room would understand once I explained. I began moving along the stalls. Oddly enough, the other girl did too. 

"I think I'm sick, can you help me?" 

Again, silence. 

We were getting closer. 

Goosebumps. 

"I just woke up and can't remember anything, can you tell me what time... it... is?" 

I felt ice, cracking in my veins. 

It was a mirror. I was looking at a mirror. 

That was me. But it wasn't. Was it? I couldn't remember. It all felt so wrong. 

I stuck my arm out. So did she. It had to be me. But it couldn't be. This was impossible, I think? What the fuck was happening? Why couldn't I even remember what I looked like? "She" was wearing some sort of school uniform. Green sweater, red tie, black skirt, and pantyhose. Looking down at my arms, I saw the green. I pulled at it. It stretched. This had to be some kind of fucking dream. I turned to face the sinks, and the row of mirrors above them. This only confirmed, yet again, that this was my reflection. My hair was long and red, done up in a ponytail. Deep brown eyes, pale skin, a few freckles. And my breasts. They were huge! Each at least as big as my head. There was no way this was real. I pinched my face, hard enough to draw blood, and it sure as hell hurt. What the fuck? There's no way. No fucking way. None of this made any sense. 

Out of a mix of curiosity and desperation, I continued to examine my body. I unbuttoned my sweater, still unable to process how big my breasts were. I noticed I was already sweating through my undershirt. I must not have noticed how warm I felt. I squeezed my breasts. Pleasure coursed through my body. Huge, and sensitive! But something other than the size felt off. There was warmth coming from inside them. I squeezed again, and felt it begin to pour out. I let out a low moan. The sensations were powerful and addictive. I felt wetness at my fingertips. Wait. Was that... Milk? I looked down to see two wet spots staining my white blouse. It couldn't be. 

I felt the ice again. 

I walked toward the sinks to get a better look. Again I noticed that odd weight in my lower body, but there was something else this time, some kind of pressure. I looked down. My hips flared out dramatically in comparison to my waist, stretching the elastic on the skirt to a small degree. But that wasn't it. What the fuck? Something was pressing up against my skirt from the inside. The breath in my lungs stopped. I grabbed at my skirt, and pulled it up. It couldn't be. There was something massive tenting my pantyhose. I knew what it was, but just couldn't process it. I closed my eyes. Tight. 

It couldn't be. 

It couldn't. 

It took about a minute before I was able to open them again. I looked down. It was still there. A massive horsecock, with a sack the size of a basketball hanging underneath it. My stomach punched its way up to my throat, and I felt the world start to spin again, pulling me to the floor. This has to be a joke. It couldn't be real. I cradled my knees in my chest, shaking my head back and forth. But I had to know. I had to look. I slowly slid my pantyhose down my leg. As I pulled the elastic over it, it shot out straight. 

"No. It's not real. It can't be!" 

It must have been about two feet long, pre-cum dripping from the flared tip. I could smell the musk and sweat coming off of it, making my head swim. My heart began pounding against my ribcage. My hands, shaking, reached towards the throbbing flesh. My fingers were barely able to encircle it. All I could hear was the waterfall of blood flooding through me. I had to know if it was real. I grabbed hard, and tugged. Instantly, my fears became reality. It was a part of me. Of my body. And God did it ever feel amazing. The cold-sweat terror I felt greatly contradicted the overwhelming pleasure that now consumed my body, until it was outright dwarfed by it. I had never experienced anything so intense. A pressure welled up underneath me, inside of me. My whole body was shaking as it built. 

And built. 

And built. 

All the thoughts in my mind slid away as the pleasure consumed every part of me, every single bit of me, until finally, 

It released. 

"UGGHH. FUUUUCK!" 

I was drowning in an ocean of raw, brainless pleasure. Load after load shot out of me. It must have been gallons. 

I was absolutely drenched by it. It soaked through all of my clothing. My eyes were closed shut from the pleasure but I could feel the sticky warmth of it all over my skin. It was all I could smell, all I could taste. A taste so oddly familiar, but I couldn't place it. I was so lost to the sensation I didn't hear the bricks in the wall in front of me slide apart, or see the figures crawl out of the hole. My consciousness began to wane with the pleasure, and as I faded out, I remembered what the taste was. Vanilla. Vanilla and Maraschino cherries. 

------- 

Behind The Walls 

"Subject 2A's test cycle is complete." 

He was watching over the recording for a third time. He had to be thorough. 

"Great. Did she pass?" 

She held a tablet, calmly checking off boxes while the Doctor scanned the monitors. It was just the two of them in the room. 

"T's crossed, I's dotted, I'd say." 

The Doctor leaned back in his chair, stretching his arms over his head. 

"A few problems with identity recall, but nothing we can't scrub away after a few sessions. Stabilizers kept her numb for the most part. She's ready for probation." 

He smiled. This had been his pet project. 

"It'll be interesting to see how the rest of the girls handle 2A. She's quite the risk." 

She ticked off the approval checkbox, pulling out her stylus to sign her name and submit the form. 

"I wouldn't say risk. She's more of a... surprise." 

"Surprises are dangerous." 

Her expression was stiff, calculating. 

"No." 

He began to stand up. 

"Surprises are fun." 

SUBJECT 2A: APPROVED || STATUS: PROBATION