 I take no creative ownership of this idea. This work is an interpretation of JumboJet123 story The Sex Games and I hope it will be alright for them if the stories share similarities. This story is from the perspective of the loser as compared to JumboJet123, whose story is from the perspective of the winner. I hope you enjoy. Thanks for the awesome idea JumboJet123. 

*

I stood in the middle of the arena. The crowd was cheering through the one way mirrors that surrounded us. It was all between me and my opponent. My skin reflected the dim light that was exposed by the old sports arena spotlights from the old days. The thick layer of lubricant felt good on my freshly shaved body. I was ready to make a woman out of my enemy.

My trainer told me that although I had a physical advantage over the opponent, he was renowned as an agile and fast son of the devil. I could see he was also confident in his abilities by the state of his dick. It was rock hard, he was already prepared to fuck the loser which he seemed certain would be me. I couldn't help but be impressed by his confidence. I tightened my grip on the testosterone transmitter. If I was to get out of this arena with my dignity I would have to act fast. I made sure that both my rope and tester (short for Testosterone transmitter) were in working condition. Then shaking my legs and arms, feeling my cock slap between my thighs, 

I got ready for the starting bell. 

GONG. I rushed at my opponent as he did the same, bringing up my tester I got ready to slam it into any place on his body. I brought the transmitter down on his back, but at the last second he dodged out of the way. I couldn't believe how fast he was. Attempting to turn around I felt something wrap around my ankles sending the weight of my body crashing into the ground. That Son- of- a- bitch roped me. The other male got on top of me as I struggled to get out of the restraints. Rage filled me, I had come too far to fail now. Suddenly I felt a jolt in my left leg. I knew it was his tester.

I could feel my energy flowing into it; my whole body shook in the process. At first the change was just physical. My huge biceps seemed to downgrade in size, my pecks were becoming nonexistent. In fact my entire body seemed to be shrinking; the rock hard muscles I had worked months to perfect became slender and elegant. I felt a sense of sensuality and peace. The sheer rage that filled me before turned to envy. I wanted the masculiness back, the raw male power. I continued my struggle. My 7-inch dick became limp. My balls also began to shrivel up. With each passing moment I became less and less willing to continue the fight. Every second that went by I felt a growing feminine presence blooming inside me. 

My only hope was to slam my tester back into my enemy's ball sack. That would be the only way to get testosterone quick enough to challenge him again. With a sudden surge of effort I managed to escape the bonds, standing up and facing my enemy. I looked at my member, it was miniscule probably only 3 inches and my balls were almost nonexistent. My skin felt smoother than before, my legs more slender, and my body, especially my face, softer. My foe stood before me frustrated. His arms were bulging, the veins and arteries pressed against his skin. A scruff appeared on his freshly shaved face and his dick appeared to have almost doubled in size. He also stood towering over me. His 6'8" compared to what was probably my height at 5'5". 

I sprung forward trying to dive the tester right into his monstrous cock. He carelessly pushed my aside, grabbing my three inch dick in one hand and thrusting his tester right into my sack. I immediately felt the drain again. The effects also seemed to be increasing exponentially. The tester caused a layer of fat to spread over my body as my beautiful 6-pick disappeared into a sexy flat stomach. I felt an increasing urge to cry, I felt so hopeless and insecure. My shoulders narrowed as I struggled to pull the tester out. I felt a tingling sensation in my chest as my nipples enlarged and grew more sensitive. As the last of my muscles disappeared as my new tits also expanding outward starting at double A's steadily developing into B's. My opponent led me to the center of the arena; my now two inch cock lay useless in the final stages of my transformation. My pelvis exploded making room for my growing ovaries; I felt my curvaceous hips move as I walked. 

I no longer had a penis or balls. A slit opened up to complement my new clit. My pussy was taking shape. In a sudden shift I no longer hated my opponent, instead I longed for him. I wanted him in me. I couldn't help but stare at the gorgeous 12 inch dick that stood before me, veins popping and head gleaming. His attractive bulging legs and tight abs and enormous guns only added to the new realization. I wanted him in me. 

I let him guide me to the center, my long blonde hair and DD sized breasts bounced as I moved. My opponent became more violent knocking me about taking my tied hands and knotting the rope around the center stage pole. He bent me down feeling me up; I couldn't help but enjoy the sensation of his strong masculine hands running up the length of my body. He squeezed my tits and I squeaked in result, my voice high and girly just like I felt. The last of my masculinity slipped away. My hard cocked oppressor knocked my legs apart, moaning in the process as he felt my new pussy in delight. A squeaked again. I loved the feeling of being so vulnerable, to my own horror I wanted nothing more in that moment than to be fucked good and hard. 

The male, with one hand on his cock got ready for penetration. I felt the enormous width of it sliding through the formation of my female genitalia. In great pain, I screamed in delight and terror as he broke my new hymen. Everything was tight and sensational. He pulled the great length from me, his legs flexing and hips thrusting. With great momentum he slammed his beast of a shaft further than I thought possible. It seemed as if his dick was at my throat, I moaned with the new platter of feelings and blissfulness. In my mind's eye I could see him smiling. 

He began pummeling me from behind, I gasp with the overwhelming joy. Being taken advantage of was such a new experience and so enjoyable. I moaned and swore as his member passed through my pussy over and over again. He was so big, pleasure came from everywhere. I was in sex heaven. 

His fingers played with my nipples, his hands grasping the great heftiness of my breasts. I looked back at him seeing his strong jaw and clenched abs. His tempo increased with innumerous thrusts, his dick slamming into my tight hairless pussy. I came countless times, the pleasure kept coming moistening my vaginal lining. Suddenly the rhythm slowed and I felt load after load of what must be cum hitting the walls of my pussy. 

When he pulled out I collapsed onto the ground panting, finally coming to terms with my new conflicting emotions. My lover stood over me stroking his beautiful cock. The audience cheered through the glass and cameras zoomed over my head. The male bent down to kiss me and I kissed back playing with his tongue with intense passion...