 I opened the door to this world outside, I walked out amongst the thick fog. Over my balcony I could see nothing, not even the rocks below. I walked out, past my patio, the pool, and the Jacuzzi to the edge. All I could see was the mist, it was mesmerising, and it blanketed everything.

I stood there frozen in time, nothing and no one seemed to be present. An entire city seemed to have vanished before my eyes, as the large buildings, towering skyscrapers were absent from my sight. 

It reminded me of home, although now at that moment, I was a long way from home. I reminisced about when I left home and how I ended up here. This was not earth, an exoplanet one that was indeed capable of harbouring life of the carbon based kind.

Gilese they called it, as it was once the name of many an exoplanet with a number on the end. However, this one was found almost a hundred years after the Hubble telescope and another 60 years before I found myself here. It was an event I remembered, how well science saw to that little detail.

I was 38 years old, still without kids and very much single. Medical breakthroughs regarding cryostasis became apparent, and it meant that people could be in suspended animation. I jumped at the chance, the medical tests were thorough and eventually I was cleared. It was the year 2027, and it was highly advanced at the time.

I looked up at the room around me, three scientists surrounded me but there was no other crowd and we were in an underground bunker which was deep beneath the earth. I looked up at the lighting and cabling above me. I also noticed the simplistic concrete ceilings and the computer equipment behind me. The pod I was in was a self-contained unit which had enough power for at least two hundred years.

I said my goodbyes to the scientists whom were with me that day, knowing I may never see them again. I settled down and the hatch came down in front of me. I closed my eyes and then drifted away. In almost an instant, I awoke, no dreams and no nightmares. I heard it open with a characteristic, almost cliché, sound as the air escaped.

I slowly regained my focus and saw clearly. I did not see bare concrete or lighting and cabling. Instead I saw bare metal. It was evident I was somewhere else. I slowly rose and found myself with an audience. Scientists again, although their clothes looked different. I did notice one or two armed men with them. They appeared armed and soldiers of some kind.

In the middle was a woman, she seemed to be the leader. She was tall, slender, and quite beautiful. Her hair was dark, long, and flowing down past her shoulders. Her eyes were a soul piercing blue and not even the glass partition which separated us could obscure that sight. Her beauty seemed incredible and it was my first indication that things had changed. I did not know what year it was or where in the world I was at that point. 

It seemed though I would find out as she approached the glass and tapped something on what seemed to be a holographic display.

"Can you understand me," she asked, the woman who appeared to be the one in charge.

"Perfectly, madam," I responded.

"What is your name sir?" she then enquired.

"My name is Bill Johnson," I responded.

"Well Mr Johnson, my name is Professor Lauren Morar," she responded.

"Well Professor, what is going to happen now?"

"Well you will be evaluated, based on the data in the encryption drive which was part of your cryo unit," the professor explained.

"What about the armed individuals back there?" I asked unable to ignore their presence any longer.

"Just a precaution, as you have not lunged out of the pod, it seems they will remain as such."

"Well thank you for vote of confidence, professor."

"Well it is time for your medical to begin," she responded she then cut off the mic and walked away from the glass partition which shielded me from her.

"Here we go again," I thought to myself.

To my pleasant surprise, there was a scanner, it hovered and it began to scan my entire body. It beeped and moved about scanning me completely. I was still in the same room, standing and surprisingly not nauseous.

"Well Mr Johnson," you are the picture of health.

"Thank you Professor Morar. Just one question though, what year is it, and where am I?"

"Well seeing as I am in charge, just to answer a question you have been no doubt asking yourself, I can tell you."

"Please go on Professor."

"2187 and you're on Mars at a research station."

"Thanks, always wanted to come to Mars, has humanity progressed beyond our solar system?"

"Indeed, and how is less dramatic and the science fiction of your time would have you believe."

"So am I clear to go, any other medicals, vaccinations?"

"Yes, a few, please stand still."

A vent above me then opened and mechanical arms descended from the ceilings. I was injected in each arm and once in the neck. The mechanical arms then retracted back into the ceiling. I then stood there waiting to see what would happen.

The door opened and Professor Morar stepped in this time wearing a mechanical suit of some kind. Her head was in a helmet, futuristic by its very nature. She had one soldier enter in behind her, armed and also clad in a suit albeit one with a helmet that obscured the face.

The Professor checked me over herself. She was satisfied, she then faced me and said "You pass Mr Johnson, now you may get dressed, there are some clothes over there," she said whilst she pointed to a wall which was extending a draw out.

Her helmet then came apart revealing her face, "Mr Johnson, there is much to discuss, would you like some food before we begin, and not to worry we have a lot of earth food up here, and plenty of what you would expect, and also judging from your diet and exercise regimen that your medical shows."

"I am famished, it has been 160 years since I last ate."

"Well Corporal Higgs will escort you," she gestured to the soldier in the room.

I got dressed and changed out of the cryo suit which I had on. It was a different but familiar look and feel. I then followed the Corporal to the area of the station where I would be served food. I had no concept of the time but I knew there would be far more than that to learn in this next phase of my life. 

I sat on the table, relieved that I wasn't restrained and awaited the professor. As if on cue she walked in a tray in hand. She set the food down in front of me. She then gestured me to eat, while she sat on another chair. She then dismissed the soldier whom escorted me to the room.

"Thank you Professor."

"You're welcome, and don't be surprised, I may be a professor, but I am not arrogant."

"That is apparent, you seem like a good person. Thank you for not having me restrained."

"You're welcome, I'm sure you have questions?"

"Earth, the bunker you found me in?"

"Earth is fine, there is now a more stable environment and with better care taken of our forests. Even Africa is a powerhouse now. Religion is more or less non-existent. The world has moved on, humanity survived."

"That is good to hear, so how spread out are humanity in our solar system?"

"There are people on every planet which is solid. Mercury, Venus, moons of Jupiter, and Saturn. It seems fiction is more fact these days than it was in your time."

"It would seem so, and beyond our solar system?"

"Yes, we have colonised at dozen other new worlds, encountered half a dozen alien species."

"These aliens, what do they look like?"

"Not quite the same has human science fiction, but familiar to the human eye."

"So Professor, how are human relations with alien species."

"Good, were getting along, and we didn't end up in a war after first encountering them."

"Good to hear, how about space stations, any alternate habitats out there."

"Yes, in this case science fiction is fact."

We continued to talk, as I finished the food in front of me. She talked me through all the differences in humanity. She also showed me what the alien species looked like and of course answering the all-important question of how we communicate with them. Technology gladly took care of that little issue to ensure a better dialogue.

However, I felt something else. It was odd, knowing it had been decades since I last was with a woman. I felt connected, we even joked a little about the differences in our times and how archaic my time was. 

She was beautiful and intelligent, a powerful mix as she intoxicated me. Every moment I had spent deliberating as to why I should go into cryo stasis was worth it. Now, having just woke up in another time, a seemingly better time.

Weeks went on and the Professor showed me Earth and I went back to the city where I used to live and it was different, almost no recognisable landmarks remained. It was a bit sombre, but I saw it as a fresh start and a new beginning.

We clicked quite well, it was one particular night, where she had took me out for dinner. We discussed many things, she had job for me, something that paid well and that I would provide insight so that governments, and humanity would not repeat their mistakes. It was a dream job of sorts, something I would go onto enjoy.

During that meal, we clicked and Professor revealed more about herself and then urged me to call her Lauren. I complied and we continued talking and possibly falling for one another. I could not quite tell at that point as she was being rather neutral in spite of her openness. 

It would be a few more months before the corporation that woke me offered me a position on another world. I was sad to leave Lauren behind, but she assured me she would be joining me as our relationship and the rapport she had built with me would prove important and assimilating me to a new planet.

All of that happened rather fast, it was incredible. My head spun at the pace of this new world, but if there was thing I was good at in the past was changing. The planet was a short trip away, inter galactic travel was not time consuming. Engine technology which was a combination of human and alien construction, proved quick in arriving at our destination.

The landing shuttle detached from the ship and then made its descent onto the planet below. The craft flared bright red as it began to breach the planet's atmosphere. We then reached the blue of the sky and continued downward. We then parted the clouds and saw a city come into view, high skyscrapers, futuristic lighting and a hive of all sorts of people. All of this with extremely dense forest on the perimeter of the city.

We came into land on a balcony mid-way up a tall skyscraper. A human representative of the organisation was on hand to greet us. We headed inside and filled out the necessary paper work. It was a timely process, but once with all our credentials checked and our clearances verified, we headed out. 

A sky car was waiting, it seemed oddly familiar for some reason. I hopped inside and Lauren took the helm. We lifted off and then headed toward the outskirts of the city. A house was awaiting, perched upon the rocks and with a pristine view of the city. It was a massive house, large in its size.

We then came into land and then got out of the vehicle. Lauren watched as I explored the house and its technology. It was beyond anything that I had seen in my past. It was a joyous thing to see. Lauren found it curious as this technology was part of her life for a long time. However, even though technology was not primitive in my time this technology made it look that way.

"You seemed to be studying me."

"Sorry Bill, it is a habit, I am familiar with this technology, however you have not seen it before. It was something I have never witnessed."

"Okay, fair enough, although I wanted to ask, does the organisation have rules about employee fraternisation?"

"No, we live in a more open time, there is no such thing as separate toilets for male and female anymore."

"That is good to hear."

The trip was hardly long enough to make either of us tired, so we sat down and got ourselves something to eat. The company had the pantry and fridge well stocked. It seemed the world had not moved onto something else form that age old technology.

As we sat down to eat, we continued to talk and find out other things about ourselves that we would not have mentioned earlier, back on Mars. 

"So tell me about where you grew up?"

"A bit all over the place, it was a very different time. People were more separated, they seemed to have coveted the titles that separated them. The believed that they were better because of something insignificant in the bigger picture."

"Things aren't like that anymore, the galaxy has brought perspective to a degree where our petty differences simply vanished."

"That is good to know, the human race has finally moved on. I always believed that I was born far too early, always wanting to visit another piece of rock in the universe, and I now I have already visited three."

"What about the people, what do you think?"

"People today are much better, a bit more human, and unified. It seems people now realise that their DNA is the same."

"That is indeed true."

We continued our discussion and we connected further. At the end of that meal, we were connected, we were in love.

We left the kitchen and headed to the living room. We sat down just enjoyed one another's company. Lauren talked me through various other things which differed from my time. The rest of the day winded down and by the end of it, I was up to speed on the galaxy around me.

Its customs, its technology was now known to me. I stand here on this balcony with the fog around me and the silence deafening all around me. I look at the mobile device, a message from Lauren, she had to slip away to attend to some business at her new lab.

I let the environment envelope me the fog was calming and the silence reassuring. It was though I was still in that chamber but awake. I remembered the last sights I saw of that bunker all those years ago.

The silenced was then pierced as footsteps, of the high heeled kind came toward the balcony where I was standing at present. They belonged to Lauren. She walked with confidence wearing her beige trench coat with the buttons tied up and a pair of strappy black heels adorned her feet.

Her long dark hair flowed graceful down her back. She added to her outfit with a wicked smile. She continued to walk toward me. She then found me standing by the balcony, the edge of the reserve as it were. She stood in front of me and smiled mischievously as she began to undo her coat. 

She opened it to reveal her gorgeous nude body underneath. I looked her up and down, slowly, getting in every detail. Her body was gorgeous, toned and in the best shape a human body could be in, for any time. 

She first drew me in for a kiss and it was deep and passionate. I took the time to feel her exposed naked body as she proceeded to drop her coat to the floor. She released me and began to unzip my pants and pull out my erect member.

She teased it gently and began stroking, tickling, fondling, and caressing my cock. She sucked on it intently. I took the time to remove my shirt and toss it aside. She continued on as I looked down gently placing my hand on her head ash bobbed up and down on my cock. 

Once she felt she needed more access she then began to undo my belt and pull my pants all the way to the floor. She then continued as she was but this time paying a little more attention to my balls. It seemed fellatio had certainly improved since my time.

She had then become satisfied with the lubrication of my cock, she wanted it inside her pussy. She then stood up and stepped toward the balcony she was still in her heels and pushed her ass out ever so gently and then wiggled a little which said in detail everything that she wanted me to do to her. 

I stepped in behind her and then grasped her ass cheeks in each hand and caressed them gently, slowly circling and edging closer and closer to her asshole and pussy. She then cooed a little as I stroked my index finger down from her asshole past the folds of her pussy.

I continued to finger her as I slide one inside, followed by two. I remembered much of what I had done in the past. Then there was a little tremble from her leg. She was enjoying this, I was unsure when last she was seen to like that, but I was sure to make her remember this time. 

I slipped a finger from my other hand into her pink asshole. She gasped a little but wanted more so I continued to indulge and finger fuck her like I was doing, teasing her and making her want my cock that much more.

I then began to work my fingers in her pussy and simply push further inside her. I was rapid in my movements and she was loud in her moans. I fingered fast and she was soon coming and screaming it out to the whole galaxy.

She was still coming down from her orgasm when I slipped my cock inside her nice and wet pussy. She gasped once more as the sensory stimulation she was experiencing seemed to be reaching overload. Yet she wanted more, she craved more, and she was going to get more. I slid my cock, in and out, slowly moving and ensuring every inch of me was buried deep inside her pussy. She loved it, as I continued building a rhythm and fucking her.

Her high heels ensured she was planted to the floor, she stood firm, as she possibly could in the face of my excessive pounding of her pussy. Her moans were now loud, seemingly echoing off the invisible rocks below. She was lost in the lust, the adrenaline seemingly pumping in her veins. She was throbbing, her pussy was wet and she was reaching climax. Her moans got louder, the closer she got.

When she came she trembled a little and screamed her approval across the hills below. I was still strong in my fucking and she wanted it on a chaise lounge, to get both of us of our feet. We walked over to the chaise lounge and I laid back as she straddled on top of me. 

She wanted to rest her pussy a little, so she proceeded to slip my shaft in her asshole. She gasped a little as it went in all the way giving her pause as she slowly had it penetrate her very soul, so it would seem. 

She jigged about as she had my cock all the way inside her welcoming ass. Her moans were distinctive and her movements were intoxicating and the simply had me hypnotised. 

It seemed she was making everything brighter, either that or the mist was parting. At that point, I did not care. She then reached around her front and began to rub her cunt for me. She gave me quite the show and was sending herself over the edge in sexual energy.

The surrounding area was then pierced with the sound of her lustful moans. She demanded I keep fucking her, and I was more than happy to do so. We fucked with vigour and a furious pace. It was a powerful thing, we were doing, that we felt connected and our auras were intertwined along with the essence of the world we were on. 

I felt myself approaching climax. Lauren, without a word spoken, lifted herself up and slipped my shaft into her pussy and resumed our pace, as we both raced toward orgasm. She came first, for the second time, loudly, I then followed suit and shot my load inside her. She loved it, yearning for more and more cum as it shot up inside her pussy.

We lay back and caught our breaths and returned to reality somewhat. By that time the mist had cleared, the sun was beaming bright high in the sky. We looked at each other seemingly in love with one another. 

As we laid there, I looked down her body, as she snuggled up beside me. Her long raven hair flowed down to just above her sizeable breasts as they heaved a little as she exhaled. Her slim and slender body glistened in the sunshine as it was drizzled in sweat. 

"Thank you," I whispered gently to her.

"Thank you Bill," she responded.
