 So, Welcome to my second chapter of this space saga. It follows directly on from the first, so make sure to have a read of that as well.

Hope you enjoy.

**************************

Sometime later we slowly made our way inside and had something to eat.

"So we may have a nice project to tend to, off world."

"Really, what are the specifics?"

"It is an asteroid in another system, about three days travel from here. There is a facility there, they do mining, scientific experiments and other such endeavours."

"Hmm sounds like fun, when do we leave?"

"Well, we can depart tonight, there is a shuttle departing from the military space port or another shuttle in two days' time."

"Well Lauren, there is no time like the present, and how long would we be staying."

"One month," Lauren replied.

"Nice, lets head out tonight, first we should pack."

"Yes, that would be great, but first let us wash off our bodily fluids."

I said nothing and simply smirked, Lauren knew exactly what I meant by that. She then ran up the clear glass like stairs toward the upper floor. The shower beckoned. It was in the spacious and vast bathroom. The small ledge separated the enormous shower. It had luminous blue tiles on the floor and a projected display upon the dark walls. Lauren had it set to the sight of a sun burning in its prime. 

The ceiling mounted shower had begun to rain down hot steaming water. It was at just the right temperature, when I joined her under the downpour. We took turns soaping each other down. I paid special attention to her lower parts and she cooed a little as I continued to service her down there. She then after having trembled just a little took my hand and guided into her pussy. I then began to finger fuck her pussy has my cock had now bulged and was fully standing at attention. 

The soapy foam soon washed away and only the steam from the water remained as our bodies once again began to intertwine. I slowly felt her body all her curves and every inch of her wet flesh. It was something that could never get old. Lauren all the while gave some tender loving care to my cock as she gently stroked and fondled it as it continued to remain full erect.

I leaned in and kissed her lips gently. She smiled at me, it was quite the view as it complimented her wet naked body. She then slowly lowered herself and began to take my cock into her mouth, she sucked slow and gentle at first. Her mouth and tongue proved provided an incredible sensation.

The water continued to fall, and its steamy back drop certainly added to the mood. I gently placed my hands on the back of her head as she continued so suck. She then pulled away and stood up wanting my cock. She placed her hands on the dark wall which projected the burning sun, it seemingly represented the lust burning inside of her.

I straddled up behind her and slide my cock inside, slowly at first just like she did, however, I picked up the pace a little bit quicker. I fucked her hard and she screamed her approval, wanting more, and wanting it harder. I obliged her, all the way to an enormous orgasm.

We held fast and tight keeping our balance whilst we regain our composure from for furious little fuck session. Once our shower was done, we prepared our necessary items for our trip. 

Packing remained old fashioned, however the bags we used were light and had slots for everything. It was easy to use and a quick process.

We then awaited our ride to the space port. The sky car then touched down, we hoped in and then took off. It was a short trip less than five minutes and we had arrived. It was on the other side of the city and away from the main thoroughfares.

Lauren led the way and I followed behind her, she saluted generals whilst I shook their hands. Some greeted like normal, although the others who knew who I was and where I came from were in awe, why I could not say or care what those reasons could have been.

The shuttle to take us off world was prepped, we headed inside, with only one other passenger, a scientist.

"Marissa Jackson, pleased to meet you professor," She jovially introduced herself to Lauren.

"A pleasure Ms Jackson," Lauren replied in an upbeat tone.

"Please call me Marissa."

"Well Marissa this is my colleague, Bill Johnson.

"A pleasure Marissa."

"Are you the man they found in the bunker back on earth?"

"Yes, that would be me."

"Is this all a shock?"

"Not really most of what I am seeing in this time was fiction back then, it is rather satisfying to see it as fact today."

"Well I am glad you feel that way?"

"It is a way of life, and speaking of which, what is yours?"

"I am a colleague of Lauren, we study in the same field."

"Our work has crossed paths before, but we have not, until now," Lauren interjected.

"I see, that is incredible, science is having its day, which is something that was not as widespread as it should have been back in my time."

"Persecution?"

"Of a less severe sort, which I suppose was a better thing, the renaissance did start science on the path to being what it is today."

"So how does it feel to be almost 200 years old?"

"Well I am still active at my age," I responded with a bit of a smirk.

The conversation continued for a few more minutes until the shuttle reached the ship that would be taking us to the asteroid. It was a large vessel with impressive design and features. It was specifically equipped for traversing from system to system. It had discreet weaponry that would go unnoticed at first glance, but my observant nature meant I spotted them.

The ship's exterior was a dull grey with the tell-tale lights of windows and ports which judging by their designed could have a shield dropped over them at a moment's notice.

"This looks weirdly familiar."

"The ship Bill?" Lauren enquired.

"Yes, looks like something out of the science fiction from my time."

"Have you had this many times since you woke up?" Marissa interjected.

"Yes, in fact, waking up like I did, is straight out a film more than 200 years ago," came my response.

"Yes, I know the one you are talking about, there is extensive footage and records from Humanity's past." Lauren responded.

"Records on me?" I tentatively asked her.

"You were run of the mill, but what the records don't show is your future thinking. Your desire to live in the future. The feeling you were born too early."

"Right on all counts Professor."

Marissa was in awe, Lauren was a very observant person, and she was able to tell things about people. She for once had nothing to say, she was speechless, not something she would be forgetting anytime soon.

As our conversation drew to a close the large shuttle bay of the ship loomed, its doors opened and the blue hue of its shielding kept the individuals in the bay shielded from the vacuum of space. Their shuttle passed through the shield, something I looked on in awe and contentment. My life had been spent experiencing this in fiction, now I was experiencing it as fact.

The shuttle landed and we were escorted to our quarters for the trip. It was a vast cargo bay which was a giant box essentially which was what was needed for cargo and the shuttles. Marissa said her goodbyes as she headed to another part of the ship.

An elevator took us into the ship itself. We moved through the mess hall which was empty at present. The ship was vast inside but there was a lot of items inside the ship. After heading through the ship they made to their quarters. Once inside we decided to catch some sleep before the journey was to begin.

It was a two hours before the ship began its departure. The ship pilot sounded of the beginning of the FTL initiation procedure. The ship prepped and then it jumped. There was no feeling as the shipped raced past light speed and was heading toward the next system where our home for the next month would be, the settled in for the trip and the next couple days' worth of travel.

Lauren had some admin to take care of so I was left to explore the ship, most of it was accessible. The ships mess and med bay were sizable and plentiful as people milled about getting all sorts of things done while traveling to the dead of space and beyond light speed. The ship's interior matched the dull grey of its exterior except all the lighting had a distinctive blue hue. The ships bridge was closed as the pilots maintained a constant vigil over the flight path through the darkness of space.

The trip continued to remain uneventful, however I felt in awe at the space racing past outside which I had spent years dreaming about and now I was experiencing it for myself. Eventually we grabbed our things and headed to the shuttle. Marissa re-joined us and then we headed into the shuttle.

It departed the ship and then toward the lab. The asteroid field was vast and as far as I could see, the hue of the distant sun took an unmistakeable place in my field of vision. The asteroid the base was located on what seemed a spec amongst the asteroids, a tiny little glimmer of light amongst the vast dark field of 

asteroids. 

The shuttle passed through the base shields which provided and unprecedented view of the asteroid field. The shuttle landed and we exited, it then left us and returned to the ship. 

The exterior was dark with an almost black texture, blue lighting kept the surrounds well lit. Lauren led the way as I followed looking at her perfectly formed ass. Marissa walked alongside Lauren being her chatty self once again. As the usual salutes and handshakes were conducted we were shown to our quarters.

Along the way we caught glimpses of the elevator leading to the mines, medical facilities, laboratories, shipping and the stores for the base. The interior of the base matched its exterior, with its colour and lighting.

Marissa was evidently across from us, we liked her bubbly personality.

Lauren flashed me a mischievous smile, I knew then she wanted Marissa in on our kinky sex games. Once inside Lauren advised we rest, we were drained from our journey, so we slept. The bed was large and luxurious, not a Spartan pair of bunk beds as I would of expected.

"I take it this is not what you were expecting, a large comfy bed, white walls and lighting?" Lauren provided an inquiry into my curious expression.

"Most certainly not, is this a special suite?"

"No, the people who live here need a space that is familiar, all that dark metal outside is most certainly not familiar."

"Well I can't think of a better way to rest our heads in between our days at work here."

"A lot of our processes are automated humans aren't required to kill themselves to meet high demands."

"I know I have much to learn but I am willing and eager, I still have the past 200 years to catch up on."

"Feeling old Bill?"

"No not at all, you are only as young as the women you feel." 

"I can certainly agree on that," Lauren cheerfully responded

"I am also very please innuendo hasn't changed much over the years," I mention with a grin on my face."

"I knew you would catch that Bill, Marissa is a minx from what I hear."

"Well we better get our rest then."

Lauren agreed with that statement and we slept, naked and spooning. As the station's night cycle began drawing to a close we both awoke. Lauren used the shower as I went through the information regarding the station, what it does, its procedures and protocol's.

"Doing a little light reading," Lauren said from over my shoulder, she was naked and now dried off.

"Yes, getting up to speed about this base," I replied as I walked up to her admiring every inch of her toned naked body, she was completely devoid of hair, except for her eyebrows and her lovely long mane on her head. Her dark hair was an incredible accent to her amazing body.

As much as I wanted ravish right there and then, we had a briefing to get too. After a quick shower and change of clothes. We headed down, once again meeting the head of the base. 

"Bill, this General Cross," Lauren spoke introducing me to the man running the base.

"Mr Johnson, just call me Jack" a grizzled man spoke as he extended a hand out to me.

After a firm handshake we sat down and he discussed the situation.

"Mr Johnson, it is good to have you here, hope you are finding better things in this time."

"Yes General, please call me Bill, I am indeed, it is pleasing to see humanity survived its technological adolescence."

"Indeed, it has Bill, as Laruen woke you up and the two of you have a very good rapport, you will of course remain with her and part of her team."

"Thank you Jack."

"Well, I'll leave you two to it, if there is anything you need, let me know."

We said our goodbyes and left, Lauren had been informed of a new discovery one which was significantly different to what had been mined on this base for a long time. We entered the caverns of the asteroid. The escalator descended down into the depths of the asteroid itself. The smooth metal floor soon ended and we were on the rock of the asteroid itself.

"It is incredible," Lauren spoke in amazement.

A hunk of metal which would be otherwise insignificant except for the fact it glowed and bright solid luminescent gold light was being emitted from the rock itself. It was not carved, it did not look manufactured rather it seemed to have occurred naturally as its jagged and uneven shape had indicated.

A mechanical claw carefully gripped it and deposited it onto a metallic stand located on a nearby table. Lauren stepped next to it and gestured a holographic keyboard on the metal surface itself. She tapped in a few command and a laser began to scan and project a holographic image in a device alongside the table.

It projected the inner structure and its composition. It was comprised of an element not in existence on the periodic table which had expanded upon humanity's travels into the cosmos. It was to be comprehended and studied. It was a joyous occasion.

Lauren's analysis turned up interesting things about this element's composition, it seemed to be emitting an energy which could have proved an energy source, although Lauren was not sure at that moment.

I took on the task of analysing the section of rock this metal was found in. It proved interesting as there appeared to be burn marks of sort, which had indicated the metal was indeed having an impact on the rock, however, due to the rock not being large in size. The interaction was confined to that section of rock. It was safe to assume there may well be more of this material within this asteroid.

Lauren on the other hand took readings of the rock itself to find out its composition, and whether or not there was any potential power source. When we combined our findings, the results were startling and it turned out it indeed was able to be a power source, however it needed to be paired with other metals and it was able to produce something that is self-sustaining and able to be self-sufficient. This age had no shortage of self-sustaining energy and this would simply add to it and ensure the corporation's coffers remained full.

We finished off the day and declared the rest following day off. It was a joyous time and the entire base was in a jovial mood. We visited the general after we had finished off for the day.

"Professor you did it again, so glad we have you on our team."

"Thank you Jack it is a good team with good people which is why I stay," Lauren replied

"You Bill, great work, you and the professor are a damn good team."

"Much appreciated, it seems I picked a momentous time to arrive. It is a very exciting time," I responded.

"You are exactly the kind of person we have here and the person we want here. Both of you go have some fun, you've earned it," The General insisted.

We then headed back to our quarters and got out of our work clothes and slipped into something a little more comfortable.

"So, Lauren what is there to do here for fun?"

"Plenty to do, follow my lead and we'll have some, good, dirty fun."

"I like the way you're thinking,"

Lauren led me down to a door I had passed a few times since the previous day. She gestured and it opened. It was a lift, we went up to a floor at the highest point of the entire facility. It was massive in size and held every conceivable luxury possible, not mention grass and a clear blue lake. 

"Wow, it's like being back home."

"Yes, a beautiful recreation of terrestrial comforts."

"So where are we headed Lauren?"

"Follow me, you'll see."

I followed her lead and she led me inside a gym, all the possible machines, it all looked strangely familiar.

"People still gym the same way?"

"Yes, not everything needed to change, it would seem."

"Indeed, I take bone density loss in the depths of space is still not solved?"

"No, but it is far less acute in the modern age thanks to those shots you received."

I continued to follow Lauren, looking and enjoying the view of her gorgeous ass. We entered what I recognised as a steam room. We headed toward the change rooms and stripped away our clothing. Inside we laid down towels and sat ourselves down, letting the steam cover our naked bodies. The steam was heavy and thick.

We talked and took in the sight of one another's naked bodies covered in sweat. It was a sight to behold, Lauren's naked body once again before me. 

All of sudden the door opened, we looked curious to see who it was.

"Room for one more," came a voice before a face became visible.

"Marissa, good to see you again," Lauren responded.

Marissa joined us by laying down a towel and taking a seat. Her naked body was incredible and simply amazing. Her dark hair was loose and flowing. The steam quickly began to coat her luscious body in sweat.

"So, very exciting events today?" Marissa enquired.

"Yes, indeed, we may have stumbled on to something incredible here, the rest of the galaxy does not know yet, they will in time."

"Indeed, I will be awaiting your reports, and the lights illuminating your brilliance."

"That's very kind of you Marissa."

"I call it like I see it Lauren."

Their banter continued, with my occasional interjection. These two women, both beautiful, strong and intelligent. I felt fortunate to be in their company. 

After a while, Marissa proceeded to get up not before Lauren pulled her close and kissed her, it seemed something awoke her exhibitionist tendencies. Nothing in their conversation had foreshadowed this event.

"Wow that was quite a sight," I spoke, reminding the pair that I was still present.

"Well, let's continue this elsewhere shall we," 

Lauren stated, addressing Marissa and I.

We nodded in approval and Marissa exited, ensuring we had her willing agreement for a kinky sex game later. Lauren and I finished up and exited ourselves.

We made our way back through the park which was now entering a night cycle, and the artificial sun was setting through the top of the building.

The walk through the metal corridors felt different and we here upbeat and happy. I found something, and someone different in Lauren. She took the lead, and I was happy about it. We reached our room and headed inside.

Lauren reached a panel on the wall which was holographic and punched in a few commands and a wall on the far side slide open revealing a window, not a real one obviously, which showed a display of the beach with a crystal blue ocean and sky stretching far beyond it. The sun took its place like an encrusted jewel in the imagery I was witnessing.

"This place is full of surprises," I responded.

"Indeed, it is, you are getting overwhelmed?" Lauren enquired.

"By technology, no, by your beauty yes," I responded.

"No amount of time could change how arousing such a statement can be," Lauren responded as she walked toward me and kissed me.
