 Grace couldn't believe that she was finally going to another world. As the youngest daughter of a sanitation worker and a waitress, her options for careers were limited. But thankfully she had placed well on all the aptitude tests. But all the studying in the world did not give her the experience that she desired. And the itinerary had not allowed her any time before she left to pursue, her quest for an orgasm. The boys that she had dated at home had always fallen short of the mark. Maybe she needed an alien to grant her fondest desire. She perked up when she heard the captain's deep voice over the p.a. system, advising them to fasten their seat belts for decent. She was so excited that she could hardly wait. A new job, a new world, and who knew-maybe a new lover to give her that all elusive orgasm.

After disembarking the shuttle, she retrieved her luggage from claims and headed toward the terminal. She was surprised to see her name on a place card that a tall, attractive, young alien was holding in front of her. A smile spread across her face as she walked up to the woman who was dressed in an aqua colored pantsuit.

"That's me." She replied, holding her hand out. "Grace Lewis. Nice to meet you." She finished as she shook the alien's hand.

"My name is Alexa. Andrew asked me to meet you and escort you to your lodgings." She responded as they headed toward the glass doors leading to the outside world. As they exited the terminal, Grace looked around with wonder in her soft green eyes. The hustle and bustle of the town were in full swing. The colors were everywhere, but the most arresting sights were the florescent colors of the sky. It looked as if the whole sky was filled up with the aurora borealis.

"It's so beautiful." Grace stated with her face turned up toward the sky. Back home she had tried it once and had only gotten eaten alive by bugs while her tepid lover had grunted over her.

"Yes, it is." Alexa replied as she ushered Grace through the marketplace.

After showing Grace her lodgings, Alexa left the young woman to settle in. Walking briskly back toward the office that she shared with her brother, Andrew, she hoped that he knew what he was doing. Pushing the door open she walked into the cool air. It felt quite wonderful, after being outside in the humid air. She found Andrew, hunched over a microscope.

"I picked her up." Alexa said as she fondly ruffled his ebony hair when she walked by his station.

"You did. Great!" Andrew said as he stood and stretched. He had been hunched over the microscope to long. "How did her flight go?" he asked while he filled his coffee cup from the pot on the counter.

"Fine. She is awe of all the sights. Are you sure that she is the right woman?" Alexa asked with concern.

"Yes, Sis, I know she's the right one." Andrew assured her as he took a drink out of his coffee cup.

"Does she know the reason you brought her here?"

"Yes. To work with me." He replied. "She's a very qualified lab tech."

"And she's destined to be your mate? Did you tell her that?" Alexa probed.

"Not yet. But I will. It's not something that you just spring on a woman that never met you before." He replied. "But she will soon know with a doubt that she is mine." He assured her, determination shining in his silver colored eyes.

Grace arrived at work the next morning, with anticipation running threw her veins. She could hardly wait to start her new job. She knew that she was just going to love her new job. When she entered the office, she saw Alexa sitting at the desk in the outer office, talking on the phone.

Or what Grace assumed was a phone. It looked mighty different from the phone she had at home. Smiling she waved hi to her as she stopped in front of the desk. Alexa smiled back as she disconnected the call.

"Good morning, Grace. I hope you have settled in."

"Yes, I have. And now, I'm ready to start working." Grace replied happily.

"Well, I can see that you are excited about it." Alexa said as stood. "So if you'll follow me, I'll take you back to the work areas. My brother will take over from there. He's the one in charge of the actual product." Alexa explained as she headed down a long hall. Grace had to nearly run to keep up with her.

"Hey, not so fast." Grace said laughingly. "You have an advantage over me."

"I do?" Alexa asked dryly.

"Yes. Long legs." Grace responded.

Andrew felt the familiar tightening in his stomach. She was here! Raising his head, he watched the door. It was a surprising trait of his race to immediately recognize and respond to their chosen one. And Grace Lewis was his. Taking a deep breath, he let it out with a soft sigh of pleasure when Alexa came into the room followed by Grace.

"Andrew, the new lab tech is here?" Alexa said.

Grace drew in a deep breath, when she caught her first glimpse of Andrew. He was magnificent. When he stood, she could tell that he was even taller than his sister. They shared the same dark hair and golden hued skin. But where Alexa's eyes were blue, Andrew's eyes looked like they were the shade of polished silver. But surely no one had silver eyes, or did they?

"Hello, Grace." Andrew said huskily.

"Hi." She responded softly. He had the sexiest voice she had ever heard. She couldn't believe that she was becoming aroused by the sound of his voice. Andrew narrowed his eyes slightly as if he could read her mind. Heat filled her face at the thought of him being able to.

"Well, I'll leave you in his capable hands, Grace." Alexa said startling Grace.

"Okay, see you later." Grace replied as she watched Alexa walk out of the work.

Andrew watched his sister leave the work area. For a moment he just absorbed Grace's presence. He had waited for so long for her to come. Her lovely blond hair was pulled up in some kind of hairdo that left her neck bare. If he wasn't sure that it would send her running he would have kissed the exposed length of skin. But she had the look of an earthling deer. That the slightest move would send her fleeing. And with that he tightly grasped the reins of his self control.

"How about I show you where you'll be working at?" Andrew asked with a reassuring smile.

"Sure." Grace answered. 

Grace finally relaxed, or at least as much as possible for her to relax when she was sharing a work space with an attractive alien. She was completely aware of him. She couldn't help but wonder how he would kiss or caress her young body. She kept trying to push those thoughts out of her mind. Surely it wasn't wise to be lusting after her new boss. But they kept returning no matter what she did. All he had to do was glance her way or speak softly to her, in that sexy voice of his. She was almost relieved when the end of the day came, so she could leave. After organizing her work station, she bid him a hasty goodbye and left the office. She would have to go out and find a lover as soon as possible, she thought as she walked toward her home. But how did one find a lover on this planet? Maybe she would ask Alexa. Surely the young alien would have some ideas. 

Alexa found her brother standing in front of the window. Walking over she stood beside him. Immediately she saw what had captured his attention. The little earthling was leaving.

"Andrew," She asked softly. "Are you okay?" 

"Yes." He replied looking over at her. "She's everything I want."

"I'm happy for you, Andrew. You've been waiting for so long. Have you told her yet?"

"No, not yet. But the telepathic link has already been established."

"Great." she responded. "Now it's only a matter of time."

The next afternoon, Grace finally found a chance to speak to Alexa. She only hoped that her new friend wasn't offended about what she was going to ask.

"Alexa, do you have a couple of minutes to talk?" Grace asked.

"Sure. What do you need to talk about?" Alexa asked as she sat down on the couch in the break room. 

"Well, I was wondering where do your people go to meet others?" Grace asked as her cheeks got red.

"Meet others?" Alexa asked with a slight frown. "What do you mean meet others? We meet at the market, at parties, and at meetings. But somehow I don't think that's what you are talking about, are you?"

Grace shook her head. Reaching over she patted the earthlings hand.

"I think I understand what's troubling you." Alexa stated. Grace stared at her in shock. "You have become attracted to someone? To someone who's always in your thoughts. Til it's the only thing you want to think about. Right?"

"How did you know?"

"It's what we call the bonding. My race is a very sexual race to begin with, Grace. But when the time is right and we have meet our chosen one, the sexual need increases until it's all consuming. My guess is that you have crossed paths with the one that is your chosen one."

"So what do I do?" 

"You find the one that is your chosen," Alexa started and then motioned Grace to come closer. "And then you seduce him."

"Really?" Grace asked. "And how do I go about that? Is it any different than how I would do it on earth? Do the men of your race find the same things exciting as mine do?" 

"Just think about all the things that you want to do and he'll take care of the rest."

"Huh?" Grace asked confused.

"There is a telepathic link between the two of you. He will be able to receive your thoughts. Believe me it will work." Alexa assured her.

After turning the problem over and over in her mind, Grace decided to take Alexa's advise. If Alexa was right, then Andrew would be open to the idea of having her. She would try to seduce him. After she finished dressing for work, she carefully studied her reflection in the mirror. Her long blond hair she had pulled up in a french twist, leaving her neck bare. She had a feeling he liked it that way. She had donned her sexiest underwear. It made her feel very desirable. Gazing at her average size breasts, she hoped that they would be enough to please him. After running a soothing hand down her new outfit, she was ready to go. Hopefully the merchant that had sold her this outfit knew what he was about. She had gone to the market and had asked for a dress that was styled and designed by an alien designer. Let's hope that it made her more attractive to her boss. With a deep breath, she turned and left for work. Hoping that she would succeed.

Andrew watched as Grace walked into the work area. He almost forgot to breath. She was beautiful. 

"Good morning, Drew." Grace said softly, letting her eyes devour him.

"Drew?" He croaked. 

"It's a nickname for Andrew where I come from. I hope you don't mind?" She replied with a smile.

"No not at all." He replied. 

"Good." Grace returned. He looked so cute when he got flustered, she thought. Cute enough to kiss. "Well, I suppose it's time to get to work."

"Yeah. Work." he replied. "Is it hot in here?" he asked as he tugged at the collar of his shirt.

"Hmm." She murmured but thought, not as hot as it's gonna get. Watching him she could see him swallow hard. Maybe this telepathy thing had it's merits.

By lunch time, Andrew was ready to go and have a cold shower. The little witch had been sending him dirty thoughts all morning. If she wasn't careful he was going to bend her over the nearest desk and have his way with her. After excusing himself, he left the building for lunch. He definitely needed a break. 

Alexa watched her brother leave with a small smile. Turning she headed back to the work area to talk to Grace. She found her sitting at her brother's desk. 

"How's it going, Grace?" She asked her friend.

"It's going." Grace responded. "I think he's getting the message." 

"I'm sure you are. If it's any indication, my brother looked like he was ready to explode when he left here."

"Hmm, well there's always hope." Grace said softly.

"Don't worry, you'll get what you want." Alexa said as she patted her friend on the back.

Andrew walked back from his lunch hoping to feel more in control of his libido. But as soon as he entered the work area again, he was just as aroused as he had been when he left. He was a professional, he thought surely he could do this, he scolded himself. He would not put any moves on his chosen one at work. But after work, all bets were off, he decided. She wasn't going to know what hit her.

Grace punched out and sighed. She had sent her most heated desires to Drew all day, and nothing had happened. Maybe he wasn't her chosen one after all. But damn, she sure wished that he was. As she headed toward the exit, she was surprised when she felt Drew's presence. Turning she was surprised to see him looming over her.

"Hey Drew, did I forget something?" She asked.

"Yes." He said huskily. 

"What?"

"Me." He replied as he lowered his head and captured her lips with his. When he finally came up for air, he smiled. "I want you take me home with you, little one, so I can do all those naughty little things you've been teasing me with all day."

"You do?" she croaked.

"Yes." He murmured before capturing her lips again. When he came up for air this time, she took him by the hand and led him out the door toward her home.

Grace expected nerves to overtake her once she got Drew to her apartment, but he didn't give them a chance. The moment that she closed the door behind her, she was back in his arms, locked in a passionate kiss, that she could feel all the way to her toes. By the time she came up she was gasping for breath and excitement was running through her veins like a potent drug. She felt secure wrapped in her alien's arms. But at the same time she was so aroused that she felt like she was going to peak from his kisses alone. 

"I can arrange that, little one." Drew said as he nibbled on her ear. 

"Oh, my." She whimpered as desire pooled low in her belly. 

"I'll take that as a yes." He growled as he continued to kiss her. Then using only talents unique to his kind, he gave her the feeling of a moist kiss being placed on the warm petals of her sex. He swallowed her gasp of pleasure in his mouth. As he continued to kiss her, he made sure to continue the feeling of his warm lips and hot tongue worshiping the most private haven on her body. It only took moments before she arched in his arms and cried out.

Grace could hardly believe what was happening to her. She who had never had a blessed orgasm was on the verge of coming from a simple kiss. She was ready to climb her alien like a tree and ride him til she came so hard she couldn't breathe. When she heard an answering moan she realized that her lover had received her thoughts loud and clear.

"Oh sweet heaven..." Drew groaned as desire racked his tall frame. Snaking his hands between them he released his throbbing manhood from his pants before pulling up her skirt. "Are you sure this is what you want, little one." He whispered urgently. "Be sure. Once we mate this way, there is no way back." He finished as he cupped her moist womanhood in his hand. He could feel the wetness and good heaven, the heat. She was so hot she was burning him up.

"What?" Grace asked, trying to understand his words.

"If we mate this way, little one, we will be bonded forever. I can take you any other way and it won't matter, but the way you are envisioning leads to one thing and one thing only. Bonding. We never mate this way except with our chosen." He gasped as he fought to control the urge to take the choice away from her.

"Oh God, yes." she cried as she struggled to get closer to him. Wrapping her left leg around his waist she grounded herself against him. Growling low in his throat he lifted her off her feet and wrapped both legs high around his waist.

"Bare your breasts for me." He groaned as he nuzzled her the side of her neck. Feverishly Grace struggled with the unfamiliar dress to free her aching breasts. Growling with impatience, Drew ripped her top open and stared in amazement at the garment that was wrapped around her breasts. "What is this?" He whispered hoarsely.

"A bra." Grace whimpered. 

"What a delightful contraption. Take it off." He replied heatedly.

"You don't like it." She gasped as she struggled with the clasp in the back.

"I love it, but I know I'll love the feel of your bare breasts rubbing against my skin even better." He growled as he helped her with the hooks on the back of her bra. "I'll explore this later, right now I want skin on skin with you." He finished as he trailed his moist tongue down her neck to her collarbone. By the time she managed to get her bra undone, Drew had managed to leave a love mark on her shoulder where it met her neck. "Now, unbutton my shirt, little one." He chuckled when he heard the fabric tear and buttons hitting the floor. "Impatient, aren't we?" he teased, until she rubbed her breasts against the skin she had just bared. He tilted his head back and growled loudly at the feel of her erect nipples rubbing against his hot skin. He had never felt anything as luscious as his lover's breasts. He just had to taste them! Pushing her torso away from him he leaned down and took one hard nub into his mouth and began to suckle.

"Ah hh..." She groaned, arching her back further and grinding herself against the hard ridge of his desire. He groaned and let the tip of her aching breast pop out of his mouth.

"Place me inside you." He ordered harshly as he pulled her deeper into his arms. "I want to be there. I want to feel you peak and milk me with your tight little pussy." he growled, all thoughts of being proper with his lover forgotten. When she moaned even louder he knew that she wasn't protesting his choice of words at all. It seemed his chosen liked being talked to dirty. It was his turn to groan when she did as he asked and placed the hot tip of his manhood against her dripping wet pussy. With a powerful flex of his lean hips he buried himself deep inside her.

Grace nearly screamed when she felt his powerful penetration. To muffle her cries she buried her face in his shoulder as she skated along the edge of a powerful orgasm. 

"Ohhhh." she gasped as she struggled with her body's response.

"You're almost there, aren't you little one?" he whispered against her ear. "You're ready to cum all over my hard cock." He flexed his hips again to bury himself even deeper in her wet body. "Cum, now." He ordered, as he started hammering himself in and out of her. "Now, little one, now!" But his last order wasn't needed, he realized as she bit her bottom lip to keep from screaming as her first climax shook her little body. Leaning down he captured her lips as she continued to cum in his arms, his cock still pistoning in and out of her, now, even wetter pussy. 

Grace gasped and groaned as her orgasm rolled through her. She had not known how intense it would be and by the way Drew was hammering in and out of her pussy, she knew that he was still rock hard and wasn't going to be happy with just having her peak once. Already she could feel another orgasm gathering inside her.

"Not a chance," He growled against her lips. "I want to feel you soak my cock, little one. I won't be happy til I have you screaming."

"I don't scream." She panted as she moved her hips in time with his.

"You will." He promised just before giving her the feeling of his tongue exploring her pussy again.

"OH MY GOD!" she cried out as another orgasm burst upon her.

"Oh, yes." He growled in approval. "I can feel that pussy cumming." He held her tightly as she thrashed around on him. Damn, he thought, he couldn't have picked a better chosen one. She was hot as hell. As she started to come down from the peak, he slowed his thrusts. It was time to prepare her for the bonding. "Grace, look at me." He whispered. With obvious effort, Grace opened her eyes and stared into the molten silver of his eyes. "That's right, little one. It's time. You must keep eye contact with me. Don't look away, Grace. Just keep looking at my eyes." He said with a tight smile as he felt his body gathering for the bonding moment. "This is going to get very intense. When it peaks, I want to hear you scream, little one. There is no way to be quiet when the bonding takes a hold of us. Do you understand?" he asked.
