 The bright rays of dawn slowly creep across the laboratory ceiling unnoticed by Professor Smythe and Joan, his young lab assistant. She looks up, surprised, and realizes that they have worked through the night again; struggling with yet another snag in their research. The cube of iron that they are trying to teleport from one electronics surrounded plinth to another has simply disappeared again. They have no idea where this, the third one, went.

"Where has the damn thing gone this time; it certainly didn't go where we want it to," Joan sighs. "Well, we have done more than anybody else just by making it go somewhere. I just hope that it didn't land on somebody's head." 

"Yes, I wonder which world that one went to," the Professor muses.

Joan misses what he says as she is busily moving about the room shutting down the machinery.

She loves her work here at the university and looks at the blinking lights of the computers and machines with pride knowing that she has helped to create all of this.

"Oh my, the sun's up. We've done it again, haven't we?"

"Yes sir, another night wasted."

"Not really you know; we can make the cubes go somewhere can't we. Now we just have to get them to go where we want."

When they leave the lab the Professor turns to his assistant, "You are coming to the party tonight, aren't you? Lydia is so looking forward to meeting you. She says she has something for you. I don't know what, though."

"Of course Professor Smythe."

The Professor watches Joan walk away; her pretty ass swaying in the sweat pants she wears. He sees but doesn't notice. What he sees, instead, is a bright young student that will go far in her field. 

Of course Joan is going to the party; she's just spent the last of her meager dollars on the perfect dress to wear. There is just enough money left for the cab ride there and back.

On the walk back to her tiny apartment Joan does wonder how she will find the strength to wear such a daring dress in public. She had never bought anything like it before, but when she saw it in that little shop she knew she had to have it and she felt so deliciously naughty when buying it.

It's black, of course, and way too short, top and bottom, and tight and clingy until it flares out around her legs with a hem of lace making it even shorter. How the woman who owned the shop talked her into buying the garter belt and stockings to go with it still puzzles her.

She remembers the lady's voice as she fussed over her when she tried it on. "Oh, dear," she had tsked, "those panty lines just won't do. You must be naked under this dress, you do understand, don't you?"

"I can't do that," she had cried in surprise.

"Oh, but you must. Just look and you'll see why."

Joan looked at herself in the mirror and had seen the unsightly lines under the tight dress, "Yes you're right," she sighed. "Might thong panties work?" 

"No dear, this dress needs you to be naked under it and that means no pantyhose either, but a garter belt and stockings would be just the thing. It's the thought of being naked under your cloths that this dress was made for."

"What? 

"You're joking about me being naked underneath it, I couldn't do that. I'd feel, um, slutty."

"But dear, it has more class than that. You can see that or you wouldn't be wearing it. Besides nobody will ever know unless you show them." The lady made a little smile go a long way, "It'll be a naughty little secret that only you and your date will know about. There are some problems though. Getting out of cars does tend to show the men more than you want them to see for one. If you know what I mean," then she winked at her and they both had laughed. 

"I guess! But I don't have a date for the party I'm going to." Joan had chuckled and bought the dress and the garter belt as well; feeling very brave. She did look pretty in it.

The shop keeper looked strangely at Joan when she heard that a gorgeous girl like her was going to a party dateless, "Oh dear, I was wrong; I should have sold her the one further down the aisle. The girl shows such a bright sexual naivety, though and I just knew she had to have a boyfriend! That dress is going to cause her trouble without one."

Today Joan isn't chuckling, "What was I thinking; I can't wear that dress tonight! My boobs are barely covered and its way too short." 

But that's all she has to wear. She has some jeans and a few long hippy style skirts but nothing that would be right for the party tonight. Joan shouldn't be worried. She is young and doesn't know just how pretty she is, unlike almost every other young girl in the world.

The day is becoming too long for her, "I need a hot bath to calm down." 

During her bath, after doing her legs, she shaves all her pubic hair off for the first time in her life. She feels so decadent when she does it and finds that it feels wonderful when she dries herself after. "I should have done this years ago," Joan laughs to herself, and then finds that her hands are spending way too much time between her legs playing with the soft skin there. She thinks she should stop but meanders out to her bed instead to lie on it and continue her exploration while thinking of her latest crush at the university; a young man who is a chemistry major but looks like he should be on the football team. He even smiled her way once. Her busy fingers soon find her favorite places and give her the release she suddenly needs; a feeling no man has given her yet. 

"It sometimes sucks saving yourself for a husband by staying a virgin!" Joan sighs when she comes down from a particularly long orgasm as she lifts her hips up over and over again while touching herself in ever slowing circles with her legs spread obscenely wide like she has a lover above her still thrusting into her. 

Every time she walks past her closet she sees what she has bought to wear that night hanging there on the door. She's not that type of girl, she shouldn't have bought it but she knows that it's a perfect dress for her. In the end; as night falls she stands in front of her mirror looking at herself and likes what she sees and feels. She thinks that her makeup is just right for the evening ahead and her hair is left down to show off her long auburn curls. 

She laughs at the thought that she is naked under her dress. The saleslady was right. She loves the daring feeling of how her breasts almost fall out of her dress and, smiling at herself, she smirks at the thought that it just covers her stocking tops. "How daring is that?" she asks. Each time she moves she feels the garter belt stretch as it holds up her shear stockings. They feel wonderful on her legs as she walks around the room; pulling at her garter belt and reminding her how close to being totally naked she really is. She wishes she had the money for proper heels to go with her dress but is forced to be happy with her low black pumps.

"I have to remember to keep my legs closed when the cabby helps me out of the car tonight." 

She laughs out loud, "I can't believe what I am doing! An assistant to a professor should dress more," Joan stops that thought and thinks, "More what? More demure, no this is a fancy dress ball and this is all I can wear to it." 

"Maybe I'll let the cabby see my new bald pussy," she thinks and then gasps at the thought. "I can't do that! Can I?"

In the end she doesn't show herself; instead she smiles at the driver as he helps her out of the limo that the Professor has sent for her with her legs together like the proper lady that she is. The driver is discreet. He even pretends he doesn't see her almost ample cleavage and the stocking tops the cute young girl accidentally shows him. 

Joan had forgotten about the kindness of sending the car for her that the Professor had told her about weeks ago. Now she will have money for snacks and maybe the expensive coffees she craves during the week to come. Her pay checks are so small and she has to be so frugal.

She feels nervous walking up to the huge antebellum mansion, "I'll look like such a fool wearing this dress and being naked under it to boot is too much!" she almost turns back but there is Professor Smythe at the door smiling at her.

"There's no stopping now, girl," she tells herself and continues up the steps feeling almost sexy for the first time in her life as her cloths caress her body and the cool night air lets her know that she has nothing on underneath.

The Professor looks at his assistant as she walks up the steps mentally shaking his head thinking, "How did I miss seeing how good looking Joan is. Why is she still single? Maybe I should get my dear Lydia to introduce her to young Hobbs-Winkleton; he's the man for her. Lots of money and almost as smart too. Arthur I think his name is."

"Welcome to my home, Joan," the Professor says as he offers her his hand. "Thank you for coming to our party."

She takes it and looks behind him at the mansion behind thinking, "This is a home? I should live in a palace like this."

Joan doesn't realize that she is being watched from a dark corner of the entry way by cold blue eyes. "You call this mansion just a home?" she asks her professor and boss with a smile.

He looks embarrassed, "Well I do live here so I do have to call it home. This is the oldest, and I think, the only plantation house left in the county. It's been in my family for generations." He turns to look at the house with affection, "It takes a lot of upkeep but I have given it to Lydia to look after. The money from the property just keeps trickling in and looks after everything. I keep a small apartment in the east wing while she has all the rest. Lydia does like her parties." 

The woman with the blue eyes snorts. "Trickles in! Good god the money pours in you stupid old man. And that little bitch isn't taking any of it from me. This mansion is mine and I'll own everything else if the old coot just dies soon."

There is the sound of tires on the gravel drive. "Oh, more guests, I must go down to greet them," the Professor says distractedly. "Hurry on inside Joan, there are lots of people you know here tonight."

Joan walks into the mansion with the vague feeling that her Professor Smythe, a man she respects, is acting like the doorman to his own home and she would know it was true if she had seen the look in the venomous blue eyes watching her and him.

The grand entranceway with its curving set of twin white marble staircases leading to the second floor astounds her. The ceiling is three floors up and the walls are painted the blue that only the very rich seem to find for themselves. In front of her, between the stairs, are tall double doors of ornately carved wood standing open to reveal a ballroom filled with music and dancing couples. To her left and right are great rooms or living rooms as she was taught to think of them by her mother. 

Everywhere she sees beautiful laughing people with the women wearing dresses even more daring than hers in bright colors and patterns. She knows that at least one lady is naked under her dress too by how low the back of her dress plunges. The men all look so handsome in their dark suits and ties. She wonders, not for the first time, how women get to have all these choices of color and styles while men can only choose black or grey suits, or be daring and buy a blue one or even white. "Or maybe a pink one," She thinks and laughs to herself at that thought. 

She sees a tall, young woman with blond hair piled high on her head wearing a tight, shimmering gold floor length dress strutting out of the hall in very high heels. Even as she admires her beauty she feels a coldness coming from her and shudders.

"Where did that come from?" she thinks and then forgets about it. "Oh god why did I choose black? Everybody is wearing such bright colors."

Joan shouldn't have worried about what she is wearing. Many eyes, male and female, watch her pretty young form as she wanders the rooms looking at the beautiful things around her and hoping to meet someone she knows. 

As she looks for someone to talk to Joan is starting to finally feel sort of comfortable when a tall blond girl that seems to be her own age or just a little older approaches her. 

"She must have painted that dress on!" Joan thinks with amazement looking at the blue eyed woman in front of her and remembers the extravagant blond hairdo of the woman she had seen walking away in the entry.

"You must be Joan, my husband's assistant at the lab. My name is Lydia Simpson-Smythe," the girl says holding out her hand. 

Joan is a little slow in answering; she is distracted by the sheerness of the woman's dress. It is so sheer she can almost see her nipples and if she wasn't a true blond down there..., "Oh yes, Professor Smythe has told me so much about you. He is such a wonderful man to work for."

Lydia just smiles at Joan; dragging out the moment, "Would you like to see what he is really working on Joan?"

"I don't understand."

"It's just a short walk out to the old horse barn that he uses as his lab. Come, I want to show you."

"But."

"It'll only take a minute and you are so interested in John's work."

Joan wonders who John is and then remembers that it is her Professor's first name, "Would he mind?"

"Of course not. Come let me show you another world; a world you never imagined."

"But."

"What he has at the university is nothing. Here is where his real work is."

"But he has never told me."

"Of course not; it's a secret."

"Does he want me to know, Lydia?"

"Yes," Lydia says with a smile that doesn't reach her eyes. A cold smile that Joan misses completely in her anxiety at being asked to go and see her professor's private lab.

Lydia takes Joan's hand in hers, "Come on, I'll take you down there and we'll be back so quick that nobody will notice."

"Well, if it's alright with Professor Smythe."

"Is that what you call him when you are alone with him?"

Joan misses the coldness, the venom, and the hate in that last little statement, "Yes it is; he is helping me with my masters degree."

Lydia chuckles at that muttering, "I'll show you what masters are."

"What?"

"Nothing, Joan. Let's go now while we are alone on the patio."

Taking Joan's hand in hers Lydia pulls her along the paved path to the old stables thinking, "I've got her now! In a few minutes she will be gone and I will have that old fool, John, to myself. Arthur is going to be so happy with me when I tell him that I have saved our money again. Maybe we can sneak away for some fun later after the old man goes to bed. I was so happy when John took my suggestion and moved into the other wing."

The two girls hurry down the path with Lydia urging Joan on in her haste until they reach the barn door. Once there Lydia places her hand against a pad on the wall and leans forward to look into a lens, "Only two people can get in here," she tells the girl whose hand she still holds tight. "It takes a palm print and a full retina scan to get in."

When the door slams shut behind them Joan realizes that a tank couldn't blast its way into this building that looks like an old horse barn. Inside she recognizes computers and machines from the lab at the university and sees other things that are unfamiliar like the chair in the center of the room surrounded by field generators. It looks like the chair of a mad dentist. 

Joan walks around the room looking at everything. "What does this do?" she asks Lydia as she looks at a puzzling piece of equipment.

"I'm not sure but I do know how to work the controls. Why don't you sit in the chair, dear?"

"Are you sure Lydia?"

"I won't do anything, I promise. There are some things I forgot to do here today for my John."

"OK," Joan says as she sits on the strange chair."

She hears Lydia typing at a terminal behind her, "Are you in yet? Make sure that your arms and legs are where they are supposed to be, dear."

"Um, why?"

"You'll see."

When Joan puts her arms and legs in the grooves for them in the chair she hears Lydia sigh then is startled when hard steel hoops spring up around her wrists and ankles to trap her in.

"We can't have your arms and legs missing when you get to the other world, can we," Lydia tells the frightened girl in front of her.

"What other world? Let me go!"

"I can't do that. I can't have you fucking my husband you little slut. You won't take the money from me," Lydia yells almost spitting in her anger as she leans over Joan. Her arms are braced on each side of Joan's, "Nobody, but nobody is going to take John from me. I have spent too much time and effort to lose how rich I'll be when he dies." Lydia leans even closer to her captive, "You'll like your new world, slut. You'll have another John there to fuck and who ever else he gives you to."

"I don't understand. What are you going to do to me? I just work for Professor Smythe! There's nothing between us. I'm still a virgin!" Joan is very frightened at what is happening and tries every thought that comes to mind to calm this mad woman down.

As Joan struggles to free herself her dress rides up higher and higher to show her tormenter her lack of panties and hair between her legs.

"Look at you!" Lydia yells, "You little slut! How can a so called virgin be walking around without panties?" She pauses, "John always asks me to shave. Now I know why I don't; it would make me look like a little girl. Do you like looking like a little school girl for John?"

Joan just looks up at the crazed face above her and shakes her head no over and over, "You can't do this to me; people will notice that I am missing. They saw me here!"

"Oh, but I can send you to another world. I've done it at least a dozen times, maybe more."

"They are going to catch you sometime; you can't be doing this."

Lydia smiles down at her prey, her rival, "That's the best part; when I send you away you never existed here and you always were there."

Joan is fighting for her life and time too now; maybe the Professor will come looking for them. "But how do you know all this? If what you say is true you will forget me too. And how can you remember the others?"

Lydia smiles, "That's the best part. I will be the only one in this world that remembers you," then she laughs in Joan's face.

"But how can that be?" Joan asks trying to stall the bitch over her.

"Ah, John is so smart; I always knew that; I was his assistant before I married him. He made a protected booth for the operator of his 'Transdimentional Teleporter' as he calls this thing. I just call it my headache remover. How else can he know to bring his volunteers back from their test trips to other worlds?"

"Please Lydia, let me go. I won't say a thing. I promise."

"No! You are out of my life, you slut." There is a chime and Lydia smiles, "I have to go to the booth now. Enjoy your new life. The world you are going to is the same as here but very different."

There is the sound of the super conductors powering up and a loud whine as the whole room begins to throb and then there is nothing but a dark flash in her mind. 

When she opens her eyes again everything is the same. Joan looks around her thinking that the bitch is wrong. Nothing happened. The machine doesn't work and the woman is crazy.

Then she smells horses and sees their tack hanging on the plain wood walls that she remembers as white. The computers and machinery are all around her yet the room is wrong. Joan recognizes the same peculiar window in front of her and knows she is in the same barn; but one actually used for horses.

"Oh shit!" is all Joan can think as she sees more things wrong. "Where am I?"

Joan struggles to escape the bindings again but realizes that even she feels ...wrong; her breasts are bigger and sway heavily on her chest as she moves. She looks down at her herself and is surprised yet again by what she sees that she is wearing. Two seconds ago she was wearing a pretty black dress but now she has on a completely sheer gauzy dress that hides nothing. It is so lacy thin that she can't even guess at its color in the moonlight that beams in the window. 
