 Alexa watched as her brother, Andrew escorted in their new lab tech. Both carried the glow of satisfaction. She smiled at both of them in greeting. She would have to pull Grace aside later and talk to her. She was sure that her brother had treated her new friend well. After Andrew passed her, she caught Grace's eye. 'Meet me in the break room,' she mouthed. After nodding, Grace followed Andrew into the lab.

Grace sat at her desk and snuck peeks at her new lover. She knew that having an affair with the boss, couldn't be the smartest thing she could have done. Back home there were laws about such things and most workplaces didn't allow that. Not that it deterred many people. But on this planet, she wasn't sure what was proper and wasn't. But she knew it gave her a secret thrill to have intimate knowledge of her boss. 

Andrew tried desperately to keep his mind on the task in front of him. His chosen one was making it difficult though. Every time she glanced his way, he could feel the heat of her eyes on him. It was rather distracting to say the least. Maybe he needed to take some vacation time and take the delectable Grace with him. Maybe after a couple of days of taking her every way he could think of, would ease his awareness of her. Looking over at her, he caught her eyes. He watched as a blush spread over her ivory skin. Their telepathic link was growing even stronger. Oh, little one, he thought, you shouldn't be tempting me. I remember all to well what it felt like to be buried deep inside of your wet pussy. The blush heightened on her face and her breath became faster. Andrew groaned and knew that he shouldn't be tempting fate; that work was no place to be having those types of thoughts. But she was so irresistible. Sighing he tried to turn his wayward mind back to the task at hand. 

Grace met Alexa in the break room. Her new friend was nearly bursting at the seams. After pouring herself a cup of coffee, she sat down and waited for the inevitable questions to come. And she didn't have long to wait.

"How did it go?" Alexa asked as she sat down across from her.

"Wonderful." Grace said with a happy sigh. "Better than I have ever had."

"That's great. Did it help?" 

"I wish. But I'm not sure that getting involved with Drew, is the greatest idea. It's not commonplace where I come from. And this telepathic link between us, is rather distracting. I try not to think of any erotic thoughts but every time I feel his eyes on me, I can't help it." Grace ended in a wail.

"I can only promise that it will get better with time." Alexa said with a smile.

After a long morning, Andrew realized that he wasn't going to make it home without taking his chosen one. The intensity of his desire had only increased with every look that Grace had given him. So as lunch hour approached he waited for his sister to leave. She always had lunch with her chosen one every day. He was sure that they indulged in the same pastime that he wanted to indulge in with Grace. He heaved a sigh of relief when his sister told him she was leaving for her lunch. Quickly he followed her to the front of the office. As she paused at the front door, he stopped and spoke in low tones to her.

"Make sure you take a long lunch, Alexa. In fact you can have the rest of day off, if you want," he coaxed.

"Really?" She replied. "You've got it bad," she teased, before giving him a peck on the cheek. "Just make sure you lock the door behind me, little brother. I wouldn't want any customers interrupting your pleasure."

"Oh, I will," he said with a grin.

"I'll see you tomorrow. Have fun!" she said as she left. 

After closing the door and locking it, Andrew took a deep breath, then he went in search of Grace. He found her in the lab working on a sample. Walking up behind her, he spun the chair that she was sitting in around to face him. 

"What?" Grace squeaked in surprise.

"I need you right now," he growled before covering her mouth with his. As it had happened the night before, she went up in flames. He certainly knew how to use his tongue, she thought. 

"And I'm going to run it all over your little body.," he growled before taking the lobe of her ear into his moist mouth. A rush of pleasure washed over her as he continued to suck on her ear before running his lips down her neck. 

"Oh, God!" she gasped, before running her hands down his chest, to the edge of his pants. She toyed with the button for a moment before plunging her hand into them. He had said that he wanted her now, and she had been on the edge all morning. She was already so excited that she didn't need his endless foreplay. She wanted him deep inside her, right now! Pulling her out of her chair, Drew backed her up toward his desk. When they reached it, he turned her around so she was facing away from him. Giving her a gentle shove, he had her draped over it on her stomach. Grace moaned softly, hoping that he was going to give it to her now.

"Oh yes," he growled. "This first time is going to be fast and hard, little one. But don't worry," he continued, "I'm going to fuck your little pussy for the rest of the day." 

"But Alexa," she started.

"Is at home. She won't be back until tomorrow," he finished as he pushed his pants down. Reaching over, he flipped her skirt up and growled. His chosen one hadn't bothered with putting on any underwear. Placing the head of his cock against her moist cleft, he gave a deep groan and buried himself to the hilt. "Oh, yes! Damn, your pussy is wet," he growled as he bent over her. "And I'm gonna fuck it hard." Grace could do nothing but pant as he started hammering in and out of her. Almost immediately she was on the verge of climaxing under him. He gritted his teeth and pounded even harder into her. Placing his mouth next to her ear, he whispered softly, "You're gonna cum all over my cock, aren't you little one? I want you to soak it. I want to hear the wetness of our bodies joining together." 

Wrapping his arms around her body he rubbed his hand against her hard nipples and sent the other one between her legs. After finding the hard knot of her clit, he rubbed it. Immediately he could feel her get even wetter and start to tense up as her orgasm approached. 

"Oh yes. That's it, little one. Come on..." he coaxed as he continued to rub as he pounded in and out of her delectable body. 

Grace gritted her teeth and tried to stop her body from exploding. She wanted to enjoy it a little bit longer. Drew groaned when he realized her intentions. "No, little one. Right now!" he hissed in her ear. And to add fuel to the fire, he gave her the mental image of what they were doing.

Grace gasped as she received the image of them. She couldn't believe how hot it was. She saw herself draped over the desk, her blond hair escaping from its pins; her new lover hunched over her, thrusting rapidly in and out of her. And the sharp contrast of their clothed bodies with the passionate lovemaking they were participating in sent her over the edge. Drew growled in pleasure as he felt her body go rigid and then buck uncontrollably under him. 

"Yes, cum!" he encouraged.

"Drew!!!" she squealed, arching under him. 

He pinned her down and continued to hammer in and out of her. Grace whimpered as she felt another climax sneak up on her. It was Drew's turn to try and hang on. He wanted to send her over the edge again. But his body was more than ready to go over the edge itself. Fighting to hold on he straightened. But he wasn't prepared for Grace to follow him. Reaching behind her she wrapped her arms around his neck and rocked her hips urgently against him 

"Grace," he growled urgently. "Don't. You're gonna make me cum." 

"Yes!" she shouted as her orgasm rolled through her. "Cum with me!" 

"You asked for it." he growled as his orgasm shot like wildfire through his system. 

Grace screamed again when she felt the warmth of his climax. They hung together like that for a few minutes, trying to get their breaths back. 

"Hmm, maybe that'll tide me over until we get home," he said as he nibbled on her ear. Grace squirmed with pleasure and felt him start to harden inside of her again. 

"Then again, maybe not," She whispered as she pulled his head closer to her and placed a moist kiss on his lips...