 I had been running so fast that when the Kull hit me from behind, we went down in a twisted mass of long limbs and longer hair. I had lost the tie to my waist length braid hell knows where, probably miles back. And this Kull's hair was pretty long to, held back only enough to keep his eyes free. Kind of hard to be all berserker warmongering if you can't see from the hair in your eyes, I figured in that insane way one can sometimes go all analytical and fact figuring at the weirdest of times.

Then we were rolling over and over in that pretty clearing. And I could hear the softly comforting sound of the creek gurgling lazily over the rocks. And the damn birds chirping cheerfully. And it all pissed me off in this vague, back of my mind way.

I had this distant thought that it was a damn good thing this Kull never used his weight on me the dozen or so time we were rolling across the meadow clearing. Because he was at least twice my weight and could have easily crushed me. Hell, he was over a foot taller then me! He was seven foot something easy.

And then we stopped rolling, with me on top. And I erupted into a desperate battle to wrench free of the two arms that had clamped like steel around my body.

I couldn't claw at him. He had my arms trapped between us.

I screamed my rage and desperation, and tried to knee him. Fuck me, no holds barred here! I don't think it's very nice to knee a man in the jewels, but this wasn't exactly a normal situation. I had never been coached on the etiquette of first contact with an alien race. And considering that this alien had me trapped on top of him, with a very obvious and rather alarmingly sized erection pressing into my belly my only thought was to get the fuck gone! And I didn't care how much damage I had to cause to be up and running like hell again!

When I tried to knee him, he snarled and rolled us over. And suddenly my chance for escape seemed to drop instantly to right, maybe in your dreams!

Because I couldn't even move, not so much as a wriggle. I had over a quarter ton of male on top of me. And that was more then enough to easily keep me where he wanted me.

He trapped both my wrists in one big hand, slamming them down against the earth up over my head, high, hard and tight. Then used his free hand to rake and push my wildly swirling hair away from my face. I guess he wanted a good look at what he had captured.

He grinned down at me with feral, rapacious pleasure, and jerked my captured wrists up even higher over my head.

I glared up at him with furious, impotent rage. And the bastard laughed at me.

"Pretty little slut." He rumbled.

He spoke English. That scared the shit out of me. It meant they weren't here just randomly. They knew enough about Earth to learn our language. I wasn't sure I wanted to know how they had. I hoped it was all science fiction done via computers or some other version of alien technology. Because to think they had maybe been taking people from earth for God alone knew how long to learn our language was not a comforting thought.

Why was this happening to me? I was a junior in college. I wasn't up for dealing with this. I wanted to write for my life. I was working towards an English degree, thinking I wanted to work at a publishing company until I was good enough at writing to pay my way doing that. I was carrying a minor in minority studies. But an alien race was a much different subject then say the Latino community or the Native American nation.

He dropped his lower body to settle heavily between my sprawled thighs and my eyes went wide and everything I was stupidly thinking about left my mind.

How the hell did he run so fast, assuming he had that the entire time? Because he was hard already, when he tackled me from behind.

I bucked up violently, having some crazy stupid idea of trying to throw him off. I'd have had better luck trying to move a fucking lightening dropped tree for all the good it did me.

He liked it though. It made him shudder in a way that vibrated that massive body against mine.

He literally purred down at me. "Do that again."

"Like hell!" I yowled. "Get off!"

"So you can try and kick me where you kicked my pack mate? I think not girl."

I was a woman facing a man she knew instinctively was stronger then her. That point was a total no brainer. An absolute given. The man had a foot at least over me in height and probably weighed close to twice what I did. So I was a bit reeling at this point.

None of this was normal. First of all we had the whole, hey alien, first contact thing here. And then add to that the whole this alien is on top of me and alien or not I know a fucking hard on when it's pressing against my belly!

So I responded as normal. I panicked and I went wild. Fighting and jerking and trying to get free like a spitting little Irish hellion wildkatt. I knew I wasn't getting anywhere and that I was just exhausting myself. But I wanted him off me so desperately. I knew I was a tiny, tasty bit of prey to a great big, fierce predator. There was no room for my thinking mind to tell me that I couldn't win this. I just went all primal, fighting like hell!

I'm from Earth. I couldn't wrap my mind around the ways of the Kull. I had no clue. No idea. And thus, no chance.

I just went totally, animal wild. Nothing in my mind beyond the fact that I was the prey of something much bigger and stronger then me. I knew that much. I knew from the start I wouldn't, couldn't win. Some people just play dead at that point. And some go feral wild, like a simple mindless beast with one leg caught in the vicious teeth of a steel trap, a creature willing to chew that leg away to try for freedom. 

During those long, sweaty moments I learned that I wasn't one to play dead and give up.

I fought him so hard. He wasn't of my world. He wasn't human. And I just let go and fought him like a pure animal. I let go of what my society expected of a civilized woman.

I fought him with the part of me that had always remained submerged because I had never needed it. Never had to fight off a mugger or rapist, never had a boyfriend suddenly lose his temper and try and hurt me. I have never had to fight anyone before.

I remember thinking in this dazed way, hey I'm actually kind of good at this, too bad he weighs twice what I do. If only he was my size and weight...and then the knife was flashing up over us, silver and shiny.

I screamed protest to the beautiful, cloudless blue sky. I wasn't going to beg this alien bastard for mercy. Nobody gets out alive. I guess today was my day to really learn that.

And the knife came down, slamming hilt deep into the hard soil over my head.

"Fuck!" I snarled, screaming again, the adrenalin shock when the knife connected with the ground rather then my heart nearly doing me in. "You chicken shit son of a bitch!" I howled.

He had slid his belt off while we wrestled and managed to snag it tight around my wrists. The knife that drove down, pinned the free end of that belt, and thus my wrists, to the ground over my head. And that ground was stone hard dry. The belt was pulled tight around my wrists, no escape there. And I couldn't pull the knife out of the earth he'd punched it so deeply into.

"God damn it you fucker!" I shrieked, kicking out at him wildly as he flipped lithely to his feet.

I didn't connect. And he stood there just out of reach of any kick attempts, grinning down at me.

God those silver eyes were pretty!

I yelped and banged my head sharply against the hard ground. What the hell was wrong with me? Here I was all bondage babe pinned to the ground and yet thinking, hey wow, my rapist dude has really pretty eyes!

"Stop it!" I spat. "You're doing something to me. Just fucking stop it you jerk! You're twice my weight and over a foot and a half taller. And I'm pinned to the God damned ground. Stop doinghatever the hell you're doing!" And then of course that insane, yep, here's a trait that evolution is gonna be leaping at to kill off curiosity perked. "What the hell are you doing to me? What kind of psych thing you got?"

He smiled at me, pulling his shirt over his head.

"It is not a "psych" thing." He corrected me. "We are a warrior race. The males of my people can be rather...alarming...to our females. They are not made to fight and resist as you seem inclined to. But they are quite adept at hiding. When a warrior of my people is seeking a mate, he sends out a scent that primes the woman he has chosen.."

"Oh, I know! Wait, what's that word....P something? Oh shit!" I yelped and would have slapped myself...were my hands NOT kind of tied up. What the hell was wrong with me! "Quit doing that!"

He looked down at me, his hands stilling at his waist.

"I have already stopped.. There is no more need for it. You are primed."

I gawked up at him for a moment. Oh!!!! No no no no no!

"No I'm not!" I yelped, fighting fiercely to try and wrench the knife out of the hard earth.

"I am not primed!" I screeched. "I am so way not primed! You stay the hell away from me!"

He ignored my fishwife shrieks and thrashing and continued calmly to undress.

When his pants came off I paused in my getting no where struggles to gape wide eyed for a moment. I suddenly could really understand why the females of his race had their tendency to hide. For all I knew the females of his race stood seven feet themselves and put the earth Amazons of lore to shame. Even so...gods above and below I would have sold my soul to be free to hide.

"Please." I whispered to him, suddenly so scared I couldn't even swallow. "Don't do this to me. I'm begging you.. Just let me go. I'll never say anything about Kulls. I'm really good with words. I can make them believe that Lynn just freaked about that wood chuck and I never caught up with her. No one would ever believe me anyhow, ever if I tried to tell them!"

He stood there over me, within kicking reach. I should have tried I guess.

"Please. Let me go."

For a moment those silver cold eyes softened. Then they went metallic again and I knew.

"I need a mate." He growled. "There are not enough females being born on my world. I did not come here to find an Earth mate. I came simply because my pack leader asked for my assistance in getting his mate back. But I need a mate, or I will die. Your scent called to me. When my blood brother took his woman back I should have stopped the chase, and faded to shadow to keep watch at his back. And I would have if he asked. But he told me, happy hunting, brother of my blood. He knew."

"Your blood, your sweat, your tears...they sing to me. There can be no other for me now. Unless you die."

He dropped to crouch over me so fast my mind and eyes reeled.

He loomed over me, around me. Just so fucking big and there and all I could do was stare up at him. God, he was so warm. I felt the flesh of his long legs against mine like a furnace that would eat and consume me when he touched me.

"God! Don't...please." I whimpered.

His hand snapped out like white lightning, and tightened around my throat.

"You have two choices woman. Accept me as your mate. Or die."

My mind said, let's try option number three. And so I exploded. My hands were tied, but damn it I was a runner. I knew my legs were strong. So I tried to kick him off.

And got no where.

I screamed my fury at him, best I could around the hard fingers clamped about my throat. "So kill me already, you son of a bitch!" I spat.

He smiled down at me. Oh God, oh God...no! He used his free hand to smooth my wild hair almost gently away from my face.

"Pretty little thing you are." He purred softly. "Tiny, yet so fierce." He slid a hot finger down the side of my face. "I think you will be a good mother. You are one who has the instinct. You would not hesitate to kill, should any dare to threaten our cubs."

I stared up at him, tears turning my green-gold eyes to crystal wells. Gods above and below...what the hell was he talking about? I was too young for cubs. What were cubs anyhow? Was he just talking about babies?

I was only 19! I wasn't even on birth control. Of course that was because I was still virgin, and kind of planning to stay that way, at least a little while longer.

"Untouched." He suddenly rasped.

What? Was he reading my mind?

"What? Oh no!" I wailed as he dropped to cover me.

It was the end off innocence.

It wasn't gentle, and it wasn't tender. It wasn't the stuff of fluffy, romantic love story books.

He tore my running shorts off, and my simple baby blue bikini panties, driving his cock hard up and ripping away my virginity even as he ripped my tank top away.

And I screamed to the beautiful, blue sky. Because it hurt! Gods above and below it hurt. He was huge, and I was untried. And he fucked that cock into me the way a conqueror takes his vanquished prey, hard and fast and giving no mercy.

I screamed until he growled low, and dropped his mouth over mine, to choke off my scream.

I tried to bite him, but he bit me instead , those sharp, strong white teeth I had glimpsed when he had grinned at me nibbling on my lower lip, drawing blood, then licking it away with obvious pleasure. I tore my mouth free and gasped. "Please stop! It hurts!"

He licked up my throat and bit the lobe of my ear. "I know. But it will be good soon."

I didn't see how the hell feeling like I was being torn in half could ever feel good, and then his hand slid between us and went to my clit, and I jolted.

"Oh!" I whimpered, trying to get away from those fingers. I didn't want it to be good. I was being raped by an alien. And I had a bad feeling, that when he went back to where he belonged, he was going to take me with. I wanted to keep fighting! But it was hard to remember I was supposed to do that. I don't know if it was what he had admitted the males of his race did, to make their females want mating. Or just the fact that I was a young, sexually ready woman experiencing her first time with a man, albeit an alien one. But when he started playing with my clit, and then ducked his head to lick and lightly bite back and forth between my nipples, I just responded.

Suddenly the hard flesh sliding in and out of my dampening core didn't feel like such a hateful, hurtful invasion. It started to feel good. I arched against him, when he started to pull out, and he groaned, ramming his cock back deep.

He purred against the nipple he had been suckling, and it made my belly clench tight. I shoved my body up and clenched my cunt tight around the cock impaling me and he snarled, low and deep, biting my nipple hard. He reared up, planted his arms next to head and stared down at me, those metallic silver eyes almost blinding in the intensity of their shine.

"Yes. Good, my mate. And now we fuck. And you will know that you are mine and that I will give every last drop of my blood until the end times come to protect you and the cubs we will share. Know this, I will die for you and ours, I swear oath to that promise."

I stared back up at those beautiful eyes and thought I had probably gone insane because I wasn't scared or angry anymore. This was what my life had been leading me towards. This was my destiny, corny as that might sound. I didn't really have anything, or anyone on earth. Yes, I was a bright, brilliant, talented young woman, with much to give to the world. Was it wrong, to decide, and willingly give those skills and talents, to a world other then Earth?

Life had chosen to offer me a wild adventure. I could live in another world, mate to the sort of man I would probably never find on earth. Was I willing to take the chance?

"And I will give my last drop of blood and my last breath to protect you and the cubs that come. I will even die for you and they, I swear oath to that promise!" I gasped out, feeling like I was going to die from the intensity of this.

Fucking hell, I was a 19 year old country girl! What was happening to me? I had never been so scared in my life!

"I'm scared." I whispered, still staring up at him.

He kissed me, his tongue slipping over my lips, wetting them comfortingly.

"I know mate. It's all right though.. I will take care of you. You know that."

And I did. Somehow, I did know that when a Kull male took a mate, hell and the devil himself would have a battle on his hands should the evil one seek to interfere.

"Why me?"

"Because you were made for me."

Oh God, I knew I was. Didn't matter that we from different worlds. I was made for him. I was made to be his mate.

I whispered up to him. "Release me. I need to touch you."

He grinned with arrogant pleasure, and easily yanked the knife free of the hard earth, releasing my wrists from the belt.

I moaned, softly. "Now fuck me."

And he did, while I wrapped my thighs around his waist and fucked back hard against the thick, long cock eagerly slamming in and out of my wet pussy.

I pulled on that long hair and bit him. And he laughed with the joy of a male who had found a mate when many of his world died still desperately seeking one.

Thus he took his pleasure twofold. He knew he was likely to fill my fertile belly with his seed, and give cubs to his world, some of whom would be female. And so fucking me hard, he knew his world would go on.

And heaven or hell will never have a hope at getting the best over the cub of an Irish heathen hellion of a bitch brat and a Kull warrior. Hello world, we're here.