 This a continuation of the other two stories. Feedback is welcome.

Alexa sighed as she opened the front door to the office that she shared with her brother, Andrew. Joseph, her chosen had been gone for a week on business, and she sure missed his warm comforting arms at night, when she got home from a long days work. It didn't help that her brother's chosen, Grace worked with both of them and she got to see them moon over each other every day. It wasn't much different, she supposed than she and Joseph were together. She was not surprised to see that Andrew had already arrived. He was always the first one in and usually the last one to leave at night. She was surprised however that she didn't see Grace any where in the office. Placing her purse and coat in the coat closet, she wandered back into Andrew's lab. She found him hunched over his desk with his head braced between his hands.

"Andrew, is everything okay?" She asked as she walked over to his desk and leaned against it.

"I don't know what to do, Alexa. Grace has left." 

"What?" Alexa asked in disbelief. It was unheard of for chosen ones to leave each other. They needed the constant presence of their mate to function.

"Yes, she left me." Andrew growled as he raised his head and looked up at her. Alexa gasped when she saw the huge bags under his silver eyes and patchiness of his normally smooth skin.

"When?" 

"Over the weekend." He growled. "She said something about needing some space."

"Doesn't she realize that isn't how it works between us?" Alexa asked hotly.

"I tried explaining it to her, sis. But she comes from a race that doesn't normally bond together mentally as well as physically." He said softly as he rubbed the back of his neck.

"I'm sorry, Andrew. Did she say when she would be back?" 

"No. She went home to her apartment and I don't even know if she is coming to work today." He said, rising out of his chair to start pacing the length of his office. In the outer office her phone began to ring. 

"I'll be right back, Andrew. I have to answer that."

"You're hoping to talk to Joseph. Sorry sis, I can't imagine going with out Grace for week. Even one night is hard. Go answer the phone, I'll be alright." Andrew said with a sigh as he moved over to the window.

Grace stood next to the phone unit in her kitchen and waited for someone in the office to pick up. She had spent a couple of lonely nights in her apartment. Where the sheets had the lingering smell of Drew. Probably left behind the last time that he had spent the night with her. She didn't understand how one minute she felt like she was being smothered in his presence, then when he let her have the space she wanted, she felt like the world was going to end because he wasn't there with her. She drummed her finger on the wall and listen to the phone ring for a fifth time. Surely Alexa would be in by now. She had waited til now to call because she didn't want to give into her overwhelming need for Drew. Finally Alexa's breathless voice came on. It sounded as if she had ran from the lab to get to the phone in time.

"Hello, Consolatory Labs. Alexa speaking. How may I help you?" Alexa answered.

"Hey, Alexa. It's Grace." She said softly, expecting her sister-in-law to hang up on her.

Alexa glanced over her shoulder, quickly before covering her mouth so Andrew couldn't hear her. 

"Call me back on my walkie." She said referring to the cell-phone like device that they used on this planet.

"Alright." Grace said disconnecting the phone.

"Andrew, I'll be back in a minute." Alexa said from the doorway of the lab.

"Okay." Drew said still pacing around his lab almost mindlessly. Rushing towards the break room, she waited for her walkie to ring. When it did she answered it quickly.

"What's going on, Grace? Andrew is a basket case and you aren't here." Alexa asked immediately.

"I don't know." Grace said with a sigh. "I needed some space from Drew."

"Do you love him?" Alexa asked.

"Yes, of course I love him. That's not the problem. I don't know how to deal with this. This is nothing like what I would go through if I was on Earth. I'm at a loss here." Grace responded sadly. "I feel like I've been thrown into the deep end and have to keep my head above water with out any swimming lessons. I don't know what to do or say." 

"Oh sweetheart." Alexa whispered. "I'm so sorry that you feel that way. But you're going to have to deal with it. I know you didn't understand what all was entailed with bonding with Andrew but you can't be apart."

"Drew, said something about that. I don't understand. How do your couples function while they're separated?"

"It's very difficult. Joseph and I have been bonded for over five years, Grace. It still isn't comfortable when we are apart but we're both secure enough to handle it."

"Secure enough?" Grace asked rubbing her forehead. She had the start of a headache.

"Yes. Joseph and I know that other will always return. So it makes our separation more comfortable than it would be if that knowledge wasn't there." She told her friend. "But this isn't Joseph and I that we're talking about. This is about you and Andrew. Andrew doesn't know if he's even going to see you again. Unfortunately this isn't like your earthling marriage. The bonding that you agreed to combined your spirits along with your physical bodies."

"So what are you saying." Grace asked concerned.

"Do you feel lost without him, Grace?" Alexa asked.

"Yes." Came her whisper a few moments later.

"Now double what you are feeling. That's what Andrew is going through." Alexa said. "I'm not going to sugar coat this, Grace. Andrew is not good today. He's restless. He looks like hell and worse he has no desire to do anything at all. This early in your bonding, it is certain death to be separated for more than a few hours every day."

"So your saying that the longer we're together the easier it will be to be apart?" 

"No. I'm not saying that. Just that it's easier to tolerate. You'll always want to be with your chosen. That's why many bonded couples work together. In fact there's a place on all of our applications that asks how long an applicant has been bonded." There was silence at the other end of the phone.

"How is he doing?" Grace asked.

"Like I said, not good."

"Then I guess, I better come into work, then. I thought about taking the day off to think."

"When did you leave him, Grace?" Alexa asked as a thought occurred to her.

"Saturday night, why?" 

"Oh, hell. I'll have to close the office." Alexa said softly. "Don't come in until I have time to reschedule all of our appointments for today."

"Why?" Grace asked confused.

"Because my dear sister-in-law, for every day that you have been apart, you can expect at least 2 hours of makeup sex. So I figure that you have about four hours worth. And I'm not going to explain to customers what all the noise in the lab is."

"You're expecting Drew and I to have sex in the lab?" Grace asked with a strained laugh.

'Grace, honey, there's no expect. There's not any way to stop it from happening. When my brother finally sees you, the first thing he's gonna do is reaffirm that you are still his chosen. And the most basic way to do that is to make love. He'll have no control over it. Neither will you. So do me a favor, wait an hour and then come in. I'm gonna lock up when you come in, so you won't have an audience. Do your self a favor, Grace, don't wear anything you don't want him ripping off you." Alexa said as she hung the phone.

Alexa walked into the lab and saw her brother staring mindlessly at his computer. Walking past him she shut all the blinds until the lab was darkened.  Glancing over at her, he barely noticed what she had done.  Walking back over to his desk, she leaned down and gave him a hug. 

"I'm taking the rest of the day off, Andrew."

"Why?"

"As a thank you from you."

"For what?" He asked confused.

" For talking your chosen into coming into work today." Alexa replied as she brushed the hair off his face. 

"Alexa, you know what's gonna happen." He growled. "If you can talk her into coming into work, then talk her into letting me go to her apartment or coming to mine."

"Don't worry. I've rescheduled all our appointments. When she shows up I'll lock the doors behind me." Alexa said before she headed back out to her desk. 

As requested, Grace showed up at the office an hour after she got off the phone with Alexa. Taking a deep breath she pushed open the door. Walking in, she smiled at Alexa. Alexa motioned her to head back to the lab. Taking her coat off she laid it over the edge of Alexa's desk. She slowly pushed the door open, feeling the butterflies in her stomach increase. As her eyes adjusted to the darken room, she finally spotted Drew. He was sitting in his chair with his back to her. 

"Drew." She whispered softly.

"Don't come near me, Grace." He growled without turning around.

"What have I done wrong?" She asked.

"I don't want to hurt you, Grace. And I need you to be ready to accept me before you get with in touching distance." Drew finished as he gripped the arms of the chair tightly. The desire to claim his chosen was riding him hard. It had been since Alexa had told him that Grace was coming in.

"Ready for you?" Grace chuckled softly. "I've been ready for you since Alexa told me about your "make-up sex." I don't claim to understand this "bonded" thing. But I'm willing to try, Drew. Just be patient with me. I'll get it eventually.' Grace said as she crept closer. 

"Are you wet?" Drew asked her as he unzipped his pants. Immediately his hard manhood sprung out of the opening. Grace stopped just inches from him.

"Yes." She moaned softly. " Christ, I need you." 

"Good." He said as he spun the chair around and grabbed her. Reaching up under her skirt, he groaned when he realized that she wasn't wearing any underwear. And that she was wet clear down to her thighs. Yanking her forward the same time that he surged out of his chair, he brought her up and over his rampant erection. Bracing his feet apart he slammed her down on to his hard cock. Grace screamed as he buried every inch inside her. "I love you, Grace." He panted as he started thrusting her up and down.

"Oh, Drew. I love you too." She sobbed as she got closer to climaxing. "I'm sorry. So sorry." She gasped as she went over the edge and climaxed hard around his thrusting cock.

"YES!!!" he hissed as she quaked in his arms. "I love you and you're mine." He added as he backed them towards the wall. Pinning her between the wall and his hard body he continued to hammer in and out of her. "Please don't leave me again. Not like that." he gritted as he felt the climax coming.

"No. I won't." She whimpered.

"No, you won't. You belong with me." He panted as he tensed.

"Yes!!!" She squealed. "I'm coming!!! Fuck me hard." She gasped as her orgasm raced through her.

"Hell, yes! I'm gonna cum." he growled as he sank to the floor with her, still thrusting. "Mine. That little pussy's mine and I'm gonna fill it full!" Then his head snapped back and he froze above her. Grace stared up at him . Even as ragged as he looked, she still had never seen a more beautiful sight. Then he started hammering her as hard as he could as his seed exploded out of him and into her welcoming depths. "AHHHHHHH." He growled as he gave up his life giving fluid. It was all Grace could do to hold on to him as her body started spasming violently. As the tremors finally slowed she looked up at him.. She smiled softly. Until she felt him harden inside of her. 

"What?" She gasped.

"She wasn't lying, Grace." He whispered as he started to thrust again slowly. "I'm going to love you for the rest of the day. Then we'll see if you want to leave me again." All Grace could do is moan softly as he gently pushed her over the edge into another orgasm. 

Grace moaned softly as she stood. She could barely keep her balance. It didn't help that she had one shoe on and one off. Drew had managed getting her skirt and blouse off but that was all. Looking over her shoulder she could see him laying on the couch that graced one side of the break room. It looked like he was asleep. And lord did she hope so. Her alien was a sex machine. He hadn't gotten brutal with her but he must have climaxed five times in the last three hours. And she wasn't sure how many times he had pushed her over the edge. She knew that all she wanted was a glass of water and a warm bed to curl up and sleep on. Tip toeing across the break room, she opened the small fridge like contraption and grabbed a cold bottle of water. She nearly dropped it when she felt Drew's arm wrap around her waist and lift her off her feet. 

"I missed you." Drew whispered against the back of her neck as he lightly teased her naked nipples with his other hand. 

"Don't you ever get enough?" She gasped as the familiar surge of desire ran through her body.

"No." He growled as his lips ran over the side of her neck and up to her ear.

"Drew." She gasped.

"One more time, Grace. Let me have you one more time before we go home." He asked as he drew his fingers over her moist sex.. When she moaned softly, Drew took that for a yes and gently carried her back over to the couch and sat her down on it. Drawing her hips to the edge of the couch he slowly explored her soft folds until she begged him to take her. Sighing with pleasure he knelt on the floor and slowly sank inside her with a gentle thrust. 

"Look at me Grace." He ordered as he slowly started moving.

"What?' She gasped.

"What do you see?" He asked.

"You." She groaned.

"Look closer," He whispered as he delved deeper into her.

"The alien that loves me." She panted as she felt the familiar tingle of orgasm .

"That's right." He growled as he kissed her. "I'm your chosen, Grace. I can't live without you. I won't live without you." He finished as he pushed deeper into. 

"Ohh!" She gasped, arching her back at the tense pleasure that was spiraling through her lower body.

"That's right. No one else can give you this, Grace. Only I can." He told her as he continued to slowly thrust. Drew gritted his teeth against the urge to hammer in and out of his chosen. The mating fever that he had been in when she first arrived still had him wrapped in it's coils, but he knew that she wasn't one of his kind and didn't want to hurt her. Wrapping his arms around her, he held her tight as he slowly coaxed her body closer to the point of no return. He loved listening to her little gasps of pleasure. 

"Drew...please." She pleaded.

"I know, you want to come all over me."  He growled as he plunged a little bit deeper.

"Yes." She gasped as another surge of pleasure hit her. 

"Promise me that you'll stay." He coaxed as he urged her closer to the edge.

"What?" She panted as she fought to get closer. Drew grasped her hips and stilled her movements. 

"I won't go through this again. Love me enough to stay and work it out." He gritted as gazed into her beautiful green eyes. 

"I'll try." She whispered as she closer her eyes.

"Grace, look at me!" he growled. When her startled eyes meet his again, he continued. "Promise me." When she squirmed and pleaded with him to start moving again, he smiled. "I'm not gonna move til I get your promise, sweetheart." He warned softly.

"Yes, I promise." She finally sighed and then ran her fingers through his hair. Then tightening her grip she pulled his head down and nibbled at his mouth. "Now quit stalling and fuck me."

"Yes, Ma'am." He said before pulling his hips back and thrusting as deep as he could into her. At her soft moan, he smiled happily. Now that he had gotten what he wanted out of her, it was time for some serious loving. 

Sitting on the couch in her apartment, Drew sat with Grace cuddled on his lap. Watching the vid screen, he knew that he was going to have some serious adjustments to do for his chosen. He realized that she didn't understand the depths of the bonding that they went through. And at the time he had been too out of control and too selfish to stop and explain to her the enormity of her decision to bond with him. And in the back of his mind he knew that he had definitely taken advantage of her inexperience for his own needs. When she shifted he pulled her closer.  He knew that she was tired. She had dozed off next to him shortly after they had gotten back to her apartment. Of course he couldn't resist and had pulled her onto his lap. She hadn't so much as protested his actions. She had just dozed back off. In the morning, he decided. They would talk about it in the morning. Closing his eyes, he leaned his head back against the couch and savored the contentment that came from being with her.

When dawn came, the next morning, Grace woke wrapped in Drew arms. With a sigh of pleasure she snuggled closer. She had slept well in her chosen's arms. Idly she toyed with the soft hair that covered his chest. It was the same pitch black hair that graced his head but unlike men on her planet, the hair was so soft that it felt like cashmere. He may look like a human, she reminded herself, but he wasn't. She wasn't sure what to do with him either. She had been swept away in a moment of passion. In fact the passion that they generated was enough to overwhelm her. And did at times. She had nothing to compare this with. All her relationships on Earth were tepid compared to the intensity that she had found with Drew. Slipping out of his arms she pulled on her robe ,walked over to the window and watched as the first sun started to breach the night.  Another thing, she mused, that she had to get use to. A planet having two suns. She was not surprised when she heard Drew start to stir in her bed. Glancing over her shoulder she watched as he felt around for her. Then his eyes flew open and he looked around wildly.

"Grace!" And it that moment, Grace realized how deeply she had hurt him. 

"I'm here Drew." She said softly, then with a smile she beckoned him over. "Come and watch the sunrise with me." Pushing the rumbled sheets off of him, he stood and stretched before joining her in front window. 

"I thought you were gone." He mumbled sleepily as he pulled her into his arms.

"No. I promised I never leave again." Pulling back she looked into his silver eyes. "And I never break a promise."

"I've made the same to you, Grace." he whispered. "I won't ever leave. Does not matter how old we get or how sick or even how happy we are. I'll always be here with you. We have to find a way to make it work for both of us." 

"I've been thinking about that." She said softly.

"Any suggestions." He asked as he carried her back over to her bed.

"One. I was thinking of something called a girl's night out."

"What's that?" Drew asked confused.

"It's a tradition that we have at home. Once a week, all the girls get together without their husbands and kids. Then they go out and do something as group. Eat at a restaurant, go to a movie, or just hangout at one of the houses." She explained as he pulled her next to him and covered them both up.

"Sounds interesting. Can't say I've ever heard of it happening here though." 

"I can imagine. With the bonding the way it is. Most women probably don't think about doing something without their chosen."

"Yes, we are a civilization that is based on that fact." He agreed as she rested her head over his heart.

"Do you think that Alexa would be willing to try it out?"

"Hmm." He said after a moment. "How long do these girls night out last? A whole evening?"

"Not usually. Just a couple of hours." Grace whispered against his chest.

"So this custom is for women to get together and just blow off a little steam for a few hours?"

"Yes." Grace said, hoping that he understood.
