 "SCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!"

In the dead of night, with nothing around me, the sound of the car screeching down the road quickly woke me up. I hadn't heard a car running in weeks. Quickly, I got up and climbed the nearby ladder. Above me, I lifted the hatch and pulled myself up to the roof. The car had come to a stop about a hundred feet to my north, and the driver's door had been left wide open. Whoever they were, they had been in quite a hurry.

They had parked into a driveway, and a light suddenly flicked on inside. Inwardly, I groaned. "Thanks," I whispered to myself. The sound of the car wasn't a big enough give-away, they had to pinpoint their location for the undead. As I made my way down the ladder, closing the hatch overhead, I heard the first shotgun blast ring out, cutting the silence of the night. With the hatch secured, I climbed down and walked into the small sitting room.

It had been months since the plague hit; we weren't sure what exactly was occuring, but we found out in a hurry that our dead were coming back to life. No one was ready for that first week, when all hell broke loose. People didn't care for one another; it was all about getting yourself the fuck out of there. Some of the smarter people banded up and formed groups to help fend off the attacks. I had been in one of those groups. Ours had been only ten people, but we had been fortunate enough to come across the abandoned hospital. We had secured one of the upper floors and had made that our base of operations for a few weeks. However, that didn't last and we were scattered.

I'm not sure what happened to the other four that had gone south. Of the six of us that went eastwards, only I had made it. The others, one by one, were cornered and killed off. I had come across a small grocery store and holed up in there. It had showed signs of once being inhabited, but whoever had been there was long since gone.

The sound of a shotgun going off pulled me away from my reverie. Four shots went off, then nothing. There was silence.

I had fixed up the base at the grocery store when I first came to it, putting up boards and moving shelves against the larger openings. The backroom had an escape to the roof via a ladder and hatch, which is where I stayed now. There had been ammunition and various weapons, not to mention a lot of non-perishable foods that would keep me alive for some time.

Over the last few weeks, I had been able to keep in shape by jogging around the roof and doing various exercises, whatever it took to keep my mind busy and body limber. I heard the car door suddenly slam shut and the car turn on before I heard that dreaded noise. 

"HRRRRRRRNNNNNNNNNNNNN..."

The moan. That awful fucking noise I have come to detest, that I had prayed I'd never hear again. With a sigh, I grabbed the scoped rifle nearby and a box of bullets. Slipping the strap across my shoulder, I climbed the ladder and lifted the hatch once again. Making my way towards the ledge, I noticed the car hadn't moved; the door was ajar again, with someone standing on the hood. A few zombies were dragging themselves from the west towards... her?

HER?

I wasn't sure what to do. She had only a few minutes before they would be on her, but I could tell she was already panicking. Her sight wasn't on the zombies; instead, she was looking around for a quick escape. I wondered why she wasn't using the car, but something must have been wrong with it. Setting the rifle down, I grabbed the rope-ladder that I had made earlier. Tossing it down the side of the wall, I prayed that I could give her enough of a chance to make it here.

Picking up the rifle, I aimed down the sights and fired. One of their heads popped off, exploding in a cloudy mist of blood. The echo of the gunshot rung out across the valley, alerting everything towards me. I turned to her and waved the gun, hoping she'd notice me. Thankfully, she was quicker than I was; already, she was sprinting towards the wall, her eyes on the rope ladder.

"HURRY UP!" I yelled, before kneeling down and aiming through the sights. Another shot fired; another zombie's head popped off. I looked over the ledge and she was climbing up, her shotgun tucked between her bag and her back. When she climbed over the ledge, I grabbed the ladder and pulled it up over and led her to the hatch. "Go ahead and climb down," I whispered. She nodded and quickly made her way to the room. I followed after, closing the hatch behind me.

"Thank you," she whispered, hugging me tightly as soon as my feet were on the ground. I wrapped my free arm around her shoulders.

"You're welcome," I said, pulling away and smiling to her. She had shoulder-length brown hair and dark eyes, with a light skin-tone. Her clothes looked disheveled, as did she; I could tell she hadn't slept in awhile, and probably not eaten properly. "Go ahead and sit down, rest up."

She nodded, looking around. "Where?" she asked.

"Just ummm, you can lie down on the bed. I'll get you some new clothes and something to eat and drink," I replied, before giving her a quick smile and making my way towards the other room. I had gathered some clothes from a few houses nearby every now and then, simply because I liked the thought of a "fresh" set of clothes. When I walked back to the other room, she was sitting on the edge of the bed, which was just two mattresses stacked atop one another, quietly crying. I sat beside her and set the clothes behind her.

"I'm sorry," she whispered, leaning to me and crying on my shoulder. I wrapped my arms around her and comforted her the best I could.

"Nothing to be sorry for," I said, rubbing her back. "I know it's been rough, but you're still alive."

She nodded and pulled away. "But I put you in danger. I--"

"Hey, let's not worry about that." As if on cue, the loud, guttural groan of the damned seemed to turn up a notch. I rolled my eyes. "They know we're around here, so we'll have to stay holed up for a bit. We can go to the roof and walk around the store, but we have to be careful."

"Is the store safe?"

"Yeah," I said. "I've been here for a few weeks now. It got overrun once, but I think they just didn't work together. We'll do better than they did." I placed my hand on her shoulder and gave her a soft squeeze. She smiled; despite her weariness, she was beautiful. "Anyways, go ahead and change and eat. There's food in the other room, help yourself. I'll be back in a few minutes." I stood up and grabbed the rifle again and walked back to the ladder.

"Be careful," she said.

"Of course," I replied. I looped the strap over my shoulder and climbed back up. When I got to the roof and looked over the ledge, my heart caught in my throat. Thousands of the undead had lined the streets, wandering around aimlessly. A few were at the wall, scratching and pounding on it. I walked around the roof, looking at the streets, seeing if they were surrounding us. Thankfully, they weren't; they had congregated on the western wall, with a few stragglers on the northern and southern walls. I removed the scope from the rifle and scanned the east, to see how I could create a distraction further away from us.

"The gas station..." I murmured. I was certain it was empty of any gasoline, but there was a chance it could create a very large explosion. I reattached the scope to the rifle and aimed down the sights, ensuring I could get a perfect shot.

"Hey." Her voice behind me startled me. I pulled the trigger.

The silence that followed surprised me more. When I looked at the rifle, I was surprised to see I had put on the safety. I had no recollection of ever doing that. Slowly, I turned to her and smiled. "Hey, you surprised me."

She had changed into some jeans that hugged her legs tightly. She wore her boots still but had tossed on a hoodie. "Sorry," she said, making her way to me. I turned and pointed to the gas station. "You think there's gas?" she asked.

I shrugged. "I think so, but if there's not, it's ok. It's a distraction."

"We could fill my car up and get out of here, though."

"And go where?" She had no reply. "No offense, but your car isn't a good escape vehicle. It's too small."

"It was just an idea," she said, suddenly sounding very defensive. I sighed and turned to her.

"I--" I stopped. It hit me suddenly. "What's your name?"

"Aja," she said.

"Aja, I'm Chris." I gave her a smile. "I have a vehicle hidden, that is my escape should this place get overrun or I need to relocate." She nodded. "Did you eat?"

"Yeah, a little bit. I don't have much of an appetite," she whispered. "I just keep hearing their moans, and the--" she stopped and bit her lower lip. I placed my hand on her arm, gave her a soft squeeze.

"Let's not think about that. You let them get into your head, you're as good as dead." I withdrew my hand. "I know you're tired and scared and your confidence is shot. Things are bleak, yes, but you cannot give up hope." I turned back to the east, to the gas station. "Tomorrow, we'll help build your confidence the only way I can think of."

"How's that?" she asked, giving me a quizzical look.

"Simple." I took her hand in mine and led her to the ladder. "We build a bomb."

She gasped. "A bomb?" I pointed to the ladder and she made her way down. I followed her, shutting the hatch and setting the gun aside.

"Yeah, a bomb. We have plenty of supplies here in the store. It has to be light, though. I'll have to travel fast and--"

"I'm coming with you," she interrupted. Before I could reply, she continued. "You saved me today from certain death. You've been kind and sweet, you've been helpful. Let me help. Please?"

"Aja, I can't. I need you here." She seemed defeated, so I took her hands in mine. "I don't know if this will work or not. If it doesn't, you'll need to shoot the gas tank, wait a few hours, then escape."

She didn't like that one bit; I could tell just by the look on her face. "I've lost too many friends and family already, Chris. You're the first person I've talked to in the last month. I can't lose you."

I nodded. "I know it's tough." I pointed to the other room. "Let's go eat."

Over the next few hours, we ate and scoured the store, looking for whatever I felt would make an incredibly powerful yet light bomb. We took the ingredients to the roof and piled them in a corner before throwing a few articles of clothing atop them. Mostly, it was laundry detergent and bleach, as well as hair products. When we had collected enough materials, I led Aja back into the main room. We ate again in somewhat silence; as time passed, the low groan seemed to only increase. I knew, then, more would be coming and I had to think up a quick route from here to the gas station; one that wouldn't leave me exposed, wouldn't put Aja in danger and, most importantly, would get me back safely. Unfortunately, I didn't have any maps.

"Something the matter?" Aja asked. I shook my head.

"Just don't have any maps, need to go back to the roof." I nodded to one of the other scoped rifles hanging on the wall. "Grab one, let's go. I'll need a second set of eyes."

She seemed to glow at the thought and quickly grabbed the rifle, slinging it over her shoulder. As I climbed up and opened the hatch, the cold caught my face and felt immediately refreshing. Though the night wasn't truly chilly, the cool breeze was a pleasant surprise. Nights were either very cold or very hot; this medium was welcoming. I reached down and helped pull Aja up onto the roof. We walked to the eastern wall and looked down. Like before, there were no zombies along that wall or wandering the streets. 

"How far away do you think it is?" she asked. I took the scoped rifle off my shoulder and removed the scope, handing it to her. She, in turn, handed me her rifle and I aimed down its sights.

"Not too far, maybe a mile." I looked to the right, southbound, and noted a few buildings. "If I can go through those houses, then catch that alley, I'd be about halfway to the station. Follow Parkway down--"

"You can't take the streets for that long," Aja interrupted. "They'll see you and this will be messed up."

"They're all on the other side of the building." I jerked a thumb behind my back. "Banging on the wall, groaning and trying to eat us." Aja stood up and took a few steps to the west. "Don't," I called out. I turned to her and shook my head. "Please, just don't."

She paused, an internal conflict going on behind her eyes. I knew she wanted to look, maybe out of a perverse curiosity, but I knew she also didn't want to upset me. Eventually, she came back and knelt down beside me. "How many are there?" she asked.

"Enough," I deadpanned. "The alley continues another few blocks, but I'll be forced to take Parkway the last three blocks. I really have no choice."

"What about the way back?"

"I figure, I could just retrace my steps. You see that black, two-story house?" I pointed to the southeast, and Aja nodded. "I'm going to hide there. You're going to take the shot, ok?"

Her eyes widened at this revelation. "Wait, what?"

"Yeah, I'm going to need you to hit the bomb. I'll place it right next to the tank, so you'll have a large target to hit."

"But, Chris--"

"When I get there, I'm setting the bomb down, then firing a few rounds into the air, then I'm running to the house. I'll wait until they begin to congregate at the station. You shoot that tank, we'll kill a few hundred of them like that." I snapped my fingers. 

"And if that house has zombies? Or survivors? What are you going to do then?"

I stood up. "It'll work. Best shot we have. This place has enough food and supplies to last another three, four weeks. I'm not in a rush to move just yet. It's pretty impenetrable."

"I don't think it's a good plan," she said, a heavy frown on her face. I sighed in response. "I mean, there's so much that could go wrong. You could be spotted before you even get halfway there, then you just lead them back here. We could both die."

I lifted my hand up. "Okay, okay. Fuck." I was agitated. The plan wasn't perfect, sure. However, I had to get those zombies away from us. Especially since my escape plan was to the west, where more than a few thousand zombies resided. "Let's just get some sleep," I said, picking up both guns and slipping my left arm through both straps. "We'll work on it later." I walked towards the ladder and climbed down. Shortly after, I heard the hatch close and she followed down.

"Where am I going to sleep?" she asked, as we both stared at the one bed. She handed me the scope for the rifle, which I set down near the other weapons.

"You can have the bed," I replied. "I'll figure something out." I had found a few sleeping bags weeks ago but never bothered to make use of them. Over the next few minutes, I dressed down and pulled out two of the sleeping bags; one to lay on, one to lay in. As I got ready to slip into the bag, Aja came to me and embraced me once again.

"I can't thank you enough," she whispered. I returned the hug and patted her back.

"You're welcome, I'm just glad to help." I could feel her soft breasts against my chest and, for the first time in ages, I felt myself become aroused. I withdrew and smiled at her, gesturing to the bed with a wave of my hand. "You should get some sleep. We've got a lot to do tomorrow."

"You got it." She climbed into the bed as I lied down. "You know, if that's not comfortable, you could join me up here." I looked up at her and saw her bashful smile. "It'd be nice to have the company, you know?" I nodded.

"Yeah, I know. I'm fine down here for the time being, though." She lost a bit of her smile and I realized that I had made an ass of myself. "Then again, I am used to the bed." That seemed to do it. I got back up and crawled into the bed beside her. She wasted no time wrapping an arm around my chest.

"You don't mind, right?" she asked. I shook my head.

"Nah, go right ahead." Truth was, it had been months for me, too, since I last shared a bed with someone. Before the undead, I had been single for a handful of months and was feeling a bit depressed about being single. However, once the undead rose, I completely forgot about all of that. Until right now, when I could smell Aja's scent, feel her body so close to mine. I knew if she even slightly grazed near my crotch she'd feel my erect manhood straining through its confines. Mentally, I tried to think of the undead instead of how badly I wanted to have sex with her.

"Goodnight," she whispered and gave me a light peck on the cheek.

"Goodnight," I echoed, closing my eyes and drifting off to sleep.

. . . . . . . . . . .

I stirred and woke up, being careful not to bother Aja, who was soundly sleeping. Slowly and silently, I slid out of the bed and walked over to the gun rack. Grabbing a rifle and a handgun, I set them aside and grabbed some clothes. I dressed dark and put on some running shoes. When I was fully dressed, I went to the ladder.

"What do you think you're doing?" I heard Aja ask. I stopped and spun around, looking at Aja, who had moved into a sitting position on the bed. I could see the upset look on her face.

"Aja, I--" Quickly, I was interrupted.

"No, Chris, no!" She threw the blankets off and left the bed, walking over to me. "Look, what am I supposed to do if you die, huh? You're not thinking this through. And now, you're going to leave, and leave me here alone, while you try to what? Make a bomb, lug it to the gas station you're HOPING has gas and blow it to high hell? Are you serious?"

I didn't know how to respond. I gathered my thoughts for what felt like an eternity. Finally, I managed to get out a rather weak excuse. "It's a good plan that has a chance of working."

"Don't even give me that, Chris. You and I both know you have more of a chance of dying out there than living through this. Just wait."

"No." I was fed up with hearing her say this was a bad plan. I was being selfish, I knew that. "This will work. If you had faith in it, then you'd know my plan is the best shot we have at getting them away."

"Oh, really now?"

"Yes, really. You've not seen how many are out there. There's a lot, Aja. I told you not to look to the west, simply because I didn't want you getting unnerved. It's not a few hundred, Aja. It's a few thousand, easily. I need them away from the west."

Fear seemed to spread across her face and she took a step back. The thought of that many rattled her; I had done what I tried to protect her from. I felt like shit.

"Fine." Her voice had gone quiet and she had completely withdrawn. She turned around and went back to the bed, lied down and threw the blanket over herself. Without saying a word, I grabbed the rifle and slung it over my shoulder, took the handgun and placed it into the backpack before tossing that over my other shoulder. I climbed the ladder, lifted the hatch, went out into the night and shut the hatch. I could climb down the east wall with the rope ladder, and I knew the undead didn't have the coordination to climb it themselves.

It took about an hour before I had fashioned two, what I considered to be, bombs. They were light and fit easily into the backpack. Trouble was, I wasn't sure I could hit them from a distance with the rifle. When I had everything secured, I threw the rope ladder down and quietly scaled down it. Quickly, I spun around and headed down the set path, taking mental notes of where I could hide, where zombies might be hiding, things like that. With the handgun in my hand, I felt decently safe.

I wasn't sure how long it took me to reach the large black house I had designated my "safe spot", but when I got there, I opened the front door and walked in. The floorboards groaned under my weight, which I immediately regretted. Aja was right; this wasn't safe. The stairs were even worse, creaking and straining underfoot. I could smell blood, decay and shit in the rooms upstairs, something I didn't want to deal with. I reached the master bedroom and opened the door, and I was greeted with a rancid surprise.
