 Anya allowed Valdine to blindfold her before being led from the Sister's stall in the marketplace, and out into the still air of the forest. Night creatures scuttled about, their life noises surrounding her on all sides. Breathing in the scent of the trees, Anya attempted to quiet the flutter in her belly.

She was accustomed to the secrecy of the Sisterhood, their worship rarely seen by outsiders, their places of worship seen even less. She respected that secrecy, given the prejudices of some of the populace.

What left her uncertain was the unshakeable feeling that participating in this ritual was somehow unnatural. Anya couldn't erase the message of the previous night's dream, no matter the logic behind what she was about to do. The vividness of the dream made her uneasy, lending a reality to its contents that she might otherwise ignore.

Yet there were so few occurrences of a Kujheel and his bondmate. Finding someone to consult with was rare, and Anya was unsure of what she was getting into.

Valdine had stressed that Anya know little about the unbonding ritual, her mind allowed no time to collate the information and unconsciously interfere with the process of breaking the bond. As a result, Anya was unsure of her fears, perhaps even escalating them, in anticipation of the events ahead.

They had walked for less than an hour, Valdine leading, and Anya sure-footed behind her. When they arrived at their destination, Valdine escorted Anya to a padded surface, and guided her down into a seated position. Her blindfold remained in place, obscuring her vision of their surroundings. She heard Valdine rummaging about, and soon a sweet scent cloyed the air.

"This, the Breath of Ximona, to open your mind to me," Valdine said softly.

Anya was certain she recognized the scent, though she had no recollection of where. Its sweetness lulled her, and she found herself somewhat adrift. Her skin began to tingle as heaviness settled over her thoughts. The sounds around her became nuances of a surreal world, coloring her consciousness with their ebb and flow.

She felt Valdine raise up her arms as her tunic was pulled over her head. Fingers manipulated the buttons of the shirt she wore underneath. Within minutes, the cool air of the night touched lightly on her bare torso.

"Beautiful," Valdine murmured. "Now your leggings, and then we begin."

Anya tensed slightly as she felt hands on her thighs, nudging her pelvis up so her pants could be stripped from her hips. Another set of hands. The surrogate to take Raven's place. Valdine had mentioned him the day before. 

Calloused fingers trailed lightly in the wake of her leggings, shivers alighting on the surface of her whole body. Her heart thumped a languid beat.

Her mind felt yielding, the excitement of her flesh lowering her barriers, and she gave no resistance when her hands were drawn together, and bound to something above her head.

The sounds of rustling clothing came at her from behind and in front, and shortly thereafter Anya felt the heat of Valdine's body settle at her rear, though air separated their flesh. Valdine's breath teased lightly at her nape as the Sister closed the distance between them, her bare breasts pressing softly into Anya's back.

Anya's breath hitched as fingers tantalized the skin on the outsides of her breasts, tracing a path down her sides, her nerves shivering in bliss. Upon reaching her hips, the hands changed direction, coming up behind her back and massaging their way back up again.

Sighing in contentment, Anya leaned back, her head falling against one of her upraised arms. At the top of her back, those questing hands came around again, fingers just a little bit closer to the peaks of her breasts. Anya moaned as luscious fire burned a path to her core.

"As the body finds pleasure, so does the mind lay itself open," Valdine said huskily. At her last words, Valdine's tongue snaked out and teased the inside of Anya's ear.

Liquid heat raced along Anya's nerve endings, all her senses focused on Valdine's caresses. Thought was suspended as the smoky drug dropped veils over her consciousness. All her awareness centered on the rush of pleasure spreading through her core, dampness heating the juncture of her thighs.

Another pass of Valdine's roaming hands, and suddenly the fingertips grazed over her nipples. Anya jutted her breasts forward, trying to increase the pressure, but the hands were already moving, and Anya moaned her protest. Still lightly teasing, they continued down her breasts, over her abdomen, and ventured over the tops of Anya's spread thighs. A groan tore from Anya's throat as Valdine retreated, circling again behind her back, and up towards her shoulders.

The next time around, Valdine remained at Anya's breasts. Her fingers teased around and around until she reached the peaks, squeezing the hard tips lightly before moving away again. Anya's hands clenched and unclenched as her body blindly sought Valdine's hands, the restraint inhibiting her movements in sweet frustration.

"Imagine him here, lovely," Valdine whispered. "Would you like him to suckle your beautiful breasts?"

The thought of Raven just then inched her arousal up even further. Suddenly she could feel his scorching gaze on her breasts, and she moaned again in response. Her pussy contracted, sending spurts of ecstasy through her awareness.

"Can you feel his warm mouth drawing your nipples out further?"

Valdine lifted the undersides of her breasts up, and suddenly hot wetness closed over one of them. Anya groaned as her chest pushed out further, her legs clamping around the man she could suddenly feel kneeling between them.

"Do you want him, little Anya? Do you want him to put his hands in your woman's flesh?"

"Yes," Anya breathed.

The rough hands of the surrogate started up her knees, while his mouth remained fastened on her breast. She saw Raven's hand, Raven's mouth, Raven's tongue, in her mind, and the images made her wild, her body swaying with abandon.

She whimpered when he reached her cunt, his fingers sliding in her wet heat, and she pulled on her bound hands, wanting to touch him, touch Raven.

"No, no, sweet," murmured Valdine. "You must be passive. Surrender to him, and free yourself."

Anya's head tilted backward, her back arching as she moaned her pleasure into the night air. Her reality had shrunk to this moment. Her only thoughts were of Raven, and the physical man between her legs, stroking her pussy in Raven's place.

"Feel your Kujheel, Anya," Valdine coaxed. "Feel him opening the bond to you."

At Valdine's words, the surrogate's fingers entered her cunt, and Anya clenched around him as she felt her bond with Raven beginning to solidify.

"That's it, lovely. Connect with him, now."

The surrogate thrust inside her, his thumb circling her clit, and her hips gyrated against him, another groan surfacing from her lips. The tension grew sharper, yet she was kept on the precipice, the stimulation controlled and precise.

Her head tossed back and forth, the climax just out of reach, and Anya instinctively fed her hunger into the bond between her and Raven.

Valdine moaned behind her, pressing her breasts into Anya's back. "Take him into your mouth, Anya. Pleasure him."

Anya felt him grab her hair, pulling her head into place, and the assertiveness of his actions excited her. She felt the tip of his erection at the entrance to her mouth, and she tongued the head of him before opening further for his entry.

His cock filled her mouth, and again she saw Raven, could believe it was Raven finding his pleasure in her mouth. She sucked with reverence, tasting him at long last, her heart soaring as this desire was finally fulfilled.

He pumped his cock into her, using her hair as his anchor, and she moaned around him, feeling the bond pulse with satisfaction. Valdine reached around and slid her fingers into Anya's pussy, finger fucking her in time with the surrogate's cock. She ran her other hand up and down Anya's slit, flicking her nub with every thrust into Anya's mouth.

"Feel his pleasure, sweet. Let him feel yours," Valdine whispered tightly into her ear. 

But Anya was beyond Valdine's instructions now, reacting innately to the pulse of the bond. The sexual tension was flowing back and forth, a rising wave that increased with each pass.

Her insides curled as ecstasy closed in, and she the cock in her mouth swelled, hardening more as orgasm threatened. She swallowed in anticipation, squeezing the head of the surrogate's cock with her throat, and heard a throaty yell above her as he shuddered in release.

The pleasure backlashed from the bond, cracking her like a whip, and Anya shattered, coming hard and mindlessly, hot come filling her mouth. 

The world was a billion dying stars, fiery explosions filling her mind's eye. Her bound hands bore her body's weight, her frame shuddering for countless moments in complete bliss.

*****

When Anya regained awareness, all around her was eerily silent. Her skin was cold now, as she was still unclothed, and her arms remained bound above her head. The blindfold Valdine had insisted on earlier in the evening continued to shield her sight.

Stretching her legs down, her toes eventually encountered earth, and she shifted so she could take her weight onto her feet. Rising up, she could reach her face with her hands, and pushed the blindfold off her head.

Blinking her eyes, she peered around her, extending her arms so she could unhook her hands from the sturdy branch they had been attached to. She dimly made out Valdine's sprawled form near her, the Sister's naked skin gleaming palely in the moonlight. The form of the surrogate was splayed some feet away.

Her hands free, Anya approached Valdine, kneeling down to peer at the Sister's prone body.

Shaking her shoulder lightly, Anya called, "Valdine?"

Valdine let out a wheeze of pain before she her voice rattled out, "Anya."

"What is it?" Anya cried, gently rolling the woman towards her.

Anya gasped at the blood streaming out of Valdine's nose, made black by the light of the moon. Her heart in her throat, she stared at the Sister with a stricken expression.

"What's happened?" Anya demanded. "If I had known you would be injured, I never would have asked this of you."

"If you had known, foolish girl, there would have been no reason to seek me out." Valdine coughed roughly, and a dribble of blood escaped her lips.

When she settled, her eyes were weary and resigned. It was a few moments before she spoke again.

"Take me to the Grove when I pass from this world, Anya. That, you owe me, I think."

"Of course," Anya whispered, tears sliding down her face. The blessing of the Sisterhood fell from her lips. "The Grove shall embrace you, forevermore."

"Ahh, Anya. You are innocent, are you not?" 

Another cough shuddered out of her before she could finish. Anya shook her head in puzzlement, blinking back tears.

"I will tell you this, lovely, so you will be clearer in what you seek," said Valdine softly. Hers eyes stared at Anya intently, her expression grave. "Your Raven isn't the Kujheel. You are."