 "Hmm.. We'll have to up her libido a bit. She's not moving along as fast as the others."

Anya looked up from where she lay strapped to a pure white table. A beautiful woman with strange, copper coloured skin looked down at her. The woman's eyes were pale blue, and her hair was almost pure white, matching the walls and ceiling of the room. Seeing her made Anya's cock begin to swell.

"She should be taking on multiple partners by now."

Another copper skinned woman appeared beside the first. The two looked perfectly identical. They moved down the table until they stood between Anya's legs. The mother of two suddenly felt an intense pleasure wash over her. One of the women had taken her stiff cock into their mouth. She looked down, but instead of seeing the strange woman's face looking back at her... she saw her eldest daughter, Georgia.

Anya sat bolt upright in bed. She was covered in sweat, her thin nightgown clinging to her firm, sensitive breasts. Her boner was already throbbing under the covers.

'Another dream...' she thought to herself. The memory of it was already beginning to fade. 'A strange room... was... was Georgia there?' The memory of the night before suddenly came rushing back to her. Anya groaned as she remembered the perverted things she'd done to her own innocent daughter!

"God... how do I face her?!?" she asked herself, looking down helplessly at her tented crotch.

------------------------------------

After jerking off three times in a row, Anya's cock finally softened enough for her to be able to get dressed. She put on some sweats and left her room cautiously, heading into the kitchen.

Thankfully, Georgia was nowhere to be found. The only other person in the room was her younger daughter, Rory. The 18 year old was already dressed for the day, wearing her high school uniform. The outfit consisted of a tight white blouse... which the young blonde left unbuttoned well past what was acceptable... Her skirt was plaid and impossibly short - barely covering her white cotton panties.

'Was her uniform always that revealing?' Anya wondered, unconsciously studying her daughter's pert bottom. The girl had her back turned and was putting her empty juice glass into the sink.

"Oh! Good morning, Mom! Are you feeling better today?" Rory asked brightly, when she noticed her mother. The girl was absolutely radiant, Anya certainly couldn't deny that! She was one of the most popular girls in her school - part of the prom committee and cheerleading squad.

"Good morning Hon. I'm feeling a little better, thanks... but I think I'll stay home again today, just to be safe."

Rory pouted. She looked so sexy when she pouted... "Aw... Well, get lots of rest! Are you up for driving me to school this morning? Because I can call Laura's Mom..."

"Oh, I don't think that'll be necessary!" Anya cut in, without thinking. "I can certainly drive you in!"

'Why did I say that?' she asked herself. 'I really shouldn't be leaving the house like this...'

Rory smiled and gave her mother a big hug. "Yay! I'm ready whenever you are, then!"

Anya bit her lip. Feeling Rory's young breasts pressing into her own was having a predictable affect on her hidden cock... She quickly pulled away and grabbed the keys off the counter. "L-let's get going, then, Sweetie!"

"Ok! Oh, shoot! I forgot my geography book in my room!" Rory exclaimed. "Just a sec! I'll meet you in the car!" She ran out of the kitchen, and Anya sighed, starting her way out the front door.

As she sat in the car and waited, Anya felt her cock steadily growing.

"Nooo! Not now!" she groaned, but it was no use. She looked up and saw her daughter step out of the house. A gust of wind blew the girl's skirt up, and Anya got a perfect view of her daughter's cute little panties. Her cock lurched upward, banging against the bottom of the steering wheel.

Rory jogged out to the driveway and hopped into the passenger seat, laughing. "Hahaha! Oh my God, did you see that?!? My skirt blew right..."

Rory's eyes grew wide when she saw the tent in her mother's sweatpants. "What is that??" she asked, incredulously.

Anya's mouth opened, but she couldn't find the words to respond. Tears began to well in her eyes, and she started stammering nervously.

Rory gaped in awe at her mother's crotch. She licked her lips slowly, a wild look suddenly flashing in her eyes. "Mommy..." she breathed, reaching forward slowly. She wrapped her fingers around her mother's shaft, squeezing it through the material of her sweat pants.

Anya moaned involuntarily, and her hips bucked up off the car seat. 

Rory's eyes were glued to her mother's groin. She quickly pulled the waistband of the older woman's pants down, revealing her throbbing erection. She seemed to be in some kind of crazed, sexual trance, hypnotized by her mom's phallus.

"Don't... Rory, please..." Anya whispered helplessly.

Rory ignored her mother and leaned forward. Her head dipped toward Anya's lap. The older woman groaned as she felt her daughter's wet lips wrap tightly around her cock head.

"Mmmm..." Rory moaned, obviously enjoying the feel of her mom's cock in her mouth. She sucked lightly on the tip, her tongue stroking repeatedly against Anya's sensitive piss slit.

"Oh my God, Rory... What has gotten into you?!?" Anya cried. She looked around the neighbourhood nervously. It seemed to be deserted. Still... if anyone saw them...

Rory suddenly pushed herself lower, taking nearly half of her mother's length down her throat. Anya groaned, grabbing the blonde by the back of the head. Her cock throbbed as Rory slurped it hungrily. She looked down at her daughter's twisted body and strained to reach for her skirt. Lifting it up, she quickly pushed her hand inside the girl's panties to squeeze her bare ass cheek.

Rory groaned, pulling up briefly from her mom's spit covered cock. "Oh, Mommy, yes! Touch me!" she begged, before eagerly devouring Anya's hard shaft once again.

The inside of the car started to feel incredibly warm. Anya was sweating profusely in it's tight confines. Her hips rolled in her seat as she fed her pulsing cock to her daughter. "Oh God, Rory... You're going to make me c-c-cum..." she whimpered.

Rory's response was an excited mewl, and she started to suck even harder. Her right hand stroked eagerly at the base of Anya's shaft, milking it with surprising skill.

Anya dug her fingers into her daughter's bare ass cheek. The naked skin felt warm and delicious in her grip. Her other hand gripped her daughter's hair firmly, guiding her head up and down as it bobbed on her shaft. 

Rory's intense slurping began to make Anya tremble. She finally tossed her head back, grunting as quietly as she could. "Oh.. fuck... ing... CHRIST!!" she exclaimed, as her dick finally started to shoot it's load.

Her daughter squealed in surprise as ropes of hot cum shot into her mouth. She did her best to swallow the thick liquid, but there was far too much of it. Finally, she pulled up enough to gasp for air, letting her mom's cock coat her face in even more of her seed.

Anya gaped at her sexy daughter as the girl was covered in her semen. She continued to buck her hips in the air, her wet cock head thumping against Rory's chin.

The blonde quickly swallowed and opened her mouth again, lapping her tongue over Anya's sensitive head while it continued to erupt. "Mmmm... so good..." she murmured between mouthfuls of hot ejaculate.

"Oh my God..." Anya whimpered, still shuddering with intense pleasure. She let go of her daughter's hair, but the girl continued to feast hungrily on her spasming cock.

When her orgasm was finally sated, she pulled her hand from inside Rory's panties and sank back in the car seat. Rory sat up, smacking her lips, and gave a long sigh of satisfaction. Her face was dripping with cum, her hair and clothing a total mess. "That was so yummy, Mom!" she enthused, scooping more creamy liquid into her mouth.

Anya blushed. "We'd... better go back inside... You need to clean yourself up..." she muttered. She opened her car door and staggered to her feet, quickly tucking her cock back into her pants.

Rory followed, unashamed of the state she found herself in, and both women went into the house.

"God, Mom! I don't know where you got that thing, but I want more!" Rory exclaimed, suddenly grabbing her mother and pushing her up against the wall.

Anya tried to resist, but her daughter leaned forward and clamped their mouths tightly together. She felt Rory's tongue flick against her lips, and could taste the strong flavour of her own semen. With a sigh, she opened her mouth, inviting her daughter to kiss her deeper.

For a long time, the two women stood there, sucking face and grinding together. Anya quickly got into the kiss, throwing all apprehension aside in order to satisfy her insistent desires. She groped her sexy daughter's body, tugging impatiently at her tight school uniform.

Rory mewled happily into her mom's lips, and soon the two of them were stumbling down the hall. They made their way to Anya's bedroom, their mouths still locked together passionately. A trail of clothing was left in their wake as they eagerly stripped one another.

"God... I can't get over how big it is!" Rory exclaimed when they finally separated. They were both naked, and Anya's cock was hard as steel.

She looked over her daughter's body, and sank to her knees on the floor. Rory looked down at her mom and watched as the older woman stuffed her face into her crotch.

"Oooooh fuck!!" she groaned. 

Anya devoured her little girl's pussy. It was dripping wet, sweet nectar flowing freely into her mouth. Her tongue wormed it's way inside Rory's hot snatch, and creamy juice seeped out against it. Anya got into it more, her nose squashing against the blonde's hairless mound. She ate her daughter so intensely, the girl had to stagger back to the bed.

"Yes!" she whimpered, falling to the mattress. Her legs spread wide to accommodate her mom.

Anya was obsessed with Rory's powerful flavour. Hot juice dripped from her chin and landed with a sizzle on her swaying cock. The rigid shaft twitched, demanding attention, just as Rory's hips started to buck.

"Yesyesyes YEEEEEEESSS!!" Rory squealed, as an orgasm erupted from her quaking, molten snatch. Hot liquid sprayed against Anya's face, and she nearly came from the sensation.

With a growl, Anya got to her feet and spun Rory onto her stomach. The blonde was still spasming in ecstasy, but she quickly climbed up onto her knees. Bending forward, she swung her ass in Anya's face, inviting the woman to stuff her wet gash.

"D-d-do it!" she hissed. "Fuck your daughter's cunt!"

Anya didn't need to be told twice. She grabbed Rory hard by the hips and plunged her stiff shaft up to the hilt. Rory screamed and whipped her head back. Damp blonde hair slapped against her glistening back.

Immediately, Anya started to pound her throbbing cock into her daughter. Both hands clawed at Rory's bouncing asscheeks, digging hard into the meaty flesh. The girl's tight box sucked deliciously on her cock, and her juices made every thrust smooth and slick.

Anya's own pussy dripped onto the carpet as she pumped her hips hard back and forth. 

"Take it, Baby! Ooooo... You take Mommy's cock SO GOOD!!" Anya groaned through gritted teeth. Perspiration ran down the sides of her face. Her bare chest glistened with a growing sheen of sweat, her tits jiggling with each violent thrust.

"Fuck... Mom... More... More... MORE!!"

Anya responded by slamming her entire length hard and deep into Rory.

'FUUUUUUCK!!" Rory screamed, going over the edge again, her hot cum spewing out around her mom's shaft. Her juices made Anya's thrusts even faster, her insides like slippery silk.

As Rory trembled and bucked, her mother continued to fuck her red pussy relentlessly. She lowered her chest to the bed, her ass still swaying high in the air.

Anya looked down, her gaze falling onto her little girl's upturned asshole. It stretched open as Rory strained her hips back, and made the older woman start to drool. As she continued to fuck the slutty blonde, she moved her thumb closer to the girl's pulsing rectum.

"OH, SHIT!!" Rory exclaimed, when she felt her mom pushing against her sensitive anus. Her fingers dug into the sheets in front of her until her knuckles were white. Slowly, Anya's thumb pushed inside, stretching the girl's tight flesh around it. All the while, her fat cock rhythmically slapped in and out of Rory's squelching, squeezing cunt lips.

Anya stared in wonder as her thumb disappeared steadily up Rory's widening rectum. 'Could it take my cock?' she found herself wondering, and the thought instantly made her shudder.

She hesitated for an instant, then pulled her cock slowly out of Rory's cunt.

"Wha? What are you... d-doing?" Rory panted, turning back with a confused look on her face. Her eyes widened when she saw where her mother was aiming her massive cock, now.

"JESUS!!" she exclaimed. She started to cringe away, but Anya grabbed her firmly by the hips.

"Don't move, Sweetie." she instructed, her eyes glued to her daughter's hot anus. Her cock was coated in pussy juice and the remnants of her previous ejaculation. She lined the slick rod up with Rory's rectum and pushed.

"OOOOH SHIIIIIT!!" Rory howled. Her mom's cock plowed inside her, stretching her taught asshole beyond it's limit. Their mixed fluids eased it's entrance, but it was still too much for the young blonde to handle. She squirmed underneath her mother, but the older woman held her firmly.

"Stop... fidgeting..." Anya grunted, as she began to thrust in and out. Her cock sliced in and out of Rory's ass, it's tightness making her massive shaft throb.

Eventually, Rory stopped struggling, and lay prone on the tangled bedsheets. "Ooooooohh..." she groaned hypnotically. Drool leaked from the corner of her mouth and pooled on the mattress beneath her.

Anya licked her lips and picked up the pace, pumping her cock faster up Rory's rear entrance. The pleasure drove her wild with desire. Her fingers dug harshly into her daughter's tender ass flesh.

"Je...sus... Mom..." Rory panted. She started to push back against Anya's thrusts. Clearly, she was beginning to enjoy being stuffed violently in the ass. "Yes... yes... yes..." Her voice was hoarse, her words barely a whisper. Her eyes were glazed over and her only movement was the increasingly desperate back and forth pounding of her hips.

"Oh, Honey... You... You're taking it so good!!" Anya breathed. She hunched forward, kissing the girl on her bare shoulder.

Rory wriggled excitedly beneath her mother. Her wet pussy started to flow again, dripping hot cream on the sheets. "Oooo... Mom! D-d-d-don't stop!! Fuck my ass!!" She tried to twist around, wanting to flip onto her back.

Anya helped her, never missing a stroke of her smooth cock inside the blonde's tight anus. When the girl was on her back, she bent forward, and they both leaned in for a kiss.

Their lips slipped and slid around on each other, spreading their mixing saliva. Tongues duelled, and both women moaned as they slurped and sucked at one another's mouths. All the while, their sweat covered bodies collided over and over again. Anya drilled her cock relentlessly inside her daughter's hot asshole.

Rory suddenly wrenched her lips from her mother's, and let out a violent scream. "FUUUUUUUUCK... I'M CUMMIIIIIIIIIIING!!" she wailed.

Anya sat up, watching her daughter tremble beneath her in ecstasy. The girl's hips bucked against her own, her ass cheeks gripping her thick shaft tightly. She struggled to continue pumping steadily, but the grip of Rory's ass muscles was too intense. With a grunt, she shoved it deep one final time, and tossed her head back with a shriek.

"GAAAAWD YEEEEEEEESSSSS!!"

Cum erupted from her pistoning cock, firing deeply inside of her daughter. Rory felt her insides expand as they filled with her mother's generous seed. The two women gripped one another tightly, holding their sweaty bodies together. They both convulsed and twisted as their orgasms ricocheted through them.

"Shit shit shit shit shiiiiiit!!" Rory groaned, her hips bouncing off of the bed. Her mother's cum sprayed out of her stuffed asshole and splattered all over her thighs. Their bodies began to squelch as they continued to fuck hard through the increasing build up of fluid.

"I'm... I'm cumming AGAAAAAAIN!!" Rory shouted, going over the edge once more. Her pussy sprayed it's own juices, hitting Anya's hot, rippling stomach.

The older woman gasped for air, her head rolling back on her shoulders. Her brow was coated in sweat, and her lungs worked desperately, fighting for air. She finally slowed her manic thrusts, her cock still stuffed up the younger girl's rectum.

"Holy shit!"

Anya and Rory both whipped their heads to the side, seeing Georgia for the first time. The brunette stood in the open doorway, staring in sheer disbelief. "Mom?!? RORY?!?!?"

Anya scrambled back, her cock popping out of Rory's asshole and spraying cum everywhere. She staggered to her feet and tried in vain to cover her still gushing cock.

"George!!" Rory finally exclaimed, her voice still hoarse from her screams. She sat up and grabbed at the pillows, using them to hastily cover her nudity. "W-w-why are you home?!?"

"Why are YOU fucking our mother?" the brunette retorted. She was still wearing her pajamas, which were still coated in Anya's dried semen. Her tank top barely covered her breasts, and Anya could see the girl's stiff nipples easily.

"Girls... I... I'm sorry... I..." Anya stammered, eyes darting between her daughters. 'I'm disgusting...' she thought, in total dismay. With tears flowing and her hands still covering her cock, she darted past George and out of the room.

"Mom! Wait!" Georgia shouted, but Anya ducked into the bathroom, quickly slamming and locking the door. Sobbing, she sat on the toilet, and buried her face in her hands.