 "Shit shit shit shit shit!!"

Anya scrambled down the hall, pausing briefly in her own room to spray some perfume over her sex-sweat covered body. She prayed her daughters were cleaning up the evidence of their love making as quickly as possible. As she hurried down the stairs, she clumsily straightened the tie of her robe.

"Mom!" she said, rounding the corner into the kitchen. "What a... a pleasant surprise!"

Anya's mother, Claudia, turned away from the counter, where she'd been sifting through her daughter's mail. "Ah, there you are, Darling. I was worried that sink full of dirty dishes would be my only greeting.

Claudia was a beautiful woman, despite her age. She had always been stern with her daughter, though. In fact, Anya found her quite overbearing at times. A visit from her was the last thing she needed- especially in her current... situation.

"Why aren't you dressed? It's nearly 4 in the afternoon!" Claudia tsked.

"I... I was feeling a bit under the weather today... That's why I'm not at work."

"Well, that's no excuse to keep your old mother waiting."

"I... I wasn't expecting your visit... I didn't get your call..."

"Oh, come now! Family doesn't need to call ahead, you know that! I thought I'd come down and spend the long weekend with my granddaughters... Is that so terrible?"

"The... the long weekend?" Anya shook her head and put on her best fake smile. "Of course, that's fine, Mom! I... I can put you up in Rory's room. I'm sure the girls will be more than happy to bunk together." 

'MORE than happy...' she thought.

"Wonderful. Now, lets put the kettle on, shall we?"

Twenty minutes later, Anya's daughters came down to the kitchen, both freshly showered and dressed.

"Granny!" they both enthused, giving the older woman a hug. Anya had to struggle to keep her cock from bursting out of her robe as she watched her sexy daughters embrace the older woman. In her sex crazed state, she was disturbed to find she was even growing attracted to her very own mother.

"Er... lets get dinner going, shall we girls?" she suggested.

After a long meal and visit with her mom, Anya was relieved to have the day end and retreat into the safety of her bedroom. Claudia was staying next door in Rory's room, and Rory was bunking with her sister in the basement.

As Anya got dressed for bed, she found her erection throbbing insistently. 'Oh, to hell with it!' she thought, sighing as she pulled her robe back over her shoulders. She crept from the room and made her way quietly down the deserted hall. The light was still on in her mother's room, but she managed to sneak past without making a sound.

Eagerly, Anya made her way to the basement. When she reached Georgia's door, she could already hear her daughters' passionate moans. Licking her lips, she stepped into the room - already untying the sash of her robe.

"Hey, Mommy! We were wondering when you would join us!" Georgia said with a grin. The brunette was on her knees on the bed, and leaning over her sister, who was laying on her back. Both girls were completely naked. 

Rory had her legs sticking straight in the air, and her eyes were closed tightly in concentration. Sweat beaded on her pretty face, and she was chewing insistently at her lower lip.

Georgia had Rory's ass propped up on her knees, and was shoving three fingers up the blonde's juicy snatch. She pumped them vigorously, fucking her sister hard and fast. It looked like the girls had already been going at it for a while. Both of them were shining with sweat. Rory's tits bounced as she ground herself desperately against her big sister's fingers.

"Yes..." she moaned hoarsely, seemingly oblivious to her mother's arrival.

Anya shivered. She quickly closed the door and stripped out of her night clothes. Her cock sprang to life, and she stepped eagerly toward her daughters.

'How could I have ever resisted them...' she thought, as she watched one girl finger the other.

Suddenly, Georgia leaned forward more, pumping her hand even harder. Rory let out a squeal, and started convulsing as cum sprayed out of her cunt. "Fuckfuckfuckfuck!!" she hissed, as spasms washed over her trembling body. Her cunt slurped against George's fingers, her juices coating the brunette's lower arm.

Georgia looked up at her mother with a sly grin. "Got her all warmed up for ya!" she said. She sat back, pulling her fingers free and started to lick them clean. As she sucked up her sister's juices, her eyes lowered to her mom's cock. She groaned, and quickly scrambled off the bed, falling to her knees on the floor.

"I've been thinking about you all day, Mommy..." she breathed, reaching up and taking the woman's shaft in her hand. She leaned forward, her lips wrapping around her mom's shiny, pulsing head.

Anya tossed her head back and groaned. "Yes..." she whimpered. Her hips started to rotate as she fucked her daughter's hot mouth. She fumbled for the back of the girl's head, pulling her harder against her thrusts.

When she looked down again, Rory was kneeling beside her sister and licking the side of George's face. She soon moved her lips to Anya's cock, clamping them on the side of the shaft, and sucking at the veiny flesh. Having both daughters work on her cock drove Anya wild with lust.

"Ooooh... my hot little sluts!" she groaned, gritting her teeth as she humped against them.

Georgia and Rory moaned in unison, both slurping hungrily on their mother. As they sucked her shaft, their hands roamed over one another's sticky bodies. They were already covered in each other's cum, their hair matted to their faces. 

'They must have started fucking as soon as they got into the room...' Anya thought, as she looked them both over.

Her cock was now coated with the girls' saliva. George had given the head up to her sister, and Rory was doing a wonderful job flicking her tongue over the tip. George slurped her way down to the base and back up again, until her face was pressed tight against her sister's. Their tongues rolled over each other as they both lapped at Anya's purple head.

"We've been... craving your cum... Mommy!" Rory gasped between hungry, eager licks. George nodded with a muffled groan, saliva dribbling over her chin. The girls took a brief moment to kiss each other deeply, their mom's cock trapped between their mouths. As they made out, their hands each gripped the woman's shaft, stroking it expertly in unison.

Anya's brow was covered in sweat. She held both girls by the back of the head and watched intently as they worked her over. Her hips churned, and she struggled to stay on her feet as pleasure inundated her senses.

"Oh girls... Don't stop! Please... suck your nasty mother!" she cried.

Her daughters responded by pumping their fists faster over her throbbing length. They pulled their lips apart and pressed their cheeks together, looking up at their mother.

"Cum for us, Mommy!" Georgia begged. Both girls ran their tongues all over Anya's cock. They drooled all over her head and spit on her shaft to make their stroking even faster.

Anya winced, her chest heaving as she felt her climax building. She hunched over, fingers tangled in each girl's hair as her hips started to buck violently. "YES!! GOD, YEEEESSSS!!" Cum spewed from her shaft and splashed on their eager, upturned faces.

Both girls squealed with delight as they were coated in their mother's seed. They licked it up as quickly as they could, their tongues duelling for the thickest morsels. They laved each other's faces as semen poured over them, dribbling down their chests and pooling between them on the floor.

Anya staggered back, letting the girls turn fully to each other. They were making out passionately, sucking their mom's cum greedily from one another. The sight made Anya groan, even as she panted desperately for breath. Her cock was still hard as steel, and she longed to plunge it deep inside one of them.

With a growl, she lunged forward again, grabbing Rory by the hair. The blonde squealed as her mother yanked her up off of the floor. Anya shoved her onto the bed and quickly climbed over her.

"Yes!" she cried, as she realized what was about to happen. "Fuck me, Mommy!!"

Anya plunged her cock into her daughter's cunt, making the girl howl with pleasure. She leaned forward, sucking one of the blonde's cum soaked tits into her mouth.

George scrambled onto the bed with them, her hand cupping her own needy pussy. "Oh, fuck!" she moaned, as she watched her mother plow roughly into her sister.

The two were humping like animals, their hips slapping with each manic thrust. George crawled toward them and tossed one leg over her sister's upturned face. "Eat me, Bitch!" she cried, shoving her hot cunt in the blonde's face.

Rory didn't need to be asked twice. As her mother pumped hard in her squelching pussy, she grabbed George by the hips and pulled the girl down hard on her face. Georgia squealed and gripped the head board, churning her hips as she fucked her sister's tongue.

Rory slurped and licked the brunette, her own hips churning as she was thoroughly fucked. Her face was still covered in her mom's drying jizz, and George's juices were now coating it too.

Anya watched Georgia's ass ripple as the girl humped her younger sister. She pounded her cock into Rory harder, and salivated at the sight. Straining forward, she nuzzled between the brunette's cheeks, planting kisses along her sweaty crack.

"Oh! Mom!! Yeeeessss!!" Georgia cried in surprised delight. She leaned forward, spreading herself open for Anya. Her mother seemed to take the hint, and started licking hungrily at her asshole. George's knuckles turned white as she gripped the head board harder. Her hips churned faster, grinding her cunt against Rory's face and her tight rosebud against her mom's.

'God... she tastes wonderful...' Anya thought as she laved Georgia's anus. The girl's cheeks pressed in tightly on either side of her sweat soaked face. Her cock was throbbing as she pummelled it harder into Rory's juicy snatch. As she fucked and licked, her hands squeezed at the blonde's jiggling, nubile tits.

Rory whimpered constantly into George's yummy box as she was pounded by her horny mother. Her cunt throbbed, and her face burned as the two women above her ground hard into her body. She was covered in sweat, and George's honey ran down her cheeks as she gorged herself on her. From time to time, her chin bumped with her mother's as the two women devoured Georgia.

George's eyes were screwed shut tightly as she focused on the pleasure she was receiving. Her body trembled, her arms shaking as she struggled to keep herself upright. 

"Yes... Mommy... yes..." she panted, her head hanging between her shoulders. Her tits swung beneath her as she churned her hips, humping faster. "Oh, jesus!! OH SHIT!!" The brunette finally went off, her body going into convulsions. Cum sprayed from her snatch into Rory's face, and her ass cheeks clamped around her mom's extended tongue.

Anya groaned as she felt George's asshole pulse throughout her orgasm. She plowed into Rory harder, pounding the poor blonde until she started to hear the girl's muffled screams.

Rory went off powerfully. Her body trembled beneath her sister as she was sprayed with the brunette's cum. Her mom's glorious cock had absolutely destroyed her tight pussy. She bucked off of the bed, her cunt impaling itself violently as her juices shot out around Anya's girth.

Without missing a stroke, Anya sat back on her knees and gripped her younger daughter's legs. She pumped into her a few more times, until the girl's orgasm subsided. Then, she pulled out and quickly crawled up the bed.

Georgia was hunched over, panting for breath. Her pussy was still leaking on Rory's gasping face. Suddenly, she felt strong arms grab her and pin her hard against the wall. Her tits flattened and she felt her legs being spread. A long, hot shaft slid between her ass cheeks and pressed against her anus. 

"M-m-mom?!?" she managed to whimper, before feeling herself get impaled.

Anya's cock pushed hard into George's asshole. She couldn't stop herself. She plunged deep inside, Rory's creamy juices and her own spit easing the way.

Georgia screamed wordlessly, her eyes screwing shut as her mother impaled her savagely. In seconds, the girl was being pummelled, and she was helpless to do anything about it. Pleasure throbbed in her pussy as her mom raped her tight, hot anus. She let it happen, and rolled her eyes back, drool leaking from her gaping mouth.

Rory was still laying beneath them, her eyes wide as she watched what was happening. Her mother was plowing into her sister's rectum, and it made her own pussy throb! She looked up into both of their juicy cunts. They were frothing as the two fucked. With a groan, the blonde shimmied down from her sister's snatch to her mom's.

Anya was totally lost to her own depravity, a slave to the pleasures of incestuous lust. She panted as she fucked her daughter's asshole, her hands pawing at the brunette's ripe young body. She reached around, squeezing the girl's tits, and clawing at her hard nipples. Her hips slammed into George's over and over, their sweat spraying with every thrust.

Suddenly, Anya's eyes shot wide open and her fingers dug hard into Georgia's breasts. Both women howled, and Anya began to thrust her hips even faster. Rory's wicked tongue was pleasuring her drooling, horny cunt from below.

The blonde was now drenched from the neck up. Her hair was soaked and stained with cum. She had one hand between her legs, eagerly shoving three fingers in her needy box. Her other hand gripped her mother's round ass, holding her tightly as she slurped on her juicy gash. She sucked at the older woman's thick cunt lips and licked her way up to the base of her cock.

As she ate her mother's pussy, she moved her hand to the woman's sweaty rear entrance. Her finger plunged into Anya's anus, pumping it with the same rhythm she was using on her own needy snatch. That caused another surge of pussy cream to pour out onto her face. Rory groaned and shivered, her fingers sloshing in her steamy, creamy cunt.

Anya was on fire! Her body shone with sweat. Her hair was matted to her face, her tits swaying as she pumped her tireless hips. 

George was mewling incoherently, still shoved up against the wall. Her asshole quivered around Anya's shaft, squeezing it with every thrust. 

Rory's tongue was fucking deep into her mom's snatch, and her finger pumped hard up her asshole. Anya could feel her orgasm building, and knew right away, this one felt different. As if by some strange new instinct, she quickly pulled her cock from George's ass and plunged it deep inside the girl's cunt. It bottomed out an instant before her climax exploded.

"JESUS FUCKING HOLY MOTHER OF FUCKING SHIT FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUUUUUUUUCK!!"

As she went off, her daughters went off with her. Georgia trembled against the wall, her cunt spraying the headboard with cum. Rory writhed on the tangled bedsheets, her own cunt spewing over her thrusting fingers.

Cum sprayed like torrents from Anya's cock and poured from her quivering pussy. It was the first time she'd ever cum from both places at the same time. The intensity seemed to make her melt. She strained incredibly, her cock buried deep in George's gash, and her pussy pressed tightly to Rory's upturned face.

Rory gasped, finally pulling back from her mother's cunt to fill her lungs with much needed oxygen. She looked up at Anya's cock buried in George's cunt and her eyes grew wide. 

"What the hell?!?" she exclaimed.

Her mom's cum was leaking out around where her cock was still buried in her big sister. But instead of being white, the thick liquid had a strange, light blue tint to it. There was also much more of it than she'd ever seen come out of her cock-sporting mother. The same liquid seemed to be leaking from Anya's pussy, too.

Suddenly exhausted, Anya rolled off of Rory, pulling Georgia with her. The cum soaked brunette was already unconscious. Anya laid down on her side, spooning against her eldest daughter. Her cock was still buried inside the girl, and still spewing torrents of strange, blue semen. She held Georgia tightly, her eyelids growing heavy, even as she continued to cum.

"Mom! What is that stuff?"Rory was asking, sitting up now, beside them.

Anya looked up through hazy eyes. The blonde's face and chest were covered in some weird, blue liquid. She found that confusing, but was too tired to really think too much about it. 

She held her unconscious daughter tightly, still cumming inside her quivering pussy. With a sigh, she closed her eyes, and soon she was sound asleep.