 "Excellent! It seems like she's achieved her first duel orgasm. And the results couldn't have been more successful!"

Anya opened her eyes. She was back in the white room. The memory of it came rushing back to her. She tried to lift her head, but it felt too heavy. One of the copper skinned women came into view.

"You've done well." she said, addressing Anya for the first time. She then walked away to a table beside her. Anya looked over and saw Georgia laying there. The brunette looked back at her.

"Things should move along faster now. They're making good progress." The other copper skinned woman was standing near Georgia's lower half. She blocked part of George's body, but Anya could tell her daughter was naked.

She saw Georgia look down. The brunette gasped in surprise.

'What?' Anya thought, finding herself unable to speak. 'What is it?'

-----

She woke up with a start. It was morning, and she was back in Georgia's bed. 'Another dream...' she thought, struggling once again to remember. She was spooning her daughter, her cock still buried deep inside George's pussy. With effort, she pulled out stiffly and rolled onto her back.

Georgia still seemed to be asleep, but Rory was sitting up beside them. She was staring wide eyed at Georgia's crotch, and masturbating frantically.

"Rory? What are you doing?" Anya asked, sitting up herself. She looked down at her unconscious daughter, and realized what the blonde was staring at.

Between Georgia's legs, she had sprouted a thick, hard cock of her very own! Anya gasped, nearly falling off the bed. "Did... Did I do this?" she stammered.

Rory nodded. "L-l-last night." Her voice was shaky, she seemed already close to orgasm. "When you came, you came th-this... b-b-b-lue stuff!" It was still all over the bed, but Rory seemed to have washed herself off. "I... I think that's what made George's cock grow!" Rory suddenly tilted her head back and spasmed as she came all over her fingers.

The blonde's grunts seemed to wake Georgia, who was slowly beginning to stir. She opened her eyes and looked up at both of them, smiling. "Mmmm... Last night was awesome!" she said.

"You don't know the half of it!" Rory exclaimed, pointing at Georgia's hard on.

The brunette looked down and squealed, jumping up in surprise. "Oh my God!" she exclaimed, her hands trembling as she reached out slowly to touch it. She wrapped her fingers around the shaft, and gave a deep, throaty groan. Immediately, she started pumping her fists. "Did you do this to me, Mom?" she asked, her hands flying as she masturbated.

Anya's cock sprang to life as she watched. "It seems so... Maybe when I came from both my cock and p-p-pussy at once..."

"Hello? Is anyone up yet?"

Anya looked up, fear washing over her. "Oh God! Your grandmother! Rory, come on, get dressed! We need to make sure she stays away from this room!"

"But... But I want to try fucking George!" the blonde whined. "And I want a cock of my own!! Mom, give me one, too!"

Anya hesitated, her lust growing, but quickly snapped out of it. "Don't argue with me, young lady. Clothes, now!"

Rory pouted, but complied. Georgia was already oblivious, leaning back on her pillow and jerking off energetically. Her mother and sister hastily put their night clothes back on and left the room. Anya took one last look at her daughter before closing the door behind her. Her cock twitched with arousal. 'What is happening to us?' she wondered.

"Ah! There you are! Does everyone in this house sleep in now?" Claudia wondered aloud. She was sitting at the dining room table, sipping a coffee and reading the paper.

"Good morning, Mom." Anya replied through her teeth. She went to pour herself a coffee. As soon as she sat down across from her mother, though, Claudia stood. She seemed a bit uncomfortable, and stepped away from her daughter.

"Well, I think I'd like to take a bath, now. That room was a bit... dingy..." she said.

Anya frowned. "Towels are in the closet next to the bathroom." she said with a sigh.

"A lovely place for them." her mother replied, as she strode cooly out of the kitchen.

Rory was still standing at the counter, staring at her mother with obvious lust. "Let's do it now!" she whispered, as soon as her grandmother left the room and was out of earshot.

"What? Do what?" Anya asked.

"I want a cock, Mom! Give me a cock!" the blonde replied with a pout.

Anya's eyes grew wide. "Rory! Your grandmother is-"

"She's occupied! Come on, Mom! Let's go to your room!" Without waiting for a reply, Rory pulled her shirt off, revealing her naked breasts. Anya's cock surged to life, standing fully erect under the table. Rory turned, walking out of the kitchen.

"Goddamnit!" her mother swore, unable to resist. She stood, and followed her daughter. The two of them quickly left the kitchen and locked themselves in Anya's bedroom.

Instantly, Rory was on her mother, the two women making out furiously. They ripped at each other's clothing, tumbling naked onto the bed. Rory spun around, landing in a 69 on top of her mother. She shoved the older woman's cock in her mouth and rubbed at Anya's moistening pussy.

The duel sensations had Anya on fire, and she moaned, sucking at Rory's dripping cunt. Her hands grasped the blonde's butt cheeks, pulling her down hard onto her face. Muffled groans filled the room as the two women worked each other over with their hot mouths.

Rory slurped energetically on Anya's cock, covering it with her saliva. She forced her mouth down as far as she could, taking it's length down her throat. At the same time, she worked two fingers inside her mom's hot, molten pussy. Juice coated her hand and dripped down her wrist as she started to move it rhythmically.

Anya's nipples ached as they scraped against her daughter's smooth, hard stomach. She wrapped her legs around Rory's neck, humping up hard into her face. Her cock slammed into the back of Rory's throat, and drool oozed down her slick shaft.

"Oh... God, Baby!!" she moaned, between ravenous licks of the blondes juicy pussy. "Your throat is so tight! Please... d-d-don't stop!"

-----

Georgia lay panting on her cum soaked bed. Her eyes were glassy, her hair tangled and damp. She'd already sprayed cum all over herself several times since she'd woken up.

'This feels amazing!' she thought. 'I can't believe how horny I'm getting!' She could already feel her cock throbbing to life once more, pointing straight up to the ceiling. Trembling fingers wrapped around it again.

The shaft was slick, coated with thick layers of jizz. It dribbled down to her stomach and was pooling between her smooth breasts. She grabbed at her nipples, tweaking and pulling the hard buds between her fingers. That made her shudder, and once again her fist pumped hard along her length.

As she fucked her hand, George imagined sticking her cock inside her hot sister. She pictured cumming in Rory's steamy twat, or up her puckered asshole. She thought about fucking her mother, wondering how it would feel to reverse roles with the older woman. She found herself desperately wanting to pound the shit out of her mom's pussy.

Georgia groaned, and arched her back. Her fist was a blur on her aching shaft. Cum sprayed out of her like a geyser, splashing down on her body again. It coated her tits, the heat of her sperm causing her nipples to throb with pleasure. "Yes!!" she cried, hoarsely, as once again, she milked out another orgasm.

-----

Anya lay helpless beneath her ravenous daughter. Her cock was swollen and throbbing. It pumped up into Rory's gaping mouth over and over as her excitement grew. As she fucked her daughter's pretty face, she licked the girl's snatch almost absently. Her breath rasped, and her body shone with sweat.

Rory seemed to be getting more excited. Her head bobbed with obvious enthusiasm. The blonde knew her mom was getting close, and was eager to milk out her seed. She tried to work her fingers faster, wanting Anya to have another duel orgasm. Her focus kept getting drawn, however, to the cock stabbing into her throat.

"Oh, fuck, Rory! It's happening!" Anya cried. She held her daughter tightly, her hips bouncing up off the bed. "YES YES YEEEEESS!!" Her cum shot down the girl's throat, directly into her stomach. Rory sputtered, but her lips clamped tightly around her mother's shaft. She moaned, enjoying the flavour of Anya's cum, before realizing she was wasting it.

"Fbuck!" she mumbled, trying suddenly to pull up. Her lips tore away from Anya's cock head and the last few spurts landed on her face. "It's... it's white!" she panted, clearly disappointed. Her mom hadn't cum from her pussy.

Anya seemed oblivious, however, shuddering and gripping her daughter's hips tightly. She lapped and slurped at Rory's oozing cunt, desperate for the blonde's hot orgasm. Rory screwed her eyes shut and howled, her pussy spasming as she, too, climaxed powerfully. Hot cream cascaded over her mother, and her cunt squeezed at the woman's hot tongue.

Anya fell back to the bed, exhausted, but Rory was still ready for more. She crawled forward, and with one swift motion impaled herself on her mom's stiff member. It was still rigid as iron, and blazing hot. Her wet cunt devoured it easily. 

"Gimme some of that blue stuff, Mom!" Rory whimpered. "I want a cock!" She leaned forward as she rode Anya's cock, shoving her fingers back into the older woman's gash.

Anya groaned. Her brow shone with sweat, her face caked with Rory's pussy juice. She watched the girl's round ass bounce up and down on her thick shaft. Helpless to stop her, she reached forward, grasping the blonde firmly by the hips. With a grunt, she pumped herself upward, burying her hard cock even deeper.

Rory's eyes squeezed shut and she gritted her teeth. Her mom's cock was pounding her mangled pussy. Her tits jiggled with every thrust, her mouth gaping as she gasped for breath.

"Yes!" she moaned, drool dribbling over her chin. "Fuck me, Mommy! Give it to me!!" She hunched forward, focussing all her strength on fingering Anya's snatch. Her hand pumped back and forth, penetrating her mom's gooey folds.

Anya winced as pleasure built inside her steaming pussy. Her cunt gripped her daughter's fingers, and she could feel herself getting close.

Rory was the first one to cum, this time, bouncing energetically. "Fuck yes!! Cum inside me!! Give me your hot blue JIZZ!!" She churned her hips, milking Anya's cock. Her hand was a blur as she pummelled her mom's pussy.

Anya's chest heaved as she struggled for breath. Her tits glistened with sweat. She held her daughter firmly in place, plowing her cock faster up the girl's tight pussy. She could feel her climax rushing toward her, and knew this one would be big! Her cunt started to spasm, and her cock throbbed as it slammed into the back of Rory's cunt.

"Fuck!! Here it comes, Rory!! I'm going to explode!! Fuck FUCK FUUUUUUUUCK!!" Anya screamed. She slammed her hips high in the air, holding Rory firmly on her cock. Her pussy sprayed all over her bed, and cum shot out of her shaft.

Rory squealed as she felt the hot liquid splash against her insides. It was different than anything she'd ever felt. Her eyes squeezed shut tight, and she howled as her fingers pistoned in Anya's gushing pussy.

"YES!!" she wailed, cumming hard, again. Her wet pussy sucked hard at her mother's cock. She could feel herself being filled by the older woman's hot seed.

Panting hoarsely, she managed to look down, and grinned when she saw blue liquid oozing over her hand. Moaning, she pulled her fingers up to her lips and sucked off the delectable fluid.

"Oh God... Rory..." Anya rasped, her voice raw from screaming so powerfully. Her hips crashed back down onto the mattress, but she still held her daughter's hips firmly. Her cock was still wedged deeply up the girl's snatch, and it was still pumping copiously.

Rory's eyes filled with tears, she was so ecstatic! She laughed, and leaned back, wriggling down on her mom's shaft. She was suddenly hit with overwhelming exhaustion. With a groan, she rolled onto her side.

Anya followed her daughter, never letting her cock leave the hot sheath of the blonde's pussy. They lay spooned tightly together, their eyelids already grown heavy.

"So... tired..." Rory sighed, almost unconscious.

Anya murmured a wordless agreement. In moments, both women were sound asleep, their bodies wedged tightly together. Anya's cock continued to spray it's load of blue cum into the blonde's womb.

-----

Claudia stepped out of the bathroom to find the house seemingly deserted. She was dressed in nothing but her daughter's robe. 

"Anya?" she called out, but there was no answer. She wandered around the quiet house. "Anya? Rory? Is anyone home?"

The only sounds she could hear were coming from the basement. 'That's right...' she thought. 'Georgia's feeling sick... The poor dear.' She decided to check in on her granddaughter.

When she got closer to George's bedroom door, she could make out the brunette's sexual moans. "Dear God..." she muttered, blushing at the sounds. Still, she couldn't help stepping closer. Nervously, she opened the door and peered into the room.

"Gr-granny..." Georgia groaned huskily from her spot on the cum-soaked bed. She still had her cock in her hands, and her eyes were glazed over with lust.

Claudia gasped. "Oh my goodness..." she breathed, her eyes glued to her granddaughter's cock. Tentatively, she stepped into the room, and let the door slowly swing shut behind her...