 Anya opened her eyes. She was dreaming again. 'The white room...' she thought. Once again, she was laying on the same mysterious table. She looked to her side, where George had been laying last time. 'Oh, God!'

 Georgia was laying there again, alright, but she was propped up on her side, next to her sister. Rory was on her back, sporting a huge erection, and George was slowly pumping it with her fist. Both girls looked back at their mother, grinning from ear to ear.

 "Excellent work."

 Anya turned her head, looking up to see one of the copper skinned women leaning over her.

 "You've proven to be a very useful specimen. We were worried, with your slow start... But you've certainly sped up your progress! In fact, there's only one woman left in the house for you to... infect."

 The copper woman stepped aside, revealing Anya's naked mother. Claudia was standing near her daughter's feet, and rubbing her crotch with both hands.

 "M-m-mom?!?" Anya cried, surprised that this time her voice seemed to be functioning properly.

 The older woman didn't reply, but leaned forward slowly. Anya looked down, and watched her own cock start hardening with arousal...

 ---------------------------

 Claudia stood at the foot of Georgia's bed, staring at her naked granddaughter.

 "What... what has happened to you?" she asked, breathlessly. She took a step closer, her eyes glued to the massive cock sticking out above George's pussy.

 "Mmmm... Granny... I'm so.... horny..." George groaned, ignoring Claudia's question. She spread her legs and lifted her hips off the bed. Panting, she began the hump the air, her cock wobbling as it swung back and forth.

 Claudia climbed onto the bed at George's feet, staring - hypnotized by the brunette's cock. She licked her lips and reached forward... "No!!" she cried, suddenly pulling back again and cringing with fear.

 Georgia sat up, swiftly grabbing Claudia by the collar of her robe. She lurched forward, kissing the older woman with sudden, ferocious passion.

 Claudia whimpered, struggling weakly as George's tongue slithered into her mouth. She tried to pull away, but her lips didn't seem to want to leave her granddaughter's... It was as if she'd lost control of her own body! Her lips parted, welcoming Georgia's tongue, and she moaned, finally returning the younger girl's kiss.

 Georgia mewled happily as her grandmother's arms wrapped around her neck. She pulled the older woman closer, until their torsos were pressed together. Her naked tits brushed against the fabric of Claudia's loosening bathrobe.

 As the two women made out, they rubbed their hot bodies against each other. Claudia's sash began to untie, and eventually fell open. Her naked breasts pressed against her granddaughter's, and she trembled, feeling her nipples harden.

 "Oooo... Granny..." Georgia groaned, her nose pressed to the older woman's. She kissed her way down her grandmother's throat. Her cock throbbed, pressing insistently against Claudia's bare thigh.

 "Georgia... We can't... can't do this... Oh!!" Claudia threw her head back suddenly as she felt George's lips wrap around her nipple.

 The brunette mewled again, pursing her lips and sucking hard on her grandmother's hardening nub. As she sucked and licked the older woman's tits, she squeezed their fullness in her hands, massaging the tender flesh.

 Claudia could feel her pussy heating up fast. Moisture grew between it's lips, glistening in the soft light of the bedroom. She clasped her hand on the back of George's head, pressing the girl harder against her breast.

 "Oh... That's so good..." she whimpered. She bit her lip, and fumbled for George's hard cock with her free hand.

 When her fingers wrapped around George's shaft, the young brunette squealed, finally pulling her face away from the older woman's chest. Saliva stretched from her open lips to Claudia's spit covered nipple. She closed her eyes, her mouth hanging open, and humped her cock into her grandmother's fist.

 Claudia stared in shock as she masturbated her granddaughter. She couldn't believe what was happening. It was turning her on so much! When George fell back on her pillow, Claudia automatically leaned forward, adjusting herself so she was bending directly above the younger girl's shaft.

 'I can't believe I'm about to do this...' she thought, an instant before lowering her face. Her lips slipped over George's throbbing head, and the brunette moaned with approval.

 She pushed her hips up into the air, shoving more of her cock in her grandmother's mouth. "Yes!" she cried. "Oooo... Granny!! Your mouth is... is amazing!!"

 Claudia shivered, grabbing George's thick shaft with both hands, and started to work her mouth down. In response, George started churning her hips, fucking the older woman's flushed face.

 The bed creaked softly as Claudia sucked off her horny granddaughter. She slurped and licked the girl's cock head, her fingers gliding up and down her length. Her tits swung beneath her as she leaned forward, and her pussy shone with increasing moisture.

 "Oh God, Granny!! Don't stop!!" Georgia winced, her hips starting to move faster. She grabbed the older woman by the back of the head, pumping harder into her mouth. Sweat beaded on her forehead, and pooled between her naked breasts.

 Claudia was entranced by her granddaughter's body! She reached up with one hand, grabbing and kneading the brunette's jiggling tits. She sucked faster, wanting desperately to taste the girl's creamy spunk.

 "Oh shit... oh shit, it's coming!! It's COMIIIIIING!!!" Georgia started to wail. Her back arced up from the bed, and she twisted her fingers in Claudia's hair. Her cock sprayed ropes of thick semen into the back of the older woman's throat.

 "YES YES YEEEEEEESSS!!" she howled, riding her orgasm like a wave.

 Claudia did her best to keep her lips fastened the her granddaughter's spasming cock. The sheer amount of cum pouring from her, however, made that impossible. She finally pulled back, gasping, with George still gripping her head tightly. Cum sprayed over her face, coating her in the brunette's ample ejaculate.

 "Oh my God!" she mumbled. Semen dribbled out of her mouth. It coated her cheeks and chin, and splashed against her hanging breasts. It got in her hair, completely covering her. She groaned, and wrapped her lips around George's cock again, eager to drink more.

 George squealed, wriggling beneath Claudia. Her grandmother licked and sucked, cleaning her cock thoroughly with her mouth. She swallowed as much of George's cum as she could, and let the rest drip over her body.

 Finally, she pulled back again, panting, and sat back on her knees. She shrugged out of her robe and let it fall to the bed.

 Georgia stared up at her naked grandmother's sperm covered body. She licked her lips and growled. Her cock was still rock solid. She sat up and flipped the older woman over onto her back.

 "My turn." she said, with a wicked grin. She dove forward, shoving her tongue into her grandmother's mouth.

 The two women moaned as they made out. George sucked her own sperm greedily from Claudia's sticky face. They mashed their chests together, spreading the creamy fluid everywhere.

 Soon, Georgia worked her way down, kneeling between her grandmother's spread thighs. The older woman's cunt was glistening with her arousal. George licked her lips and lunged for it. Her tongue stabbed between Claudia's gooey folds.

 Claudia whimpered, bucking her hips off the bed into her granddaughter's face. Her sensitive pussy throbbed as it was penetrated by the girl's tongue. George slurped and sucked at her grandmother's pussy, getting juices all over her cheeks.

 "Oh, Sweetie! That's incredible!" Claudia groaned. She humped the girl faster, her juices dribbling down onto the rumpled sheets.

 George snarled and reached up, squeezing her grandmother's fat tits with both hands. She kneaded the tender mounds as she devoured the old woman's messy cunt.

 "Oh!! Oh!!!" Claudia whimpered as her granddaughter mauled her ferociously. She began to tremble, her breath coming faster.

 Georgia sucked at her grandmother's clit and moaned. Her fingers dug into the older woman's tit flesh, and her hard cock swung between her legs, dripping with what remained of her previous orgasm. She growled, bringing one hand down and shoving three fingers deep inside Claudia's slippery twat.

 "Oh, Jesus!!! Oh.... Oh GAAAAWD!!!" Claudia bucked against her granddaughter's fingers, her cunt spasming as she came powerfully. Juices gushed over Georgia's hand, and her stomach rippled as she churned her hips wildly.

 As her grandmother continued to convulse in ecstasy, George tore her lips from the older woman's clit. She sat back on her knees and grabbed her cock, shoving it hard up Claudia's trembling pussy.

 "FUCK!!!" Claudia screamed, her eyes bulging in surprise.

 Georgia laughed, and quickly began to plow into the older woman. Her huge cock slid completely inside Claudia's gash, forcing her legs wide apart. 

 "Oh my God! This feels so wild!" the brunette exclaimed, as she fucked her very first pussy. She grabbed her grandmother's thighs firmly, and began to rut with increasing force.

 As her granddaughter fucked her viciously, Claudia fell back, her mouth gaping. Her chest was bathed in sweat, her hair tangled and damp on the pillow. She reached up clumsily, grabbing George by the waist and pulling her in even harder.

 "Yes!!" she gasped, drool running from the corner of her mouth. "Fuck me, Darling! Don't stop!! Oh my God!!!"

 Georgia grinned, her own hair falling in her sweat-drenched face. She licked her lips as she pumped her shaft smoothly in and out of Claudia's aching pussy.

 Still coming down from her first orgasm, Claudia's cunt was already incredibly sensitive. With her granddaughter's powerful thrusts, it wasn't long before she was cumming again.

 "Oh God... Oh GAAAWD!!!" she panted, as another climax overwhelmed her. She bucked her hips, her thighs clamping tightly around George's pistoning waist.

 Gritting her teeth, George bore down, pushing through the older woman's grip. She continued to fuck Claudia violently, as her grandmother's juices coated her shaft. Her throbbing cock head slammed repeatedly into Claudia's creamy depths.

 "Take it, Granny!" she cried, her eyes wild with arousal and power. Claudia's spasms were becoming more violent, so the brunette pinned her down firmly. She held her grandmother's shoulder with one hand, and squeezed her breasts with the other.

 Finally, Claudia's spasming pussy sent Georgia over the edge. She lurched forward, her cock burrowing deep and filling Claudia with her seed. Both women wailed, their bodies shining with sweat as they slapped against one another.

 George leaned forward, running her tongue hungrily over her grandmother's damp, wincing face. Her cock spewed rope after rope of hot cum into Claudia's hot womb.

 The two women ended up kissing ferociously, their tongues plunging deep into one another's mouths. They drooled all over each other's faces, and their moans of bliss blended together.

 When her orgasm ended, George sat up again, her cock still buried in Claudia. It was still hard and throbbing, her arousal undeterred.

 Claudia lay exhausted, gasping for breath. When she felt her granddaughter's thrusting resume, she whimpered wordlessly. Her eyes glazed, she looked up pleadingly at the brunette, unable to voice her dissent.

 "Again!! Again!!" Georgia cried, ignoring her listless grandmother. With a grunt, she flipped Claudia onto her side and straddled her slick inner thigh. She lifted her grandmother's leg to her chest, resting it over her shoulder.

 "Yes!! Yes!!" she whimpered, sawing her cock in and out of Claudia's battered pussy. As she pumped back and forth, her own cunt dragged along the old woman's thigh.

 Her chest glistened, her tits jiggling with every thrust. She gripped her grandmother's leg. In her passion, she began to lick Claudia's calf, bathing it in her saliva.

 Claudia moaned weakly, drool leaking over her chin and pooling on the sheet beneath her. She lay almost motionless, the only movement that of her still throbbing pussy. Despite her exhaustion, her hips continued to roll faintly with every thrust. Her pussy still leaked generously, pleasure throbbing between her spread legs.

 Georgia's breath was coming shorter now as her cock throbbed with increasing need. She slammed it into Claudia relentlessly, it's shaft shining in the older woman's cum. 

 Her own pussy was leaking profusely now, it's lips spread flat against Claudia's thigh. She could feel pleasure growing there as well, as it ground repeatedly with every thrust.

 "Yes..." she panted, quieter now. Her voice was hoarse, her lungs pumping hard. She leaned against her grandmother's leg, resting more of her weight on it.

 "Oooooooh.... FuckfuckfuckFUUUUUUUUCK!!!" Suddenly, Claudia started to spasm. She lifted her head from the bed, straining her body as she convulsed. Her pussy tightened around George's shaft, and she bucked her hips as she came again. Pussy juice shot out around George's cock, splashing all over the bed sheets.

 Georgia's eyes widened as she felt her grandmother's sudden, furious movements. She gritted her teeth, baring down hard as her pussy throbbed and her cock exploded.

 Eyes watering, she dug her fingernails into the soft flesh of Claudia's calf. "Oh, Jesus!! Here it comes!!" she rasped, as her cum shot once again into her grandmother's pummelled gash.

 She pumped her seed into the old woman's cum hole, her pussy still sawing along her thigh. "More.... Mmmmore!!!" she groaned. Her cunt started spasming too, and a new wave of cum spewed from her pulsing cock...

 --------------------------

 Still in her dream, Anya lay on the white table, staring, as her mother leaned over between her legs. Locking eyes with her daughter, the older woman slowly wrapped her lips around Anya's cock.

 Anya gasped, and looked up at the copper skinned women, who smiled down at her with approval. On the other table, her daughters were cumming as they jacked each other's thick cocks...

 "Yes..." Anya groaned, as the velvet feeling of her mom's tongue touched her cock head. She closed her eyes and rolled her head back, giving herself over to pleasure...