 When Anya finally woke up, it was already dark outside. She sat up and rubbed her eyes, still feeling quite groggy. She glanced over at her daughter, Rory, who still seemed to be sleeping. The blonde was completely naked, and a newly grown penis was standing erect between her supple thighs.

Anya bit her lip as she stared at the thick shaft. 'I did that to her...' she thought, feeling her own cock starting to harden.

'I want it inside me... I want to... to...' Anya blinked, suddenly realizing they'd forgotten all about her mother, Claudia! She leapt from the bed and quickly started to dress. She and her daughter, Rory, had just spent the entire day unconscious and naked in her room, leaving her mother alone in the house!

"Mmm... Mom?" Rory muttered, beginning to wake up as well. She sat up and looked down at her crotch. A wide grin spread across her lips. "Wow... awesome! It worked!!" She immediately reached for her new cock, wrapping her fingers tightly around it.

Anya watched her daughter start to stroke her needy shaft. She chewed her lip, fighting the urge to jump back in bed with the sexy young dickgirl. "I.. I have to go find your grandmother and make sure she hasn't discovered our... secret. You stay here." she said.

Rory nodded absently, already oblivious to her surroundings. Her hand slid faster up and down the length of her cock, and she began to pant as her pleasure steadily increased.

Anya took one last longing look at her daughter's impressive package, then left the room, being sure to shut the door firmly behind her.

The rest of the house was completely dark. Anya searched the upper floors for Claudia. "Mom?" she called out, but the house was totally silent. Anya frowned. She remembered her eldest daughter, Georgia, and went down to the basement to check on her. There seemed to be no sign of her mother anywhere...

When she opened Georgia's door, she stood frozen in total shock. On the bed, her mother, Claudia was laying naked with her granddaughter. The two were making out furiously, and each was stroking the other's massive cock in their fist.

"M-m-mom?!?" Anya exclaimed, her eyes staring at the old woman's hard-on.

Claudia managed to tear her lips away from her ravenous granddaughter's. She looked up at Anya with a lecherous grin. "Hello, Darling..." she groaned. "Tell me... Why on earth would you ever want to keep such a wonderful secret from your own mother?" Her hand still pumped up and down on Georgia's throbbing shaft. The brunette leaned back on her pillow, whimpering as her grandmother jacked her off feverishly.

Anya was speechless, but she could feel her nightie tenting around her growing hard-on. Claudia's eyes flashed to her daughter's crotch, and she let out a mischievous giggle. "Seems we've all got a little something extra?" she asked.

In reply, her daughter quickly fumbled out of her clothing. She stood naked, her cock throbbing as she stared at the two women in front of her.

"Holy shit!"

Everyone turned to the open doorway. Rory was standing there, naked and staring. Her fist was a blur as she masturbated furiously, her eyes eagerly scanning the room.

Georgia got to her knees and crawled to the edge of the bed. "Mmm... Come here, Sis! Let me taste that thing!" she begged, eyes wide with excitement.

Rory quickly stepped forward, and her sister grabbed the younger girl's shaft, engulfing it's fat head in her mouth.

"Mmm!!" both girls moaned. Rory tossed her head back, grabbing George by the hair. She started to pump her hips, shoving her cock to the back of the brunette's tight throat.

Georgia gurgled happily as she slurped on her sister's thick member. She worked her fist along the base as her lips slid up and down it's length.

Anya was so engrossed by the sight of one dickgirl daughter sucking off the other, she didn't notice her own mother crawling off of the bed. Claudia got on her knees in front of her daughter, and gave her cock a soft kiss on the tip.

"I should take care of my baby..." she murmured, before running her tongue over Anya's thick, purple head. She swiped it over the sensitive piss slit, and Anya's knees nearly gave out.

"Ooooo... Mommy..." she gasped, grabbing the old woman by the back of the head. She pulled her in, burying her cock inside her mother's ravenous mouth.

The room was filled with the wet sounds of slurping lips and low grunts of pleasure. Rory squealed as her sister sucked her off expertly. She leaned against the edge of the bed, still holding the brunette's face tightly. Her chest heaved, her ripe tits jiggling as she pumped her hips back and forth.

Georgia mewled as she slurped on her sister. Her own cock was throbbing. It swayed between her legs. She flipped onto her back, pulling Rory's cock down into her mouth, and her own shaft pointed to the ceiling.

With a groan, Rory fell on top of her sister, straining forward to devour the brunette's hard phallus. The girls both squealed again as they began a furious, passionate sixty-nine. The bed groaned beneath them, both sisters losing themselves in the pleasure of each other's mouths.

Anya stared at her mother's face as the old woman slurped eagerly on her cock. She could feel pussy juices running along the insides of her bare thighs. "Oh, Mommy..." she breathed. She glanced at her daughters, now rolling around together on top of the bed.

With a groan, she lowered herself to the floor. Kneeling face to face with her mother, the two women suddenly lunged for one another. They made out furiously, their soft breasts knocking together as they kissed.

"Mmm!!" Claudia groaned, her voice muffled as Anya's tongue filled her open mouth. She fumbled to grab her daughter's penis, stroking it with eager fingers.

Anya responded by reaching for her mother's own rigid shaft. The two women grunted and slurped at each other's faces. They jerked each other's cocks as they kissed, their free hands roaming over one another's bodies.

Rory, meanwhile, pushed her face down as deep as she could, gagging herself on George's giant phallus. She coughed, saliva dribbling from her stretched open lips and coating her sister's length.

Georgia's hips continued to hump up into her kid sister's face. She gripped the blonde's rippling ass cheeks tightly, her own mouth full of the younger girl's throbbing dick. She twisted her wet lips around it's girth, her tongue lashing along the shaft as it plunged deeper into her tight throat.

Anya's hand was a blur as it pumped on Claudia's sensitive member. Drool ran over her chin, and she panted against her mom's eager tongue. "Yes!" she mumbled, between ravenous kisses. "I want you... I want you inside me!"

Claudia growled in response and shoved her willing daughter hard onto her back. Without a word, she crawled on top of Anya, and their hard cocks rubbed against each other.

Anya fumbled to grab her mother by the back of the neck. She pulled the older woman down, resuming their furious kiss. Claudia groaned, and quickly pushed her hips forward, burying her cock up her daughter's hot cunt.

"Oh, fuck!" Anya cried, as her mother filled her.

"That's it, Darling. Take Mother's shaft." Claudia snarled. She squeezed the younger woman's breasts and started to fuck her violently.

Anya trembled as her cunt was impaled relentlessly by her horny mother.

Georgia was having trouble breathing as Rory pounded into her throat. The blonde was clearly getting excited, her thrusts becoming more frantic. George could feel her own pleasure building. Her hips bounced off the mattress as she fucked her cock into Rory's face.

Sweat coated the two younger women as they ground their hot bodies together. Their hands roamed over one another, their skin glistening in their growing heat.

Rory pounded her cock into Georgia's mouth. Her pussy was dripping wet, too. Pulling up briefly, she gasped for air. "Finger me, Sis!" the blonde begged.

George didn't need to be asked twice! She quickly plunged three fingers inside her sister, burrowing deep in her gash. It was dripping wet, and squeezed tightly around her invading digits. George groaned, and curled her fingers, scraping them against Rory's slick pussy walls.

The blonde squealed, and took George's cock back inside her hungry, gaping mouth. She reciprocated by shoving her own fingers inside the brunette's hot, slippery pussy. That nearly set Georgia off, and she started to hump Rory's face much more frantically.

The bed shook as both sisters hurdled toward their impending climaxes.

Anya's eyes had rolled into the back of her head. Her brow was bathed in sweat. Tangled strands of hair were matted to her flushed face. "Oh... Mommy..." she whimpered, her head lolling back on the carpet.

Claudia's hips were pumping furiously now. Her cock plunged frantically inside her daughter's hot, tight, messy pussy. As she fucked Anya, she mauled the woman's breasts, sucking and slurping her nipples.

Anya's cock was still throbbing, mashed between the two horny women. It rubbed between their warm stomachs, precum oozing from it's red tip.

"God, Baby... You're so tight... This is so good..." Claudia grunted. Her tongue ran greedily over her daughter's bouncing breasts. Fumbling between them, she wrapped her fingers around Anya's rigid shaft.

"Oh, Mom... I want to fuck you too..." the younger woman gasped.

"In a minute, Darling... First... your mother... needs... to cum..."

The bed frame creaked as the head board slammed repeatedly against the wall. The two sisters were really fucking each other's throats now. Saliva dripped from their chins as they shoved their fat cocks into each other's faces.

Rory's fingers sloshed as she pumped them in and out of her big sister's pussy. She whimpered as the brunette's fingers pounded in her own sensitive cunt. As George's cock slammed repeatedly into the back of her throat, her eyes watered and her jaw ached. 

Georgia quivered as her sister ground frantically on top of her. Her cock and pussy ached as the blonde pleasured both of them expertly. Her nostrils flared as she struggled for oxygen. Rory's thick shaft plugged her mouth shut completely. She was feeling light headed, her eyelids growing heavy.

Finally, the brunette's eyes shot open, and she started to convulse. She let out a muffled screech, and her hips began to gyrate wildly. Pussy cream spewed from her open gash, and her cock exploded in her sister's mouth.

Rory squealed as she felt her sister erupt. She pulled back and gasped, letting hot sperm spray all over her face. George's pussy clamped tightly around her fingers, squeezing them hard as she climaxed.

"Oh, shit!" Rory cried. "Oh... OH SHIT!!"

Georgia's fingers were curled inside her and pumping frantically in her pussy. The brunette's throat squeezed tightly around the tip of her own throbbing cock head. With a fit of convulsions, her own orgasm rocked through her.

"OH GAWD!! OH FUCKING GAAAAAAAWD!!"

Hot cum filled Georgia's mouth and overflowed, coating her cheeks and chin. She moaned, spasming as she struggled to gulp it down, while still cumming hard, herself.

Rory fell back to the bed, once again wrapping her lips around her sister's erupting cock. She forced her fingers deeper inside the brunette's cunt, making the girl scream.

Both sisters struggled to work each other over through their orgasms. Fingers slapped and tongues slurped. Juices erupted and cocks sprayed everywhere! The bed was coated in their combined fluids, sticky, thick and pungent.

Anya lay on the floor, listening to her daughters erupt in orgasm. Her own pussy squelched as her mother continued to fuck it relentlessly. Her breathing ragged, she struggled to see what was happening on top of the bed. All she could see, though, was one of Rory's feet spasming as it hung out over the edge.

Claudia was breathing harder, too. She was standing upright on her knees now, her shaft sliding in and out of Anya's cunt. She panted, staring down as she jerked her daughter's own rigid cock.

"Fuck... I want it..." she panted - more to herself than anyone else.

Anya pulled her attention away from her daughters' voices. She felt her mother's thrusts begin to slow. The older woman was turning around, struggling to keep her cock buried in Anya's pussy.

She ended up on her hands and knees, facing her daughter's feet. Anya looked up and saw her mother's ass, and below it the woman's dripping pussy. Salivating, she reached up, helping to guide her mother down and back. Her own cock pointed upward, and she slid it easily inside.

The two women locked together, pushing into each other until each had their cock buried inside the other's pussy. They both turned onto their sides, their legs wrapping around one another.

"Oh, fuck!" Anya groaned, as she both filled her mother and was filled by her. For several seconds, both women lay motionless, panting and enjoying the duel sensation.

"R-r-ready?" Claudia finally stammered, her hips wriggling in anticipation.

"Ready!" Anya replied, her fingers tightening their grip on her mother's thigh.

Both started to hump simultaneously, their bodies grinding ferociously. Cocks squelched inside pussies as each woman tried to fuck the hell out of the other. Their bare skin scraped against the carpet as they struggled to plow into each other. Coated in sweat, their bodies glistened. 

"Oh, fuck!" Anya gasped. Saliva ran down her chin from her drooling, gaping mouth.

"Yes, Darling!! Fuck me!! Take my cock!" Claudia rambled frantically. She whimpered and groaned as she gyrated wildly against her horny daughter.

Rory groaned, rolling weakly off of her cum-soaked sister's body. They both lay on their backs, panting, their skin damp and sticky with their combined ejaculate.

Georgia was the first to sit up. Her head was a mass of damp, tangled hair. She sucked languidly at her fingers and stared down at her hot, naked sister.

"That was wild..." she groaned. Her cock was already throbbing back to life.

Rory giggled, and sat up too. She still felt a little light headed. She leaned forward, and the two sisters shared a sweet, but passionate kiss. Their kiss quickly deepened, and both girls could feel their cocks growing back to full hardness.

George pulled back. "Holy shit, do you hear them?" she giggled, her nose still pressed to her sister's.

"How could I not?" Rory replied. They peered over the edge of the bed, and stared wide eyed at the scene on the floor. Their mother and grandmother were locked together, each fucking the other's hot pussy.

"Holy shit!" Rory gasped. "We have to try that!"

George nodded vigorously in agreement. "Definitely!"

Anya was panting harder now. She slammed her cock hard in her mother's cunt, and impaled her pussy on the old woman's shaft. "Oh, fuck!" she whimpered, tears welling in her eyes. "Oh... fuuuuck!!"

Claudia was gasping too, her fingers gripping her daughter's thighs tightly. Her cock and pussy throbbed as her impending climax grew close. "I'm going to cum, Baby! Make your mama cum!!"

The two women slapped their hips together, their pussies sloshing wetly. Anya arched her back and groaned. She looked up, suddenly seeing her eldest daughter kneeling above her.

Georgia grinned and leaned forward, plunging her tongue between her hot mother's lips. As she kissed her daughter, Anya went over the edge, whimpering as she began to convulse.

"Oh... FUUUUUUUCK!!" she wailed, pulling her lips roughly from around George's outstretched tongue.

Claudia gasped as she felt her daughter's cock explode inside her pussy. Her eyes shot open, and she saw her granddaughter, Rory, grinning down at her.

"Oh, Granny... that looks so sexy!" the blonde cooed, before leaning forward and kissing her. Their tongues dueled and Claudia groaned, before exploding in orgasm herself.

Rory and Georgia moved back and watched in awe as the the two women came. Their sweat-soaked bodies writhed and slammed into each other, sweat spraying off of their pounding asses.

Hot creamy sperm spewed from their pussies, overflowing from their buried cocks. Their voices rose in a shared cry of pleasure, their faces contorting in ravenous ecstasy.

Rory was beaming as she watched, and curled up next to her sister. They both giggled and started to kiss. The feel of their warm lips melting together was more than enough to renew their sexual desire, and soon their hands were exploring.

"Rory? What's that?" Georgia asked, peering over the blonde's shoulder as she bit and licked it.

"Mmmm? What?" her sister replied, distracted by George's hand wrapped around her hot shaft.

"Outside the door!" George insisted, pulling away from her horny sister. She stood, and Rory turned to look out the open bedroom door herself.

A strange, copper light was glowing beyond the room, in the darkness beyond. Curious, Rory stood as well, and followed her sister toward it.

Anya, still panting, finally released her grip on her mother's slippery thigh. She slowly sat up, her cock still lodged firmly inside Claudia's snatch.

"That was... in... indescribable!" she panted.

Claudia wasn't listening, though. She was staring at the door, at the same copper light her granddaughters had just followed. Easing her cock from Anya's pussy, she stood on shaky legs.

"Mom?" Anya called, confused, until she noticed the light, too. All the memories of her dreams came flooding back, and Anya's heart leapt in her chest.

Trembling, she followed the others, stepping nervously out of the room...