 Anya stepped out of her daughter's bedroom.

Just outside the door, the house had a small open space she liked to use as a reading nook. There was a big, comfortable sofa against the far wall, with reading lamps on either side and bean bag chairs the girls used to love sitting in when they were younger.

Standing in the middle of the room, surrounded by a soft, coppery glow, were the women from Anya's dreams. The tall, beautiful, copper skinned women. The ones who had given them this wonderful gift.

There were four of them, all perfectly identical in appearance. They had long, flowing white hair and big, pale blue eyes. They were tall, at least 6 feet, but still incredibly elegant and feminine.

The copper skinned women were naked, smiling softly at their surprised hosts. Each of them had firm, gorgeous breasts, and a massive cock swaying between their legs.

Anya began to salivate as she stared at their huge, hanging shafts. The others were doing the same.

"Hello." One of the copper skinned women said. She stepped forward, appearing to speak for the others. "I'm sure you are all confused. The memories are rushing back to you now, perhaps you think they were dreams. I can assure you that they were not, and neither is this.

We come from another planet, another time. Our species has come to you to give you a gift, to change your society for the better." She smiled, glancing back at her sisters.

"Come, kneel before us, and we will complete your transformation." The other copper women stepped forward, then, and all four of their cocks began to harden.

Anya's eyes were glued to the one directly in front of her - the one who had spoken to them. She stepped forward in a trance and knelt. On either side of her, the others were doing the same.

"Now," the copper skinned woman said: "Take us into your mouths and nourish yourselves on our seed."

Anya moaned, and leaned forward, taking the woman's massive cock in her hands. Her lips stretched around it's girth, and it slid easily to the back of her throat. It was unlike anything she'd ever experienced before... the taste, the feel... She felt almost as if her mouth might orgasm, the sensation in it was so powerful.

As Anya and her brood devoured the cocks in front of them, their own members hardened between their thighs. Anya reached for hers, stroking it wildly as she slurped on the tall woman's shaft.

The room was silent apart from the muffled moans of Anya and her family. She could hear her daughters on either side of her, whimpering as they sucked eagerly. Her mother, too, was groaning and grunting as she stuffed her mouth with delicious cock.

"Yes, that's it, my pets..." the copper skinned woman breathed. Her hands cupped Anya's face, pulling her harder into her thrusts. She was beginning to breath deeply, clearly enjoying what Anya was doing to her.

"It's going to come now... drink it all..." Her long hair swayed, brushing her bum as she tossed her head back with pleasure. Her arms squeezed her large breasts together as she jerked into Anya's mouth.

A long, steady stream of cum shot from her cock and flowed easily down Anya's throat. Anya moaned. The flavour was enough to drive her wild with desire. She guzzled the woman's sperm, sucking it out of her shaft hungrily. Her hand flew up and down her own cock, jacking it wildly, until she was cumming, too.

Her muffled whimpers rose as she struggled to continue sucking the copper skinned woman. Her cock spewed all over the carpet. It was the most intense orgasm of her life.

All around her, she could hear the same thing happening to the others. Her daughters were cumming powerfully. She could hear their whimpers of pleasure, and the wet sounds of their slurping mouths as they struggled to drink everything their own lovers gave them.

Before she even had time to recover, Anya felt the woman grab her, and spin her around on the floor. She was suddenly on her hands and knees, and the woman was kneeling behind her. Her cock was still leaking jizz onto the floor as she was swiftly penetrated.

"Yes!!" she cried, her voice choked as she gasped suddenly for breath. The copper skinned woman started to fuck her, more powerfully then she'd ever been fucked. Her massive cock pistoned inside her, filling her more than she'd ever been filled.

She groaned, looking to her right through clouded, watery eyes. Her daughter, Rory was being fucked in the same position. The blonde was straining toward Claudia, and was kissing and licking her grandmother's face.

Claudia was getting fucked, now, too, and returning her granddaughter's kisses. The two of them were hungrily licking the strange women's cum from each other's faces.

"M-mom..." Anya heard suddenly, from her other side. She turned to look at her eldest daughter.

Georgia looked wild, ravenous... Her face was dripping with pale blue cum, her hair tangled, her eyes wide with desire. She leaned forward, and Anya met her, their tongues tangling passionately together.

The two kissed, mother and daughter moaning as they were pummelled violently from behind. Their cocks swayed between their legs, their pussies gushing as they were impaled.

Anya licked and kissed her daughter's face, cleaning it thoroughly of the strange woman's seed. The taste was so addictive, she couldn't stop herself. Georgia seemed just as crazed- just as hungry for it's flavour. She ran her tongue over Anya's cheeks and chin like an eager puppy.

The four family members were writhing in pleasure, covered in sweat as they were fucked ferociously. The copper skinned women held them firmly, thrusting their wonderful cocks at what was now an alarming speed.

Finally, they all arched their backs simultaneously, and let out identical moans. 

Anya's eyes rolled into the back of her head. She began to convulse as she felt hot semen shoot deeply inside her. Georgia pulled away from her, spasming through her own intense climax.

"OOOOOOOOH FUUUUUUUUUCK!!!!" Anya howled. Her cock was spewing again, her cum shooting all over her own tits and stomach. She writhed and pounded her hips back desperately, her cunt devouring the woman's shaft.

Finally, the four copper skinned women pulled back, and stood. Anya and her family collapsed on the floor, more thoroughly fucked then ever. They looked up at their new masters, panting frantically as their chests heaved.

"You are now the same as us." The leader of the copper skinned women said. She was smiling broadly. "You have the power to spread our gift to every woman on the planet. You will not die, you will not age. Men on your planet will die out, but you and our kind will remain.

As your technology advances, you will be able to join us in a few millennia, to spread the gift we've bestowed upon you to other worlds as well."

Anya took all of this in, but she was getting distracted by her daughters. Rory's hands were already stroking insistently at her stiffening member. She felt Georgia's kisses moving steadily up her body. She groaned, pulling her daughters to her, her hands exploring them eagerly.

The copper skinned women smiled to each other, and then, suddenly, they were gone. Anya and her family were immediately consumed by their passion for one another.

Anya rolled on top of Georgia, her cock slipping easily into the brunette's cunt.

"Fuck, Mommy! Yes!!" the girl groaned, pumping her hips against her mom's throbbing shaft.

Behind them, Claudia had Rory bent over one of the beanbag chairs. She shoved her cock in her granddaughter's pussy, making the blonde squeal with pleasure.

The four women fucked and sucked for hours, never tiring and never sated. Their libidos and stamina seemed to be endless, thanks to the blue semen they'd consumed.

At one point, Anya was riding her mom's cock, with Georgia pounding her ass from behind. Rory knelt in front of her mother, shoving her wet shaft into the woman's mouth.

Anya writhed and whimpered as she was pummelled by her family's three massive cocks. Their ejaculate soon covered her sweat soaked body, making her convulse in ecstasy.

Leaning against the side of the couch, Anya guided Rory's ass up and down on her shaft. The blonde was whimpering desperately, her voice muffled by her big sister's tongue. Georgia was on her knees, kissing Rory passionately, as she pumped her own ass back on her grandmother's shaft.

Anya came when she heard both girls cry out simultaneously into each other's mouths.

At one point, the four women lay in a circle, each sucking the woman in front of them. Rory slurped and licked her big sister's throbbing cock head, her fingers pumping in the girl's cunt.

Georgia trembled, her own mouth full of her grandmother's thick, searing phallus. She gripped the older woman's sweat covered ass, her fingers massaging her sphincter.

Claudia writhed into her granddaughter's mouth, her own wrapped tightly around Anya's cock. She pumped it to the back of her throat, her nose buried in her daughter's hot gash.

Anya ground her cunt back against her mom's face, and grunted as she sucked her youngest daughter. Rory's hot shaft pounded into her throat, stretching her wet lips around it. She played with her daughter's hot pussy cream, spreading it all over her little girl's body.

A trembling series of orgasms soon rippled through the hot family members. Hot, thick semen spewed from their cocks and sprayed all over each other...

Anya sat back against one of the beanbags, finally sated momentarily. She watched as her daughters wrapped their cum-slick legs around one another, embracing.

The two started to kiss, their tongues delving deeply into one another's hot open mouths. As they frenched, they pressed their crotches together, their hot pussies melding as their cocks rubbed deliciously.

Claudia sat down next to her daughter and sighed. She wiped her hand on her cheek, scooping up a dollop of semen.

"They're lovely girls, Darling." she said, putting a loving arm around her daughter. "You've done a great job with them." 

Anya couldn't help smiling at her mother's kind words. She sighed, resting her head on Claudia's shoulder. The girls were grinding harder now, whimpering into each other's mouths.

"Just think, we get to spread this wonderful gift for the rest of our lives!" she said. Her cock was twitching to life once again as she watched her sweet daughters fucking.

Claudia noticed, and reached for Anya's swelling shaft. "For the rest of eternity, Sweetie." she corrected. Her fingers began to stroke her daughter's growing erection.

Anya cooed, and turned to her mother. The two women melted into a kiss. The sounds of her daughters squealing and cumming suddenly filled both their ears.

George and Rory were bucking together, their pussies sloshing and their hard cocks spraying their sperm all over their torsos. They clung to each other, still kissing hungrily. Soon, they lowered their mouths to each other's bodies to lick up their creamy spend.

Anya leaned back, letting her mother kiss her way down over her chest. The older woman got on top of her, and soon they were once again writhing in ecstasy.

As they fucked, Anya smiled, thinking of what her future held. She imagined all the beautiful women she and her family would soon transform...

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Epilogue:

Claudia answered the door in nothing but her bathrobe. Anya's neighbour, Sally was standing on the porch.

"Thank you so much for coming over to help!" the old woman said with a grin. She let the pretty brunette into the house. "I'm so useless with these new gadgets!"

"Not a problem, Claudia! Where's the modem?" Sally asked, following her new neighbour into the living room.

"Right there, under the table." Claudia replied.

Sally got down onto her knees, and Claudia smiled, undoing the sash of her robe...

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Rory grinned as she stepped out of the principal's office. "Thanks for the lesson, Mrs. Thomas!" she called back. "I'll be sure to better behave myself in the locker room at the next practice!"

"Um... s-s-s-see that you do, Dear..." the principal answered. She was still staring incredulously at her crotch.

Rory giggled, adjusting the bulge under her skirt, and skipped off to her next class...

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Georgia looked around her friend, Tammy's dorm room with a wide grin plastered on her lips.

"This study group sure was a great idea!" she exclaimed with a laugh.

The other girls could only grunt or moan as a response. Their mouths were all too busy at the moment... as they devoured each other's cocks and pussies...

------------------------------------------------------------------------

"That's great, Mary. I'll have my secretary set up a meeting immediately." Anya said into the phone. She was at her desk in her office at work. "See you then.... Ok, thanks.... Bye!"

She hung up, and looked down under her desk. "Did you get that, Caroline? I need you to set up a meeting with Mary this afternoon. I have something important to go over with her." she said with a grin.

Caroline pulled her lips reluctantly from her boss's cock, gasping as saliva dripped from her chin. "Yes, Ma'am... r-r-right away." she stammered.

"Oh, not right away, Dear. You can take care of it when you're done, of course." Anya replied. She smiled, and pulled the brunette's face back down onto her throbbing shaft.

Anya sat back and sighed, thoroughly content with her new life. She closed her eyes as she felt her orgasm steadily starting to build...