 I stood there watching Jasmine from across the lobby of Eros Industries where I worked. She wasn't what I had expected. For one thing, she had tripped over her own feet three times in the last ten minutes, seemed to be a complete nervous wreck, and was talking to herself. I was assigned as her guide now that she had finished her initial training and was ready to go out into the field. I wasn't excited about this duty but I had learned to do what I was asked. 

We are handmaidens of the Goddess Aphrodite, trained to spread love in the world. All of the handmaidens used to be human. I'm not sure how we are selected but certain women after they pass are recruited by Aphrodite to do her work. There are many Gods and Goddesses and people are assigned to various ones after their time on Earth is done.

My name is Lillian, I was 62 when I died of cancer. After I was selected to be a handmaiden, my body was healed and restored to the physical age of 25. I will not speak negatively of my Goddess but it was common knowledge that she was vain. All her handmaidens were given their youth back to them and there was not an unattractive woman in her entire rank. My hair is raven black, my eyes are very dark blue, my complexion fair, and at 5 foot 2 inches I only weigh 110 pounds. I was grateful for my transformation, losing my beauty to old age had been a trial for me, I guess I was as vain as Aphrodite herself.

Jasmine was no exception, she stood 5 foot 6 inches, weighed 125 pounds, had golden blonde hair and sea green eyes, and was just slightly paler than I. Her b breasts were a size larger than mine but I smugly thought mine were perkier. It wasn't her appearance that struck me as odd but the fact that she seemed so out of place and clumsy. Grace went right along with our beauty, but it wasn't my place to know why she had become one of us now. I took a deep breath and made my way towards my new trainee.

"Hello Jasmine, I'm Lillian." I spoke softly but she jumped as if I had yelled. "Sorry I'm a little nervous," she stuttered. I tried to put my most pleasant smile in place and took another breath willing patience to come. It had been over thirty years since I had gone through my training and then been assigned to my mentor, but I didn't remember needing much guidance. Jasmine however would be a different story.

"It's alright, there is nothing to be anxious about. You will travel with me to learn hands on experience. Your training would have been good but it is incredibly different learning in a classroom than in the real world. As you know, you are now officially a handmaiden. We are nicknamed Aphrodite's Angels. We are given daily assignments of people we need to help. Giving people love is one of the greatest gifts they can receive, but we must use our best judgement how to help them. We are able to sense their inner most desires, between that and the information we are given in our assignments, we give them not what they want but what they need."

Jasmine nodded along as I spoke, seeming to soak up every word even though most of this wasn't news to her. It felt like I needed to be gentle with her and walk her through this work, which irritated me. I like to work alone. Well the quicker I trained her, the quicker I could go solo again. And I did want to train her well, it would reflect badly on me if she was no good at this work after learning from me.

I took my new companion for a quick tour of Eros Industries. It would shock people to realize how organized the afterlife is. This is where our superiors worked, where we checked in, picked up our assignments each day and submitted our reports when we finished. After an hour I led an awe struck Jasmine away from the corporate offices. Next was guiding her in the art of materializing on Earth. We live in a separate plane of existence than we did in our former lives, but we can travel back there when we concentrate on our destination and will ourselves to appear there. It wasn't a hard skill to learn really, just took a bit of practice so you ended up where you wanted to be and not halfway around the world.

I picked the sandy California beach as our first practice run. Holding Jasmine's hand, I led her through the process. It was sunny and clear skies when we arrived. The beach was crowded with people hanging out on a Saturday. It took me a second of walking before I realized my protege wasn't at my side. Looking back I watched her instinctively dodge around people, not wanting to run into anyone. When she had caught up I held a hand up indicating she should stand still. Then I deliberately walked right through a sunbathing couple. 

Jasmine's cheeks flared red when it hit her that we couldn't run into someone if we tried. We were immaterial here, no one could feel us, hear us, or see us. Everyone learns this early on but it is ingrained in us to avoid walking into someone from our previous life. It takes a little time to be comfortable with the idea of being in spirit form when we're here. Following my lead, the two of us walked the beach. Today was all about her taking a practice run for her new job before we had an assignment. By the end of the day, Jasmine was moving through people and things without flinching, materializing from one point to another in the blink of an eye, and concentrating on a person to learn their desires. She was ready.

Over the next 3 weeks we learned to get along well enough. I was trying to be the best teacher I could and have unending patience. Jasmine was less nervous than when we first met, she was more comfortable with what she needed to do. Although she had screwed up a handful of times, I was able to fix her mistakes. It is harder to know what desires to fulfill than you would think. People are filled with yearnings, we are to strongly influence their minds with what is most needed. Some people need a quick screw with a coworker and some need to have the courage to ask a stranger out.

It was the start of a new day, but not just any day. Today was Valentine's Day. It was our busiest day of the year. There was a larger demand for love on this day, people were desperate to find a connection, so there were so many more desires to be fulfilled. Our work load was always tripled on this holiday. Many people imagine Cupid flying around shooting arrows, they could not be any wronger. One person could not do all that work by themselves. And women are much better at helping in the love department, that's why there isn't a single man in Aphrodite's service.

Jasmine beat me to the office February 14th. She seemed extra bubbly,"Good morning Lillian! I'm ready to help people fall in love, I always loved Valentine's Day." Many newbies make the mistake of thinking today will be a magical day full of eternal love, time to squash her hopes. Giving her what I hoped was a warm smile I explained, "Today will be just like all the others, we do not guide someone to their true love until they're truly ready. We give them the love that they are needing at that time, even if they don't realize what they need. Remember that."

Jasmine followed me up to collect our daily assignments looking a bit crushed. She should have known better than that. Yes it would be grand to give everyone the love they can't live without, but we learn that's not always what is needed. Everyone needs different love at different times, that's the true difficulty of our job. Really you can break love into four groups: true love where you have a real chance of staying together unless you stupidly mess it up, new love where it is exciting and you wonder if this is the one for you or not, crushes where you feel a connection in some way, and lust where your wants are in a more primal place. That is the most common kind of love we run into, people are filled endless lustful thoughts.

Jasmine and I materialized in a small town in Montana a short time later. We were only assigned to English speaking areas since that is what we spoke. Aphrodite's Angels were filled with people of all nationality and we went to where we could work best. A person's desires are in their native tongue, so if you don't speak Chinese then you won't understand what a Chinese person needs.

It was barely light out yet, most people still were sound asleep. We trudged off quickly to our first stop. In a small one bedroom house on a quiet street slept our first target. "Annabelle Mackenzie, age 23, single, straight," I read from our paperwork, "What do her inner musings say to you Jasmine?"

My companion concentrated deeply before replying,"She needs something insubstantial, a fling just so she's not alone on this day of the year and to get her sexual frustrations out of her system for now." "Very good,"I replied. Then we concentrated on young Annabelle to direct her. No we do not use magic arrows that make you flip over the next person you see. Ours is a subtler work. We place a deep seeded thought in the brain that you can't get out. It works quickly and efficiently. People think they're making their own choice but it is us guiding them. Our guidance doesn't always end in wine and roses but it is what the person is suppose to receive at the time. It doesn't always make sense to us but we know what desires need to be fulfilled.

Within a few moments Annabelle awoke. Our persuasion was strongly in her mind. After a minute of trying to collect her thoughts, our target got up and ready to go out. We are required to follow our charges until we are sure their desire is fulfilled, in case we need to plant the idea again. Some people are more reluctant than others. We silently followed the young woman to her car and then rode in the backseat until she stopped in front of a bakery. 

Inside the smells were amazing, nothing like fresh bread. I was extremely grateful we could still enjoy food, sleep, sex, and such in our lives after we passed on. It would have been cruel to deprive us of those things. There was only one other person in the bakery at this time of morning. A man in his early thirties trying to decide what to order. I'm sure normally Annabelle doesn't walk up to strange men and start to flirt but she wasn't in her usual state of mind with us helping out, so that's what she did. Half an hour later, two cinnamon rolls eaten, the pair exited the bakery together. 

The man, Roger, brushed his fingers along her arm, sending a wave of desire through her. Without a word, he leaned forward and kissed her lips lightly. That was all she needed. Responding to the kiss, her body leaned against his form and her lips pressed firmly to his. Their kiss deepened and soon that wasn't enough. His hands wrapped around her waist and pressed them together tightly. The feel of his growing cock made her squirm in anticipation. Her squirming against him helped to stir his cock more, until it was begging to be released. The two of them got in his truck and drove with extreme speed to his apartment a few blocks away.

Annabelle had his pants halfway off before they were even in the safety of his apartment. Roger was busy getting her bra off those beautiful breasts that he wanted to suck. They left a trail of clothing all the way to the bedroom and never seemed to lose contact with each other. Falling onto the bed, they wrapped their bodies around each other as tongues explored each other's mouths. This was not a time of romance, it was one of full lust and yearning. Without any more build up, Roger slid his hard member into her wet pussy, it had been too long for both of them and they needed this desperately.

He banged Annabelle for a solid twenty minutes, resisting the urge to cum. He just wanted to keep fucking this stranger, enjoying his cock deep inside her. Her cumming did him in, without being able to put it off any longer, he came hard. Their panting was the only sound filling the air when Jasmine and I departed. Off to our second assignment in Florida.

Eighteen year old Jeffrey Corban, in a relationship, straight. Looking deep inside him it was obvious he wasn't ready to be in a relationship, he was young and wanted to be wild. He needed something new. The thought took hold immediately, it never takes long if the person is really ready for what we encourage them to do. It was a ten minute drive to a seedier part of town, it took no time for Jeff to spot what he was looking for, a girl dressed in tight pants and a tank top, hair in a pony tail, and make up overly done. Her appearance screamed prostitute. 

After a second of conversing, Jeffrey was driving this girl, Brittany, to a no tell motel. Only having had one girl in his life and not trying much more than missionary position, he was unsure what to ask for. Brittany took charge and started by sinking to her knees in front of his bulge. Slowly freeing his dick, she wrapped her lips around it and showed how skilled she was at blowing a man. Working his dick with her hand and mouth at the same time, she bobbed up and down and it. Keeping a good pace, she kept an eye on how close he was getting. It wouldn't take much longer before he came in her mouth. 

She stopped and rubbed her body against his as she stood up. She pushed him back on the bed and undressed in front of his attentive stare. Climbing onto his lap, she rubbed her pussy on his throbbing cock, not letting it go inside just yet. His grunting told her how good it felt and how he wanted to cum. She slid down off the bed, leaning over him. She placed his dick between her large breasts and started jerking him off with her tits. Jeffrey was in heaven, his head back, eyes closed, and a huge smile plastered on his face.

It took him a minute to realize she had stopped that action and was climbing back up on the bed. Brittany lowered herself slowly onto his waiting cock, let him slide in and then back out. She continued her teasing a couple more times and then sensing his impending explosion, sat fully on his manhood and rocked back and forth with no abandon. He couldn't hold it back any longer. Brittany slid off in a flash and helped him finish by jerking him off. 

Stop three was in rainy Washington state. A 36 year old teacher named Monica Lopez was single and bi-curious. It took a little longer to sense what it was that she was needing. Searching carefully, I helped Jasmine understand that Monica needed two things right now. She needed to try out a fantasy and also a new relationship, that first date with butterflies hoping to get to a second date.

We led Monica to arrange with a friend to have breakfast at a local diner. The two had known each other for many years and were fairly close. Trina joined Monica at the Black Bear Diner a short time later. The two chatted a little but it was obvious that Monica's mind was on other things, we made sure to keep her thoughts going that way. Trina of course noticed and the conversation was steered towards relationships. Monica was in tears with how upset she was, how lonely, how unfulfilled lately. The crying was attracting attention, so being a good friend, Trina invited her over to her house.

Once seated on the couch, the two of them seemed to talk forever. Now not to be insensitive, but I have a busy schedule, especially on today of all days. This didn't seem to be working itself out quick enough, so another thought was placed in Trina's head. Now both women were having some dirty thoughts filter around. Monica could tell there was a change in her friend and with the extra effort Jasmine and I were using on her, her courage was bolstered and she planted a kiss right on Trina's soft lips. A stunned silence followed. Then bodily urges took hold and with the barrier broken, there was no going back.

The two women wrapped their arms around each other as their kisses became more and more passionate. They were like two teenagers going at each other in that moment. Soon both shirts were pulled off, followed by the unhooking of bras and then there was the feeling of skin on skin that was exhilarating. Trina leaned down to trace Monica's nipples with her tongue, this sent a moan escaping Monica's lips and her back arched at the pleasure. They continued on, treating each other gently, enjoying each new sensation as neither had ever been with a woman before.

Pants and panties soon were off and the two were intertwined on the couch, their legs wrapped around each other, their pussies pressed up against each other. The kissing stopped when Monica started rubbing her pussy against her friend's. The pleasure that came from this small action made both of them gasp aloud. Wrapping their arms tighter around each other, both women began rocking back and forth against the other's soft body. Their wet cunts rubbed against each other quicker and quicker, pressing harder together and the need was building in both ladies. 

They came with a few seconds of each other, panting for breath. But neither one seemed to have had enough. This whole new world was open to them. Feeling comfortable now and much braver, Trina laid her friend back on the couch and then straddled her perfect pouty lips. Monica needed no prompting and and started sucking and licking the pussy presented to her. Trina rocked wildly on her face like she was riding a stiff a cock, her juices were flowing and she was in a world all her own. So when she came, she was howling with pleasure at the top of her lungs. This spurred Monica on to bury her face between those pussy lips and help her cum again.

After an hour, both women and had taken turns in this position and cum multiple times. Falling exhausted on top of each other, they lay in each other's embrace. Then Trina leaned in and lightly kissed her lips. Whispering in her ear that she didn't want this to be a one time thing. Both women lay their talking to their new flame, hoping this was the start of something truly amazing. Our third charge was now completed in both her desires. So off to the middle of no where New Mexico Jasmine and I went.

Bob Brillman was a 46 year old divorcee who was straight but had very specific tastes. Those tastes were for twenty year old women, which is how he came to be divorced in the first place. Now even scum bags and creeps make our list. Concentrating on what Bob needed soon told us that a deeper love connection was unknowingly longed for. It took some work, those feelings and thoughts were really buried, but so we had him leaving his office and taking a drive to a local hotel conference room. Today there was speed dating set up there in honor of the holiday of love.

A bit unsure of himself and why he had gone, Bob signed up and took his place. He moved from one table to another talking with many women, soon he was feeling more relaxed and just enjoying having these multiple conversations. Then he sat down at Connie's table. She was in her early forties and recently single. Not expecting to have so much in common, Connie and Bob chatted away. The bell dinged signaling the time to change tables. Bob moved on but for the rest of the time there, his thoughts kept creeping back to Connie and her sweet smile and beautiful laugh.

After the mingling had all ended, this enchanting woman on his mind was no where to be found. He ambled to the hotel bar and ordered a rum and coke. Not two seconds later, Connie sat down beside him. She had really connected with him during their speed chat. They sat and continued their conversation as if it hadn't been interrupted at all. Both of them let their guard down too much and drink more than their share. Soon Connie didn't care that she might get hurt and that her kids might not approve of Bob. Bob wasn't just enjoying a conversation with an interesting woman but was finding himself getting aroused by this older woman even though she was twice his preferred age.

Another drink of liquid courage for them both inspired them to book a room upstairs and as they walked giddy to the elevator they could barely contain their excitement. It seemed like an eternity to reach room 304. Once inside Connie took the first step and put her arms around his neck. Standing on tip toe, she licked his ear, his neck, then let her tongue trace his lips. He had forgotten what an older more experienced woman could do but was soon reminded as Connie deep throated his dick. He loved how noisy her blow job was, how she made sure her teeth didn't knick him once, how she made time for his balls and had a way of swirling her tongue on his tip.
