 Cassiopeia sat in her courtyard garden writing on a scroll, composing a text of instruction and technique to be used by new initiates in the Order of Aphrodite. Once she finished this draft, it could be copied by the scribes and distributed to the initiates. Gradually Cassiopeia became aware of a commotion outside her garden. It grew louder as it drew closer. Annoyed at the interruption of her concentration, she sat down the quill and went up stairs to the mezzanine overlooking the street up to the manor. 

The moment Cassiopeia looked into the street, her eyes widened in surprise. Kaia was running up the street toward Cassiopeia's Manor, stark naked, with a very large crowd of men and women trailing behind her. With the Temple of Aphrodite in such close proximity to the city, it was common to see people walk around in various degrees of undress, some completely nude, nor was it unusual to see displays of affection or worship to the Goddess take place in the streets. Most people paid little attention to such attractions. Cassiopeia could not understand why a mob had gathered to chase after Kaia. However, as they drew nearer, Cassiopeia noticed the crowd's demeanor was not of anger or ill intent; they had the pretense of utter lust. They seemed to be floating down the street as if hypnotized. 

Cassiopeia realized there was something very different about Kaia. As Cassiopeia watched her run up the hill, her hair billowing in the breeze, her breasts bouncing and swaying in rhythm to her pace, the rippling muscles in sleek legs and her skin shinning from perspiration, Cassiopeia felt a definite arousal as her pussy moistened. Kaia's body seemed to glow despite the hot sun shining from its zenith. Cassiopeia, spellbound from watching Kaia's body in motion, reached and pinched her nipples letting a wave a pleasure wash over her. Seeing Kaia fast approach her Manor, Cassiopeia quickly regained her composure and rushed down to open the front gate. Cassiopeia arrived at the door just as Kaia approached up the path leading from the road with the crowd not far behind. Kaia stopped in front of her Mistress, her head bowed in respect. Cassiopeia felt another shiver of desire as she looked at Kaia standing there before her.

"My Lady," said Kaia softly. "I must request an urgent forum with you. I have been visited by the Goddess Aphrodite."

Cassiopeia smiled, she had been expecting this day for many years now. "It appears," she replied, "you have at last come under the grace of our Goddess. Come, follow me." Kaia entered the outer courtyard and locked the door behind her amidst cries of wanton desire from the crowd behind her. Cassiopeia summoned a dozen initiates who had been studying in the lounge to appease the crowd and conduct an orgy in honor of Aphrodite in the outer courtyard once she and Kaia had retired to the inner gardens. Kaia followed her Mistress and could not avoid noticing the shapely sexy body of her Mistress. Cassiopeia was just under forty years and still an extremely beautiful woman. Cassiopeia's hair was long and curly with a deep auburn hue and shone like silk. She wore a sheer silk tunic that gave a transcendental look her full breasts and curvy hourglass figure. Her derriere was hard and smooth and her bush plucked to nice triangle. By the Gods, Cassiopeia was beautiful.

Once they had entered the seclusion of the inner courtyard garden Cassiopeia sat on a carved granite bench. Kaia sat on the ground in front of her as was usual when she was in the presence of her Mistress. Cassiopeia sighed. She patted the place on the stone bench next to her. "Come sit here my child," she said. "I release you from your servitude; you are now a free woman."

Kaia blinked, somewhat surprised. She rose slowly and sat on the bench. "My Lady," Kaia began.

"Kaia," Cassiopeia cut her off, "We are now equals. Please, I am no longer your Lady. You have been anointed by Aphrodite. By your divine calling I am now your servant. Address me as you wish; Cassiopeia will do."

Kaia had so many questions bubbling in her head she was barely paying attention. "Yes My Lady... Cassiopeia."

"Now what's on your mind?" Cassiopeia inquired.

"Who am I?" Kaia blurted. "Who was my mother? Why was she killed? Why did..."

Cassiopeia placed her finger to Kaia's lips. "Shh, let me begin. Her name was Atheinaia," Cassiopeia explained, "Your mother was the Supreme High Priestess to Aphrodite, anointed by Aphrodite to preside over her influence among mortals. Your mother was the most beautiful woman in the world save Aphrodite herself. Atheinaia was my superior, and my friend.

We grew up together in Athens, daughters of very influential families who wanted nothing more from us than leverage for their own political power. Her father was a member of the city council and was vying for Mayor of Athens. His ambitions knew no limit. He had many daughters and he would offer them in marriage to other council members or their sons in exchange for favors. His sons were enlisted in the local militia, which was practically his own private army. He had several wives of his own as well as many slaves and concubines. His children were nothing more than goods for bartering.

As we grew, Atheinaia became more and more beautiful and her father began to notice. He had been given many offers for her; some men declared their entire fortunes to take her as a wife. However, her father refused them all, unable to part with her. My own father had plans to sell me to your mother's father as concubine. Athenian law allowed only a certain number of wives to the aristocrats; all others were nothing more than their legal whores.

As Atheinaia grew into womanhood, her father spent more and more time with her, watching her. At last, he could no longer resist her beauty, charm and innocence and he took her to his bed. He would leave Atheinaia locked in his chambers and take her night after night, ignoring the rest of his women. Atheinaia's mother was severely beaten when she protested. He would invite one, two, up to five associates over and share his daughter with them. It was months before I ever saw her, even after I had succumbed to the insult of becoming a concubine to her father.

Eventually, Atheinaia's father had to give her up. She had been introduced to Mayor Demos of Thebes and he wanted her. It would suicide to refuse such a powerful man from such a powerful state and her father knew he must end his affair. His own ambition and voracity paled in comparison to the hunger of power and greediness of Demos. His offer was much lower then most of the others her father had received, but to refuse Demos was death and she began her preparations to leave.

I was to accompany Atheinaia on her journey. The night before we were to leave I saw her for the first time in eight months. Atheinaia was more beautiful than I remembered, but there was hardness to her demeanor, sadness in face and pain in soul. Your mother vowed to me and the Gods; she would let no man own her. It was then that Aphrodite appeared to us and anointed your mother as she has done to you. We made beautiful love together until sun painted eastern sky pink. I have yet to experience again the ecstasy I felt that night. The longing for such passion has become a sort of curse to which I fear there is no relief.

The next morning, we began our journey to Thebes with an escort of twenty of her father's best soldiers. We were both cloaked and our faces hidden to conceal our beauty from other travelers. That night as the solders made camp, we were attacked by bandits. In the commotion, your mother and I fled into the forest only to be captured the next morning by party of slave traders. The power Aphrodite had bestowed on your mother was incredible. After spending only an hour with the chief merchant in his tent, he released us, gave us two very good horses and a week's worth of supplies. We decided to make our way to Corinth and dedicate our lives to the service of Aphrodite. Not long after we arrived your mother realized she was pregnant with you."

Cassiopeia paused to allow Kaia to digest the information. Kaia thought for a moment on what this meant. "You mean," she asked, "my father is my grandfather?"

"Yes," replied Cassiopeia, "but he never knew he fathered a child with his own daughter. Soon after the Mayor the Thebes learned his new wife was missing, he accused my father of cheating him and swore revenge. Two weeks later, your father - your mother's father - was found dead, assassinated by a minion of Demos.

Once we arrived in Corinth, Atheinaia assumed power over the administration of Aphrodite's Temple. Word quickly spread throughout the country of her beauty and the exquisite pleasure she could induce. Pilgrims flocked to the city to see her. Princes and Magistrates, Aristocrats and Kings spent half of their fortunes for time in her bed. Many wealthy people left Corinth destitute. The Temple of Aphrodite in Corinth became one of the richest in the land. Eventually her reputation reached Thebes and Mayor Demos. He was humiliated and outraged to learn his would-be wife and the most beautiful woman in the land would rather live as a harlet than as his wife. He dispatched his army to destroy Atheinaia, the Temple of Aphrodite and Corinth. You were almost three years old by this time. Your mother asked me to take you and hide in the countryside. 

When the army arrived, they decimated the soldiers of Corinth and made their way directly to the Temple leaving behind them swath of destruction. Your mother stood at the foot of the Temple to meet them. When they saw her, there was immediate dissention in their ranks. Many soldiers refused to destroy something so stunningly beautiful and conflict erupted amongst themselves. The army had almost destroyed itself when a single arrow escaped the mêlée and struck your mother through the heart. Those who remained stopped fighting as she fell, their faces full of regret. One by one, the soldiers left leaving the rest of Corinth untouched. The entire city mourned the loss of your mother; every year a special procession marks the anniversary of her death.

In a dream, I was instructed by Aphrodite to flee with you to the land of her birth and hide you, for the jealousy of Demos knew no bounds. The remaining soldiers and their families were slaughtered upon returning to Thebes. When he learned Atheinaia had a daughter, he began searching immediately. If he could not have Atheinaia, he would have her daughter. He has been searching for you ever since. Kaia, the time has come for you to fulfill your destiny. You must destroy Demos."

Kaia was stunned by the history of her family. She had never known hate before now, but as Cassiopeia finished talking Kaia felt a loathing for Demos she couldn't even describe. The bastard had his mother killed due to petty jealousy, and his days were now numbered.

"Come with me," said Cassiopeia standing. "I have some things for you." Kaia followed her into the house, up an ornately carved stone staircase and into her chambers. The room was beautiful; Kaia had never been allowed in here. The floor was brightly polished mosaic depicting the birth of Aphrodite. The walls were covered with colorful frescos of various rituals, but one in particular caught her attention. It displayed a young woman lying on an alter with many blue skinned men dancing around her and spilling their seed on her. 

Cassiopeia noticed Kaia's interest in the fresco. "This depicts the ritual of induction into the Order of Aphrodite. All who call themselves Priestesses of the Goddess must pass through her birth. We shall commence your passing at moonrise tonight. Come," she explained, "Come I have something for you."

Kaia felt her pussy twitch with anticipation for tonight's ceremony, her arousal already glistening on her slit. Kaia turned to see what her prior Mistress had. Cassiopeia reached under her bed, a large carved wood frame with four pillars extending to the ceiling and sheer silk draping between them. A feather mattress lay on top. She withdrew a small wooden chest, opened it and removed a beautiful jeweled dagger and various body ornaments. "These belonged to your mother." Cassiopeia said, answering Kaia's unasked question, "Now they are yours."

The dagger had gold handle with a carving of grape vines wrapping around it and three rubies set in the pummel. The cross guard had a row sapphires and emeralds set into each side and the blade, as long as her forearm, was polished to a mirror surface and etched with Spartan symbols. Engraved at the base of the blade was an inscription, 'To my beloved Atheinaia.' Kaia admired the dagger for a moment, it must have taken months to craft and likely worth more Cassiopeia's yearly income. Kaia tied the sheath to her leg; it also was crafted of the finest leather, decorated with gold and jewels. She began adorning herself with the other jewels from the chest; arm and thigh bands, bracelets, anklets, earrings and nose ring, a very fine necklace, a navel jewel, hip chain and jewels that clipped comfortably onto her pussy lips and nipples. Each piece was finely crafted of pure gold and encrusted with various gems and lustrous pearls.

Kaia finished the last item and looked up at Cassiopeia. It was too much for Cassiopeia to simply stand and watch this beautiful creature ornament herself with such attractive jewelry. Cassiopeia leaned against the side of her bed, her tunic removed and cast to the side, the fingers of one hand sliding into her wet slit and the other pinching and pulling at her nipples. As Kaia looked at this scene, she felt a flood of wetness in own pussy. "May I," inquired Kaia.

"Please," gasped Cassiopeia in throaty voice. "Take me!" Kaia lifted Cassiopeia, surprised at her new strength and placed Cassiopeia on the soft feather pillows of the bed. Sweetly and slowly, Kaia began kissing Cassiopeia's breasts taking a nipple into her mouth and gently sucking on it. Kaia's tongue worked a kind magic that had heretofore been unknown to Cassiopeia. 

Cassiopeia arched back, her fingers still plunging into her gushing slit. Within moments, she was screaming as an intense orgasm forced itself from her. Cassiopeia fell back astounded; she had not felt such pleasure since the night she had spent with Atheinia and Aphrodite. As soon as Cassiopeia caught her breath, she pulled Kaia on top of her, positioning Kaia's sweet pussy over her mouth. Cassiopeia ran her tongue through Kaia's slit flicking at her clit. The taste was intoxicating. Cassiopeia continued to lick the beautiful velvety snatch drinking in the flowing juices. Kaia involuntarily bucked her hips trying to drive Cassiopeia's soft tongue deeper. With her finger well lubricated from her own pussy, Cassiopeia reached around and slid her middle finger deep into Kaia's ass. 

Kaia began to knead and fondle her own breasts, licking her finger and rubbing the slippery saliva around her hard nipples; the jewels she had clipped to her nipples intensifying the effect. With the satisfaction of Cassiopeia's expert tongue lapping her cunt and the long slender finger fucking her asshole, Kaia threw back her head and screamed in pleasure as an intense orgasm rushed over her. Kaia grabbed Cassiopeia's head and with almost excessive force began fucking her tongue forcing it to her clit. Gasping cries escaped from Kaia with each breath. As the fire began to subside, Kaia collapsed onto Cassiopeia. After a few moments, Kaia slid down to lie on top of Cassiopeia, leaving glistening trail wetness over her breast and abdomen. They met in a passionate kiss, their tongues intertwining and their hands passionately exploring each others body.

Reluctantly, they parted. "We must prepare for tonight's ceremony," whispered Cassiopeia. "We have much to do. You stay and rest. I will send some servants to attend to you." Kaia climbed onto the bed and settled into the softness of the feathers. She watched lazily as Cassiopeia recovered her sheer silk tunic and left. Kaia suddenly felt very tired and closed her eyes to rest; drifting into peaceful slumber. 

When Kaia opened her eyes, the sun was low in the sky. She looked around the room again. The sheer hangings of the bed gave the room soft hazy ethereal look that was quite relaxing. She started as her gaze fell upon five young women standing along the wall waiting for her to awaken. The first one, noticing Kaia was awake and looking at them, spoke. "We are here to bathe and anoint you."

The servant beckoned to a tub in the corner of the room embedded in the floor. Steam wafted from the hot water perfumed with jasmine and lavender. Kaia stood, removed her jewels and dagger, walked across the room and stepped into the tub. Two girls began rubbing Kaia with soft sponges while two other cleaned and clipped her nails; the fifth combed her hair. The hot water and soft hands constantly caressing her caused her arousal to build again. The beauty of Kaia was more then the slaves could resist. As soon as the two slaves finished her nails the both kissed their way up Kaia's arm and to her hard ripe nipples, they feverishly sucked on them. The two slaves washing Kaia dropped their sponges and began kissing and sucking Kaia's delicate toes. Their hands caressed legs, kneading and massaging their down to her throbbing pussy. Kaia lay back succumbing to their ministrations as one finger entered her pussy and another caressed her clit. The last slave abandoned Kaia's hair, moved forward and passionately kissed Kaia. With her hands free Kaia reached steaming mounds of the two slaves sucking on her tits. They were already dripping wet, she slid her fingers between their slipper slits and into their sopping holes. The slave kissing her stood up and in one graceful motion lifted her leg over Kaia, placing her pussy directly in from of Kaia's waiting mouth. The slave ground her cunt against Kaia as her clit was devoured voraciously. Her orgasm swelled up inside her so quickly that she almost fainted when it came tearing out of her; she screamed in utter ecstasy. With her last bit of remaining strength she was able to climb off of Kaia before she collapsed. Kaia could feel her own pleasure building up to its breaking point. She raised her hips out of the water to provide better access to her pussy. The slave finger fucking Kaia drove her fingers deeper into Kaia's snatch and added a finger to her puckering ass. Kaia Thrashed around as her orgasm overtook her. Water splashed out of the tub drenching the all five slaves. 

They began to withdraw their fingers and lips from Kaia, "No" she pleaded, "I need more." Two of them helped her out of the tub. She pulled one of the girls down to the floor and climbed on top of her so they could both eat out each others cunts. Kaia was consumed with passion as she attacked the slave girl's tender snatch. At the same time her own clit was being worked on another slave got behind Kaia to tongue her asshole. Kaia felt a little guilty that the other two slaves where being left out but a quick glance showed that they had their legs intertwined with their pussies locked together. Kaia resumed licking at the tasty pussy under her, gliding her tongue between the soft folds and flicking it across the hard clit. Moments later the girl shuddered in pleasure as her orgasm peaked, her screams muffled by Kaia's snatch. Her head dropped from Kaia's pussy only to be replaced but the fingers of the slave tonguing Kaia's ass. The other two slaves continued to pound each others clits together as orgasms overcame them. Kaia roled off of the slave under her and laid on her side. She pulled the slave girl who had been licking her ass closer so that their legs crossed in the same position she had just seen. Their slick cunts touched sending and electric jolt through them. They thrust their hips together grinding their clits into each other. They grasped each others hands pulling hard and driving their cunts together with heated force. The came simultaneously in an orgasmic explosion that sent shock waves coursing through them. Kaia lay there panting as the five slave girls recovered from the orgy. 
