 The port bustled with activity. Merchants argued with tax collectors. Venders haggled with customers. Slaves were busy loading and unloading goods into the ships. The merchant ships, filled primarily with goods from China and Persia, were heading west to Athens or south to Alexandria in Egypt. Only a few would likely have room for passengers. First she would have to locate the Port Master to find out which ships where heading towards Athens. 

She strutted along the port towards the Port Masters office, enjoying the affect she was having on the dock activity. Work stopped and onlookers gawked in lust and disbelief of her beauty. Stunned silence and many hundreds of eyes followed her along the dock. Halfway down she came to the Port Master’s office and entered. The Port Master was large burly man with weathered skin and dark greasy hair; he was counting the morning’s port taxes when she entered. He looked up at her, blinked in disbelief and eventually spoke. “What business does a perty thing like you have in hole like this?” he asked in gruff voice.

“I am seeking passage to Athens,” Kaia replied.

A depraved grin crossed his face as he looked her up and down taking in every curve of her luscious body. “Leav’n the island are we?” he inquired as he stood and walked toward the door. “There be many ships bound for Athens and for the right price,” he chuckled while locking the door. “I can make sure you’re on the safest ship.”

Kaia narrowed her eyes in contempt. “The price,” she stated, “is one gold coin to the Port Master and four to the captain of the ship.”

“Aye,” he replied, “but a delicate flower like yourself could get hurt. A taste of that sweet looking gash would guarantee your safety on these docks.” He grabbed at her wrist to pull her towards him. With lightning speed Kaia parried his hand, grabbed his large thumb and twisted it around painfully, forcing him to his knees and his hand behind his back. She drew her dagger and with her other hand and placed the tip to his throat. He struggled until he felt the tip of her dagger poking into this neck. “Now, now my dear,” he babbled, red faced and humiliated. “I meant noth’n by it. Twas a joke. One gold coin is the price of course.”

“One gold coin?” she spat, “How about none and thank you for paying my passage.” In a single motion she released his thumb and pushed him to the ground while cutting the cord to his coin purse and grabbing it. She was on top of him before he even hit the ground with her dagger poised to enter between the vertebrae on the back of his neck. Placing her knee painfully on his spine, she leaned forward and whispered in his ear. “Now asshole, what is the fastest ship bound for Athens?”

“There is a ship docked on the north end of the dock. It has more then sixty rowers and room for one more passenger,” he sputtered realizing he had been bested by this beauty, “They are bound for Athens.” 

“Thank you,” she said, and then added as she kissed him on the cheek, “Ask next time and you might get lucky.” She stood and returned outside to the dock, leaving the Port Master on the floor.

She walked up to the north end of the dock where a large beautifully crafted trireme ship sat docked. The slaves were loading the last of the goods into the cargo hold and taking their positions in the rowing berths. A man dressed in an elegant silk tunic with and sandals laced to his knees stood talking with a man marking a clay tablet, most likely the inventory of today’s cargo. She approached him. “Are you the captain of this vessel?“ she inquired.

Annoyed he turned to see who was interrupting his work. Upon seeing her all signs of irritation left his face. “Y-y-yes” he stammered, “how may I be of service my lady?”

“The Port Master was kind enough to arrange for passage to Athens,” she stated.

“Did he?” smiled the man, somewhat regaining his composure. “Athens is our final destination. Our voyage shouldn’t be more the two weeks.” 

“That is fine,” she said, “what is your price for passage?”

“Price? I wouldn’t think of it, especially from a delightful woman such as yourself,” he answered.

“That is very kind of you, Sir,” smiled Kaia.

“However,” he continued thoughtfully, “There is only one private cabin on the ship and that is mine. The rest of the crew sleeps on the deck. You are more then welcome to share the cabin with me.”

“Thank you, Sir,” she said, “I accept your offer.”

“Please, call me Theadous,” he retorted trying to conceal his excitement at spending the next two weeks with this gorgeous woman, “go make yourself at home. We’ll leave within the hour. If I can be of any assistance, let me know.”

Kaia climbed the plank up to the deck. It was completely flat except for the berths on the side where the rowers sat and a set of steps leading down into the Captain Theadous’ cabin. She descended the steps and entered. It was small with a bed against one wall and desk against the other, but it looked comfortable. She lay on the bed and relaxed suddenly realizing her arousal. She had awoken late from last nights ceremony and orgy. This morning’s dealings had lent no time to service her now dampening pussy.

She took her golden wand, a shiver of anticipation rippling through her body, and rubbed it along the folds of her pussy lips. She lay down making herself as comfortable as she could without the benefit of additional pillows and spread her legs wide, placing one foot on the floor and propping the other on headboard of the bed. She teased her wet slit running the wand’s length against her slippery pussy lips. Each time one of the protruding pearls rubbed her clit a jolt a pleasure coursed through her. Her free hand fondled and tweaked her nipples adding to her state ecstasy. The familiar blaze of lust and desire began to overtake her and she quivered with the need to climax. She plunged the wand deep into her sopping hole, fucking herself with deep steady strokes. She felt the heat in her loins rising and the energy of her approaching orgasm rising. She increased the rhythm of the wand, fucking herself at a powerful rate, at the same time attacking her clit with her fingers, rubbing it firmly. She closed her eyes and groaned in bliss. Her whole body was ablaze, fed by the firestorm in her pussy. With each thrust of the wand a shriek of delight escaped her lips until at last she passed the point of release. She let out a piercing scream as her orgasm crashed over her washing her away into a daze of pure enchantment. Her orgasm subsided leaving her warm and tingling then she drifted off into a pleasant slumber.

She awoke some time later but continued to lie with her eyes closed and smiling, recalling a pleasant dream she had involving herself with several men and women. Gradually she became aware of the sounds of soothing waves lapping at the side of the ship as they made their way through the Mediterranean. There was another sound she noticed, a sort of rubbing, sucking sound. She also realized that she was still in the same position as she was when she had finished masturbating with her legs spread wide and the tip of her wand still in contact with her pussy. 

She opened her eyes. It was nearing dusk, the jewels in her wand sparkled despite the low light. Immediately she discovered the source of the sound she had heard. Captain Theadous had his tunic lifted up with a firm grip on his cock; his hand was a blur as he jerked his raging hard-on. She also noticed rivulets of spunk on her leg, belly and pussy, as well as the taste on her lips. The entire crew must have jerked off to the sight of her as she slept in such a provocative position, each taking a turn to cum on her. She didn’t mind but would have preferred to participate. It seemed such a waste of cock and cum to jerk off on her while she slept. The captain was in such a state of rapture he didn’t even notice Kaia had awakened until she spoke to him. “Stop,” she said softly.

Despite the gentleness of her voice she startled him. He quickly removed his hand and tried to conceal his protruding prick under his tunic. “F-f-forgive me M-my Lady,” he stuttered, mortified with embarrassment.

“It’s quite ok,” she cooed. “Come here let me finish that for you.” She drew her legs together and sat up.

Theadous, still recovering from the distress of being caught shamelessly fist-fucking his pole over a sleeping woman, approached her. She lifted his tunic. His cock had already deflated somewhat. However, as soon as her lips kissed the mushroom tip it sprung to full hardness. She sucked on the head, swirling her tongue around it. It was already oozing precum from his own ministrations. She took the whole length into her mouth, bobbing her head and fucking his cock with her mouth. He didn’t have an enormous organ, but the skin was soft and it was as solid as stone. It was much easier for her to perform the godlike talent of her mouth while she sucked him, her tongue dancing around his prick slurping and licking. It only took a few moments before a surge of cum flooded her mouth. An animalistic growl escaped his throat while Kaia sucked down the remaining cum, bathing his cock clean. He staggered, swaying on unsteady legs trying not to collapse. He leaned against the wall for support, catching his breath.

“The next time you and your crew need a release of your sexual energy,” Kaia said smiling, “please include me. I so love the feel of hard cock and the taste of cum. I promise, as the chosen of Aphrodite, my pussy will be one you shall never forget.”

“Very well my Lady, as you wish,” said Theadous grinning from ear to ear.

Over the next two days, the main deck of the ship was a veritable gang bang. Kaia was continuously fucked in every orifice for a good part of each day. Most women would have been fucked raw from such a quantity of manhood but Kaia still felt fresh and eager. If the crew continued their pace perhaps she wouldn’t have to rely on her wand to curb her urges. The deck became dangerously slippery from puddles of cum everywhere. One sailor was knocked unconscious when he slipped, his feet flew out from under him and he hit his head hard on the deck. They were forced to stop fucking and clean. By the second afternoon the stamina of each crew member was depleted, much to Kaia’s disappointment. With the permission of Captain Theadous, Kaia decided to give each rower slave a special treat. One by one, she sucked and fucked each slave. She left a trail of cum where ever she went, but by that evening after cumming at least a couple hundred times during the day, the fire in her pussy was quenched. Some of the crew were kind enough to provide her with some buckets water; she used to wash as she prepared for bed.

A cry of warning from one of the crew broke the otherwise tranquil mood; he spotted another ship off in the distance that appeared to be heading towards them. The sun was setting so it was difficult to see the ship with the sun in their eyes. Over the next hour Thaedous kept a close watch on the ship. It was definitely on an intercept course with them and was gaining at considerable speed. “Damn,” swore Captain Theadous. “We can’t out run them, but we should be able to lose them once night falls. Engage the rowers!” The ship shot forward through the water, sped on by the sixty slaves heaving on the oars with all their might.

Darkness fell quickly after the sun had set and the mystery ship disappeared in the night. The rowers pushed hard for two more hours before Captain Theadous was confident they had evaded their pursuers. He allowed them to slow their pace but kept them rowing; he wanted to be sure there was a much distance as possible between them before dawn arrived. The rowers worked throughout the night, pulling at their oars until they began collapsing from sheer exhaustion. It would be dawn in a few hours but they could no longer maintain the current speed, their strength had been depleted.

The captain insisted Kaia wait down in his cabin so as not to distract the slaves and crew. She lay on the bed but the tension of pirates following them and the shouts of the captain up on deck kept her awake throughout the night. She passed the time masturbating half-heartedly. She came a couple of times but the tension eroded what otherwise would have been thoroughly enjoyable orgasms.

Captain Theadous heaved a sigh of relief at evading the other ship. Soon it would be dawn; by early afternoon they would reach the island of Rhodes. His thoughts were instantly silenced; an arrow sliced through the darkness and struck the captain, piercing him straight through his heart. It was followed by a hail of more arrows, accompanied by inhuman roars. Many of crew lay dead, skewered by arrows. Those that remain were panic stricken as the roars continued.

“Poseidon help us!” screamed on sailor. “We’re under attack by centaurs!”

Another volley of arrows rained down out of the darkness taking the last of the crew and many slaves on the top row. The slaves screamed for release from their bonds, those who were able to pry their shackles loose dove overboard deciding to chance the sharks rather then face centaurs. 

Moments later the pursuing ship them charged from the darkness. Centaurs stationed at the rower positions gave the vessel brutal speed. A metal caped prow scooped Theadous’ ship right out of the water crushing the side in. The creatures jumped from one ship to the other in a single massive bound.

Kaia kicked at the door breaking it from the hinges. She drew her dagger, ascended the steps to the main deck and collided with the most hideous savage beast she’d had ever seen. The centaur was enormous, Kaia was a tall woman yet she barely reached the creature’s waist. Each leg was the size of a tree trunk and its dark skin glistened in the starlight. It bellowed savagely and swung an enormous ax at Kaia., surprised at how well she saw details around her despite the darkness, easily ducked out of the way as the ax cut through the air, then with lightning speed she leapt and with her dagger jabbed at the beast’s neck cleanly slicing open his jugular vain. He stood there for an instant, stunned that he had been struck; then he dropped, his body quickly drained of blood.

Kaia stood poised ready to strike the next monster when two massive hands grabbed her arms and lifted her from the ground. She turned her head and found herself looking into dark, evil eyes. Its voice was gruff and broken; hard to understand. Its breath reeked and made Kaia dizzy. It splattered her face with spittle as it growled, “A jewel like shall bring a grand price.”

Kaia kicked back with her feet striking the beast low on its torso. It howled in pain and savagely threw her to the deck. She hit with a force that would have killed average mortals. Though she was not killed she was not unharmed. Severe pain shot through her arm; it was broken. The impact left her dazed and winded, she could do little when the centaur retrieved her. She struggle against his grip but to no avail. She could hear the slaves screaming as the centaurs continued their slaughter and looting of the ship. Her captor carried her to the deck railing and leaped to his ship. There she was stripped of her weapon and jewels then chained to the mast. She fought and pulled against the chains but they were far too thick. Eventually she relented and slumped over in defeat.