 The morning darkness faded and Kaia was finally able to look around to take a full assessment of her predicament. She was on a ship manned entirely by centaurs, there must be at least a hundred of them. The ship was large and moving quite swiftly, propelled by the centaurs incredible strength. Piles of plunder lay on the deck around her. The heavy chain which bound Kaia to the mast pulled at the iron collar around her neck, chafing her skin. Her broken arm was now aching severely and was beginning to swell up. She was tired, in pain… and aroused. Despite her miserable situation Kaia’s pussy was still competing for attention. ‘Perhaps a nice little orgasm would help lift my spirits,’ she thought as she began to discreetly caress her damp slit. She sighed in content as her pleasure built and began to notice strangely that the more pleasure she induced the less the pain she felt from her broken arm. She recalled something Aphrodite had told about healing herself through her passion. With renewed effort she assaulted her cunt, thrusting her fingers deep inside her and vigorously stroking her hardened clit. She could feel her orgasm building and at the same time her broken arm began to tingle. Her pleasure peaked and she came hard, uncapping a well of divine energy within her. The pain in her broken arm was gone and it felt warm and strong, her fatigue vanished along with her despair. She would prevail!

One of the monstrous centaurs had taken notice of Kaia’s shameless self gratification and approached her. Kaia looked at the creature smiling down at her. He lifted her drawing her close to his face. His long tongue snaked out and licked Kaia across her face and under her chin. She knew better know then to try to kick but she did scream out catching the attention of several of the other beasts, including their captain. He rushed over seizing the one assaulting Kaia and knocked him to the ground. He informed the rest of the crew that she was to be a gift to the Chieftain and was to be delivered to him unspoiled. The next centaur to touch her be fed to the sharks. With her arm better now Kaia felt it safer not to further indulge her desires. She sat quietly and waited.

By late afternoon they made landfall. Kaia had no idea where they were. The ship was skillfully steered around a rocky peninsula and through a gauntlet of jagged rocks poking out from the water. They continued on into a secluded bay and hid in cave carved out by the sea. Moments later she was being led off the ship like a dog on a leash. All the goods from the ship were piled in to ten huge hand carts and each one hauled off further up the cave by a centaur. One of the beasts was assigned specifically to escort Kaia to the Chieftain. With her collar chain in hand he led her through the dark cave behind the last handcart. His stride was so great Kaia had to run to match his pace. They eventually exited the cave into a thick tropical forest. The road they followed was worn with deep ruts from the handcarts. Apparently the load of plunder they had just delivered was not the first. The creature soon became aware of Kaia’s labored breathing from her forced run since they set off through the cave and decided it safer to put her in front and walk at her pace rather than drag her.

Kaia’s naked body was elegant and graceful, especially when she walked. Her undulating curves and sleek muscles flexing and relaxing gave her a refined power and poise. She walked along the road with the centaur behind her for some quite some time; the sun had turned a bright orange and the sky darkened overhead. Kaia stopped when she felt a tug on her collar and turned to discover why.  The centaur had stopped and was grunting heavily its enormous cock hanging underneath it. The lust in his eyes and size of his cock worried Kaia; it was longer and bigger then her arm. Although she admired nice big meaty cocks this was too much. The centaur tugged her little closer then pushed her to the ground. He stepped over her so that his pendulous cock hung right above her. “Jerk me off,” he commanded in a savage voice. Kaia obeyed not wanting to get trampled by those heavy hooves. She reached, grabbed his monstrous cock, barely able to get her hands around it, and stroked hesitantly. The centaur began pawing at the ground and stomping his hooves then shot a load directly at Kaia, pelting her in the chest and splashing cum over her breasts and stomach. She kept stroking as three more spurts followed, drenching her in centaur semen. She climbed out from under the satisfied centaur and was about to resume her journey when the beast cried out in pain.

Out of the trees flew three swift arrows, piercing the centaur with deadly precision. He was dead before he hit the ground. Kaia looked around frightened. From the forest emerged a group of three satyrs. They were quite tall, at least a head above Kaia. Soft fur covered their goat-like legs; one was black the other two a chestnut brown. Short pointy horns jutted out from the sides of their foreheads, their cocks hung freely and their broad chests were bare; they all wore a leather belt on which they hung a pan flute and quiver of arrows slung over their backs. Kaia was relieved. She had heard of these kind-hearted forest creatures. They sometimes seduced beautiful women with the sensuous music of their flutes, these had saved her from a horrid enslavement to centaurs. 

The satyr with the black fur approached her and bowed its head. “My lady,” he said, “we are the forest guardians of this island, my name is Mikhal. What manor of creature are you? You are far too beautiful for a human yet the dryads and nymphs of the island are far too seductive for even the foulest centaurs to capture.”

“I am human,” replied Kaia proudly, “but am chosen and anointed of Aphrodite.”

Mikhal's eyes widened slightly in surprise, “We are honor to serve you My Lady. May the blessings of Aphrodite be on us all. Tis’ a shame a beautiful creature such as you should be defiled by likes of these monstrosities,” he spat on the dead centaur, “They have been a constant irritation since they established their camp on our beautiful island, but this is none of your concern. You are safe from them now. You were most likely captured on the high seas, am I right?” he asked.

“Yes,” answered Kaia, “I journey to Athens.”

“The City of Athena is far,” replied Mikhal with frown, “but I have an idea that will get you closer. Come, we shall visit the nymphs.”

“Wait,” said Kaia, “the centaurs took an incredibly precious and sacred item from me that I must find. It is a golden wand created for me by the Hand of Aphrodite.”

“Fear not My Lady,” said Mikhal thoughtfully, “it will be recovered.”

Kaia followed the satyrs through the thick forest while they played sweet melodies on their flutes. The songs were more sensual and beautiful then anything she had ever heard. The sweet music combined with the fact that Kaia had only been able to cum once all day and that she had three large cocks swaggering around her was beginning to make her woozy with lust. They walked on until the darkness of night had completely swallowed them before Mikhal decided to stop for the night, as they still had several hours before they reached their destination. Two of them left to hunt for their dinner and Mikhal started a fire. 

By now Kaia was extremely wet and her pussy burned with desire. She boldly walked up to satyr; placed her hands on the sides of his waist and looked up into his eyes. “Have you ever taken a human?” she whispered seductively.

“But of course,” answered Mikhal smiling mischievously, “we would have taken you, but the gifts Aphrodite has bestowed you put you beyond our power. The songs we played were our most seductive. No woman, save you, has been able to resist their charm. It is usually only a matter of minutes before our music has them dancing naked in the forest, overcome by lust. You on the other hand seem quite in control of yourself.”

“Perhaps,” said Kaia smiling back wantonly, “I’ve practically gone mad with lust. Whether it was your music or the gifts of Aphrodite I know not, but I must have you now.” 

Kaia drew her finger tips over the satyrs muscled abdomen and down to his now rising cock. She caressed his heavy balls and stroked his shaft to rock hardness, and while its sized paled in comparison to the centaurs it was still larger then any mortals cock. It was as big around as her wrist and half the length of her arm. She squealed in delight at the sight of this lovely piece of meat. The glow from the fire light cast an orange light on them which added to the sensuality of their erotic dance. Kaia licked and sucked on the bulbous head; she could barely get it into her mouth. She plunged her head forward driving the cock down her throat. It was so big none of her regular techniques were possible so she settle on simply fucking him with her throat. His cock was so hard she could feel his heart beating in the bulging veins. She couldn’t seem to get enough of this massive throbbing cock. She ran her fingers through the soft fur on his legs then grabbed his ass in order to give her more leverage for her sucking mouth. She was so absorbed in her work she didn’t even notice the sounds of cracking sticks and approaching foot steps. The two satyrs returned from their hunting carrying some freshly killed rabbits. They stopped, momentarily astonished, at the scene before them. They had all taken maidens captive with their charm at some time but none had shown such willing fervor at pleasing their carnal needs. They approached, their cocks already standing at full strength. Kaia was exceptionally pleased as she noticed two more monstrous cocks staring at her from both sides. She groped at the additional cocks and began stroking them with expert care. All three satyrs had to hold onto each other for support or faced collapsing from the intense pleasure. 

Mikhal couldn’t take much more of this; he stopped the bobbing of Kaia’s head and removed his cock. He lay down and pulled Kaia on top of him. She plunged down on his rod taking the entire length inside of her, gasping in elation as the enormous cock filled beyond her imagination; she came within seconds screaming in ecstasy as her orgasm crashed through her body. The other two satyrs not wanting to be left out reposition themselves at the now free orifices. One positioned himself behind Kaia. Her ass was spread wide as she rode Mikhal’s cock in an animalistic frenzy; he rubbed his cock across her hole, lubing her ass with copious amounts of his own precum. Kaia paused for a moment allowing him to enter her, stretching her ass to its limits. She now rocked back and forth impaling herself on huge cocks. Her very soul was tingling from pleasure. The third satyr cupped her head and guided his cock into her waiting throat. The soft fur caressing her thighs and ass while she was being double fucked sent another orgasm surging over her. However, the cries of her pleasure were muffled by the cock down her throat, but her body was unimpeded and she thrashed out uncontrollably. As her second orgasm cooled she continued her pendulum like movement, sucking a cock on one end and fucking two cocks at the other. The satyr fucking her ass reached around to fondle her breasts, teasing her hard nipples. 

Kaia was in paradise, stimulated by every movement, she threw herself harder and harder on the cocks in the pussy and ass flexing and squeezing her inner muscles. She felt the cock in her mouth began to spasm; the satyr howled savagely as he shot his load down her throat. Kaia was quite surprised and pleased at the taste of satyr cum, it had a sweetness she had never encountered before and left an immediate craving she doubted would ever go away. The satyr pulled from her mouth and fell to the ground gasping for air. Kaia redoubled her efforts on two cocks left penetrating her. She hurled herself onto them without abandon, crying out with each thrust. The satyrs began to grunt uncontrollably and almost simultaneous began spewing their cum deep inside of Kaia. The sudden flood sweet cream sent Kaia over the edge, bringing another orgasm crashing down on her. She screamed out, oblivious to anything around her, her orgasm pounded through her relentlessly leaving her completely ravaged. She lay their breathing hard, sandwiched between two satyrs, their stiff cocks still buried deep inside of her, her desires completely satisfied. Shortly after, their slippery cocks popped out followed by oozing cum from Kaia’s holes. She quickly rose and scooped as much of the cum in to her hands as she could, sucking it into her mouth like a starved animal, savoring the flavor and creamy texture; she was already addicted to it.

One by one the satyrs recovered from the best orgasm any human had given them and began to prepare the rabbits for dinner. Kaia sat down on patch of soft moss under a tree and continued to caress her pussy consuming every last globule of sweet satyr cum. By the time the rabbits where roasted she had brought herself to another delightful orgasm. She ate the tender rabbit meat greedily, realizing how hungry she actually was. After they finished eating Mikhal excused himself. He had to go make sure the nymphs would be willing to help. Kaia settled down to sleep, snuggled warmly in between the other two satyrs; she slept soundly throughout the rest of the night.

The next morning Kaia woke to singing birds and a clear morning. The sun filtered down through the canopy of leaves and fire was nothing more then a pile of smoldering ash. She was still snuggled up against one of the satyrs although the other one was gone. She sat up, yawned and deeply inhaled the fragrant forest air. The satyr next to her was still asleep, but with a delightful surprise. His large cock was fully erect and standing almost straight up. ‘So’ she thought, ‘Satyrs fuck in their dreams too. I wander what he’s dreaming about? Perhaps I’ll help him along.’ She leaned over, taking his prick into her mouth, and sucked on the head hungrily and licking down the underside. The satyr murmured something but remained asleep. Drawing her head back, Kaia focused on bulbous knob on the end of his cock while she stroked him with her hands. A few moments of this and he groaned, shooting his delicious gelatinous load into Kaia’s waiting mouth. She sucked every last drop of sweet cream from his cock, thoroughly enjoying a hot breakfast.

She arose and began gathering some flowers to make a wreath to wear on her head. By the time she finished the other satyr had returned with bag full of berries, nuts and honey comb. “Breakfast is served,” he chimed as he kicked his sleeping friend awake. Kaia ate her fill of berries and nuts and began consuming a chunk of honey comb when Mikhal returned. He looked tired but thoroughly pleased with himself. 

“I have come up with a way to help you get to your own kind,” Mikhal told Kaia, “I met with the forest nymphs last night and they have agreed to help you out.”

“The forest nymphs!” Exclaimed the other two satyrs in unison, “No wonder you look so content, you spent all night in an orgy.”

Mikhal smiled guiltily, “They have a sailor whom they’ve agreed to release from their enchantment; he will guide you to a human settlement where you can continue your quest. Come, I shall escort you to the nymphs.”

The other two satyrs were almost bursting with excitement and instant erections at a chance to be in the company of the nymphs again, but their enthusiasm was quickly dashed by Mikhal’s next command.

“You two,” he pointed to them, “there are several good boats in the Sirens’ Cove; go prepare one for Kaia and her companion, and convince the sirens to let them pass without the lure of their charm.”

They left into the forest very forlorn; it wasn’t often they satyrs were able to mingle with the nymphs but when they did the orgy would often last for weeks on end.

Kaia followed Mikhal through the forest to the nymphs’ fountain. Her morning treat of satyr cum had offered no relief to her constant arousal. She should have partaken of them one last time before they left but she was too excited to meet the nymphs. She had heard a lot of stories about how they would enchant men and lead them to their spring to be used as sex slaves. Some remained captive for years, completely unaware that they were indeed captive, living in an almost dream like state, swallowed up in passion and desire for those beautiful creatures. Kaia became aware of a harmonious whisper drifting on the breeze. She listened intently as she walked on through the forest. The whisper increased in volume to faint song echoing through the trees and continued to grow louder and sweeter. The sound was so beautiful, so perfect, and so erotic that Kaia seemed almost consumed by it. Her arousal virtually ran down her thighs and her pussy began to throb with yearning and lust. She noticed that Mikhal was equally enjoying the song as his turgid cock stuck straight out, bouncing with each step. She caressed her breasts, tweaking her nipples, which sent a wave of pleasure through her and caused her to stumble slightly.

They entered a secluded glen where a spring bubbled up into a crystal clear pool of water surrounded by soft moss covered rocks and fragrant flowers. Lounging around the glen and in the water were about a dozen exquisitely beautiful women, the nymphs. Some of the nymphs were singing, dancing, laughing and playing while others were being serviced by very handsome men; their captives. They were so unbelievably beautiful and their voices so heavenly that Kaia was immediately overcome by lust. She dropped to the soft mossy ground and immediately began furiously finger fucking herself. Within seconds a screaming orgasm, drawing the attention of most of the nymphs. She stood, her legs a bit unsteady, and her pussy still ached for more attention. She approached Mikhal who was talking to a group of three nymphs. 

“This is the one I told you about,” he said motioning towards Kaia. The three nymphs gazed at Kaia seductively and nodded their approval. “I shall leave you in their care, now I…” His words trailed off as one of the nymphs dropped to her knees and began sucking on his engorged meat, while the other two nymphs kissed him all over. The group of four descended in to a heap of writhing ecstasy. Kaia looked longingly at the scene before and was about to join in when she felt several sets of hands caress her arms, back and breasts. She closed her eyes dreamily, enjoying the silky touch of the nymphs. Soft lips met Kaia’s with a deep passionate kiss; she returned the kiss, tongues intertwining. Kaia held the kiss for a long time, it was the purest most passionate kiss she ever had, while numerous other hands and lips continued to caress her body, shivering with anticipation. She was gently pulled back, reluctantly she broke the kiss and the nymphs laid her down on the soft moss. She noticed there were four nymphs circling around her, two of them began suckling each of her nipples and caressing her breasts, another lapped at her extremely wet hot pussy and the last nymph straddled Kaia’s face offering her own sweet honey pot. Kaia began to doubt she could ever depart from such contentment, how could she possibly leave this paradise and return to the domain of mortals. These mythical tongues worked a magic on her she could not began to describe. The tongue at her pussy teased her mercilessly, licking firmly yet avoiding her burning clit. Her juices were running profusely but the nymph had no trouble lapping it all. 

The nymph pussy at her own mouth was intoxicating. The satyr cum she had enjoy so much was nothing compared to this. The sticky sweet juices coated her face; Kaia couldn’t get enough of it. She grabbed the nymph’s hips to give her more leverage and mashed her face into the delectable snatch. Like a narcotic, each mouthful sent Kaia higher and higher into a fevered bliss. Her nipples tingled insanely and seem to absorb a constant flow of energy funneled directly to her pussy. The nymph between her thighs then inserted four fingers in Kaia’s sopping cunt and refocused her tongue’s attention directly on Kaia’s hard little button. Her clit was like a conduit of pure heat and light connected to every cell in her body and it had reached its capacity. Kaia’s passion was catapulted into uncontrollable orgasm. She arched her back hard, driving her mound against the nymph, trying to force the whole hand into her quivering hole. Her body thrashed wildly as orgasm after orgasm tore through her with savage intensity. Her screams of utter and complete ecstasy echoed throughout the glen and surrounding forest. Kaia drifted off into sublime unconsciousness with one thought on her mind she would never leave this place. 
