 Kaia awoke shivering as the cool morning air of the Mediterranean blew over her naked body. It was still dark overhead but the stars in eastern horizon had began fade and sky change to a dark cobalt blue. She noticed their speed had reduced drastically since last night. They appeared to be driven only by the wind in the sail. Medaethus sat holding the rudder handle and gazing at the stars. 

“Where are we?” Kaia inquired, her teeth chattering.

“Our heading is north-west. We’re going the right direction but I’m not sure how far we’ve traveled,” Medaethus answered, “our friends below abandoned us not too long ago. With any luck we’ll reach the coast today. Go back to sleep we still have several hours before the sun comes up.” Kaia retrieved a blanket from a storage compartment, wrapped it tightly around her, and drifted back to sleep.

Kaia awoke several hours later to the squawk of seagulls; the morning sun shown down on her brightly. She squinted, gazing out over the horizon. She could just make a thin band of land. “We should reach land in few more hours,” said Medaethus, answering Kaia’s unasked question.

Kaia realized how hungry she was. She rummaged through the storage compartment and withdrew a jar of berries and nuts. She sat next to Medaethus and they both ate greedily emptying the jar. Medaethus looked tired; he had been up steering the ship since early morning. 

“Allow me,” she said taking hold of the rudder handle, “you could use some more rest.” Medaethus released the handle and curled up next to Kaia, resting his head on her thigh. He was asleep with minutes.

The morning wore on and the thin ribbon of land grew larger. Kaia spotted an occasional fishing boat out in the distance as they drew closer to Piraeus, the main port city of Athens. She secured the rudder handle and lay back on the deck, soaking up the sun. Her hand crept to her moist pussy and she tenderly caressed her folds. Her mind returned to that enchanted island of the satyrs and nymphs. She yearned to be back in their presence and live out her days in one perpetual orgy. She stroked her slit more fervently as she recalled the sweet bliss, she longed for another taste of satyr cock and their sweet cum or the silky soft tongue of a nymph. Their music alone was enough to make one cum. She thrust her fingers deep into her gash as her thoughts carried her. Her orgasm washing over her in a tide of satisfaction, she squirmed around the deck squealing in delight. As her orgasm subsided, she continued caressing her nipples enjoying the light pleasure it provided. A smiled came to her face when she felt a soft tongue began to explore her open slit. Medaethus was awake.

Kaia continued to fondle her breasts, lightly caressing them and pulling on her hard nipples. Months of captivity to the nymphs had made Medaethus quite proficient in the use of this tongue. Kaia writhed in bliss as Medaethus licked and sucked at her clit. She grasped his head and pulled him firmly against her throbbing mound. Another orgasm welled up inside her and forced its way out, but Medaethus was not done with her. He lifted himself and raised her legs pushing, them back until her knees where pressed against her breasts. He inserted two of his fingers into her soppy pussy and smeared her wetness over her asshole then spread his own precum over the head of his turgid cock. Gently he entered her ass until his cock was completely buried then slowly fucked her asshole with a steady rhythm. Kaia continued to finger her slit, stroking it madly. Medaethus pulled her feet towards him, kissing and sucking on her toes and calves. Kaia expertly flexed and released the muscles in her ass in a sort of fluttering effect. She sensed he was getting close to orgasm and worked her pussy furiously. They both came within moments. Medaethus spewed his seed deep into her bowels as Kaia thrashed uncontrollably, carried away by her third orgasm of the morning. Medaethus slumped over, his cock popped out with a slurping sound followed by his cum oozing out of Kaia’s ass. He lay down next to her caressing her perfectly sculpted leg. 

“What business do you have in Athens?” he asked adoringly.

“To destroy the man who killed my mother,” Kaia stated matter-of-factly.

Medaethus sat up a look of shock and surprise on his face. Kaia recited her family history as it had been told to her by Cassiopeia and confirmed by the Goddess Aphrodite. After she finished Medaethus was silent for some time. “Let me help you,” he said resolutely.

“No,” answered Kaia, “this is not your concern. Demos is a powerful man; I would hate to see you hurt or worse, killed.”

“Nonsense,” he retorted, “the past year of my life has been in a dream, I hardly remember where I’ve been or what I’ve been doing. You freed me from the nymphs and returned me back to consciousness; otherwise, I likely would have perished in the forest when they grew tired of me. I owe you my life. Besides women are not allowed in the city council sessions. I can be your spy; identify those closest to Demos and those who would see him fall.”

“Very well,” agreed Kaia, “thank you.”

Medaethus took over the rudder and adjusted their coarse back to Piraeus. An hour later they drifted into the port and docked. They walked off the ship and into a throng of onlookers who surrounded Kaia and Medaethus with looks of awe and lust. Murmurs of an exquisite foreign hetaera, or high priced courtesan were directed to Kaia from the crowd. Men groveled at her feet offering to her all they possessed if she would but spend a day with them. A constant stream of offers for her affection bombarded her from every direction. It would take all day to get through the city at this rate. She would have enjoyed fucking hundreds of cocks on the streets of Piraeus but she had to stay focused on her ultimate goal - Demos in Athens. She decided it would be best to conceal her body until she arrive in Athens or fear a constant horde of people obstructing her path. She forced her way through the throngs of people declining all offers and entered a weavers shop to purchase some clothing. Kaia dressed herself in a peach-colored silk tunic imported from the orient; Medaethus chose a more humble wool tunic dyed blue. When they exited the shop the mob had thinned considerably, but it still took them a significant amount of time to finally shake off the remaining suitors.

They walked through the city stopping briefly at a tavern from a meal of fish and bread with goat cheese. Where ever they went people stopped and gawked at Kaia. Despite her clothing, Kaia’s beauty emanated from her and she was followed by whispers and rumors as to her identity and purpose here. Eventually they reached the main road that led to Athens. It was busy with travelers and caravans keeping Athens supplied with the goods it demanded. They walked swiftly wanting to reach Athens before dusk. The sun was high over head and the day was hot and humid. Several hours later they arrived at the outskirts of Athens; making better time then they expected, but were tired and hungry. They continued through Athens to the more affluent area of the city and obtained lodging at one of the inns. The room was nice with a large feather bed against the wall and two large vases of water for washing. A slave brought them a tray of fish and bread which they consumed voraciously. Kaia looked out the window of their third story room onto the streets below, contemplating her next step. Medaethus lay down on the bed and drifted into a deep sleep. Kaia stood there for some time watching the sun set on the people in the streets below her. She sighed, her emotions were a jumble; confusion, fear, hate and resolve all competed for her full attention. She turned back to the room and retrieved her wand; perhaps a good orgasm would sooth her mind. She plunged the wand deep into her pussy and fucked herself vigorously. Her body and mind were far too fatigued for anything drawn out and erotic. All she wanted was to cum quickly and sleep. An intense orgasm, that only Aphrodite’s Wand could produce, soon ripped through her and left her feeling considerably better. She lay down next to Medaethus and slept soundly the rest of the night.

The next morning Kaia and Medaethus awoke late in the morning to the sounds of birds and poets singing in the streets below. Kaia prepared herself for the first part of her plan; the seduction of the aristocrats. She braided her hair with flowers, rubbed her skin with perfumed olive oil, and applied makeup and ochre dust to her face and body; she was absolutely radiant, particularly with the addition of her jewels. Medaethus could not ignore her beauty and his cock was witness to it. It stood proudly, begging for attention.  Kaia took mercy on him giving him a quick blowjob and swallowing his cum.

It was time to put her plan into action. Kaia wandered through affluent part of the city displaying herself and making her presence known while Medaethus pandered the more influential citizens to hire her. By late afternoon they had received hundreds of inquiries but most could not afford Kaia’s high price or were not of sufficiently high status for her purposes. They had discovered that Demos had left the city several days ago and would be gone for a several weeks. Kaia was relived at this bit of information; it would give her time to truly seduce these men. One in particular had caught their attention. Kaia teased him a brief glance of her radiance as she whisked by him while Medaethus stopped and tried to convince him hire the illusion that had just flashed before his eyes. Kaia proceeded to the Court of Beauty, the plaza in front of the largest brothel in Athens where expensive courtesans paraded their exquisite beauty and sensuality. It was the best place for a man to find a beautiful exotic woman for an evening. Most hetaerae were foreigners, yet unlike the local women, they were fairly well educated and provided not only pleasures of the flesh but also intelligent conversations. The men of Athens regarded their wives only as a means to produce legitimate offspring and the prostitutes as quick fuck for when they had the urge, but these courtesans were women to experience. They were taken to big festivals and banquets as a type of trophy or status symbol; the more beautiful and pricey the hetaera the more attention she brought to the man who hired her.

Women of extraordinary beauty filled the courtyard; most where dressed in revealing and provocative clothing while a few, like Kaia, chose nudity. Many were conversing with men of influence and wealthy aristocrats while others were strutting around waiting to be approached. Kaia’s naked skin glowed in the afternoon sun and her jewels sparkled like fire as she entered the courtyard. All eyes turned and watched her as she sauntered to the center of the courtyard amidst many men who were already following her from her tour of the city. Most of the men already in the courtyard abandoned the women they had just propositioned and made there way to Kaia. The other hetaerae gave her a look of utter jealousy and contempt. Kaia refused all the offers telling everyone that she was already hired for the evening, but that she would be in Athens for some time and available for future hire. She waited only a few minutes before Medaethus appeared leading the man she had enticed on the streets to her. Upon fully seeing her, the man’s mouth dropped.         Never had he seen such a beautiful woman. He eyed her, greedily consuming every curve of her luscious body. His eyes gleamed and his mouth salivated with desire. He opened his purse and counted out the twenty five drachma fee he usually paid for the more expensive hetaerae. Kaia laughed disdainfully. “Twenty five is hardly a fee worthy of my expertise,” she chided. 

The man looked up contemptuously, but could not ignore his desire for her. “How much?” he inquired shrewdly.

“One hundred and fifty drachma,” Kaia answered.

The man looked at her incredulously.  “One hundred and fifty, that’s outrageous! I could buy a slave for that much,” he countered angrily.

“Perhaps,” she cooed, “but I shall give you more pleasure in one evening then a slave could in her entire lifetime.”

The man considered his options carefully. On one hand he was very rich and respected. He could take this girl, fuck her savagely and she could do nothing about it. On the other hand to make one’s arrival at an event with this exquisite woman would indeed make him the subject of conversation; and if what she said was true about her skills at pleasure, how could he resist? “I will offer you one hundred, as much as four hetaerae and I have yet to meet a woman worth that.

“Very well,” agreed Kaia, “what do you desire?” She bowed her head to him in submission while Medaethus collected the money.

“First you must prove yourself worth one hundred then you will accompany me to a banquet” he demanded as he ushered her into one of the alcoves that lined the courtyard, “Now suck my cock.”

Kaia dropped to her knees and complied. She lifted his tunic and placed his semi-hard cock into her mouth. The response was immediate. His cock instantly sprang to its full fervor and his knees buckled throwing him against the wall of the alcove. She pinned him to the wall as she unleashed herself on his cock, swallowing and rhythmically fucking him with her throat. He groaned in pure ecstasy as pressure built up in his balls. Kaia removed her mouth and knelt up a little higher. She cupping her ample breasts placed his slippery cock between her breasts and pressed them together while he fucked her tits. With each thrust she sucked on the head of his swollen cock. It was more then he could bear as the pressure in his balls expelled his load all over Kaia’s face and breasts. Kaia scooped up the globules from her body and licked them off her fingers. The man was stunned, never had a woman made him cum so hard; he felt faint, his legs unsteady. This woman was worth every drachma he had paid. Kaia remained on her knees while her temporary master regained his composure. He took Kaia’s hand and helped her to her feet; cum still hung obscenely from her chin and breasts as he led her from the courtyard to the banquet. By the time they arrived Kaia had cleaned some of the cum off her face but preferred to leave most of it as a sign of her depravity. It was a banquet for the cities rich and powerful, held for the soul purpose of boosting support and votes for a new law envisioned by the host.

The moment they entered main hall, a noticeable silence descended. Every eye had turned to look upon Kaia and her companion. The man smiled presumptuously; he knew he had the most beautiful woman with him tonight and with evidence of his seed still on her face and breasts. He proceeded to parade her around hoping her radiance would boost his own standing and it seemed to work. They had attracted a crowd that lingered with them throughout the evening. All other hetaerae hired for the evening remained largely ignored. The men, enthralled by Kaia’s demeanor and intelligence, preferred merely to be in charming presence, hear her delightful laughter, listen to her sultry voice and gaze on exquisite beauty. The other women cast many cold, envious glances in Kaia’s direction as they talked amongst themselves about this new temptress. The evening wore, mingled with heady mixture of fine music, sweet wine and roasted lamb, yet the crowd around Kaia and her companion had not diminished. Kaia’s plan was progressing well. The attention she was getting and combined with her restrained eagerness to fuck had left Kaia unbearably aroused. Her pussy glistened with wetness and many around her noticed. It was time to truly cast her spell on them.

She picked two hetaerae and enticed them to follow her to the middle of the room. She discreetly whispered to them that she would pay each ten drachmas to lick the drying cum from her body. They complied immediately; circling her like ravenous wolves they licked her face, breasts and nipples filling Kaia’s loins with fire. The two women were eventually plucked off of Kaia by their masters and led to corners of the room where they continued licking on their masters cocks. The music of the lyre and flutes filled Kaia’s head, her hips gyrated and her shoulders swayed in rhythm to the music. The crowd parted and Kaia leapt from their midst, dancing around the room; her body undulated gracefully while she erotically caressed her breasts, hips and stomach. The jewels on her body chimed in harmony with the music as she heaved and twisted in lithe motions. Her muscles flexed and rippled as she whirled and soared from one individual to another, caressing, kissing and tantalizing them. Her breasts swung pendulously and her wet pussy lips flared open with each movement of her legs. The entire room was captivated, both the men and the hetaerae. Kaia danced for many more minutes before winding down and returning to her companion. The music stopped with her and was followed by awed silence. Numerous erections protruded underneath elegant tunics attesting to Kaia’s successful seduction. The cold jealousy that had once filled the eyes of the other women was momentarily replaced with a tenuous respect. A low murmur had began amongst the men then grew in volume as they talked about their own plans for this magnificent woman. Kaia’s companion received praise and admiration for discovering this beauty and bringing her to the attention of his fellow citizens. Kaia simply smiled to herself.

Kaia’s companion led her to a dim corner in the large courtyard, out of the torch light. Lust filled his eyes; he could not withstand her lure any longer. He bent her over a large stone bench, knelt behind her and thrust his cock deep into her sopping hole. The man showed no concern for Kaia’s pleasure nor possessed any skill or poise in the arts of love; he merely plodded on, fucking for the sake of fucking. The man grunted as he continued to thrust deep into Kaia’s pussy but it did nothing to satisfy her raging urges. She reached back and stopped his sloppy attempt at sex. He was surprised that a hetaera would be so bold as to take such initiative. Normally, he would slap the woman, thrown her down and finished his business, but this woman so intrigued him he was willing to accept some humility and allow her leniency. Kaia laid him down one the bench and she straddled him plunging down on his cock releasing her pent up lust. She rode his cock furiously, expertly flexing her cunt and caressing him in just the right places. She was finally able to apply some force to her burning clit sending waves of pleasure through her. The man groaned and grunted incoherently. Until now, sex had merely been a matter of releasing one’s urges, had he never imagined this kind of pleasure. Kaia scarcely attained one orgasm before her companion exploded, shooting his load deep inside her. His hands and muscles clenched uncontrollably; his mouth open in a silent scream. He gasped for air as his cries of pleasure caught in his throat. Kaia continued to ride him with all her might until the man’s body went limp losing consciousness. 

Kaia paused for a moment, his hard cock still buried inside her, then continued rocking and thrusting her hips, focused now on her own pleasure and desperately needing a better orgasm than this lout provided moments earlier. She leaned back causing his prick to press firmly against the inner wall of her pussy and bucked her hips forcefully while she attacked her clit with her fingers. Moans of ecstasy escaped her lips as the orgasm she sought finally carried her away. She slumped over lying on top of her comatose companion and looked around noticing many sets of eyes watching them intently. Kaia continued to lie there for some time, the man’s cock still firmly buried within her. Eventually she felt his cock soften but the man still did not stir. She stood, cum still dripping from her pussy, intending to leave the party. No sooner had she taken five steps then she was immediately confronted by another individual ready to pay for her personal attention. 
