 With Demos back in the city, Kaia had no time to waste. She went to an alchemist’s shop to acquire some poison. As she entered the dimly lit shop a middle aged man sat stirring a small cauldron of bubbling liquid. He looked at her naked body and smiled wide, “What service can I offer a beauty like you? Would you like some cosmetics or perhaps some nice aphrodisiacs? I have just developed a wonderful elixir guaranteed to enhance your libido all night.”

“No thank you, I need...” she paused, trying to sound innocent, “I need a bottle of poison.”

The alchemist looked at her shrewdly, his smile disappearing. “Murder is most serious crime my Lady,” he whispered.

“I plan no murder,” lied Kaia. “Terrible beasts plague my country villa.”

“Who is intended victim and by what means do you wish to poison him?” the alchemist asked unconvinced.

Kaia dropped her guise of innocence, leaned close to the alchemist’s ear and whispered, “My victim is of no concern.” She produced a leather bag, heavy with gold. “Here is five hundred drachma,” she continued, “I need something that will be slow and painful.”

The alchemist took the money and disappeared up a flight of stairs. Moments later he returned with a simple wooden box secured with a large lock. His face was grim as he unlocked the box and produced a small terracotta jar filled with a pungent dark green powder. He handed her the jar. “Be warned My Lady, should but a few granules of this powder find its way into your body and you shall suffer the fate intended for your enemy. A pinch of this in his wine or sprinkled over his sleeping lips will be sufficient. I suggest you leave as soon as its administered for his death will be a grizzly scene.”

“Thank you my good man,” Kaia whispered seductively as she leaned forward and kissed the man on the cheek. “Perhaps I can offer you some additional payment,” she said as she caressed her breasts.

“Perhaps,” grinned the alchemist.

Kaia knelt down and ducked under the table that separated her from the alchemist. He remained motionless while Kaia grazed her fingers up his legs and under his tunic to his rigid cock. She stroked him firmly, tugging on his balls. He moaned and leaned forward placing his hands on the table for support. Kaia lifted his tunic and took his cock into her soft mouth sucking him fervently. She continued stroking his cock and rolling his balls in rhythm with her sucking. Slurping sounds filled the room as she devoured his swollen member. She felt him began to tense up, his orgasm approaching when he pulled out of her mouth. “May I indulge a bit more,” he inquired with pleading eyes.

Kaia looked at him, her eyes flashed with lust, “fuck my ass,” she demanded as she dropped to her hands and knees and turned her ass to him.

The alchemist almost came in his own hands at the beautiful site of this full round ass and pouting pussy before him. He dropped to his knees and drove his cock, still slick from Kaia’s mouth, deep into her bowels. Kaia cried out in pleasure as the alchemist pounded her ass. She lowered her head to floor spreading her ass as wide as she could while pulled at her clit with her fingers. The alchemist got to his feet but remained squatting behind Kaia, ramming her asshole even deeper with his meat. Of all the men Kaia had been with in Athens this humble alchemist knew more about pleasures of the flesh then all the aristocrats combined. His hands caressed Kaia’s back and ass while his gyrating hips continued their pounding. Kaia moaned and squealed in ecstasy as she came hard, her orgasm crashing down on her. She beat her fists on the floor screaming in pleasure. This was more satisfaction then any Athenian had given her in weeks. The alchemist continued hammering Kaia’s asshole. She reached for his balls and stroked them lightly while she flexed her ass. That sent the alchemist over the edge. He pulled his cock from her ass and jacked it furiously spraying his cum on Kaia’s back and ass with several strong spurts; howling like a baying wolf. He slumped, his cock completely spent but continued to caress the soft ass still staring at him. Kaia laid there, her ass in the air and cum dripping down her sides and legs, completely satisfied. She heard the alchemist stand and was about arise as well when he said, “don’t stand yet My Lady. I must collect my seed off of you. Seed produced through the act of love is a powerful ingredient to aphrodisiacs.”

“An alchemist of love,” mused Kaia out loud. The alchemist smiled at her as he collect the remains of their passion.

“Is there anything else I can offer you for your potions of love?” offered Kaia rolling onto her side.

The alchemist’s face brightened. “My Lady, you are too kind. There is much I could harvest from you.”

“I will give anything I can to help the progress of love,” said Kaia. “As an anointed servant of the Goddess Aphrodite I can assure you the elixirs made of me will be the most powerful ever created.”

The alchemist almost dropped the jar of cum. “Anointed of Aphrodite,” he whispered in awe. “The most powerful element is the essence of woman.” He handed a Kaia a peculiar looking phallus. It resembled a cock but with a steep swoop just past the head used for scooping out wetness.

“Sit here and masturbate with this while I collect some of your hairs,” ordered the alchemist indicating to a stool with small vase under it.

Kaia sat, inserted the phallus and began fucking herself. It was pleasant but not nearly as good as her wand from Aphrodite. The scoop carved into the phallus pulled her wetness from her cunt causing it to drip from her pussy lips in large drops to the vase under her. The alchemist cut several hairs from Kaia’s head, had her spit several times into a jar, plucked out a handful of pubic hairs and even pricked her for some drops of blood. It was hard for Kaia to concentrate on an orgasm while the alchemist poked and prodded her. Finally he was satisfied with the amount of reagents he had collected and allowed her to concentrate on her orgasm. It took Kaia several more minutes of vigorous fucking to cum with this strange phallus; she was beginning to work up quite a sweat which the alchemist proceeded to collect as well. She worked her nipples and clit with her free hand while keeping a steady rhythm with the phallus. Finally she could feel her insides tighten and pussy spasm as she began to cum. She cried out as her orgasm washed over her, the phallus pulling copious amounts of her cum and wetness from her cunt into the small vase under her.

The alchemist collected the jar, amazed at the quantity of essence Kaia had produced. Kaia stood, kissed him again and said, “I admire your work, may Aphrodite bless you with success.” She took the poison and turned to leave.

“Thank you My Lady,” exclaimed the alchemist, “I am in your debt. Take these gold trinkets. If you proceed with your plan thusly dressed,” he said indicating to her nakedness, “you can conceal the powder in these baubles, just seal them with wax and braid into your hair.”

Kaia turned to him, “Thank you,” she said sincerely then took the gold baubles from him and left.

Kaia returned to her house and prepared for her daily exhibition in the Court of Beauty. There was sure to be a high bid for her today. With Demos holding three-day festival at his country villa, she needed to look her best. However, as good as her orgasm had been with the alchemist she was not yet fully satisfied, she needed one more mind ripping orgasm before she started. She retrieved her wand and settled down on a soft blanket in her courtyard. Tenderly, she caressed her pussy lips and clit. Once saturated by her own wetness she thrust the wand deep into her snatch. A jolt of pleasure coursed through her as she steadily fucked herself with the wand. By the Gods, she never tired of this. The sun shone down on her, heating her passion. The fragrances of her garden flowers and perfumed oils filled her soul. She pulled her knees back, spread her legs wide, grabbed the wand with both hands and began to fuck herself brutally. Her orgasm clawed its way out from deep within her, consuming her. She bucked her hips uncontrollably, thrusting them as far as possible while her body thrashed. The birds in the courtyard flew away in panic as Kaia shrieks of pleasure filled the air. She lay panting, her wand still buried deep in her pussy. Beads of perspiration ran down her sides. She sighed in contentment and stood up to finish her preparations.

Medaethus took the gold baubles and carefully scooped the poison powder into each of the gold trinkets and sealed them with a bit of candle wax. Kaia washed thoroughly in her courtyard fountain, oiled her skin, meticulously applied makeup and braided the gold baubles and some silk ribbons into her long silky hair. Finally she adorned herself with jewels and as an extra touch fingered her pussy until it was full and wet. She was ready.

By that afternoon Kaia received several requests to escort someone to a banquet at Demos’s estate. The demand for her was so high by now that the final offer made for her was two thousand drachma for the entire three-day extravaganza. She accompanied her new companion to his house where he paid the fee to Medaethus then they boarded a large chariot drawn by four magnificent horses. She had to hire a troupe of guards to protect Medaethus and help him carry the gold back to Kaia’s villa. It was evening when they arrived at Demos’s villa and festivities had already begun.

They left the chariot at the stables and entered the main courtyard. It was enormous; a colonnade surrounded the entire courtyard with mosaic paths snaking through the area. Trees blooming with fragrant flowers lined the entire. A large fountain and pool bubbled in the center of the courtyard and a raised stage sat the south end, occupied by musicians, dancing girls and tables of food. Beyond the stage and raised a bit higher was a wide mezzanine which connected the courtyard to the main house. There on the mezzanine, seated like the king on his throne, sat Demos, surrounded politicians and patrons seeking his favor.

As Kaia entered the courtyard the crowd grew noticeably quiet and every eye gazed at her, drinking in her beauty. The drop in volume captured Demos’s attention as well and then he saw her. She was the most beautiful woman he had ever laid eyes on, but there was something about her, she looked vaguely familiar. “Who is that woman?” he demanded from one of his associates.

“Her?” asked the man pointing towards Kaia. “She calls herself Kaia, and is probably the finest hetaera in the world. Nobody knows where she comes from but her pleasure and beauty are unrivalled.” 

Demos stood up, the music stopped and crowd grew silent turning their attention from Kaia to Demos. “You,” he shouted pointing to Kaia, “the hetaera by the name of Kaia. Come to me.”

Kaia abandoned her companion who now felt stung by the fact that he paid this woman two thousand drachmas and would most likely spend the entire time without her company. Kaia climbed the stairs to the stage then to the mezzanine and stopped in front of Demos, standing before him proudly. He stood and took her hand, feeling her soft skin, while gazing lustfully into her perfect eyes. “Have we met before?” he inquired.

“No,” Kaia answered, “I come from foreign land several weeks journey from here.”

Demos continued to study her, taking in every curve of her body and carefully searching his mind for some sign of recollection. He stood there for several minutes yet could not place her face, but his soul was still filled with lust towards her. “Let’s start this evening with a tribute to Dionysus,” he shouted. The crowd cheered as wine began flowing and garments were discarded. Within minutes the crowd below had become a writhing Dionysian orgy. Moans of pleasure filled the night sky as cocks and pussies were devoured and worshiped. Bodies caressed and fucked each other in a glorious dance of unbridled sexuality.

Demos removed his robes his cock already rock hard. He pushed Kaia down to her knees and proceeded to feed her his cock. Kaia turned her head away from him.

“I won’t,” she declared. 

“What?” said Demos in a hard voice, “do your job whore.”

“My purchase price is high tonight and you have not yet paid; I still belong to the gentleman who paid two thousand drachma for me,” Kaia answered back as those still on the mezzanine stared at her incredulously.

“You fucking cunt,” Demos said hotly, “you dare command me?”

“I merely state the obvious,” Kaia taunted further, “to partake of my pleasure will cost you four thousand.”

“It will cost me nothing!” Demos shouted as he struck Kaia across her face with his hand.

Kaia fell back crying out in pain. The orgasmic frenzy below them diffused rather quickly as people started watching the drama above them.

Demos grabbed Kaia’s arm intending to have his way with her right there on the floor. He knelt, holding his now semi-hard cock poised to enter her. Deftly Kaia lifted her foot against his stomach, grabbed his head and flipped him through the air, sending him flying over her. Demos jumped back up humiliated and trembling with fury. Kaia stood and Demos grabbed her by the throat intent on strangling her but stopped amid a torrent of protests thrown food from the observers below. He threw Kaia back to the floor and summoned his guards to take her away then turned on the crowd. 

“This celebration is over,” he bellowed, “guards remove these insolent bastards!” 

Demos’s guards moved into the courtyard forcing everyone out, several where knocked unconscious and dragged out. Demos sat down in his throne and slumped over; he could not understand what had just happened. Who was this woman whom so many objected to beating? She was just another prostitute. Most citizens didn’t think twice about beating their whores or even killing them when they showed that much disrespect. Demos's confusion gave rise to renewed anger. He stood and stormed into the house. Kaia was chained, spread eagle, to the wall of small plain room with a guard at either side. Demos entered smoldering with rage. “You filthy slut,” he spat, “You have destroyed my reputation. It will take months to repair the damage you have caused me today. You’ll rue the day you ever crossed me.” 

He turned, speaking to the guards, “Whip her until she is raw and bloody.” Then he left.

The guards looked at each other, hesitant to carry out their orders. How could they whip this woman of exquisite beauty? They could not bring themselves to do it, yet to disobey Demos meant death.

“Won’t you have your way with me first?” offered Kaia. 

The guards looked at each other again and smiled, “What harm would come from a quick fuck?” they both agreed. 

The first guard lifted his tunic and jacked his cock until hard, then slid it into Kaia’s waiting pussy. He fucked her shamelessly, thrusting and grunting while she was still pinned to the wall. He shot his cum into her pussy and pulled out his cock with a slurp. His cum dripped from her cunt and splattered on the floor while the second guard got into place for his turn at her hot honey. 

“That was nice,” cooed Kaia but it would be much more pleasurable if you were to release me. I can do things which you couldn’t possibly imagine. Men have paid over a thousand drachma for me, how many hetaera have you had worth that price?”

The guards thought for a moment then unchained Kaia. She instructed him to lie down then she straddled his stiff cock, riding him with unbridled lust. She motioned the other guard towards her and took his cock into her mouth. He couldn’t believe it, he had just cum in this woman and now her mouth had awakened his cock yet again. He grabbed her head fucked her throat savagely. Kaia used every skill she possessed; the guards moaned and howled as she sucked and fucked them. The guards could not believe their good fortune. They were partaking of the most famous hetaera in the land and it wasn’t costing them a thing. Kaia continued to pound them relentlessly until they burst. Their orgasms started deep within their loins and erupted with such ferocity they couldn’t even contain the pleasure. They descended into unconsciousness. She left the guards to their own sweet dreams and ascended from the bowels of Demos’s dungeon. 

Guards constantly stopped her but none could withstand her beauty and passion. Kaia fucked and sucked her way past more then fifty guards, all the way to Demos’s chambers; she was completely covered with cum by the time she arrived. She listened intently at the ornately carved door to his room but could hear nothing. “Aphrodite help me,” Kaia prayed and entered the room. 

A single lamp burned at large table where Demos sat writing letters. He looked up immediately fixing his gaze upon the intruder. “By Hades how did you escape?” he inquired his eyes narrowing to slits.

“I came to apologize,” said Kaia feigning respect.

“It is too late for…” He stopped, noticing the cum dripping from Kaia’s face and body. 

“It seems my guards have a weakness for pussy. Perhaps I should have a taste of most expensive hetaera in the world before I have you executed.”

“As you wish, my behavior this evening was inexcusable and my punishment should be just,” replied Kaia.

Demos approached her, lust burning in his eyes, and threw her to the ground. “On your knees whore,” he ordered.

Kaia got on her hands and knees as Demos came up behind her, cock in hand. He grabbed her cum-splattered hips and drove his cock deep into her pussy. Kaia pushed back with each thrust clenching her pussy around his cock. She reached back to caress his dangling balls and stroke his cock ramming into her cunt. The sensations she bestowed amazed him and he could feel his anger soften despite his resolve to see this woman dead for her offenses to him. Perhaps he could leave her locked up in his villa, a sex slave to his desires? He stopped his assault from behind and lay down, pulling her on top of him. Kaia crouch down on his pole whipping her hips back and forth. He arched his back, driving his cock into her as deep as it would go then closed his eyes in ecstasy; on the verge of cumming. Kaia had been waited for this moment. She grabbed one of the baubles braided into her hair, plucked it loose and broke the wax seal on it. Cum shot from Demos’s cock, flooding Kaia’s pussy with his evil seed, he yelled out pleasure just as Kaia emptied the meager contents of the bauble in Demos’s open mouth. He grimaced in disgust at the rancid taste of the powder when it touched his tongue. He sat, knocking Kaia off of him. 

“What fuck was that?” He demanded to know as he stood.

Kaia stood facing Demos, “Though we have never met, you should know me for I am the daughter of Atheinaia.” 

Demos’s eyes grew wide with shock and horror. “So,” he stated, “the daughter of whore remains a whore.”

“Whom Aphrodite calls she rewards,” Kaia retorted, “As for you; Hades awaits.”

Demos moved to his table and seized his sword. This time, Kaia would die. He raised his sword ready to strike when an immobilizing pain seared through his stomach. Demos dropped the sword and fell to his knees vomiting. He looked at Kaia and saw a smirk of triumph on her face. “What have you done,” he croaked as another spasm sent vomit spraying from his mouth.

“Poison,” she said simply, then took Demos’s sword in order to prevent him from ending his torment prematurely and walked out of the room.

Kaia strode through the corridors of the house; the screams of pain from Demos’s chambers grew dimmer as she drew closer to the exit. Upon entering the main hall she was again stopped by guards. “You shall not escape by your charms this time My Lady,” the head guard said with authority. 

“I care not,” replied Kaia, “however, your employment here is no longer required. Demos is dead.” 
