 It was a beautiful spring day in Atlanta, Georgia. The sun was out, a few puffy clouds were drifting by in the heavens, the temperature was warm, and a light breeze was blowing. It was too perfect a day to think of the disaster looming in the near future. 

That impending disaster was the reason Amy had the job she was supposed to be doing. The teen was supposed to be stacking boxes of emergency supplies in an bomb-proof underground bunker. The supplies would soon be needed. The scientists at NASA had broadcast a world wide warning of an approaching meteor. The meteor that was going to hit the earth in a few days was predicted to hit somewhere in the Great Plains of North America. The resulting impact would destroy a great portion of earth's population. The initial deaths would come either from the violent impact itself and its shock-wave and the huge earthquakes that would follow. Many more would die from the long period of darkness caused by the ejection of massive amounts of earth ejected from the impact site and hurled into the upper atmosphere. Vast crop failures were expected which would result in worldwide starvation.

Many governments, private organizations, and a few wealthy individuals were stockpiling survival rations in what they thought were secure locations in the hopes of providing any survivors with what they would need. Curt Johnson was one of the wealthy individuals who was planning to survive the meteor strike. He had built a nearly bomb-proof storage bunker and a home next to it. The home was designed as a reinforced shelter as well.

For the past month, Curt had been carefully watching one of his young employees. She was a hard worker and he had grown fond of her without saying anything. 

Amy had been employed by a wealthy individual unknown to her to help store the emergency supplies in a very secure bunker. It was Friday afternoon and her tasks were nearly complete. The meteor was due to arrive sometime around midday Monday. Time for preparations was getting very short. 

Instead of working as she was supposed to be, Amy was daydreaming about cuddling with a boy she knew and liked from school. She had dreamed of him ever since they were Juniors in high school. At nineteen years of age, Amy had now graduated from school and was part of the adult working world. 

Unfortunately for Amy, the boy she was fantasizing about didn't know or care about Amy's feelings for him. He barely acknowledged her existence. Amy wasn't his type of girl. He preferred the slender, big-titted, cheerleader types. 

Amy, on the other hand, was short and a little on the pudgy side. She stood a bit over five foot six and weighed about one hundred forty pounds. That combination had given her a sizable set of tits, a plump and well rounded ass, and a nicely padded belly. She kept her auburn hair cut short, and it seemed to form a frame for her cute round and freckled face. Her green eyes usually sparkled when she smiled.

Amy didn't know her supervisor, Mr. Curt Johnson, was the owner of the bunker where she was working. As he walked by the area Amy was in, he noticed she was just standing in a corner of the bunker behind a pile of boxes. As he got closer to her, he noticed tears flowing from Amy's eyes.

"Amy, what's wrong?" He asked the weeping girl.

She was startled by Mr. Johnson's sudden appearance. "Nothing sir. I'll get back to work right away."

"It's alright, Amy. No one expects you, or anyone else, to be concentrating on work with what's soon coming our way."

With tears still flowing from her eyes, Amy walked past Mr. Johnson to return to work. He gently reached out and took hold her by her shoulders. He pulled her backwards until her back was pressed to his chest. As he held her firmly, he asked. "Amy will you talk to me? Is there anything I can do to help you?"

"No sir. I have just realized that I will never be with a boy I like. He will never hold and cuddle with me. He, I, and most of the other people we know will probably be dead by next Monday evening. He didn't care for me anyway. I'm too fat for him to be attracted to me. All my dreams will end in a few days anyway. Maybe that's not so bad after all."

"Amy, you are not too fat. I think you are cute as hell. I've been watching you for weeks, and I like what I've seen. I have developed a strong attraction to you. I just didn't know how to approach you. After all, you are only nineteen and I am your twenty-eight-year-old boss. I hope you don't get too mad at me for what I'm about to do."

Mr. Johnson then bent forward and kissed the side of Amy's neck. In the mean time, his hands slid around her torso and gently hugged her.

Amy sighed as she felt her supervisor's strong arms around her waist and his hands on her belly. "Oh Mr. Johnson. I'm not mad at all. As a matter-of-fact, that feels nice." She then tilted her head back and let it rest on his chest.

"Amy, please call me Curt." He began rubbing and squeezing Amy's belly and slowly moved his hands up to her breasts. He gently squeezed them and kissed her neck again. 

She gasped when Curt moved his hands up and covered her breasts. She then cooed in appreciation of the feelings she was getting. "Curt, I have never done anything like this before. The boys never seemed to like me." 

"Well I do. I like girls with a little meat on their bones." He then squeezed Amy's breasts again. "Amy, since the workday is almost over anyway, I would like to take you out if you're interested. Amy, will you go out to dinner with me?"

Amy spun around in his arms to face Curt. She seemed to be in thought for a few seconds as she stared into his eyes. Then a smile spread across her face. She then threw her arms around his neck, pressed her breasts into his torso, and kissed his lips. "Curt, are you really asking me for a date? No one has ever asked me out before."

Curt smiled down at the cute girl in his arms. "That's their loss. Yes Amy, I'm asking you for a date. Would you like to go to dinner with me tonight?"

"Yes Curt, I'd love to go to dinner with you. I just need to go home to clean up first." Amy was back to her normal bubbly self.

"OK! Go home now. I'll pick you up in about an hour." 

Curt had barely finished speaking before Amy was running out of the bunker's open blast doors and heading for her car. Curt thought he should probably hurry too. He didn't want to keep his date waiting very long. With the approaching meteor only a few days away, there was precious little time to waste.

Just a little over an hour later Curt had gotten home, showered, shaved, dressed, and driven to Amy's apartment. He had barely gotten parked when Amy came bounding out to meet him. The loose summer dress she was wearing fluttered in the breeze as she approached. Its low cut bodice showed a considerable amount of her cleavage. She hoped into the passenger seat of his car before he had a chance to open the door for her. She then leaned over to kiss his right cheek. 

"Wow Amy! You sure seem a lot happier than you were a little while ago. You look and smell delicious."

Amy practically beamed at him and said, "Curt, there is not enough time before the meteor arrives for me to play hard to get. So, if you're interested in a fat girl like me, we can have a good time tonight." 

Curt replied without actually responding to her comment. "You're right, Amy. Time is short. So, let's get going." Curt then pulled out of the parking space and headed toward one of the nicest restaurants in town. 

They ate steak and lobster and shared a bottle of wine. The laws on underage drinking had been rolled back. Due to the likelihood of a short life expectancy, sixteen was now the legal drinking age. 

By the time they had finished dinner, Amy was giggling a lot. She was a little tipsy from the wine. "Curt, I'm sorry I'm being so silly. I have never drank so much wine."

Curt laughed at his date, placed his arm over her shoulder, and pulled her closer to him. "It's alright, baby. I want you to have fun and remember this night."

Amy thought the comment about remembering this night was a bit weird considering they would probably be dead in a few days. There wouldn't be time to remember anything. She tilted her head back when Curt lifted her chin. She happily accepted and returned the tender kiss Curt placed on her lips.

Curt whispered in Amy's ear. "Are you ready to go, Amy?"

She looked up into his eyes and replied. "Yes Curt, but let me say something first. You're the first guy who has treated me this nice. I like you a lot. So, since we only have a few days before the meteor probably kills us all, I've decided to give myself to you. You can do whatever you want with me. I am looking forward to at least one night's pleasure with you before the meteor puts an end to us all and all that we know. OK, I'm ready now."

Curt kissed her passionately and told her, "Amy, your are a very special girl to me. I have never been married and it's unlikely that is in my future right now. So, let's make the best of what we have and let whatever happens happen." He then left a nice tip on the table and escorted Amy to his car. During the ride to Curt's home, Amy sat close to him. He placed his right arm over her shoulders and hugged her. He gently rubbed her upper arm as he drove toward his home. Though he was very tempted to caress her breast, he didn't want to come on too strong and frighten this young woman. She soon sighed and laid her head back on his shoulder. A broad smile brightened her face. 

After a short while Amy relieved some of his fear of frightening her. She turned slightly to her right. She then pulled the hand that had been rubbing her arm to her right breast. When Curt gently squeezed her breast, Amy sighed again and snuggled even closer into his side. He continued to massage Amy's breast until they reached his home.

When they pulled into Curt's driveway, Amy sat up. She turned to face him, and they tenderly kissed. 

Curt helped Amy out of his car, and, with an arm around her waist, led her into his home. He then helped her sit on his couch. He sat next to her, put his arm around her shoulders, and firmly hugged her. He gently kissed her again. She cooed and returned the kiss. They cuddled for a while and talked about what their future may hold. She was convinced their future would end sometime next Monday. He tried to calm her fears. 

After a little while Curt began fondling Amy's breasts through her dress. He released several of her dress buttons and a great deal more of her ample breasts were exposed. He pushed her dress from her shoulders. Except for the lacy light blue bra that lifted her breasts and helped create her cleavage, Amy was nude from the waist up. Curt leaned over her and began kissing and licking the exposed areas of Amy's breasts. 

Amy cooed in response and put a hand on the back of Curt's head. She pulled his head tighter to her chest. "Do you like my boobs, Curt?"

Curt sat up and replied, "Oh yeah, Baby. I sure do. They're so soft and kissable." He reached out and put a hand on each breast. He firmly squeezed both of Amy's boobs and again kissed each one. 

While he fondled Amy's breasts, they stood and faced each other. She opened his shirt and pushed it off his shoulders allowing it to fall to the floor. She briefly rubbed her hands up and down his solid chest and belly. "Oh my! I like this. You work out, don't you?"

"Yes! I have a small gym here at home." 

Amy then moved her hands down to his waist and began fumbling with his belt and pants button. At the same time, Curt released the rest of her dress buttons. In short order his pants and her dress were puddled around their feet on the floor. They both kicked off their shoes and stepped out of the clothes around their ankles. 

His boxers and her bra and matching panties were their only covering. Curt stepped back and they looked each other over.

Curt smiled broadly and said, "Amy, you are a very beautiful young lady."

"For a fat girl." She replied sarcastically.

"No!" He said firmly. "Regardless of how much you weigh, you're as beautiful as any girl I know."

Amy grinned and asked, "Do you really mean that?"

"Yes I do, Amy. I think you are beautiful from head to toe. I like your soft round tummy. Your butt is plump but firm. And I especially like your tits. They will be a delight to play with." He reached out and squeezed them again. 

Amy giggled.

"Amy, would you consider staying with me until the meteor hits? I really like you and want you to stay with me."

"Curt, I believe in straight talk. Like I said earlier, I have already made up my mind to give myself to you. If you want me to stay with you, we can try to make our last days happy ones." She then reached behind her back to release her bra.

"Wait a minute, Baby. Not yet! I am anxious to see your nude body, but I have something else I want to show you before we go any further." He held out his hand to her and said, "Come with me."

Amy took the offered hand, and Curt led her through his home to the rear of the house. He led her through a door that led to a stairway down to his basement. Once at the bottom of the stairs, they doubled back under the steps to another door. 

Amy was beginning to wonder where Curt was leading her. This door opened to reveal another set of steps that went much deeper under the house. "Where are you taking me?"

He answered somewhat cryptically. "There is a lot more to this house than is apparent at first sight." 

At the bottom of the second set of steps was a door similar to the blast doors at the bunker where she worked, only this door was much thicker and heavier. It opened to reveal a complex of fully furnished rooms larger than the house under which it was located. It had all the amenities of a regular house as well as storage areas full of supplies. He showed her the living room, his gym, the cooking area, and security room with banks of dials, switches, and monitors. Finally he led her to the sleeping quarters with its adjacent bathroom. There was a row of switches on the night stand next to the bed and several monitors on the wall. 

"This is where we will be staying. The structure here can take a great deal stress. As a matter-of-fact, it can withstand almost anything except a direct impact by the meteor or an atomic bomb. The plumbing and air recirculation systems are designed to survive a near miss as well. The meteor impact will corrupt the air above ground for many months, perhaps more than a year. This shelter has been stocked with all the supplies we will need for whatever length of time it takes for the air above ground to clear. Water comes from wells deep beneath our feet. When the electricity fails, our electrical needs will be provided by a self contained generator powered by a very small nuclear power plant." 

"So, you see Amy, I intend for us to survive the coming disaster, together, in this bunker. I have longed for you ever since I first saw you working in the storage bunker. Amy, over the past few months that you have worked for me, I have fallen in love with you. If you accept my offer, I wish for you to be mine for a long long time. Do you still wish to give yourself to me? Will you be happy spending your youth with a man nine years older than yourself? You may change your mind if you like, and I will take you home right away."

"Are you kidding me? Why would I want to change my mind? A man I like, and who likes me as I am, has asked me to be his girl and live with him. In addition to that, we may survive the coming meteor hit. Of course I'll stay with you, Curt. Whatever comes our way, I am your girl!"

Amy then released her bra and let it fall to the floor. She shook her shoulders from side to side and her large tits swayed freely. She smiled at Curt and said, "Curt, you can have me any way you like. All I ask of you is that you please be gentle with me the first time. If you like plump girls, come make this plump girl yours." 

A very broad smile spread over Curt's face. He spread his arms and Amy stepped into them. He hugged her tightly crushing her tits into his chest. He kissed her with a passion she had never felt before. He let his hands slide down her back to fondle her plump ass. He firmly squeezed her butt's cheeks, pulled her pelvis tightly to his, and told her, "Amy, I really do like your body. I love a girl with a little meat on her bones, and baby, you have just the right amount of meat in just the right places." 

Amy cooed in pleasure. "Oh Curt, you don't know how much I wanted to hear you say that. I know you will make me feel wanted and cared for. I can tell already how much you want me. I can feel that desire pressing against my belly."

Curt laughed. He knew his manhood was standing at attention and was pressing into her soft belly. "You're right, Amy. I do want you so very much." He then pushed his hands under lacy panties and squeezed the bare flesh of her ass.

Amy laid her head on Curt's chest and moaned. "Then do something about it. Please take me to bed and make me yours. My cherry is yours to take."

Even though Amy was a little heavier than she would have preferred, Curt bent over and picked her up. He cradled her in his arms like she was as light as a feather. She gasped and then giggled. She then threw her arms around his neck. He was much stronger than she had expected. They kissed as he carried her to the bunker's sleeping chamber. "I have just one more question, Amy. Are you on birth control pills?" 

She looked up into his eyes and replied. "Yes, I just got a six month refill on them. After that, if we live that long, I don't know what we will do."

He smiled and kissed her again. He then laid her on the king sized bed. He slid her panties from under her butt and off her legs.

With a broad grin, Curt exclaimed, "Amy, you're bald! How did you know I preferred bald pussy?"

"I didn't know if you would like me shaved or not." She replied with a smile. "I told you I had made up my mind to give myself to you, if you wanted me, before you picked me up this evening. So, while I was in the shower getting ready for our date I shaved my legs. I then decided to shave my pubes too. I wanted to be as sexy as I could be for you. I had hoped you'd like me this way."

"I certainly do! You look good enough to eat. Let me show you how much I like you and your bald pussy." 

Amy somewhat nervously spread her legs as Curt crawled from the foot of the bed up between them. When he reached her crotch he kissed then licked her bald pubic mound. He kissed her snugly closed split. He then gave her one long pussy-lip parting lick from the bottom of her split to her clit and flicked his tongue over that sensitive bundle of nerves. 

"Oh God!" Amy gasped and thrust her pelvis up to accept the attentions Curt was giving her pussy. 

He then inhaled deeply of her fresh aroma. Curt smiled at Amy and said to her, "There's nothing I like more than the taste and aroma of a fresh virgin's pussy." He then began licking and sucking Amy's pussy with exuberance. 

In a short time, she was thrashing on the bed beneath him. She soon felt the first orgasm of the night rush through her body. She clinched her fists. She wadded bedding into each fist on each side of her hips. She thrust her pelvis up to meet Curt's mouth. She had never felt anything so intense. 

As her orgasm waned, he pressed his tongue as deeply as he could into her awakening hole. Her body began responding again, and she used both hands to press his face tightly into her eager pussy. He continued eating her through two more shuddering orgasms. 

Eventually, Amy pushed Curt's head away from her pussy. It was drenched with her lubricating juices. With a breathless voice, she begged her lover. "Oh Curt, that is so wonderful, but please, let me rest a minute."
