 The end came quickly. The virus spread across the world so fast that no one had time to prepare or counter it's effects. Some survived, but very few. The world was littered with ghost towns and the detritus of a collapsed society. My wife and I some how survived. Apparently we were part of the lucky, or maybe unlucky, few to have been immune to the effects of the virus. 

My wife and I are in our forties with no children. Anne is a strong, pragmatic woman and took the end much better than I. The loss of friends and family members was devastating to say the least. In the year following, we moved from our home near Drake University in Des Moines to an acreage on the outskirts of the city. We did this to avoid other survivors, not that there were many. However, we had two encounters since the end and neither good. Fortunately, my wife and I are both proficient with guns and we were able to extricate ourselves unscathed from both events. She grew up hunting with her father and was a far better shot than I. The second encounter decided it for us and we moved. 

We found our new home tucked away in a little valley that fit our needs perfectly. The well provided good water and we had plenty of provisions. We weren't that far from the city so on occasion we would make forays to gather supplies. Deer and wild turkeys were plentiful in this area. The virus seemed to only affect humans. The wildlife was doing just fine. We planted vegetables and settled in. Another year passed. 

It was the end of Summer and I ventured out a little farther than normal from the acreage to scrounge through some of the drug stores for any medicines we might need for the coming winter. Most of them had been gone over quite thoroughly in the final weeks of the outbreak, but there were still some that had a decent supply of antibiotics, cold medicines, pain relievers and such.

I drew my gun and slowly entered the drug store. I never took chances. As I slowly worked my way back to the pharmacy, I could hear sobbing. A young man hovered over another man who was prostrate on the floor covered in blankets. I trained my gun on the man looking down at his friend. He was startled to see me and begged me not to kill him. He was undernourished and very scared. That was Lucas. Samuel was sick and needed medical attention. It was obvious these guys weren't a threat. 

Samuel was nineteen and Lucas was twenty four. They'd met after the end days and became close friends helping each other to survive. They weren't doing a very good job of it. We were able to get Samuel safely back to the acreage. After a couple of weeks of food, rest, medicine, and fresh water, Samuel recovered quickly. Lucas looked much better too. They were both very appreciative of our assistance. They were good guys and we quickly became friends. 

Autumn was fast approaching. Samuel and Lucas had no plans. They had been living day by day; barely making it. Anne and I had a well established home with good resources. We offered them the opportunity of staying with us. Anne and I could teach them firearms and the chores of keeping up the acreage. The extra help would come in handy, not to mention two more armed to protect what we had. 

Over the next few months, Lucas and Samuel learned all of the chores and responsibilities needed to maintain our life on the acreage. It was still a new life for all of us since the end times, but at this point we managed a pretty good life. Summer became Autumn; and soon turned to Winter. It was a harsh, cold Winter. We spent most days inside just trying to stay warm. Good days were spent gathering wood or hunting. Occasionally, Anne and I would slip away to another room to have sex. We didn't think about this being a problem because, well, we were married and we'd always had a healthy sex life. 

The problem was that it was cruel to Samuel and Lucas. I hadn't realized how our sex life would affect two young men like that. Lucas and I were collecting wood from the shed one day. He mentioned how grateful he and Samuel were to us, but said it was really difficult for them to listen to us having sex when they had no wives or girlfriends of their own. I promised him that when the weather warmed up, we would mount an expedition with the hopes of expanding our settlement with partners for both of them. 

A couple of days later, Anne and I went on a hunt to replenish our meat supply. We were able to bag a couple of good sized wild turkeys. We had a light meal and then gathered up our gear for the trek home. 

"I had a conversation with Lucas that I think I should mention to you."

"Is every thing ok?"

"Yes, well, mostly. He and Samuel are a little uncomfortable with our..." I hesitated.

"With what?"

"Well, basically, our sex life." 

"You're my husband, of course we're going to have sex. Why is that an issue?"

"Well, they're young guys with no wives or girlfriends. I think it's just frustrating and depressing for them knowing we're having sex and they have to go without."

"What did you tell him?"

"I promised him that when the weather warms up, we'll set out to see if we can locate any more survivors."

"Sure, we could do that." Ann paused. "You know, there's also the chance we may not encounter anyone for some time, let alone women."

"I know. I thought about that too. I'm just not sure what we'll do in the mean time."

We started for home and walked in silence for some time. 

At last Anne said, "The way I see it we have two choices. We can stop having sex until we find them partners, or I take care of all of you until that happens."

I was at a loss for words. To be honest, I hadn't even considered that option. I walked in silence not knowing how to respond. I didn't like either choice. 

I quietly thought about what Anne had said as we walked home. I certainly didn't want to give up sex. It could be a long time before we found any other survivors. Good people that would be willing to expand our little settlement, as well as women who would be willing to partner with Samuel or Lucas. However, the thought of her with another man was just something I wasn't sure I could deal with. 

I mulled it over in my mind for a couple of days. I went back and forth over the pros and cons of the situation. Every way I worked it I couldn't escape Anne's conclusion. She was right. We really only had two choices and one of them meant I was going to have to go without being intimate with my wife. Maybe for a long time. There was no way I could do that. 

The next morning, Anne and I were cleaning up after breakfast. Samuel and Lucas were gathering water from the well for the day.

"About what we discussed the other day regarding Samuel and Lucas."

"Yes."

"I've decided I'm ok with you taking care of all of us. I mean, I'm not completely comfortable with it, but I think it's the best option for now. I don't want to give up having sex with my wife for what could be a very long time."

"Every thing will be fine." She looked up at me and touched my face. "I love you and you are still my husband."

"Thank you for saying that," I said quietly.

"Samuel and Lucas are good guys. They've been gentlemen the entire time they've been here. I'm not sure if you've noticed, but those two really look up to you and respect you."

"I honestly didn't realize that."

"Well, it's true."

She gave me a kiss and we agreed that I'd talk to the guys after dinner.

That evening, we had a nice meal with a little wine from our cache. The guys and I cleared off the table and cleaned up the dishes while Anne retreated to the other side of the house for a bath and some alone time. I opened a bottle of Makers Mark and poured each of us a glass. We made small talk as we sipped our bourbon. I finally said that I had something I needed to talk to them about. 

"Regarding, um, Anne and our sex life." I hesitated a moment. Took a drink, and then said it. 

"I put it to Anne and she decided that she will take care of all of us until we can find you partners." 

Samuel looked over at Lucas, but Lucas was looking into his bourbon. 

After a moment or two, Lucas looked up and said, "That really nice of Anne. And you too. Thank you." 

I sighed. "It wasn't easy for me to agree to this, but we both think it's the right thing to do."

Samuel nervously drank from his glass, then said, "Thank you." He looked at Lucas again and back at me. "You and Anne have been good to us and we're both thankful for that."

We continued sipping our bourbon. We could hear the sounds of a snow storm picking up outside. It was going to be a very cold night. We had a wood burning stove in the main room of the house. The problem was that the living room was the only heated room in the Winter. So our beds were in a sort of semi circle with a table and chairs in the middle for meals. The bathroom, where Anne took her bath, was cold, but she didn't mind. It was worth it for her to have a space to escape to. And there were times she needed her space. 

Anne came back from her bath and sat at the table. A hint of lavender about her as she poured herself a healthy portion of bourbon. She could tell I was nervous. Samuel was visibly nervous as well. She smiled and began making small talk, which turned into a story about one of her crazy friends before the end times. We all had a good laugh and each of us joined in with stories of our own. The evening comfortably wore on, and each of us relaxed as the bottle slowly drained. Then Anne's face took on a more serious look. She downed her glass and then slid back her chair. 

"Well, I'm ready if you fellas are."

To be honest, I was a little shocked that she was that straight forward. Us guys nervously chuckled, but otherwise remained silent. Samuel and Lucas looked at me awkwardly. 

After a moment I said, "I'd rather let the guys go first." For some reason, I'd decided I was more comfortable with her ending with me. 

Lucas spoke. "I think Samuel should go first. He's the kid." We all had a laugh at that. The bourbon definitely helped.

Samuel nervously looked at Anne. "Is that ok?"

"Of course Sam," Anne replied smiling at him. 

Anne is a brunette, shoulder length hair, about 5' 4", small build, with full breasts. A nice ass too. Kind of petite in that area, but a nice shape. She's not what you would call pretty like you'd see in swimsuit editions of magazines. She has a unique look to her. Kind of a homely, girl next door sort of look. Sexy, as far as I am concerned. She was wearing a silky, pink pajama top and matching pajama pants. Always conservative in her attire she had on a bra underneath her top. She walked over to our bed and sat down. 

Samuel looked at me as if asking permission. I nodded to him. He slowly got up, walked over to the bed, and sat down on Anne's left. I filled Lucas' glass and then my glass from a new bottle. I took a drink and looked at Anne and Samuel. I was about to watch my wife fuck another guy and I just couldn't look away. 

Samuel quietly asked Anne, "Is it ok if I just kiss you first?"

"Sure, that's fine Sam." 

Samuel moved closer and leaned in. He gently kissed Anne on the lips and then pulled back. If there was more light, I'm sure we would've been able to see Samuel blushing. Anne gently chuckled. 

"Sam, it's ok. I'm not going to hurt you".

Samuel smiled at her. He paused for a moment, then leaned in slowly, and kissed her again. Although this time he held the kiss longer. He pulled back and looked at her lips. Samuel reached up and held her face in his hand. He kissed her again and slowly opened his mouth. Anne responded and let Samuel explore her mouth and tongue. 

They kissed for a few moments. Samuel slowly pulled his hand from her face. He slid his hand down her neck and over her collar, then cupped one of Anne's breasts. He slowly squeezed and lifted her breast, his hand caressing her silky top as he worked his tongue in her mouth. I sipped my bourbon and looked over at Lucas. He was like me, glued to the scene. Samuel slipped his hand above the neckline of her pajama top. He slowly worked his hand into her bra. Anne's breasts were ample so I knew his hand was full. Their kisses became more passionate as Samuel massaged her right breast with his left hand. 

Samuel pulled back. He seemed nervous and excited. Anne instinctively knew what to do. She laid back onto the bed and pulled her hair back. Samuel quickly moved his hands over her pajama bottoms and then pulled them down. Over her knees, ankles, and off. He laid them to the side. He slid one hand along the inside of her thigh and gently touched her pussy over her panties. With both hands he pulled her panties down past her knees and slipped them off. He tossed them on to the pajama bottoms. 

At this point Samuel was beside himself. He fumbled at his zipper and belt until his pants finally came down, but only partially. His cock was rock hard. He rolled over on top of Anne clumsily. Anne spread her legs and guided him into her. He began fucking her feverishly. The bed creaked. Anne had a serene look on her face as Samuel plunged into her. Anne adjusted herself to Samuel and spread her legs wider. His breathing became heavy. I could hear the wet sounds of Samuels cock working Anne's pussy. This went on for a minute or so. He squeezed her left breast over her silky top, kissed her and then looked into her eyes. 

"It feels so good Anne." 

"When you're ready, pull out and come on me Sam." 

The bed creaked louder. Anne pulled her legs back a little more. The sound of Samuels cock pounding Anne's wet pussy quickened. He gasped and pulled out. Then came quickly and hard on her stomach. As soon as his orgasm ended, he collapsed on top of her. He laid there for a moment completely spent. Anne gently ran her hands across his back. 

"Are you ok Sam?" she quietly asked.

He let out a long breath. 

"Yes. I am. That was wonderful." He lightly kissed her on the mouth and rolled over. 

He laid there for a short while and caught his breath. He sat up on the edge of the bed, then stood up and pulled up his pants. I just watched my wife get fucked by another man. To say I was confused by my feelings would be a huge understatement. I was both horrified and turned on in the extreme. Samuel walked over to the table and sat down. He took a drink from his unfinished glass.

Lucas stood up and looked at me. I nodded and took a long pull of my drink. Well, here we go again. I was so aroused I had to adjust my self because of my erection. He walked over to the bed and sat down next to Anne. She was still lying on her back. No pajama pants or panties, but still wearing her silky, pink pajama top. She had used the sheet to clean Samuel from her stomach. There was a fine glistening of sweat on her face. She pulled her hair back from her face and eased back. 

Lucas slid his hand across her thigh and then cupped her left breast. He squeezed and gently massaged her and then moved over to her right breast. He moved his hand down over her stomach and then slipped his hand under her pajama top. He traced his hand from stomach to chest, then inserted his hand into her bra. He gently squeezed her right breast. I could see his hand working as he looked down at Anne. He looked at her as if he was an animal toying with his prey. At least that's what it seemed like to me. 

He pulled his hand out from under her top and leaned in towards her. He cupped her face with his hands and kissed her. He pulled back for just a moment and then kissed her again. Only this time he worked his tongue into her mouth. She accepted him without a sound and responded by opening her mouth wider and gently entwining her tongue with Lucas'. 

Lucas sat up again. He lifted up Anne's top exposing her bra and then casually pulled her top off over her head. He laid her top on the side of the bed as Anne adjusted her hair back. He slid his hand under her bra cupping her right breast again. He pulled her bra strap down a little on that side barely exposing her nipple. He leaned down and kissed her breast. He then kissed her nipple and gently sucked on it. I could see that her nipple was erect. Anne closed her eyes as he kissed, licked, and quietly sucked on her tit. 

Lucas sat up and slid his hand across her bra, over her stomach and on to the inside of her thigh. Anne adjusted her bra covering her exposed breast. He slowly moved his hand up and gently touched the outside of her pussy. He began massaging slowly. After a few moments I could hear her wetness. With a deep, wet sound, his fingers entered her. Slowly pulled out, then entered again. Slowly pulled out, then entered again. Finally pulled out. I took a long pull of my bourbon. 

Lucas then stood up off of the bed. He slipped off his shirt, pulled off his pants, and removed his underwear. His cock was fully erect at this point. He leisurely walked to the front of the bed, got on his hands and knees and leaned his cock in next to Anne's mouth. Without any hesitation, she turned her head to the side, opened her mouth and accepted Lucas' cock. He moved it slowly in and slowly back out again. The room was quiet. All we could hear was the sounds of Anne sucking Lucas. At one point she took a breath and worked her tongue around his cock. Then she took him back into her mouth and let him slowly glide it in and out again. 

The sounds of her sucking continued on for what seemed like an eternity to me. Lucas was enjoying every second. I have to admit, I was too.

"mmmm That's nice Anne", he said as he ran his hand through her hair. 

He worked his cock in deeper and slower for the last couple of strokes and then pulled out of her mouth.

He climbed between Anne's legs and spread them apart. He entered her and slowly began fucking her. He was up on his knees. He leaned in and squeezed Anne's tits over her bra as he found his rhythm. The old bed began it's familiar creaking again. Anne adjusted her legs around Lucas' legs allowing his cock deeper access. The sound of Lucas fucking my wife's wet pussy filled the room. I could see sweat on Anne's face and stomach as Lucas' cock penetrated my wife. 

Lucas suddenly whispered, "I want to see your tits Anne". 

He paused, and pulled out of her. He climbed over her and reached behind her back. He kissed her passionately as he unsnapped her bra. As soon as it was undone, Anne pulled her bra straps down one arm at a time while subserviently accepting Lucas' mouth on hers. He was still on his hands and knees over her. With one hand she pulled her bra between them and dropped it on the floor next to the bed. 

Lucas pulled back and looked down at Anne's tits. She really did have nice tits and I could tell Lucas thought so too. He leaned on one arm while he massaged her tits with the other hand. He positioned himself between Anne's legs and she guided him in again. The sound of their fucking filled the room. You could hear the slapping of his body against hers. The bed creaking. 

Lucas then grabbed both of her arms and held them above her head, pinning her to the bed. Anne seemed to respond with an almost animal instinct. She spread her legs wider lifting back her knees. The sound of Lucas' cock slamming into Anne intensified. I could see her tits bouncing in time with the rhythm of his cock pounding her. 

Lucas was panting hard. Anne was sweating and her soft moaning changed. Her eyes were closed.

"mmmm, yes."

Lucas' cock continued to work Anne's wet pussy. Still holding her arms over her head. Tits bouncing.

"Oh, Lucas." Almost a whisper.

Anne lifted her head up slightly and opened her mouth, eyes still closed. A clear invitation.

He leaned in and let Anne explore his mouth with her tongue. Their lips barely touching at all.

"mmmm," Anne moaned softly.

"Oh; Oh."

Anne leaned back and shivered as her orgasm crashed through her in several waves. She moaned with each one. As the orgasm subsided, she visibly relaxed. Lucas continued for another ten or fifteen seconds. He then pulled out with a soft gasp. He quickly leaned forward and came on Anne's tits. Stroking his cock of every last drop. He finished and then collapsed over to the side of her. After a few moments, he leaned over and gave her one last kiss as he cupped one of her tits. He then rolled off of her and reached for his clothes. After dressing he walked over to table, sat down, and poured himself a last drink. 
