 The end times began like any other day. The story on the news was brief and certainly not the lead story that day. A remote tribe in the Amazon rain forest was being decimated by a virus that health officials in Brazil were scrambling to contain. Over the course of the following days, the story gradually became the lead story. Each day, exponentially worse.

The efforts of health officials in Brazil weren't enough. The virus soon spread across the world. Millions perished daily. Within a week it reached the United States. The CDC was powerless against it. There was no time to create a vaccine or for any Government agency to react in any meaningful way. There wasn't even enough time to bury the dead. There was some looting and crime as people realized this was the end. However, it wasn't wide spread. We barely had time to say good bye to one another.

By the time the virus reached our home in Cheyenne Wyoming, the world had come to a complete stop. TV, radio, internet, air travel, phone service, everything related to our modern society ceased. My wife and I became sick at the same time. As the hours passed, my wife became increasingly ill. However, my symptoms remained unchanged. I had some sniffling and that was it. 

The following day I told my wife I loved her and said good bye. She was gone. I figured I was going to be following her soon. I buried her in our back yard, then went back into the house and waited for my turn. 

Within a couple of days my symptoms passed. I was fully prepared to die alongside my wife and now there I was, healthy as a horse as if nothing had happened. Everyone was gone. My parents, my brother and his family, friends, neighbors, colleagues. To make matters worse, the power failed at this time. 

For the next few days I stayed at my home. I thought maybe the police, army or some government entity would come by and tell me where to go or what to do. Nothing. Silence. Not only were there no signs of any kind of government response, there were no signs of any human efforts or activity at all. 

I cautiously ventured out to find food and water. I drove to the nearest grocery store and stocked up on canned goods and bottled water. The quiet streets and dead bodies had a terribly unnerving effect on me. I returned home and unloaded my supplies. That's when it finally hit me. This is it. This is the world now. 

I jumped back in my car desperate to find anyone. I drove into downtown Cheyenne. I went up and down every street. Not a soul. Not one person. I picked up several bottles of wine and got blind drunk. The next day I woke up in the backseat of my car with a raging hangover. As I lay there surrounded by a deafening silence, I realized I had to do something. Then it struck me. Karen's parents lived, or rather had lived, on an acreage near the Bighorn Mountains. That seemed like the best place to try and ride this out. 

I had a purpose. I gathered supplies. A rifle, a .38 revolver, ammo, food, and water. I loaded up my car, siphoned gas from the neighbors car, and headed out. The trip was uneventful, but I felt like I was in a dream. Wyoming is sparse, but no human contact at all was still something I was struggling to come to grips with. I had to be careful on the interstate as there were abandoned cars and trucks intermittently littered along the way. 

I got off of I-90 at the Story exit and made my way into the foothills. I reached the gravel road leading up to the acreage. Pine tree's lined the road up to the house. Beyond I could see the Bighorn Mountains blue and cold. If the circumstances were different, I would say it was a beautiful day. 

A gunshot rang out. I immediately stopped the car. I ducked, opened the car door, and crouched behind the car. 

"You need to leave right now! This my home and you're not welcome!" a voice yelled from an open window. 

I was both relieved and puzzled. I hadn't expected this. It was Karen's mother Joan. My mother in law. 

"Joan, don't shoot," I yelled. "It's Joe."

"Joe?" she paused. "Stand up with your hands raised so I can see you."

I stood up and walked in front of the car. The door opened and she ran out to greet me. She hugged me and was genuinely happy to see me. I was glad to see her too. I couldn't believe she was alive. It quickly turned to tears of joy and of grief as the magnitude of our situation was realized with our meeting. 

We went inside and talked about what had happened since the outbreak. Joan's story was similar to mine. Her husband, my father in law, Bill died quickly after getting sick while Joan only had mild symptoms that passed in a day or two. I broke the news that Karen had passed and that I'd laid her to rest my self. She had already accepted her daughters passing and was still in disbelief that I was with her now. She'd assumed I was gone too.

I asked if she'd seen anyone else, but she hadn't. I thought that if we'd survived that there had to be others, but we were in a remote part of Wyoming. We may very well be the only ones in this area. I brought in my supplies and settled into one of the rooms. 

Days became weeks, weeks into months. I spent my days traveling to the nearest towns gathering medicine, food and various supplies. Water wasn't an issue since the acreage had a well. We were good on firewood too. Bill had a shed, more of a small barn really, with enough firewood to last us until Spring. Joan spent her days taking care of daily chores on the acreage. This kept us busy until the first snow announced that Winter had arrived. 

We hunkered down for what was going to be a long Winter. No plows or services so we weren't going anywhere. Fortunately, both Joan and Bill kept a well stocked library. I was going to have plenty of time to read. The home was large and had two fireplaces. One in the main living room and one in the master bedroom. 

There was also a wood burning cook stove in the kitchen. It was an antique and was there mostly for show. However, Bill had set it up so that it could actually be used. Bill had been an all around good handyman (understatement). Woodworking, plumbing, you name it. I'm not sure if he was prescient too, but the fact that their wood cook stove was functional was a Godsend. Bill had been a good man and I sang his praises for that alone. 

Weeks went by and we were snowed in completely. Joan and I spent many days talking during our meals, but there was so much down time. I had far too much time to just sit around and think. I wasn't quite at the level of Jack Torrance from The Shining thankfully, but I certainly had cabin fever. I would occasionally go outside to collect firewood, gather water from the well, and to get fresh air. That helped, but my mind began to wander.

After dinner one evening, Joan got up to take dishes to the sink. I watched her as she walked to the kitchen sink. My eyes moved down to her ass; and held there. She was wearing tight jeans and a pullover sweater. I never noticed how nice her ass was before. I felt a little guilty for looking at her and thinking of her that way. I mean, this was my mother in law.

Joan had always kept herself in great shape. She was in her sixties, petite, maybe 5' 2", auburn hair flecked with gray that she kept pulled back, and very small, almost flat, breasts. I was in my late thirties. To be honest, I'd never really thought about an older woman at that time, let alone my mother in law like this before. My wife had been beautiful and we'd had a healthy sex life. However, I'd already gone months without sex and my thoughts began to drift around Joan.

After each meal, I would intentionally let her get up first to go to the sink with her dishes so I could watch her. I still felt guilty doing that, but the more guilt I felt the more it turned me on. At night, my masturbation sessions became all about Joan. And they were intense. I wanted her, but I had no idea how that was going to happen. Between the cabin fever and lust, I definitely wasn't thinking straight.

One afternoon, Joan asked if I could help her get some blankets and clothes down from the attic. She pulled down the attic stairs, which are more like a ladder, and climbed up. As she slowly came down carrying her bundle, I put my hands lightly on the outside of her thighs to make sure she didn't slip. I just couldn't help myself. When she took the next step, I moved my hands over so that her ass slid across my hands. She quickly stepped down off of the steps.

"Oh, I'm sorry Joan," I said as she climbed off of the last steps.

"It's ok, I'm kind of clumsy on this thing." She smiled, but it was an embarrassed sort of smile. 

I wasn't sorry at all. Touching her like that made me crazy. Once the steps were put up, I quickly made an excuse to go to my room. That night, I had to masturbate several times before finally going to sleep. However, it was a restless sleep tossing and turning most of the night. 

The next morning I woke up, dressed, and walked into the main living room area. Joan was standing in front of the large picture window. She was looking out towards the snow covered pine trees and the mountains rising up behind them. I walked up beside her. 

"The view never gets old from here," I said.

"It is beautiful. It's one of the reasons we retired here."

I looked down at her. She seemed melancholy and tired.

"Is everything ok Joan?"

"I am. I'm just not sure how this whole thing works itself out." She paused. "I just don't know what to do or what to think of this." She looked up at me with sad eyes.

I stepped behind her and put my hands on her shoulders. I gave a tender squeeze and softly rubbed her shoulders. 

"I have no idea either. I guess we have no choice but to take it one day at a time and hope for the best."

She leaned back against me. I moved my hands down over her arms, slipped them around her waist, and gently held her. I could smell a light floral fragrance in her hair. I pulled her closer. Her ass press up against me. I couldn't believe I was holding her like this. I became erect quickly. I'm sure she could feel me, but she seemed comfortable being held this way. 

I know it was wrong in this situation, but after we stood like this for what seemed like an eternity, I slipped my hand under her sweater and cupped one of her breasts. She wasn't wearing a bra. I leaned down to kiss her neck. She pulled away.

"I'm, I'm sorry Joe. I can't." 

She walked quickly away to her room and closed the door. I was so confused at that moment. Part of me wanted to walk right in to her room and take her. It would be easy. But, the reasonable part of me said no. I thought to myself that If we're in this for the long haul, it can't be that way. Not to mention that I really did care for her being my mother in law. 

That evening she came out of her room for dinner. We talked just like we always did. It was as if nothing had happened. At the end of the meal we both became silent. 

"Joan," I paused and took a deep breath, letting it out slowly. "I'm sorry for what happened this morning."

She hesitated a moment, as if trying to find the right words. 

"It's ok. I understand. I know you're a guy and you have needs." 

She looked down at the table, and smiled to herself. She looked up at me again, put her hand over mine, squeezed gently, and said, "It's ok Joe." She then stood up and walked quietly to her room. 

That was unusual because we always put the dishes away together. I cleared off the table and washed the dishes. I put all the dishes away in the cupboards and sat back down at the table. I poured myself a glass of wine and took a healthy drink. It was dark now so I sat in the living room with a low fire burning and decided I was going to finish that bottle. 

About an hour later, the door to Joan's room opened. Joan stepped out and leaned against the wall next to her door. She looked at me and then looked down at the floor.

"You're a good guy Joe," she said softly. "You were always good to Karen and we loved you for that." 

"I loved her very much," I said. 

The only sound was the low fire crackling in the fireplace.

"It's ok," she said softly and nodded. I looked up and she was looking straight into my eyes. "If you need to you can." She went back into her room and closed the door. 

Even though this was what I wanted, I was still surprised that she had given me permission. I sat for a moment and finished my wine. I took a deep breath and stood up. I walked over to the door and opened it. Joan was under heavy blankets facing away from the door. She'd built a nice fire in her fireplace and the shadows from the flames danced along the wall.

I sat down on the edge of the bed. I took off my shirt, shoes, pants and then underwear. I climbed into the blankets and slid next to her. I propped my head on my right arm. She was wearing light cotton pajamas. I reached for her shoulder then slid my hand over her arm.

I glided gently down to her elbow, then moved my hand from her arm to her waist. Slowly, I worked my way down over her ass. Her ass was small, but nicely shaped. I gripped each cheek in turn through her pajamas. I nudged up closer to her, my face touching her hair. That floral scent again. I reached my hand around and cupped her left breast. My erection snug against her ass. I moved her hair to the side, and kissed the back of her neck. I lingered here for a moment enjoying her scent and taste.

I pulled her back gently so she was now on her back looking up at me. I leaned down and kissed her lightly. She smiled. I kissed her again. This time she opened her mouth letting me explore with my tongue. I moved my hand along her waist to her breasts. I caressed one and then the other. They were small, not even a handful. 

I pulled her top over her head. I leaned down and began sucking gently on her nipples. They were firm and stood at rigid attention. Her areola's were like saucers and tasted like heaven. They looked even larger because of her diminutive tits. I looked up and she had closed her eyes. Her hands in my hair as I went from breast to breast. 

I was nervous and felt like a teenager having sex for the first time. I fumbled my way through pulling off her pajama bottoms and panties. I threw them off to the side. I put my arms under her legs and pulled her to me. Her legs lifted and spread wide. I looked down at my mother in law. Inviting. Beautiful. Not a view I imagined I would ever see in this lifetime. 

I lay fully on top of her, and gently kissed her. I gripped my cock, then slowly entered her. She was dry and tight. I pushed in and pulled back working a little more in each time. I guess we should've used a lubricant, especially because of her age, but I wasn't going to stop at this point. After a few moments I was able to enter her fully. I began fucking her in earnest. Her flush tits moved ever so slightly with each thrust. 

As cold as it was outside, I began to work up a sweat. So did she. She pulled her hair back and leaned into me. The firelight danced across her body. I could see individual beads of sweat between her tits. It took some time, but she was noticeably wet now. The sound of my cock pumping into her made that sodden slap that is the stuff dreams are made of. 

I moved one arm around her shoulder and gripped one of her tits with my free hand. Her large nipple between my thumb and finger. I squeezed with each thrust. She began making soft "oh" sounds. Her pussy gripped my cock and released it in perfect rhythm. I'd never felt anything like this before. A hidden talent. One my mother in law definitely had not passed down to her daughter. 

I pushed as far into her as I could and held it there. I laid fully on top of her, wrapped my arms around her and kissed her deeply. She may have been in her sixties, but at that moment she was the most beautiful woman in the world. I drank her like the finest Napa Cabernet. Savoring each drop. 

After a moment I pulled out and sat up. I was thinking about that ass. I rolled her over, grabbed her waist, and pulled her ass up and back. I maneuvered into her and pushed in. A woman's pussy feels so much different this way and hers was no exception. The pressure on the lower half of my cock was intense; almost to the point of pain.

I grabbed her cheeks and worked into her. She adjusted herself while we were fucking so I was able to penetrate her fully. Once we settled into a steady cadence, she began gripping and releasing my cock again with each thrust. Her ass jiggled and popped with each stroke. I wasn't going to last much longer. It rose gradually and built into a crescendo. I pulled out and rolled her on to her back. I leaned over her and exploded on to her tits. I came in waves. So much that a little ended up on her chin. It slowly subsided and finally ended. Her tits and chest glistened with wet streaks in the firelight. 

I fell to her side. Exhausted. Sated. Like a starved pauper having been served a King's feast. After a moment I caught my breath. I rolled over and kissed her gently on the cheek. She smiled, put her hands around my face, pulled me back, and kissed me deeply. I settled back into the bed under the heavy blankets, and fell cozily asleep. The dance of the firelight slowed to a darkening stroll; weaving its way towards a long, peaceful night.