 Author's Notes: In these stories I'm attempting something somewhat new, darker, grittier, and going a little bit further down the proverbial rabbit hole than I've gone before. I'm putting all of the tag/trigger warnings here in the beginning so that you can see some of the elements that are contained in this story so that if this is not your cup of tea, you can move on instead of leaving me flaming comments at the end. "Apocalypse Slaves" is intended to be a digest style story with no real end planned out (so please don't ask for next chapters as I'm writing this in blocks of chapters and I do have other commitments). I'll finish some of the girls' stories and then move on to other girls that are introduced along the way. So who knows for certain where this will all lead to? If you have ideas and/or suggestions I will entertain them so long as they are within reason and within the boundaries of what I'm willing to write. 

Tags include, but are not limited to, and not necessarily in this order: non-consent, reluctance, science fiction, sci-fi, apocalypse, post-apocalyptic, slave, slaves, bdsm, dystopia, dystopic, bondage, abduction, forced sex, blackmail, ravishment, kidnapping, dominance, submission, capture, captive, captured, enslavement, fetish, milking, lactation, pet play, pony girl, punishment, gangbang, auction, hucow, auction, courtesan, stripper, dancing, threesomes, foursomes, group sex, double penetration, revenge, rescue, chasing, lesbian, bisexual, milf, mature, bdsm, shower sex, breeding, forced breeding, slut, misogyny, yadda, yadda, yadda, whatever, etc... 

Now that the fair warning is out of the way, on with the story. 

* 

"The only unfair fight is the one you lose." 

-Murphy's 116th Law of Combat. 

* 

PART 1: Carla and Dawn 

CHAPTER 1: The Decision 

The settlement had been kotowed to the Bandits again and it made Carla sick to her stomach. Just like every week since the Bandits first found them they had made their demands for their tribute, the elders refused, the Bandits would attack, and the settlers subsequently surrendered from overwhelming firepower. Five months of this and the elders had yet to do anything about it. And just like every week before in that five months, Carla was blindfolded, stripped naked, and placed kneeling on a mattress in an empty room by herself with her hands tied behind her back. 

It was a game that the Bandits all liked to play with all of the women of the settlement. After the token male of the settlement was beat up in front of everyone, the women were then bound and stripped before being taken into a random closed room in a random house before they all changed things around and a random Bandit went in to take further 'tribute' from those who were of adult age. Carla could be in her own room, her parent's room, or even the Mayor's house or the so-called Sherriff's house for all she knew. 

Her head cocked slightly to the left when she heard the door open and close behind her. A blast of heat from the scorched landscape beyond followed before being stopped by the abrupt slamming of the closing door. She knew that she was at least facing a window from the way the harsh sun's heat beat down on the front of her pale nude body from the outside, filtered by some of the sun barriers that had been erected. As she heard the shuffling of the man behind her, knowing it was a man since the Bandits never took women as one of their numbers, she wondered which one it would be this time. 

She felt his weight on the mattress when he knelt down behind her. A couple of shuffles forward and he was nuzzled up behind her, his coarse, leathery hands immediately coming around to grope her breasts. "Hiya Peaches," his ragged voice whispered into her ear as he fondled her chest. "Did ya miss me?" 

Oh great... Haggard... Carla thought with disgust as she turned her face away from him. That was her, and the other girls for that matter, name for him because of his rough and raspy voice just like 'Peaches' was his name for her because of her strawberry blonde hair and plump tits. That and the fact that the soap she favored had a scent that was made from said fruit. On the list of Bandits that could've shown up Haggard was about her fourth or fifth least favorite. At least he didn't mark a conquest notch on her left calf like Knife did or whip her ass until she bled like Flogger was known to do. Had Carla had a choice, she would've much preferred to have Confessor or Tender in here. At least they treated women with at least something resembling care despite the fact that they were essentially forcing her to have sex with them. 

Carla grimaced and grit her teeth when his calloused fingers immediately attacked her sensitive pink nipples as they twisted and pulled. It was Haggard's idea of foreplay. She tried not to squirm in his grip too much to avoid grazing her toned ass up against his raging hard-on. After the first couple of times she figured out that the Bandits thrive on overpowering resisting females so the best thing for her to do at this point was to just let him have his way with her and be done with it. If she was really lucky she'd only have to pay tribute to just Haggard today and no one else. 

His hand moved from her left breast and she knew what was coming a half second before she heard him slobber all over his fore and middle fingers. Then said fingers were down between her legs, grazing past the thin wisps of her pubic hair, and attacking her already moistening slit. Carla let out an involuntary gasp and cry of alarm as the jolts of unwanted erotic pleasure shot through her. Despite clamping her mouth shut at once, this served to goad Haggard on as he parted the lips of her pussy and vigorously rubbed her clit. 

"AH!" Carla cried out, bucking back against him once as she unconsciously tried to get her sensitive nub away from the offending hand. Haggard's grip was way too powerful for her to move far. His right hand came up to clamp around her neck. She straightened up and sucked in a sudden breath through her nose while she froze, knowing all too well that he could and would squeeze until she fell unconscious. That mistake she'd made only once before with him and was thankful that she'd woken up shortly thereafter. So with a trembling lip she held still and let him do his thing. 

"Yeah, you like that... don't you?" Haggard whispered in a poor attempt at a husky voice. "You're my little slut, aren't you Peaches?" She didn't bother answering him. If she answered yes, then he might be tempted to take her away from the settlement to wherever the hell they camped at. If she answered no like she done the first time with him, then she'd get spanked until she couldn't walk for a week. Another learned item was to just keep quiet and let him think what he wanted. 

Haggard soon grew restless of playing with her. Carla then felt his hands on her shoulders pushing her forward. She landed on the mattress with a grunt of discomfort as the air was momentarily knocked from her lungs. Knowing what was coming, she widened her thighs out as much as she could in her position and tried to relax as much as possible. 

Sure enough, Haggard opened her up just enough to get the head of his cock in before driving into her painfully hard before her pussy had a chance to really open up for him. Despite the foreknowledge, she still gasped in surprise as his cock filled her up hard and fast. Rotating her torso slightly, Carla attempted to get a bit more comfortable only to be pushed down into the mattress by his big, beefy hand on the back of her neck. The message was clear; stay put. 

He withdrew slightly and then pressed into her hard with his bulk to the point that she moved forward on the mattress a couple of inches. His free hand clamped down onto her hip, holding her in place as he repeated the motion in a hard jerking motion. Carla couldn't help but grimace as he drove into her as hard and as deep as he could each time. The head of his cock slammed up against her cervix over and over again as he made sure that it would last. 

"Come on, Peaches, tighten up for me." Haggard said, giving her a quick slap on her ass before driving into her extra hard on the next thrust. "You know how I like it. I shouldn't have to remind you." 

Had she not been blindfolded, Carla would've rolled her eyes at him. Nonetheless, she flexed her loins and squeezed his cock with her pussy as tightly as possible. If nothing else to get him done quicker. Haggard let out a long, languorous sigh of pleasure as she gripped him hard. 

Now the thrusting came faster. She felt his cock become engorged inside of her. The part that she really hated was coming up and there was no way out of it. Haggard worked up to a good hard and fast rhythm. Once he was at his preferred speed, by Carla's figuring, he moved the hand pinning her down around to the front of her neck. He pulled her upright as he banged away at her, their flesh now reaching a rapid staccato as they slapped together. The hand on her hip disappeared and she heard that sickening slurping sound as he licked his fingers again. Then they went straight down to her clit where he fingered her hard while his cock pumped in and out of her. 

"GAH!" Carla cried out as her most sensitive nub was assaulted once again. Her body jerked around in his grasp as if electrified. Her breasts bounced up and down rapidly as she wiggled and writhed in an attempt to get away from the unwanted pleasure being fostered upon her. In her mind she screamed for it all to stop and tried to ignore the sexual stimulus that her body was craving. But just like before; the more she fought it and tried to suppress it the faster her peak came. 

Deep inside of her pussy she felt Haggard's cock swell and gush inside of her as it released a torrent of his seed. "Haaaaaa," he breathed in ecstasy right as he mashed his fingers down hard across her clit. That sent her spiraling over the edge as her body unleashed waves of pleasure through her body as the orgasm was forced upon her. Her body arched forward as far as it could go within his grip and she could do nothing but kneel there, trembling and shuddering in the throes of unwanted passion as his cock continued to pump and pulsate deep within her. 

Without even realizing it at first, Carla started sobbing uncontrollably. Tears trickled out from underneath of her blindfold to start streaming down her hot, flushed cheeks. It was this part that she hated the most as she hated her inability to tune out the erotic pleasure whenever the Bandits had their way with them. Deep down she envied the other women who told stories at how they were able to let the men who took them have their way while blanking everything else out. 

Haggard pulled out of her and let her go. Carla fell to the mattress and drew her knees up to her chest as she curled up into a ball. By the door, she could hear him get dressed. "Thanks for another great fuck, Peaches. I'll see ya next week provided I don't have time to bring Strawberry back to have fun with us." She could imagine his grinning, triumphant face as he brought one of her close friends in so that they both could 'pay tribute' to him. 

Before Haggard went out the door she heard him rustling around in his pockets. Then she felt him leaning over her. He shoved his fingers into her mouth and forced the pill that he now held down her throat. "Swallow," he commanded her. "We don't want any bastards of mine running around. I might actually have to take you into a civilized town then." 

Carla swallowed the bitter pill without a second thought. Ugh... RadRoot... Her stomach heaved as the awful tasting pill shaped sliver of root hit it. She hated the taste of the thing that sprouted like a weed everywhere in the wake of the Flare thanks to the cosmic radiation that nearly killed the planet and everyone on it. Then again, the last thing she wanted to do was get knocked up by a Bandit and give birth to their spawn. She'd heard stories of Bandits taking women away from settlements in chains so that they could bring forth the next generation of Bandits to harass people. The general rule of thumb amongst the women was if they use rope or nylon, you're fine. They just want to have their fun with you. If they use chains, you're theirs, and you better pray for a good master. Such a fate had already befallen her mother and Carla hoped to avoid it all the same. 

When she felt Haggard's hand using a rag to clean up his seed that was oozing from her pussy, she came to the sudden realization that she didn't want to stick around for the day when they decided to use chains on her. She wanted out of here; out of this settlement and out of everyone's lives to go make her own way in this cursed world. No longer would she be beholden to anyone else for safety. Continuing to let the tears flow at her own realizations, she wept loudly to the point that it obviously made Haggard uncomfortable as he soon left in a hurry. 

Her sobbing continued long after he had closed the door. 

* 

Carla woke with a start to hands untying her bound wrists and removing her blindfold. What a fool she had been for falling asleep like that! Stupo! Women had been taken away or enslaved for less than that! Her hazel eyes blinked as they readjusted to being open again after so long. Her head darted around to see who was with her and where she was exactly. 

"Easy," a soothing girl's voice said. 

Looking up into the concerned face of a beautiful young auburn-haired girl her own age, Carla let out a sigh of relief. "Sorry Dawn," she said, trying to still her beating heart. "I...I fell asleep." Carla rubbed her wrists and allowed Dawn to help her up into a sitting position. She noticed that Dawn was just as naked as she was. "Who'd you end up getting?" 

"Loudmouth," Dawn said with a half-frown and a wrinkle of her nose. "That man loves to yap your ear off while fucking you like he's in one of those skin-vids back in the cities." 

Carla winced. "Sorry about that. He kinda makes you wish for some of the other Bandits, doesn't he?" 

"Depends... who took you this time?" 

"Haggard." 

"Ooooh," Dawn flinched at that one and instinctively drew her own arms up to protect her voluptuous bust as if he were still in the room. "God I hate those leathery hands of his. Scratches my skin every time." She shuddered at the thought. 

Carla's eyes went wide. "He's not here, is he?" she asked, voice dropping to a frightened whisper. "He said that he was going to bring you back for us both to entertain him!" 

Dawn, or Strawberry as she was referred as by Haggard, shook her head. Her red-brown hair that dipped down past the middle of her back was the identifier that Haggard used to name her. "No. Do you think that I'd be here getting you untied if that were the case? I heard Leader come in for Loudmouth right when he was finishing up with me. Something about a rival gang had them all tearing out of here in a hurry." 

"Thank God," Carla let out another sigh of relief. "Maybe that'll keep them off of our backs for a while." If they were really lucky the rival gang would wipe them out and they'd never hear from them ever again. But she doubted that would happen. She stood up and stretched her arms and legs as they'd become stiff. "I want to go get some clothes on and see about getting out of here." 

"You want to go to the diner for some dinner?" 

Carla shook her head. "No. I mean out of here as in away from this settlement out of here." 

"Yeah, right. I've heard that before" Dawn laughed. Her eyes went wide when she saw Carla's disdainful look. "Holy shit, you're serious this time?" 

"Come with me." 

"I dunno..." Dawn said with great uncertainty, biting her lower lip. "Where would we go?" 

"I figure west; towards Vegas. I heard rumors from the trader caravans that they're getting the city back up and running again." Carla gave a half shrug. "I'm sure we could find work there." 

"As what? An escort?" Dawn snorted. 

Another shrug. "Well, at least we'd get compensation for it. If we're going to be fucked why not at least do it in luxury? It can't be any worse than here on the edge of the dustbowl." She grabbed Dawn's hands. "Please? Come with me?" 

"Fine," Dawn said, giving her a reassuring kiss on the lips. "I hate seeing you beg." 

"Great!" Carla got to her feet, suddenly renewed with a purpose. "I'll go to the workshop and get us some protection whipped up. You see to the provisions." 

"You know that the raiders will come after us, don't you?" Dawn said, eyeing her. 

"Maybe, maybe not. But like I said; it can't be any worse than what we have here. Besides, if we leave right away we can get the jump on them and be well out of here before they come back for their weekly tribute." 

* 

After getting something that resembled clothes, a tattered old white shirt that Carla had to tie in a knot under her breasts and a pair of tattered jeans that hung off of one hip, Carla was at the workshop in the process of making a couple of pipe rifles. Tinkering was a gift that she had and she'd taken a class on back in Des Moines when her family opted out of the bi-annual lottery. Cities that held survivors and refugees from the Flare became overcrowded in a hurry and so in order to maintain a healthy population and a viable, living city, people had to be exiled in order for the larger populace to survive. 

Instead of facing the prospect of being selected by the lottery for immediate exile, people had the option in the cities to "opt-out" by volunteering to leave. Usually that meant the person and their whole family. The upside to such a move was that volunteers were given classes on how to survive out in the untamed wilds and wastelands as well as enough provisions to make it to a mapped out location to start a new settlement up. 

Carla's family had made just such a move a couple of years ago when she was 18. They were doing well up until five months ago when these Raiders had stumbled upon their settlement by the lake. The elders had thought themselves safe here nestled between the growing wilderness to the east and the untamed wastelands to the west. Then all good things came to an end when the first of the Raiders showed up after learning about the new settlement's location from a group of traders. 

As she worked, her hatred seethed to the surface about her father who stood by, impassionate as ever, as both Carla and her mother were lined up for the first time, stripped naked in front of everyone in the settlement, blindfolded, and then taken away to have the Raiders force themselves upon the women. 

That was the first time and the Raiders were back the next week for more tribute and sex. Once again everyone was lined up just as before. But this time they had chains with them and some of the women were taken away, never to return. 

Her mother confided in her that she'd overheard one of their leaders talking about how they worked. Of course they needed to keep people here to encourage the settlers to do the work for them so that the Raiders could reap the rewards. Of course they'd take the best of the women with them. Carla's mother had always told her to keep her head down, do as they say, and don't arise their notice or else she might get taken as well. 

Unfortunately, her mother didn't heed her own advice. In her eagerness to keep them from beating Father up, Mother stripped off her own clothes and sucked the leader off right in front of everyone before they had a chance to do their little tradition. She was collared and chained that night and that was the last Carla had seen of her. 

The fact that Father just stood by and let it happen enraged Carla. She still refused to speak to him. 

There was a sound at the door as it creaked open. One of the men was standing there, glaring at her. His name was Joshua and he fancied himself one of the so-called 'protectors' of the settlement although he had yet to prove himself in that regard. "Get out, woman," Joshua said gruffly. "I need to make a replacement rifle and people that sleep with our enemies don't belong here." 
