 *****

Author's Notes: In these stories I'm attempting something somewhat new, darker, grittier, and going a little bit further down the proverbial rabbit hole than I've gone before. I'm putting all of the tag/trigger warnings (that I can think of) here in the beginning so that you can see some of the elements that are contained in this story so that if this is not your cup of tea, you can move on instead of leaving me flaming comments at the end. "Apocalypse Slaves" is intended to be a digest style story with no real end planned out. I'll finish some of the girls' stories and then move on to other girls that are introduced along the way. So who knows for certain where this will all lead to? If you have ideas and/or suggestions I will entertain them so long as they are within reason and within the boundaries of what I'm willing to write. And if you do decide to email me though the Literotica system, please leave an email so that I can respond. I promise that I don't bite... much.

Tags for this story include, but are not limited to, and not necessarily in this order: non-consent, reluctance, science fiction, sci-fi, apocalypse, post-apocalyptic, slave, slaves, bdsm, dystopia, dystopic, bondage, abduction, forced sex, blackmail, ravishment, kidnapping, dominance, submission, capture, captive, captured, enslavement, fetish, milking, pet play, pony girl, punishment, gangbang, hucow, threesomes, foursomes, group sex, double penetration, triple penetration, revenge, rescue, chasing, lesbian, forced lesbian, bisexual, breeding, forced breeding, slut, misogyny, humiliation, oral, anal, and so on and so forth.

In case anyone is wondering; I am taking story ideas off of picture sets that I've found on the internet. Part 1 I didn't have any specific models in mind for that story. It was just a conglomeration of photos that I drew inspiration from. For Part 2 here my model inspiration is the fetish sets done by Jenni Kohoutova (AKA: Jenni Gregg/Jenni Czech). Chapter numbering just continues from Part 1 for continuity purposes.

Once again; now that the fair warning is out of the way, on with the story.

******

"If I travel all my life and I never stop and settle down 'long as I have you by my side there's a roof above and good walls all around. You're my castle, you're my cabin, and my instant pleasure dome. I need you in my house 'cause you're my home."

-Billy Joel, "You're my Home"

*

PART 2: Jenni

Chapter 11: Waylaid

"Oh come on, dad!" Jenni complained while they were in the middle of frantic activity to get the caravans ready to roll. They were behind schedule and Jenni could tell that her father was not having any of her complaints this time. But she wasn't ready to give in just like that. "How else am I supposed to get my Republic Midlevel Trader Certification if I don't do at least one cross continental route?"

"You'll settle of your Lowlevel Certification and that's all there is to it!" her father snapped in a tone that implied that he didn't want to hear anymore.

"But I'll be confined to just Republic routes and we don't have any openings for Lowlevel Certs!" Jenni said, exasperated. "I'm twenty-two years old and you have yet to let me go beyond the Sierra-Nevadas. Why are you holding me back?"

Her father, who was also her boss, fixed her with a hard glare. "Because I need someone with your appraisal skills here at home. You just up and leaving will be enough to make half of our trading partners gun-shy at the negotiation table. I need you here and that's that."

"Really?" Jenni crossed her arms and cocked a hip out in annoyance. Her ice blue eyes glared at him hard enough to make him uneasy. "And that's it? Nothing else? You're not keeping me here just because I'm a woman and you don't think that I can make it on a trans-continental route, do you?" When he blanched and gave her a quick, guilty look, she leapt onto it. "You ARE keeping me here because of that!"

"I just want to keep you safe, sweetheart. There are a lot of raiders on the road."

"There are a lot of raiders here in the Republic! So what?" Jenni waved a hand outward to indicate the tower walls of Sacramento that their family's trading business was close to. "You think the raiders out east are any worse than the ones here?"

"I can't protect you if you leave home."

"I've gone outside the walls before, dad," Jenni said, annoyed that this conversation was even taking place."

"You're not going. Period."

"Fine. I quit then! If you won't send me on the routes I need for my certification, then I'll go to another trader who will!"

Her father rocked back as if she'd slapped him. "You wouldn't!" When she continued to glare at him he saw the conviction in her eyes. "You would. You have too much of your mother in you, God rest her soul." He made the religious gesture of piety and then shook his head. "Fine. Go. But if you get captured it's on your head. Not mine!"

"Deal."

*

The argument with her father seemed like so long ago now when in fact it had only been a couple of weeks. Now Jenni was regretting her words as the caravan leader was shoving her down into a smuggler's compartment. "Keep your head down and your mouth shut. If worst case scenario happens and we're all killed; there's a door out the bottom that you can get out of and make a run for it." He told her in a whisper as the wagon slowed to a lumbering speed.

"I don't get it; what's the big deal? I've ran into raiders before." Jenni asked in a whisper as she ducked down into the compartment.

"These aren't your run-of-the-mill raiders. These are the Farmers." He shook his head at Jenni's bemused smirk. "Don't let the name fool you; they're not food and grain farmers like we have back in the Republic. They farm one thing; Women."

"Are you serious?"

"Yes," he nodded solemnly. "And if you're captured they will force themselves upon you, inject you with hormones, and farm your breasts for their milk. Seriously? You didn't know? Where else do you think that we get milk from nowadays? It's not like we have cattle on this half of the world anymore since the Flare. Now get in and shut up." He slid the door closed overtop of her and Jenni heard the shuffling sound of something being moved on top of it.

Jenni shuddered as the realization hit her as to just how much of a sheltered life she'd been living. As the wagon lurched to a stop, she could hear the Farmers yelling at the caravan workers. Things got quiet for a while and the only thing that she could hear was a couple of men patrolling around and poking about the goods and supplies that they had. A few items here and there were removed from what Jenni could tell. She started to sweat, wondering if they'd found the door. Then the shuffling went away and she heard the raider foreman say, "Alright, get out of here." Jenni breathed a sigh of relief.

But that's when the dog that they had with them started barking.

"Hold on a minute, boss," one of the Farmers said while trying to reign in his dog, who was now barking incessantly at the wagon close to where Jenni was at. "Killer here has gotten wind of something. These traders are hiding something in there."

"You sure?" the Foreman asked.

"Oh yeah," the Farmer agreed, "Killer here has the scent of some pussy."

Inside the smuggling compartment of the wagon, Jenni froze. How could they know that she was in here? Her companions had coffee beans all around the entrance of the compartment. When Killer the Dog then started barking right underneath of her she managed to suppress a startled squeak. The dog could smell her from under the wagon.

Jenni tried to control her shaking that came over her and she huddled into a tight little ball to keep herself from moving too much. Minutes dragged by as she could hear the caravan workers arguing again with the so-called Farmers. A couple of shots rang out and the arguing ceased. More minutes of silence until she heard movement on the wagon again.

The door to the compartment flew open and Jenni couldn't help but whip her head up in that direction in wide-eyed fright. "Well sheee-it!" one of the farmers said with glee. "Lookie what we got here boys: a prime little ol' blondie!" The farmer reached in and grabbed Jenni by the hair, causing her to cry out in pain. She clambered to her feet as he pulled before his arms encircled her waist to haul her out.

"Let me go you bastard!" she screamed, fists pounding futility against his shoulders. She kicked and screamed but there was no purchase to be found. His arms were like steel as he lifted her up and over the wagon's railing to drop her into the waiting arms of his comrades.

Jenni continued kicking and screaming all she could in defiance of her captors. They all merely laughed as they carried her around to the front of the caravan. There she could see her co-workers all down on their knees at gunpoint with their hands folded over their heads. "Thought that you could smuggle a woman through our land?" the Foreman crowed at him. He clucked his tongue and shook his head at them. "Naughty, Naughty. This is gonna cost you."

"Let her go you asshole!" the caravan leader shouted at him.

Foreman fired a shot over his head that blew out the headlight of the truck. "One more word out of any of you and the next bullet I fire kills one of you AND the girl. "Now I want you all to get on out of here before I change my mind and keep all yer stuff. I'm feeling mighty generous today in lettin' you live!"

Jenni was now on her knees with a pipe gun to her head. She shook with fright as the farmers started cutting and ripping the clothes off of her. Her scared wide blue eyes locked with her boss'. Her boss made a move to say something in challenge but Jenni shook her head despite her fear. She couldn't bear it if any of them got killed because of her. "No," she whispered to him. "Don't. Save yourselves." She quietly pleaded with him as she felt her sweater and bra get cut, torn, and ripped from her chest.

She could see the conflict of emotions on her Boss' face as he reluctantly came to the same conclusion that she had done; he could either save the caravan and the rest of the crew, or he could lose it all. As Jenni was being thrown onto her back and her pants being undone, the crew boss reluctantly rounded up the workers and got them back into the trucks. "Ta-Ta now!" Forman waved with one hand as he whipped his hardening cock out with the other.

Now Jenni was crying in earnest as she watched the trucks drive off without her. She felt the last bits of her clothing being yanked off of her legs to leave her naked and exposed on the ground surrounded by these men. Forman grabbed her by the hair and yanked her to her knees. He kept a firm hold on her as he placed the tip of his manhood up to her lips. "Suck it or by the Good God above I'll have my boys bring your friends back for me to execute one by one until you do."

Jenni squeezed her eyes shut tight, opened her mouth, and took him in. Forman became angry, pulling back and slapping her so hard across the face that her cheek burned. "Look at me when you suck me off, bitch! I wanna see those pretty blue eyes of yours looking up at me like a good slave slut should!" Jenni sobbed but did as she was told out of fear of being hit again and out of fear that he'd make good on his threat. She forced herself to look up at his sneering, ugly face that had a look of pride and victory on it.

She sucked on him, gently at first but soon increased how hard she suckled on his cock at his urging. Out of the corners of her eyes she could see the other nine all stripping down, hard cocks in their stroking hands as they waited their turn.

Forman then started to fuck her face in time with her bobbing head. "Ah Gawd yeah!" he shouted right as his cock swelled and then blew. He thrust his cock down her throat hard, forcing her lips to wrap around his base. She struggled and gagged as ropes of his seed spurt down the back of her mouth to trickle down to her stomach. Her hands franticly flailed about and then found his thighs as she tried to push back. But his grip was too strong for her. Her eyes were watering as her lungs screamed for air. When he finally let her go she doubled over in a convulsing, coughing fit as she spat his cum out. More dribbled down her chin to impact on the tops of her small breasts.

"Undisciplined bitch," Forman growled, backhanding her to send her back down to the ground. "Someone tie the cunt's wrists together.

As Jenni coughed face down in the dirt, she felt her arms being wrenched painfully backwards behind her back. Then she felt something that felt like shoelaces looping around her wrists until they were firmly bound together. Then she was hoisted back up to her knees and another one of the Farmers took Forman's place in front of her. He was just as rough as Forman was; grabbing her by the back of her head and forcing his cock past her lips. Jenni gurgled as he fucked her mouth but managed to keep her eyes on his in supplication.

There was some shuffling behind her and Jenni then felt another Farmer's burly hands come around to cover her tits. She whined and winced in pain as he attacked her sensitive mounds and cruelly pinched her nipples. Jenni continued to cry in dismay as she then felt her pussy lips being spread. There was the sound of the man spitting into his hand, the sickening sound of him lubing up his own cock with in, and then the sudden, piercing pain as he was none too gently about shoving his cock up inside of her.

"So what's the verdict, Bill?" Forman asked.

Bill, the guy now fucking her, moaned with pleasure as his fingers now dug into her hips. "Not a virgin but damn she's fucking tight," he said as his cock pistoned in and out of her. "I'm gonna fucking blow!" He did so a moment later. Jenni moaned in sorrow as she felt his cock fill her up and his spunk flood her womb.

"Well, hell," the Farmer fucking her face commented. "If her pussy is that tight, maybe so is her ass. I call dibs on that!" He pulled out of her mouth and shooed Bill away as he pulled out.

"Hold on there, Kev," another one said. "Put that blonde bitch on my cock before you take her ass," he beckoned him over to where he was laying out on his own clothes.

Kev pulled Jenni over to him. Jenni's eyes went wide at the size of his cock. The man was built like some muscular athlete and had a cock to be proud of. Kev lifted her up and impaled her onto his waiting manhood. Jenni cried out in pain as she was quickly speared and her mouth stayed open in a wordless scream as her pussy strained to accommodate his largeness. Kev then pushed her forward where Athlete then held her in place by placing his hands on the back of her neck. Athlete's lips met hers and his tongue was invading her mouth a second later while Jenni felt her ass cheeks being spread open by Kev.

Guiding his now well-lubed cock up to her back opening, Kev eased himself into her back passage. Jenni squeaked as she felt her ass being invaded and squirmed in their grasp. Athlete held her in place and continued to forcibly make out with her while Kev's cock continued to push into her inch by inch. Finally, he was all the way in and Jenni was filled up in both of her holes. Another Farmer, number five by her count in the back of her mind, made use of her now available mouth. He took over holding her by her hair, wrenching her upwards so that he could then drive his hardness through her lips.

Kev started fucking her ass and took great pleasure in spanking her as he did. Athlete's cock moved inside of her pussy every time Kev's cock went in and out of her ass. Farmer Five had her head wrenched to the side and was pumping his hips back and forth to make love to her mouth while Athlete's mouth found her left breast and his hand found her right one.

"Ungh... ungk... uk..." Jenni grunted with each thrust into her. She'd never been taken in such a way before and the whole ordeal was overwhelming. In her mind she'd gone from a respectable trader to a living fuck toy in the span of minutes. As Bill had surmised, she wasn't a virgin. She'd had lovers back home. It wasn't even the first time she'd had anal sex either or given anyone a blowjob. But to have all three of her holes invaded at once by people forcing themselves upon her? That was a new experience.

Then what was really unexpected for her was the fact that her mind pretty much shut down and she was doing nothing but feeling. Her nipples stiffened and responded to the attention that Athlete was giving them. Her clit tore across the base of his cock every time Kev plunged into her from behind. She could feel their two cocks moving inside of her, separated only by a thin wall of tissue. "Hnngh..." she moaned as her eyes started rolling back into her head while warmth started to pool within her loins. Then her body betrayed her right when Athlete and Kev sudden came inside of her. She went right over the edge with them as her body exploded into a blinding orgasm, the most intense she'd ever felt in her life. Her body shook violently and gyrated between the three men before she finally felt limp in their grasp.

"Fuck! She enjoyed that!" she heard someone say. The voice sounded distant as she was still lost in the haze of sexual bliss. She was vaguely aware that Athlete and Kev had both pulled out of her and were stepping away only to be replaced by Farmers Six and Seven. Five came down her throat during the exchange of men inside of her. Six and Seven proceeded to fuck her hard and fast while Eight then stepped up to take a blowjob.

"Good," She heard Forman saying, "Shepard will be pleased with that. Now y'all hurry up with her so that we can get back. The men obliged him. Six and Seven were blowing their loads into her a minute later followed by Farmer Eight forcing her to take all of his load down her throat in a similar fashion to what Forman did at the beginning.

Farmer Nine, flipped her onto her back and drove into her missionary style. Jenni was now delirious from the constant fucking and could feel that now familiar warmth coming back. Nine's powerful hand clamped down around her throat to force her to look up at him. He had a dark, sinister look about him as his eyes bored down into her very soul. Something primal welled up inside of her as she felt like helpless prey being taken by a savage hunter. Well, in reality, isn't that what happened? On some subconscious level, Jenni's body accepted this and she found herself drawing her legs up in submission in order to take all of him inside of her. He smiled at this and a couple of thrusts later his seed was shooting out of his cock to join with the others' that had already filled her womb. Before pulling out, he gave her a rough kiss on the lips, his tongue forcibly invading her mouth for a moment.

Number Ten had been waiting a long time and despite feeling sore and exhausted, Jenni kept her legs drawn up and spread for him as he entered her. He didn't seem to mind being last and so fucked her with great gusto. He too placed his hand around her neck to keep her pinned in place but he leaned down to attack her right breast with his mouth. His tongue darted out to tease and torment her hard nipple as he fucked her hard and fast. "Oh God..." Jenni whispered as he got her just right and she was pushed climax once again. This time when she screamed it was in passion as the orgasm engulfed her. Her thighs squeezed Ten's midsection as her pussy clamped down hard around his manhood.

It wasn't until she came down from the erotic high did Jenni realize that she'd arched her back and was yelling louder than before. Once it was over and Ten had gotten off of her, she rolled into a ball onto her side and began to cry again. She was crying so hard that she didn't even notice Forman slipping a leather collar around her neck. Her stomach heaved and convulsed violently with her renewed sobbing. She hated everything in that moment. She hated these men for kidnapping her from the caravan. She hated the caravan for leaving her behind even though intellectually she knew it was the right choice for them to make. She hated all of these so-called 'farmers' for forcing themselves upon her. She hated the fact that she'd been forced to orgasm.
