 *****

Author's Notes: In these stories I'm attempting something somewhat new, darker, grittier, and going a little bit further down the proverbial rabbit hole than I've gone before. I'm putting all of the tag/trigger warnings (that I can think of) here in the beginning so that you can see some of the elements that are contained in this story so that if this is not your cup of tea, you can move on instead of leaving me flaming comments at the end. "Apocalypse Slaves" is intended to be a digest style story with no real end planned out. I'll finish some of the girls' stories and then move on to other girls that are introduced along the way. So who knows for certain where this will all lead to? If you have ideas and/or suggestions I will entertain them so long as they are within reason and within the boundaries of what I'm willing to write. And if you do decide to email me though the Literotica system, please leave an email so that I can respond. I promise that I don't bite... much.

Tags for this story include, but are not limited to, and not necessarily in this order: non-consent, reluctance, science fiction, sci-fi, apocalypse, post-apocalyptic, slave, slaves, bdsm, volunteer slaves, dystopia, dystopic, bondage, abduction, forced sex, blackmail, ravishment, kidnapping, dominance, submission, capture, captive, captured, enslavement, fetish, milking, pet play, pony girl, punishment, fucking machines, gangbang, hucow, mind break, mind-breaking, mind control, threesomes, foursomes, group sex, double penetration, triple penetration, revenge, rescue, chasing, lesbian, forced lesbian, bisexual, breeding, forced breeding, slut, misogyny, non-consent, reluctance, humiliation, oral, anal, and so on and so forth.

In case anyone is wondering; I am taking story ideas and inspiration from picture sets that I've found on the internet. For Part 3 here my model inspirations for the slaves are Tanya Song (AKA: Anna Song from various websites like Nadine and XL Girls), Marry Queen (AKA: Miela/Miroslava Holzapflova from MetArt and Virtual Girl), and Carol G (Carol Goldnerova from Virtual Girl and DDF). Chapter numbering just continues from Parts 1 and 2 for continuity purposes.

Now that the fair warning is out of the way, on with the story.

******

"I just want you to know that even though you TRIED to have me terminated, revenge is not an ideal that we promote on my planet... but we're not on MY planet, are we?"

-Buzz Lightyear, Toy Story

*

PART 3: Tanya and Mary

CHAPTER 19: Abducted!

"NO!" Tanya managed to tear away from the raider holding her to rush to her husband's bloody and beaten body. She threw herself over him, shielding him, before the other now-startled raider could level his pistol to finish him off. "Please," Tanya cried, cradling her husband's battered head and keeping herself between him and the raiders, "Please... don't kill him!"

"Well, this is interesting, the raider with the pistol chuckled. And why would we keep him alive after he killed so many of our fellow Puritans? Hm?" His body was outlined by the fires coming up from what used to be their fields of crops. Black smoke started to blot out the sun as it billowed upwards.

"You attacked us!" Tanya shouted up at him in a fit of hysterics while looking at him defiantly.

"Tanya..." Adam gasped underneath of her in pain. "Don't..."

But Tanya disregard her husband's warnings. "We have been peaceful. We have given you our 'tribute' in food every time that you came by. Why have you now done this to us?"

"Because things change, bitch." Pistol snarled down at her. "So if you want us to keep him alive you are going to have to give us something good! Something better!"

"You've already taken everything of ours!" Tanya waved back to her and Adam's homestead that was now pockmarked with bullet holes. The inside was ransacked. The doors and windows were broken and beyond their crop fields lay in disarray where the raiders... these so-called 'Puritans'... had pulled up every bit of fruit and vegetable that they could find before they set fire to them. "What more do you want?"

Pistol smirked as he stepped closer and used the barrel of his weapon to brush a few strands of Tanya's raven hair off of her shoulder. "I'm sure that you already know the answer to that question which is why we kept you off to the side while we dealt with hubby there."

Adam shifted with renewed energy and purpose. "Tanya! No!" he pleaded.

"Shhhh," Tanya smiled sadly down at him and brushed his matted hair back away from his bloodied face. "You know they're going to do it anyway," she whispered to him through the tears now dripping from her eyes. "At least I can keep you alive this way." Tanya gave him a quick kiss on the forehead before gently laying him back down onto the ground.

"Fine," she said in a hollow voice as she turned on her knees to face Pistol. He motioned for her to crawl his way until they were a respectable distance away from her husband, then he motioned for her to strip. While kneeling on the ground and keeping her eyes downcast so that she would've have to see the look of triumph on Pistol's face, Tanya started unbuttoning her shirt.

Behind her, a couple of raiders grabbed Adam and dragged him back towards the nearest portion of the fence where they proceeded to tie him into place. Tanya stopped, looked at them with horror, then looked back at Pistol. "What are they doing! You said that you weren't going to kill him!" she asked pointing back in their direction. She turned and winced as she saw how tight they were tying the ropes. They were to the point that it was cutting into his skin.

"Not really," Pistol shrugged. "But think of this as insurance: Hubby is going to be tied down there so that he won't get any ideas of any last minute heroics and my friends are going to keep him company with their guns trained on him in case you get any ideas of being feisty. Say, for example, if you get it through your pretty little head to bite my dick off when it's lodged down your throat here in a minute." He motioned with his pistol. "Now come on, we don't got all day."

Tanya squeezed her eyes shut as a pained look crossed her face. She continued unbuttoning her torn blouse all the way down to the last button before slowly shucking it off of her shoulders and dropping it to the side. That was when the catcalls and whistles from the Puritans started. Trying to conceal her embarrassment, she reached back and unclasped her bra, letting her large, heavy breasts fall free. Tanya draped one arm over them to keep them in place and slightly covered as the bra then joined her blouse on the ground.

"Damn," one guy nearby remarked, "get a load of those jugs! Those have got to be Triple Ds at least!"

Face now burning with shame, Tanya mentally though about how she was an 44H with a 24 waist and 37 hips, a fact that she knew only because she'd happened to luck upon clothes one time that fit her perfectly while out scavenging. 'Hourglass figure' and 'voluptuous' was how she was described by people. It seemed that when she hit puberty her breasts seemed to never stop growing until she hit her twenties. It wasn't something that she thought about now as she was married and pushing 30. But now with every male raider on her ranch now ogling her she was as self-conscious about them as ever.

"Come on, come on, drop the arms and get those pants off in a hurry," Pistol complained in front of her when she started undoing the buttons on her jeans with only one hand while kicking her shoes off with her feet behind her. To emphasize his remark, Pistol put the barrel of his gun up under her chin to lift her face up to him. She opened her eyes to see his glowering expression that told her not to screw around. Knowing that he was not in the mood to be trifled with, she did as she was told by using both hands to undo and wiggle out of her tight jeans while still kneeling. The raiders got a good look at her voluptuous chest in the process that prompted more hoots, hollers, and cat-calls.

The last thing to come off were the lacy black panties that she'd come across the last time she went into town to do some scavenging. Tanya had worn them as a surprise for Adam and was about to spring said surprise on him when the Puritans attacked. Once she was naked, her arms came back up to cover her chest as much as possible while a hand drifted down to cover her trimmed pussy.

"Ah, ah, ah," Pistol admonished her. "Don't you dare cover up! Kneel with your back straight! Don't slouch, and get those knees apart." He grabbed her by the hair to pull her up into a proper kneeling position while kicking her knees apart with his boot. "Get those hands of yours down on your knees, palms up!" He grabbed a wrist and placed it just how he wanted it. "And keep your head facing down in proper supplication. That is how you are to kneel in our presence. Got it?"

"Yes," Tanya growled out, her whole body shaking with contained anger, fury, shame, and embarrassment. The tears dripped off of her burning cheeks down onto the tops of her breasts to trickle down off the sides.

"Yes, master," Pistol corrected her, using his gun to caress her tear stained, flushed cheeks to remind her who was in charge here.

"Yes... master..." Tanya said, her voice hollow. She tried not to think about what Adam might be thinking; watching his wife give this scumbag raider what he wanted.

Pistol holstered his weapon, stepped up to her, undid the fly of his jeans, and whipped his cock out right in front of her. He then waited there expectantly for her. Tanya's eyes flicked up to his with a hint of anger in them before she reached up for his cock. Pistol slapped them away. "Use your mouth, cunt!" he yelled at her. "You keep those hands where they belong unless you're told otherwise!"

Face twisting in revulsion, Tanya took a deep, steadying breath and leaned forward. She dipped her head slightly, lifted her chin up, and opened her mouth to catch the tip of his cock. She froze when he heard the sound of his gun being drawn and the hammer being cocked back. "Remember, no biting or else hubby dies immediately and you won't be too far behind him.

That thought hadn't even crossed her mind. All she was concerned with now was letting Pistol have his way with her so that they'd leave. She swallowed hard and continued taking his cock into her mouth. He was still soft but it was growing rapidly. Wrapping her ruby red lips around the base of his shaft, Tanya sucked hard. Pistol let out a gasp of pleasure as she continued sucking while pulling her head back. He seemed to go hard inside of her mouth almost instantly.

Pistol lost all semblance of control by grabbing the back of her head and pumping his hips towards her face. "God you sure do know how to give a blowjob, don't you bitch?" He fucked her face hard while she continued sucking on him. A few seconds later he was blowing his load down her throat and holding her head in place while he rammed his cock into her mouth as far as it could go.

Tanya's eyes went wide and she struggled for air as his cock throbbed and pulsated inside of her hot mouth. Almost on pure reflex, she started swallowing just to make sure she didn't suffocate by his sperm going down her windpipe instead. The edges of her eyesight went dark as she feared that she was going to pass out. Then finally he was pulling out of her. She doubled over in a coughing fit as her lungs burned for much needed air, chest heaving in the process.

Before she could do anything else, the two raiders that were holding Adam at gunpoint were on her. One of them sat down in front of her, grabbed her ample tits by the nipples, and pulled hard. Tanya cried out in pain and had no choice but to shuffle forward onto his waiting lap. She saw that he'd already had his pants down a bit and was sporting a raging hard-on. Once she was over him, he grabbed her by the hips, thrust his pelvis upward, and speared her neatly trimmed pussy. Even here in the wake of the apocalypse, she still wanted to keep herself groomed downstairs for her husband and now all it was doing was goading the raiders on.

Part of Tanya's mind cursed her body and her pussy for moistening up while she was giving head to Pistol. Another part of her mind was thankful that her body was responding to the sexual stimulus in preparation to being penetrated or else Puller underneath of her would've really hurt her otherwise. Puller put his hands around the back of her neck and yanked her down to him until her bare tits were pressed up hard against his bare chest and leather harness that he wore. She then heard the guy behind her spit into his hand and she had a good idea what was coming next.

Despite trying to will her body to relax, it still hurt when Spitter shoved his freshly lubed up penis up her bubbly, round ass. While she'd merely grunted in discomfort when Puller penetrated her, she cried out when Spitter plowed up into her to double penetrate her body. Tanya got a quick glance behind her to see that Pistol was now holding Adam at bay while his two cohorts here fucked her. Not that her really had to since her husband was tied out. No, the gun on him was to keep her in line. Oh God, Adam, don't look at me... she thought, tears streaming from her eyes.

Spitter wasted no time in grabbing her hips and driving into her so hard that she had to put her arms down on the ground on either side of Puller to keep up. Puller took advantage of her large assets dangling in his face to start suckling on one while feeling up the other. Tanya did a half-moan/half-whine of dismay as she felt both of their cocks moving inside of her every time Spitter pushed in while her breasts were being stimulated. She tried to close off her mind but it just couldn't ignore the wild, animalistic passion that came with sex.

"Nngh... AH... Urgh..." Tanya grunted through clenched teeth as she attempted to distance her mind from the present. She just couldn't. Puller was alternating hard nipples of hers to suck on while pinching and pulling the free one. Spitter was in a good rhythm behind her, pounding away at her ass. The sound of their skin slapping against each other permeated in the air. It was just a matter of time, in Tanya's opinion, before they forced her over the edge. She didn't want to give them that satisfaction. Her only hope now was that they got off and got out of her before she lost control.

But then Spitter, who was really getting into his ass-fucking her, moved his hands up to around her neck to get her to arch her back and rotate her hips back towards him for better leverage. "AHH!" Tanya cried out as her clit was now tearing along the fly of Puller's jeans underneath of her. "GOD! NO!" She pleaded with whatever deity that might hear her. God, please, don't let me cum! She cried out in her mind. Unfortunately, the more she fought it the faster it seemed to approach.

Then she felt Puller's cock swell inside of her followed by a gush of his thick semen as it splashed inside of her inner walls. Due to years of making love to her husband in which they tried desperately to conceive, her pussy instinctively clamped around his cock to squeeze it hard. It was a reflex reaction. Her ass tightened as a result and it sent Spitter over the edge. He gave out a gasp of relief as his cock spurt deep inside of her bowels and his balls emptied their contents into her.

With the two men's cocks now pumping their seed into her, and with Spitter's hands around her neck along with Puller's hands and mouth on her breasts, Tanya came. The forced orgasm ripped through her so hard that she nearly blacked out. "Oh God no..." she whispered as her body shuddered in the throes of ecstasy.

"Heh, so she likes getting double teamed with hubby watching, huh?" Pistol said. "Strap her to my ATV and I'll fuck the bitch on the way home!" he ordered.

"You were going to let us go!" Tanya cried as Spitter and Puller pushed her aside, hiked up their pants, and then grabbed her by either arm, dragging her backwards towards their boss' ride.

"No, I promised that we'd let hubby live. Though I doubt that he'll live long tied to this post out here by his lonesome self." Pistol said with glee as he whipped his hard cock out while his gang made Tanya straddle the seat of the ATV before tying her wrists to the handlebars. Pistol shoved his cock up into her sopping wet pussy, making her grunt and arch her back in the process.

"Adam? ADAM!" she screamed for her husband while trying to look back. As Pistol revved the engine and tore out of there, Tanya got one last fleeting look of him, disappearing behind them while he got pistol whipped across the head by the goons while the farm burned to the ground further on.

"Forget him now, bitch," Pistol said, slapping her hard on the ass, letting the bumps in the road do the job of fucking her as they rode on. "You belong to us now!"

***

CHAPTER 20: Recovery and Training

Tanya was worn out by the time they arrived at the Puritan Enclave well after nightfall. Part of it was from the ride where her calves, thighs, and arms were tired from being lashed into position on the ATV. The other part of it was from where Pistol continually fucked her on the way back to the Puritan Enclave. He blew his load into her twice during the ride. Tanya was thankful that she didn't derive any pleasure from it or was forced to orgasm because of it. In the back of her mind, Adam was as good as dead. The raiders knocked him senseless, presumably knocking him out, before leaving him tied to the fence. She figured that he didn't have long. If he didn't bleed out then he'd die of dehydration within a day... maybe two.

She was silent and sullen when Pistol stopped the ATV in their parking area and then cut the straps holding her in place. He then whipped his belt off, looping it around her neck and latching it in place. "Walk, bitch," he growled at her, looking her dead into her tear-filled eyes. Then he led her farther in. Around them, raiders hooted, hollered, and cheered as they saw their newest prize being led in. Tanya simply hung her head in defeat, felling hollow and empty inside. I just wanna die...she thought as she started at the ground, watching her tears fall from her face.

They got to a main communal area where Tanya saw that there were more women and girls of varying body types and colors all arrayed around what used to be a circular water fountain. All of them were laying on mattresses with their necks and wrists in hard, metal restraints. The metal collar went around the neck while two rods went out to either side where their wrists were then restrained as if they were in a mobile pillory. There were men all around them as they fucked the helpless women without any regard to their well-being. Each of the women looked as dead and empty as Tanya felt. A few were actively engaging the men while the others just laid there with blank, distant eyes while they were fucked hard and fast by the men.

Pistol led Tanya over to an empty mattress. Another raider was waiting there with a mobile pillory for her. She felt the cold steel get locked around her neck before her wrists were shackled into place about shoulder length out. It looked like she had her hands up as if she were meekly surrendering at gunpoint. Once she was bound by the steel, he pushed her backwards onto the mattress. Tanya let out a grunt as she hit, her black hair splaying all about. She just rolled her head to the side as Pistol kicked her legs wide open and then whistled to the gang that she was available.

It didn't take long before a raider was kneeling between her thighs, hiking her knees up on either side of him, and driving his cock into her. Her whole body jerked as her still dripping wet pussy was cruelly penetrated. Her breasts swayed up and down her body in time with his hard thrusts. Tanya's eyes lost focus as she just let him take her without a fuss. What was the point now? Everything she had was now gone. Another raider knelt up by her head, grabbed a fistful of her hair, and shoved his cock into her mouth. She relaxed her jaw and just hung it open for him to fuck her face.
