 *****

Author's Notes: In these stories I'm attempting something somewhat new, darker, grittier, and going a little bit further down the proverbial rabbit hole than I've gone before. I'm putting all of the tag/trigger warnings (that I can think of) here in the beginning so that you can see some of the elements that are contained in this story so that if this is not your cup of tea, you can move on instead of leaving me flaming comments at the end. "Apocalypse Slaves" is intended to be a digest style story with no real end planned out. I'll finish some of the girls' stories and then move on to other girls that are introduced along the way. So who knows for certain where this will all lead to? If you have ideas and/or suggestions I will entertain them so long as they are within reason and within the boundaries of what I'm willing to write. And if you do decide to email me though the Literotica system, please leave an email so that I can respond. I promise that I don't bite... much.

Tags for this story include, but are not limited to, and not necessarily in this order: non-consent, reluctance, science fiction, sci-fi, apocalypse, post-apocalyptic, slave, slaves, bdsm, volunteer slaves, dystopia, dystopic, bondage, abduction, forced sex, blackmail, ravishment, kidnapping, dominance, maids, submission, capture, captive, captured, enslavement, fetish, punishment, fucking machines, gangbang, mind break, mind-breaking, mind control, control, blackmail, threesomes, foursomes, group sex, double penetration, triple penetration, revenge, rescue, chasing, misogyny, reluctance, humiliation, escort, prostitution, courtesan, coercion, oral, anal, choking, masturbation, display, fuckdoll, and so on and so forth.

In case anyone is wondering; I am taking story ideas and inspiration from various models and/or picture sets that I've found on the internet. For Part 4 here my model inspiration is actress Veronica Lauren (Days of our Lives, American Pie, Homeward Bound 1 & 2). Chapter numbering just continues from previous parts for continuity purposes.

Now that the fair warning is out of the way, on with the story.

*****

Once a beautiful Miss America married Mister Right... had a little baby girl, born on a stormy night. But that was once upon a time, now it's a brand-new world. Gimme the future, gimme the future, gimme the future with a modern girl.

-Meat Loaf, "Modern Girl"

***

PART 4: Lauren

CHAPTER 29: Blackmailed

Caine... Man or Myth?

In the old State of Ohio, in an old, but not yet abandoned city, there is a statue erected in his honor that reads "The Hero of Canton: Caine"

In the outskirts of the D.C. Hab there is a memorial erected to the men and women who fought and died there. The plaque says: "To those brave soldiers who were murdered by Caine."

Even out on the distant shores of the California Republic there are those in the government who vilify the name Caine while people in bars silently lift a glass in Caine's honor.

Legend says that he came from the unholy union of a Raider King from the depths of hell and an Angel from on heaven on high. People either love him or hate him but the fact remains that everyone knows who he is. But who is he, really? This ongoing investigative report will examine the origins of North America's most notorious figure-

"Lauren," one of the beautiful executive secretaries said as she passed by Lauren's desk, causing the petite brunette to look up from her editorial work on the infamous Caine with shock. Worry etched her blue-green eyes as it wasn't often she received word from one of the exec's workers. "The CEO would like to see you in his office," she said somberly, handing a notice memo to her.

"Me?" Lauren asked, dread welling up in her stomach. That feeling was compounded by the sad look in the secretary's eyes and the resigned tone of her voice. "Why me? I mean I just started here not too long ago." She looked at the memo handed to her and it clearly had her name on it with a command to report upstairs. After plugging away in the proverbial trenches for months she finally landed her dream position in the news section that started with her life's pursuit; a documentary on Caine. "Why does the boss want to see me?"

The secretary looked uncertain and then her eyes darted back and forth to the sides as if looking for something before she leaned in. "Do yourself a favor;" she whispered, "don't fight it and try to relax as much as possible." With that ominous warning, the secretary hurried off.

What does that mean? Lauren wondered as she headed for the elevator with the summons clutched in her hand. She punched the button for the floor indicated and the elevator started to rise. After a couple of floors the back wall cleared the outer wall of the building and the glass wall of the elevator showed the view of the Kansas City Hab in all of its splendor. The crackling blue shield dome above protected them from the harsh rays of the sun and kept the dust storms that came in from the wastes at bay.

Despite the beautiful view, Lauren couldn't enjoy it as the fear was still gripping her. She'd only met the CEO once and that was during his annual walk-though of the building. He seemed nice enough of a man, albeit a bit average looking. He smiled at her, shook her hand, and she'd smiled back and that was all there was to it.

The elevator stopped and the doors slid open. Lauren walked cautiously out. "Inside," the CEO Secretary said, pointing over her shoulder without looking up from her work.

"Uhm... thanks." Lauren said as she pushed the doors open into the spacious CEO Office.

CEO Richard Gatling sat behind his desk with his hands steepled in front of him. "Sit," he said, indicating the chair across from him. Lauren did as she was told, hands nervously wringing on her lap. She tried to stop and instead tried to smooth out the wrinkles of her suit skirt that was required wear for her position.

"Miss Lauren," Mr. Gatling said without preamble as he read over her file. "It says here that you've been with us for six months now."

"Yes, sir," She nodded.

"High marks in school, recently graduated, currently in our journalism internship program, and you've scored high on all aptitude tests." Gatling noted. He sat the folder aside and folded his hands on the desk in front of him. "Tell me; why did you join our firm? Honestly?"

"Uhm..." Lauren blinked, taken off guard by the question. "Well, sir, I've always wanted to write the news and I hope to earn my place in society here in Kansas City." She gave a half shrug. "And, I guess, with each position that a family works, it is one less ticket of ours that goes into the lottery. The higher you are in society, that's one less ticket that is entered."

"Ah. I see. So, by working hard you hope to move up so that you have virtually no tickets submitted each year, correct?" Gatling said, nodding thoughtfully. "Well, I can easily help with that though our corporate mentorship program."  "Really?" Lauren perked up at that.

"Absolutely. My program will guarantee that not only you will stay off the lottery list completely, but your family as well." He said, smiling broadly.

Lauren brushed a strand of her long, brown hair out of the way from her face. This sounded way too good to be true. "What's the catch?"

"No catch; all you have to do is whatever I say," Gatling said. "You can start by removing that blazer of yours. I think that it doesn't compliment your figure at all."

"What?" Lauren blinked, scarcely believing how this conversation had turned. She'd heard the stories, of course, of bosses taking advantage of their female employees but that sort of behavior was reserved for outside a Hab... not inside. "Uhm... I think I should go, sir." She said, suddenly standing up and heading back for the door.

"If you feel that way, fine," Gatling's voice followed her out, "but I think that you'll find yourself with double the amount of tickets in the lottery next year." She stopped in her tracks. "Tack onto the fact that you'll be fired immediately and a black mark from me will all but guarantee that you will not find employment anywhere else in the city. You'll rack up even more tickets from being out of work. That should be a sure-fire selection for next year's exiles, don't you think?"

Lauren's shoulders slumped. She had been reaching for the doorknob and fell short. She couldn't afford to be fired; she'd be a liability to her family. She'd be the reason they all got exiled. Almost as if he was reading her mind, Mr. Gatling chimed into her thoughts. "Your mother, a nice ripe age of 38, she had your older sister right when she was 18 didn't she? Anyway, she's lived her whole life in the Hab. People like that don't last more than a day out in the wastes." He made a tsk sound. "She'd be on a raider auction block in no time. Your older sister, just turned 20 since you two are so close in birth dates, she'd go over real well since from her profile photos she's fuller in the hips and the breasts. She has that natural beauty that makes other people jealous whereas you just have that plain, redheaded, 'girl next door' look going for you."

Her hand was hovering over the doorknob and it was shaking now. Her family had so much to lose. "Then there is your father," Mr. Gatling said. "Prominent businessman here in the KC Hab; he's got ties all over the place. To be exiled in the lottery? Well he'd still be able to do business. But if it came out that it was because his daughter didn't mesh well with my business?" More tsks. "Well, I think that the public would just hang him and be done with it. The public, after all, is fickle that way."

Lauren's hand dropped to her side and she hung her head in defeat. He had her and she knew it. What's more, he knew it as well for when she turned back towards his desk he was beaming in victory. "Good girl." He pointed over to his side as he turned his chair in that direction. "Stand here in front of me, now."

Her eyes burned with hatred and shame as tears welled up. It wasn't fair. "You shouldn't be able to do this." She said, voice barely above a whisper. "It's not right."

Her boss snickered. "Who do you think is going to come and save you? The Rets from out west? The Rangers from down south? Your beloved Caine, even that you're writing a piece on?" he snorted. "Please. Let me settle that right now: the man is a myth." He snapped his fingers impatiently for her to hurry up while she walked. "There are no heroes left in the world and now it's just survival of the fittest. Now get that pretty little ass of yours over here."

"Yes, sir." Lauren mumbled as she moved in front of him, face downcast and hands folded down in front of her belly.

"Since you just graduated, you still have your high school uniform, don't you?" Gatling asked. She nodded. "Good, that will be your uniform to signify your internship to me. You will wear that to work tomorrow. In the meantime, remove your blouse."

Lauren reached up and fumbled with the buttons of her shirt but eventually had it open. She took it off and dropped it to the floor without any flair or fanfare. "Good. Now the skirt and your pumps. I tell you; secretary blazer skirts are far too a conservative a look for girls like you, but ah well," he sighed with mock distress. "Off with it!" He ordered. She flinched at the sharp bark and reached back, unzipped it and let it drop to the floor to pool around her ankles before kicking off her shoes. Fidgeting slightly, she stood there in an embarrassed silence in just her matching lace black bra, panties, garters, and hose while her boss leered at her.

Gatling stood up and walked behind her. Lauren stiffened when he reached out and placed his hands onto her shoulders. The words of the secretary who first sent her up here came back to Lauren; Don't fight it... relax... Now Lauren knew what she'd been talking about. Gatling guided her to the right just a little until she was facing the side of his massive wooden desk. Looking down, Lauren now caught on that this side of the desk was conspicuously bare and she couldn't help but wonder how many other girls just like her had been deflowered right here as she was about to be.

She felt pressure on the backs of her shoulders as Mr. Gatling pushed her forward. Lauren bent forward at the waist, placing her hands on the short edge of the desk. "Every time you come in here," Mr. Gatling whispered in a gleeful, husky voice into her ear, "you'll come to this side of the desk so I can fuck you however I please. If you please me; you will do well in this company and your family will be provided for. If you displease me; there will be consequences. Understand?" He asked her. She whimpered and managed a series of quick, shaky nods. "Good." His hands traveled down her back to undo the clasps of her bra.

Lauren couldn't help but let out a loud sob as her modest breasts fell free. She continued crying as his hands then brushed the straps off her shoulders and then reached around her to feel her up. His hands cupped her twin mounds, squeezed them, kneaded them, and rolled her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers to get them nice and hard. It wasn't the only thing hard as she felt his cock bulging out from his trousers as he nuzzled up behind her. His hips were gyrating up against her scantily clad ass and she could feel his arousal as it got more insistent.

Gatling pulled the bra down her arms to get the garment out of the way, making Lauren lift her arms up off the desk long enough for him to get the bra totally gone. He flung it over his shoulder and then went back to giving her breasts attention, listening to her whine and moan. "Go ahead; get it out. I don't mind." He told her as he molested her tits and nipples. "In fact; I'll enjoy it even more. I always enjoy these initial meetings with my interns," he chortled. He then pushed her down further until her forearms were resting on his desk. Once she was bent forward all the way, he reached down to pull her panties down her legs. "Cross your ankles," he ordered as he was kneeling behind her, examining her pussy. She did as ordered and he took the time to twist, and tie the panties to keep her ankles in that position. "If I ever order you to bend over my desk, this is the position that you'll be in, understand?"

"Yes, sir," Lauren whined from on top of the desk.

"Good," He stood up and slid his hand over her folds that were now visible with her bent over. He slid his index finger into her and found that she was already wet. "Anticipation... good..." he said, inhaling her scent. "But not a virgin. Who'd you lose it to?"

"A boyfriend back in school," Lauren replied, her tone now sounding defeated.

"How many partners have you had?"

"Four."

"Well there is something to be said about the vigor of youth. I'll be your only one for a while until I tire of you," Gatling said as he continued fingering her. "I don't share often with others and when I do it will be for my benefit or to reward a hard-working employee."

Fuck... Lauren thought as she slid her arms out to either side, placing her upper body full on the desk as she waited for the inevitable to happen. She heard his fly unzip and the shuffling of his clothes. Lauren took a deep, calming breath and closed her eyes. A moment later her body jerked as Mr. Gatling roughly speared his hard cock into her waiting pussy. She hissed in a breath as her body felt the jab of pain and then the warmth of sexual contact spread throughout her body. Her hands tensed and flexed as Gatling pushed further and further into her. "Damn, you're tight," he sighed once his cock was into her all the way to the hilt.

He had his legs spread shoulder wide, on either side of her panty bound ankles. His hands rested onto her ass and he jerked his pelvis out and thrust back into her in one sharp move. Lauren hissed again as she was penetrated a second time... then a third... and then a fourth.

Gatling lasted all of ten thrusts, according to Lauren's mental count. She then felt that familiar sensation of a cock twitching as cum flowed into her, filling her up. His hands dug into her flesh as he enjoyed his orgasm. When his cock spurt out the last of his seed into her, he finally pulled out and stepped away. "Get up, turn around, and get down on your knees in front of me," he ordered her. It took her some shuffling to be able to do so since her ankles were still crossed and tied by her own panties, but she managed. "Be faster next time." He admonished her while presenting his cock to her face. "Clean me off." He glowered at her when she looked up at him with a questioning glance. "With your mouth, bitch," he said, grabbing her chestnut hair and roughly pulling forward.

"OW!" was all that Lauren managed to get out before his cock was stuffed into her mouth. She gurgled a bit but started licking and sucking on it to get both his cum and her juices off. It was a weird taste for her as she'd never tasted herself before.

"Good, at least you know how to suck a cock." Gatling said. "You'll be useful at board meetings." He pulled out of her mouth with her lips making a popping noise before stuffing his cock back into his pants. He went back to his chair while Lauren tried to untangle her ankles. "What are you doing?" he asked her. "You're not done yet."

"B-But..." Lauren said with wide-eyed fright. "But you just had me, Mr. Gatling."

"Yes, but I also like to watch while I work too. Get used to it." He flippantly gestured to her with one hand while pulling open his lower right hand side drawer of the desk with the other. He spent a few moments rummaging around in it before coming out with a jeweled butt plug and a decent sized dildo. He tossed them to her. "Put the plug up your ass. That's also part of your uniform while at work. You can only take it out to relieve yourself in the bathroom or when I say so. Now lie back on the floor and get yourself off. Then you can go back to whatever trivial thing you were doing at your desk."

She knelt there, blinking up at him with incomprehension written all over her face. Gatling let out a sigh of disgust while he rolled his eyes. "Let me help you," he said irritably, shooting to his feet and advancing on her. Before she knew it, he had her by the hair again and was bending her over into a fetal position with her ass sticking up in the air. While holding her down with one hand, he grabbed the plug in the other and proceeded to ram it in and out of her wet pussy. Lauren squeaked in discomfort and writhed in his grasp until he shouted down at her to hold still. She stopped moving and he fucked her more with the plug before bringing it up to her back passage.

"AHHHH!" Lauren gasped loudly as the plug invaded her ass. She jerked when the flared part of the plug made it past her tight opening and settled into place with the plastic jeweled part being the only thing sticking out. She squirmed uncomfortably as her butt settled with the new intrusion inside of it.

"There we go," Gatling proclaimed. He then gave her a hard swat across her bottom. "That's for disobeying me and hesitating." He said amid her howl of pain. "Now; do as I ordered and get yourself off or else I won't be in such a charitable mood." He commanded, returning to his chair. He propped one foot up onto a knee and leaned back into his chair to watch the show.

Whimpering in pain, Lauren reached out and grabbed for the dildo. She was about to stay kneeling while bent over until she remembered his original command; lie back on the floor. With a heavy heart, she rolled to her back, spread her legs wide, and brought the dildo up to her pussy. Trying hard to get into the moment since she had no idea how her boss would react if she failed to cum, she started rubbing the pointed end of the smooth plastic dildo up against her clit while groping her left breast. She closed her eyes and pictured one of her former lovers and a couple of the football players back in school that she had crushes on but never had the opportunity to hook up with. She fantasized that one of them was already up her ass while the other was teasing her.
