 Part 7: Emily 

*** 

Author's Notes: In these stories, I'm attempting something somewhat new, darker, grittier, and going a little bit further down the proverbial rabbit hole than I've gone before. I'm putting all the tag/trigger warnings (that I can think of) here in the beginning so that you can see some of the elements that are contained in this story so that if this is not your cup of tea, you can move on instead of leaving me flaming comments at the end. "Apocalypse Slaves" is intended to be a digest style story with no real end planned out. I'll finish some of the girls' stories and then move on to other girls that are introduced along the way. So, who knows for certain where this will all lead to? If you have ideas and/or suggestions I will entertain them so long as they are within reason and within the boundaries of what I'm willing to write. And if you do decide to email me though the Literotica system, please leave an email so that I can respond. I promise that I don't bite... much. 

Tags for this story include, but are not limited to, and not necessarily in this order: non-consent, reluctance, science fiction, sci-fi, apocalypse, post-apocalyptic, auction, slave, slaves, bdsm, volunteer slaves, dystopia, dystopic, bondage, abduction, forced sex, blackmail, ravishment, kidnapping, dominance, maids, barmaids, interracial, submission, capture, captive, captured, enslavement, fetish, punishment, fucking machines, gangbang, mind break, mind-breaking, mind control, control, blackmail, threesomes, foursomes, group sex, double penetration, triple penetration, revenge, rescue, chasing, misogyny, reluctance, humiliation, escort, prostitution, courtesan, coercion, oral, anal, toys, fuckdolls, breeding, and... well... you get the point... or at least you should by now. 

In case anyone is wondering; I am taking story ideas and inspiration from various models and/or picture sets that I've found on the internet. For Part 7 here my model inspirations include Emily Bloom (Playboy Plus, Met Art), Ashley Sage Ellison (Dream of Ashley), Cherry Essex (Club Cherry Poppins), Faith Nelson (In Bed With Faith), and Heather Carolin (Playboy, Penthouse). Chapter numbering just continues from previous parts for continuity purposes. 

And, of course, all of the "Chuck Norris-isms" that I placed in here were fun to find. Some fans mentioned that the loved seeing them in here as they apply to Caine, and so I couldn't help doing a repeat performance. 

Chapter numbering continues from Part 6 just for continuity sake. These stories can be read on their own if one chooses to. 

Now that the fair warning is out of the way, on with the story. 

*** 

CHAPTER 65: Auction in the East. 

Days ago, Emily was yanked from her cryo pod outside of Lincoln by a bunch of strange looking men. She'd been stripped naked, blindfolded, and hogtied before being thrown into the back of a truck on a bunch of old mattresses with other women and shipped off to who knew where. Once the truck arrived at its destination, she was taken out, measured all over, and then transferred to another truck to be shipped off to yet another unknown destination. Every so often when the truck stopped her and the other captives were taken out the back, told to relieve themselves on the side of the road, given some water and a hunk of bread before being hogtied again and thrown back into the truck. 

Sore from being tied up and jostled in the truck's cargo hold, she had no strength to fight back or resist in any way once she was dragged out one last time. Emily was hustled into a building in the middle of the night and then tied down spread eagled onto a bed where she passed out from exhaustion. Then she was woken up some time later, her concept of time having since eluded her. She had no idea if it was day or night. All she knew was that while she was blindfolded she was being cleaned and groomed for... something. The unknown hands worked all over her body, massaging, kneading, pampering her. She felt someone on either side of her first giving her a manicure then they were giving her a pedicure. Then it was those two pairs of hands that rubbed her down and oiled up her body, making her hum with pleasure and contentment as her body relaxed. When they worked on her inner thighs, abdomen, and even her bare mound, she found herself responding to their touch and longing for more. She heard light laughter as she gyrated her hips, wanting more. After that, her long hair that went well down past her ass when she didn't tie it up was combed out, washed, conditioned, dried, and then combed again before being put up in a top-knot ponytail. She felt amazingly refreshed once it was all done. 

Then she was taken from her bed to be tied up again with her hands behind her back. After being put down on her knees, it was nothing but waiting as she was kept blindfolded and bound to wait for... whatever. She could hear the other women who'd made the long, arduous trip with her. They were all either crying, or sniffling, or whining, or even praying for deliverance even after the grooming. Every so often a man's deep voice would say something and then another one was taken away. The first one, that Emily noted, was the only one dressed in bridal lingerie. That girl, that people had been calling "Pearls" because of the string of pearls that ran along her slit and up her butt crack, looked totally shell shocked as they hauled her thorough the doors to her fate, not to return. 

Emily knew that there'd be no one to rescue her. Even in the chaos of being woken up and pulled from her pod, she watched as her boyfriend and his family were pulled from the pods and shot. Only her mother-in-law-to-be and sister-in-law-to be were spared. Emily hadn't heard her mother-in-law's voice since the first stop and she hadn't heard her sister's voice since they were separated here. It barely registered on her what had happened at the time as her abductors were too busy ripping her clothes off while she was out of it but now that she had time to think about it, it made her sad to not know their fates. 

"Let's go," a rough voice said as two pairs of hands grabbed her by the biceps and hauled her to her feet. The ropes securing her wrists and ankles together were cut and removed. Her blindfold was ripped away moments before she was hustled through a pair of double doors into a large, empty room. 

Emily was taken to the middle of the room where the only piece of furniture was a simple, wooden chair that was bolted down to the cold concrete floor. She was then forced to sit in it before being strapped down. Her wrists were secured to the chair legs just behind her butt and her ankles were secured to the forward chair legs so that her knees and thighs were spread out wide for all to see her bare pussy. A bright light was turned on in front of her that was so intense that she had to close her eyes and turn her head away. Her captors who tied her to the chair retreated off to the sides. She was so out of it at this point that she didn't even bother testing to even test her bonds. 

"Continuing tonight's auction we have Lot Number Five; Emily." A voice said from speakers in the wall ahead of her. "Ukrainian-American descent. 5 foot, 6 inches. 108 pounds. Stats measured at 28C, 26, 30. Blue Eyes with Auburn Hair that has been measured at 33 inches. Aged twenty-one years, pre-Flare. Average IQ. No medical history of note. Non-virginal. Prime breeding material," it said dispassionately as it rattled off her stats. Emily briefly wondered how they got all that information on her until she remembered way back at the first stop where they were measuring her, evaluating her, fingering her, and talking about her from the data her abductors got from the cryo pod. All that seemed so long ago now. 

Wha-? Then it hit her the other words that were spoken at the end. Breeding? 

"Lot 5 comes from an affluent family from the pre-Flare days having been found in the lowest level of a cryogenic survival vault recently found in what used to be the State of Nebraska. We confirmed this from the data that we have from the pre-Flare days that we have in our possession that checks with the data found in the vault. No physical ties to today's society. First round of bidding will commence at One Hundred Thousand Union Credits." 

What does that mean... 'used to be' Nebraska? Union Credits? Emily wondered. What is going on? What happened to the world? Pre-Flare? Does that mean that space wave or whatever that was that forced us into the pods? What year is it? Her mind spun with all these questions as the speakers clicked out. She never was the sciencey type and all the news up to going into the pod was way over her head. All she knew was that her boyfriend and his rich family paid extra for her to have a pod. It was assumed that they were going to get married and 'help rebuild civilization as their masters', as the family had put it. And now they're all gone... and here I am... It was a somber thought. Her mind drifted as she then wondered what was going on and where everyone was at as her eyes strained against the light to see past it. Emily felt self-conscious and squirmed in her seat uncomfortably. 

The speakers clicked back on. "Round one of bidding is complete. Round two will commence for at the start of the buzzer and finish upon climax." Emily wondered what that meant as she looked in vain for the source of the voice. Her attention got diverted as two men from either side approached her. While one grabbed her thighs to spread them even further apart, the other threaded the head of a Hitachi Magic Wand up through a hole that was right at her crotch. Her pussy lips were spread wide and she let out a whimper of embarrassment from behind clenched teeth as the bulbous head was put right up next to her clit and vaginal opening before being latched firmly into place by clamps underneath of the chair. Then the men retreated to their original positions. 

"Second Round of bidding will commence at Three Hundred, Twenty-Five Thousand." The Speaker said. As soon as the speakers clicked off again, the Hitachi hummed to life on the highest setting. 

"AUGH!" Emily threw back her head and screamed at the sudden, intense, vibrations right on her clit. It took her off guard. Then she leaned back in the chair and moaned as the pleasure overtook her. She was already hot and bothered from the very intimate oil massage they gave her while preparing her for sale. 

Sale... Emily's mind rolled the word around in her head. I'm being auctioned off... Sold... I'm going to be owned by somebody! For reasons unknown to her, the thought made her even more turned on than she already was. She bucked against the Hitachi and her bonds as an intense wave of pleasure washed over her. Her mind fluttered back to a time when her and her boyfriend used one. This Hitachi seemed to be more powerful than the one she owned prior to going into cryo. Oh God! I'm gonna cum! She thought with alarm as she was subconsciously trying to fight it. Part of her didn't want to do so in front of who knew how many people that were watching but then another part of her was turned on even more that she was putting on a show for them. 

"MMM! AHHH! UNGH! MMM! AHHH!" Emily cried out as the Hitachi raged on in high mode in between her thighs. She tried to move her hips back away from the vibrating bulb but was unable to do so having been secured to the chair so well. Her hands fluttered open and closed and her wrists strained as she tried to move her hands to try and get the Hitachi off her sensitive clit. She thrashed about as the vibrating became so intense to the point that it was nearly painful. "AH! AH! AH!" she cried out in vain as it became too much for her. Her chest heaved and her belly convulsed as she felt herself losing all control and composure. 

Emily's body bucked again, this time involuntarily as the orgasm hit her. Her entire world went white and not because of the light shining into her face either. She arched her back and head as far as it would go, giving the unknown crowd a good look at her medium sized breasts jutting out and up, and screamed her pleasure out for all to hear. Her nipples had hardened into tiny little maroon nubs that she was sure stood out against her pale skin. Her voice reverberated off of the walls and ceiling and she just let her climax take over all thought process. All the while, her body trembled and shook violently in the throes of the orgasm. 

Once it was over, she slumped in the chair, her chin resting down on her collar bone. "Mmmmmm... Ahhhh..." she purred with contentment as she came down off the erotic high. She was vaguely aware of drooling and the continuing humming from the Hitachi. Before she could get worked up again, the buzzing stopped and was taken away. Then she was released from the chair and dragged forward to a large, square frame that she hadn't noticed before. The Speaker came back. "Round two of bidding is complete. The final two couples will bid in the Third Round after Punishment Endurance is tested." 

What's that supposed to mean? Emily wondered through her hazy mind. She felt her wrists being lifted by the two attendants. They slipped her wrists through leather loops that were then pulled tight. Still delirious from the intense orgasm, Emily didn't have the strength to test them. Instead, she just hung limp from them. Her ankles were also placed into leather loops before being pulled tight. 

Instead of moving back to the sides as they'd done before, the two attendants stayed. They both grabbed leather paddles and positioned themselves behind her. Emily vaguely registered this when one of them reared back and spanked her ass with the paddle the moment the Speaker Voice said "Round Three will now commence with a minimum bid of Three Quarters of a Million Union Credits." 

The attendants alternated spanking her on the rump with their paddles. Emily cried out with each spank, arching her body in the frame with each blow. She lost count of how many times she was spanked as one blow seemed to meld right into the other and she eventually just gave up. Having been reduced to pitiful whimpers and quiet sobbing, Emily hung her head in resignation as the paddling continued. 

The Speaker came back on. "Sold to the Sullivan family for One Million, Two Hundred Thousand Union Credits. Remove Lot Five and bring Lot Six in," it said before clicking off. The two attendants put the paddles back down, unstrapped Emily, and dragged her off into a side room where she was put onto a bed face down in the care of someone who looked like a hospital orderly. 

The orderly immediately put leather cuffs onto her wrists and secured them together with a lock behind her back. Then he worked a leather, padded collar around her neck, likewise securing it with a lock. Slippers were then placed over her feet that fit snugly. After that, he took a jar of ointment and worked it into the small of her back, her bottom, and her upper thighs. Emily sighed with relief as the stinging, burning sensation was alleviated. By the time he was done, the pain was reduced to a dull, throbbing ache. 

After a few minutes, a well-dressed man and woman came through another door from the direction in which Emily assumed where the audience had been at. The man was in a tailored made black suit that was almost a tuxedo. The woman was in a red dress that hugged her hourglass figure and she had a fluff fur shawl draped over her bare shoulders. Judging by the matching jewelry style, ornate matching rings, and the way the intimately walked arm-in-arm with another, Emily figured that they were a married couple. The woman, a redhead that was of a brighter shade than Emily's, smiled down at her as if looking at a puppy or a child. "You're going to be coming home with us, dear," she said in a patronizing tone as if she were picking up a kid at an orphanage and that Emily should be counting her blessings. "You may call us Master and Mistress as that's all you'll be addressing us as should we allow you to talk at all." 

The orderly handed a clipboard to the man. He signed and handed it back, then reached down to pick up the free end of a leash that Emily now saw was attached to her collar. "Let's go," he said in a jovial voice, adding a tug at the end of it. "Come on, we don't have all evening." Not having any other choice or say in the matter, Emily slid off the bed and allowed herself to be taken away without a fuss. 

Emily was led out of the building by her new owners and she was now acutely aware at how she looked with a collar with leash around her neck, her hands bound behind her back, and just a pair of slippers on her feet that matched her skin tone. She felt so embarrassed to be walked out in such a way as if she were nothing more than a pet that she hung her head down and tried to bury her face within her own hair. Once the warm air of the outdoors hit her skin again, she couldn't help but look up to see her surroundings to see where she was at. Not too far away, illuminated against the otherwise night sky, stood one of the most prominent landmarks known... 

The Washington Monument in the District of Columbia. 

*** 

CHAPTER 66: Breaking In. 

Looking around in a panic, she scanned the nighttime crowds for any sign of a policeman. If she was in Washington, D.C. then surely to God what her 'owners' were doing was illegal! Then she spied something else that made her gasp yet again; the good-old Stars and Stripes. 

Only... it wasn't the flag that she was used to. In place of the 52 Stars in the field of blue were only 11 stars. 10 of the stars were arrayed in a circle around a central 11th star. "Only 11 States?" she cried out in exasperation, only to stumble when she realized that she'd stopped as her owners walked on. 

"My, my, my," Mistress mused. "You truly are a girl out of time, aren't you? They said that you were from a cryo vault but I had no idea it was that long ago you went it." 

"Well, they did say that she was pre-Flare, dear," her husband said. "So, we should exercise a little patience with her." 

"But the United States has 52 States!" Emily blurted out. 

"Had," Master corrected with a pointed finger. He sighed when he saw how distressed Emily was. "Okay, I'll give you a history lesson since we need to you to be calm and collected. Just keep walking. After the Flare, many of the states as you know them dissolved, disbanded, or even broke away. With no way to actively enforce Union rule, the government eventually just let them do whatever. What remained consolidated into mega states. The 11 stars that you see represent New England, Virginia, Carolina, Dixie, Florida, Mississippi, Michicana, Easton, Appalachia, Indio, and D.C." he explained. "The Virginias and Carolinas consolidated back into single states. Indio is composed of Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio. Michicana has Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota. Dixie is Georgia and Alabama while Mississippi has Mississippi, Arkansas, and Louisiana. New England has everything from New York to Maine, Eason has Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland, and Delaware, while Appalachia has Kentucky and Tennessee now while Florida remains on its own." 

"What happened?" 

"Well, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands were the first to go followed quickly by Alaska and Hawaii. California joined up with Washington and Oregon. And we've heard recently that Colorado formed its own little country with parts of Wyoming, Utah, Arizona and New Mexico." He said, then fixed her with a steady glare. "Now hush. I've entertained your curiosity long enough and you're drawing looks from everyone. All you need to know is that we own you and that we're going to breed you. Now be silent!" 
