 Apocalypse Slaves, Part 8: Pearl and Nadine. 

By: AlexClayton. 

*** 

Author's Notes: In these stories, I'm attempting something somewhat new, darker, grittier, and going a little bit further down the proverbial rabbit hole than I've gone before. I'm putting all the tag/trigger warnings (that I can think of) here in the beginning so that you can see some of the elements that are contained in this story so that if this is not your cup of tea, you can move on instead of leaving me flaming comments at the end. "Apocalypse Slaves" is intended to be a digest style story with no real end planned out. I'll finish some of the girls' stories and then move on to other girls that are introduced along the way. So, who knows for certain where this will all lead to? If you have ideas and/or suggestions I will entertain them so long as they are within reason and within the boundaries of what I'm willing to write. And if you do decide to email me though the Literotica system, please leave an email so that I can respond. I promise that I don't bite... much. 

Tags for this story include, but are not limited to, and not necessarily in this order: non-consent, reluctance, science fiction, sci-fi, apocalypse, post-apocalyptic, auction, slave, slaves, bdsm, volunteer slaves, dystopia, dystopic, bondage, abduction, forced sex, blackmail, ravishment, kidnapping, dominance, maids, barmaids, interracial, submission, capture, captive, captured, enslavement, fetish, slapping, spanking, choking, pain, breath play, punishment, fucking machines, gangbang, mind break, mind-breaking, mind control, control, blackmail, threesomes, foursomes, group sex, double penetration, triple penetration, revenge, rescue, chasing, misogyny, reluctance, humiliation, escort, prostitution, courtesan, coercion, oral, anal, toys, fuckdolls, breeding, HuCows, milking, lactation, and... well... you get the point... or at least you should by now. 

In case anyone is wondering; I am taking story ideas and inspiration from various models and/or picture sets that I've found on the internet. And, of course, all of the "Chuck Norris-isms" that I placed in here were fun to find. Some fans mentioned that the loved seeing them in here as they apply to Caine, and so I couldn't help doing a repeat performance. 

Model Inspirations: 

Pearl - from a former tumblr blog

Nadine - Nadine Jansen 

Leanna - Leanna Decker from Playboy 

Lily - Lily Cole, British nude model 

Bunny - Plump Bunny from various old tumblr blogs 

Mira - Mira from stripper software 

Demi - Demi Fray from stripper software 

Lauren - Veronica Lauren from Homeward Bound, American Pie, and Days of our Lives 

Chapter numbering continues from Part 7 just for continuity sake. These stories can be read on their own if one chooses to. This story takes place concurrently with Part 7. Now that the fair warning is out of the way, on with the story. 

*** 

CHAPTER 75: Descent into Darkness 

What was supposed to be her day of bliss turned into a complete and total nightmare in the space of minutes. Instead of driving to her honeymoon with her new husband, Jeffrey, turned into a mad dash to be one of the lucky ones to get a first come, first served survival pod before the wave hit earth. Still in her bridal gown, Pearl was stuffed into one of the last pods on the top level just moments before the subsequent solar burnoff from their own sun hit the planet. 

She awoke to Jeffrey, still in his tuxedo, picking her up off of the deck and slapping her face to get her coherent as to what was going on. "Come on, baby, we gotta go! We gotta get out of here!" 

"What's going on?" she mumbled as her jumbled thoughts eventually came together while she coughed up red globs of whatever the hell was in her lungs. There was banging on the doors to the old silo that got her attention. 

"Trouble, that's what," Jeffrey said bending down to carry her as if they were going over the threshold of their home. Without even thinking, Pearl wrapped her arms around him and laid her head on his shoulder, too weary to do anything. She felt herself being carried until Jeffrey came to a screeching halt on the upper level. 

"Well, well, well..." a man's rough voice said. "Y'all get hitched before the flare cooked our world?" 

"Look, I don't want any trouble." Jeffrey said. Pearl looked and saw the most ragtag, disheveled, yet strangely muscular mob of men she'd ever seen. Their skin was so tanned that she nearly mistook them for being Latinos or natives. 

"Oh we won't have none," the thug said amid guffaws from his gang behind him. "Just drop the missus there and walk on out. We'll let you live." 

Jeffrey snorted. "You must think I'm mad to do something as crazy like that. I'll have the police called on you!" 

"The police?" Now the gang hooted and roared in laughter. "There ain't no police around these parts. Haven't been for nearly a hundred years!" The gang leader motioned with the barrel of his crude gun. "Come on, just let her go and we can be friends." 

"Don't hurt us. Just let us go!" Jeffrey demanded of them. 

"We ain't gonna hurt her. Do you know how valuable she is? She'll net us at least a thousand caps each!" Gang Leader said. "A pre-flare bride, nice hourglass figure, large breasts, a bit plump, probably virginal; she'll sell at auction real good and we'll all get a cut. Even you, Tuxedo-boy. We can cut you in on the action. Hell, if you play nice we'll even give you a seller's fee. Whaddya say? Come on." he made a casual gesturing motion for Jeffrey to comply. Pearl held onto him even tighter. 

"No deal," Jeffrey said as he frantically looked for another way out. He spied an emergency exit to one side and tried to sidle that way. 

"You see, that's the backwards thinking that gets a man in trouble around here." Gang Leader said, tsking in disappointment. "You really should learn to share with others." He motioned to his gang and they sprang into action. Thugs from all around dashed for them as Jeffrey tried to make a break for the exit. They were easily caught and Pearl was ripped from her husband's grasp amid their cries out to each other. 

Pearl found the strength to fight as she kicked and swung wildly at the man holding her up around the waist. Two thugs grabbed Jeffrey by the arms and pinned him against the nearest wall while two more proceeded to punch him repeatedly in the gut. He tried, in vain, to fight back but the more he fought the more he was beat up. Pearl, in the meantime, was placed on her knees while the thugs tied her wrists behind her back and put a gag in her mouth. She got out one last cry of her husband's name and one last look at him before the Gang Leader put his gun up against the side of Jeffrey's head 

"Pearl..." he croaked out in desperation just before the trigger was pulled. 

* 

"Lot One, Sold for two million, five hundred thousand union dollars." the voice in the speakers said. It was at least a week since she woke up to this living hell. She hadn't said a word since Jeffrey was killed. Her eyes got a distant look in them and she had to be told what to do and when to do it. Everything that she'd once lived for had been snatched away in an instant. She didn't even know where she was after two different truck rides in the back cargo beds of them both. She really didn't even care since she'd sank into a deep depression since she watched her husband get murdered right in front of her eyes. 

Oddly enough, two things happened. The first was that she was allowed to wear her bridal lingerie. Her dress had since been taken away but her corset, garters, hose, and even the sheer lace panties that had a string of pearls that went from her clit along her slit like a thong, all remained on her. They even did up her dirty blonde hair and put a small veil on her to up her price. The second was that because of the pearl panties, everyone was calling her 'Pearls' because of it. A small part of her mind wondered how many others were lucky enough to keep their names, or something a close to it as possible. 

She'd been kept separated from others and was the only one placed into a packing crate for transport. Her arms were strapped behind her in leather gloves that laced up to her biceps. Then she'd been forced to kneel in the crate with her head in a pillory-like hole before they closed it on top of her. Every so often the truck would stop and she'd be allowed to relieve herself, force fed some food and water, walked around, and then placed back into the crate. 

At any rate, when she got to their unknown destination, after being cleaned and dolled up she was the first to be taken into a simple room facing a mirror and strapped to a chair. Someone put a hitachi wand up against her clit, over the bead of pearls, and turned it on high. After twenty minutes even Reclusive Pearl was forced to an orgasm as her body simply reacted to the stimulus applied. The erotic high lasted for a good couple of minutes and when she came down off of the erotic high she retreated back into her mind again. This, apparently, drove her price way up. 

Someone slapped a white leather collar on her and she was led out of the room. Pearl followed along submissively with the distant look returning to her features. They kept her hands cuffed behind her back. She didn't know why. It wasn't as if she cared what happened to her now. They could be leading her out to be executed and she'd still have the same blank look on her face; unmoving and unfeeling and uncaring. Outside, it wasn't a firing squad that waited her. It was a limo with an open trunk. The man holding her leash handed her off to his chauffer. The chauffer led Pearl to the trunk and directed her to step inside. Pearl did as she was told and the trunk was closed overtop of her. 

A short drive later the limo stopped and the trunk was opened up. The chauffer came back for her and got her out. She was handed off to 'Master', as he directed her to call him, and she was led inside a large estate building. She kept her eyes downcast and ahead just to make sure that she didn't stumble over anything as she was led to wherever the hell they were going. 

Master took her to a side room that would be hers, according to him. "Once you're bred and milking, you'll go downstairs with the rest of the harem," he told her with an evil smile as he took her over to the bed. Once there she meekly crawled onto it, staying on all fours as Master directed her as he attached her leash to the headboard and then took out a syringe to inject something behind her neck. He regarded her with curiosity as he stripped off to one side. "Still no response? Nothing at all? No fight, hm?" 

Pearl heard the sound a half second before she saw the movement out of the corner of her eye. Master had taken his belt out of his trouser loops before letting the garment fall to the floor. He held the buckle and wrapped a loop around his fist. Then he swung it right for her ass. She bucked and screamed as the pain of the lash registered but then went right back to where she was at. Heat radiated off of her butt and warmth pooled in her loins as her body responded. Another lash, another scream of pain, and then the strange warmth again. Pearl actually felt herself dripping from her pussy. 

Master must have noticed her reactions as he stopped and hummed his approval. Then he reached under, pulled down her corset top, and felt up one of her plump tits, hefting it like it were a piece of fruit and squeezing her nipple. Pearl let out an involuntary gasp at the sharp pain at the tip of her right breast as he did this. Then she did it again when he did the same with her left. "You must be a little pain slut..." he commented. 

Am I? Pearl wondered as she knelt there on the bed, still on all fours like an obedient little puppy. Is this the only way I can feel now? I haven't felt anything but numb for days now... 

Master crawled up onto the bed behind her, nuzzling his hard cock right up against her ass. Pearl felt it as it brushed past her slit and over the bead of pearls still acting as a thong. Then she felt his hands on her warm, burning ass a half second before he slapped her left butt cheek hard with his hand. She cried out in pain before then humming with the strange pleasure that came for her immediately after. What is wrong with me? Pearl wondered. 

She didn't have long to contemplate it as she felt the pearls being moved to the side. Her pussy was already slick and parted in a primal, unconscious form of anticipation. Then she let out a tiny cry as he drove into her, hard. His cock penetrated her fully. "Damn, not a virgin after all..." Master clucked his disapproval. "But damn, you're tight." 

Pearl had only had one lover and that was her husband. Her late husband, she had to think now. The thought of his dead body left behind at the bunker by the thugs who made her a widow made her cry. Between the anguish of losing Jeffrey, the pain from being spanked, and the roughness of Master now taking her, Pearl started to sob. 

It was as if a bottled-up dam had suddenly been opened up as she let out all the pain and anguish of losing everything, transported to who knew where, and being sold on the auction block as a slave. Master seemed to revel in this as he spanked her harder and faster as he fucked her with wild abandon. "That's right, my little pain-slut. Cry for me," he said, goading her on. He stopped spanking her long enough to undo the clasps of her corset to throw it to the side. Once her torso was now bare, he reached under with one hand to cruelly pinch her nipples. "Oh yeah, I can tell I'm going to have to punish you repeatedly just to get a reaction out of you. 

Pearl arched her back as she cried and blubbered, her breasts now aching as they were pinched and pulled. Maybe I do deserve to be punished...  she thought. I didn't do anything to save my husband... I didn't do anything but just stay there in his arms... I didn't even do anything to help my family except run off and marry a wealthy man who could get me into the bunkers. Now they're all dead and it's my fault...  she even started to wonder if she even loved Jeffrey or if she'd married him just to survive. Either way, it was probably the universe's way of punishing her. 

She held on to those thoughts. Yes... she was a bad girl. Yes... she deserved whatever punishment Master dolled out on her. She was going to be punished, she needed to be punished, and she had it all coming. 

"Hurt me..." she breathed. 

"What was that?" Master asked, shocked that she'd actually spoken something. 

Pearl turned her head and looked up at him with her tear-filled baby blue eyes. "I... I do need to be punished... Please... Master... Hurt me." 

With a savage grin, Master obliged her. He wrapped his hand into her blonde hair and pulled back hard. Pearl let out a gasp of air as she was forced to arch her back. Master then fucked her hard and deep while spanking her as hard as he could muster on her ass and thighs. Pearl's bottom stung like hell and though the pain she derived the pleasure that came with it. She embraced it, welcomed it. She dove head long into it and started fucking backwards towards him to make his thrusts bottom out to hit her cervix. The thrust became so hard that they too hurt from the inside out. I am his plaything that deserves to be punished and abused... she thought. I was selfish before and now I have to pay for it. 

In that moment of odd, liberating clarity, Pearl found her release. As she was bawling her eyes out she came, hard. Her already tight pussy clamped down onto his cock and she continued fucking backwards toward him. She cried out as loud as she could as she orgasmed, her whole body trembling violently as she was repeatedly impaled upon his cock. "FUCK!" Master called out behind her as his cock blew inside of her. It only served to fuel her own climax, intensifying it, until she was finally totally spent. 

"Oh I am so going to enjoy punishing you, my little Pearls." Master moaned as he came down off of his orgasm. "You are definitely worth every cred I spent on you." 

*** 

CHAPTER 76: Punished 

Master came in early the next day. He shouted at her to wake up and then he grabbed her by the hair and made her relieve herself in a small bathroom that was attached to the room, all the while telling her that she's expected to be up at first light to be ready for him. Then he dragged her back out to the bed, bent her over the side with her legs dangling off, and proceeded to spank and fuck her hard. 

Pearl cried and sobbed the entire time he was fucking her. This time he blew his wad inside of her before she had a chance to get off. She internalized it, and chalked it up to another punishment that she deserved. As Master let her go, she sniffled and hung her head in shame and sorrow. He's right, I am a bad girl and I deserve it... I should know better than to sleep now that I am owned... Master slid a foot forward and looked at her expectantly. Pearl swallowed whatever pride and self-respect she had left and bent over to kiss it. She was instantly rewarded with Master petting her, telling her that she was a good girl for seeking forgiveness like that. 

Master left and Pearl knelt there on the floor by the bed, waiting. He was back a moment later with a tray in his hands that he put on the floor in front of her. On it was a jeweled butt plug, a pink leather collar, a bowl filled with water, and a bowl that was filled with what looked like scrambled eggs and chopped bacon. "Take off that crude leash that the auction house gave you and put that one on instead," Master told her. Pearl reached behind her neck to unlatch her collar, placed it on the tray, and put the pink one around her neck in its place. She saw that it had her new given name of "Pearls" on it emblazoned in metal lettering. There was a certain finality to seeing the name and putting it on as it truly sank in that she really was an owned slave now. 

"Now the plug." Master directed. Pearl picked it up and wondered how she'd get it inside of her. "Don't look at me like that. Figure it out and quickly or else I will do it for you!" Master snapped when she gave him a questioning look. 

Knowing that it was not going to go in on its own, Pearl did the only thing she could think of; she put it in her mouth and slobbered all over it. Then she bent forward, positioned it right next to her anus, and pushed it in. It was slow going and Pearl screamed in pain as her ass was stretched wide to accommodate it. Then she welcomed the pain, reveled in it, and shoved the plug all the way in. She gasped in relief once it was in and she rose back up to her kneeling position. 

"Good, but you hesitated." Master said, frowning in disapproval. Pearl immediately went back down to kiss his feet. While he accepted the show of apology, he still grabbed her hair and led her over to the nearby wall. "Stand, face the wall, present your ass, cross your wrists above your head as you lean against it. MOVE!" he commanded her. Pearl followed his instructions to the letter. When she was in position, the tips of her breasts were barely grazing the wooden wall and her back was arched which presented her ass to him. "When I say 'Wall', this is the position you're to be in. Understand?" 

"Yes, Master," Pearl cried, gulping in anticipation of her punishment. 

She didn't have to wait long. Pearl heard his belt clear the belt loops with that whift-whift-whift sound. A second after that there was a swish in the air and the sound of the slapping leather on her ivory skin. Pearl arched her back even more, pushing her breasts into the wall, as she cried out in pain. This time the pain was slightly different as this time as she was spanked with the belt as it moved the plug up her ass. What was more was that when she tensed up from the pain of the blow, it squeezed the plug as well. Master gave her ten lashes in all. The blows landed from the upper part of her bubble butt all the way down to her slightly thick thighs. 
