 Apocalypse Slaves, Part 9: Christina. 

By: AlexClayton. 

*** 

Author's Notes: 

Seriously, I've done eight of these things already. Do I really need to list trigger warnings in these things anymore? If so, go back to any one of my previous parts and read them and decide if this is a story you want to read or not. 

In case anyone is wondering; I am taking story ideas and inspiration from various models and/or picture sets that I've found on the internet. For this one, I've always wanted to do a story involving this model for some time and I wanted to do one where the heroine wasn't just a hapless damsel in distress. I wanted to go back to the strong female type as I'd done in parts one and two. 

Model Inspirations Include: Christina Carter (5'7" 34DD-27-36), David Draiman, Lily Cole, Chris Hemsworth. 

Chapter numbering continues from Part 8 just for continuity sake. These stories can be read on their own if one chooses to. This story takes place concurrently with Parts 5 - 8. Now that the fair warning is out of the way, on with the story. 

*** 

CHAPTER 86: Last Night On Earth 

First and foremost; Christina was a survivor. When the societal breakdown started to occur at the discovery of the wave, she'd sold virtually all of belongings; land, home... everything. Then she started backpacking and RVing it all across North America from Alaska to Florida, determined to enjoy the world and all of its beauty before it was destroyed. When she first got the hint that the wave was approaching that'd kill the earth in a vicious one-two punch, she started migrating to one of the known public cryo bunkers in the Midwest. It was the closest she could find as she'd just got done hiking the Badlands up in the Dakotas. Her RV was the first vehicle in line and her name was first on the waiting list after all of the more affluent people who'd already paid to get in got their spaces. 

But Christina was one who hedged her bets and skewed things into her favor. After the second night of camping out in line, she caught the eye of one young guard. He couldn't have been more than nineteen or twenty to her maturing thirty-eight. "MILF" was the term most applied to her and after what life had already dealt her, she milked that for all it was worth. On the third night she intentionally wore one of her skimpy dresses that left very little to the imagination... especially when she bent over. She made a show of checking out the engine of her RV, bending over low and lifting a leg with a pointed foot in pink high heels to show off her womanly assets. After all, she had no problem using her body to get what she needed to survive. The wave was getting closer and she needed to get into the bunker. 

The ploy worked, and the young guard was over to her in an instant. "Problem, Ma'am?" 

Christina turned and stuck out her lip in a pout. "My engine won't start," she said in a despondent tone. "I'm afraid that I might have to leave to get parts if I can't get it working again," she coyly sidled up next to him and ran a hand from his collar down to his groin. "And if I do that, I might not be able to get in and I might miss seeing such handsome guards as yourself." Truth be told, she'd disconnected the distributor. "What's worse... I could die out here when the wave hits. You wouldn't want that to happen to little ol' me, would you?" 

The guard groaned, all rational thought leaving his brain and going down to his hardening cock inside of his pants. "I... uh... might be able to help you..." he croaked out, grabbing at his bulge to readjust. "For a price." 

"Oh, would you?" Christina brightened up and gushed, playing her brownish-blonde hair up, twirling it in her fingers. 

"Absolutely. Lets... uh... go into your RV and discuss details." He gave her a wicked grin. 

"We can do that!" she gasped in mock fright. "Won't we be seen!" She pressed one hand over her mouth and pointed with the other to the array of video cameras right above them. 

"Oh... right!" the guard blinked. "Uh... give me fifteen minutes and meet me around the back of the hill. There's emergency exits all around here and I can get you into one for us to be in a place more... private." 

Fifteen minutes later with her Survival Backpack over her shoulders and her oversized fanny pack around her waist with a change of clothes in them, she met him at the exit indicated. He opened the door and frantically waved her in and held a finger to his lips for silence. She darted in, kicked off her heels, and followed him down the long series of ladders, bypassing floor after floor until they were at the very bottom of the vault in a darkened storage room. "I'm off shift now and we'd got a gap in the video coverage because the guys in the central security room owed me a favor," he told her in a hushed whisper. "We got about an hour until I have to get you back outside through the next gap in the coverage that they're making for us." 

"Mmmm... cozy and romantic..." she cooed at him, taking her packs off and putting her high heeled shoes aside. 

He jumped her, pulling her into his arms and crushing his lips against hers in an overexcited, eager kiss. "Mmmph! Woah! Easy there, tiger!" she said, pushing back against him slightly. "Not too fast." 

"Hey! I got you in here and I'm gonna help you fix your engine!" he scowled at her. 

"And I am very grateful for it," Christina smiled at him, stepping back and slipping her arms out of the spaghetti straps of her silky pink size 6 miniskirt. She let it drop off of her body to show him that she wasn't wearing anything but matching panties underneath. Her tanned 38 Double Ds stood proud, defying gravity in a way that most women ten years less her age would be jealous of. She brought her hands up to cup them, tweaking her nipples with her long fingers and letting out a husky breath as she stepped back up to him. 

He groaned and was hastily stripping down as he watched her. When he was down to his boxers, she stopped him, cupped his head, and kissed him softly and slowly. Their tongues intermingled for a moment and then she dropped to her knees to take his boxers off for him. His cock sprang out, already hard to salute her nudity, and she slowly took him into her mouth. She moaned and looked up at him with her bright blue eyes submissively. He let out another moan of passion and then grabbed her head and shoved his cock all the way down his throat, blowing his load in the process. 

Christina was taken off guard but his sudden ejaculation but recovered enough to swallow his load down. His body shuddered as he came long and hard into her mouth. "Dayum..." he moaned. Christina mentally rolled her eyes as she remembered that boys his age usually spent quickly. If experience taught her one thing it was that he'd be hard again in no time, so she continued sucking on him. Besides, if her mental calculations were anywhere close to the mark, this could be their last night alive on the planet. She was determined to enjoy it and potentially survive. If she gave a nineteen or twentysomething boy a good time in the process, so much the better. 

She expertly sucked him back to life. When he was hard again, his need to play the alpha male came back and this time he pushed her back onto the cold, hard floor of the storage room. Christina grabbed her fanny pack to use as a pillow and then lifted her legs up to her chest, spreading them wide for him. The young guard yanked her panties aside and went for it. "Wait! Condom!" she told him, pushing against him to hold him off from penetrating her. 

"For what I'm doing for you, I wanna fuck you bareback!" he protested. 

"Ugh..." Christina rolled her eyes and sighed in disgust. "I don't want you blowing your wad too soon, my dear." She reached into the front flap of her back pack and tossed him a Trojan. "This'll help keep you hard so that I can enjoy it too. You do want to give a woman pleasure, don't you?" 

"Oh... yeah... of course," he readily agreed, taking the condom and sheathing himself. 

Christina smiled at him. "I'm on the pill so I'll let you take it off and finish inside of me," she reached down and stroked him and then guided him forward to her pussy. "Trust me." 

"Oooohhh... yeaaaaaahhh..." he moaned in agreement as his cock sank deep into her. Then he started pounding away hard and fast. He leaned down to suck on one of her tits and she guided him to her right one with her hand on the back of his head while she slid her left hand down between them to start fingering her clit. 

"Oh yes, that's it baby," Christina murmured into his ear, goading him on. "Fuck me hard like the whore that I am." 

"You like that, do ya?" he grunted as he humped her. 

"Oh yea... fuck me... you're so big inside of me and you're the best!" It was a blatant lie. He was average size at best and his technique left a lot to be desired. With her fingering herself while his condom covered cock pistoned in and out of her pussy, she was shuddering from an orgasm in no time at all. Her pussy fluttered around his cock, squeezing and releasing it in rapid rhythm. The only sound she made was a sharp intake of breath while her body quivered underneath of his. It was a survival mechanism that she'd developed over the years she'd used her body to achieve her goals. 

"I'm gonna blow!" he cried out suddenly, kneeling back and pulling out of her suddenly. He ripped the condom off and shoved his cock back into her pussy just in time for him to cum. She felt his hot seed flood up inside of her womb with more force than she'd originally gave him credit for. "AAAHHHHHH!" he gasped as his cock throbbed inside of her. 

"YESSSS!" Christina threw her head back, arched her back, and squeezed her thighs and legs around his midsection, faking the orgasm for his benefit. "OH GOD YES!" she cried out, putting on the show for him. "Oh god, you're so good! Fill me up with your cum, baby!" His orgasm lasted a good, long minute at which point he slumped down on top of her, totally spent, and his body covered with a sheen of sweat. "You did good, baby, you're the best." she cooed at him, kissing his head and running her hand through his hair as he rested on her breasts. 

"Mmmm... thank you..." he groaned, his cock still twitching intermittently inside of her pussy. "Best... Sex... Ever..." 

They laid there on the floor together for some time until an alarm sounded, jerking them both out of the post sex haze. His eyes went wide. "FUCK!" he yelled as he jumped to his feet and was back inside of his urban fatigues in record time. "Come on!" he reached down and pulled her to her feet. "Grab your stuff!" 

"What's going on?" she asked as she stuffed her miniskirt into her fanny pack and grabbed both it and the backpack, following him out of the store room in nothing but her panties. 

"The wave is about to hit! That's the initial warning!" he said urgently, leading her out into the main floor and into the first cryo unit he found at the very back corner. "Give me your things, I'll put them in the locker here. Place your hand on the pad and state your name to the computer. That'll be the way you open up the locker later," he hastily explained. Christina did as he instructed while he stashed her bags. "Alright, now get in!" he pointed to the unit. 

Christina hopped in, pressing back into the upright couch. "What about you?" she asked, suddenly concerned for the young man. 

"Crew units are on the top floor. We'll be the first ones out once it's all over," he told her, manipulating the controls and then pulling a lever. He then grinned at her. "See ya on the other side, babe," he leaned in and gave her one, last lingering kiss. "For what it's worth, thank you for taking my virginity and making me feel like I rocked your world. I know you had to have been playing with me, but I appreciate it all the same." 

She was suddenly endeared to the young man. Reaching out, she grabbed him by the lapels and pulled him in for a real passionate kiss. "You stay safe, okay?" 

"I will, thanks!" With that, he pulled a second lever and the cryo pod closed in on her, encasing her in darkness. 

There was a hissing noise followed by the sound of liquid filling up. She felt it on her bare toes first, filling up to her shapely calves and toned thighs. Christina steadied herself and tried to control her breathing. She'd read up on these things using the instructional pamphlets that they'd had up top. The stuff was called liquid atmosphere and she'd be able to breathe in it. Once the pod was filled, it'd freeze her to the point where she'd be in a hibernation state. The liquid came up and over her mound, making her squirm, and then was up past her naval. Then her breasts, which made her nipples perk up. She had the sensation of skinny dipping as it filled up past her collar bone and then up her neck. Remembering the instructions, she took one deep breath and held it until it was up and over her face. Then she forcefully blew it out of her lungs. 

Her body, being totally submerged, wanted to keep her mouth clamped shut but then basic biology kicked in and forced her to take a breath. Like the pamphlet said; humans breathe liquid for the first nine months they're in the womb, we have to teach our bodies to do it again inside the pods. The liquid gushed into her airways and she thrashed inside of the pod briefly as her body basically drowned. But then her lungs were working normally as she took one breath after another, her chest heaving inside of the thick liquid. Boy... this is both weird and erotic all at the same time... she thought as the gooey stuff filled up every crack and orifice of her body. I wonder how long it'll be until... 

She never finished that thought as she let out one last breath as the cryo pod knocked her out and put her into survival hibernation for her to sleep away the impending disaster. 

* 

A loud beeping sound penetrated Christina's skull. She blinked her eyes and stared into darkness, but warmth crept into her body. There was a hissing sound and the door to the cryo pod opened up and all of the red liquid atmosphere poured out in a gush. Her torso convulsed, and she coughed and threw up the red goo onto the grated floor as she fell out of the pod and fell down to all fours. She looked around and saw others coming out of their pods. One young man in black was pounding at two of the pods, shouting "NO!" in despair. He took a moment, wailed in anguish, had a moment of sorrow, and then got to work getting the things out of his locker and the two other lockers next to his. Then he was darting out the door. 

Christina took her time to wipe the goo from her body, acutely aware that she was the only one here naked save for a pair of panties. Some people gave her a questioning look and she glared at them saying "Hey, at least I don't have to go find somewhere to wash my clothes at," as she got her locker open to fetch her bags. She took a towel out of her backpack to get the red goo off of her and out of her hair and offered it to a nearby woman. Then she set about getting her more sensible hiking boots, socks, jeans, shirt, bra, and hoodie out to change into. 

As she dressed, she noticed that there were some people who were acting just like the young man in black had; crying and carrying on about some of the pods. It then hit her that their loved ones were in there and they weren't coming out. She walked over to the ones that the man in black had been fussing over and the digital words on the dusty screens dispassionately said: "SUBJECT EXPIRED". They were dead inside the pods. Christina felt for them but ultimately, she couldn't do anything for them. Instead, she went back to her bags at her pod and got ready to leave. 

Loud popping noises came from far overhead. People paused in what they were doing to look upwards. Some wondered out loud what the noises were, but Christina had heard it enough times from the neighborhood she'd grown up in to know; gunfire. What made it worse is that they were on the lowest level of the bunker with virtually no place to go. If whoever was shooting up there knew about the emergency exits, they were all screwed. Not wanting to make a scene, Christina casually picked up her bags and strolled out a side door. She didn't go for the main exit or the emergency exit. Instead, she went to the storage room where she'd had her night of passion with that young guard. I wonder how long it's been? she wondered as she entered the room and locked it behind her. She thought about barricading herself in but that'd make it too obvious that someone was in here and she needed things to look natural for her plan to work. 

Christina grabbed up a few survival ration bars, MREs, and some bottles of water from the shelves and shoving them into her packs. She walked by the spot where her and the guard had fucked at and noticed that the discarded condom was still there, albeit it was now dried, cracked, and almost completely disintegrated now. That, along with the dusty displays and shelves, gave her an idea at just how much time had passed. She went over to the large vent high up on the wall, stood on the table underneath of it, and fetched her multitool from her backpack. Unscrewing the lower screws in the vent, she was able to get it to swing up just enough for her to get inside. She tossed her bags in first, then squirmed her way in. The last part, before shuffling back further into the vent duct, was to delicately place the screws back into their holes and hand screw them in just enough to make it look like the vent was undisturbed. 

As she shuffled her body into the duct and around one corner of the T-Junction some twenty feet back from the vent covering, part of her wondered what idiot designed this place with ducts large enough for someone to crawl through. Then she realized that they were probably this big because they'd need massive amounts of air to get down here to the lower levels for ventilation. Either way, this was where she was going to hunker down at until whoever it was that was attacking the place had left. 

She listened as the gunfire got closer and closer as whoever was attacking was coming down the vault by each level. The sounds of people fighting and dying outside filled the vents. There were angry shouts and women crying. As the chaos ensued, Christina was able to piece together what was happening. Someone, she mentally called them bandits, was coming in. They knew that the cryo pods were opening up. They were shooting people who were fighting back, men mainly, and taking prisoners. Based on how the women were reacting, they were stripping the women naked, tying them up, and marching them out the door in single file procession. In the cacophony of battle, she heard some people threaten to call the police, army, or national guard to which the bandits just laughed. To her, that suggested that there was finally a total societal breakdown. Terms and phrases such as "Sex", "Selling", and "Auction" told Christina that anarchy reigned supreme outside and that selling sex slaves at auctions was the new fashion. 

Okay... so just like before, I'm totally on my own...Christina thought, mentally preparing herself for what is to come as the bandits made it down to the last level. So... if I am found out here, I have two options; fight or surrender. If I fight, I might die in a hail of gunfire. If I surrender, I might die a slow and painful death for who the fuck knows who'd buy me for whatever purposes. She ticked off the pros and cons in her head. One thing is for sure; if I am caught I will be raped... men will more than likely use my body for their pleasure. 

Christina actually got a bit of perverse thrill out of that last thought. She'd often fantasized about just such a scenario and now here it was playing out in real life. Her pussy went slick and she subconsciously rubbed her thighs together at the idea. Ultimately, she decided on fighting just because she'd seen movies like Hostel too many times to want to be tortured to death. If she was going to be killed, she wanted it to be fast. If she wound up being captured, she wanted to go out saying that at least she fought back and not just rolled over and died as she'd heard some women already do. She reached into her backpack, and got her Gen 8 Glock 19 out, clipping the holster to her belt, pulled it out and chambered a round, finger pressing to confirm that it was loaded and ready to fire, and then holstered the weapon. 
