 Apocalypse Slaves Part 10 - Barbie 

by AlexClayton 

*** 

Author's Notes: This one is a bit of the same but also a bit different from my other installments. The plotline in this one was almost entirely fan driven by one of my followers; ABarbieDoll. She gave me her stats and description for use in this story along with her likes and desires. I merely gave her a journey to go on here. 

So, Barbie, this story is for you. I hope that it lives up to your fantasies. 

Chapter numbering continues from previous installments for continuity sake. 

*** 

"Most men and women will grow up to love their servitude and will never dream of revolution." 

-Aldous Huxley, Brave New World 

* 

CHAPTER 98: Her New Role in Life. 

Barbie did nothing but weep while the slave truck took her to the Chicago Hab. One minute her and her sorority sisters, the thirty or so of them that had survived anyway, were coming out of cryo sleep to escape the impending doom of the world and the next minute slavers were yanking them out of the bunker, forcing them to strip naked, and then putting them into trucks like cattle. She'd cried herself to sleep many times during the trip, waking up intermittently to find themselves on the road still or pulling off to the side so everyone could relieve themselves and get a drink of water. Then it was back into the cages and continuing on. 

They'd been captured by some really mean looking gang who was headed up by one of the biggest, toughest, black men Barbie had ever seen. He called himself Big Jim Walker of the 42nd Street Shooters. He'd informed them that they, the women anyway, were going to be auctioned of as breeding and pleasure stock. Their lives, as they knew it, was now over. 

They crossed miles upon miles of bleak landscaped that used to be her nice, safe, America, they were at their destination as the sun disappeared over the western horizon. Every so often the convoy of slave trucks would stop as they passed little towns and settlements. Women, and even a few men, were apparently bargained for and sold off along the way. At one such stop, in the middle of the night, Barbie was yanked down off of the back of her truck and made to stand in a line on the rough ground with other women with headlights lighting them up, all with strawberry blonde hair, hourglass figures, and big breasts in the D range and above, were selected. She stood there, shivering in fright as some very tough looking raiders that looked like they were straight out of Mad Max looked them up and down. Self-consciously, and embarrassed about her nudity in front of these strangers, Barbie lowered her head and moved her hands to cover her D-Cup Breasts and her blonde, wisp covered mound. Barbie was slim in her frame at 34-26-35 stats. At college she was considered drop-dead gorgeous and now she was ashamed at being paraded in front of these thugs for who knew what purpose. 

"Awwww..." she heard a hardened woman's voice say close to her. "This one's trying to be modest, ain't that sweet." Barbie looked up and her eyes widened, shocked to see that there was a woman raider standing right in front of her. She figured that all raiders in the apocalypse would be guys. Yet, here was a hardened bitch, short shaved brown hair and everything, looking like Charlize Theron from Mad Max: Fury Road, staring right at her, leering at her. "Come on, babe, don't be shy, lets see those pre-flare soft titties of yours," she said, stepping up and slapping Barbie's hands away until they were down by her sides. Barbie blushed furiously at being handled in such a way by another woman. 

"Ya find a nice soft woman to warm yer bunk down there yet, Pepper?" a man from down the line called out. 

"I dunno, we allowed to try before we buy?" the woman, Pepper, called back. "How about it, Shooter?" she asked one of the black slaver gang members, who merely shrugged, and gave her a casual gesture to proceed. 

Pepper grinned as she motioned for Barbie to turn around. Barbie looked at her, aghast. "Come on, bitch, I don't got all day," Pepper said, lunging forward to grab Barbie by the arm, spinning her around in place to face the trucks and bending her over. Barbie cried out in pain as Pepper put an arm lock on her to force her to bend at the waist. Then Pepper reached down and felt up Barbie's exposed mound, making her shudder and cry out as the pleasure suddenly, and unexpectedly, radiated out from her loins. She squirmed uncomfortably because she'd never been pleasured by a woman before and she wasn't quite sure how she liked it or not. 

Taking a length of rope out, Pepper bound Barbie's wrists together in an expert bondage technique and then raised Barbie's hands high above her back, using her own arms as leverage to keep her over. Barbie cried out again in discomfort and humiliation as she was bent over and exposed for everyone, slaver and slave alike, to see. Pepper then straightened out her right fore and middle fingers and drove them right up into Barbie's now glistening pussy. Barbie shrieked as she was suddenly penetrated by the woman's rough fingers. Pepper drove her two fingers ruthlessly in and out of Barbie's pussy, fucking her hard with her hand. Barbie cried and blubbered as her nipples turned into two hardened little pebbles at the end of her dangling and bouncing breasts. She felt herself getting wetter and wetter as Pepper finger fucked her. 

Then, suddenly, Barbie cried out again but in a different way. Pepper had been dragging her fingers up and down Barbie's G-Spot during the hard and fast finger fuck. The forced orgasm took her off guard and Barbie dropped to her knees, doubling over and sobbing uncontrollably as her whole body shuddered and throbbed in the throes of the unexpected climax. She kept her head down to the ground, crying in shame, as she was forced to cum in front of all these strangers and her own sorority sisters, who looked down on her with sympathy. 

"I'll take this one!" Pepper announced to her boss. "We'll get a lot of tabs outta her if she cums this easily." 

"Alright," her boss called back. "Collar the bitch and get her on your ATV, we got some miles to make up before we can make camp tonight." 

"Way ahead of ya!" Pepper said with glee, straddling Barbie's prostrated body, snaking a black leather collar down around her neck. 

Barbie gasped as she felt the leather snake around her neck to get locked into place. She looked up just as Pepper hooked a finger under it as she smiled smugly down at her. "You belong to me now, bitch. You got a nice cushy, pre-flare name, bitch? Or should I just name you bitch?" 

"B-B-Barbie," she blubbered out. 

"Fitting... you look like one of those blonde-headed bimbo fuckdolls," Pepper snorted. "On your feet, Barbie Doll, let's go." Pepper yanked her to her feet and led her down the line of trucks to a circle of ATVs, Motorcycles, buggies, and other vehicles that looked like they didn't need to be constrained by roads. Pepper led her over to one quad, that looked like it was outfitted to cover hundreds of miles instead of being used for short trips like they had been in Barbie's time. 

Barbie's hands were cut loose long enough for her hands to be put up onto the handles of the quad to be tied down there while she sat on the elongated hard leather cushion, right next to the gas tank. She found that her wet pussy seemed to mold perfectly to the contour of the cushion. Her ankles were then tied down to support struts on either side of the engine housing. Once she was secured to the quad ATV in such a way that she was totally helpless, Pepper slid onto the seat behind her, taking time to rub Barbie's breasts and mound before starting the machine up. "I'm gonna enjoy pimping your ass out," she said with glee before her and her gang tore out of there with their new purchases proudly displayed on their vehicles in some way, shape, or form. 

* 

The sun was starting to poke up over the horizon behind them in the east when the raider bike gang finally stopped in an old crossroads town in the middle of nowhere. Barbie was a moaning, drooling mess having already cum multiple times from the vibrations of the ATV engine under her crotch during the hours-long drive through the night and from her new owner's roving hands around her body as they rode. Pepper left her there as she hustled off into one old, abandoned house, pistol at the ready. Barbie took the time to lay down, draped over the gas tank, and catch her breath, her hands still lashed to the handlebars of the ATV. 

A few minutes later, Pepper came out and moved the ATV over to an open garage. Barbie moaned in dismay as the revved engine sent more erotic shivers up out of her loins. Then the engine mercifully stopped as Pepper killed the engine. "Let's go, Barbie Doll," Pepper said, using her knife to cut the knots and pull the ropes off. Then she hauled Barbie off of the ATV and up into the house itself. Barbie was dropped unceremoniously onto the floor of a living room that looked like it had seen better days. At one point in time it might have even been a nice place to live but nature and weather had taken its toll on the place. Windows were long since busted out, there was a layer of dirt everywhere. Pepper didn't seem to mind as she fetched her pack from the garage and started laying out a little campsite right there in the living room; bedroll laid out in the center of three old, rotted couches, her backpack on the nearby coffee table that had been kicked aside, and reflective foil covering all of the windows. "Remember this setup, Doll," Pepper told her, wrenching Barbie's head up and making her new slave looking around. After today, when we stop, you're setting my shit up like this and it will be setup within five minutes of us stopping for the day. Got it?" 

"Yeeeessss..." Barbie moaned pathetically. 

"Yes, Mistress," Pepper corrected her, slapping Barbie hard on her bare ass. Barbie yelped in pain as she responded properly in a weak mew. "Get yer ass up onto your knees, bitch," Pepper then growled, yanking Barbie up by her long hair that was already dirty and wind-whipped from the long overnight trip. "You already had some fun, getting your slut-ass off on my ride multiple times, now it's my turn." 

Barbie looked up at her in trepidation as Pepper stripped off her road leathers right there in front of her. Pepper had a thin, athletic body with smallish tits tipped by dark brown nipples. Her skin was nicely tanned from top to bottom, a result of spending a lot of time on the road, no doubt. Barbie swallowed hard as a now naked Pepper stepped up to her, grabbed a fistful of her hair, leered down at her, and dragged Barbie's mouth up to her smooth, bare mound. "Lick it and suck it, bitch," Pepper demanded, jutting her hips out to place her pussy right onto Barbie's lips. "DO IT!" she ordered. "EAT ME OUT AND GET ME OFF, BITCH!" That's when Barbie saw that Pepper still had her belt in the other hand, something that she used to lash out at Barbie's round, plump ass. 

Unable to bring herself to do it, despite the lashing on her ass that now stung something awful, Barbie shook her head no and pushed away. Pepper snarled at her and pushed her down to the ground, rolling her over to her belly so that she could whip her ass mercilessly with the belt. Barbie lay there, crying and whimpering like a whipped puppy as Pepper then got the rope that had been used to bind Barbie's wrists to the ATV handlebars and used it to tie Barbie's hands behind her back. It was in such a way that Barbie still had circulation in her hands, but her wrists were bound together with anchor rope running between them to keep her from wiggling free. Then Pepper wrenched Barbie back up to her knees, jutted her mound back into Barbie's face, and repeated the order with another spank of the belt to her ass. Barbie cried out in pain again and looked up at her new Mistress with tears of pain and humiliation streaming from her eyes. But her mouth started working onto Pepper's pussy, coving it up completely and dragging her tongue up and down Pepper's slit. 

"Mmmmm... that's more like it you pampered little pre-flare slut..." Pepper hummed with pleasure as Barbie was forced to eat her out. Every so often, Pepper lashed out with the belt, catching Barbie on the ass and making her jerk and squeal with pain. Nevertheless, Barbie kept on licking and sucking at Pepper's mound, hoping and praying that she was making Pepper get off as she didn't want to be spanked anymore. 

Pepper seemed to forget about spanking her as soon she was breathing heavily and gasping with pleasure as Barbie's mouth worked on her. She dropped the belt and brought her hand up to her own tits to squeeze hand and tweak her own nipples. "Oh yeah..." she gasped. "Right there... just like that... lick your Mistress' clit! Don't you dare fucking stop, bitch, or I will spank your ass black and blue..." she breathed, her chest heaving with pleasure now. Barbie whined again as her jaw was starting to hurt from where she had to keep it open and locked over her Mistress' pussy, but she did not dare pull back again... not after the beating she got the first time. "AW FUCK YEAH!" Pepper arched back and screamed as her body started to convulse and shake from the orgasm that shot up through her. Once she was done, and she was humming in pleasure, she bent over, wrenched Barbie's head back and kissed her roughly and deeply, tasting her own juices all over Barbie's mouth and chin. "Keep that up and we might just keep ya," she grinned, kissing Pepper on the nose. "Now come on, chow time." 

*** 

CHAPTER 99: Public Use. 

The gang met in the communal building that had once doubled as a town hall and a church for their meal. The raiders sat in a large circle around a fire in the middle of the huge main room that served to hold people during meetings and services. Pews had been either tossed aside or chopped into firewood that was piled up nearby. The raiders, eight men and two women for ten in all, all laughed and traded stories and talked about the new acquisitions, all of whom kneeling naked and submissively behind their respective Master or Mistress with their hands tied behind their backs and their heads bowed to the floor. The ten slaves, about half of them freshly bought along with Barbie, were only allowed to eat whenever their respective owners saw fit to place a morsel of food or a bowl of stew or something in front of them for them to lap up like a pet. 

When Pepper first tossed Barbie a piece of meat that landed on the dirty floor ahead of her, Barbie balked at it, wrinkling her nose and shying away from it, Pepper laughed. "Fine, starve, you'll eat it soon enough," she chortled. As much as Barbie hated to admit it, she was right. Soon her stomach growled from the lack of food in it and Barbie swallowed her pride, bent over, and delicately picked it up with her teeth to work it into her mouth. Dirt and all, it tasted surprisingly good. She then blushed as the raiders laughed at her tentative submission. 

Here and there, as the meal progressed, Barbie caught names. Pepper and Ember were the two women of the gang and both were tough as any man in the group. Old Zeke was the grizzled old leader of the gang with silver hair. He dictated when the group would move and where the group went to. Barbie learned from him that they moved at night and stayed put during the day because of the sun's harmful UV rays that were worse now that the Flare had occurred, cooking off most of Earth's protective ozone layer. Viper and Cobra were twin brothers as well as the team's brute enforcers as they were taller than life and lightning quick. Patch was an older vet of the gang and was in charge when Zeke wasn't around. Blob was the biggest and tallest of them all at nearly seven feet tall and a big bear of a man. He was the pure muscle of the group and looked like he could snap a log in half with his huge hands. The last three were average build guys who were the group's mechanics, procurement specialist, and tinkerer. They were Dust, Snatch, and Bullet, respectively. Barbie found out that Pepper, Dust, Snatch, and Cobra were the ones who'd bought new girls as they'd either had sold off their old ones or never had ones to begin with. 

"So let's move on to dessert," Old Zeke clapped his hands with glee, rubbing them in anticipation as his lustful gaze settled over Barbie and the three girls that had been bought with her. All four of them withered under his and the gang's hungry gaze as their respective owners got up to untie their hands from behind their backs. 

"Here," Pepper said, pushing Barbie over so that she had to catch herself on her hands. "Use mine, first. She's a stuck up, modest little bitch who doesn't think that she belongs here with us." Barbie looked up at her in alarm, wondering what brought that on and Pepper just smirked. "Oh don't give me that look, Barbie Doll, you tried covering yourself up when I inspected you in line and tried to get out from getting me off. The way I see it, a few cocks in you should loosen you up a bit." Pepper planted her boot onto Barbie's bare as and shoved her forward into the middle of the circle of raiders. "Go ahead, fuck a baby into her. Maybe we can sell her to one of the farms over in the Colorado Coalition when she starts mooing." 

"Mistress! No!" Barbie cried out, but it was too late. Viper and Cobra were already grabbing her, dragging her in front of Old Zeke and flipping her over to her back. Barbie twisted and turned her body in an attempt to get away, but the brothers were too strong for her. They kept a hold of each of her arms and reached down to each grab an ankle. spreading her wide, as Zeke took off his jacket and shirt before opening his leather pants to whip his old, leathery cock out. "Oh God!" she shouted in dismay as Zeke started stroking himself to hardness. "NO! DON'T! PLEASE, NO!" she screamed as if anyone was going to help her. Now she thrashed about in a futile effort to get free. All it did was seem to amuse and arouse her captors. 

Zeke gave her a cruel smile as he mounted her and drove his cock down into her nubile young body. "Damn, she's tight and dripping wet already!" he hissed with pleasure as Barbie let out a long, mournful scream of dismay as she was so suddenly and roughly penetrated by a man who looked to be three times her age. She arched her back, whipping her torso back and forth, trying to keep Zeke off of her breasts but soon his coarse lips were locked around her right nipple while his calloused hand was squeezing her left breast. He pinned her down with his body as he started to pump his cock in and out of her. Barbie tried to get up to dislodge him, was unable to, and just fell back to the floor, crying and sobbing in dismay as Zeke has his way with her. A moment later she felt his hot cum gush up into her body before pulling out of her and letting the next one of his men take her. 

Barbie fell limp between Viper and Cobra, crying hysterically as she felt Zeke's cum now oozing out of her. She didn't want to be pregnant. She definitely didn't want to be pregnant by any of these men! Worse of all, she didn't want to be pregnant in this hellish landscape that she woke up into. Barbie wanted to believe that none of this was real, that this was all a bad dream or all in her head, but the fact that her feet hurt from being forced to walk barefoot over rough, scorched, rubble strewn ground, her butt hurting from being spanked by her new Mistress, and the pain and humiliation at being taken just now by Zeke, all proved that this was reality and she was royally fucked... both literally and figuratively. 

Patch, already naked, was next on top of her. As she'd stopped fighting them, he shooed Viper and Cobra away and shoved his already hard cock up into Barbie. Barbie cried out as she was penetrated again. She shook her head back and forth in disbelief as Patch grabbed her slender wrists and humped his way to orgasmic bliss a few minutes later. When he pulled out once he was spent, Barbie curled up into a ball, rolling to her side, sobbing uncontrollably at being used by two men in the space of just mere minutes. What was more, she was crying at the fact that her body was betraying her, and her pussy just seemed to want more... feeling empty and begging to be filled up again. 
