 Apocalypse Slaves, Part 13: Andrea, Luci, and Kasey 

By: AlexClayton 

*** 

Authors Notes: 

Model Inspirations: 

For Andrea, I used Nicole Nudes/Nicole Nu Model (Unknown Stats, BBW/Curvy model, Red Hair, Green Eyes). 

For Luci, Luciana/Zoe McDonald (36-28-35, 5'5", Blonde Hair, Blue Eyes) 

Kasey: Sierra McKenzie. (40DD-29-40, 5'6", Red Hair, Green Eyes) 

Chapter numbering continues from previous parts just for continuity's sake. 

*** 

CHAPTER 121: A Quick Fix. 

Andrea crossed her arms and looked at her family irritably, then back at the landlord. Behind her, she could hear her husband, Jonathon, letting out a long, beleaguered sigh. She didn't even have to look at him to know that he was shaking his head in disgust at her family's, his in-laws, carelessness in managing their house finances. "How much do they owe you?" Andrea asked the landlord at last. 

"Four hundred tabs," he said, with his own arms crossed and looking just at pissed to be having this conversation. "That's four months of back rent." 

"Four months!?" Andrea asked incredulously, now glaring at her family, who withered under her harsh gaze. 

"Yes, and they said that you could pay." The landlord, a buff, bald headed man in a sleeveless t-shirt by the name of Wayne, said. He had the tough look but Andrea knew from experience that he was more bark than bite as she was the one who'd negotiated with him in the first place for her family to live in his town. 

"Of course they did," Andrea huffed. She didn't have the tabs to cover the debt and if she didn't do anything right now then her family would be out off their house, out on the streets, and into the harsh, unforgiving sun. Or worse, they'd be at her house and if they didn't drive her nuts in the first week, her husband would be liable to kill them all to save himself the grief and heartache. Andrea made a show of looking up at the rising sun and shielding her eyes. It was early in the morning when her sister came over in a rush, rousing her and Jon from bed while they were in the middle of making love, to let them know that Wayne was at the house to evict them. Now it was sunrise. "Look, Wayne, let's go inside and talk, I'm sure that we can come to an arrangement," she gestured towards her family's house while tucking an errant strand of her long straight red hair behind her ear. 

"Alright then," Wayne said, all business, leading the way in. 

Andrea followed him, pausing at the front door long enough to look at Jon and jerk her head towards her parents, sister, and brother-in-law. Then she gave a pointed look at town. He nodded, getting the message. Then she made a slight gyrating of her hips, a back pump of both fists, and jerked her head into the house while looking in Wayne's direction. Jon's face twisted into a frown but he nodded, knowing the alternative. Andrea smiled and blew him a kiss, thankful for his understanding. She'd mouthed to him that she'd make it up to him later. He nodded back at her then turned his attention towards her family. "Come on, you all," she heard Jon saying as she turned to go into the house. "Let's go into town and get some breakfast." 

"What about the house?" her father was asking. 

"Andrea is taking care of it, like she always does," Jon snapped at him. "Now move it!" 

That was the last of the exchange that Andrea heard as she closed and locked the front door behind her, taking a wire ring with tabs hanging off of them out of her cleavage and hanging them on the door knob. She took a deep breath and ventured on into the house, moving from the entryway through the arched walkway, and into the spacious living room. The house was a old, run-down, brick plantation home along the Ohio River that Andrea had been told dated to back to the Civil War of Old America... possibly even further. The three story tall house had been updated multiple times over the years to pre-Flare technology. It was technology that helped the old fossil of a house survive. She'd arranged for her parents and siblings to fix up the house and work the land it was on in exchange for them living her at the low price of a hundred tabs a month. But now she could see that they'd been neglecting taking care of the place. Where the fuck have their tabs been going to? 

Wayne was waiting for her in the living room, sitting on one of the couches. She took a seat in the other couch across the coffee table from him. "So, how much can you pay to get them caught up?" 

"We only have a hundred tabs or so in our savings that we can spare," Andrea told him flat out. "We brought them with us but I imagine that's not going to be enough to keep my family in here, is it?" 

"No, it's not," Wayne said with a shake of his head. "Your family has been habitually late in their rent before. To get four months behind is inexcusable. I need their account to be current if they're going to continue to live here in this house." He spread his arms wide. "Look at this place, it might be in need of serious renovations, sure, but I can easily fit four families in here as opposed to just your two," he said. Andrea knew he regarded her parents as one family and her sister, brother-in-law, and their two toddler sons as a second family. 

"Surely you wouldn't put children out into this harsh environment?" Andrea asked, putting a slight hint of pleading and desperation into her voice as she leaned over to rest her forearms on her knees to show off her ample cleavage. Reaching up, she popped the first button of her shirt to let more show. At a 48F, she easily had one of the largest racks around, comparable to maybe her sister and a few of her cousins in town. "I'll do anything..." she added suggestively. 

Wayne arched his eyebrow, catching the implication. "You're not worth four hundred tabs," he said flatly. 

Andrea huffed again, irritated that he wasn't the kind to be simply bought off by a piece of ass. "I'm not saying I'm worth four hundred tabs. All I'm suggesting is an... arrangement... to keep my family here until my husband and I are paid again so we can get them caught up. We just need time to take over the family finances, get paid, and get you your tabs. Think of it as getting the interest out of me. Come on, I hear the people in town talk, my best friend included. How long do you really get laid?" 

"Not often enough," Wayne admitted, his eyes now roving up and down Andrea's body. Andrea knew that she had his interest now and so popped a couple more buttons from her shirt open so that he could now easily see the swells of her breasts encased in her bra. She heard him let out an involuntary groan of lust while he shifted in his seat. His face was twisted into a grimace as he tried to get comfortable while not being obvious about it. Andrea upped the ante by unbuttoning her shirt all the way to open it up, exposing her voluptuous, bra clad breasts to him. "Alright, alright," he said at last. "Against my better judgement, they can stay here. When do you expect to get paid?" 

"End of the month," Andrea said without hesitation, bracing for his terms. 

"End of each week you come to my house, you still know where I live at, right? Down by the river in the old town center?" he asked. Andrea nodded. "You come to me every Friday, and you will do anything that I ask until I release you on Saturday morning until your family's debt is paid off. Those are my terms and they are not negotiable. Deal?" 

Andrea nodded. "Deal." It was actually a better deal than she could hope for, given the situation. 

"Good," Wayne said, nodding as well to seal the deal. He then cocked his head to look out the windows. "I assume that we will not be disturbed for the next... hm... hour?" 

"My husband took our kids and my family down to town so that we could... negotiate." Andrea said. 

Wayne harrumphed and regarded her. "He's not going to come and kill me in my sleep, is he?" he asked with a hint of amusement. "His temper is infamous." 

"No, we have an understanding between us," Andrea explained. "Believe me, this is far preferable than having my family move in with us. He'd probably shoot my parents and my brother-in-law, enslave my sister, and raise our nephews as our own kids if they had to move in with us." She half shrugged. "Provided he hasn't done that already." 

"Alright then," he said, taking his t-shirt off to reveal his washboard abs before gesturing with his hand. "Take it off." 

Andrea shouldered out of her shirt before reaching back behind her to undo the clasps of her bra. The clasps popped free and her heavy chest fell free as the cups dropped. She put both garments off to the side as he stepped up to her, undoing his jeans. His cock sprang free and she had to lean back quickly to avoid being hit by it. He then reached out, grabbed her by the back of her head, and pulled her back towards it. It was a useless and unneeded gesture as she was already opening her mouth to take him in. She figured him to be of average length at about six or seven inches as she was able to take him in all the way quite easily. After deep-throating a Forty Second Street Shooter from Chicago with a twelve inch big black cock, a seven inch skinhead wannabe was no problem. She looked up at him with her big green eyes. 

"Mmmmmm..." Wayne groaned as Andrea stated sucking him off. He reached down and hefted her massive tits in his hands, rolling his thumbs around her large nipples before pinching them both. Andrea let out a little grunt of her own as her breasts were played with. Her breasts and nipple were always sensitive despite their large size. Tiny electrodes of pleasure shot from her nipples down her body to pool into her loins. Now it was her turn to shift uncomfortably in her seat as she went wet inside of her jeans. "Take 'em off," Wayne told her, reaching down to run a finger up the fly of her pants, "I don't want to wait long." 

Andrea unbuttoned her pants, lifting her round bottom up off of the couch just long enough to slide her pants and panties off her hips and ass, on down to the floor. While she continued giving Wayne a blowjob, she reached down to pull her boots off to get her clothes off all of the way. The moment she was totally naked, Wayne pulled his cock from her lips and nudged her shoulder back. Andrea lay back into the couch as Wayne reached down to lift her knees up for leverage. She shimmied down in the couch a bit so that he'd have the best access to her already moistening pussy. He grabbed his cock, dragging the head up and down her slit, making her shudder just a bit. Then he eased down into her until their bodies were joined and their loins were locked. 

It wasn't until after she got over her initial euphoria of his cock sliding into her that she heard that he had said something. "Hm?" she asked, looking up at him. 

"I asked if you were on the root?" he repeated the question. 

"Yeah," Andrea nodded. "We got two kids. We don't need anymore right now." 

"Good." With that, Wayne put his hand down on her throat and started to pump his hips into her. Andrea closed her eyes and let out a moaning grunt with each drive of his cock into her. Her hands went out to the sides against the couch back for support and she tried to put the fact out of her mind that she was being taken on a couch in her parents' living room by a man that she was not even married to. 

Thankfully, what Wayne had said earlier about not getting as much as he wanted to was obviously true as he only lasted just a few strokes before blowing his load up inside of her. He let out a pained grunt and she felt his balls twitch against her ass before his cum flowed up into her. She let out a grunt as well as he buried his cock all the way up against her cervix and held it there until he was finally done. Then he was all business as he pulled out of her, stuffed his cock back into his jeans, and got his t-shirt. "Friday night, sundown, don't be late," he reminded her. 

"Got it," Andrea sighed as she started getting her clothes together. 

"That'll be 'Yes, Master' until your family's debt is paid off to me, got it?" Wayne amended with a pointed look. 

"Only when we're alone together at your place will I do that," Andrea countered, glaring at him. "If you make me do that out in public then I'll make sure that my husband feeds you your balls before he kills you. Got it?" She jerked her head towards the door. "The tabs are on a ring on the table out there. Get them and go." 

Wayne scowled at her, but didn't bother pushing the issue. "See you on Friday," he said on his way out, snagging the first payment on his way. 

* 

Jonathon waited until his thirteen year old daughter had taken his five year old son, three year old nephew, and two year old nephew over to the play area of the town's family-oriented restaurant called M's, named after the giant yellow M that was emblazoned on the pre-flare sign that somehow still stood. The story went was that some big name guy by the name of MacDonald owned thousands of these restaurants at one point in time all over the world. Jon had once dismissed the story as pure fantasy as no one person would be able to handle such an empire but as he grew and started doing business in the nearby Hab cities of Cincinnati, Lexington, Louisville, and even Chicago and Indianapolis, he started to change that opinion as the evidence was all over for such a claim. At any rate, it was covered from the sun and he could buy everyone a meal for the cost of calling in a few favors that were owed to him by the current owner. 

As he sat with his in-laws, waiting for the food to arrive, he watched the kids as they started to play. His daughter was growing up so fast and he just silently prayed to the god Chuck Norris that he'd protect his little girl as she grew up in this harsh world. After a few long, tense moments of silence, he looked at his assembled family. "Anyone care to start as to where four working adults' income went to over the course of four months?" he ground out at last. 

As expected, his father- and sister-in-law were the first two to start yelling and protesting that they weren't doing anything wrong, how they worked their asses off day in and day out, and how they had no idea how this could happen and all the usual denial bullshit that he'd come to expect out of them. Jon's gaze narrowed in on his mother-in-law, who was looking guilty, and his brother-in-law, the spineless little dweeb that had married into the family like Jon had done. Silencing the protests with a sharp raised palm, Jon pointed at his brother, Derek, first. "Something you care to add?" he asked. Derek looked sheepish, looked down at his lap, and mumbled something. He hated confrontations while Jon thrived on them. 

"You leave him alone!" Elsie, his sister-in-law, snapped as she came to her husband's defense. Jon figured that she had to pin Derek down to the bed at night in order to have sex with the man because he certainly didn't see Derek taking initiative on anything... ever. "If you have anything to talk to him about you talk to me!" 

"Why? Are you covering for him?" Jon asked, eyeing her. Elsie was the same body type as Andrea was and only five years younger. His gaze shifted back to Derek. "Come on, man, grow a pair and speak up." 

"Weeeeelllll..." he said at last, his soft voice drawing out in that manner that irritated Jon to no end. "There was that night last month when you all went out and you said that I could go out and have a good time..." he said to Elsie while not meeting her hard gaze. "That was the night Christina Courtesan came through on her way back west." 

Elsie gasped in wide eyed shock. "You didn't..." When Derek blushed and didn't meet her gaze she was outraged. "YOU DID! How much time did you spend with her and how much of our tabs did you spend?" 

"A few hours that cost nearly all of it after I'd paid Ma our portion of the rent," Derek admitted. That started a whole new argument between the two of him of blowing their savings... savings that could have been used to bail them out of their predicament now. 

It was an argument that Jon tuned out even though he was secretly proud of Derek for scrounging up enough caps for a night with the famous call girl as she came through in her tricked out all terrain RV. He shifted his attention to the so-called family matriarch; a women who was a first-gen survivor in that she had parents who had survived the Flare. Jon, Andrea, Derek, and Elsie were all considered second-gen survivors as they had grandparents who were flare survivors. All of their kids were third-gen. He'd once held Ma in high regard in being a strong pioneer woman like his own mother was, but she'd been slipping in the recent years as age was starting to get to her. If what everyone else had said was true, then the money went straight to her. She was shaking her head no and holding up her hands in protest to forestall any tirade that Jon might have. "I've been paying the bills! I swear!" she said at once. Jon saw Pa crack his knuckles and growl a warning but he knew that the big man was more bark than bite. Jon motioned for Ma to continue. "I paid him! I got his courier to sign for the pickup as always and noted it in the journal like you tell us to!" 

Jon's eyes narrowed. He had two sets of conflicting stories now; a landlord who says he hadn't been paid in months and a family who swears they were on time. One party was lying and he had to figure out who. He noted that the servers were loading up trays of biscuits, eggs, and sausage over at the counter. They didn't have long to talk about this before the kids were back at the table and he didn't want them to pick up on the stress of the adults. "Here's what's happening; for the next month until we can get you current with him, all four of y'all's decision making privileges have been revoked. All tabs will go through me and Andrea. The moment you get paid, you come to us. We will be handling your finances from here on out." 

"You can't do that!" Pa thundered. 

"We are a household run by women, in case you forgot!" Elise sneered. "You don't have the right..." 

Jon cut her off by leaning over the table and getting into her face. "But I do have the right when MY wife is pimping herself out to make sure YOU have a place to live, Sis," he snarled right back at her. "Now, we are going to have a nice, quiet breakfast like a good little family and be happy about it so that we don't alarm the kids, got it? And I swear to Norris that if any of you get outta line in the least little bit, your ass will be mine. 

* 

Jon and Andrea didn't even have time to talk afterwards. She'd trudged into M's and ate her breakfast in sullen silence with the family before going their respective ways for the day. Her, Jon, Elsie, Derek, and Pa went to work while Ma went back to the house will all of the kids. It wasn't until Jon and Andrea were collapsing into bed at night next to each other in their own house, after the kids were in bed, that they were able to let out a sigh of relief from the day's events. "So," Jon asked as they both stared off at the ceiling. "How bad is it?" 

"I sleep with Wayne Friday night and stay with him until Saturday morning, every week, until we get them caught back up," she sighed. "How are they taking it?" 

Jon nodded. It could have been a lot worse. "Oh you know, the usual; protests of innocence, they did nothing wrong, that sorta thing," he replied. "We're taking over their finances. I got a hold of their books after breakfast and everything is on the up and up from what I can see. They paid their tabs, the courier signed for them, so either Wayne is lying or someone is skimming from them." 

"I know that sound of your voice..." Andrea said. "You're going to do a job on Wayne, aren't you?" 
