 I woke up very early – not entirely my preference. I generally slept with the window open for ventilation, and the sounds coming from the field outside my tree/house were loud enough to wake me. 

Virgil and Cesta were at it again. This time Virgil was moaning incessantly. Something about the morning light, coming over the hills, did it for the two of them. I didn't know what it was, but they could tolerate the morning dew on the grass in late summer. They just sat out there naked in the dark before dawn, occasionally masturbating each other or telling each other dirty stories. Then when the sun came up... Cesta just *had* to have Virgil's huge cock in her mouth. She was never able to explain it when I asked about it at other times that I'd talked with her. 

The *first* time this had happened, I had tried to intervene due to a limited amount of sleep I had managed to acquire.

"Ahem." I had said, calling out after trying unsuccessfully to ignore the racket Virgil was making for a while. "Excuse me?"

They hadn't answered. Cesta because... well.. her mouth was very, very full. And Virgil because he was concentrating on doing what he was doing. I'd watched them for a minute or two, then called down to a young Tauran standing under my tree. He had apparently stopped to watch.

"Hey? Uh... What... Uh..."

"Yeah?" The strong-looking youngster had quickly said up to me, without breaking his eyes from the scene.

"They... uh.. going to be... doing that for a while?"

"Nah. Virg is gonna cum soon – see? He's squinting."

I had paused – and had squinted at Virgil. The Tauran – a veteran at this display no doubt – was correct.

"Ah. Okay." I answered the youngster a bit quietly, hushing my breath. It had seemed rude to be commenting on them right in front of their... performance. "Does he alwa- "

Cutting me off, at that moment huge gobs of white cum had burst of Cesta's mouth, as Virgil grunted over and over again. The sheer volume of the load that he emptied into her and the suddenness of it almost frightened me. And it had just kept going. Covering her face and chin, streaming over her breasts and face. But the head of his cock didn't ever leave her mouth – he just pumped more and more sperm and I saw from her throat that she just kept swallowing and swallowing. Trying to keep up with the unending stream from his thick, full loins.

"Wow."

The young Tauran under my tree had chuckled and shook his head. "Ye got that right – heheh. Wow."

I had just stared at Virgil and Cesta as his explosion of seed gradually subsided, and Cesta went from just receiving it, to stroking his still-engorged member and cooing softly to him while he gradually relaxed. 

That was the first time. 

This time... there wasn't anybody under my house watching. And Virgil wasn't squinting. He was looking directly at me. As soon as he saw my face, he stopped moaning. I made a quizzical face at him.

He motioned with his horned head for me to come in their direction.

My eyes widened. I pointed at myself.

He nodded and smiled, as Cesta continued cooing while she worked on the head and upper shaft of his enormous tool with her long, flat tongue. She didn't look at me. I felt awkward for a moment. Was he sure this was alright with her?

He simply shut his eyes – but didn't go back to moaning. He held the base of his cock in one hand and Cesta's head in the other as she worked him in and out of her wet cave.

I gulped, and ducked my head inside, thinking. My mind raced.

I hadn't.... indulged... on Venus. Yet. I'd had.. one run-in. With a pregnant Geldar named Celia. But... that was just a quick breast-sucking. And.. in the course of my duties. Or... so I believed, any way. This.. was for fun.

I smiled. Fun.

Okay!

I clambered down my ladder to the main floor, obviously without dressing, and opened my very small back door to the enclosed yard. Walking through the dew-swept yard, I noted how chilly the ground was. "Eck. These guys are hard-core morning people." I muttered happily as I smiled – my face flushing already in anticipation. I went for the break in the fence at the back, leading to the field, and pushed through quickly. My cock was already standing up.

What met me was basically the same sight as I'd seen from my upstairs window, save for a difference in perspective and therefore proportion. Cesta was a *big* creature – her tail itself seemed to look than my cock. And her breasts stuck out with big erect nipples when she was aroused – enough that they would probably drag on the ground if she was bent over.

Virgil opened his eyes as he saw me approach, and removed his hand from his cock long enough to motion me towards Cesta's rear end. I swallowed and blushed even more, my erection throbbing as I approached her. He closed his eyes again and stroked her face as she continued her sucking and licking action.

Gently, I touched her tail, moving the appendage just slightly out of the way. It was tied so the hair was braided at the base, to keep it away from her ass – but then let loose not far from her rear. I exposed her and she barely flinched – as if she knew I was there all along, and parted her thighs by moving her upper leg just a tad. Her hind legs were wet, almost frothy, from the lubricant generated by her huge, heated snatch. 

I smiled, and moved my fingers down to pull apart the cheeks of her ass around her vagina – exposing it and smelling it's sweet scent. She groaned a little bit as I swung my cock into place – feeling the immense heat of her fold around the head as I got ready. Then I gripped her upper leg firmly, and thrust in smoothly and firmly.

My cock is relatively normal for my species – six to seven inches long and about an inch and a half or so thick. Not anything like what Cesta had in her mouth, or probably what she was used to – but she groaned all the same. And so did I – as she clinched up the intensely strong muscles of her vulva on me and I started to pump in and out of her. I helped out more by pushing together the large lips and feeling her clitoris – pulling gently on it with my thumb and forefinger.

Virgil moaned, and opened his eyes to look over at me as I thrust over and over again into her in a steady rhythm. He started to breath through his mouth – gaping breaths that came in unison with what I was doing. Cesta clinched up her vagina muscles and grabbed one of her own breasts – baring down as I pumped into her. Her tail thrashed about a bit.

At that point I with drew to just my cockhead – and moved it down to her engorged clitoris. Running it around and over the thick bundle of nerves there. At this point she whinnied a bit – a sound I hadn't heard before from her. Virgil opened his eyes a bit wider, and smiled. Then he realized he wanted to hear it again. He put his hand on her head, and stopped her from sucking.

"I'm going to fuck you now." He said to her. 

Her eyes went a little wide.

"But..." she stammered. "You... you're too big."

He smiled. "We'll try."

I looked tentatively at the both of them, my own cock still stroking Cesta's clit.

Cesta took a breath, then smiled. "Okay..." She looked down at me. "C'mere.."

I moved from my position, and Cesta turned over from her side onto her hands and knees. In this position, her breasts did indeed hang down to have the nipples scrape against the grass. I then came to stand in front of her, and she immediately took me into her mouth, forming a suction lock and running a long tongue up and down my shaft.

I closed my eyes immediately – unable to get over the fact that I was really "On Venus" now. Then I felt Cesta stop suddenly. And grunt. I opened my eyes and looked.

There was Virgil – crouched behind her, working his enormous cockhead at her slick pussy, trying to coat it in as much cooze as he could find or muster. Spittle, pre-cum, you name it – he was trying everything. And then he was trying to push it in. Stuff the head in. 

He barely succeeded. I could tell when he did because Cesta moaned a little soft moan, and the tongue started licking the underside of my cock again. But even from my viewpoint at the other end of her body – I could see her ass was stretched out wide. Virgil was simply huge. And he was starting to shove himself inside of her.

His face was red – and he grunted – the lines showing on his horned head as he started to work in and out. Cesta's distended pussy took him – she mewled a little bit and had to take me out of her mouth to groan. But it was a good groan – an overwhelming satisfaction groan. I watched him start to increase the pace. She lifted up her head, then immediately grasped for my cock and went at it like a Baurian female possessed. Sucking in and out the full length.

I came within seconds – shooting my meagre load down her throat, which she happily swallowed with some gentle cooing, then some happy laughter as she fondled my balls. All the while Virgil continued to pound into her from behind. She took me out of her mouth for a moment and stroked me, but then tilted her head down to just feel what was happening.

I smiled. And moved again, coming behind Virgil's pistoning bottom as he charged into her, watching his enormous cock as her pussy lips folded and sucked at him on every thrust. Then I moved around and under them – lying on my back and going underneath – watching each quick thrust. Before jutting my head up on my folded-back arms – and putting Cesta's clit at the end of my tongue as Virgil pounded into her.

She gasped as my mouth met her bundle of joy – the rest of her snatch fully engulfed by Virgil's massive tool. I sucked gently, and soon Cesta was whinnying again. Louder and louder. Again and again. And I could hear Virgil grunting too. I put my lips all the way around her clit – sucking it into my mouth and rolling my tongue around with Virgil's mad tool plunging a millimeter away.

Then I remembered what happened when Virgil came.

{ Oh shit. } I thought, looking up at Virgil's cock sliding into Cesta for the last couple of thrusts.

He came – and they both shouted out in enormous pleasure as I saw his cock start it's pumping action with it's tremendous load start to fill her. Even stuffed full, the come started to spurt out the edges – coming down onto my face. I couldn't do anything – I just shut my eyes.

In the middle of this rain of come, all I did was smile.

Welcome to Venus.