 The knocking on the door to my tree house/store had been insistent – enough for me to rush the last bit of the way. Being in the backyard garden I had not heard it the first time. Therefore, the second, third, and fourth iterations had become louder and closer together.

"Yes, yes! Coming!" I shouted – slightly irritated. I opened the door to find two young Centaurs standing there. A male and a female, aged at or just past the brink of maturity or so it looked. The male looked exasperated, and the female...

The female was shifting her weight from side to side, had a blushed face, and looked *extremely* uncomfortable; almost as if she had to urinate or as if she had been kicked in a rather tender area. My brows furrowed immediately in worry as well as in question as I glanced between the two of them.

"Problem?"

"Yes!" The male returned immediately. "Thank the planet you're here!" His voice was strong, and not a hint of breaking was in it. He also immediately projected a mood and mental aura of responsibility. I could tell he, at least, was at maturity. The female looked somewhat relieved as well – although not as much. She sighed only a partially elated sigh, but bit her lips and winced her eyes shut – still moving back and forth and unable to find comfortable footing.

"Well...," I started. "I certainly hope I can help." I looked more closely at the female. "What... is the nature of your needs?"

The male's exasperation didn't let up. "I'm Rand. This is Kestel. She ascended last night. Then, a while ago on the way to a... party.." he bit out – looking skyward and rolling his eyes. "She decides to *SIT* in some Beggel-bush!"

My mouth opened and my head tilted back a slight bit in realization of the situation. Poor girl.

On Venus, as I'd called the planet, chronological age didn't mean much, since some species only lived for eight years – while others lived to be hundreds of years. As well, some matured mentally at an incredible rate where they became practical adults within months of being born.

There was the comfortable separation between the younglings and the 'matures', or 'adults'. Because sex was out in the open, so visible, and there was so much of it, there was no point in trying to maintain a façade. Or in making up stories or putting up blinds. Or lying! Children were educated young – but certainly *not* involved young. It was the job of a triumvirate of guardians to decide when a youngling was 'ready' to *ascend* into 'maturity'. Usually two of the three guardians were biological parents – but it was not always so.

As the male had noted, the female had ascended the previous night, and was off to a 'party' as he called it. I smiled. No doubt a *mating* 'party'.

"You are a... um... suitor.. or.. uh.. 'party' goer?" I asked him.

"No." he grumbled. "I'm her brother."

"I see. Taking care of family. Noble of you." I smiled at him. "Thanks for bringing her here." I bowed at him in recognition, then turned to the girl. "One moment, dear, and we'll take care of your bottom."

"Th.. thank.. thank you.." she hissed a squeak. She was drooling a bit, trying to hold in the sound of the itching pain and the horrendous need to lose control with her bowels.

I quickly turned inside, and rushed to my counters, searching underneath them for a large ceramic bowl tied tight at the top with a leather fastening. Retrieving the correct one marked with runes from Tau-Ceti minor, I whisked back outside the front door. The male had moved off to the right, and was trying to ignore the small noises his sister was making. He seemed now to just be wallowing in the exasperation.

I moved towards Kestel's rear end. "Kestel, can you lie down please, here, on this little hill here that's set up – just.. sideways lie against it. Like that? Yes? Good." I moved with her, pushing her against it. Then she kneeled and held with her hands as she got down on one knee and sided over.

Rand ignored me as I took the leather lid off, and a very strong wafting smell of sweetness came out of the pot – much too sweet to be an enticing smell. It was overwhelming. I came down underneath it and took a breath, then dipped my hand in it. Standing up, I examined the female centaur's nether regions.

The poor girl had sat right in a bush outcrop – so that the insides of the cheeks of her rear end were covered with what looked like red rashes and what were on their way to being red pimples. I gritted my teeth and put my hand on her, lavishing some of it directly on what looked like the worst area.

She immediately moaned. "Oh.. Oh my goodness... that stops it!" she yelped out. "I.. I... please.. Please put that on! More!"

"I will! I will! Just hold on there!" I chuckled. "It's coming. It'll help – and reverse the process." I looked more keenly as I smoothed a bit more on carefully. She'd rubbed the bush into her vagina and over her pubic mound, as well as down around her anus. I sighed – this was going to be an intrusive job.

"Apothecary?"

My head came around and I noticed three young furry Rexans watching intently, standing next to Rand. I blinked. "Uh.. Yes?"

"May we speak with you for a moment?" 

I looked back at Kestel's rear end, much in need of more attention, then over at the Rexans, and at Rand standing next to them, bored. My mouth set.

"Absolutely. Rand- come here."

The centaur looked at me like I was crazy. "What? What for?"

"I need you to do this – I've got other people to attend to – all you've got to do is what I'm doing here. It's easy."

"That's my sister!" He protested.

"She won't mind." I said, standing up.

Kestel was still biting her lip, and moving a bit from the pain she was still experiencing. "No! I don't! Rand – please! Help!"

Rand rolled his eyes again, and started over. "Aw.. man.."

I walked by him on my way to the Rexans, smiling. It was always interesting having a bit of power in the community and *asking* people to do things. They tended to listen to what I said and what I asked them to do; mostly because I didn't ask them to do things that were outlandish or stupid – and also because they knew they would be asking me for something at some point.

The Rexans were small, agile, and fast creatures, who stared wide-eyed back at me with they're thick tails thrashing back and forth for a moment, long pointed ears stuck straight up and noses jutted out. If not for their strong arms and legs and exposed chest muscles, I would have mistaken them for slightly overgrown Terran foxes. I came up in front of them and they put their heads together – making me realize from their appearance they must be triplets. Brothers. I smiled again. "You're that new guy that has potions and stuff?" the one in the center asked.

"Potions.. Salves.. Advice.." I started with a smile. "What have you?"

In the background I heard Kestel cooing as Rand started to lather on the salve. He grunted a bit, and was moving down himself onto his knees so he could work the area better.

The one on the left looked at me dubiously. "Oh yeah?" he looked at me mischievously. "What's the best lubricant to use?"

"Depends who you are – and what you're doing," I replied, cocking a smile. "You guys are furry – need something a bit more.. wet; rather than goopy. You three – your own cum, or pre-cum. Depending on how much you can manage." I stared at them with a pleasant face. "Who's your partner?"

They all smiled. The one on the right laughed "Oh, just us."

Behind me, Rand called out.

"What do I do about inside? You know.. it's red there." He sounded like he was breathing heavily. I turned around to look. Pleasantly, I saw he was getting mildly aroused.

"Use your fist, Rand. You can probably use your whole lower arm, too. She'll like that." I turned quickly back to the Rexans without waiting for an answer from him.

"Okay then." I smiled. "You need something that's good for tight places, then. And isn't going to dry out. Like a gel. So... probably some Krennel plant; mixed with crushed Dorn root." I thought hard for a moment. "Yeah. Mix that with some fragrance. Maybe.. something from your den. You know... where you sleep? Ground that up." I sighed, and smiled before looking back at them. "Yeah."

All three of them looked at me very inquisitively. The one on the right looked at his brothers, and then whispered to them. They looked back at him.

"Problem?" I asked.

"What's Krennel? And.. uh.. Dorn?" The second one chirped up.

"It's a plant that grows o-"

The other two of them cut me off with the eager question: "And how do you get it so it doesn't dry out?"

I smiled. "I'll fix you up some. Just wait here a minute. Watch them if you want." I started to walk back inside my tree house, and glanced back as I entered it. Rand was wide-eyed and red-faced, breathing hard as he enthusiastically fisted his sister. Kestel was totally relaxed now, her ass in the air a bit as she took what he gave her, enjoying completely the experience.

Once inside I was surprised to see that I had another visitor. Celia, the pregnant Geldar who had come to see me before about a partially inverted nipple. I stood for a moment just inside the door, listening to the Rexans chattering and talking and excitedly asking each other if they'd ever heard about Krennel and Dorn. 

She just looked at me.

"How are your nipples?" I asked quietly.

"I'd love to show you, Jace." She responded.

"Hm." I smiled. Then I walked over to the counter, to start to withdraw some Krennel and Dorn, and the water/mucus base for it. I didn't look at her.

"I.. heard from others.. that you started." She said.

I suddenly felt caught out. But I pushed it away immediately. I never made plans, and I never made promises – certainly not upon arriving here.

"I guess I did. Never planned to. Lots happens here." I kept at my task on the counter.

"It does." She said pleasantly. "I just hope it can keep happening.. maybe with me." There was a lilt to her voice, and I heard her gait over towards me.

"I'm a bit smaller than you. I'm curious as to your interest." I chuckled. I'd fucked a Geldar before, and I couldn't see how the Geldar had really enjoyed it. The vagina was too large to get a gripping purchase on my cock, really. I had felt somewhat inadequate, although very much overwhelmed by the feeling.

"I'm half Geldar," she returned quickly.

I swallowed *hard*. What the heck did *THAT* mean? My mind raced. Whic.. half? How was she.. what did she..? Hmm..

"Uh.. okay." I said, trying not to sound stupid. Then I turned around, the lubricant for the Rexans finished and in hand. "That could be interesting. We'll have to talk about this." I smiled widely at her.

"Oh, I hope we can talk.. "she said. "And.. do other things at the same time." She smiled widely back at me.

"Let me take care of my customers. One moment." I turned and rushed to the door. 

The Rexans were still chattering to themselves, but were stacked up hugging each other, mostly watching Rand and Kestel. By this time Rand had finished at Kestel's rear end. By the looks of the juices streaming from her cunt, Kestel had come many times. Rand's huge Centaur cock was now in his sister's mouth, and she was mouthing him and sucking away at it happily. He was grunting and groaning as she brought him closer and closer to orgasm.

I handed the vial of lubricant to one of the Rexans. "Here you go. Try this."

The Rexan grabbed it excitedly – and whisked the top off. My eyes widened as he shook some onto his hand – then immediately put his hand down to his brother's rear end. I hadn't even noticed that the brother he was hugging had removed his breeches! Rubbing keenly for just a moment, the first brother then brought up his pointy Rexan prick, and started to stuff it into the next brother. A quick groan and they settled together.

I watched all of this for a moment with surprise, then a slow smile. "Uh.. okay." I chuckled. "Is.. that better?"

"MMmmmmmmmmmm" the first Rexan elated.

"OOOooohhhh..." The next brother hissed. "That is *wonderful*!"

The third brother looked at the first two, then looked at me. "Dammit. Leave some for me!"

"Hah!" I smiled. "There's plenty." I turned and went back to the doorway, looking inside to see what Celia was up to.

She was relaxing in a chair. Leaning back; one leg over each armrest. Her shirt was up, exposing her breasts, and her skirt had also been hiked to expose the nether regions of her pregnant body.

Her cunt was tiny. 

That is to say, tiny, for a Geldar.

I'm sure my face went absolutely beet red at that point, looking at her. She was whisping fingers across her pussy lips, which were glistening wet, and looking at me. Saying nothing – just looking at me.

I swallowed, then started to move towards her. "Hm.. not a full Geldar by far.. you look.. uh.. half.. Meyon, I'd say."

She nodded, smiling and blushing a bit herself. I stared at her cunt, then brought my hands up to its wetness, plying apart the delicate folds. Then I knelt, examining it closely. I blew soft breath against it for a moment; then flicked out my tongue to rub the tip of it up the middle.

She cooed, and I could tell she gripped her own breasts with one hand, and laid the other on her engorged stomach. At this point I pursed my lips and kissed the slightly distended clitoris, sucking it and the large lips in my mouth for a moment before gyrating them around with spittle. Then letting them go – snapping them sinfully back into place with a grin.

Lapping. With the flat of my tongue. That was next – while pulling apart, gently with my hands, her inner thighs right next to the soft, microscopic hair of her fur around her pussy. Twirling around and tonguing up and down furiously, before inserting the tip of my taster, and thrusting; fucking her with it and feeling her tiny lips around the edge grasp at my gland as it pleasured her. I gripped her bottom and thighs and held there.

She seethed and whinnied and whined as I did this, but I held her. Even when the hand on her tummy came down to the back of my head, I kept on. Moving up to her clit again. Then I put in my fingers. Two of them – inverting my hand and curling up the digits to rub the inside wall with the sensitive tips.

"Oh! Jace!" she shuddered, coming. I felt her cunt release a spasm. Smiling, I was happy to see she did indeed have the Geldar's sexual central nexus spot – and that touching it after arousal had done what I'd wanted it to do. A test and a quick one! However, not one to be repeated easily, lest it lead to boredom. I sucked and slurped again some more, then let my fingers explore as I got up and stood in front of her.

She panted and heaved for breath – half-lidded and wasted; looking at me as if she were shocked I was not already on her shoving my tool into her innermost recesses. I calmly continued to rub and massage the inside of her cunt with my hand.

"Come back tonight." I said. "When I'm not working." 

She looked mildly surprised, but then grinned at me. 

"You can stay the night." I added.