 The locals didn't have a name for the place. They just called it "planet", or the general translation of the word, in common speak.

I called it 'Venus'. Mostly because of all the sex going on all the time.

When I first arrived, I really couldn't get over how much was going on, out in the open, between all the creatures. Race and species didn't seem to matter. I figured there must be a population problem, or a boom, or both. You could barely walk or take a transport from point A to point B without stumbling upon two beings going at it with wild abandon. 

Most people, unless they fancied watching, just went about their business after a simple note. I mean – it was rude to *step* on people or get in their way or interrupt them when they were concentrating on what they were doing. And of course, the golden rule applied.

As an apothecary, I'd come to Venus because the need for my trade in a lot of the known territories had waned. Plus, I'd really wanted to connect to some of the more diverse races and creeds out there, and their interminglings and the hows and whys of them coming together. Plus, I had an adventurous spirit and an open mind. Something in short supply in the core systems.

I set up my residence/shop inside an absolutely huge hollowed-out tree – one which had the characteristics of red Oak. There was more than enough space for three whole floors, once I'd set up the cellar area to hold my various potions, salves, and ingredients I'd brought with me. The second and main floor I made as a simple shop/workroom, with a door to a hidden garden/backyard. Upstairs was my private space – my bedroom. With a small window I could use to see out to the fields beyond.

The main village wasn't far from my shop – but I'd made sure to travel for a long, long way after arriving at the drop-port. Drop-ports were notorious hang-out spots for sex tourists and photographers. The 'real' Venusians (as I called them now) lived out in the country. In the wild, so to speak. Mixed together in their homes. 

The Centaurs. The Baurians. The Geldars - many... many Geldars. Elgens with their wide, plush wings and then the thick-skinned Ursid-like Taurans, whose young were born postively enormous. Others that were crosses, and some off-worlders that were staying for long periods that I didn't even know the names of the races of. They all came, loved, stayed, or left. Everybody seemed to get along very nicely.

I loved the place right away. My first... 'customer'... so to speak, was a tiny plump-looking Geldar named 'Celia'. I was barely finished setting up my upper floor bedroom in the tree, on a fine sunny warm day, when I heard a gentle coughing from down below on the first floor. Never one to really worry about an 'intruder' or 'thief'... I simply coughed back, to indicate my presence, then stuck my head down the ladder hole.

"Hello." I smiled.

As if taken by surprise by the sudden appearance of my upside-down head, the female turned her enlongated head to me with a start and her eyes widened. The locks of her mane on the back of her slightly longer than human-sized neck flopped over to the other side, and then she raised a hand to her chest.

"Oh! Mis... Mister... Uh... Apothecary.." Her breath came up and her large rounded breasts heaved a bit.

"Heheh. Sorry. Hi. Name is Jace." I glanced about, as if surprised I was upside down. "Hang on a second." I then looked back at her – noting her appearance in more detail. She was hardly wearing anything – a shirt which hung off her rounded breasts and touched the top of a bit of a distended belly.

{ Hmph. Maybe pregnant, } I thought as I pulled up my head from the hole and swung myself around, before dropping my legs to the rungs and quickly sliding down. I turned around with the same smile on my face – to see she hadn't moved one iota from before.

"Now... what can I do for you?"

"Um... Mr... Jace... sir..", she blushed for a moment, then laughed in nervousness. "Sorry... I've never met an apothecary before."

I glanced up and down at her. { Yep, definitely pregnant. } "I've never met a pregnant Geldar before either. What's your name?" I said, offering my outstretched arm and hand."

She held out her own, which had a tuft of hair right above the wrist. When she gripped my hand, I was suddenly overcome with the amazing feeling of the softness of the skin of her palm. "I'm Celia."

My face couldn't help but flush a bit at the feeling of her hand – it was uncanny. 

"Uh...well... Celia. What can I do for you today?"

She lifted her shirt with no hesitation, exposing her full, round right breast. The areola was large, but the nipple was flat against it. My face didn't redden much at that – I'd seen many naked creatures and indulged in many sexual situations. I simply smiled.

"This one is normal," she smiled.

"Very nice." I said nonchalantly.

"Thank you." She countered.

She lifted up the other side of her shirt, showing the left breast. It looked pretty much like the right one, except the nipple itself was slightly distended – as if it were puckered the wrong way.

"Oooh. I see." I said. "Inverted. Mmmm."

"Yes." She said. "Or... something like that. I need something to help bring it out. When they're hard and I'm hot.. it looks weird."

"Does it hurt then?"

"No.. just looks weird."

"Mmmph." I frowned. "If it doesn't hurt... not sure there's anything wrong..."

Celia frowned. "Well... I just... don't like it."

"What does your partner think?" I asked.

"My.. partner? Oh... you mean..," she looked down to her distended belly. "Oh.. heh. The little one... is mine. I asked a friend to help me... but... I have many... partners." She smiled.

"Ah. I see." I smiled warmly back at her. "As is the case with much of the locals... I'm learning."

"Yes," she smiled coyly. "Do you think you can help me then?"

"Well...." I answered, feeling sheepish as I turned around. "Let's see...." 

I started to think about what I could use on her nipples to help ease the skin tone... or to bring out a new pattern in the cell form. Or even to reinforce it once it had been brought out. I tapped my chin for a moment. Then I looked back at her.

She was running a licked finger around her nipple with her eye closed.

"Oh!" I exclaimed. "I... I didn't mean.. 'let's see' as in... uh.."

She stopped, and looked at me. "Oh.. it's ok. I'll show you." She smiled. "You can see how weird it looks."

I just stood there for a moment, and she closed her eyes again, before dipping her finger into her mouth to bring out more salaiva, and running it down over her nipple to start to tease it again.

I watched. She rubbed. After a moment or two, it didn't seem like much was happening.

She opened her eyes.

"Mmmph. This isn't working." She looked frustrated.

"Look... uh.. maybe you need another Geldar.. or some help."

"When are you going to start?" She suddenly asked.

I looked at her perplexed. "Start what?"

"Mating."

I swallowed. I hadn't really thought about that yet. My... whole mind had been wrapped up exclusively around getting to... 'Venus'.. and setting up my shop. Then relaxing. Getting the feel for the local culture. Easing into things. I'd never *really* put down a schedule. I'd never really thought about anything, other than just being here.

"Uh..."

She looked as if she'd offended me. "Sorry! I... I.. you came here... to live.. and I thought... you'd probably... at some point..."

"I did! I do! I just..." My face went red with frustration at myself for not considering the whole situation sooner. I was here, after all, wasn't I?

"Well.. this should be easy. I just need your mouth... for you to suck on me," she smiled.

I hesitated still, looking around as if I was afraid somebody was watching. Ethics? There weren't any. I could do whatever the heck I wanted to do, with whoever came to see me. All I needed was their willing, wanting participation, and as long as they were mentally an adult.

"Maybe this was a bad idea," Celia said, and pulled down her shirt.

"No..No.. It's ok." I said shortly, in frustration, walking over to her.

She happily pulled up her shirt over her right breast, and then held the round orb underneath for me. The very short fur around the skin abated by the nipple, and I took a quick breath before stuffing the flat areolae in my mouth, laying the flatness of my tongue down upon it. Out of sheer habit, I closed my eyes as I felt the softness of her mamarry meet the slickness of my wet mouth.

She moaned, and I couldn't help but put my hands at her sides as hers went to my head, to hold me there. Her belly felt stretched out a bit by the growing youngling inside of her, and she was much bigger than a normal human. Stockier.

The nipple came up very quickly – or the area around it, anyway. Large – very large, puckering up. But not the center. I sucked for a few moments, and rolled my tongue around it. She held my head firmly and cooed. I started to break off – knowing I could take a better look at the problem now. But she stopped me, stroking the back of my head once.

{ Oh well, } I thought. { A minute more won't hurt. } My fingers spread out on her tummy – holding the skin there as I sucked a bit harder, pulling the breast flesh out with a large sucking sound. Then it finally popped out of my mouth and flopped back onto her hand. She gasped a bit, then fluttered her eyes open.

I looked. It was... a bit strange looking. Half of the nipple was indeed, inverted. But only half of it. I glanced at the other one – which was only half-erect.

"Do the other one – quick." She murmered through a hot breath.

I obliged immediately, licking twice with my tongue before giving a hard suck to bring it up. The nipples on the Geldar were extremely large compared to human – and the left one came up pretty quickly due to my ministrations. Celia gasped with each intense suck and lick – to where both of the points on her tits should have been equal.

"Mmmm..." I murmered. "Okay... I see what you mean." I smiled. "Lemme see if I got something for that."

Celia suddenly brightened and took a quick breath, then pulled her shirt down slowly. 

"Ok." She blinked.

I turned, and with a large lump in my pants went over to my counter, sorting through various bottles to find a container of small stones. I took one of the stones out, and found a very small bottle of blue liquid.

"Here you go..." I said, my heart still racing a bit from the intense activity my mouth had undergone. "Rub this stone with this ointment, then push it into your nipple. Make sure it stays there for an hour after rubbing. Do that every day."

She took the items from me. I smiled at her. She batted her eyes.

"That's it?" She asked coyly.

"Uh.. yes." I answered. "That's all you need for your... uh.. problem."

She chuckled a bit. "I meant.... Uh...," she paused. "Nevermind."

"What?" I said.

"You'll get it." She said as she turned around, walking towards the door. I could see from the back that some moisture had collected and was running down the back of her legs. "Soon."

I had a feeling I was going to enjoy being the Apothecary of Venus.