 Aramil Liadon, elven ranger, gave his gear one final check. It was time for him to finally leave the village where he had spent his whole life. He was actually slightly nervous.

For you see, among Aramil's people an elf was not permitted to leave the forests until that elf had proven themselves as an adult to the clan. They did this by undertaking a series of tasks in a ritual known as the Testing.

Aramil had passed the Testing only yesterday, and was now a full adult in the eyes of the clan. There had been a large party in the evening to celebrate his success and Aramil had been the centre of attention.

To begin with, anyway. About halfway through the evening two visitors had wandered into the village. One was a male elf Aramil did not recognise, although it quickly became apparent that he was a powerful mage. The woman however Aramil recognised immediately, because it was Narlissa!

He had been pleased to see her but they had not had long to talk because Narlissa had spent most of the evening in a hastily convened meeting with the Tree Mother and the clan elders, alongside her companion the mage. Clearly they had important matters to discuss.

But that was last night, and now he needed to get going. He collected his gear and bade his family goodbye. They were sad to see him go but at the same time he could see how proud they all were of him. With a final wave he stepped out into the village. Suddenly he heard someone called his name.

It was the Tree Mother, Lohr, and Aramil knew he could not deny her summons. As Tree Mother she was chief of the whole clan and so it wasn't a good idea to disobey her. He walked over to her.

She looked as beautiful as ever. Jet black hair cascaded over her shoulders and her brown eyes radiated warmth. She was about 5' tall and the equivalent of a human woman in her mid-thirties, and she had a breathtaking slender figure with glorious big tits. And although her brown dress was plain and didn't reveal much, Aramil knew what her body looked like beneath it and that knowledge made his cock twitch.

You see, it had been only yesterday afternoon that he had seen Lohr naked. She had summoned him to her house after his completion of the Testing, and after a long and luxurious blowjob she had insisted that Aramil fuck her senseless. He knew he had not disappointed her.

As he approached he realised that she was standing amongst a circle of elves. The clan elders were present but also so were Narlissa and her mage companion.

"Aramil, it is lucky I caught you before you left," Lohr said as she glanced at his pack. "Were you really not going to say goodbye?"

"I didn't want to disturb you, Tree Mother. Not when you've been so busy."

The Tree Mother laughed sweetly, then did the introductions. It turned out the male elf was called Tathal, and he was indeed a mage.

"And you already know Narlissa, of course," Lohr said with a knowing smile.

Narlissa gave him a flirty wink and he couldn't help but check her out. She had brown eyes and a slightly freckled face, with red hair that fell to midway down her neck. She was wearing her usual outfit of a brown corset that seemed to draw attention to her large breasts, and brown pants. As a half-elf she was actually quite tall compared to the elves present, because at 5'5" she was as tall as Aramil himself and he was of average height for a male elf.

After a moment Lohr spoke again. "Do you know why they are here, Aramil?"

He shook his head. "I do not."

"Tathal is cursed, Aramil," Narlissa said. "His soul is bound to a magical dagger, and whoever possesses that dagger owns him like a slave. They can command him to do their bidding."

"That's horrible!" Aramil said, looking with sympathy at the elven mage.

"And so you see why we must lend our aid," Lohr said. "And to do that, I think we need your help."

"You do?"

"There is a herb that grows on the edges of the forest. 'Ghostbloom'. Have you heard of it?"

"I have. It is hallucinogenic, no?"

"Not quite," Tathal interjected. "The out-of-body experience that someone has when consuming Ghostbloom is no hallucination - the herb truly does separate the soul from the body. By using it in a ritual, the piece of my soul can be drawn out of the dagger so my spirit can become whole again."

Aramil turned to Lohr. "And you need me to collect this herb?"

"Yes. There are no rangers currently in the village, or else I would send one of them. But you have proven yourself capable again and again, Aramil. I know you can do this. Will you help?"

"Of course, Tree Mother."

"Thank you," she smiled. "I am sorry that you must delay the start of your journey."

"Perhaps he doesn't have to, Tree Mother," Narlissa said suddenly. "If I go with him, then Aramil only needs to lead me to the Ghostbloom. I can bring it back."

Lohr considered her words. "That makes a lot of sense, Narlissa. I must admit, I don't like holding up a young elf's first steps outside the forest." She smiled at the half-elf. "So yes, we will do it that way. Thank you for the offer."

"It will be my pleasure," Narlissa said, aiming a private wink at Aramil. His cock twitched at the thought of spending time alone with her.

"Then we are decided," Lohr said pleasantly, clapping her hands together. "Aramil will show Narlissa to the herb, and when she returns we can start the cleansing ritual."

The elders murmured their agreement and then led Tathal away to prepare the ritual. Narlissa went with them, leaving Aramil alone with Lohr. That wasn't good. He was extremely horny and being alone with the beautiful black-haired elf was not helping. He just hoped he didn't say something he'd regret.

"Thank you for your time, Tree Mother," he said with a bow, trying to keep his cool. "I am honoured you have picked me for this task."

She smirked as if she could tell how worked up he was. Her gaze quite openly roved over his body. "Aramil, when we are alone you don't need to call me 'Tree Mother'. We moved beyond such formalities when you fucked me."

She bit her lip with a naughty smile then stepped close to him. "Especially when you fucked me so well. I came so hard."

He tried to stifle a groan but did not succeed. His horniness threatened to totally overwhelm him.

"I'm... I'm glad," he stammered, trying not blurt out something humiliating.

"So I want you to do something for me before you leave," she continued quietly. "Not because I am your Tree Mother, but because I am your friend." She leaned over to whisper in his ear. "I want you to make me come like that again. Can you do that for me, Aramil?"

His eyes went wide and he stared at her. She was grinning at him seductively and he could only nod and squeak out an answer.

"Yes."

"Good. Then let's not waste any further time standing here, when every second we delay is a second you're not fucking me."

Then she turned, taking his arm and leading him through the village. Soon they reached her house and she opened the door and stepped through. Aramil followed her in, just as he would were he visiting the Tree Mother for a discussion in her official capacity. However when she shut the door behind him it would have become very clear to anyone watching that this was not an official visit.

He groaned as she threw herself against him, kissing him hard. He responded in kind and wrapped his arms around her waist as their tongues drove into each other's mouths. His hands roved over her body and explored her figure until he came to her big tits which he squeezed through her dress.

Suddenly the Tree Mother broke the kiss and stepped back, deftly undoing the knots to that dress and tugging it in one movement over her head. Her black hair fell messily about her shoulders and Aramil gasped at the sight of her glorious naked body. It was as amazing as he remembered it from the day before. Then she stepped close and kissed him again. He let his fingers trace over her skin as her own fingers undid all of the knots of his clothing until he was as naked as she was.

Soon he could take no more. He grabbed Lohr's ass, lifting her up and carrying her to the bed in the corner of the room where he quickly dropped her down on the edge. The gorgeous elf looked at him with anticipation in her eyes as he sank to his knees and pushed her legs apart. He kissed her thighs, slowly getting closer to his target until at last his tongue pressed against her cunt.

"Oh fuck, Aramil," she sobbed, reaching out to grasp a handful of his blonde hair.

He hungrily devoured her pussy, making sure to kiss and lick every inch, teasing her lips and sensitive hole before finally focusing on her clit. He reached up to slide two fingers into her at the same time, enjoying how wet she already was and she rolled her hips back against him as he pleasured her. Her brown eyes shimmered with approaching orgasm and within a few minutes Aramil had his wish. The elf threw her head back with a scream of pleasure as she came hard against his face.

She slumped back breathlessly when she had finished coming and he rose to his feet, moving himself between her legs and angling his dick with her waiting pussy. He enjoyed the look of pure bliss that swept across her face as he slowly pushed inwards, her cunt welcoming in his cock inch by inch.

At first he moved leisurely, luxuriating in the feel of the Tree Mother's silken snatch stroking his member. She looked amazing perched on the edge of the bed, her back flat on the mattress. Her black hair was messy beneath her and her brown eyes were slightly glazed in pleasure.

Then he started to speed up, hunching over to place his hands either side of her torso and beginning to truly thrust. She moaned, pushing herself up onto her elbows and wrapping her legs around his waist. Lohr might have been almost twice his age but that did not matter to him in the slightest - she was still extraordinarily hot with a stunning body.

"Fuck me with your big cock," she moaned. "Fuck me hard!"

He did not want to disobey the Tree Mother so he started to really pound his hips against hers. He delighted in the way it made her big tits wobble on her chest. Suddenly she wrapped her arms around his neck to hold herself upright and with one hand on the back of his head pulled him in for a kiss. He could feel her pussy narrowing on his dick as he fucked her.

"I'm going to come so hard, Aramil," she sobbed as she broke the kiss, squeezing her eyes shut and pressing their foreheads together. "The gods... I'm... I'm coming!"

The last words were a shriek as her head flew back and her eyes went wide and rolled back. He felt her cunt twitching on his cock as she came hard and he knew she was overwhelmed with pleasure. He didn't know what it was about him but recently all his partners had been having extremely strong orgasms - the strongest of their lives in fact.

The sight of the Tree Mother climaxing coupled with the feel of her shivering pussy pushed him over the edge too and he grunted in pure pleasure as his seed sprayed into her depths. Pleasure burst through him and he held Lohr close as they rode out their mutual orgasms.

When at last they had faded he withdrew from her pussy with a groan and she stared at him with satisfied but slightly dazed eyes. After a few minutes she slipped from the bed and started to get dressed once more. He watched her as she did so and wondered if he'd ever get to fuck another woman as hot as she was.

Then he climbed from the bed and started to clamber back into his armour. When he was done Lohr smiled.

"And now we must both be getting on with things. I must prepare the village for Tathal's cleansing ritual, and you must start on your adventures, beginning with getting that Ghostbloom, Enjoy yourself out there beyond the forest, Aramil, but remember to come home sometimes. And when you do, make sure to pay me a visit. I want to hear all about your journeys, and I want you to tell me whilst I bounce slowly on your cock."

Then she winked, giving him a passionate kiss before finally opening the door and stepping outside. He followed her out into the village and saw Narlissa waiting for him in the centre. She smiled when their eyes met.

It was time to go.