 Aramil Liadon, elven ranger, was excited. He was finally leaving his forest home and he couldn't wait to see the world beyond its borders. He and Narlissa had left his village earlier than day and were now woodwalking quickly through the trees.

But first he needed to locate a rare herb known as Ghostbloom for Narlissa to bring back to his village for a magical ritual. Whilst Aramil didn't fully understand the ritual, what he did know was that the Tree Mother herself had asked him to retrieve the herb, so he had vowed to do so.

However the journey was a little slower than it might have been because he did not have a horse. All horses were owned by the clan and they did not have any spare for an elf that was leaving the forest. He would miss the elven horses as they were light and nimble of foot but he was sure he could eventually buy a human horse and would get used to it quickly enough.

After a few hours of amiable chatting with Narlissa the two of them came upon a clearing and Aramil stopped woodwalking. Whilst the forest was at least three days across from end to end the village was much closer to the north end than the south. Aramil and Narlissa had gone north and so it was only a single afternoon's worth of travelling that brought them near to the forest's edge. He knew they were very close now.

"There is Ghostbloom here," he said, smiling at Narlissa as he began to stride through the undergrowth.

"How do you know?" she asked.

He shrugged. "I just do." He looked around. "We are also very close to the forest's edge, but you will not make it back to the village today. Perhaps we should camp here for the night?"

"Sounds good," Narlissa said. "I'll get everything set up whilst you find the Ghostbloom."

She turned and started to build the hide tent that Aramil had brought. The fact that she was not putting up her own was no surprise - it had been obvious from the start that they would be sharing the one tent that night.

He grinned to himself at that thought then spent a few minutes looking for the Ghostbloom. The sun was beginning to set and the sky had taken on a beautiful orange glow. Aramil knew he would miss the natural beauty of the forest but he was also excited to see other places that were each as beautiful in their own way.

After a few minutes he smiled as he saw his target. He reached down and with his knife carefully cut a few flowers from the Ghostbloom plant that had found. He made sure none of the plant directly touched his skin and quickly wrapped the flowers in a cloth bundle. It was a very potent magical herb and he did not want to spend the night hallucinating because some had accidentally touched him.

Then he saw another flower and he quickly plucked that too before returning to Narlissa. She had the camp set up and was cooking a meal over a small fire.

He handed her the bundle of cloth when he arrived and she carefully put it in her own pack. Then he sat down on the large blanket that Narlissa had laid out in front of their tent. Minutes later they were eating and he enjoyed the meal Narlissa had prepared. She was a talented cook.

When they were done she tidied away the pans and then smiled at him.

"It's beautiful here," she said wistfully and he nodded in agreement.

It was then that he remembered the second flower that he'd picked and he quickly reached into the pouch at his waist to draw it out. A single bright red rose. He handed it to Narlissa.

Her face lit up in a beautiful smile as she took it. "For me?" she said, turning it over. "It's quite beautiful, Aramil."

"Then it suits you."

She smiled at the compliment then lay the flower delicately on her pack. She turned back to him and he saw a naughty sparkle in her brown eyes. "You know, if I didn't know better I'd think you were trying to flatter me, Aramil. You couldn't possibly be trying to get inside me, could you?" she grinned.

"I brought you the flower because I thought it was beautiful and you would like it," he smiled back, playing her game. "If there is to be any sex, well, that is an unrelated thing."

"I like how you say 'if', Aramil. It supposes there is any chance at all you won't finish this evening filling me with your cum."

He put on a fake tone of aloofness. "Narlissa, you are singularly obsessed with sex. I, however, can control my urges and not act like an animal in heat."

The beautiful half-elf laughed. "I saw you emerging from the Tree Mother's house before we left. It's pretty obvious what you'd just been doing. You're just as sex-obsessed as I am, and you know as well as I do where this night will end up."

"The Tree Mother was merely, er, giving me some advice."

"Advice on fucking her brains out, perhaps."

"You make it sound like a bad thing."

"Not at all. The very opposite, in fact. I'm delighted to see you expanding your horizons, Aramil." Narlissa paused then, cocking her head and she seemed to be deep in thought. "In fact, you seem to have expanded them a lot since we first met, haven't you?"

"Well..." Aramil said suddenly embarrassed.

"There's nothing to be bashful about. But I saw a lot of the attractive young women of the village eyeing you with something approaching outright lust. There was the fletcher's daughter, Polissa, and that mercenary from the capital, Korali, and others besides. And obviously the Tree Mother herself."

He shrugged. "I suppose so..."

Narlissa looked concerned. "Aramil, I'm going to ask you some questions, and you need to be totally honest with me in your answers, ok? It's important."

He sat upright. Their flirtatious game was suddenly over and she had become very serious. What could she possibly be talking about that was so important? Well he supposed he would find out.

"Of course."

"Do you love having sex, Aramil?"

He narrowed his eyes in confusion. "Well, obviously."

"No, I mean actively love it. Not a fun hobby you do when the mood strikes, but something you find yourself craving all the time. Is even this talk of sex getting you worked up? Is it making you think of me, naked, writhing in ecstasy beneath you?"

He coughed, looking away. "Maybe."

"And does this happen often? Do you find you need to come at least, say, twice a day or you become a delirious mess, just looking for a woman who'll have sex with you? Do your partners seem to have stronger orgasms than they ever have before in their life when they're with you?"

He met her gaze. Everything she was saying was true. He'd been noticing it himself but it was still strange to hear someone else describing it so perfectly.

He swallowed. "Yes. I... how did you know?"

"One final question," Narlissa said, holding up a finger to stop him. "Did all this start happening not long after we met?"

"Yes, Narlissa. It did."

The half-elf's beautiful face suddenly lit up as she smiled. "Something strange has happened to you, Aramil, but I know just what it is. Don't worry, I'm going to explain it all."

And then she did. Aramil could not believe his pointed ears at what Narlissa was saying. She told him of the human knight known as Sir Jeffrey, and explained about his magic cock and how she had befriended him. She described about his gifts and how they manifested - that his partners came harder than they ever had before, but on the flip side that he needed to have sex at least twice a day. She also explained that the cause of that magic was a demon's loose spell that had found a home in his spirit, and that it also had melded itself with a sterility spell rendering him safe from accidentally fathering hundreds of children.

At first Aramil did not understand why this Sir Jeffrey person was relevant. But when Narlissa started to elaborate on how that magic could under the right circumstances transfer from Sir Jeffrey to a woman who wanted the same thing, he began to understand.

"You have that magic too, don't you? You got it from him."

She grinned. "Yes, I do. And now, Aramil, you also possess it. Where he passed it to me, I have passed it to you."

He could barely take it all in. Suddenly he thought of all the women he had fucked since Narlissa's departure. If these gifts could pass from person to person maybe they now had it too. He absolutely adored his new gifts but he knew most people would not feel the same way. His eyes went wide and he frantically sat upright.

Narlissa laughed sweetly. "Aramil, I can see your sudden fear, and I know why you feel it. Do not worry, you cannot pass these gifts on to someone unwilling to receive them. All those women you fucked? They are safe."

"I can't?" he said, relieved. "Why not?"

And so Narlissa told him. She spoke about how when they had sex with a partner a little bit of the magic entered them and that is what made the sex so amazing for them. It's why their senses were heightened and they came as hard as they did. But that afterwards the magic was purged from their body by their spirits and no matter how many times they had sex that would always be the case and they would never develop the gifts.

Except in a few rare cases. Sometimes, a partner would relish sex and their soul would actively enjoy the magic. In that case, their spirit and their instincts would refrain from purging the magic and instead let it build inside them. Eventually it would hit a critical mass and they too would develop the gifts resulting in a magic cock or magic cunt. But this could only happen in those who would actively enjoy the results.

So there was truly nothing to fear. Either a partner would have the sex of their lives and then carry on with no lasting effects except amazing memories, or in very rare circumstances they would develop the gifts themselves and their lives would improve hugely as it is what they had wanted all along.

"So my spirit wanted this?" he said at long last when she had finished talking.

"Tell me, Aramil, do you enjoy your new talents? Do you enjoy having sex with beautiful women, and making them come so hard they can't think straight?"

He grinned. "Of course I do."

"Then that is why. Your spirit knew it would enjoy these gifts and so it happily welcomed them in. When we fucked, a little bit of the magic transferred from me to you. With most people it would have been purged the moment we finished but with you it was not. Instead, it remained inside you, building each time we had sex, until at last your body had enough to develop the gifts for itself. You now have a magic cock, Aramil."

"A magic cock..." Aramil repeated, disbelieving.

"It sounds absurd, doesn't it? But it's true."

He lay back down flat and sighed happily at the stars. Night had truly fallen whilst they spoke and the fire was dwindling. Narlissa's words sounded crazy but he knew deep down they were true. He really did possess a magic cock.

And he was delighted.

"It's a good thing you returned to the forest before I left," he said at last, looking at Narlissa. "Otherwise I would never have known any of this."

"It is indeed," the half-elf agreed. "But now you know, so you do not need to worry. When you are out there beyond the forest, surrounded by beautiful women, you can fuck and fuck and keep fucking and the magic will never take hold in their souls."

"You make it sound like I'll spend my whole time getting laid, Narlissa."

She raised an eyebrow. "A gorgeous, toned young elf with beautiful eyes, a charming personality and a magic cock? Yes, Aramil, you are going to spend your whole time getting laid."

Suddenly she grinned naughtily, sliding from the log on which she sat to move next to him. Aramil's cock - his magic cock - twitched at the glint in her eyes. She straddled him, her weight setting on his thighs and he stared up at her with anticipation.

"And so now we come to perhaps the most important thing about tonight's realisation. You have a magic cock, Aramil, and that is most certainly something to celebrate. Shall we begin the festivities?"

Aramil did not respond to her. Instead he sat upright and pulled her in for a frantic kiss. She moaned and pushed her tongue into his mouth. At the same time her hands found the knots to his chestpiece and soon she had stripped it from him. He did the same with her and he broke the kiss and groaned as she pulled it from her body and her big tits spilled free. He reached out and grasped the hanging globes, giving them a delighted squeeze.

He could not do so for long however because Narlissa soon pushed him flat again and then started to slide down his body. She came to his belt and unbuckled it and he lifted his hips and she slid his pants down his legs. His cock sprang free already rock hard and she moaned and licked her lips at the sight.

"Yes, I think this magic cock is definitely worthy of my worship," she moaned, then took him into her mouth.

Aramil threw his head back with a groan as he felt the half-elf's lips wrap around his dick. He stared down as she started to bob her head and her brown eyes glowed up at him. She delivered a truly expert blowjob and he reached down to thread his fingers through her red hair as her mouth did wonderful things to his cock. They remained that way for a while as she properly explored his dick with her tongue and lips, alternating between taking him into her mouth as far as he would go and pulling off to passionately kiss down his sides.

Then he could take no more. He sat upright and pulled Narlissa's head from his cock, instead kissing her hard. Her hands dropped to her pants and he helped her slide the tight leather garments from her lovely slender legs. Moments later she was as naked as he was.

He lay back then, bringing her with him until she was lying on top of him. Still they kissed until eventually the half-elf broke the kiss and pushed herself upright again. This time she lifted her hips and angled his cock with her dripping cunt. Aramil groaned as she sank down on his member.

"Oh gods," she moaned as he slid inside her and Aramil knew that she was enjoying the initial penetration just as much as he was.

She rested there a moment but not for too long because soon she started to bounce her hips. She was slow at first but as their lust grew so did her pace, and so within a few minutes she was throwing her hips down against him.

Aramil enjoyed the wonderful sight of her stunning naked body in the dying light of the fire as she rode him. Her big tits shook on her chest as she slammed herself down against him and he could not resist but reach up and grasp the large mounds. He felt her hard nipples tickling his palms as her pace grew quicker and quicker.

After a while of passionate fucking Aramil felt his balls twitch. He knew he was getting close. Narlissa's face was contorted in pleasure and her moans were loud. He could tell she was right on the edge as well.

"I'm going to come," she sobbed, her brown eyes wide. "Your cock is going to make me come, Aramil!"

"Me too," he groaned back, moving his hips in time with hers now.

"Do it!" she practically growled, then her eyes rolled back and she screamed out.

He felt the beautiful redhead's cunt clamp down on his dick as she came. Shivers ran through her tunnel and her limbs jerked as a huge orgasm erupted inside her. That was all he needed and with a cry of his own his climax arrived and his spunk burst from his magic cock and sprayed powerfully against the walls of her pussy. Pleasure almost overcame him as he struggled to focus on anything that wasn't the bliss of his orgasm.

Eventually the moment passed and Narlissa slumped down on top of him with a breathless giggle. She kissed him tenderly and he responded in kind. At last she lifted her hips from his sated cock and rolled onto the blanket next to him.

Within a few minutes they had climbed inside the tent and settled down to sleep. Aramil drifted off with only happy thoughts in the company of such a beautiful and wonderful woman.

And tomorrow, his adventure would truly begin.