 Aramil Liadon, elven ranger, yawned as the sounds of the dawn chorus grew louder around him. The sun was rising and the birds were awake and he knew it was time he was too. He glanced over at the sight of the beautiful half-elf Narlissa sleeping next to him and smiled to himself.

His cock was rock hard as it often was when he awoke and he did not think Narlissa would mind helping him relieve that particular problem. He gently slid the blankets from her body.

She stirred as he leant down to kiss her breasts, and he teased her sensitive nipples with his tongue until she was fully awake and smiling down at him. Then he kissed lower over her tight stomach until at last he pushed her legs apart and ran his tongue along her folds.

She moaned loudly and it did not take long before he was devouring her cunt with gusto. The beautiful half-elf writhed and whimpered in pure bliss at his work. He made sure to tease every inch of her folds before at last honing in on her clit and really starting to pleasure her. She pressed her hips back against his face as she got closer and closer and he enjoyed the haze that settled over her gorgeous brown eyes as the moment grew nearer. After another minute or so she screamed out his name and came hard against his face, her juices leaking out around his tongue.

When she slumped back down onto her bedroll he grinned and climbed up her body, kissing her skin as he went. When he was on top of her she pulled him down for another frantic kiss and as she did so he angled his cock with her pussy and pushed inwards.

She moaned into their kiss as his dick slipped inside her and he responded with a groan of his own. He started to move immediately and enjoyed the feel of her hot walls stroking his member.

"Gods, Aramil, you feel so good..." the beautiful half-elf moaned and he grinned breathlessly as his pace sped up.

He pushed himself onto straight arms so that he could see Narlissa lying beneath him. Her big tits wobbled as his hips started to slam against hers and he could see the flush coming over her skin which indicated she was enjoying herself. Her red hair was splayed messily beneath her head.

Soon her cunt started to narrow on his probing dick and he thrust even harder into her gorgeous body. His balls had started to tighten too and he knew he was as close as she obviously was.

Then the moment arrived for his lover. Narlissa's eyes went wide and her back arched as her orgasm hit. The sight of the climaxing half-elf as well as the feel of her amazing pussy was enough to push him over the edge too and with a grunt of his own he joined her in release, his seed spraying powerfully against the redhead's sensitive walls.

When at last their orgasms had passed he slumped down on top of Narlissa and kissed her. She responded in kind and they remained that way a moment before he finally rolled onto his back. She giggled and sat upright, then slipped from the tent.

Aramil followed her moments later and the two of them enjoyed each other's company as they ate breakfast. Then they got dressed and soon the tent was packed away.

"Since you said we were so near the forest's edge, I'd like to come with you," Narlissa said. "I want to watch you leave, since it's such a big deal."

Aramil laughed. He didn't mind at all and the two of them left the glade. Within twenty minutes they had reached the edges of the forest where the trees noticeably thinned. It was the boundary of his people's lands. He had never been further.

He paused and took a deep breath. "I can't believe I'm actually about to leave the forest."

Narlissa laughed sweetly. "You'll be fine, Aramil. You've earnt this. Take care out there, because the world is bigger than you can possibly imagine, but don't be too careful. Sometimes it can be fun to take risks."

Suddenly she stepped close to him and grabbed his cheeks, pulling him in for a long lingering kiss. When she finally broke it she grinned at him.

"Have fun out there. I'll see you again, I'm sure."

He nodded, turning to face the boundary and with a swell of pride stepped over the border of the forest.

Nothing felt any different.

He looked back at Narlissa who watched with amusement in her eyes, then he turned and walked confidently out into the world.

He had no idea where he was going.

Still, he picked a direction and stuck to it. He travelled all morning. The trees around him started to thin until he was travelling through woodland rather than thick forest like he was used to.

He wondered when he might come across a road. He knew that the humans cut trails into the environment on well-used routes which was something his wood elven people would never have considered doing. He was curious to see one.

After a few hours he started to get hungry. He laid his cloak out on the ground and then filled his waterskin from a nearby gurgling stream and drank. He took out the elven bread he had been given by his people. This was a very pleasant place to stop.

As he ate he wondered what he had been expecting. He supposed he thought the world beyond his forest would be very different to what he was used to. He knew that in many places it probably was but there was not some magical border that changed things instantly.

Just then he spotted a flat stone by the stream that seemed to glitter in the sunbeams. It was gorgeous and he decided it would make a lovely memento of his first day outside of the forest.

He finished his bread then stood up and fetched the stone. It was cool to the touch and fairly small but it was definitely pretty. It seemed to glitter pink and he realised he had never seen anything like it. He smiled at his discovery and returned to his cloak, bending down to place the stone in his pack.

"I think you'll find that belongs to me," said a quiet voice next to his ear, and Aramil jumped in alarm.

He spun to face the noise, clutching the stone and taking a step back. But then his eyes focused on what was in front of him and he gasped.

A tiny woman was hovering in mid-air, transparent wings buzzing on her back, her shoulder-length pink hair tucked behind her pointed ears. She was wearing a short blue dress that looked like it was made from the petals of flowers, and it revealed lovely long legs for her figure and also pushed outwards with what would clearly have been huge breasts if she'd been his size. The dress was open above her hips at the back to let her wings stick out, and then was tied with a small bow between her shoulderblades to hold it over her chest. She could have been no more than five inches tall.

A fairy!

She buzzed close to his face. He realised she had pink eyes to go with her hair but other than that, her size, and her wings she could have passed for a beautiful elf.

"Why have you taken my stone?" she said, prodding him on the nose.

"I, ah, just thought it was pretty," he said.

She pouted. "Do you often take things you think are pretty without asking? Even if they belong to someone else?"

"It's just a stone! I didn't know it belonged to you."

"Hmm," she said. Then she cocked her head, as if studying him. "You are an elf."

"And you're a fairy," he replied.

"Very good. What are you doing here?"

"I just stopped to eat. I didn't mean to cause a problem. I will leave immediately."

"With my stone?"

Aramil looked down and realised he was still holding the stone. He moved to put it back where he'd found it.

"No, no. Sorry. I didn't mean to take it. I'll put it back."

The fairy buzzed back around in front of his face. She was grinning. "You can keep the stone," she giggled.

"But I thought you said it was yours?"

"It is. But you're cute. I like you. I am called Symii."

He paused. "And I am Aramil. Thank you for the gift."

Truth be told he didn't really care about the stone any more. It was much more trouble than it was worth. He'd only picked it up because he thought it was pretty. But now it would seem rude of him to turn it down so he returned to his pack and placed it inside.

"You know, you're shorter than I thought an elf would be," she said as she flew up next to him.

"You're five inches tall!"

She pouted. "I'm meant to be this height."

"So am I!"

"Perhaps," she said, pressing a finger to her lips in thought. "But you're going to find it awkward in human towns being the size that you are."

He hadn't really considered that. He didn't care if he was shorter than average but at the same time he liked to be taller than his lovers. Given human women would be taller than him, that might well be a problem.

"Well, even if that's true, there's nothing I can do about it," he shrugged.

"No, but I can," the fairy giggled. She clapped her hands together. "I am going to bestow upon you a boon, Aramil."

"A boon?" he asked suspiciously. Accepting gifts from fairies was dangerous. They could be notorious tricksters and they always wanted something in return.

"Indeed. I am going to make you taller."

"How?"

"With magic, of course," she said. "Size-changing magic is a fairy's natural talent. So close your eyes."

"I'm not sure I want-" he started to say.

"Close your eyes!" she snapped.

He sighed. He supposed there was no harm in letting her try. Part of him thought it was a terrible idea but he was embarrassed to admit that he was willing to go along with what Symii was saying simply because she was extremely hot. The fact that she was five inches tall didn't matter - logic didn't seem to apply when it came to his magic cock.

He closed his eyes.

"Good," she said from close by. "Now this might feel a little weird but whatever you do, do not open your eyes until I tell you to."

Suddenly Aramil tingled all over. He felt like his limbs were wobbling. All sense of balance was lost and he thumped down onto his blanket, making sure to keep his eyes firmly closed.

After a few seconds he felt normal again though his head was still spinning.

"You can open your eyes," Symii said, her voice seeming louder.

Aramil did. He gasped, and pushed himself upright.

He was still standing on his blanket, wearing his armour. His pack was still next to him, his bow and quiver resting on it. They were all the same size. Using those measurements, nothing had changed. But things had definitely changed.

He was tiny.

The tree that had shaded him was gigantic, blocking out the sun with its size. Each leaf was as large as the blanket on which he stood. The stream, once small and beautiful with its rushing water, was now a terrifying rapid twenty feet across.

And Symii was standing next to him with a mischievous smile on her face and Aramil couldn't take his eyes off her.

She was absolutely stunning. She had shrunk him down so he was only slightly taller than her and the sight of her close up made his magic cock twitch. He knew he should be annoyed at her trickery but he could not bring himself to be angry. She was too beautiful.

"You said you were going to make me bigger," he said at last when he had partly composed his thoughts.

"I still intend to."

"So why did you shrink me?"

She grinned naughtily. "Because I wanted the opportunity do this first..."

Suddenly she was kissing him. Her tongue pushed into his mouth and his eyes opened in surprise as he immediately felt her hands on his belt, loosening it. Yet he didn't resist as she pulled it open and reached inside to grab his rapidly-hardening cock.

Then she broke the kiss and sank to her knees. Aramil stared down at her with lust as the pink-haired beauty guided his pants down his legs then leaned forwards to kiss his tip. She grinned up at him as she slowly took him into her mouth. He groaned at the feeling of her tongue dancing along his underside.

He stared down lustfully at the gorgeous fairy as her tongue danced over every inch of his shaft and her hands pumped on the areas her mouth couldn't reach. Soon his cock was slick with her saliva. After a few minutes she reached for the knot that held up her dress. He groaned as she undid it and her huge tits spilled free.

She did all that without ever pulling her mouth off his dick and Aramil couldn't help but gently thrust his hips at the incredible pleasure of her work. At the same time, he glanced around, his mind blown by the size of everything around him. He was standing in the exact same spot he had been a few minutes before, but it felt like a totally different world.

"It's so strange seeing things from this perspective," Aramil groaned as he looked around. "Everything's so big."

Symii grinned around his cock and slowly pulled her mouth from his member. "It doesn't look strange to me. But, since we're on the subject of big things..." she giggled, pumping his cock. "... I think it's time this was inside me, don't you?"

Then she reclined on the blanket, wiggling out of her dress and spreading her legs. Her wings fluttered in anticipation and her pussy glistened with her juices and even if Aramil had wanted to say no his magic cock would not let him. He clambered out of his clothes and soon he was on his knees, kissing his way up her body until their lips were locked together again and his cock was pressed against her hot cunt.

Then he pushed inwards and the pink-haired beauty sobbed into his mouth. He groaned at the sensation of her silken walls swallowing up his dick and soon he was fully inside the gorgeous fairy. He held himself above her and slowly started to move his hips enjoying the way their eye contact didn't break.

"By the goddess, fuck me..." Symii moaned and Aramil did as she wanted.

He started to move his hips more rapidly and delighted in the sight of her tight and delicious body writhing in overwhelming pleasure beneath him. Her transparent wings twitched and shivered but were largely pinned beneath her back. Her huge tits wobbled on her chest from the potency of his thrusts and he grabbed one with his right hand, feeling his fingers sinking into the soft flesh whilst her hard nipple tickled his palm.

Then he lowered himself down until he was pressed against her and her huge breasts were squashed against his chest. Symii did not seem to mind and instead actively enjoyed the new position as his hips hammered into hers. She wrapped her legs around his waist and kissed him hard. Aramil returned the kiss and enjoyed the passion of their sex as he fucked her harder and harder.

"I'm going to come!" she whined, breaking the kiss and burying her head in his neck. "You're going to make me come!"

That was exactly what he wanted so he didn't slow down. Seconds later he got his wish. Symii shrieked out her pleasure into the miniature world, her hands clawing at his back in bliss as the orgasm exploded inside her. He felt her body jerk and twitch as she came extremely hard, her cunt trying to seize hold of his member. Her pink eyes rolled back in pure ecstasy.

With a grunt he followed her in release, his balls twitching as his own orgasm arrived. His spunk burst from his magic cock and flooded the gorgeous fairy's womb, painting her tunnel white with his jizz whilst pleasure coursed through him.

Eventually their climaxes passed and he slowly withdrew his cock from the winged beauty and sat up, enjoying the way her pink eyes slowly regained focus as she came back to her senses from such a huge orgasm. Her dishevelled hair and flushed face made her look extremely well-fucked, and Aramil grinned to himself at the fact that that's exactly what she was.

"Well, that was amazing," Symii said with a breathless giggle, pushing herself back up onto her elbows. "Maybe I should keep you this size, so you can fuck me over and over again."

Aramil's eyes went wide. Appealing as that might sound, it hadn't been part of the deal! He opened his mouth to respond when suddenly he realised she was laughing.

"I'm just joking, Aramil!" the naked fairy giggled, a naughty smile on her face. "So, time to uphold my end of the bargain. Let's make you bigger, hmm?"

Maybe this would be one heck of an adventure after all.