 Aramil Liadon, elven ranger, stood with his pack in the middle of the woods. He felt like he was in a different world.

For you see, he was five inches tall.

The woman responsible for that, a busty pink-haired fairy named Symii, was standing with a smile on her face in front of him. She'd shrunk him down to her size and begged him to fuck her. He'd gladly done so but now he wanted to be returned to normal. Larger than normal in fact - Symii had promised him that she'd actually make him slightly taller that he was before.

"So, what now?" he asked.

"Now I make you bigger," the fairy replied. "But first..."

She stepped closer and grabbed his hands, turning them palm up so that they were cupped. Then she started to wiggle her fingertips above them. Glittery dust showered down into his hands.

"This is for you."

"What is it?" Aramil said.

"Fairy dust. You'll find it's worth a small fortune to an alchemist. Especially since you're going to have a lot of it, seeing as this will grow with you when I make you larger."

"That's extremely generous of you, Symii."

"I know," she giggled. Then she shot him a flirty wink. "You'll just have to think of a way of making it up to me when we meet again."

Then she was done. She waited for Aramil to tip the dust into a cloth and then bundle it up and put it in his pack.

"Now, close your eyes."

Aramil did as he was told. That strange feeling came over him once more and he knew Symii was changing his size. He was better at holding his balance this time now he was more used it because elves were naturally very agile.

"You can open them," he heard the fairy say, more quietly this time because he knew she was tiny compared to him once more.

He opened his eyes and smiled. The world was back to how it should be. The stream was a stream again not a raging river. Yet his perspective seemed slightly different. It wasn't particularly noticeable but Aramil was very perceptive so he picked up on it. Symii had followed through with her promise.

He guessed from the scale of the trees compared to how they had been before that he was now about 6' tall, a good seven inches taller. This was not abnormally tall for an elf but it was definitely right on the edge. In other words he was now a very tall elf but not freakishly so, where before he was short for an elven man. He liked the idea of that.

He heard a buzzing sound and smiled as Symii came up to hover in front of his face. "So?" she said.

"I like it," he grinned.

"Good! I'll come find you in a few days to make sure you're enjoying your new size, because if you're not I can change you back."

"How will you find me?"

"Magic," she winked.

Aramil chuckled and folded up his blanket, storing it in his pack and then collecting his things. It was time to leave. Symii waved him off as he walked away from the stream and back into the woods.

He continued his journey with a spring in his step. The day passed into afternoon as he walked and Aramil wondered if he'd meet anyone else before night fell.

Suddenly the trees opened out and he came across a long track of bare earth running across his path. It stretched off in either direction and he realised with amazement that it was a road.

He tentatively put his foot on the earth. For you see, Aramil believed that roads magically pulled a person along without them doing anything, making travelling easier. Of course it did not turn out like that and he stood on the road for a while with confusion. If they didn't move you, what was the point? Why not just take the most direct route to your destination through the trees? Then again he guessed that humans could not woodwalk so perhaps sticking to well-travelled routes was still quicker than trying to go through forests.

Still, he decided to follow the road for a while. He knew that roads tended to connect important places so if he wanted to bump into people and maybe even see a human settlement then journeying on the road was probably the best way of doing so. He nodded to himself in satisfaction at his decision and then picked a direction and started to walk.

He walked for a while without seeing anyone when suddenly he heard a noise behind him. He turned and his eyes opened wide at the sight. A large carriage drawn by horses was coming down the road and it was flanked by six riders with long lances. Aramil had never seen a carriage before but he was familiar with the concept and even in his ignorance he could tell this one was huge and heavily guarded. He wondered if this person was particularly important.

Suddenly the lead rider broke away and quickly galloped towards him. As they got closer Aramil realised that it was a woman. And a beautiful woman at that. He felt his magic cock twitch at the sight of her, but that was quickly replaced by fright as she stopped in front of him angrily.

"Why are you blocking our path?" she demanded. He noticed her hand was on her sword.

She had gorgeous blue eyes and Aramil guessed she was probably in her mid-twenties. Her blonde hair was worn in a short parted bob. On the horse it was hard to tell but he guessed she was about 5'10" which with his newfound height meant he was slightly taller than her. She was wearing tight leather armour that seemed comfortable and effective for fighting, but also revealed the outline of her slender body and lovely long legs, together with what were clearly large breasts.

"I'm just walking!" he replied nervously. "I don't want trouble."

"Then move out of the way!"

He jumped at her shout then hurriedly stepped aside, quickly darting to the edge of the road. The woman watched him.

Then the carriage lurched into motion again and rolled past. The woman watched him as it did so then turned and followed it.

Aramil waited for a while until the carriage was out of sight and then he carried on, this time making sure to stick to the edges of the road. He wanted to avoid any more confrontation.

He journeyed for a few more hours until it was late afternoon and he knew he didn't have much daylight left. However the road had started to get busier and he thought there was a good chance he was near a town. He really wanted to see one if he could.

Just then he caught sight of the palisade walls of a settlement and he gasped. It was huge!

In actuality it was a middling sized town and was certainly nowhere near the scale of some of the cities in the queendom but Aramil did not know that. He walked into it and took in the sights. As it was evening the place was a hive of activity with people getting their last few tasks for the day done. He slowly walked through it.

Just then he caught sight of the blonde guardswoman from earlier standing outside a tavern. She caught sight of him too. His blood froze when she walked over.

"Don't worry, I'm not here to shout at you again," she said with a pleasant smile. "I'm here to apologise."

It turned out she was called Mira, and she and her men were escorting a noble family called the Abouns to a wedding. Their eldest daughter was marrying the duke of this part of the queendom. That was why she had been so abrupt with him - she could not afford to take any chances when she was escorting such powerful people.

Aramil accepted her apology. He thought it was very nice of her to offer it since she didn't have to.

"Well, it was the least I could do," Mira smiled when he said so. "Please, let me buy you a drink."

His magic cock twitched at the thought of spending more time in this beautiful woman's company so he did not turn her down. She smiled and led him into the tavern.

They found a table and Mira ordered two drinks. Then she asked him where he was from and he told her about his elven homeland. She seemed fascinated and they talked for a good while. Mira got more flirty as the evening went on and Aramil's lust burned. He got the impression she was almost as horny as he was.

"Aramil, I feel guilty," she said suddenly. "I was the first human you ever met, and I shouted at you. That's a terrible first impression."

He laughed. "Don't worry about it. I know you were just doing your job."

"No, I mean it. I cannot let your memories of your first human be so bad. Will you give me the chance to leave you with better ones?"

"What do you mean?"

She grinned wickedly. "Come upstairs and I'll show you."

Then she took his hand and led him across the common room and up the stairs. His horniness blazed in anticipation of what she meant.

She stopped outside a door and pulled out a key, unlocking it and stepping inside. Then she pulled him in after her, immediately starting to kiss him as she shut the door behind her. Her hands were almost instantly undoing the knots and clasps that held on his armour. He did not try to stop her as she undressed him and instead focused his efforts into removing her own garments. Soon they were both naked with their clothes piled in a heap by the door.

Aramil broke the kiss to stare at her gorgeous nude body. She was the first human woman he had ever seen naked and she was just as hot as any elf he had been with. Her big tits and slender body cried out to be explored with his tongue and so he decided to do just that.

He grabbed her shoulders and guided her to the bed until her ass bumped into it and she sat down. He leant forward to kiss her, then pushed her legs apart and knelt between them.

"Aramil, it's supposed to me who is welcoming you, not- ah!"

Her words were cut off by a delighted gasp as he pressed his tongue against her sensitive pussy. He started to hungrily devour her sweet cunt and it did not take long for her to come hard against his face with a ragged scream. He lapped at her juices as they leaked from her pussy.

When the orgasm had passed he stood up and the blonde grinned at him breathlessly then pulled him down for a passionate kiss. He pushed his tongue into her mouth whilst he reached up to fondle her big tits. She moaned at the feeling and he enjoyed the weight of the mounds in his hands.

Suddenly she broke the kiss and stared at him lustfully. "I need you inside me," she whispered, breaking the kiss and pushing him away. She climbed further onto the bed and as Aramil watched she twisted around until she was on all fours.

"Well, what are you waiting for?" she said with a naughty smile. "It's time to claim your first human, Aramil."

Her dirty talk made his cock twitch with desire. He nimbly slipped onto the bed behind her and soon was sinking his cock into her tight tunnel. Mira moaned and pushed her hips back against him as he did so. Her pussy was magnificent and he realised that he was going to enjoy fucking human women just as much as elves.

Soon he was pounding Mira with vigour, his fingers digging into her waist for leverage. She buried her face in the sheets and sobbed out her ecstasy as his cock hammered into her cunt. He could see her large breasts swinging beneath her and he leant forwards to grasp them briefly before straightening up once more to slam his hips against hers.

The bed squeaked in protest at his powerful thrusts and Mira's whole body seemed to shudder each time their bodies collided. He felt his balls tightening. Her body was tensing too and he could tell she was cresting. They were both extremely close.

Suddenly her head flew up with a scream of pure pleasure and he realised she was coming. From the stunned look on her face and the way her blue eyes had glazed over it was obvious that she was coming harder than she ever had before in her life, but Narlissa had told him to expect that now that he had a magic cock.

Then his own climax arrived and he groaned as his spunk burst from his cock to spray into the gorgeous blonde. He wrapped one arm around her and held her close whilst she twitched in the throes of ecstasy, groaning as his own pleasure flooded through him at his orgasm.

At last the moment passed and Mira slumped down onto the bedsheets face-first. Aramil collapsed on top of her and then slowly withdrew his cock and rolled over. Slowly the guard turned her face to him and grinned.

"Wow," was all she said. "Just... wow."

She shifted, moving to rest her head on his shoulder. He heard her breathing deepen as she fell asleep and he realised that his own eyelids felt heavy. His first day outside the forest was coming to an end, here in a tavern with a gorgeous human woman naked next to him.

It had been a good first day.