 Aramil Liadon, elven ranger, stepped out of the tavern onto the town's main street with a grin. The morning sun was warm and the road was already busy with people and smells.

A cart lumbered up and halted, the driver shouting at Aramil to get out of the middle of the road. He smiled sheepishly and darted to the far side. The man gave him a gruff look and then carried on. Aramil wasn't sure he'd ever get used to the concept of roads and all the traffic that seemed to travel on them.

He started to walk until he came across a plaza where a dozen market stalls had been set up. He wandered from stall to stall. Most were selling equipment or trinkets or things he was not interested in but eventually he came across one selling fruit.

Some of the fruits he recognised. A few grew naturally in the forests where he'd grown up and others he had seen because elves returning from beyond the forest had brought them back. However some he had never seen before at all and he was eager to try them.

One particular fruit called out to him. It was about the size of an apple but was round and bright orange in colour. It looked exotic and that was reinforced by its price as it was more than four times as much as the next most expensive fruit.

"That's an orange," the market stall owner said, smiling at him. She was a woman in what Aramil guessed was her mid-fifties.

"It is named after its colour?" he asked, surprised. "That must be confusing."

"Or maybe the colour is named after it," the woman winked back.

Aramil furrowed his brow. He had not thought of that. He wondered which was true, but his stomach rumbling swiftly reminded him that he needed to eat. He asked for three of the oranges and the woman quickly handed them to him.

"That's one gold coin please," she said. Aramil gave it to her. That was extremely expensive but Aramil's concept of money wasn't particularly good yet.

As he ate the exotic looking fruit he found it very bitter but also very pleasant. He would definitely enjoy the other two that he had bought.

However one thing playing on his mind was his money. He didn't really understand what it was worth yet but he did know that humans used it for practically everything and that he would run out sooner or later. If the price of the oranges was anything to go by then it would be sooner.

It was then that he remembered the gift Symii had given him. He dug into his pack and found the small bundle of fairy dust. He finished the orange and looked around, then smiled as his eyes fell on what he was looking for. An alchemist's shop sat in the corner of the square looking bright and inviting. He collected his belongings and walked over to it.

He pushed the door and stepped inside and saw no one there. However the walls were lined with jars full of various ingredients, some of which he recognised but many he did not. There were also displays of potions and elixirs that had obviously been made by the owner of the shop.

"How can I help you?" said a woman's voice behind the curtain at the rear of the shop.

"I'm here to sell some wares, if you would be interested," he called back.

The curtain moved and a beautiful woman in what appeared to be her mid-thirties stepped out. However Aramil knew she was probably closer to seventy because the pointed ears that protruded through her wavy blonde hair revealed that she was in fact a fellow elf!

She stood about 5'4" tall. She wore a plain red dress and brown boots that didn't conceal what was clearly a slender body with lovely large breasts, but didn't try to flaunt it either. She regarded Aramil with warm green eyes.

"Well, aren't you a pleasant sight. Not often I see another elf," she grinned mischievously as she sauntered past him and took up a position behind the counter. Aramil noticed her scanning his body as she passed. "I am Kerianas. So, what is it you have to sell?"

"Fairy dust," he replied simply, taking out the bundle and laying it on the counter.

The alchemist's eyes went wide. "Fairy dust?" she said, clearly stunned. "How much?"

"That bundle's worth."

She looked at him first with wonder then slight suspicion. She reached out, undoing the bundle and unfolding it. She gasped at what she saw, which Aramil took as a good sign.

The fairy dust still sat within, glittering beautifully. It seemed to change colour based on the light. At the moment it was pure gold, but when Symii had given it to him in the shade of the woods it had looked more of a reddish copper colour. And at night it was a shimmering silver. Then again it was magic so it didn't need to make sense.

Kerianas stepped away, collecting a small glass vial to which she added a few ingredients. Then she dropped in a tiny pinch of the the fairy dust, causing the entire mixture to hiss and pop before at last settling into a beautiful purple colour.

She stared at it with wide eyes. Clearly she was impressed.

"This is so pure," she said, turning back to the fairy dust. "And so much of it. Where did you get it?"

"I met a fairy in the woods. She gave it to me," he shrugged. It was the truth.

Kerianas looked up at him with amusement. "As simple as that, huh? Well, I won't pry any further. I want this dust, Aramil, and I'm prepared to give you two hundred gold coins for it. That's my entire savings, but this will be worth it."

Two hundred coins sounded like a lot. It would buy him lots of oranges, at least! He nodded. "Agreed."

Kerianas clapped her hands together with delight and collected the bundle, setting it beneath the counter. Aramil wondered why it was so valuable.

"What does the fairy dust actually do?" he asked. "Is it an important ingredient?"

"It's an enhancer for making stronger, purer potions. You add it to a reaction and what you get at the end is much cleaner and more potent."

"That sounds extremely useful."

"It is," Kerianas grinned. "And it is is exactly what I need to make my fortune. The next time you see me, I'll be running a huge shop in the capital."

She leaned on the counter. Aramil was sure he noticed her gaze slipping up and down his body again. His magic cock twitched at the lustful sparkle in her green eyes.

A moment's silence passed between them then. Aramil's mind was filled with images of him passionately fucking the sexy elven alchemist. Horniness flared through him.

After a moment she spoke. "I still do not know your name."

"Aramil."

"Well, Aramil, what are you planning to do today?"

He shrugged. "I was going to leave this settlement and continue on. I believe there is a city ahead."

"There is indeed," Kerianas said, slowly coming round from the counter. "And if you are new to these parts you should definitely head that way. The city will take your breath away."

Then she was in front of him. She reached out and placed a hand on his chest.

"But before you leave, perhaps you might stay a moment longer? Seeing another elf is a rare treat, and acquiring the fairy dust has left me in the mood to, well..." She met his gaze and grinned naughtily, letting her hand start to trace lower. "Celebrate."

Aramil did not need to be told outright what it was this gorgeous elven alchemist wanted. He stepped close to her, wrapping his arms around her waist and kissing her deeply. Her tongue pushed into his mouth and he responded in kind. He enjoyed the intense passion of the kiss and his magic cock quickly grew hard.

The alchemist's hand finally reached its target then and she began to massage his member through his pants. He moaned into their kiss. Not wanting to let her have all the fun he slid his hands up the front of the blonde elf's body to grasp her big tits, giving them a good squeeze as the globes filled his hands.

Kerianas stepped away from him then and reached behind her, evidently going for the knots to her red dress. Aramil's breath caught in his throat as the garment fell to the floor and revealed her glorious naked body. He stepped closer to her again, kissing her deeply and once more cupping her breasts.

Then he picked her up and she wrapped her legs around his waist as he carried her to the counter of her small shop. Dropping her down on it he pushed her legs apart and dived between them. Seconds later he was smearing his tongue across her pussy.

He took great pleasure in going down on her. He licked and kissed her lips and clit before lifting his hand to gently slip one finger inside of her. Soon the alchemist was rolling her hips back against his face at the expertise of his work and he knew she was going to climax. She cried out lustfully as she came, her green eyes rolling back at the pleasure that pulsed through her. When the orgasm passed she slumped back down onto the counter for a few moments then slowly pushed herself upright.

"That was amazing, Aramil. Thank you," she giggled. "But now I think it is time for you to fuck me."

"I think you're right," he agreed with a wink, stripping off clothes. Kerianas moaned at the sight of his hard member as it sprang free.

They were both naked now except for the the brown boots that Kerianas still had on. Aramil had to admit however that it was actually very hot the way she was still wearing the boots. Then he lined his cock up with her cunt and moments later he was buried inside her silken pussy.

He started to pump his hips at once though he made sure to keep the pace gentle. The blonde elf seemed to appreciate that and her moans were loud in the quiet shop. 

Suddenly he realised that Kerianas had not locked the door. It was possible that a customer might wander in at any moment. Not that Aramil cared - far more important to him was the way Kerianas looked and felt as he fucked her.

Her green eyes stared into his and she wrapped her legs around his waist. He enjoyed the passion of their sex and reached up to squeeze one of her big tits as his pace slowly increased. Soon her entire body rocked with his thrusts and her boots banged into his ass every time he pulled out. He could feel her body tensing and knew she was getting close to her release.

"I'm going to fucking come," the blonde elf moaned, staring at him with wide eyes. "Fuck me with your big cock!"

He sped up his thrusts, grabbing the alchemist's head and tugging her forwards for a frantic kiss as the moment neared. Her yelps of pleasure were muffled by his mouth but when he let go she pulled her head back and cried out in utter bliss.

"Aramil, yes! I'm coming so hard!" she shrieked.

Her pussy clamped down on his member and he enjoyed the feel of her incredibly powerful orgasm as her walls spasmed on his dick. Almost as much as he enjoyed his own pleasure when his creamy jizz exploded into her cunt. For a while they remained that way, rope after rope of his cum splattering against her sensitive walls. Both were lost to the ecstasy of their orgasms but eventually that pleasure began to fade. When it had done so, Aramil withdrew with a delighted sigh.

Kerianas quickly climbed from the counter and as Aramil dressed she took the fairy dust behind the curtain at the back of the store. She reemerged still naked and gave him a quick kiss and a pouch of gold coins, then hurried him out of the shop stating that she had work to do. But before he left, she made him promise that he'd come find her when she'd got set up in the capital.

"After all, there'll be more to celebrate, won't there?" she said with a naughty smile, then pushed him out of the door.

Aramil quickly tucked the gold coins into his pack, noting that though they were quite heavy he'd cope. He turned and set off for the main road. He wanted to see the city and that meant he needed to resume his journey.

Soon he was travelling again.