 Aramil Liadon, elven ranger, wandered along the busy road with a smile on his face. He had a pouch full of gold and a head full of wonder at the world he was experiencing. He suspected that the good times would not always last so he wanted to make the most of this sense of adventure whilst he had it.

The day slowly stretched out before him but Aramil did not grow tired. He was excited about seeing the city. The town he had stopped in last night had seemed gigantic to him but Kerianas had said it was nothing compared to the city up ahead. He looked forward to it taking his breath away.

And as he approached it from a distance it most certainly did. He crested a hill and then realised he was looking down into the city, which sat alongside a river. Even from this far away he could see the castle that stood on a hill in the middle of the city. It was very imposing and Aramil guessed that the duke who lived there was very important. That would explain why his wedding was such a major event.

Slowly he made his way towards the city and by early afternoon he was standing at its front gate. The walls were made of stone and huge and Aramil felt as if he were entering a fortress. He strode past the guards at the front gates and soon found himself in a different world.

Numerous shops lined the cobbled streets and everywhere was a mass of people. He had never seen anything like it. It was full of strange sights and smells and sounds and he was almost overwhelmed by it all. He stood staring for a moment until he was bumped out of the way by a man carrying a sack of turnips, who glared at Aramil for standing in the middle of the road.

He really needed to stop doing that.

For the rest of the day he wandered the city, enjoying its sights. Around every corner there seemed to be something new that he had never seen before. There were all sorts of people hurrying about like dwarves and halflings and even one or two elves.

Eventually however the day started to lengthen and he realised he was hungry. He was also getting very horny and he grimaced when he realised this was the drawback of his magic cock. If he didn't do something about it soon he would start propositioning every woman he came across and he didn't want that, especially not in an unfamiliar town where he might get himself into serious trouble.

With that in mind he decided to find a tavern. Somewhere nice he could afford to rent a room. That way he could get something to eat and he'd also have somewhere private if his horniness got too much.

He approached a guard standing by a bridge and asked directions to the nearest tavern. The man was very helpful and gave him a list, recommending a particularly nice establishment with good prices that was not too far away. Aramil made his way there and found the advice to have been excellent as the tavern was lovely. The price was also very reasonable and soon he had rented a room and returned to the main hall.

He ordered some food and happily ate it as it arrived. It was very different to what he was used to since it was not elven cuisine but he knew he'd have to get accustomed to that. Humans tended to eat different foods and especially here in the city variety was limited. That said it was still a very tasty meal and he enjoyed it.

It was only when he had finished the meal that he realised the tavern had got really busy. He waited for a serving girl to come and collect his plate.

"What's going on?" he asked as the woman picked up his plate.

She smiled. "Dancer's gonna perform for us. Rare treat." She winked at him. "Might wanna get a better view, you're gonna like her."

Then the woman strode off and Aramil was left wondering what she meant. He stood up, finding that it was difficult to see the stage at the far end of the tavern which is where everyone was looking. He was tall but not overly so which meant he couldn't see over all the heads which were in the way.

Then he had a thought. As an elf he was exceedingly agile and he noticed a low beam that supported the ceiling. With a quick jump he grabbed hold of it and then in one smooth motion swung himself onto it so he had a perfect view of what was going on.

Moments later the room suddenly went very quiet and everyone focused on the stage. Aramil had to stifle a gasp as a young woman walked in. A few others were not as composed as Aramil though and he heard a few gasps from around the room.

The woman was absolutely stunning. She was probably about 5'9" and in her late-twenties, with wavy black hair that fell to the middle of her back and bright green eyes. She was wearing a long glittery blue skirt that fell all the way to the floor and then an extravagant top that revealed her midriff but was tight over her large breasts. An elaborate and expensive silver necklace with multiple layers completed the outfit.

Then the music started. Aramil did not know where it was coming from but it was beautiful. What was even more beautiful however was the way the woman started to move.

She started slowly but as the music grew louder her movements grew more energetic. It seemed to complement the music perfectly but what really took his breath away was the way colours seemed to swirl around her as she danced with the music. Clearly she was also an illusionist of some sort.

It was the most beautiful show Aramil had ever seen and he realised it was dragging out all the emotions in him. She was able to dance sadly, angrily, happily, even comically.

Finally, as the show seemed to be winding down, the woman started to move more sensually. The music grew erotic. She burst into a dance that was extremely passionate and arousing and Aramil's balls ached at the sight of it. His horniness had never abated when confronted with the sight of such a beautiful woman but this final dance almost pushed him over the edge.

She kept the performance up for a few minutes and then finally finished, bowing low and dancing off stage to rapturous applause. After she had gone Aramil decided to stay a little longer on the beam. For you see the eroticness of the dance had made him a little... uncomfortable.

In other words he did not want to climb down from the beam whilst he had a raging erection. Soon it had faded just about enough that no one would notice and he jumped down. He had just reached the bottom of the stairs when a woman emerged from a side door without looking and walked straight into him.

He quickly regained his balance and turned to her. Then his breath caught. It was the dancer!

She was wearing a shapeless grey shawl that covered her body entirely but he knew she was probably still wearing the dancing outfit beneath. His cock twitched at the sight of her.

"Sorry," he said hurriedly. "That was my fault."

The dancer seemed stunned to see him, then quickly composed herself. "Nonsense, I wasn't watching where I was going." She bit her lower lip and seemed to consider something for a moment, then held out her hand. "I am Cassandra."

Aramil took it, flinching inwardly. Her skin was so soft and she was so hot and it was all he could do not to just blurt out that he wanted to fuck her right there. His horniness was beginning to overwhelm him.

"I am Aramil," he said, bowing.

"Well, Aramil, what brings an elf here? Are you a traveller?"

He groaned under his breath. He really needed privacy to take care of his burgeoning erection. He nodded distractedly.

Cassandra looked concerned. "Are you alright? You seem flustered. Is there something on your mind?"

Aramil grimaced. Then his horniness flared and he couldn't control what he said next. "You are what's on my mind, Cassandra. Memories of your final dance, and fantasies of more."

He flinched inwardly when he realised with horror what he'd just blurted out. But to his great relief she did not shout at him. Instead a naughty smile settled on her face.

"You're not one for subtle flirtation, are you?" she teased. "But if we're being blunt about it, then you'll be pleased to know I feel the same way."

"You do?" he said, shocked.

"I noticed you watching me whilst I danced, Aramil," she said. "I enjoyed your gaze. It is not every day an extremely handsome young elf comes to watch my show. But dancing for you has left me worked up and in need of a release of my own."

He growled with desire. "Then perhaps we can help each other."

She smirked. "I certainly hope so. I know we have only just met but this is too serendipitous an opportunity to waste. You said your mind was full of fantasies about fucking me. Well, forgive my forwardness, but how about you take me upstairs and I'll let you have the real thing?"

Suddenly she was kissing him and he groaned and kissed her back. It was a brief moment of passion and then she pulled away, tugging him up the stairs.

He took the hint and soon he was unlocking his tavern door and stepping inside. Cassandra stared at him lustfully and he barely had time to shut the door before she was kissing him again.

He groaned as he wrapped his arms around her. Her hands were immediately on his armour and he let her peel it from his body. However when he went to remove her shawl she playfully slapped his hands away. Obviously she didn't want him undressing her.

Soon he was naked however and she broke the kiss to stare at him with lust in her green eyes. She grabbed his shoulders and led him to the bed, where she pushed him onto it. He sat upright and she stepped back, undoing the clasp of her shawl and letting it fall away.

She was still wearing her dancing outfit and it looked even more sexy close up. She grinned at Aramil.

"I would like to do one final dance for you, Aramil. To see the effect I'm having... first hand." She looked down at his cock and licked her lips, then met his gaze and winked.

She waved her hands and suddenly gentle music started. Then she began to move and Aramil could only watch. The dance quickly grew sensual, the air seeming to grow thick with incense and the colours swirling round her as she moved her hips in an extremely arousing fashion.

Her dance made him even hornier if that was possible and he felt his cock harden until it was at full mast. Given that it was precisely what Cassandra wanted however he didn't care, letting his member stand up proudly in plain sight. What made it hotter was that Cassandra barely broke eye contact with him, reinforcing that this erotic dance was for him and him alone.

Then Cassandra started to move closer and soon she was mere feet away. With a final flourish the dance finished and she smiled at him naughtily.

"Watching your cock get hard for me was... amazing," she whispered, clearly extremely turned on.

Then without another word she dropped to her knees and grasped his member. She leant forwards and sucked him into her mouth and he moaned loudly at the feeling. Soon she was bobbing her head and he enjoyed her efforts and the way she would sometimes pull off to lick down his sides. It was a sensational blowjob and her tongue and lips explored every inch of his cock. Eventually she stood back up and kissed him, pushing his shoulders as their tongues duelled.

Aramil took the hint and climbed further onto the bed. He watched on lustfully as Cassandra finally removed her clothes, leaving her totally naked except for her expensive silver necklace. Her figure was absolutely sensational and he was in heaven as she climbed onto the bed after him.

She grinned then hunched over his waist and continued the blowjob. Soon she was passionately bobbing her head on his dick once more. After another couple of minutes of pleasuring him with her mouth she pulled away again, straddling his waist and lining his cock up with her waiting pussy.

He enjoyed the way her green eyes rolled back as he slipped inside her almost as much as he enjoyed the feel of her hot cunt swallowing him up. She was sitting up straight and started to bounce her hips, the position sticking her chest out. Her tits practically called out to his hands and so he didn't want to disappoint them. He reached up and grasped the mounds, feeling the cold metal of the silver necklace against the back of his hands.

Soon she was bouncing her hips more energetically and Aramil delighted in the sight and feel of the black-haired beauty. After a few minutes he felt her body tensing and then with a scream of rapture she came all over his cock. He felt her pussy quivering and groaned at the feeling.

However Aramil wanted more and so when Cassandra slumped down on top of him in the aftermath of her orgasm he immediately started to thrust again. Her green eyes went wide and then rolled back and he felt his balls twitch as his hips hammered up into her. He wrapped his arms around her and threaded his fingers through her black hair, enjoying the way their bodies were pressed together and her big tits were squashed against his chest. Her silver necklace rattled against his chest.

"The gods, Aramil... you're going to make me come again..." she whispered with a stunned look on her beautiful face. Then she frantically kissed him and he fucked her harder for another minute or so.

And then she did come again. Her back arched and she shrieked out her pleasure as a second orgasm exploded inside her. Aramil grunted as he felt her cunt clamp down on him and thrust upwards one final time as his jizz burst from his dick and sprayed into her twitching tunnel. Their orgasms seemed to stretch out as pleasure overwhelmed them.

When at last the moment had passed Cassandra kissed him, then giggled and rolled from his body. Her green eyes were sparkling with delight in the aftermath of their fantastic sex.

Then she snuggled up next to him and settled down. Clearly she had no intention of heading back to her own tavern room tonight. As she did so, Aramil let his eyes explore her beautiful naked body. He didn't think he'd mind waking up next to the gorgeous dancer.

He didn't think he'd mind at all.