 Aramil Liadon, elven ranger, woke to find the sun already streaming through the shutters of the tavern room window. He groaned in annoyance. He had wanted to get up early to resume exploring the city.

Then he smiled to himself when he remembered that there was a good reason to still be in bed at this hour - the gorgeous raven-haired beauty asleep next to him. Cassandra was a dancer who had performed at the tavern the night before, then dragged him upstairs and ridden his cock until she'd come so hard she couldn't think straight. More than once.

"Morning, Aramil," she said as her eyes fluttered open.

He grinned and leant forwards, gently kissing her in the early morning. She responded in kind and their tongues delicately danced, but quickly the passion grew. She wrapped her hands around his neck and he rolled on top of her as their kiss swiftly became more lustful.

Then Aramil broke it, instead started to kiss his way down the dancer's amazing body. The sheets came with him allowing the sun to bathe her figure in light and he delighted in it. He grasped her big tits, squeezing them and sucking her sensitive nipples into his mouth one after the other, then he went lower and traced his tongue over her stomach. Cassandra moaned as he reached her legs and pushed them apart and he could see the anticipation in her green eyes. Clearly she didn't mind being woken up this way.

He pressed his tongue against her pussy and ran it slowly upwards, delighting in the whimper of ecstasy his movements drew. Then he did it again but more quickly and soon he was exploring her delicate folds with his tongue. She moaned and sobbed in pleasure at his work and he brought a finger up, sliding it into her pussy whilst his tongue finally focused on her clit.

Soon she was rubbing her hips back against his face, her green eyes wide with pleasure, and after a few minutes she cried out as her orgasm hit. He could feel her cunt twitching on his probing finger and he slowly lapped at her clit as she rode out her powerful climax.

When he was done he lifted his head and climbed back up Cassandra's body. She grabbed his cheeks and pulled him in for a frantic kiss.

"That was amazing," she moaned. "But now I want you to fuck me."

Aramil grinned. "Then bend over."

Cassandra's eyes lit up with naughty amusement and she hurriedly twisted round onto all fours in front of him. Immediately he was behind her, one hand grasping her hips whilst the other fed his cock to her hungry cunt.

She moaned and pushed herself back against him as he slipped inside her and soon he was pumping rhythmically into her magnificent cunt. Her black hair was messy over her back and he held her hips firmly as his pace grew. It did not take long until the slapping of their hips was loud in the quiet room. The only other sounds were their loud moans and the creaking of the bed at their movements.

"What a wonderful way to wake up," Cassandra sobbed, her head lowering as her pleasure built.

Aramil grinned and fucked her harder. He could tell his efforts were having the desired effect by the way her body was tensing. His magic cock always made sure his partner got off and that didn't look like changing any time soon. His balls twitched and he knew he was going to come too so he voiced a warning as his member plowed into Cassandra's hot cunt.

Then the moment arrived for his stunning companion. With a cry she threw her head back and pushed her hips against Aramil's, her cunt spasming as her orgasm hit. He could tell she was coming exceptionally hard by the way her body jerked and that knowledge coupled with the feel of her amazing pussy was enough to push him over the edge. With a bellow of pleasure he thrust forwards and his spunk erupted from his dick to flood into Cassandra's womb.

Eventually their pleasure receded and he withdrew his spent cock from her, giving her ass a playful squeeze as he did so. She turned her head to him and grinned, rolling onto her back.

Then she slipped from the bed and started to dress. Aramil enjoyed watching her but soon she was wrapped in her grey shawl once more and ready to leave.

She came over to him with a naughty smile. "I should keep you around," she said. "Can you play an instrument?"

He shook his head. "Sadly I cannot."

"Too bad, we could have made a great team. I'd dance and you'd provide the music... and then after the show I'd suck your cock, and you'd fuck my brains out."

"Well, when do you leave the city? I might not be able to play an instrument, but we can always skip straight to the second part."

Cassandra grinned. "That's very true. I'm staying in the 'Six Horses' tavern. If you find yourself with a free evening then come visit me there. We'll put that little ritual into practice."

Then she kissed him quickly before slipping from the room. Aramil lay there in silence for a moment enjoying the afterglow of such excellent morning sex before he decided he too should get dressed.

He climbed from the bed and washed himself and then got dressed. Less than half an hour later he was out in the streets of the city and enjoying the sights.

The sun was up and it was mid-morning and the streets were full of people. There seemed to be an excited buzz in the air and as Aramil bought his breakfast from a merchant he asked him why. He was told it was because the big wedding was on tomorrow. Even though the commoners would not be invited to see the ceremony itself they would still be introduced to the new noble couple when they appeared on the balcony of the castle. It was the biggest event in months. Aramil thanked the man and moved on.

He wandered the streets all morning. There were so many odd shops and different sights and smells. He went to a market full of strange wares and spices that took his breath away and then found himself in a large park, which he was a very big fan of. It didn't compare to the wilderness but it was still a very nice idea to have a little bit of nature in the middle of such a big city. Aramil thought that if he ever ended up living in a city like this he would spend a lot of time in gardens and parks.

After that he wandered over to the river and the canals that came off it. Canals were something he could barely get his head around. They were man-made rivers and the amount of work that would take seemed staggering to him.

Soon however his wandering brought him to the foot of the castle. It was even larger up close and Aramil could scarcely believe a building of that size could ever be built. He thought some of the trees in his people's forest were large but they looked like twigs compared to the castle. He watched it for a while as dozens of people streamed in and out of the entrance. It was very busy but with the wedding approaching that was not surprising.

He wanted to see inside it but did not think that was very likely. The merchant he'd spoken to earlier had already told him that commoners were not allowed inside the castle and Aramil strongly suspected he would be considered a commoner. There were two well-armed guards standing either side of the gate and he knew he could not sneak past them.

After a few minutes he decided he had seen enough of the outside. He was just about to turn around and walk away when someone came to stand next to him and put their hand on his shoulder in a familiar way.

"It's nice to see you again, Aramil," they said.

He smiled as he turned his head and realised who it was. "Hello, Mira."

"I bet you've never seen anything like it, have you?" the blonde guard said, nodding towards the castle.

He took a quick moment to scan over her. She was beautiful, with piercing blue eyes and a gorgeous face framed with a parted bob of blonde hair. Her form-fitting leather armour revealed her gorgeous toned figure and pushed outwards with the swell of her large breasts. Of course what made it even better was that he had already seen Mira outside of that armour, nakedly screaming in pleasure whilst she came all over his magic cock.

Aramil tried to drag his mind back to reality and shook his head in answer to her question. "I haven't. It is a shame I can't see inside, because I think it would take my breath away."

"Want a quick tour?"

Aramil's eyes went wide in surprise. "You won't get in trouble?"

"Nope. The Aboun family just took most of their retinue down to the markets. I'm off-duty until they return. Plenty of time to show you around." She grabbed his arm and started to tug him towards the entrance. "Come on, let's go."

Aramil did not resist and Mira pulled him towards the gate. Soon he found himself in the main hall of the castle.

It was huge and incredibly impressive. The ceiling was high and expensive tapestries were on the walls. Then Mira took him through to the dining room which was being set up by dozens of servants. Again it was breathtaking in its size and luxury.

Aramil was surprised to see such opulence in the castle when the city itself seemed so normal. Indeed there were quite a few poor people in the city and Aramil couldn't understand why so much wealth was being hoarded here when there were people in the streets starving. Humans were strange, he decided. Strange and perhaps a little selfish.

Still that did not change how grand everything was. Mira showed him from one room to the next. They got a few strange looks but every time someone looked like they might say something they noticed he was with Mira and then moved on. Clearly being in the company of a senior guard was enough.

Soon they had wandered through the downstairs and Mira was leading him up a stone staircase. It opened onto a short corridor with doors off to each side and Aramil realised that they were in the barracks. Soldiers came and went from the rooms and he saw what was clearly an armoury.

Then they stopped in front of a wooden door. Mira turned to him with a smile.

"Here we are," she said as she opened the door.

"Where?"

She shot him a wink. "Why, my private quarters, of course."

Then she opened the door and stepped through. She glanced around then grabbed his tunic and pulled him in too. She slammed him up against the door with a wicked grin and pressed herself against him.

"You didn't think I was giving you a tour out of the goodness of my heart, did you?" she said with a wicked grin as one hand traced down his armour then started to unbuckle his belt. "This was just the easiest way of luring you into my bedroom."

Aramil groaned as her hand successfully undid his belt and then slipped into his now-loosened pants. The fingers wrapped around his cock and she smirked at him.

"Now, if you'd like to leave I can show you back out right now, but I still have some free time... and an idea of the perfect way to use it," she said sultrily, then slowly dropped to her knees and pulled his pants down.

Aramil gasped in pleasure as she suddenly leant forwards and sucked his cock into her mouth. She teased him to full hardness with her tongue and then pulled off to kiss down his sides. Soon he was slick with her saliva and she started to pump her fist on his shaft whilst she eagerly bobbed her head on his tip. It felt amazing and he stared down into her blue eyes.

He pulled off his armour as she worked on his dick and soon he was naked. After a few minutes of the blowjob Mira pulled off then stood back up. Aramil tugged her in for a kiss and then as their tongues duelled started to peel off her armour. Soon she was as naked as him and he reached between them to grasp her big tits then let his hands slide over her slender body.

Suddenly she broke the kiss and grasped his dick, using it to guide him towards the bed. She slid onto the bed and spread her legs and Aramil hurriedly went with her, still kissing her as he climbed on top of her and speared her needy cunt with his elven dick.

"You feel so good inside me," she moaned as he hilted in her pussy.

He grinned and rested there for a moment before starting to thrust. Her eyes went wide at the feeling and he kissed her again. Soon he was hammering his hips into her and the whole bed was shaking with the force of his thrusts. He enjoyed the way her breasts tickled his chest as they wobbled with the movements of their sex.

Mira sobbed out loudly in pleasure as he fucked her and soon she had wrapped her legs around his waist as if trying to pull him in further. He pushed himself up onto straight arms so that he could see her gorgeous face flushing as she got closer to orgasm. Her blonde bob which was normally so smart had started to get dishevelled in their passion and her blue eyes were filled with need.

"Fuck me with your big elven cock!" she cried. "Fuck me, Aramil!"

He did as he was told and fucked her harder. The guard loved every second and he could tell she was right on the edge of coming. Seconds later he was proven right as she let out a scream of pure bliss. Her orgasm burst inside her and his followed a heartbeat later, both their minds lost to pleasure as rope after rope of his hot cum sprayed into the sexy blonde's shivering depths.

When it was done he collapsed next to her on the bed. She grinned at him with delight and for a moment they just lay there.

Suddenly a bell went up in the castle and she sat bolt upright.

"Shit!" she said, leaping from the bed and hurriedly getting dressed. "They're back early from the market. I have to go."

Aramil realised she was talking about Lord and Lady Aboun and their two daughters. "What should I do?" he asked as Mira frantically dressed.

She finished lacing up her tunic and then she was ready and headed for the door. She turned back to him as she grasped the handle. "You'll have to wait here until I'm back. I'm sorry about that, but if you wander the castle alone you'll be arrested."

"How long will you be?"

She grimaced. "Probably five or six hours. Sorry!"

Then she was gone. Aramil lay there in stunned silence. Six hours cooped up in this room, having to hide? No chance.

He'd have to find another way out.