 Aramil Liadon, elven ranger, creeped through the halls of the castle trying not to be seen. Earlier that day he'd been given a secret tour of the castle by Mira, but after they'd finished with a bout of passionate and energetic sex she'd suddenly had to go back on duty. He'd waited in her room for a few hours but it quickly grew too claustrophobic for him and he realised he needed to find another way out.

Mira had told him that he'd be arrested if he was spotted so he was doing his best to stay hidden. That was extremely difficult however because the impending wedding meant it was very busy. Finally he managed to get in sight of the main entrance but realised he couldn't reach it because there were too many people who would see him including the guards on the door.

Swearing to himself in annoyance, he backpedalled down the corridor into a place where it was quiet to gather his thoughts. Suddenly he had to shrink back as a servant carrying what looked like towels emerged into view. The man stopped opposite him and opened a door and Aramil saw stone steps behind it as the servant went down. He waited a few minutes and the man returned, this time without the towels.

When the servant was out of sight Aramil made a dash for the steps and slipped down them. He hoped it was some sort of washing area and there might be another exit. However what he found was very different.

He was in a large room beneath the castle. There were windows letting in plenty of natural light but they were very high up on the walls which suggested that the room was mostly underground. What really caught his eye though were the bathing pools, particularly the smallest one which steamed with hot water. It reminded him of the hot springs in the forests of his people.

Beside it two blankets had been laid out next to the towels the servant had been carrying. Clearly people were coming to bathe in it. Aramil did not want to get caught so he turned to leave but just as he did so the door opened again.

However, it was not the servant this time. Instead he heard two loud female voices, and he realised they were arguing with each other. As they fought he frantically looked around for somewhere to hide but realised with horror there wasn't anywhere.

"Fine, I'll bathe by myself!" one of the voices suddenly shouted. The door slammed shut and then there was silence except for the sound of footsteps on the stone staircase.

Aramil's breath caught as the woman descended into view. She was in her mid-twenties and about 5'7", with curly black hair that fell to her shoulders and warm brown eyes. A large black shawl was wrapped around her but he could still tell she had a lovely slender body with glorious big tits.

What really grabbed Aramil's attention however was her gorgeous dark skin which was the colour of rich chocolate. Aramil had never before seen such a beautiful skin tone. For you see, Aramil had grown up in a very small village of elves where everyone was fair-skinned. So this woman seemed extremely exotic to him and that made her even sexier in his eyes.

It was also clear that she was important. He did not think anyone but a noble of some sort would have permission to come down here.

The dark-skinned beauty's eyes narrowed as she noticed him. Her hands went to her hips. 

"Who are you?" she said angrily. "I was supposed to have these baths to myself!"

Aramil's mind raced. He did not want to get into trouble.

Suddenly he had an idea. "I'm a dignitary from the local elven clan and a guest of the wedding," he said with a bow, pleased with himself. "I came down here to bathe."

The woman glared at him. "Well I was told no one else had requested the use of the baths. Certainly not a man."

"Then perhaps there has been a mix up," he said.

The woman narrowed her eyes. A moment later she nodded, and Aramil breathed a silent sigh of relief.

"Alright, fine. But I'm not leaving," she said, looking tired. "I need this."

Then she pulled the shawl over her head and Aramil had to stifle a groan. Beneath it she had on a very short white bathrobe that revealed a hint of cleavage from her large breasts and left her long ebony legs bare. Other than the robe, he didn't think she was wearing anything else.

Suddenly she spoke, breaking his reverie. "Are you just going to stand there?"

He realised she was right. He needed to undress if he wanted to keep up the appearances of being a noble who had also come to bathe. He hurriedly stripped out of his clothes, trying not to be too embarrassed about being naked in front of a total stranger. 

However, that meant he was truly stuck now. He could no longer make an escape and would therefore actually have to follow through on his story.

With that in mind he padded to the edge of the pool as the woman folded her shawl. He dripped in a toe, then lowered himself into it. There was a ledge that ran around the pool about halfway down that could be sat on, so he did. The water was a gorgeous temperature and he could not help letting out a sigh of satisfaction.

Then the dark-skinned beauty straightened up and moved to stand at the edge of the pool. She met his eyes.

"So, now that you're comfortable, why don't you tell me the truth?" she said, her face hard. "I am Yulana Aboun, youngest daughter of Lord and Lady Aboun, and I have seen the guest list. There are no elven dignitaries on it. So who are you really?"

Aramil's eyes went wide when he realised what she'd said. The Abouns were the family Mira was guarding, and it was their eldest daughter who was marrying the duke! And so as her sister, it was no surprise that this woman had seen the guest list. She knew he was lying. He started to climb out of the pool quickly.

"I wouldn't try that," Yulana said, stopping him. "There are two guards on the door. They can be here within moments if I scream."

Aramil paused, then sank slowly back down into the water. He realised he might as well tell the truth. "My name is Aramil Liadon. I am an elf from the forests a few days' travel from here."

"And why are you in the castle?"

"I just wanted to see inside. I had never seen anything like it before. I thought I could sneak in and look around without being noticed." He smiled bashfully.

Yulana didn't say anything for a moment. She seemed to be considering his words. Then she sighed and shook her head. "I don't know why, but I believe you. Your story is too crazy to be made up; a real thief would invent something more realistic."

He started to stand. "So I can go?"

"Not a chance," she said. "How do you think it will look if people find out I was alone in here with you?"

He hadn't considered that. Once again he settled back in the water.

A moment's silence passed between them as she cocked her head and looked him up and down. It was clear she was thinking about something and then she smiled as if she had come to a decision.

"You know, this might turn out to be a stroke of good fortune after all," she said. "I need someone to talk to; someone who isn't invested in this wretched wedding. So who better than an elf that isn't even meant to be here?" She grinned. "How about this, Aramil: if you listen to me rant, I won't call the guards on you."

"I can't argue with that," Aramil said, relieved he wasn't about to be arrested.

She smiled warmly, before reaching for the knot to her robe. "Good. I'm glad I can finally bathe." Then she paused, meeting his gaze and smirking naughtily. "Try not to enjoy this too much, Aramil."

Then she let it fall away. Aramil had to bite back a groan. She was stunning. Her body was slender but curvy in all the right places, with a round ass and gorgeous big tits. He could not take his eyes off her.

"Hey, I told you not to enjoy yourself too much," she teased as she slipped into the water. Clearly she had cheered up at the prospect of someone she could talk to.

Soon she had lowered herself fully into the water. Aramil sat there in silence as Yulana let out a moan of relaxation and closed her eyes. He did not want to disturb her so he quietly enjoyed the feel of the water himself. Eventually she spoke again.

"So, about my problem. It's this wedding..."

Aramil listened as Yulana complained. It turned out that she was arguing with her family because she was against the idea of the wedding. She really didn't like the duke, mainly because she felt he was stealing away her sister. Already she barely saw her sibling and after the wedding she knew it would be even worse.

Aramil realised Yulana was jealous. It was quite apparent she was very close with her sister and they had always spent a lot of time together, but now her sister was spending time with her future husband instead. Like many friends in that position Yulana was feeling a little bit left out.

He suggested that perhaps Yulana needed to accept her sister moving away as part of life. But at the same time she did not need to be worried about losing her as a friend. She might see less of her but that was just something that happened. It did not mean their bond was broken.

Yulana met his gaze. "Curse the fates, but I think you're right," she said, realisation dawning on her beautiful face. "I'm just being jealous. Oh, what a child I've been." 

Then she sighed sadly, lowering herself further into the water. "Still, that doesn't make me feel any better. In my petulance I have not arranged a gift for them, and now it is too late. I've really fucked this whole thing up."

Suddenly Aramil had an idea. There was a tradition in elven weddings that he thought might be useful.

"Yulana, in elven weddings it is often the custom to gift entertainment to the new couple."

"Like a bard?" she said. "It's a good idea, but there is no way I will find anyone suitable in less than a day."

However Aramil had already thought of that. For you see Aramil was a very resourceful and creative young elf. Especially when it was a beautiful naked woman who wanted his help.

"I was in a tavern last night and there was a dancer who put on the most amazing show," he said. "She held the entire audience in awe. I am sure the wedding guests would find it just as spectacular as I did. Her name is Cassandra, and she's staying at the "Six Horses" tavern."

The dark-skinned beauty's eyes went wide at the suggestion and her face lit up. She sat bolt upright in excitement.

"Aramil, that is perfect!" she cried in delight. "Oh, Aramil, you've saved me! I will send out a messenger as soon as I am done here."

She regarded him a moment in sheer joy and relief. However as the moments passed that expression because a naughty smile. She reclined in the water and Aramil gasped as he felt her toes grazing his leg.

"However, it appears I am suddenly facing a new problem," she said, not breaking eye contact with him as her foot started to trace higher. "You see, I appear to have found myself naked in the castle baths alongside an elf. An elf I find extremely attractive, and to whom I owe an immense debt of gratitude."

He groaned as her foot found his cock, gently pressing against it. She started to use her sole to massage his member.

"And the thing is, I've just realised that I really want to fuck him. But I don't know if he wants to fuck me too..."

Aramil swallowed. "I think he does."

Then she pulled her foot away and slipped towards him in the water, settling onto his lap. She leaned down until their faces were only inches apart.

"Good," she whispered.

She kissed him. Aramil returned the motion and their tongues pushed into each other's mouths. The passion between them exploded and her hands moved to grasp his cheeks.

Suddenly the dark-skinned beauty pulled away, biting her lower lip. "Although, I should warn you of something."

"Oh?" he said, resisting the urge to tug her back down to continue their fervent kiss.

"The guards are only on the other side of that door. And, well... I'm a bit of a screamer," she grinned. "I can't help it. I just get noisy when I'm getting fucked."

"I guess I'll just have to keep your mouth busy," Aramil growled in response.

"Truly the most resourceful of elves," she said with a wink and then kissed him again.

Aramil slipped his hands between their bodies to fondle her large breasts as they kissed and he enjoyed the feel of the noblewoman pressed up against him. Her hand fluttered down to stroke his cock and soon he could take no more. He needed to taste her.

He wrapped his arms around her and stood up, bringing her with him and she grinned as he spun round and gently placed her on the edge of the baths. Placing his knee on the ledge he'd been sitting on he pushed her legs apart and dived between them.

"Oh gods..." Yulana moaned as he found her cunt and started to pleasure her with his tongue. She tasted wonderful and he enjoyed every second of eating her pussy. However he realised she hadn't been lying when she said she was noisy and as her pleasure grew so did her volume. Aramil stared up into her brown eyes and she gazed back at him with pure desire, her lips open as she moaned loudly.

Then he had an idea. As he found her clit and started to tease the sensitive bud he reached up with one hand to slip two fingers into her mouth, though he stopped off at the way to grasp one of her big tits. She grabbed his wrist and started to tease his fingers with her tongue and lips as if they were his cock. It had the desired effect of muffling her moans and Aramil was able to get back to focusing on bringing the dark-skinned beauty to orgasm.

A minute or so later she screamed out onto his hand, the sound deadened by his fingers in her mouth but he knew that she was coming hard. Her juices leaked around his mouth and she pressed her hips back against him as her body shivered.

He stood back up and kissed her whilst she smiled in the aftermath of her climax. Her tongue duelled with his and then suddenly her hands were on his shoulders, spinning him round. Aramil got the hint and moved to sit on the edge of the pool with his feet on the ledge.

Yulana twisted round and started to kiss down his body until she was now the one kneeling on the ledge in the pool. Aramil stared down into her brown eyes with lust as her lips parted and she sucked his cock into her mouth. It felt amazing as she eagerly bobbed her head but she did not do it for too long, only a minute or so.

Instead she started to kiss her way back up his body until she was pressed against him. She lifted her hips and took hold of his cock and angled it with her waiting cunt. Their eye contact did not break as she slowly sat down on his dick and Aramil groaned at the feel of her hot pussy swallowing up his member.

She rested there a moment with her eyes wide in wonder and then she grinned and started to move her hips. She was slow at first and Aramil just enjoyed the feel of the dark-skinned noblewoman riding him. He could not resist but reach up and toy with her big tits as she ground her hips back and forth on his lap.

Then he realised she was starting to get louder. Her face displayed her pleasure and he could tell that she knew she was being too noisy too but didn't want to stop fucking him. The same thought occurred to them both at the same time because suddenly Yulana leant forwards and kissed him passionately.

The new angle made it hard for her to move her hips so Aramil took over and started to thrust upwards into his gorgeous companion. The water sloshed around his ankles as he hammered his cock into her tight pussy and he could tell she was getting close. She was practically screaming into his mouth and he was grateful that their kiss muffled her sounds somewhat.

Suddenly her eyes went wide and she tried to pull away, a shriek torn from her lungs as her cunt clamped down on his dick in orgasm. He reacted immediately, holding her in place and keeping up their kiss even as his own climax hit and his jizz erupted into her spasming pussy. He held her close to him, keeping her lips pressed against his as they both rode out extremely powerful orgasms. Yulana's limbs thrashed as she came so hard she could barely think.

When it was done their kiss finally broke and she smiled at him with sparkling eyes. Slowly she lifted her hips so that his cock sprang free.

"You managed to keep me quiet," she grinned. "Very impressive. I'm quite sure I was being extremely noisy, too, given that no one has ever made me come like that before."

"I do my best," Aramil winked.

Yulana giggled and kissed him, then stood up and slipped back into her robe and shawl. "I better go. They'll start to wonder why I'm taking so long soon, which means they'll send a maid in and you'll be discovered. Don't get caught when you sneak out, Aramil." Then she blew him a kiss and headed up the stairs.

Aramil climbed out of the water and dried himself off, before getting back into his armour and starting to plan.

After all that, he still needed to find a way out.