 Aramil Liadon, elven ranger, crouched behind a bush and looked out over the castle gardens. Night had fallen and he'd used the cover of darkness to slip out of the castle itself, but the gardens were crawling with guards too so it hadn't really helped. He was still stuck.

He sighed. No one could see him where he was but at the same time he wasn't any closer to making an escape. His mind raced as he tried to think of a way out.

There was only fifty feet between him and the wall at the edge of the garden. The ground in between was carpeted in beautiful flowers and shrubs but they were much too short for him to climb through or hide behind. He would easily be seen if he tried to make a break for it.

He sighed in annoyance.

"Aramil, why are you hiding in a bush?" a quiet voice suddenly said right beside him.

He jumped almost a foot in the air in panic. He frantically turned his head to the source of the sound only to find a tiny pink-haired woman with wings on her back sitting cross-legged on a thick branch within the bush. He could only see her because of the moonlight and his excellent elven eyesight.

"Symii, what are you doing here?" he said with relief when he realised that the voice didn't belong to a guard who had found him.

"I said I'd find you again, didn't I?" the fairy said with amusement in her voice. "But you haven't answered my question."

He sighed. "Because I'm not meant to be in these gardens, and now I can't get out without being seen. I'm trapped."

Symii giggled. "Well, maybe I can help. Close your eyes."

Aramil suddenly realised what she was implying. He wouldn't be spotted if he was only five inches tall! He nodded in agreement then closed his eyes.

That strange sensation came over him and he staggered a little, trying to get his balance. And then it was over and he opened his eyes. He gasped. Even though this had already happened once he did not think he would ever get used to it.

He felt absolutely tiny. Which of course he was. He was not much larger than five inches tall. The bush was a towering tree as big as any in the forests he'd called home and what had been a thick flowerbed in front of him now looked like impenetrable forest.

Symii fluttered down next to him, suddenly the right size for him. As always she looked beautiful with her slender body and huge tits and Aramil had to suppress the horniness that flooded through him at her presence. She was only slightly shorter than him now, appropriately in scale with him.

"So, shall we go?" she said with a grin.

Aramil nodded and the two of them set off. They picked their way through the bush, which seemed a maze of tangled roots and branches. He knew that they could stay hidden by travelling through the flowerbed.

However the distance that had been fifty feet now seemed like miles. Yet the moment they crossed the threshold into the undergrowth a familiar feeling came over Aramil. His eyes started to spot routes through the bushes that a normal person would not.

He could woodwalk!

"Symii, stick by my side," he said. "I'm going to woodwalk."

"Ooh, exciting," the sexy fairy said, taking his arm and pressing herself against him. Her huge tits squashed up against his arm and he bit back a groan of lust.

Then they set off. The bushes did not seem to pass any faster but Aramil knew they were travelling quickly. For his size, at least.

Seeing the world from this perspective put a whole new slant on things. The plants were huge and so were the insects and other wildlife that once seemed tiny. He felt like he had been transported into a different world.

But as they continued on through the forest of bushes and flowers Aramil's horniness grew. Being in the company of Symii wasn't helping matters. His balls ached with the desire to find release inside her sexy body. He couldn't help shooting lustful glances at her as they travelled through the undergrowth.

"Aramil, you need to focus on where we're going, not on me," she giggled, clearly noticing his glances. "Otherwise we'll never make it out of here."

"You're right. Sorry. It's just that you're so hot, Symii. I can't help it," he said.

She stopped and looked at him with a naughty smile. "Aramil, you'll get your chance to fuck me. Just not right now. But if it helps you concentrate, then maybe I can give you the next best thing..."

Suddenly she kissed him. He returned the kiss but just as quickly as it had started she broke it again, this time dropping to her knees. She unbuckled Aramil's belt and he looked down with lust as she hooked out his rapidly-hardening cock and sucked it between her lips.

He groaned at the feeling and gazed into her pink eyes as she started to eagerly suck his dick. She was very good at giving head and soon he was thrusting his hips in time with her efforts. His member was wet with her saliva and he could feel his balls tensing as she pleasured him with her lips, tongue and hands.

A few minutes later he realised he was close to coming. He voiced a warning and that only seemed to make Symii suck him harder. He grabbed a fistful of her pink hair and with a cry of pure pleasure he came.

His spunk erupted from his cock and sprayed into the fairy's mouth. She stroked his cock as his orgasm shivered through him, milking him of his jizz and collecting it on her tongue. When he was finally done she pulled her head from his dick with a naughty sparkle in her pink eyes. She met his gaze and then very deliberately swallowed down his seed.

Then she pushed herself to her feet, gave him a kiss on the cheek with a giggle and took his arm again. "Let's carry on, shall we?" she said.

Aramil nodded, still in a slight daze from receiving such an expert blowjob. But soon he was mind was focused back on the task at hand now that his lust had been sated temporarily.

After another twenty minutes they were staring up at the castle walls. They had covered a lot of ground in very little time and once again Aramil was thankful for his elven ability to woodwalk. Symii smiled and then took to her wings, trying to find a way through.

She returned a few minutes later. She had found a small drainage channel in the base of the wall, which fed the stream that ran through the flowerbed. They had passed close to the stream a few times already and it had seemed like a river but at least it was a fairly slow moving one.

Aramil followed her directions and then came across the channel. A small tunnel about a foot across was cut into the bottom of the wall with a metal grate at either end. He knew he could easily fit through the grate - it was just a matter of swimming.

He took a moment to collect himself, then dived in.

He came up gasping. The water was icy cold. But it was no worse than the many rivers of the forest he grew up in. He gritted his teeth and started to swim for the grate. Symii fluttered along above him.

Luckily the water was quite slow moving so it was not too difficult. Soon he came to the grate, where he pulled himself up onto one of the metal ledges and waited a moment to recover. Then he moved into the tunnel and fought his way upstream.

After another five minutes he passed through the second gate and clambered out of the drainage channel. He was out of the castle!

Suddenly Symii landed next to him. She was grinning.

"You did it," she said. "Now close your eyes."

Aramil did and that familiar feeling washed over him. When he opened his eyes again he was full-sized once more. He shivered with the cold and clambered to his feet.

Symii came up and hovered in front of his face "You should head back to your inn. I'll meet you there."

He nodded and hurried through the town, dripping wet. He wondered how Symii would find his tavern but then remembered that she'd already found him once using magic so it probably wouldn't be hard for her to do so again.

The city was very empty just before dawn except for a few traders looking to get an early start with their stalls and shops. They did not get in Aramil's way however and soon he was back outside his tavern.

He pushed open the door, thankful that it hadn't been locked and smiled at the guard gazing out at him from next to the bar. The man recognised Aramil and just nodded back. Aramil was grateful he didn't ask him why he was soaking wet.

He rushed up to his room, delighted that he had finally made it out of the castle and done so without being caught. He pushed open the door and stepped through. Then he gasped.

Symii was sitting on the edge of his bed.

And she was human-sized.

"Hello," the beautiful pink-haired fairy said, standing up and seductively sauntering towards him.

"Symii you're... you're my size," he said, stunned.

She smiled naughtily as she reached him. "Well spotted, Aramil. I told you size-changing magic was a fairy's speciality, didn't I? That includes my own size. I decided it was my turn to experience a new perspective on things."

Then she was kissing him and he kissed her back passionately. His hands roved over her body until she suddenly broke the kiss and grinned wickedly.

"Let's get you out of those wet clothes," she murmured sultrily and immediately her hands were on his armour.

Aramil did not stop her stripping him naked and soon he was totally nude in front of her. She grinned, kissing him again before turning him around and pushing him roughly onto the bed. Moments later the sexy fairy had climbed on after him and their kiss was renewed with even more vigour.

He reached out to undo the knot that held her dress over her chest. She did not stop him pulling it loose and it fell away, revealing her huge tits dangling down. He tried to grasp them but she suddenly twisted away to instead hunch over his waist. Clearly she had another thought in mind.

He groaned as she took him into her mouth for the second time that night. Once more her lips and tongue did amazing things to his dick and he pushed her dress up to reveal her ass as she bobbed her head. Her pink hair was messy over her back, and her wings twitched.

After a few minutes she pulled away then sat up and hooked her fingers beneath her dress, which was bunched around her waist. She guided it down her legs then kicked it off entirely, leaving her as naked as him. Then as Aramil watched she twisted round onto all fours.

He did not need to be told what to do as she turned her head to smirk back at him. He was quickly kneeling behind her, easing his cock into her tight cunt. She moaned and pushed back against him. Her pussy felt amazing and it did not take long before he was thrusting passionately into the stunning fairy.

She moaned loudly, her back arching as he fucked her. Her wings twitched with pleasure and he reached out to touch them. Symii didn't seem to mind and he enjoyed how delicate they felt beneath his fingers. They practically vibrated as he fucked her.

Then he leaned forwards, his hip a blur as he fucked her harder and harder. Her huge tits swung beneath her and he could no longer resist reaching round to grasp them, feeling his fingers sink into the soft flesh whilst her hard nipples pressed into his palms.

"I'm going to come so hard, Aramil!" she whined and he didn't let up. He wanted to make the busty fairy come. It was the least she deserved for all the help she'd given him.

And so he was delighted when he got his wish. With a scream of rapture Symii's orgasm arrived, and her pink eyes went wide as she threw her head back. He held her huge tits as her body jerked and shivered, lost in the throes of an extremely powerful climax. The feel and sight of her pushed him over the edge too and with a grunt of his own he joined her in release. His cream spilled into her eager snatch as they rode out their orgasms together.

When it was finally finished Symii slumped forwards face first into the bedsheets and then lay there a moment, catching her breath. Aramil collapsed next to her and they shared a breathless grin.

After a while Symii pushed herself upright and climbed from the bed. She got dressed again and then smiled at him, leaning forwards to give him a lingering kiss. Then she broke the kiss and suddenly she was shrinking. Seconds later she was back to her normal tiny size and she came to hover in front of Aramil's face.

"That was a fun little adventure, with a very happy ending," she said with a cheeky wink. "But now I should go and you should sleep."

"Will I see you again?" he asked, hoping this wasn't the end of their friendship.

"Oh yes, definitely," she giggled. "You're much too fun to abandon. But just remember, next time it'll be your turn to change size again."

Then she gave him a tiny kiss on the cheek and darted through the open window.

Aramil collapsed back onto the bed with a contented sigh. The first rays of dawn were already creeping into the tavern room and he hadn't had a wink of sleep. It was time to rest.

He was asleep within moments.