 Aramil Liadon, elven ranger, woke up and realised it was past midday. The afternoon sun bathed his rented room with light and the city was loud outside his window. He wasn't entirely shocked by this however - after all, he had gone to bed at dawn.

More unexpected to him was the reason for his waking up. It appeared that a beautiful blonde woman was sucking his cock.

He was surprisingly unfazed by this.

"Hello, Mira," he said.

"Good afternoon," the busty guard replied, her blue eyes sparkling with amusement. "It's a relief to see you safe."

He smiled bashfully when he realised what she was talking about. "I'm sorry about disappearing yesterday."

"Don't be," she said around a mouthful of his dick. "I felt guilty about abandoning you anyway. I'm just glad you weren't caught."

A moment's silence passed between them whilst the busty guard expertly pleasured his cock. Well, silence apart from Aramil's groans and Mira's wet slurping.

Suddenly she pulled her face from his member. "I'm letting myself get distracted by your cock," she laughed. "And I shouldn't. Not when I have an important message to deliver."

"You do?"

"You've been invited to today's big wedding, Aramil. Lady Yulana wants you to be one of her private guests."

He sat bolt upright. He had not been expecting that.

"I have?" he said, shocked. "When does it start?"

"In an hour," Mira chuckled. "So you should probably get ready. But I need to finish what I started first..."

She pushed him down flat again and once more sucked his cock into her mouth. Her head immediately began to bounce on his member and he sighed and moaned in pleasure at her work, threading his fingers through her blonde hair. Even though he knew time was short there was no way he was going to ask her to stop. She was an expert in giving head and he loved it.

After a few minutes she pulled away. She bit her lip naughtily. "You know, I don't think anyone will notice if we're a little late returning to the castle."

Aramil watched on in lust as she climbed from the bed and unlaced her armoured tunic and bodice and peeled them from her body. Her big tits spilled free and then she loosened her pants and wiggled out of them. She was now totally naked and moments later she climbed back onto the bed, this time straddling his waist.

Then she sat down on his cock and her blue eyes rolled back as he slipped inside her hot pussy. She moaned loudly and took him in as far as he would go. Her eyes refocused on his and she grinned wickedly before starting to roll her hips back and forth.

He reached up to grasp her large breasts as she did so, giving them a quick squeeze before letting his palms wander over her body. She began riding him faster and faster and over the next few minutes he could feel her body tensing.

Then he could take no more and he reached up, dragging her down for a passionate kiss. At the same time he started to thrust into her tight body, enjoying the way she shrieked with pleasure into his mouth even as their tongues battled. Her big tits grazed his chest as they wobbled with his thrusts and he felt his balls twitch.

"Aramil, I'm coming!" Mira suddenly screamed, pushing herself more upright as her eyes glazed. He felt her body twitch and her juices leaked around his hammering cock. His magic cock never failed to get a woman off and then moments later he joined her, his cream flooding into her spasming cunt.

When at last their orgasms faded Mira climbed from the bed with a giggle and quickly got dressed again. Aramil washed himself before digging out the smartest clothes he had - elaborate elven garments designed for ceremonies. Mira looked suitably impressed when he was ready so he assumed they were acceptable. Then she took his arm and led him out of the tavern. 

Soon they came to the castle where bells were sounding loudly. She quickly led him through to the Great Hall.

"Just in time," she said with a smile. "Enjoy yourself in there, Aramil."

"You're not coming?"

"I'm on duty all evening. That's why I needed to have my fun with you before we left," she winked.

Aramil was quickly shown to his seat. A few minutes later it started and he found the ceremony fascinating. He could tell that a lot of the people around him were slightly bored because it went on for so long but Aramil was interested by all the customs. It was very different to a wedding amongst his people. There was a lot more extravagance here and a lot more speeches.

About an hour later the duke and Yulana's sister were married. He was a tall man with bright red hair and she was a dark-skinned beauty like her sister. They made a very sweet couple and Aramil wished them all the best.

Then he caught sight of Yulana and he smiled. She seemed genuinely delighted for her sister and he wondered if their talk in the baths the day before had helped. Given that she had invited him as a guest, he guessed it had and that this was her way of saying thank you.

After a while the man in charge of the ceremonies said something and everyone stood up to clap. Aramil realised it was over. The hall started to empty and Aramil went with them. He was pleased and interested to have seen a human wedding.

Suddenly he realised Yulana was waiting for him. She smiled and took his arm. She looked amazing, with a long blue gown that hugged her figure beautifully and her curly black hair worn up in a very attractive and fashionable style.

"Aramil, I'm so glad you could come," she said as they started to walk together. "Inviting you was the least I could do after all your help yesterday."

They chatted about the ceremony and Aramil could not keep his eyes off her. His lust burned at how good she looked. Soon however they came to a large dining room with numerous tables laid out. Yulana stopped walking and smiled at him.

"I must return to my family. But please, stay and enjoy yourself," she said. Then she leaned forwards to whisper in his ear. "I'll find you again when the evening is over. We can pick up from where we left off in the baths." She shot him a naughty wink, then slipped away.

The evening was a blur of entertainment. First there was a large meal and then they were shown into a hall where an orchestra played and drinks were served. Aramil did not drink anything alcoholic but still had a very good time. However after a few hours the orchestra went silent and then Aramil noticed the servants were going around putting out the candles to make the room dark.

He wondered if that was the sign that the celebrations were over when suddenly the orchestra picked up again and magical lights started to flicker around the stage. He gasped as a familiar figure danced into view. It was Cassandra!

She was wearing an elaborate dancing outfit with a long glittery gold skirt and tight gold top that left her midriff bare. Her long black hair was loose to the middle of her back. She looked absolutely stunning. 

Her performance was just as spectacular. The orchestra complemented her dances perfectly and her illusions were a swirl of light and colour around her. The entire audience were utterly enraptured, including the duke and his wife. Aramil was pleased that Yulana's gift was being so well-received. It had been his suggestion, after all.

When the show finally finished twenty minutes later everyone erupted in cheers and Aramil was delighted at how well it had gone. Cassandra bowed and slipped off the stage. A few moments later the crowd started to thin and Aramil realised the evening was over.

Suddenly he felt a tap on his shoulder and he turned to find Cassandra smiling at him. She was still wearing her dancing outfit but now had a small green shawl around her shoulders.

"Aramil! I didn't know you'd be here, " she beamed.

He laughed. "Neither did I until a few hours ago. I was only invited this afternoon."

"Well, you can give me an honest opinion. How was my performance?"

"It was one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen," he replied truthfully.

She giggled and swatted his chest. "You're just trying to flatter me," she teased. Then she smiled seductively. "Well, it's worked. Shall we leave together? My tavern room isn't far from here..."

Aramil bit back a groan at her words. He would have liked nothing more than to accompany Cassandra back to her inn and fill her with his spunk, but he was also looking forward to fucking Yulana and it was the noblewoman whom he had promised to spend the night with.

"I'm sorry, Cassandra," he said. "I already have plans this evening with someone."

"Ah, I understand," Cassandra said, obviously disappointed. "It was foolish of me to think that a gorgeous elf like you wouldn't be in demand." Then she smiled. "Can I at least ask who it is so I can be suitably jealous?"

"That would be me," Yulana said and Aramil realised that the noblewoman had come up to stand next to them. She must have overheard a good amount of what they were saying.

Cassandra curtseyed to the dark-skinned beauty then turned back to Aramil. "Well, I can hardly blame you for your choice," she grinned. "I will leave the two of you in peace."

Suddenly Yulana reached out and took her hand. "Wait a moment please, Miss Cassandra. Your performance this evening was a gift to my sister and her new husband, and you were everything I could have hoped for and more. I would like to thank you for that." She looked the dancer up and down with a sultry smile. "And so whilst I may not be willing to give up Aramil's company tonight, I am very willing to share it with you."

Cassandra's green eyes went wide with surprise. "What are you suggesting, my lady?"

The dark-skinned beauty stepped close to Cassandra, her voice dropping to a murmur. "I simply believe that such an extravagant evening deserves an equally luxurious end. Aramil and I are heading upstairs to continue these celebrations privately. Why don't you join us?"

Cassandra bit her lower lip and grinned naughtily at Yulana. Aramil's magic cock twitched at the salacious sparkle in her green eyes.

"I think I would be a fool to turn down such an enticing offer."

"Excellent," Yulana purred. "Then follow me."

The noblewoman grabbed both of their hands and led them out of the main hall. It did not take long before they were alone in her bedchambers. After she shut the door there was a brief moment of silent anticipation as everyone looked forward to what was about to happen.

Then Yulana stepped forwards and kissed Aramil. He could feel her big tits pressed up against his chest and he wrapped his arms around her to hold her tight to him. His hands moved to undo her blue dress when he suddenly realised that Cassandra was already doing it. 

Yulana smirked and stepped back, kicking off her shoes and wiggling out of the now-loosened gown, leaving her naked. She undid her hair, letting the black curls tumble down over her shoulders, before grabbing Cassandra and kissing her passionately. The dancer returned the kiss just as lustfully.

The noblewoman started to peel off Cassandra's clothes as they kissed and soon the dancer was naked too. Aramil revelled in the sight of the two beautiful women nakedly making out and exploring each other's bodies with their hands.

Suddenly the kiss between the two women broke and they turned their heads in unison to gaze at him with hunger. Immediately Yulana was kissing him again and he felt her fingers on his shirt whilst Cassandra reached down to undo his pants. 

Between them they undressed him very quickly and before he could even get his bearings he had been shoved onto the huge bed in the middle of the room. The two women climbed on after him and as Yulana reinitiated their kiss, Cassandra hunched over his waist and sucked his cock into her mouth.

He groaned at the feeling and stared down into Cassandra's green eyes with lust. The raven-haired beauty smiled back with a mouthful of his cock and then started to bob her head. It felt amazing and she really knew how to use her lips and tongue to achieve maximum pleasure.

Yulana pushed herself up onto her haunches and watched Cassandra working on Aramil's dick and he could tell that she was enjoying the sight too. Then she turned to him with a wicked grin and threw a leg over his chest. When she lifted her hips Aramil knew what it was she wanted and he wrapped his arms around her waist to tug her cunt down onto his face.

She moaned loudly as he pressed his tongue against her folds. Immediately he set about teasing her sensitive pussy, letting himself taste every inch. He let go of her waist with one hand to instead reach up and grasp one of her dangling tits, enjoying its weight in his hand. Her brown eyes stared down at him with hunger and that only drove his efforts on further.

Meanwhile Cassandra had not let up with her efforts on his member. He groaned in pleasure as the busty dancer's tongue swirled around his cock. The blowjob was luxurious and amazing but also deliberately slow enough that Aramil was not at risk of coming - instead he could just enjoy the feeling without worrying about finishing too soon.

On the other hand Yulana was getting closer and closer to her orgasm. She was rubbing her hips against Aramil's face and a few moments later the dark-skinned noblewoman threw her head back with a rapturous scream. Her juices leaked around his face and her body shivered as a powerful orgasm ripped through it.

When she was done she climbed off his face and kissed him before reaching down and pulling Cassandra away from Aramil's member. The dancer continued pumping her fist on his cock even as Yulana kissed her. At last her grip was broken as Yulana rolled her onto her back, before starting to trace her tongue down the dancer's body. Cassandra's eyes went wide as the noblewoman's tongue reached her pussy and pressed against her sensitive folds.

Aramil simply enjoyed the sight for a moment as Yulana eagerly devoured Cassandra's cunt. Yet he knew he wanted more and the way Yulana was hunched over on all fours in order to eat Cassandra's pussy called out to him.

With that in mind he shifted, quickly coming to kneel behind Yulana. Her body looked amazing and he reached out to stroke his hands down her back and then squeeze her ass. She wiggled her hips at him without lifting her head from their companion's pussy and he knew she was giving him permission to go further.

He grasped his member and aimed it with her waiting cunt. He enjoyed the loud sob of rapture that escaped her lungs as he pushed inwards and when he was fully inside her tight pussy he started to gently thrust. He didn't go too fast however because he didn't want to distract Yulana from her work.

It seemed she was good at eating pussy, at least from the way Cassandra was rubbing her hips back against Yulana's face. The dancer was flushed and panting and it did not surprise Aramil when moments later her back arched and she screamed out in ecstasy. Clearly she was coming hard and he enjoyed the sight of her orgasm even as he continued slowly fucking Yulana.

After her climax had passed Cassandra slumped back onto the bedsheets. Aramil immediately started to pick up the pace. Now it was Yulana's turn to come.

The dark-skinned beauty moaned and pushed her hips back against him as he did so. She turned her face to him, her brown eyes wide, and soon he was hammering his cock into her hungry snatch. Her big tits swayed beneath her as he fucked her from behind but Aramil did not want to disrupt his rhythm by reaching forward to grasp them. Luckily, Cassandra seemed to read his mind and she sat upright to take hold of the dangling globes instead, giving them the attention they deserved.

Yulana was definitely living up to her reputation as a screamer, too. Her shrieks of pleasure filled the room but unlike in the baths Aramil did not feel the need to try to keep her quiet. Soon her screams were even louder and he could feel her body tensing. He knew she was going to come all over his magic cock.

"Yes, Aramil! I'm... I'm coming!" she howled and he felt her pussy clamp down on his member as her orgasm hit her. Her brown eyes rolled back and she whimpered in pure rapture as her body twitched. It was an incredibly powerful orgasm but he did not expect anything less.

Eventually the climax faded and Yulana slumped forwards. Cassandra kissed her gently, letting the noblewoman recover from her orgasm, and they simply made out for a while. Aramil watched on in delight until eventually Yulana broke the kiss to stare at Aramil with a wicked grin. She rolled off Cassandra then reached between the dancer's legs to spread her pussy apart.

"Aramil, I think it's time Cassandra had that magnificent cock of yours inside her, don't you?"

Aramil chuckled. "I think you're right."

Then he moved forwards, positioning himself above Cassandra, who just stared up at him with lust and wonder in her eyes. Soon he had speared her cunt with his member and she moaned loudly, biting her lower lip as she tried to meet his thrusts with her own movements.

"That's so hot," Yulana breathed as Aramil fucked Cassandra, holding himself above the raven-haired beauty.

The dancer wrapped her legs around his waist and tugged him in for a kiss. He didn't stop her and instead returned the kiss, enjoying the way it crushed their bodies together. Her big tits were squashed against his chest and he thrust harder and harder as her moans got louder and louder.

When he broke the kiss he noticed that Yulana was eagerly watching them. The dark-skinned beauty met his gaze with a naughty smile and he realised that she was playing with herself.

Meanwhile Aramil could feel Cassandra's pussy tensing. She wasn't far away but neither was he. All this fucking had made his balls ache and they were desperate to unleash their spunk into Cassandra's very willing cunt. He voiced a warning.

"Yes, come inside me!" Cassandra sobbed. "Fill my pussy!"

He did as she asked. With a bellow of pleasure he thrust forward, his seed exploding from his magic cock, hosing down her tunnel. At the same time her own orgasm hit and she suddenly jerked, her limbs spasming as the titanic climax overwhelmed her. They were both coming extremely hard.

It took a long time for their twin releases to pass, but when they finally did he withdrew from the dancer with a low groan. Next to them, Yulana shivered faintly and Aramil realised she had masturbated herself to another orgasm. She grinned and snuggled up next to Cassandra.

Aramil took a moment to enjoy the sight of the two beautiful women pressed up against one another. It seemed a fitting conclusion to his first adventure in human lands. He'd only just left the forest and he'd already had more fun than he could possibly have imagined. Things were looking good for the future.

They were looking very good indeed.

THE END