 The sun is hanging low in the western sky as I return home from the battlefield. It is exhausting using my powers as a mage to support our fighters as we push back encampments of orcs and various species of undead encroaching on the gates of our great city of Eastport. Of late they have been blocking the supply routes from the docks outside the gates to our outposts on the plains. Being an adventurer joining in the battle for the glory of our great emperor, and for the loot pillaged from our enemies, I am free to return to the city at days end. I am often envied by the foot soldiers conscripted into service, but I receive no stipend and must provide my own shelter and food. 

As I enter our small room in one of the hovels outside of the city itself, I look at my reflection in the mirror. Purple eyes stare back at me, just barely betraying my weariness. I quickly unweave the braid from my long violet hair, wanting to relax by your side this evening. Somehow I don't look the part of the evil mage with my violet hair flowing down my back, just the points of my ears peeking through. My skin, purple as the finest grapes, is flawless. It pays to be friendly with the healers. Ample breasts rise slowly with each breath, underneath the robe I am wearing, the symbol of my rank in the academy. We dark elves are a beautiful people.

As I walk into the room itself, I spy a piece of paper on our plain wooden table, a note from you. It must be important for you to have spent coin on paper and ink.

"Venenya my love, meet me at Serene Lake. I have reserved a fine steed for you at the stable. Yours always, Kumelr."

I change quickly into my charcoal grey riding robe, not as complimentary to my deep purple skin as the patterned white and maroon robes from the mage academy. When I arrive at the stable my mount is ready to go, saddle bags packed. Daylight is fading fast. I take off through the city gates and gallop across the plains. The breeze cools down my sweaty body as I ride, a trail of violet hair following. As familiar as I am with the enemy encampments I am able to avoid them all the way to the lake, though I was prepared to fight a few scouts as required. My staff holstered across my back serves as a weapon as well as a focus for my magic.

The swollen red sun is kissing the horizon as I arrive at the lake to see you standing among the wildlife tossing ground nuts to a baby elephant. Your violet eyes stare straight into my soul as you help me dismount, kissing me deeply as you lower me to the ground. After tethering my mount next to yours to graze and drink from the lake that had truly earned it name, you unload the saddle bags and head towards a rowboat anchored onshore. Once away from the shore and curious animals you open the saddle bags, and we share a feast of emu jerky, spiced carrots, dried summer berries, and fruited cake, carefully wrapped in white linen cloth, accompanied by a skin of fine elven wine. 

The sun had set by the time we finished our meal, the three moons of Arcadia rising almost simultaneously. My eyes are locked on you the entire time you row us around the lake after dinner. Your white hair glows in the haze of twilight, your mustache still in it's perfect points. Watching your muscles ripple under your lighter purple skin, shirt 

long since removed, causes the heat to rise in my body. You are as beautiful to me as the day we met, and I can not help my body's response to the sight of you. I don't want to stop the response.

Darkness had fallen on the plains by the time we tie the boat up on shore. The three moons are climbing higher in the sky, casting their eerie glow. It is the perfect ambiance for our night alone. You start a small fire in the pit you had made while waiting for my arrival. Both bedrolls are spread on the ground, side by side, next to the flames. We sit on the bedrolls so close I can feel the heat of your body through my robe though we aren't quite touching. We begin to tell each other about our day as the sexual tension grows electric. No longer able to contain our desires, and no need to, you turn to face me, take me in your arms, and kiss me. Deep and urgent are your kisses. Kisses returned as fervently by me. Soon tongues are dancing, exploring each other, tasting each other as if it were the first time. The taste of you, the heady scent of you brings my body alive with sensation. Your hands caressing my body, exploring the curves and creases, alights my skin, each light touch tingling with fire. My hands explore you lightly, your skin so sensual under my touch. Clothing is quickly peeled off each other, our naked bodies pressed together. You cup my breasts in your gentle hands, stimulating my nipples with your thumbs as you nuzzle my neck. Waves of pleasure coarse through my body as your tongue flicks across my nipple. My groin is on fire, my cunt hot and wet. You continue suckling my breasts as fingers explore my inner thigh. Your fingers separate my wet lips, two of them slipping into my warm moistness while your thumb rubs circles on my swollen clitoris. I shudder as moans escape my lips. Your hot lips kiss down my firm, flat tummy, tongue doing a quick circle in my belly button. I know where that tongue is headed, and I writhe in anticipation of the erotic pleasure. When your tongue dives into my wet, swollen pussy the shock waves explode within me. I moan and squirm as your tongue dances across my clit, pleasure at it's highest height. The tension builds quickly, the throbbing overtaking me. I scream out into the night air as the explosion of orgasm fills my body, my hands entwined in your hair, holding you there. My body relaxes back onto the bedroll, clit fulfilled, but my body still wanting you, needing you. 

"By the gods baby, I need you inside me."

Without words you oblige my request. You move overtop of me, your cock rock hard and needing me. You bend my legs up over your shoulders then enter me with an urgent thrust, hard and deep; Your cock rocks deep within me, hitting my hot button. Each stroke sends the shock waves through me once again. My passion takes me completely, unable to think, just feel the erotic pleasure of you. Violet eyes stare into mine. I can feel the heat of your desire as I stare back, purple eyes lazy with the delight of a woman being well fucked. You pound so hard in my cunt, ball slapping my ass. Your face betrays the nearness of your orgasm. My cunt is throbbing with the nearness of mine. 

"Oh my god baby. Cum baby. Cum for me."

With moans of sheer pleasure you ram your cock in me. I can feel the pulsation as hot cum shoots in me. The thought, the feeling sends me over the edge as my body willingly gives in to the throbbing delight. You release my legs and fall down into my arms. We lie together, kissing, nuzzling, gazing into each others eyes. Words are unnecessary to share our deep bond of love. Love expressed so recently in the physical realm.

I trace your face with my index finger as we lie next to each other. Our eyes are still locked, expressing our love still. I am overwhelmed by the feeling of you near me. I nuzzle your neck, showering it with kisses. My hand wanders downward. Your cock, half hard, rises at my touch. I am pleased to have such an effect on you. I am turned on once again, as you are. I lick and suck your nipples, gentle caresses with my tongue. My mouth moves slowly downward, licking and kissing your moist purple skin on it's way. I feel you shiver as my lips near your cock. Teasing at first, I lick the crease of your inner thigh then the sensitive skin behind your balls. While licking and sucking your balls they retract a bit. Your quiet moaning is an inspiration. I lick up your shaft, then the tip of my tongue dives in to lick out your precum. Suddenly, making you gasp, I take you into my mouth. Several strokes of your cock and I'm down the length of your shaft, tongue curled under your cock, applying gently pressure. I can still taste the muskiness of my own juices. I ram your cock down my throat with quick, hungry strokes. Suddenly I feel your hand on top of my head, holding me in place as you thrust up and start fucking my throat. The moans escaping your lips brings me wicked satisfaction. I am determined to make you cum again. You will cum. I demand it. I begin rocking my body in rhythm to yours, my whole body in the act of pleasing you. Your cock swells, and I know you are near. You ram your cock deep in my throat for your explosion then begin to pull back, rewarding me with streams of your hot liquid pulsing into my mouth. I savor the salty taste of you before swallowing it. 

Both our bodies well spent, we curl up together. You spoon against my back and hold me protectively in your arms. You whisper in my ear how much you love me. I smile and turn my head, straining to look at you. 

"I love you baby with all my heart and always will."

You smile in return and we cuddle up in the cool night air and drift off to sleep. What a wonderful evening you had planned for me. You never cease to amaze me my lover. My love.

We awoke, still spooned together, with your hard cock pressing against my ass. We quickly dress and eat the provisions you had packed for our trip. I run my fingers through my long violet hair, straightening it out after a steamy night of sex. Once you have your armor on and the saddle bags packed we mount our horses and are off to continue our journey.

You will not tell me where we were going. I only know you are on assignment for the militia. I know that you have been working on a promotion to Captain of the city guard to remain closer to me, and I thought this assignment would probably help you gain favor with the guard. I figure it's not dangerous or you would have left me in the safety of our home. 

The pink haze of dawn has become the brilliant yellow of midday. I can see the forest ahead on the horizon. We are heading into the most dangerous part of our journey. We will pass through some small rocky canyons before entering the forest. It is a notorious spot for brigands. 

We approach with caution as we enter the narrow gully. There are five brigands we could see, possibly more hidden. They are probably hoping to overpower us with numbers. They do not know that you are one of the best deathknights in the militia. I reach for my staff, prepared to cast damaging spells or fight as needed. You move slowly forward as I gather arcane energy around me. Once in their line of sight you strike at the closest one with smooth powerful swings of your sword, deflecting knives and daggers deftly with your shield. I blast the group with magical damage, weakening them before one by one they are falling dead at your feet. 

"Ayre, get the mage!" shouts one of the young men as he is falling to the ground under your sword. 

The young half elf comes charging at me, dual daggers in her hands. I am able to cast a spell to stun her momentarily while I dismount and restrain the young thing. 

The rest of the brigands lie dead at your feet, a death far easier than they deserved. As you bind Ayre's hands I take a look at our rebellious half elf. She is cursed with light skin. Her hair is dyed red and black and spiked. She has silver studs piercing her left eyebrow and cheek with a silver ring on her lower left lip. Her simple tan tunic is torn in spots, the short brown leather skirt well worn. She is wearing black lace stockings with a tear down the right outer leg. They look out of place with the faded, cracked work boots. 

Ayre's eyes and attitude scream of a rage born of the rejection of her two native races, the humans and the elves. She belongs nowhere but with this sorry bunch that barely survived by slaughtering travelers and supply trains. 

"The militia will deal with you when we arrive at the outpost," you tell Ayre sternly as you hoist her into my saddle and tie her in.

I mount behind her and hold her body securely within mine. As we enter the forest my body is aroused with desire, desire stirred by her warm soft body pressing against mine. She bounces slightly to the gait of the horse, rubbing my breasts against her back, her ass pressed between my legs. The darkness and gloom of the dense forest adds an air of eroticism to my already stimulated body and thoughts. I can't help but wonder what is on your mind. Are you all business or do you yearn for the perfection that was Ayre's young body?

We make our way to the Raphyian River and head upstream along the path near the river bank, ever vigilant of the unfriendly creatures of the forest. It is late afternoon in the dense forest when we make it to the waterfall and set up camp for the night. We could have taken a more direct route to the ascent up the cliff to the militia outpost, but you had planned another romantic night for us. 

We undress and swim in the splash pool below the falls, laughing and splashing and chasing each other around. The entire time Ayre remains bound on a blanket near the shore. You catch me and dunk me completely under the water. When I resurface, you push wet, matted hair out of my face and kiss me deeply, passionately. I wrap my arms around your shoulders, my legs around your hips. I pull myself up, then lower myself onto your cock. In the buoyancy of the water we make love. 

Ayre spat at us as we emerge from the water, "darkies in love, you suck."

We try to ignore her, nothing but rebellion and disdain from her mouth. I will be glad when she is turned over to the militia tomorrow. Maybe then this constant arousal will subside.

"I can fuck a lot better than that."

Her words are a challenge. Ignoring Ayre, we cook fresh fish over the fire and eat summer berries picked from bushes near the path. You unbind Ayre's hands to eat, leaving her legs still securely tied. We sit out of arms reach of her, but close enough to spring into action should she attempt to escape. She continues to challenge us with her words. Later she seems almost sad and vulnerable as she begins to tell her story.

"I never knew my father," Ayre confesses. "My mother was a whore. She didn't even know which john had fathered me. Mother was forced to turn tricks to provide us with a room and meager provisions. I was out on the streets of Thieves Alley, the worst hovel outside the main gates of the great city of, late at night while the men with money visited her bed. One night I returned to find her slain in her own bed, our few coins missing from the jar. I can never get that image out of my mind. It haunts me still. I was barely ten years old.

"I've lived on the streets of Eastport after her death. I made a little coin killing vermin and selling the fur to vendors. Roasting the meat over a little fire kept me fed. I quickly learned to wield a dagger. I successfully defended myself against thugs and those who would profit by selling young girls. It was a meager subsistence. I stayed to myself and didn't hesitate to kill others in self defense. 

"I had barely reached adulthood when I turned my first trick. I was tired of eating rat meat and sleeping in stone alleys. Having a few coins though attracted the attention of the local brigands. One night I had a run in with a local band of thugs out to steal what little I had. I held my own against them, dual wielding daggers. After two of them lay dead in the streets, they invited me to join their ranks. I passed their initiation and became one of them. I did what I did best, with a dagger and in their beds. They accepted me as one of them. For the first time in my life I belonged somewhere. Now you have killed them, and I have no one." 

Her eyes are wet, but she refuses to cry.

"Pitiful though your story may be," you say with the authority of your rank, "you still must face the consequences of your actions. How many an innocent traveler have you slain to possess his worldly goods?"

Ayre hangs her head low and will not look you in the face. "You know that means certain slow painful death. You would do that to one who has barely begun life? I am only 19. At least we were more merciful to our victims. Tell me, how many have you slain in the name of survival?"

"Those whom I have slain I have done so in the name of the Emperor as his agent," you retort.

"You merely hide behind those words deathknight," she challenges. "I am willing to make a deal with you. I'll give you and the wifey a night you won't soon forget. Return me to Eastport, and I'll give up the life of a brigand. I'm sure I could fare better in one of the legitimate whorehouses approved by your Emperor. I'm good at what I do."

Excitement courses through my veins at her offer. I have never been with another woman, but this one's body and spirit arouse me. Your violet eyes beseech me, questioning me for a response. I respond with a wicked smile. You pick up her small, slender body and carry it to the bedrolls we've prepared for the night. As you unbind her you voice your warning.

"Try and escape and I will hunt you down. I am the best in my field. You won't get far."

We lie down on the bedrolls with Ayre, one on each side. As if sensing my overwhelming desire, she turns to me and begins to kiss me. The kiss deepens until our tongues are exploring each others mouths. I breathe in deeply as she cups my breasts. Her mouth works it's way down to my nipples where she flicks them with her tongue then sucks gently on them. Waves of pleasure course through my body. I am on fire, my body desperate with need. She starts kissing down my tummy. I tense at the thought of her tongue in my pussy. I want it. I need it. I look down at you. You are on all fours behind her, licking her pussy and her ass. The moans escape past my moist purple lips as she licks my inner thighs then separates my hot wet lips with her fingers, my legs already spread wide in anticipation. Two fingers enter my vagina and are bathed in sweet juice. She removes one once wet and I feel it slip into my asshole. Her two fingers thrust in and out. My clit is ripe and swollen. The tip of her tongue touches it as the flicking begins. I arch into her, the pleasure so wonderful, so erotic. I reach climax quickly under the expertise of a woman's tongue, bathing her face with hot pussy juices. I lie writhing with pleasure on the bedroll, my whole body throbbing. She turns her attention to you.

Ayre kisses you with a passion as fervent as she kissed me. I lie there in my ecstasy and watch. Another woman is ravaging my husband, and I am so turned on. I should be jealous. I should be trying to stop you, but I am too excited. She kisses your neck. Your cock grows as hard as I've ever seen it. She licks and sucks your nipples with expertise as her fingers gently wander across your belly then slowly downward. She stokes your fire with the skill of an expert, so well versed is she in sexual pleasure. Her mouth wanders down as your shivers and quiet moans betray your desire for what she is about to offer. She licks up the shaft of your hard purple cock and licks the precum out of your tip, but doesn't go down on you yet. She licks the creases of your thighs, your balls, and the sensitive skin behind it. Your legs spread a bit at the touch of her hands on your thighs. She makes her move inward and licks circles around your sweet pucker. Quickly she leans up, her arms resting beside your hips, and quickly goes down on your cock. I watch in amazement as she swallows all of you in two quick strokes. She strokes up and down your entire shaft in a smooth rhythm. Your body squirms underneath her as she moves her whole body to a beat that heats your entire groin with pleasure previously unknown. You start to quake, moans more loud and satisfying as you start to cum. She pulls back so that your head is on her tongue as streams of hot cum explode into her mouth. She crawls up to me, pulling me up to a sitting position and kisses me open mouthed. She slides your cum onto my tongue. I let your taste linger there for a few moments before passing it back to her. We share your hot liquid until all is reluctantly swallowed. 
