 It was late afternoon deep in the Adirondacks. I was just finishing up at an ancient burial site that I had been studying in my capacity as Assistant Archeology Professor at NYU. I'd been camping out in the woods with a few students for the weekend, planning to head back to the city in the morning. But at the last minute the others decided to go home early, leaving me the task of recording the rest of the data collected at the dig. Oh well, I could use a little quiet time with my laptop. I didn't have anyone to go home to anyway. I was excited about the new find. My hope was that it would turn out to be one of the most ancient sites ever discovered in this area.

The light was fading fast, so I picked up all my tools, stuffing them in my backpack, and headed back to the campsite.

As I walked, lost in thought, I heard something moving behind me down the path. I stopped and turned calling out "Is anyone there?" No one answered. Probably a squirrel. I didn't like hiking alone way out here and was a bit pissed off that the students didn't stay the last night with me. Note to self, deduct half a grade from their field assignment report. Maybe they'll learn something about dedication not to mention loyalty to such a wonderful teacher, me of course.

Suddenly, a strange mist descended out of nowhere. It was very bizarre, especially for this time of year. It made it even more difficult to see the trail markers I'd left leading back to the campsite. To my dismay, I soon realized I was lost. I hadn't seen a marker in 20 minutes. After wandering around for over an hour, and with the sun going down, I was frustrated and a bit apprehensive.

That's when I heard the sound of a twig break off to my right and what sounded like a low growl. I foolishly started to run, not knowing where I was going, not caring much either as long as it was away from that growl. It was getting darker by the minute which explains why I didn't see the tree root which caught my foot. I fell and when I tried to get up pain shot through my ankle so I sat back down on the ground. There was another sound off to the right, louder this time. The sensation of someone or something watching me just back from the trail was making my skin crawl. I had visions of a mountain lion eating me for dinner! 

I heard another growl and the sound of movement was very close. All I had on me was my Swiss army knife which I pulled out of my pocket, hoping I could defend myself. Then I remembered the tools in my back pack and slipped it off, my shaking hands fumbling with the zipper. But before I could get it open I froze. 

Standing in the path was the biggest wolf I'd ever seen, all fangs and fur. It took a step closer and as the moonlight pierced the mist I got a glimpse of its amazing blue eyes. It sniffed the air, tasting my scent through its half-open mouth. Another step closer, then another. It was just a meter away now and I couldn't move a muscle, paralyzed with fear as our eyes locked. For a moment, I imagined that I saw intelligence there as it's impossibly blue eyes held mine. My heart was racing and I started to feel dizzy. Wolves usually traveled in packs, tearing their victims to shreds and devouring them, leaving the bones for the weaker ones to gnaw on. I didn't want to die, especially not that way. Funny, how you don't know you're a coward until it's too late. 

I must have fainted because the next thing I knew I woke up in a cave. I was alive! As my mind cleared, I saw that I was laying on the ground on some soft furs and there was a fire pit piled high with logs crackling nearby. It was night and only the firelight danced off the walls of the small cave. That's when I realized I was not alone...

"Don't be afraid, I won't hurt you" he said, his voice deep and resonant. A man, covered in a bit of cloth, you know like Tarzan wore, crouched near the fire, stoking it. 

"Who are you?"

"Does it matter? You are safe here from the beast." 

The memory of the wolf came back in full to me then. "Oh my God, that wolf was about to attack me. You chased it away?" 

"You might say he "changed" his mind when he looked into your eyes." The stranger said with a little smirk, then he came over and knelt on the furs by my feet. My pulse quickened. The effect he had on me can only be described as some primeval basic instinct. He exuded animal virility. There was something very sensual about the way he looked, the way he talked, the way he moved that seemed to excite me deep inside. As a scientist, my reaction surprised the logical part of my brain, but I forgot all about reasoning when he touched me.

He laid his hands on my sore ankle and I flinched. He smiled slightly. His touch sent tingles all the way up my leg to where it joined my hip, warming me much than the fire. He knew it too, I could see it in his eyes. He told me to relax and lay back while he tended to it. Then he smeared some cool mud-like substance on it, rubbing the soothing material in for several minutes. He laughed slightly when a sigh escaped my lips. He took his time, massaging every muscle and tendon, up into my calf and down into my foot, then wrapped a cloth around it. 

"Better?" 

I murmured "umhmm. Thank you."

"I've made tea, would you like some?" he offered. 

I nodded yes and raised up on one elbow to accept the fragrant steaming mug. I sipped its odd richness as he held it for me in his beautiful hands with their short clawlike nails and tapered fingers with too much hair on the knuckles. He was the strangest looking man I'd ever seen and I couldn't help staring, enthralled. It made me regret that I wasn't an anthropology major, as I tried to remember if homo erectus was the hairy one. That's when I looked into his eyes, his amazing blue eyes. I had seen them before, but I couldn't quite remember where. His gaze held mine until he broke it.

My whole body was becoming flushed as the warm tea flowed down into my stomach. I felt extremely relaxed. I vaguely wondered what was happening to me. "What's your name?" I murmured, finding it hard to concentrate. 

He moved closer. "Harry" he whispered into my ear. For some reason that made me giggle, thinking of his knuckles. 

"Where did you come from in the nick of time to rescue me?"

"I've always been here" was his enigmatic answer.

I didn't feel fully in control of myself, but I could feel one thing clearly, my body yearned for him. Traitorous body, I thought, but I knew that wasn't true because why I wanted him was as old as the earth itself. In archeologic terms, he was unearthing my hidden passion, uncovering my wildest desires, and I was digging it.

I felt his hand caress my cheek. "Beautiful." He murmured as he leaned close and his tongue touched my ear, almost like he was tasting me. He gently pushed me back into the furs, and laid down. Time seemed to slow. I closed my eyes. His long warm tongue marked a trail from my ear down my neck to the top of my breast. When had I gotten naked? Why didn't that fact bother me? He started licking and sucking on my nipples like a baby hungry for its mother's milk. If I had any milk to give, he would have surely brought it forth. I moaned in pleasure as I ran my hands through his silky shoulder length hair.

I should have been afraid, but all I wanted was for him to keep touching me this way, it was so exciting. Some strange pheromones were at work that I couldn't resist, didn't want to resist. 

He paused to see if I wanted him go further. I let out a soft cry of disappointment as he stopped licking me. All I knew was that I wanted him to continue, to feel him caressing my skin with his lips and his hands, to feel the way I hadn't felt in such a long time, to feel like a real woman again. He saw the consent in my eyes and resumed sucking my breasts as he massaged them. He made me sigh in pleasure again as he slowly, very slowly trailed his tongue down my stomach, into the little hole of my bellybutton, then down below to where my curled hair started. Each lick of his wet tongue sent sweet goosebumply sensations radiating outward. He playfully nipped me here and there magnifying the sensations.

I felt him go lower still, using his hands to gently open me up, exposing me, licking and probing me lightly with his clever tongue. He explored the wet folds finding what he was looking for and circling and sucking it as I writhed in pleasure. Then without warning he entered me with that tongue and what he did to me next drove me to the edge-the very brink.

He licked around inside me like he was searching for something then grunted. He'd found my special spot and vigorously tongued it as he rubbed my little clit with his finger. By then I started crying out in wicked abandon. He kept it up, until my body started to shudder uncontrollably as wave after wave of ecstasy washed over me. I arched up trying to draw him deeper into me as my juices flowed into his hungry mouth. He licked them all up, as I came down from the orgasm, breathing hard, and my heart pounding. 

He stared down at me for a few moments smiling, running that unnaturally long tongue over his lips and face, cleaning himself as he set back on his calves. "I'm glad I waited to eat you." He said chuckling. "It's been too long since I took a mate." The sweat was glistening off his skin and I could see he was now fully aroused under that loin cloth and it made me excited again. He saw it in my eyes and slowly removed the cloth exposing his manhood, erect and beautiful. It was my turn to smile.

Then with one quick fluid move he turned me over and raised up my hips, sliding his beautiful penis into me slowly, deliberately, deeply, with a satisfied grunt. He leaned over and ran his tongue between my shoulder blades as he increased the rhythm faster and faster. As he fucked me, I could feel myself building toward a second orgasm. My face was buried in the fur as I started moaning again, digging my fingers into it as he thrust harder and harder satisfying his animal lust full force from behind, wolfie style. I climaxed again as I felt him pulsate jet after jet of warm fluid into me. The ecstasy threatened to overwhelm me as he let out a howl and pulled my hips against him, plunging his cock deep inside me one last time, as I tumbled half conscious into sweet oblivion. 

Afterwards, he laid down next to me, possessively draping his limbs over me. I lay there for a while contemplating his warm breath on the back of my neck, his body against mine, and his musky smell on my skin. This is how it is supposed to be I thought as I closed my eyes. I felt safe, safe from the beast in the woods that wanted to devour me. 

When I awoke, the sun was rising and the strange mist was gone. I wasn't naked anymore. Harry must have dressed me. I looked for him, but he was gone. I called his name, but there was no answer. 

As I looked around, all I could see were large paw prints in the soft earth about the fur bed. I followed the paw prints to the mouth of the cave and then lost them as they trailed off into the woods. There were no human footprints anywhere except my own size 7's. There should have been two sets of footprints, Harry's and mine. A strange thought came to me but I pushed it aside as impossible. I hadn't dreamed it, I could still smell him all over me and I missed him. Can't miss a dream, right?

I found my way back to my campsite easily this time and hurriedly packed my things and took off for the city. 

I kept telling myself it couldn't have been just a dream, I felt too good. All my pent up sexual energy had finally been released. No man had ever made me feel the way Harry had. But what I was thinking was impossible. Wolves can't change into men and back again! 

Still, it was a burial ground and the thought occurred to me that I might have encountered an animal spirit, half human/half wolf. There were stories told around campfires of such things. My grandmother used to speak of shapeshifters, but my grandmother also believed in Santa Claus. I decided not to mention any of it in my official report, who would believe me anyway? 

The euphoria of that night lingered with me for many days and when my students mentioned a change in me I just smiled. The memory invaded my dreams so vividly I was able to draw a pencil sketch of him with just the right shade of blue for his eyes. I placed the cloth he wrapped around my ankle and the sketch in a small wooden box with a wolf carved into the lid. Someday I would give it to our son and tell him the story of his father.

The End