 "Please don't go yet." I begged him, not wanting the dream to end, the same dream I'd had every full moon for the last twelve years. He held me tighter, stroking my hair. We'd just made love in my queen bed with the silk sheets in my little townhouse. A far cry from the cave where he'd first taken me, on the furs with the fire pit crackling sparks and tossing shadows against the stone walls. After a few moments of cuddling, he caressed my cheek with his hairy knuckled fingers, raising my chin so he could stare deep into my green eyes with his sky blue ones. "You are my mate, we are connected and bonded for all eternity." Then he kissed me deeply and uttered a soft throaty growl. He sniff-tasted me in various spots driving me wild. When I couldn't stand it anymore I wrapped my naked legs around him possessively bringing his hips to mine as he slipped his glorious cock into me again, making us one. After a few moments, he pulled me over on top of him. With his inhumanly strong arms he lifted me up and down, repeatedly sinking himself deeply into me then almost out until another wonderful orgasm wracked my body leaving me whimpering in pleasure. He loved to feel me cum first, howl/growling in delight, then fucking me a bit more until he came too. 

"Come find me during the next full moon on the summer solstice." He whispered in my ear before he licked it delicately with his long wet tongue sending those marvelous goosebumply sensations down my neck. 

I awoke against my will and he disappeared into the ether, just like he always did. The moment the moon dipped below the horizon he was gone. I reached out my arm across the bed and felt the emptiness, closing my eyes in denial. I could still smell him in my nostrils, still feel his touch, his warm lips, and his clever tongue. My body was flushed and tingled from the ecstasy we just shared. He was as real to me as any man had ever been, my Harry, my man-wolf spirit lover.

But this time the dream had been different. What was it he said right before I awoke? My conscious mind was beginning to overpower my subconscious as the dream faded. I struggled to remember, to catch it before it was lost. At last I pulled it back like a fisherman reeling in a prize salmon. He'd told me to come to him! 

But how was I supposed to find him? I'd been back to the site a dozen times by myself and with my students, hoping to see him once more, only to be disappointed. There was no trace of him, I couldn't even find the cave. So eventually I stopped going and hadn't been there in a year. 

The paper I'd written about the ancient discovery made me semi-famous since it turned out to be the oldest site ever discovered in the Adirondacks, predating the Iroquois. The bone fragments and clay pot shards had been carbon dated to more than 4,000 years ago. I named it Wolf's Rest since bones of wolves had been buried alongside the human remains, indicating some religious or cult relationship. I alone guessed the real reason. These ancient people WERE somehow part wolf, spiritually or physically or both, I wasn't exactly sure. But I knew if I put that in my paper I would have been laughed out of the Department of Archeology and asked to take a psych eval. I'll admit there were times over the years I considered taking one without anyone ordering me to. Every time I started questioning my sanity, my logical scientific brain returned to the one fact that proved I wasn't nuts. Our son.

When I realized I was pregnant a month after that incredible night of passion 13 years ago my first reaction was one of denial. I tried to ignore the nausea and missed periods for another month hoping it was some hormonal aberration. But the pregnancy test proved otherwise. I wasn't sure what to do. I was a busy professor with no husband and the thought of raising a child by myself scared me. Then I considered my ticking biological clock and figured at 36, with no prospects of finding a suitable husband, human or otherwise, in the foreseeable future, I should be thankful. I accepted the "gift" and from that moment on I was a changed woman. My students and assistants commented on my improved disposition and I found myself giving out more "A's" than ever before. They were even kind enough to throw me a baby shower and never "hounded" me for the name of the absent father.

I should add that my doctor ordered an amniocentesis because of my age to rule-out genetic abnormalities. The results were baffling and the cause of much debate. The lab told me there was an irregularity in one chromosome of unknown significance which no one at the lab had seen before. They said it could possibly result in a birth defect. I resisted the urge to explain that it must be the shape shifting gene and told them instead it was a rare gene I inherited from my Lithuanian grandmother who conceived my mother at the time of the Chernoble reactor meltdown. They looked at me suspiciously but let it go much to my relief. I saw the irony in blaming my grandmother since it was all her fault anyway. Her stories of ancient people inspired me to be an archeologist in the first place. 

Anyway, my gynecologist gave me the option of abortion which I quickly turned down, didn't believe in taking a life just because of a possible birth defect, especially this particular one. I really wanted Harry's child. I wanted to hold a real piece of him in my arms. I was sure he was the father as he was the only lover I'd had in the year before Cody was born and the only one since. 

I named him Cody Blue Wilder and he was perfect from his full head of black hair to his clear blue almond shaped eyes. Not a defect in sight, well not any you could see without an electron microscope. He didn't look like me at all, he looked more Native American but with Caucasian skin coloring. Cody seemed just like any other boy, although he tended to be a loner, preferring to play his guitar and write poetry in his lair as he liked to call it. He got good grades and never got into trouble. Not surprising was the fact he loved wolves. I encouraged him in this, providing ample educational materials and decorated his room with artwork. 

Without being too obvious, I kept a close eye on my son, worried with every full moon that he might grow copious amounts of hair, long canine teeth, and develop a taste for raw meat. As time passed and nothing happened, I chided myself for being superstitious. Still, just to be safe, I ordered a wolf clan protection charm from the Iroquois Confederacy website that I made him wear. He matured faster than his peers and after his 12th birthday he seemed perilously close to puberty. I felt if his father's traits were going to manifest themselves it would probably be soon. 

So, I saw his father's asking me to come to him now as a fortuitous omen. I would take Cody with me and seek his advice, if I could find my elusive man-wolf that is. Hopefully, he would be waiting for us. I never had the chance to tell him he had a son and I hoped he would be okay with it and supportive. We packed the camping gear in the jeep and took off, happy to leave the congestion and heat of the city behind us. 

Cody seemed quieter than usual and when I asked him if anything was bothering him he said he'd had a dream. My heart skipped a beat as I asked him if he'd like to share it with me. He hesitated. After a few minutes he said I'd probably think he was crazy. I assured him I would never think that. I joked about having some pretty bizarre ones myself. He grinned and finally told me that he dreamt he was a black wolf, running through the forest, wild and free, his heart pounding, adrenaline rushing. He said he wasn't alone. There was another animal with him, a huge grey wolf. The grey wolf spoke to him and told him he was his father. Cody said it felt so real, unlike any dream he ever had before. He even woke up panting and totally exhilarated. I asked him when this occurred and he said just last night. 

The timing couldn't be a coincidence. Harry had visited us both. Thoughts raced through my mind. Questions needed answers. All these years of vivid erotic dreams, were they more than mere subconscious yearnings for a lost love? Could Harry possess the ability to project his consciousness and travel like the mystics say is possible? I really should have paid more attention to my grandmother's stories. The fact remained that Harry had touched our subconscious minds while we slept and for the first time I felt confident I was doing the right thing taking Cody to meet his father.

After we set up camp a few hours later, I took out the velvet pouch that protected the carved wolf box. It was time Cody knew the truth. I asked him to sit next to me and I showed him the drawing and told him the story of his conception. Over the years we had discussed Native American folklore and I told him the many the colorful stories his ½ Iroquois great-grandmother had told me. He loved the stories so much he wrote songs and poems about them. So, I wasn't prepared for his reaction to my revelation. He got upset and accused me of lying and smoking one too many of my "peace pipes"(just occasional marijuana in a water pipe for migraines, nothing to get excited about). Then he stomped off into the woods and I let him go. I knew he'd come back after the shock wore off. I should have told him long ago instead of making up some story about a one night stand with a Peruvian archeologist on an expedition to Machu Pichu. 

I sipped my Mountain Dew and chewed my bottom lip as I wondered how I was going to find Harry, now that we were here. I figured the dig site was the best place to start. Cody had gone down the trail in that direction so I stuffed my compass, flashlight, canteen, and some snacks into my trusty backpack and set out to first find my son and then find my wolfie. This time I planned to get a few pictures with my cell phone which was tucked safely away in my vest pocket. I also brought a small air horn this time for protection against the occasional two or four legged trouble makers frequenting the area lately. The ear shattering blare would send any animal running and could be heard by humans from a half mile off if we needed rescuing. 

Cody had been to the dig with me several times and even helped mark off the grids, sift earth, bag and catalog our finds. So, I wasn't surprised to see him down in the large rectangular pit working the site. Over the years, the dig had spread out a bit when we found more evidence of human habitation about 15 meters from the original site. I didn't say anything as I sat down on a large chair-shaped boulder that had probably been there for a 1000 years. The thought occurred to me it could have been used for religious ceremonies and such. 

Cody didn't look at me, he just said "you should have told me the truth, mother, you know I always felt different and now I finally understand why."

"I'm sorry, but I didn't know how to tell you, and I was worried if you told the story to your friends and they told it to their parents they'd have taken you away from your delusional mother." 

He thought about that for a moment, then agreed with my logic, jumping up out of the pit to sit next to me on the stone chair. He asked me if he was a werewolf and if he was going to change into some horrible bloodthirsty beast. I could see now why he was mad, it was because he was really afraid. Too many late night horror movies I suspected.

"No sweetie. That's just urban legends. Your father was kind and wise."

"You think he'll show up?"

"I sure hope so. I've got a million questions to ask him." It was about 4:30 in the afternoon and I figured we'd wait around a couple hours and then head back to camp. I told him I wasn't sure if his dad could appear before the moonrise. I pulled out the trail mix and offered him some.

All of a sudden the forest went dead silent. No bird sounds, no insects buzzing, it seemed like the trees themselves were holding their breaths. Instinctive apprehension caused me to feel a bit of a fright/flight adrenaline rush when I heard movement in the brush on the other side of the excavation. "Cody, stay where you are." I pulled out the air gun putting myself between the noises in the bushes and my son. I was amazed how motherhood brought out a brave streak I didn't realize I had. The sounds of twigs breaking and leaves crunching grew louder.

"Harry? Is that you?" I had my answer when two wild boars came clambering into the clearing, large males with 6 inch tusks. "Cody stay up on the rock and don't move. They lifted their snouts, no doubt smelling the trail mix full of nuts and berries, their favorite foods. They grunted and nudged each other as if forming a plan of attack. I stepped back slowly and grabbed the bag. Boars can be very dangerous if they decide to charge. I saw one rip open the calf of a hiker once and destroy a camp looking for food. I took the bag and threw it as far as I could away from us and the ferocious animals trotted off after it. 

"Let's go." I motioned to Cody as we moved the opposite way down the trail to our campsite. 

We gathered lots of wood and made a huge fire as night fell. The fire would keep the boars away, but I kept the horn in my pocket just in case. Thousands of stars came out as the sky turned slowly from blue to black. We had a couple of hours to wait for the moon to rise so we ate dinner and just kicked back. Cody brought out his guitar and we sang. I opened up a third camp chair and put it by the fire, not sure what to expect. Would Harry come to us as a man or a wolf? Would he come at all?

Finally, the moon peeked over the mountains to the east and anticipation rose in me along with it. 

"Mom, I don't feel so good." 

"What's wrong, sweetie?"

"I itch all over and I feel hot."

"Maybe you got into some poison oak." I suggested but a wordless apprehension crept into my mind. I really needed Harry to come soon. "I think you better go in the tent and lay down. I'll get you a couple Tylenols and some cold water."

An hour later Cody was sweating and his skin was so tender he cried out in pain at the lightest touch. I didn't know what to do. It was 50 miles to the nearest town and 100 to the nearest hospital. I suspected what was happening to him couldn't be treated by conventional medicine. I tried to stay calm for him, praying for a miracle.

"The first time is the hardest." 

Startled, I screamed and fell back against the tent, then recovered when I saw Harry, in human form, kneeling just inside the opening, concern evident in his blue eyes. I never heard him coming.

"Thank God you're here! I've been so worried you wouldn't come."

He kneeled beside Cody. "My son, it is good to meet you at last. Will you trust me?"

Cody looked up into his father's eyes and nodded yes. Harry told me to help him get undressed which I did. Next he told Cody to close his eyes and remember last night's dream, remember how good it felt to run through the forest. He told him there was nothing to fear, he would be with him, and that Cody could return to human form by concentrating on the sacred words known only to their clan. He made Cody say the words with him, over and over until he had them memorized. "KEE-teh-wa-KEE-tonka-teh" A calmness replaced his agitation and as I watched in silence Cody shimmered like a mirage then coalesced into a beautiful black wolf. 

Harry smiled at me and took my hand, sniffing it and lightly kissing the inside of my wrist. Unbidden shivers raced up my sensory nerves. "I will be back, my love, but first my son and I shall run the pine trails together up to the lookout. Will you be alright?"

"Yes. I'll be fine. Just bring him back safe." 

"Do not worry." 

Mesmerized, I watched as Harry got down on all fours. He flashed me a small smile and a nod and shimmered magically into his wolf form. He was magnificent, gray with a fringe of black around his neck. Harry was huge, twice the size of Cody who was sitting on his haunches quietly waiting. Cody came to me and rubbed his muzzle against my arm. Even though everything about him had been transformed, I could see his soul reflected in his blue eyes. 

Then they took off. I scrambled out of the tent in time to see them disappear into the forest. It was done. My son was a wolf. My man was a wolf. Never before had I wanted so desperately to be a wolf too. 

I opened a wine cooler, put some more logs on the fire, and settled down in my chair to impatiently watch the progress of the moon across the heavens. I was on my second wine cooler when I heard the hauntingly beautiful wolf howls echoing down the valley. The fire crackled and glowed as I waited for their return.

(to be continued)