 [Another one of my 'other' works, I know people hate my writing by now but here it is, English imperfect and all. The ones that continue to spam my mail box with their perverse excuse of education on what English literature is should know that their hate is being redirected into my writing. Thanks for that. I love to see people however email me with their thoughts and wishes on how my pieces should do and end, I like all ideas I get. As I need some more material to incorporate into these worlds I'm creating.

This is attempt of Cyber/Steam Punk universe and I hope I could continue this or make it a series if people like them. Again if you have any ideas or comment please leave your thoughts and be assured I read them all.

Thank you all.]

*

I started to cry. My tears slowly fell down my cheek and onto the ground while I watched 5 mummies down in the ground slowly burning to cinders.

I was crying.

Loneliness encompassed me from all directions, I knew nothing will bring them back but I still waited for that perfect moment that would tell me; it was not in vain. I offered silent prayers to any deity good or evil, but my inner monologue was left with permanent silence. My siblings, my parents everyone butchered like animals by some random entity. Why or who still left unanswered. Our servants circled the burial mound, few crying, some silently sobbing but all of them shared my own pain. My family was loved deeply by everyone who met them and yet someone decided to butcher these perfect beings that knew nothing but love. Offer nothing but peace. And claim nothing but their own pain.

Why would someone just randomly butcher my wife while she was pregnant? Nobody would or could tell me, police had their own theories but still they never told me what or why.

A silent wind washed over the site, rustling few coats and hairs, revealing the mechanical parts that some of our servants had imbedded in them. Implants that replaced their old organs. Ears, eyes and few had implants randomly placed on their face. The reason was unknown, my father gave employment in these tough times to anyone that would work. Hard work was always appreciated, and yet someone decided to rip his head off his shoulders. I had my own suspicions. Some of these freaks came to our home, when we offered a peace of our hearts and yet they took that offer and replied with violence of their own.

My family was out and celebrating my recent graduation from college along with my high school sweetheart and wife, they planed my party for months in advance, naturally nothing was done in secret, and I attended my own party even though I shied away from any public and social gatherings. Hours into it we were attacked by black figures and that's all I remembered since I was first one that got shot and lost consciousness, my family on the other hand was not that lucky.

I woke up from my 'sleep' in a hospital bed surrounded by police officers, unending questions and sympathetic friends that tried not to be too pushy with their own feelings of necessary establishing their own moral compass by making me feel better. I appreciate that I wasn't used as a proxy for their own selfish self-improvement.

Black silhouette slowly drew my attention. On a tree branch sat a black raven. Watching the fire burn that slowly ate at my loved ones, one gaze in its cold eyes reminded me of what I lost, despair that was lost in mental gymnastics came back so soon reminded me of the pain I wanted to forget. I cursed at the raven silently. Still it's remained on the branch. Offering its own way of escorting the departed to the other leg of their journey.

"Lord. We need to go." After a while of staring someone approached me and in mechanical voice reminded me of my position in this small town.

Town? I should call it a village. 50 or so people were on my land. Living, working and breeding. Next few moments I gazed at the bird as it flapped its wings and started to fly away. It's destination unknown.

Turning toward the voice I was welcomed by my own personal maid, Helena. A 35 year old woman with raven black hair uniquely short, a long strand of hair draped over one side of her face, while the other was shaven completely down to almost a stubble. She looked younger, almost teenage young but by grace of many Gods she somehow froze time in a way that preserved her young features in a most alluring way. She was smaller than me at 5'8'' but still extremely beautiful. The only problem I have with her is her insatiable lust towards me, even while I had my wife her passion was unrestrained.

Black eyes, around her calm, unemotional face hid the true nature of this bitch. And I was her master.

Neon lights shined over the paved road while we headed toward the sign that stood on the side of the road telling everyone where they were. A house that stood tall and proud brick layout from old, slowly eroding pathway gave a sense of pride to anyone that stood in front of it but soon would be left aghast when the full beauty of this structure was posed in front of his or hers face. The 200 year old home was housing 6 people. 10 days ago that suddenly changed to 1. With servants having their own special house behind the large estate, the few people that would see it for the first time would think the home was a hotel for 30 people.

Entering the house, Helena stood outside as I walked into the dark walls that silently whispered. Motioning her in, she had no expression while she entered the home and closed the door. A second after that she started disrobing and dropped to her knees, started to fish around my pants. Amused by the busty maid I let her do what she wanted, my cock already fully erect and ready.

I know doing this now while I was mourning was questionable but I would either lose my mind or just try and off myself, any way this was my third option. Drown my sadness and despair by fucking the brains out of this lusty maid.

Helena took long hard strokes with her hands while licking her lips in delight. On her knees she looked positively enchanting as my cock grew bigger and stronger with each stroke of her hand. Minutes passed as I watched in utter delight, something kept creeping up on me in form of guilt and sadness but I kept brushing it off, pushing it down with every fiber of my being. I did not, no, I could not think about my family, I will always love them with every ounce of my being but I need my sanity. Grief is a funny thing. You need it but with it you are a broken man.

Mouth filled to the brim with my cock, Helena started to moan and soon brought herself to climax while sucking my dick. Glazed eyes watched me in wander as her nostrils puffed large amounts of air from her lungs. Her cyber implants neatly hidden by encroaching darkness but my hands, while stroking her head, found every bump and cold hard implant. Seconds later she ripped every remaining piece of remaining cloth that was on me, sound of tearing made my cock spring up in delight knowing that this woman would have my life in mere seconds if she wanted.

Naked, as the day we were both born, she mounted me and slid my cock in her moist, wet and waiting pussy. We locked eyes as I almost broke the wall on my right side by plunging her back hard onto it, the thud was loud and for a second I thought I broke some bones in this woman, but soon enough her exited shrill sounded through the dark home.

I began to drive my hips into her moist depths. Her eyes rolled slowly back into her skull while she started to grip me tightly with her sex, making me exited that I was bringing joy to someone, and in couple of strokes I came driving her into oncoming climax that took her mind like a freight train.

Helena panted in my mouth while she started to kiss me deeply and passionately. I was frozen. I found the kiss encroaching, a breach of etiquette between consenting adults that had set some unspoken boundaries. Granted, they were my own that I did not voice in any way, but I thought that it was obvious that my fucking here should never be pardoned. Even by Gods.

I grabbed her by the throat and with tears in my eyes I stared deeply into her eyes, still my cock was rock hard imbedded deep into her depths. My mind flew constantly to those 5 mummies that lied down on the mound while fire licked them clean. I pushed my hips further inside, slowly stopped by a fleshy wall, her mouth went into a slight upward arch that I deemed insulting. I pounded her head with my hand my muscles bulging while her legs gripped me tightly.

"I'll never let go." I heard a voice express its intention.

"Your consciousness took a while to kick in my handsome young Master." Helena's voice was bouncing off the walls.

I heard her speak but I did not know what she had said. Guilt slowly started to set in, my wife's remains weren't even cooled down and here I was fucking another woman, and clearly enjoying myself. The few moments that I spent contemplating my actions the woman that I was fucking, slamming and choking suddenly started to ride me to another one of her own climaxes. But this time it was more wild and she almost slammed me down with her strong arms while she bucked, kicked and screamed while kicking me out of my guilt ridden stupor. I let her throat go and grabbed her back with both hands while she drove herself over the edge in seemingly endless streams of climaxes.

Her cries were loud, the dead would wake up if that was a possibility, but this cyber maid wanted more and more from me, eliciting little reluctance on my part as I was willing to go that extra mile and provide endless pleasure to my faithful employee.

"Master, my dear Master." She cooed.

I let her go soon enough and she dropped down with a heavy plop, as I went into the bathroom and turned the shower. I washed the love juice that was on my hard cock, still unsatisfied standing tall and proud, washing it with my hand, slowly stroking it up and down. Thinking about my dead wife and the love making session we had just few weeks ago. I leaned my head on the wall as the sound of water blasted on my skin, I wept slowly, grief washing over me from everything. A heavy feeling. Not being with them, they were dead while I was still living. Scar on my body still sore, not even a week has passed I was almost mortally wounded and lying on my back.

I was still alive while they were on the other side.

A silent prayer, offering everything to Gods, anyone of them would do, as I promised to let them meet the culprits that did this to my loved ones. A dark thought crept inside as I envisioned every moment of their demise.

I did not want anything to do with what's on the TV so I went upstairs to my own room. A large sized bed welcomed me as I went into the sheets and slowly started to drift into sleep. I hugged a pillow with one of my arms inhaling, trying to find a spec of scent that my wife has left me behind, but I knew I was fishing for impossible. Couple of moments passed and I heard someone's feet approaching. As I went down my memory bank to see who could it be, I felt hand grip my erect cock and soon a familiar feel around it as Helena slowly dropped her cunt down my shaft. Covering us with a sheet she leaned against my body and we slept while I was still buried deep inside her moist depths.

As soon as I closed my eyes a bright light emanating from my window woke me up, I saw as a naked form of my maid, Helena, was moving up and down my erect penis. I felt incredible as her voice became louder and louder.

"Master, master." She called out to me while I followed her hips.

A ring on my phone, "Hello."

I answered the phone as my maid lustfully cooed with each bounce, "Yes...Faster....deeper."

"Um...Hello. Gav is that you?" A voice I recognized as my friend and police officer Matt.

"Yes. Speaking." I was short as I was concentrating more on the sensations of the woman that rode me up and down to her and my own delight.

"I...Um... Am I interrupting something?" He obviously heard the noise that she made.

Covering the phone so he could not hear me, "He can hear you, if you could quiet down."

Her pussy clenched hard when she heard my voice. "Not really Matt what's up?"

"You know that we do everything to find whoever killed... are you sure I'm not interrupting you? I keep hearing a woman in ecstasy."

"Well, my friend, you are not wrong."

"Okay.... Regarding the investigation it's still ongoing. The crime scene has been processed and we found evidence of local biker gang. We still aren't sure which one it was since nobody is talking."

 

"My best guess is Roar. Possibly even the Riders, but their MO is pretty different than what we have seen there and Roar never butchers their victims to that point. Stab and grab or breaking few bones. Nothing in the same scale of what we saw with your family."

 

"Yeah I heard the stories. But from what I remember those people did not wear biker insignia."

I thought he would say something so I remembered what has happened when I wanted to see them, "They did not let me see full bodies. I guess it was that bad." The room slowly reverberated with noise that my cute little maid made.

"I'll come later in the day to your station to see what else could be done." I went silent as another climax gripped the woman on my cock.

"I had the ceremony Matt, yesterday." I slowly stopped my hips from moving.

"It's finally done." Again grief came like a train, crashing and crushing everything in its way.

"Stay strong. It's all I can offer at this time. I can't conceive the pain you are feeling right now, nor the confusion but I only know one thing."

 

"What is that?"

"My friend, you still have your friends. Everyone has their own way of grieving." 

 

"Thanks Matt. See you later" I put the phone down and just stared at the black eyes of my cute little maid.

Woman's eyes were glazed. Love? Or lust. I did not know. Do I care? Should I care? That I apparently did not want to probe deeper into my own psyche to find what made me do this like it's nothing and it has not even passed a full 2 months, that this woman was this lost in her own lust not caring that she could be viewed as a gold-digger. I certainly do not mind. But still the face of my minx made my cock flex and stay hard deep inside her steamy cunt.

I pushed her off my throbbing member a little forcefully but it needed to be done, seeing that she was bent on taking her sexual release, if I was willing or not I doubt it mattered to this nympho. I heard her moan and I found my hands grip her tits and knead them like I was trying to make bread. A nice doughy bread made from flesh.

Morbid.

I chuckled inside and proceeded to look her deep into her eyes searching for a reason to stop. Apathy soon was kicking in and it did not matter that my cock was rock hard and ready I just could not bring myself to carry out the deed while I had my wife's face, imagining her mannerisms and I knew deep down that my mind would replace these two women with one another.

Did I want that?

I leaned in and cupped her head while still gazing into her black eyes. I was staring. The kiss I slowly stole from her lips was soft, pleasing and tasteful, but something deep down still would not let me enjoy this woman's embrace. I felt her arms grip my head and back tightly while she gave me her lips. Her unwavering soul was behind that kiss and I was exploiting her for my own selfish gratification. Helena was not dumb she probably knew, but I know how she felt about me, she would do anything I wanted, and anywhere I wanted it, ultimate pleasure model.

I shook my head slightly as silent guilt washed over my body. She misunderstood my meaning and shoved her tongue inside my mouth. I was startled at first, at the sheer power behind that thrust and lastly every time she kissed, tongue was never involved. Her tongue was leading the way for my hands. I was already over her like bitch in heat and started to cares her breasts, slowly first, a touch here and there. But then a full fleshy assault as I used my hands to prod every inch of those fleshy mounds.

I would not dare to compare the size between her and my wife. They had their own merit. I used my hands and pushed them together as I moved upwards I used my hips and drove my cock between them as her lips came down and over the head of my protruding member. I gasped as her nimble tongue licked and her lips sucked around the head every time I would push my cock out of those mounds. Tweaking her nipples, for some reason, every time I did she would gasp and moan eliciting various reactions from me, one of them was my ever encroaching release with her every moan. She made it sound real, or so I thought. And after my release I realized that she was squirting on top of my sheets. I smiled at this minx and took my place beside her as she hugged my shoulder. We soon drifted to another calming sleep where minds are healed.

As I woke up, my trusty maid was still in dreamland. I gently went to the bathroom and showered my spunk off my body. Few minutes under the water made me feel clean again and I went out dried, put some clothes on and out the door into the afternoon rain. Thick black clouds were over the horizon while where I stood gentle breeze washed over the landscape and moved the trees and flowers in a way only Mother Nature can do. Car was ready to go and I raised my eyebrow as I saw my maid standing near it as I was thinking that she was in dreamland while I was under the shower.

I approached the car as she opened back doors and letting me sit inside she slowly followed behind me with a soundless plop. Her neat dress was pristine but her eyes were glued on my head. Sitting on the opposite side it was easy for her to stare at me and she had unobstructed view of my body.

While thinking that my eyes never left hers.

Soon the car stopped, thinking we have arrived and I was lost in time and space while gazing at beauty, I exited the car just to be welcomed by bikers. Real life bikers with markers and everything. I thought I was dreaming, I felt Helena pinch my ass and I knew that this was real. The minx probably wanted to play with these goons. Well calling them goons would not be correct. Goons are people too, these are scum.

"We want the girl. You can go." The only words of the closest man.

Well calling him a man would be a disservice to other men of the world. This was a pimple on the society's face waiting to be cleansed. And you can do 2 things to pimples; leave them alone and let them fill with puss, or squeeze their little heads and grit your teeth through the pain. Sure it's painful but still you get rid of a blackhead and your face remains untarnished. Little red from the pain. But clean.

Bikers are the same thing. You just need to know how to work the angle of their vice. These seem to carry the aura of your usual scum that think everyone is second class citizen but them. So you need to make them fell the error of their ways.

I laughed lightly, hoping, pleading the skies above that these dickless tarts would feel masculine enough to regard this as an insult to their own ego. I was surprised that my postulations and theories were correct as the big zit stood from his bike and moved toward me, thinking I would wince and flee. Oh how quaint.

Charming if nothing else. He thought I was defenseless little rich boy. I reached under my clothes and griped a handle of something I knew was there. Releasing the grip I extended my arms just to show that I was a welcoming host. Well, soon up to no good.

"Get out of the way you fucker." He was adamant that I was, I should get away.
