 She'd been popular in school and managed some college... almost graduated. She'd always been told that she was pretty... and had a great figure. She was funny and enjoyed people. Her personality made friends easily. She was a hard worker... and she'd always been sensual. That does not mean easy or promiscuous.

She'd had boyfriends and enjoyed many of the same things that most men enjoy such as hiking, camping, fishing, boating and sports of all types. She also loved ladies passions for dining, going out, dressing well, and being a lady for a man. She should have been any guy's trophy... and she'd wanted it true.

Then she'd found herself approaching thirty and took stock of herself. She was a little scared. Many of her girlfriends had married early, and a few had been divorced... a few more than once. She'd asked herself why and thought that maybe she was being to demanding of a mate. So, when the chance finally came she said yes and was married.

Sex was good... great... and he was eager. Awhile later she was pregnant and had a little one. Throughout the pregnancy she'd tried to control her figure but when her time got close the weight came on rapidly. She couldn't exercise with a body and a baby... and she wasn't always feeling that well. The baby needed nourishment and she was only slightly over her doctor's prescribed weight gain.

They were happy... ecstatic over the baby. It was a new direction to their lives and the baby was cute. Her breasts had been sore during pregnancy and were now filled with milk. Her breasts had grown two sizes and would return to just a single size increase. The baby loved her milk and her breasts. Her husband would fondle occasionally but really didn't give them much attention. Her nipples had always been sensitive, but now became more so...permanently.

She took care of the baby and returned to work. Her husband was blue collar and worked hard too. He had developed his skills and was good at what he did. She grew in her job too... but her husband didn't seem to notice. Their sex was less frequent and he slept and lounged more. A few years later a second child was born. The circumstances were similar to the first but with even less husbandly attention. He seemed to not want sex... or when he did it was that famous "Wham-bam-thank you ma'am" type. She tried talking with him. She tried initiating the sex. She tried gratifying only him... but sex continued to decline.

Was something wrong with her she wondered? She had put on a bit more weight after the second pregnancy... but guys still enjoyed watching her and talking with her... except hubby. He became more withdrawn from her... and only when he'd become exceedingly horny would he approach her. At those times his favorite come on line was "If you meet me upstairs in awhile we can have sex".

It was a marriage that had slowly lost romance, and then slowly lost love. She was hurting and slowly grew to nearly despise him. Toys became her passion... and release for a long time.

She used computers at work all the time and finally bought one for the home. Free Internet for a period was included in the pricing and she'd connected the phone line by herself. Hubby wasn't interested in computers. Eventually she began following comments made by co-workers about their Net experiences. She experimented with chat sites and blogs. Finally she found a site for erotic stories and authors... and there was a chat room and private mail. Someone mentioned a photo portion of the site where people posted pictures.

She visited and read stories and enjoyed the pictures. Many guys and gals were totally uninhibited when it came to posting photos of themselves and in a few cases there were photos posted by a mate or special other. No limitation on sexual conduct, speech, stories or photos hindered the site. Some stories turned her on. Some photos turned her on. Eventually she responded to a comment... and then two. Soon she was writing, reading and viewing regularly and had made some friends.

Guys and gals talked about their lives... their sexuality... openly. She noticed gals and guys posting pictures and openly soliciting content from others. A few actually met for a private meeting... and sex. A few close relationships... a few special others... a few marriages resulted. 

A few guys propositioned her and a lot wanted to talk. Their language was explicit and they weren't hesitant at all in asking for what they wanted. They also told openly in great detail about sex and sexual encounters. The site even included personal advertisements and open focused sessions where someone could decide what they wanted advice or discussion on. 

It wasn't long before it had become her favorite entertainment... and crutch in life. She realized that masturbation is common and might even be a sanity reflex. She found that other people experienced similar life situations and concerns. Masturbation became her only release and the computer her friend and portal to that other world.

She was begged for photos... and she avoided the begging and solicitation for a very long time, but some of her new male friends were getting release from the other ladies... could she? Eventually she decided to get a digicam and a webcam. She took pictures of herself and experimented with more private pictures.

She'd finally yielded and posted a simple picture... avoiding posting her face. She posted a simple frontal photo excluding her face. It was only moments before answering posts urged to post more and told her how interested they were. She even received private messages and emails from guys she'd never seen or heard of before. All of them were eager and a few guys posted pics of their privates... including masturbation and climax photos. She was thrilled by the attention and posted again.

Guys wanted photos that were even more risque'... and eventually she gave in there too. In for a pound she thought. She posted upper body shots with her bra on. More praise and more hunger... even a few ladies propositioned or praised her. She felt good as she began to realize that she was still attractive to the men. Should she? She wanted to.

Finally she posted a semi-nude showing lots of cleavage... more praise...more requests... more solicitations came. Her breasts were not repelling... they turned guys on... a lot. Another pic... a single breast exposed to the nipple. More attention... more gratitude... more personal arousal. Fully exposed breasts, upper torso... exotic poses... a little photo touchup... guys becoming more rabid.

She saw some of her female friends showing 'pussy pics'... why not she thought... and she did.

Guys wanted dates... rendezvous...cyber, phone and actual sex. They solicited her for anal, oral, and vanilla sex. They wanted her to post pics showing masturbation... hands... and toys. They asked her to travel and they volunteered to travel. A few were passing through town and wanted her to meet them. She felt good about herself

Eventually she showed the site to her husband... but he showed little interest... but curiously he'd started visiting obvious porn sites. Still no improvement in their sex life but he was interested in porn. She began sleeping alone in the free bedroom. 

She increased her involvement and posted on the site regularly. Her skills in self-photography improved and she became expert. She responded and wrote guys at the site. She finally agreed to a schedule to a guy she'd met. That encounter was a flop for a variety of reasons, and for awhile she'd thought of quitting. But she didn't.

She hoped and dreamed.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

He lived alone, was educated, worked hard... and he was lonely. He had his own place and enjoyed people. He wasn't rich but had an adequate income that was improving. He was outgoing, but enjoyed evenings by himself. He went out with a lady now and again but had grown weary of the dating scene and most of the current crop of available ladies. It seemed that they all had an agenda. Some only wanted to go places and be seen and to have gifts lavishly bestowed... sugar daddies were their dream.

Some were looking for marriage and someone to care for them... and that usually included a few kids, too. Some were just withdrawn or uninteresting. Still others had huge accumulated debts and were looking for a way out of them. Some were slobs. Many were married and wanted a fling and some just weren't interested in him.

Life is lonely for a single man. He craved company and companionship. He wasn't a prize he knew, but he wasn't broke and didn't gamble, drink or womanize. He was tall and in reasonable physical condition. He was a sexual animal and would masturbate occasionally, but it wasn't his favorite or only pastime. He was also a voyeur of a type and enjoyed watching an attractive lady.

He had no bisexual leanings and no limitations at all on physical characteristics in a woman. He'd dated skinny and large, tall and petite, pretty and plain, voluptuous and adequate, redheads blondes and brunettes curried no special favor or attention from him. He liked conversation, devotion, concern, posture, health and cleanliness. A profound devotion to passionate sex, a strong interest in him when with him and interested cooperation in whatever they did together was a very strong plus.

He'd proposed and been accepted twice and rejected once before... something would always get in the way when he'd been accepted. He wanted a lady and still hoped to find the right one.

This morning he'd wakened horny.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

She'd left work early and stopped at the market on the way home. She walked by a strange machine that looked like it was designed to provide your weight and a mystic fortune. She ignored it and was half way past it when she seemed to hear a soft male voice asking her to stop and weigh herself. 

She was puzzled but stopped and looked back at the machine. It had changed and there were many flashing lights around it. She walked back and studied them for a moment and then started to leave again when the same male voice spoke up and asked her to weigh herself. She looked around and was certain that she must be on Candid Camera or the butt of someone's joke.

Other people walked by and paid no attention to her or the machine. Curious... she took out a quarter and dropped it into the slot. The machine told her to step up onto the platform within the circle.

As soon as she entered the circle she was seized by a sudden intense desire for pleasure. She could sense the desire all over her body... and her mind could hardly focus on anything else. 

In a moment she could feel a warming and stroke in intimate areas and a desire for them to continue. For a moment... reality won out over desire and she stepped back out of the circle. Instantly the feelings and warmth ceased. Puzzled... she looked at other people walking in and leaving the store. No one even glanced at her.

A lady was approaching and she'd stopped her. The lady asked what was wanted and was asked to step onto the scale momentarily. The woman was puzzled but did step up and then looked back to see what was expected and was asked if she felt anything strange. The woman shook her head and asked what she meant. It was a strange few moments before the woman left shaking her head and muttering.

Still amazed she looked back at the scale. Had she imagined it all? She was still perplexed and decided to re-enter the circle. Instantly the desire returned and was even more intense. Her body was being ravished... her pussy was intently involved... as was every other nerve center. She shuddered in sudden climax and then again. An orgasm became a wave and she was intensely involved and not caring what else was happening in the world. Her breasts were fondled and her tongue ravaged. An imaginary cock was stroking... and plunging... and pulsing... incredible! She was having the greatest sex of her life standing on a scale in full public view. 

She felt hands and heard that same pleasant male voice. His hands were everywhere at the same time and she was caressed, fondled and pleased. Her breasts, her nipples, her tongue, her clit... especially her clit and pussy, but he was in her anus and his hands were on her cheeks as she was pulled tight against a man's firm hips and risen awareness. She could taste him... all of him. She felt his cock in her hand and her pussy and her mouth. He was stroking and he was pleasing her. She climaxed again and again. She knew she was about to cum again when it came from another area... a deeper, longer, more satisfying climax that shook her to her toes and she'd felt herself squirt and as she felt him... he too seemed to cum. As he climaxed she felt it everywhere... she was awash with it... and she could taste the saltiness filling her mouth and throat and running from her pussy.

She lost track of time and was completely unaware of anything around her. She was not being touched by anything real and yet... In awhile it began to taper and she quivered from the intensity of what she'd been feeling. Finally it slowed and then stopped. She was back and conscious as she brushed her hair with her hand and watched people pass without glancing at her. She had just experienced the ultimate in sexual pleasure... things she'd heard of and never personally experienced. Her prior experiences had never aroused her even close to this level.

She tried to straighten her clothing and yet it hadn't shifted as she stepped out of the circle and was suddenly feeling quite normal... but pleasured. She glanced at her watch and checked the time. It was impossible... the watch read the same as when she'd entered the circle. Now the lights no longer flashed and then went off. She looked long at the strange machine and then stepped back into the circle... nothing. 

As she started to walk away she heard a strange mechanical noise and then a thunk as a small slip of paper slid out of the machine the way an ATM might provide an accounting of a transaction. She reached for it and then read it. It simply told her to be back at the same time tomorrow afternoon.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A gasoline filling station was open to the public on the corner. Behind it was a small stripmall that formed the other three corners of a small square. An open drive with parking ran behind the station, with parking for the small businesses located there. It was an eclectic group of private enterprise.

A liquor store on one end may have also owned the property because it had seemed to have more dedicated parking space. All parking was marked and dedicated to the various small businesses. There was a Wedding cake and special occasion bakery, a lawnmower and garden tool repair service, a real estate office, a small thrift shop, a magic Shop, a barber and ended in a small private bar advertising a happy hour with its own special mixed drinks at the opposite corner.

For more than five years he'd had his hair cut at this same place. A little old Korean lady owned it and she provided both male and female services. She'd always seemed able to handle three women having their hair done and still cut a man's hair in a reasonable time. He liked her as a barber and had grown to know her rather well.

Today as always it seemed, the only space to park was at the liquor store. She'd told him many times to ignore the postings about towing violator's cars because people were always parking in the wrong places but he'd always been a bit leery anyway. He wanted to get home, there was nothing going on there, but he wanted to get home. He'd double parked and waited for several minutes with no one leaving and finally gave up and parked.

He left the car and walked back toward his barber without noticing as he stepped around a machine partially blocking the walkway. He was two strides beyond the machine when he heard a soft female voice calling to him. He was puzzled as he turned around. There was no one and nothing except a machine with flashing lights that wanted to provide his weight and fortune.

He turned again and heard her inviting him to get his fortune told. This time he walked back and studied the machine...nothing. Again he started away and her voice seemed to implore him. He gave up and deposited a quarter in the machine's waiting maw. As the coin fell he heard her again asking him to step into the circle on the platform. He stepped into the circle and seemed surrounded by light and the strangest sensation.

He was being fondled. He stepped down and out of the circle and everything was immediately normal. He looked around and saw no one. He tried it again and this time the pleasure was more intense. Instantly he had an erection and it wasn't his normal erection. This one was intense and he was being touched. Kisses traveled over his body and he was simultaneously experiencing a deep sensual mouth on his own. A tongue queried him and explored.

First a tongue's light caress, a mouth kissing his erection and then taking him in deep. He was stroked and cupped and deep throated, and then he felt the warmth of an exquisite pussy's sweetness and sensed its musky odor. He tasted that explicit taste of a woman's wetness and it was so good. His tongue relished in the flavor and he could feel the added dampness. It was as if he were lying with her on top of him as he stood still and was being fucked. She whispered in his ear and moaned loudly and even screamed. He'd lost all awareness of anything around him.

He felt her climax again and again and still his own rigid awareness was being pleasured. Her arms and hands were everywhere and he was being coaxed to fill her. Her voice was eager, sensual, soft and more than just pleasant. He wanted her and wanted to please her as his body prepared. 

Suddenly he was thrusting and attempting to touch but his arms wouldn't move. He had to cum. It was an urgency he had never felt before and he finally yielded. It seemed to go on for minutes as he felt her juices and filled her again and again. Spent of energy and depleted of internal resources the experience began to slow and his penis became flaccid. Suddenly it was over and he was back.

He knew his pants would be wet from excretion and was thinking of going home to change as he stepped down and out of the circle. He looked around again and two ladies were approaching just a few feet away. He was embarrassed and glanced at his watch. He shook the watch even though it was digital. The time hadn't changed and yet he'd been here for a very long time.

He wanted to adjust himself and cover the wet spot in his trousers as the ladies passed and smiled at him. They hadn't respond in any way different from any other occasion. With their backs toward him as they receded, he glanced around and saw no one and reached to adjust himself.

He was absolutely dry and his penis moved normally with no sticky mess to clean up. It couldn't be he thought as he started again to the barber. He heard a soft thunk behind him and turned as the lights went off and a small slip of paper fell from the machine. He picked it up and read it as he walked away. The paper told him to return at the same time tomorrow. He entered the shop and had his haircut.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

That night she'd had trouble sleeping and when she did fall asleep it was hearing his voice and feeling his touch. Was it only a machine? Was it her imagination? She'd felt no need to use her toys and had eventually fallen asleep still remembering.

She woke late and hungry as she dressed the kids and sent them off to the school bus. Her husband had decided to fix his own breakfast and had cooked only for himself. She'd said good morning and asked how he was. He'd simply said that he was okay and asked if she'd ironed him a shirt. She tried to kiss him and he didn't seem interested. He was going fishing with a pair of male friends and needed to make sure everything was ready for that night. He wasn't angry, he was just not interested in her or her life.
