 Jenna slipped quietly into the home office, closing the door quietly behind her. Her senses strained for the sound of movement inside the house, though she knew her housemate wouldn't be home for hours.

She hadn't been imagining things, the chair was right there, nestled in the corner. The sight of it gave her a thrill that tingled up her spine. Yes, Naomi really did own a Euphoria SX5.

The advantage to renting a spare room in this house was that most of the time she had the place to herself. Naomi, the owner, was the archetypal young professional woman, immaculately neat in her fitted business attire and quite the workaholic to boot. The house was beautiful, obviously expensive, large and open plan, with all the most modern fittings and plush living areas. As a lodger renting a room in the house Jenna could take full advantage of it all, and she did. The kitchen was great, but best of all was being able to lounge in her pyjamas in front of a real log fire.

Whilst Naomi generally liked to keep a tidy house the only really big ground rule was that Jenna had to stay out of the home office, the door to which was always kept closed. Apparently Naomi kept a work computer and sensitive documents in there. Jenna had never seen inside except once, one morning when Naomi had left the door open as she had ran to get something from the kitchen. 

It was then, making her down the hallway wrapped only in a towel, that Jenna had spotted the chair. Sleek, compact and compact with a dull black leather appearance it might have passed for a massage chair, but Jenna knew otherwise. There were subtle features on the ergonomic curves of the arm and head rests that gave away this silent piece of furniture for what it really was.

The Euphoria SX5. She had seen the website, read the testimonials, watched the online videos of strangers enjoying it.

Jenna had had to run back to her room and pull out her favourite toy from its hiding place in the bedside cabinet.It might make her late for work but just the thought of what she had seen had her gushing.

The SX5 was a sex toy, the ultimate high end sex toy. It was a padded chair that would grip your body, hold you and stimulate you. What's more, it had sensors that allowed it to know what you liked, know what turned you on, and it would make you come, hard. Most reviewers raved about how it seemed to know their bodies better than they did, and how intense the experience was. Some even went so far as to say it was too intense for them, which somehow only turned Jenna on even more.

Jenna had long wanted to try one, fantasised about it, ever since she had first heard of them about a year before. There was no way she could afford to buy one, or have it just sitting there in her room. Likewise she would be too embarrassed to go out to an expo or a sex shop and try one. 

The strange thing was that despite looking very attractive in her business suit Naomi had not once made any allusion to her sexuality. The expression "prim and proper" was somewhat of a cliche, and yet it definitely applied to Naomi. High cheekbones, stern expression, never a hair out of place, as a person she was as polished, ordered and tidy as she liked her house to be. It was hard to imagine she would be the sort of person to own such a thing.

Then, one night Jenna had padded downstairs in the early hours to get a glass of water. Having noticed a faint light coming from under the door of the home office she crept closer and it was then that she heard something. There was a slight hum coming from inside and then a stifled moan, quiet but unmistakable. With a thrill she realised she was actually listening to the sound of Naomi using the chair.

Part of her had wanted to turn tail and flee silently up the stairs back to her room, but a thrill of arousal had kept her rooted to the spot, listening to sounds coming from beyond the door. As the barely audible moans seemed to reach a crescendo Jenna realised that she had been stood there touching herself under her dressing gown. Then there had been the sound of beeps and some kind of computerised voice speaking and Jenna had bottled it, running back upstairs to her room to finish what she'd started. Her own simple toy was nice and quiet, but she'd had to bite the pillow to stop herself screaming out as her climax took her.

Now, in a haze of forbidden excitement and arousal, Jenna found herself actually standing in the office looking at the chair.

She had been in the downstairs shower and, touching herself as the hot water had flowed down her body, she have been unable to stop herself hearing Naomi's moans. Knowing that the chair was right there in the next room was turning her on and she couldn't get the thought of it out of her head. She would be alone in the house until late that evening. What harm would it do just to take a peek? She had wrestled with her conscience for the entire shower, and as she'd dried her hair in front of the mirror. It was as she had started back toward her bedroom that she had broken.

In real life the chair was about the same size as a recliner, but unlike a recliner it was sculpted in such a fashion as to surround its occupant. The shape of the space where the occupant would sit was recessed into the padding, looking both inviting and intimidating at the same time. There were even separate grooves for each leg and arm.

Jenna reached out and touched the seat. The whole chair was all covered in a material that looked like smooth matt black leather, except there were no stitches visible, very soft to the touch. She had seen what this material could do in countless videos; seen it change shape as if by magic to grip, squeeze, stroke and stimulate the chair's occupant. This, under her hand, was the very material that had held and abused Naomi's naked body.

Jenna became aware she was touching herself again with her other hand. Here she was, stood in front of a Euphoria SX5 and just one towel away from nakedness.

She had to know what it felt like to sit in the chair, just for a second, to know what it felt like. What the heck, she was clean and Naomi would never know. Before she could think better of it the towel had dropped to the floor and she was slotting her feet into the footrests. The chair's material was cool against her skin and she was surprised how far she had to scoot herself back to install herself fully. She placed her arms into the armrests, opening her imagination to dirty thoughts of being grabbed and taken by a machine.

"Welcome new user."

Jenna nearly jumped out her her skin. The chair had come to life around her, the backrest reclined, the footrests lifted up her feet, and as it did so she could feel the material around her shifting and reshaping itself to fit her body. In panic she wanted to jump back out of the chair, but the new position she found herself in made that awkward.

"Would you like to use guest mode, or set up a new user profile?"

The voice was gentle and feminine, though definitely synthetic. It seemed to be coming from the headrest, right behind her ears. Jenna was looking around for some kind of on/off switch and was relieved when she saw that the chair was presenting the control tablet to her. It had swivelled around like a sunflower, placing itself within easy reach.

Cancel button. Get out of the forbidden chair. Pick up the towel and go.

Her hand reached out toward the tablet, her finger hovered over the cancel icon for several seconds. Then her traitorous finger tapped the "guest" icon.

"Welcome guest."

What was she doing?! Naomi would surely kill her if she found out about this. Or at least cast her out onto the street.

She was aware of the chair's material shifting underneath her body, it was reshaping itself to fit her form.

"Scanning." The chair told her. "Please relax."

She was also aware of part of the headrest wrapping itself around the sides of her head. She knew about this, it was how the chair's sensors could sense her brain activity. It gripped her snuggly, but there was nothing that outwardly suggested intelligent algorithms reaching into her mind, stealing insights into her thoughts and emotions.

The control tablet came alive with stylised indicators and graphs. She recognised her heartbeat immediately: it was the one that was moving at a thousand miles an hour. 

"Ready." the chair declared presently and a list of options appeared on the tablet. "Please select your desired session."

The first option on the list was an introductory program. The description said that it was the recommended first use experience, featuring gentle stimulation and soft bondage, using progressive edging to build to a final orgasm. The duration was 15 minutes.

With butterflies in her stomach, knowing what she was doing was forbidden, some invisible force made her reach out and select it. 

"You have selected the introductory program. Beginning program. Lie back and enjoy."

The chair began to recline even further and she let her head sink back into the head rest. The chair fitted her body so well by this point and she felt incredibly comfortable. Then the soft material around her began to shift moving like ripples on a pond, holding every part of her body, massaging it. Jenna could feel her muscles melting like chocolate.

She experienced a thrill as she felt the material at her wrists move to encircle her arms, pinning her arms to the armrests. The same was happening at her ankles. With a grin she pulled against the newly formed restraints. The leathery cuffs were soft against her skin and had some give to them, and yet as she pulled harder she realised with rising excitement that they held her fast. There was no way she could slip herself out of their grip.

The feeling of the material against her skin took on the feeling of many hands stroking her. It was soft and sensual, the sensation of many fingers sliding across her body. As she watched two waves of material flowed outward to either side of her torso, folding down and cupping her breasts. She gasped as they massaged her there, and what felt like a pair of tongues began to explore around her nipples.

Next, with a soft hum, the leg rests began to move apart spreading her wide open, exposing her to the world. There was nothing she could do to resist the chair's slow, irresistible force. She knew she was so wet and the loss of control, the inability to reach down and touch herself, only made her wetter.

As the caresses continued across all of her body she felt the program concentrating its attention on her inner thighs. It was as though a thousand mouths were kissing and licking her. Something bulbous had risen up between her legs and Jenna watched as it folded back down, landing between her nether lips. Immediately it was as though electricity was pulsing through her clitoris, sparking its way through every nerve in her body.

With the chair running a vibrating finger up and down her most sensitive spot Jenna could only close her eyes and cry out in pleasure. It slid over her so deliciously, and there was no way of knowing if it had lubricated itself or whether she was just that wet down there. The crazy thing was how the pleasure seemed to escalate, it was as though the damned thing was learning, trying different motions.

The problem was that every time it found a particular motion that sent tingles down her spine and her toes curl the machine then seemed to back off a bit, easing off the stimulation for a few seconds before resuming. Jenna wanted more, needed more. The urge to reach down and touch herself, to help the machine along, flared inside her. Again she pulled at her bonds, frantically this time, but she was well and truly bound to the chair.

Lying there with her eyes shut, straining all of her senses in a desperate bid to soak up every bit of stimulation the chair could offer her Jenna knew that it simply wasn't enough. She needed more, much more.

Though she simply ached to be penetrated, when the chair entered her the feeling just blew Jenna away. She had had sex before of course, but she wasn't prepared for this. The intruder felt real; a large bulbous pulsating head spread her wide and she was so wet it slid inside her easily. Sparks of pure ecstasy radiated out across her body. Her mouth was wide and she moaned out incomprehensibly as her inner muscles clenched hard around it. It was warm, she could actually feel it pulsating, and it moved far too slowly.

As the robotic cock inside her began to slide in and out to a rhythm Jenna could feel herself slipping away into a sexual haze where time no longer existed. There was just the next thrust, delicious in its inevitable force and depth. The finger over her clitoris continued its buzzing and stroking at her most sensitive spot. Soon the folds of the chair's material holding her breasts joined in pinching, sucking and nibbling at her nipples.

Jenna just lay there and took it; she had no choice as the devilish machine held and abused her body; a fact that turned her on even more. She had no choice but to ride the wave that would surely crest with the strongest orgasm she had ever felt.

"And just what do you think you're doing?"

At the sound of the voice Jenna's eyes whipped open. There was someone standing over her. It was Naomi, all dressed up in a dark grey business suit and looking very stern. She felt hot a surge of embarrassment flush her forehead and flood down her body. This was compounded by the fact that the probe between her legs chose that moment to redouble its efforts and delivered another wave of sensation to her clitoris, making her gasp.

The shock at being discovered and the terrified paralysis lasted for several seconds, then Jenna panicked. All her instincts shouted at her to jump out of the chair and run. She tensed and squirmed against the restraints, fighting with all her strength in an attempt to escape.

"That soft bondage option is amazing isn't it!" Naomi remarked dryly. "It's so comfortable, but there's absolutely no way it will let you get out of it. Trust me I know. Now let's see..."

"Naomi, I'm so sorry I..."

"Shush!" Naomi waved away her words with a dismissive gesture of her hand. To Jenna's horror she had taken hold of the control tablet and turned it around so she could use it.

"The intro program? Really?" She raised an eyebrow. "That one's a bit lame; it doesn't show you half of what this wonderful toy can do. I'm going to make a few adjustments."

Naomi started tapping commands into the interface it with the efficiency of someone who was very familiar with how it worked. Jenna let out a plaintive squeal as something rolled itself over her eyes, covering them in some kind of blindfold and pulling her head back. It was soft and fitted her face perfectly, made of the same kind of smart material that already bound her arms and legs.

Then she felt her lips involuntarily forming into an "Oh!" as the material around her came alive once more, invisible mouths kissing her inner thighs, under her arms, the back of her neck; tongues licking, fingers stroking. The intruder inside her sex was thrusting away mercilessly.

"Now this is fun," Naomi declared, "my little toy here seems to have had the chance to learn a bit about what you like."

"No! I... Let me..."

"Arousal level at 97." the chair declared in the same tone as her phone told her that she had email.

"Let you out? Why would I do that when you obviously wanted to try my chair? Besides, like it just said to this you're really turned on right now. In fact the chair seems to think you secretly really enjoy the bondage. Let's see..."

Jenna heard several beeps as her friend played with the chair's controls.

"Bondage severity: automatic." The chair announced. Jenna squealed as she felt it clamp down hard around her limbs. The arm rests moved outward and downward, adding to her feeling of helpless exposure.

"There we go; let's see what your depraved subconscious really likes."

The headrest seemed to churn behind her neck, infiltrating the hair on the back of her scalp and gripping at it, pulling her head back mercilessly. At the same time she felt the chair lifting her buttocks and tipping her back, stretching her out. She felt a surge of arousal; the extent to which the irresistible forces holding her turned her on actually scared her.

"Please Naomi, that's enough I..."

"Shhhh!" Jenna felt a finger touch her swollen lips, "Do I have to activate the gag as well? We haven't even got to the fun part yet! Let's see... what kind of stimulation did you really like?"

More beeps. "Oh. Interesting!"

The finger that was stroking over her sex flowed into a new shape. It felt wider, slipperier, it was a tongue vibrating and quivering as it flowed up and down. She couldn't help it, she came. The orgasm radiated out from her clitoris like a ball of expanding light, consuming everything in its path. Every nerve in Jenna's body glowed white hot as the orgasm flowed out from her centre to the tip of every toe and every finger. Every muscle in her body contracted, fighting her bondage, and somehow that seemed to amplify the orgasm, causing it to echo and reverberate around her body.

Jenna couldn't tell when the orgasm ended, everything had become fuzzy. It could have been seconds, it could have been minutes. Jenna just became aware that somehow she was still breathing.

She was still lying stretched out by the chair, her head tipped right back. The chair held her tightly and whilst the stimulation had eased off it was still obviously going after her arousal with computerised precision. She was sensitive and she felt she might just come again, but the stimulation had backed off for the moment. It was as though the program was biding its time.

Presently the blindfold peeled back and Jenna squinted in the bright light.

"You look like you're having fun." an upside-down Naomi said. "Now Jenna the bad news for you is that I can't stay. I'm working late for a client and I only came back to pick something up. The good news is that I've set the bathroom to have a nice hot bath ready when the chair's done with you. I don't know when that will be exactly because it's not on a timer; I've set it to give you another three orgasms. Normally that wouldn't take that long but as you may have noticed it's in tease mode, so actually it might take a while."

Jenna moaned and tied to shake her head in protest. Forming words wasn't possible for her right now.

"Oh sweetie don't complain. You sneak into my room and try my toys, you pay the price."

Then, to Jenna's complete surprise the corner of Naomi's mouth curled into a wry smile and the young woman actually gave her a wink. "See you later."

Jenna gave a plaintive moan as the blindfold rolled itself back over her eyes, pulling her head back into the headrest. Whatever was between her legs renewed its nibbling and sucking on her clitoris and she felt her muscles spasming at the onslaught of stimulation. It felt like she was so close to the first of those three orgasms but as she frantically pushed back against the chair's movement she knew it was an illusion. The bastard chair was playing her body like a musical instrument. It could hold her back from the point of release as long as it damn well pleased and there was nothing she could do about it.

It was going to be a long evening.