 It was a sunny afternoon the day I came to my aunt Amalthea's estate in Atlanburg. It would be an understatement to say I was tired. After a day and a half riding in a carriage through the stinking metropolis, the suburbs and out to the country house I was not in the best state. I stared up at the letters carved into the archway above the door: Murray Manor 13901. The word looming is overused somewhat universally but if ever there was a place made for the word, this was it. The stone manor looked like a castle and it's great thick walls did loom over me. Smartly arranged planters were an extension of the perfectly manicured lawn and the smart cobblestone lane leading to the house. The place oozed money. 

That's why my father had sent me here supposedly. His sister was a world-class businesswoman and knew how to run a household, his exact words. It didn't seem to matter that the city-state of Atlanburg still used its undesirables as human chattel. I couldn't understand why father would send me to a place that violated every human rights agreement we held sacred. Yet here I was. 

I had been waiting for some time and thought about knocking again when the door abruptly swung open. The woman inside was not my aunt but a thrall dressed in a dark maid's uniform. I tried not to stare at the tattoos on her neck. 

"Um... Stara Murray, here to see the Lady Amalthea," I stated. 

"Yes Lady Stara, right this way," she replied. Once inside I followed her bustling form down the hallway. The maid was about my age from the look of her with her shiny blonde hair tied up in a bun. After a few more turns we came to the Lady Amalthea's office. 

"Thank you Jema, you may go.." The maid turned on her heel without having to be asked twice, leaving me alone with a woman I'd only met a couple times. Her face was as stern as I'd remembered it when I was a girl with her graying hair tied up tightly. She had a reputation for being hard and relentless. Her office certainly projected that at first glance. Everything was in perfect order among huge, intimidating polished shelves of mahogany. The only decorations were modernist sculptures of cold steel. 

"Welcome to Murray Manor Stara. It's nice to see you again and how fares your father?" 

"He's well Lady, thank you." 

"Very good. I don't like to waste time so we'll start immediately. You are to accompany me on matters with Duke Harinn's people shortly but before we do there are some matters on which I must instruct you. Being from New Brunswick I believe you are not familiar with the ways of criminal justice here." 

"On the contrary, Lady, I learned in school how people do their penance here," I replied, trying to keep my voice neutral. 

"But you have never commanded a thrall with their true name, correct?" 

"That is correct my lady." I didn't like where this was going. 

"Jema, come here!" The maid came rushing back in. 

"As you can see, Jema is in service to me. She is repaying a debt to society and I have been given her true name. As such, she will do anything I say quite literally." 

Oh no. 

"Jema, put your hands on the desk." 

The young woman complied as if yanked forward by a pulley system and then pulled her hands away immediately. 

"So you see if you want to keep a thrall somewhere you must specifically state so or they will not be made to comply. Let's have another example." 

"Oh that won't be necess-..." 

"Jema, do a handstand and hold position." I watched helplessly as she immediately sprung down onto her hands and stayed there. It was humiliating to watch let alone what the thrall must be feeling as her skirt fell down onto her torso, exposing her underwear. Mercifully her face was at least covered but mine was blushing in embarrassment and anger. Amalthea strode over to the woman and pinched her hard on the inner thigh, forcing a shriek from her. 

"As you can see she will stay in this position until her muscles give out." 

She stayed there for a few more nerve wracking moments on trembling muscles until the Lady called out to release her. When she stood up her face was neutral and she stared at the wall but her chest was heaving up and down from exertion.. 

"Dismissed Jema," Amalthea called out and the woman practically ran from the room. 

"Your face says you do not approve but these are things you must learn while you live here." 

"You could have just told me Lady Amalthea." My tone was icy but fear kept me in check.. 

"No child. You needed to see. Now I will give you one more instruction," her face was inches from mine and cold in a way that made me hold my tongue, "If you listen, you will hear the Duke's men arriving just now. They have come to talk business and brought with them a new thrall. A gift of good faith and possibly a spy. He is not to be trusted." 

I looked out the window and indeed there was a carriage being emptied of men outside. 

My aunt spoke low into my ear, making the hair at the back of my neck stand up, "You may not appreciate this now but you might if you need to defend yourself. I won't put my own relation in danger. His name is Arendi Cantus Aliatheni." 

I couldn't stop myself from gasping. She'd said his full true name carefully, with the proper intonation. I felt the weight it carried. 

"Yes, now you understand. I would never deign to test your morals," her voice dropped with sarcasm, "but when you need it you must say Arendi Cantus Aliatheni obey my commands immediately and completely until I release you. This will bind him to your will." 

She grabbed my upper arm and twisted to make her point. "Repeat that phrase I have just told you word for word." 

She had a hard look on her face and I didn't see what difference it would make to repeat them now where the poor man couldn't hear me. This name had been ripped from him by the oracle after he'd been sentenced for a crime and I didn't plan to participate in this barbarity. 

"Arendi Cantus Aliatheni.. obey my commands immediately and completely until I release you." 

"Good," she said calmy, releasing my arm, "they're coming now." 

Indeed they came into the office a few moments later behind Jema, the duke's two emissaries dressed in fine clothibg and feathered hats. Another younger man with a shock of black hair, slightly too long was with them. I had never seen a thrall as marked as he was with tattoos winding their way down one half of his face and chest where it met a simple white shirt. The other half of him was unmarked. It was striking. Whoever had that done to him clearly had a flair for the dramatic. He kept his dark eyes pointed down, hidden under long sooty lashes but I had the feeling he was still aware of every movement around him. He made brief eye contact with me and inexplicably my face grew hot. I quickly looked down to the floor. He was the type of man who was not only handsome but pretty. It wasn't hard to guess what his duties at the Duke's castle were. 

The duke's men were as arrogant as any who had come to father's court and introduced themselves in an embarrassingly grandiose manner. A certain type of small talk continued until one of the men, the one with a large blonde mustache, changed the subject. 

"How rude of me, I haven't introduced the thrall yet." Cue the cruel laughter from the two men. "Let's get the two of you better acquainted and talk business." 

"Very well," my aunt addressed me now, "Stara please leave us and get situated in your room." 

I nodded to the duke's emmissaries and hurried out but I couldn't help staying outside the doorway for a moment. I heard them clearly from that short distance talking politics and finances. 

"So I suppose we should take care of the transfer of goods then. Kneel. I trust you have his name?" I assumed it was the thrall who I heard kneel on the ground. 

The Lady Amalthea spoke clearly then. "Arendi Cantus Aliatheni, obey my commands immediately and completely until you are released." 

"Very good. Arendi Cantus Aliatheni, you are now released from my service." One of them said with a chuckle. It sounded like he was handing over an old book rather than a human being. 

"Now that we are completed with that, I suggest we go sit down to supper if you gentlemen are not opposed." 

"Not at all." I jumped a bit as I heard that and scurried down the hallway to get ahead of them. Finding another servant woman down the hall, this one with no tattoos, I asked and she was kind enough to lead me to my room where my bags had been taken. 

After we arrived there I inquired as to her status in the house. 

"I am here as a free woman my lady. A little over half of the men and women in service to the Lady Amalthea are the same. I wish there were even fewer thralls here if I'm being honest." 

"Why is that ma'am if you don't mind me asking?" 

The older woman smiled in a condescending manner. "You've really never been out of New Brunswick then. These people are criminals dearie, regardless of what those bleeding hearts in the papers might say they deserve what they get. They should lock them up or execute them instead of letting them be out among decent people. But I'm sure the Lady of the house will be vigilant about your safety." 

"I see," I said, effectively dismissing her, "thank you for your help." 

She bowed slightly and excused herself. 

I thought about her words after she had left. She seemed ghoulish to me now but how much of what she said could be true? I wasn't naïve enough to think every criminal was harmless but the thought of having my free will stripped away made me queasy. I would have to wait and see. 

Walking down to the supper hall the Duke's men and Lady were already seated with their drinks. I sat down and a few of the staff brought out food, some with tattoos and some without. The new thrall was nowhere to be seen. The more the men ate and drank the fine wine the more drunk and rowdy they became until Lady Amalthea left the dining hall to set up accommodations for them. The trouble started when the young thrall, Jema, entered in to pour more wine. Emboldened by the Lady's absence one of the men made a grab for her and encircled his arm around her waist. His other hand was busy grabbing a handful of her hair to press his wine soaked mustache against her own mouth. From the look on her face it was clear she didn't want his attentions but she didn't resist actively, only clenching her hands into fists at her side. Until the other man lifted up her skirt. I watched in shock as the man kissing her slid his hand up her thigh and in between her legs That was apparently the last straw. At that she tried to pull away but he held her fast. Her hand raised up and finally there was a deafening smack as she struck him across the face. 

It happened so fast I didn't know how to respond right away. When I did find my voice it came out in a yell, wavering but loud, "Stop it! Let go of her! NOW!" 

My aunt chose this opportune moment to reenter the room while the second man still had his hand up Jema's skirt. The new thrall was with her, scanning the room cautiously but not alarmed. 

"What is all this yelling about?" she asked angrily. 

"This feral animal slapped me!" This from the man shaking Jema by her hair. 

"They were assaulting this woman!" I shouted. 

"Is this correct? Were you acting in a lewd and inappropriate manner in front of my young charge?" 

I mean... I wasn't that young. 

"We are sorry my lady," one of them slurred. 

"Unhand that thrall and I will see to it that she's punished. Meanwhile you two may retire to your rooms and in the morning go back to the Duke with my regards. That will be all." Her voice was carefully neutral but there was ice and fire under that façade. 

The men must have sensed this too and quickly fled to their rooms. 

"You two, come outside with me," Amalthea said referring to Jema and the new thrall, "Stara you may go to your room." 

"She didn't do anything wrong-" I started. 

"I said you are excused," she snapped. 

I walked out looking at each face in turn and decided I must know whatever was to happen. Rounding the corner I headed straight to my room and waited several minutes to sneak down the hall and out a side door. When I came to the courtyard the staff was gathered around Jema. Over 50 people standing in a circle but I could see between them to the terrified woman in the middle. 

I heard the Lady Amalthea command her to strip and she slowly removed her dress and undergarments until she was completely nude. The next command was to kneel and she did so extending her hands out in front of her. I felt a blush creep into my cheeks as she was displayed for everyone present and then horror as I heard her next command. 

"You, Aren, step forward. You are to give her 25 lashes for striking out guest and don't go too easy or I will restart the count," she stated handing over a wicked looking whip with 6 different tails to the new thrall. 

"Begin." The crack of the whip on her skin was nothing compared to the sound of Jema shaking and sobbing. The thrall took his mistress seriously and did not hold back too much. Her screams became louder and then quieter as she came close to losing consciousness. By the time the count reached 25 I had stuffed my fingers into my mouth and was biting into them to keep from making any noise. Her back was covered in red welts and blood. Everyone began to disperse and I hid myself behind the wall. There were only a few people left to witness Jema still kneeling on the ground. 

"Now you can stay there until morning and I hope you will have learned your lesson." 

"Pardon me my lady," I heard Aren say, "might I take her to treat her wounds first? She may get an infection and cause you further trouble." 

"There's an idea." She seemed to think about this for a moment. "Aren, you kneel, hands in front." 

His body moved in that unnatural way I'd come to associate with the commands and mirrored Jema's position. 

"You'll take her place and stay here until morning." 

Jema was released and another woman helped her walk to the servant's quarters while the other was left to endure there. I went back to my room but tossed and turned, looking out my window to see him still kneeling there. 

The next morning I saw out my window my aunt go to the thrall, still kneeling in the courtyard and release him from the strained position. He struggled to find his feet but hobbled on and out of sight before long. That wasn't the last time I would see the lady of the house cruelly punish the thralls in her service. 

I tried to learn as much as I could, though I felt a seething hatred toward my aunt. I was set to stay here for another 6 months and if I couldn't get along I might not be able to bear the shame of being sent back to my father. The other problem was the distraction I felt whenever the dark-eyed thrall Aren would appear and yet I found myself looking for ways to be around him. He didn't always talk much, mostly just did his work but I could feel myself becoming infatuated with him, especially after I'd seen his kindness towards Jema. The reason for his arrest and enslavement were unknown to me and I couldn't bring myself to ask. Truth was, I didn't want to know. 

One day after a particulary frustrating "lesson" from my aunt I went out of the house to get some fresh air. As I walked out I saw him weeding the garden and I sat down in the grass a few yards away, not too close to make him uncomfortable I hoped. He was shirtless with intricate black lines running along his back and arms. They were beautiful to look at over the taught muscle below. 

"I like your tattoos," I called out and then cringed. Why did I say that? 

"Thank you," he replied, not turning around. 

"Did those hurt?" I asked, looking at the thick black bands tattooed on his wrists and ankles. The keenly resembled shackles. 

"I wouldn't know, can't feel pain when you're unconscious." 

"They put you under for that?" 

"Put me under? All they have to say is 'go to sleep' and I won't wake up until they say so." He replied, as if explaining to a very small child. 

"Do they... do they do that a lot?" I asked, more than a bit taken aback. 

"Of course, it's an automatic shut off switch for people. The handlers generally do that for tattoos, piercings, any painful modifications the lord or lady wants completed before the thrall is handed over. Unless of course they're into that kind of thing and they want to watch," he said nonchalantly, plucking some more weeds. 

I couldn't help looking away, my stomach clenching at the thought of being paralyzed while people hurt me and made permanent alterations. It made my blood freeze. 

"Seems like something lady Amalthea would enjoy." 

"Not really," he pulled up another weed from between the rose bushes, "She's cold-hearted but it's all business with her. She'll have a slave beaten or altered to make a point but she doesn't enjoy it." 

I mulled that over for a moment. He paused and looked at me with dark eyes, maybe worrying he might have said too much. 

"Sorry if I'm bothering you. I just came out to grab a little air, maybe get a little time away from the lady of the house..." 

"It's no bother Lady Stara." 

He seemed to relax a bit but went silent after that, continuing with his work. I felt awkward that the exchange had become too personal and after stealing a few more glances decided to go for a walk in the wooded area by the garden. It was getting hot and the breeze in the shaded grove felt wonderful. 

After a few minutes I came across a little stream and sat down by the banks against the trunk of a tree. The leaves shook in the wind like a whisper and the air was so fresh and soothing it wasn't long before my eyelids started to droop. With my eyes closed now drifting into sleep I heard a rustle of leaves not far from myself, maybe a squirrel or a bird. It came again louder this time. I opened my eyes and jolted awake at the sight of Aren only a foot away, his face pale and eyes wide. Letting out a shriek, I scurried away on my hands. 

"I'm sorry!" He said and held up his open hands in a conciliatory gesture, "Please my lady, I only saw you sitting here and came to speak with you." 

"You followed me!" 

He looked pained then and kneeled next to me as thralls were trained to do, knees apart, hands resting palm up on the thighs and head slightly bowed. 

"Please, I don't mean you any harm Lady Stara. I only wanted to apologize to you for earlier when I misspoke about the Lady Amalthea. What I said...I didn't mean any disrespect to you or her. I hadn't realized you were her niece." 

Someone in the household told him we were related and a transformation had taken place in his body. Where once had stood a confident young man now he kneeled in submission, his breathIng shallow and shoulders slumped. I realized then he was terrified I would inform Amalthea what he had said in the garden. He must have thought the punishment for speaking to me that way would be harsh considering his reaction. 

"I'm not going to say anything to her about it." 

I watched as he let out a slow breath he'd been holding through full, pink lips. My eyes followed the patterns that flowed down his neck to broad chest and finally to disappear into the waistband of his pants. It was a nice view that could make a lady wonder what designs were underneath and where. 

When I looked back up I found him staring intently at me and my face flushed in embarrassment from being caught staring at his crotch. I tried to compose myself and then crawled closer to him. 

"Really, it's okay. I'm not her biggest fan either," I said, smirking conspiratorially, "I'd never tell her anything." 

"Thank you," he said, but his eyes were still nervous, "We haven't been introduced but my name is Aren." 
