 Keane layed on his stomach in the forest, hidden behind a cluster of trees and a bunch of bushes. In this spot, he could stay completely concealed as he observed his prey bathing in the stream below: Two young horan women, both of a ripe age that would bring him top dollar.

The year is now 3709. Not much is known about the world before the Final War, the war which changed the planet forever. All that is known is that sometime in the late 21st century, nuclear war ravaged the world, and forced the few remaining survivors to seek shelter underground. The tribes of people who didn’t live underground for centuries risked the effects of toxic fallout. Mutation and sickness from the nuclear fallout was one of the least worries however, since tribes of bandits and pirates killed and ate whatever or whoever they could find.

That age came to an end a few hundred years ago, when most of the underground civilizations resurfaced, to live above ground again. What they found is that the humans above ground had mutated and sub-races had sprouted up. Those who had avoided the fallout below ground regarded themselves as “pure blooded” humans. Horans were one of the new races that had evolved over the centuries.

Most of the differences between the races were subtle. Horans looked very much like humans, except they had evolved to possess much more enhanced sexual features, and had a raging sex drive. This is where they got their nickname, “Horan” came from the old word “whore”, describing the horny nature of the entire race.

Horan women were recognizable by their naturally tan skin, with blonde to white hair color, and bright, almost fluorescent eyes (usually green or cyan). Horan females also had extremely large breasts, which were impossible to miss. At puberty, the girls’ breasts began producing milk, pregnant or not. It was natural for them to lactate when excited, particularly when sexually aroused.

Keane wasn’t pure blooded, he was part mutant, so in some social circles he would never be fully accepted. He looked human in every way, except for he only had eight fingers, impossible to hide his mutant heritage. So he was forced to work as a slave hunter; A dirty job, but it paid well.

Keane hunted horans primarily, to sell into slavery. These two he was watching would bring in enough money to last him for months. Horans were sparse, and on the verge of extinction. They were a primal race, with extremely low brain power and intelligence potential. In fact, they were so stupid that horans couldn’t even learn how to speak a language, their communication was reduced to primitive grunts and moans. Many believed that’s all they needed to do anyway, since they tended to spend most of their time engaging in sex.

Some had tried to breed horans in captivity, but slave buyers weren’t interested in their offspring because they lacked the wild sexual nature; They were considered too ‘housebroken’. Their breastmilk however, was a delicacy enjoyed around the continent.

Keane shifted slightly as he watched the two horans bathing themselves in the waterfall pool just about 200 feet down the hill in front of him. Both were bathing naked, although horans seldom wore clothes, no more than just a loincloth. If they did wear clothes, most horan women would need at least an F cup bra.

The two young women were waist deep in the forest stream pool of water. One of them was standing underneath the waterfall, letting the cold water shower down over her head, as she rubbed her basketball sized tits. Her white hair was matted to her body, slicked back behind her, reaching down to her waist. Some locks of hair were dangling down over between her gigantic hooters.

The second girl was facing away from Keane, so he couldn’t see her, but she seemed to be washing herself between her legs… or something.

Keane reached down, rubbing his stiff cock that had slipped out of the rip in the front of his pants. His dick had a tendency to slip out of the hole in the front of his raggedy trousers, but he didn’t give a shit about that sort of thing.

Keane laid there on the ground, stroking his now fully-erect cock as he watched the two bathing girls. The two were now close together, kissing with their arms wrapped around each other. The girl under the waterfall reached her hands back, squeezing the other woman’s bulging, voluptuous tits.

After a few seconds, Keane took his hands off his dick, deciding that there was no better time to jump in, surprise the two, and capture them. He stood up slowly, quietly, and took a few steps back to where his motorcycle was leaning against a tree. He took a rolled up bundle off from the back, and began to undo it. This trusted item was his net, which he used to capture and tangle his victims. He folded the net, preparing it in formation to throw.

Keane took his motorcycle, and climbed on top of it. Once he started the bike, he knew that the two women would start to flee, so he had to be quick. He knew what he was doing though, this was his professional after all. With a quick kick-start to his bike, he gunned the engine and started rushing forward over the hill.

As soon as he came over the crest of the hill, back into the view of the two women, he saw them looking up at him, stricken in fear. They didn’t stay still for long though; In an instant, both of them were rushing out of the water, running away in opposite directions. Keane headed after the woman on the left, closest to him. He closed in quickly as she ran barefoot, and in seemingly no time, he was near enough to cast his net out, catching the horan squarely inside it. She stumbled forward, falling, and began clawing at the net, only further tangling herself.

The slave hunter zoomed forward, continuing after the second girl. But as a vine tangled itself in the front wheel of his bike, he felt himself suddenly lurching forward, head over heels.

Before he knew what had happened, Keane found himself flat on his back, the wind knocked out of him. Sighing, he got up, seeing what had happened. He picked up the motorcycle, realizing that he didn’t have enough time to untangle it and pursue the second horan.

Keane walked back to where the first woman had fallen in the net. She squealed loudly, clawing at the net, struggling on the ground practically helplessly. As the woman saw him, she stopped screaming, and stared at him in fear, panting heavily.

The slave hunter stood over his captured prey, his cock was still hard and sticking straight out from the gash in the front of his trousers. If he wasn’t sporting a hardon, his prey probably wouldn’t be quite as scared. Keane looked over the woman. She was young, probably in her early twenties. Her body was perfect (most horans were, that’s why they were in such high demand). Her chest was heaving, making her huge, bulging tits rise and fall; Her nipples with dribbling with a few drops of milk. The horan’s stomach was thin and muscular, and when she tensed, Keane could see the definition of her abs. Below her stomach, her platinum blonde bush was exposed as her firm thighs were forced open, tangled in the net.

The one capture would have to do, Keane thought, stroking his cock as he crouched down to the woman. Keane liked to test out his products before he sold them, to make sure there weren’t any problems. Plus it was an added bonus to the job, he figured.

The slave hunter knelt down between his newly captured fucktoy’s thighs. He leaned forward, holding the girl’s shoulders down while he brought himself down into position, sliding his cock between her thighs to press up against her cunt. There was enough space between the netting which would allow him to slip his cock through and fuck her easily.

The woman started to squirm and struggle, but he held her down firmly and slammed his cock forward, pushing it between her cunt lips, burying his stiff prick up inside her all the way with one thrust. She squealed loudly as he violated her, feeling the stranger’s cock invading her tight pussy. Keane didn’t waste any time in starting to pump away on top of her. He thrust in and out of her hard, ravaging her cunt, using her roughly.

The tanned beauty’s tits jiggled slightly underneath the netting while her captor fucked her mercilessly, pinning her down so she was helpless. After a while of squirming against Keane, she stopped resisting, realizing it was pointless to keep trying.

Keane kept pounding away between her thighs, slamming the entire length of his cock in and out of the horan’s tight cunt, making her huge tits jiggle and drip with milk. His heavy balls slapped against her ass with each thrust. Soon after she stopped resisting, he felt his cock was about ready to explode, so he buried himself as deep up inside her as he could. His balls pumped out a huge load of juice as he came, shooting his load of jizz up into her cunt, squirt after squirt after squirt. He emptied every last drop of his sperm into the girl before reluctantly pulling out.

*****

Keane stood with his newly acquired horan fuckslave in the crowded marketplace of Jai II, which was the biggest of the nearby civilizations. There was everything being sold and bartered in the marketplace here: food, weapons, books, gasoline, oil, parts, livestock and slaves. The slave hunter was in the slave section, where buyers could come and see what was available. The horan girl was shackled, chained, and leashed, making sure she had no chance to escape. She was property now.

“Hey ho there, Keane. What have you got for me today?” Came a voice from nearby. It was Mick, a wealthy warlord who frequently bought from Keane.

“Hey Mick. I’ve got a ripe horan, just caught yesterday. Big firm tits, tight little cunt, She’ll make a great addition to your harem.”

“I’m not looking for any personal slaves, I’m looking to buy someone I can forge into an Arena Slut.” Mick continued.

“A showgirl, eh? Well I think this one would do great. She’s got a look to her.” Keane suggested.

Arena sluts were slaves, whose fate was to amuse the masses in the coliseums, serving as entertainment to the hundreds of voyeurs who watched as they were fucked or raped savagely by whatever the promoter chose: Animals, mutants, or even gangbanged by dozens of men. After a while, some Arena sluts would perform willingly, trying to make the spectacle more of a show, thinking that if they performed well enough they could earn freedom. But most of the appeal was for the unwilling victims, particularly the ones captured in the wild. Especially the horans, who were now becoming rare.

Mick pulled on the leash of the horan girl, causing her to stumble closer. He cupped one of her almost impossibly large tits in his hand, not even able to gasp the whole thing. He lifted her breast and leaned his head down, bringing his lips to her nipple. The slave tried to pull back a little as Mick started to nurse on her tit, but Keane tugged on her leash tightly, holding her in place. Mick drank down her delicious milk, like a mixture of honey, sugar and warm cream.

Mick raised his head up and looked over the rest of her body. He squeezed her tight, young ass firmly, and his other hand roamed around, sliding over her pussy, inspecting her thoroughly. The horan girl was clearly uncomfortable, whimpering and squirming as the other stranger’s hands roamed all over her body.

“I’ll take her.” Mick said.

They haggled over the price and the exchange was made. Afterward, Mick brought her over to a cart nearby, which was actually a cage on wheels. Inside the cage were two other girls, both who were slumped on the floor, obviously exhausted and abused.

Mick shoved his newly bought slave inside, and she fell forward on top of the other girls.

*****

The horan slave sat on the dirty, stone floor of the dungeon, her arms chained up above her, and her feet chained apart, attached to the floor. Three days had passed since she had been captured, and she was now under the ownership of Mick, living in this filthy, dark dungeon, along with about a dozen other slaves like her.

The dungeon guards who were there to keep the slaves in line, often helped themselves to the defenseless women, fucking them whenever they felt the urge.

The horan looked down between her legs. Her cunt had been shaved completely, leaving her completely hairless from the waist down. That was part of the grooming she received as they sought to turn her into a fucktoy slave. She looked down at her arm again, too. The number “34” had been tattooed on her shoulder, her slave number. Of course she didn’t know what the symbol meant, she couldn’t read; she only knew it was a branding of some sort.

Slave 34 had been allowed to eat meager portions of food, but mostly her diet in the past few days had consisted of semen. The guards were constantly pumping her mouth full of ball juice, and sometimes Mick would summon a slave or two up to his quarters to service him.

Jax, one of the dungeon guards, walked around through the slave quarters, tossing each of the slaves a half loaf of bread from the sack he carried. It was feeding time.

Jax stopped in front of her, tossing her the chunk of bread. Slave 34 picked it up eagerly and began munching on it. Jax could tell she was hungry. Underneath those fucking huge, basketball sized melons of hers, he could see her ribs, and her stomach had gotten extremely skinny.

The dungeon guard felt his cock hardening as he watched the busty slave below him. He was excited to have a horan in his dungeon; Before now, he had only heard rumors of their beauty and wild sexual nature.

Slave 34 wolfed down her bread hungrily and licked her lips. By the time she was done, she looked up, seeing the dungeon guard was still in front of her, but now he was unbuckling his pants and sliding them down.

Jax opened his pants, pulling them down enough so that his half erect cock could pop out. Jax was also a mutant, and he suffered from having an abnormally large set of testicles. His balls were huge, to say the least, about the size of grapefruits. They also produced abnormally large amounts of sperm, which usually made sex with a normal girl extremely messy.

Slave 34 shifted on the ground, her ass rubbing against the rough stone floor. She was used to fucking on a regular basis (half a dozen to a dozen times per day in her culture), and the lack of satisfying sex lately had left her extremely horny. Her pussy dripped constantly, drooling down her inner thighs and between the crack of her ass. Her busty, inhumanly large tits dripped with milk, running down the underside of her breasts.

Jax squatted over her, holding his cock. He rubbed his swollen cockhead over her forehead, down over her nose, and pressed it up to her lips. Slave 34 opened her mouth a bit reluctantly, but at least she was obeying now. Jax shoved his cock between her lips, filling her mouth with his stiff member.

Slave 34 moaned as the intrusive cock shoved into her mouth, but she began sucking instinctively. She was a little embarrassed at how she had started to immediately devour the prick, but she was used to sucking dick regularly with her own kind, and sometimes she forgot that she was in a slave dungeon now.

Jax let out a satisfying moan. “Oh yeah that’s it, bitch. Suck down that fat prick and I’ll give you something to wash that bread down with.” Jax told her, knowing that she had no idea what he was saying.

Slave 34 was extremely horny, despite being locked up like this. In the past three days, the only sex she had was quick, rough, unsatisfying rape, and by now she really really needed to cum. If she could only reach her clit, she could finish herself off…

Jax saw the slave trying to reach down, figuring she wanted to get her hands on his cock. “Easy there, whore. I’ll give you enough of this dick, don’t you worry.”

Jax pumped his cock in and out of her mouth while the slave bobbed her head back and forth. She sucked and slurped messily, letting her spit drool down his shaft, and down her chin as well, some of her spit slobbering down onto her tits. His huge, heavy balls slapped up against her chin each time he buried his cock in her mouth, pressing his cockhead up against the back of her throat.

Slave 34 sucked eagerly on the veiny, thick shaft that was thrusting in and out of her mouth. She rubbed her tongue up along the underside of the prick while she sucked and nursed. At this point, her pussy was drooling just about as much as her mouth was.

The dungeon guard looked down at her huge, delicious tits that were jiggling while she bobbed, and he couldn’t resist. He pulled his aching, stiff prick out of her mouth and squatted down a bit more, nuzzling his cock between her huge, busty melons. He smeared some of the milk dribbling from her nipples across her tits, rubbing between her breasts, mixing it with the sweat and spit, making her titties slick and slippery. His cock slid in between them easily, slick with her drool.

Jax pumped his cock up and down between her amazing knockers, while he held them together tightly. With each squeeze of her breasts, he noticed that her nipples would ooze with milk, like he was milking a cow.

The horan slave arched her back, pushing her chest out some more while the guard squatted over her, burying his prick in her udders. Jax held her melons together tightly while he rubbed his cock up and down between them, tittyfucking her happily. His huge balls dragged up and down her chest.

Slave 34 leaned her head down, sticking out her tongue, trying to lick at the tip of Jax’s cock each time it thrust up out of the top of her breasts. She rolled her tongue over his cockhead, lapping up the precum which was oozing out everywhere.

Jax groaned as he came hard. Before his cock exploded, he pulled back a little bit, aiming his prick at the slave’s open mouth. A huge burst of semen shot out of his dick, shooting with the force of a hose. His cock spurted and spurted, gushing out loads of his balljuice all over her face, completely plastering her. He didn’t stop cumming though, as he aimed his prick down at those humongous tits of hers. His sperm shot forth, landing in streaks all over her boobs. Finally after dumping about a quart of his jizz over the girl, his prick slowed to a drizzle. Her upper body was completely painted in his fuck frosting.

The slave blinked, some cum caught in her eye, amazed at the volume of cream the guard had dumped on her.

But Jax was still stiff. It wasn’t often that a horan slave came through here, and he planned to take every advantage of this opportunity. Without missing a beat, he slid down between her thighs, burying his cock into her soaking went, hairless pussy.

God, she was incredibly tight! Just another feature horans possessed, Jax figured.

Slave 34 let out a long moan as she felt the stiff prick plunge between her thighs, burying inside her needy cunt. She wanted to cum so bad; she hoped her rapist/lover could last long enough to satisfy her. If she didn’t orgasm soon, she would start to go insane.

Jax held onto the slave’s hips as he leaned into her, pounding his cock in and out of her furiously. She was so fucking wet! He felt her creamy chest rubbing up against his own, smearing on his body.

Those two heavy, huge balls of his slapped up against her tight little ass each time he buried his rod into her. Surprisingly, she was squealing and moaning as if she enjoyed it as much as he did. Jax didn’t care if she enjoyed it at all though, he was here to get his own rocks off.

Finally, the slave was pushed over the edge and she squealed loudly as her orgasm hit her hard! She arched her back, and her pussy quivered as the pleasure rushed through her body.

“AAAAAAAAAAAOOOOOOHHHHH!!!” The slave moaned.

Jax watched as the slave orgasmed, and her tits started to spurt with milk, spraying onto his chest! Her nipples squirted with milk, splatting onto his body, while her pussy clamped down on his prick.
