 "Look, honey, I promised we'd go on a double date with them. We can't back out now." 

"I know, I know. She's just, well, she's just a little weird." 

Paul looked at his girlfriend and sighed. She had a point, like usual. He couldn't fault her for it, he'd thought the same thing. Ryan never was really big into dating the "normal" ones, but this one, well she was on a whole different level. "Look, I know she's weird in class, but who knows? Maybe in person outside of the class she's normal." 

Paul watched as his girlfriend Jamie rolled her eyes and spun on her heels, clicking across the wooden floor towards the door. He couldn't help but stare at the way her hips swayed lusciously back and forth and then chided himself. After tonight, he doubted he'd hear the end of it for a while. No you're not going to hit that tonight so get your looks in now- "Hey Paul, this is your friend we're going to see, you wanna be late?" 

"Alright, alright already I'm coming let me grab my coat." Paul walked over and grabbed his coat and threw it over his shoulders and grabbed the keys from the desk next to the door. When he turned back around Jamie threw her arms around his neck and kissed him. He returned the kiss and smiled. She leaned forward some more and playfully licked his ear causing shivers to run up Paul's spine. 

"I don't mind if you stare babe." She whispered, "Mostly because unless I get really drunk tonight, all you're going to get is to look at it." She smiled a wicked smile as she backed away and adjusted the front of her dress, causing her ample breasts to jostle and display even more cleavage. 

Oh I hate when you play this game Jamie. Paul thought as he shook his head and opened the door for her gesturing to the hallway. Ryan this better be worth it. 

*** 

"I'm so glad you guys decided to come back here to my place. I have plenty of room for you all to crash if you want." 

"It's fine really," Paul said as he adjusted his arm under Jamie's shoulder, "We're not really in any shape to drive home anyways." 

"Who are you kidding, I'm soooo sober right meow." 

"Nice try Jamie," Ryan said from in front of them, "but it's been a long time since I've seen you this sloshed." 

"I'm not drunk." Jamie said, her face turning into a pout. As if on cue she missed a step on the sidewalk and nearly pitched forward, except Paul caught her and kept her balance. I'll never understand why women who know they're going to get drunk insist on wearing heels. 

"Aww it's ok Jamie, I'm pretty buzzed too." Brianna said turning to face them now walking backwards. "Those were some strong drinks fur shure." 

At least she didn't have any tequila. Paul thought as he watched Ryan turn into the next apartment building. If the tequila came out, I'd be carrying her home in one arm and probably her clothes in another. He helped his inebriated girlfriend up the stairs and watched as both Ryan and Brianna shared a quick kiss and then Ryan gestured for him to follow them down the hallway. 

"Hey man, you want anything to drink." Ryan said as Paul lowered Jamie onto the large leather couch in the living room. 

"Don't be rude Ry. Girls first!" Brianna said from the kitchen. Paul saw a flurry of red hair and Brianna's face suddenly appeared with a handle of tequila in one hand and a handle of rum in the other. "What's your preference Jamie?" 

"TEQUILA!" She yelled, giggling afterwards, and Paul covered his face with his hands. Here we go. 

"Alright now that that's settled, whatcha drinking Paul?" 

"I'll have a rum and coke, if you don't mind Brianna." 

"Oh please, call me Bri." 

"Ok Bri." Paul said as he watched the mousy girl walk towards the other room and begin mixing some drinks. Then he felt a tap on his shoulder and saw that Ryan was motioning him over to a corner for a more private conversation. 

"So what do you think Paul?" 

"About?" 

"Bri. I mean what do you think?" 

"I mean she's really nice. Obviously she cares about you-" 

"But," Ryan cut in, "you think she's weird." 

"Was it that obvious?" Paul said sighing. "Look man she's nice, and definitely has that nerd look going for her that I know you like. But even you have to admit that she comes off a little...well off." 

"Look man, you're my best friend so I appreciate your opinion. But I can't date the super hot chicks that you can." 

"Look man, you know I keep telling you all you have to do is ask-" 

"But you look the part man." Ryan said shaking his head and Paul looked at his friend from high school. Ryan had the tall athletic build that was typical for marathon runners like him. Lean where he needed to be, but definitely had the muscle to back up his constant training he had to do to stay on the team. But he had a point. That's all there really was to him from the outside, a tall, lanky, quiet guy who definitely could use a confidence boost. And Paul then thought back to himself. Almost as tall, muscular, where Ryan had gone into running, Paul had gone the rout of water polo. And yes Ryan, many girls are superficial, but I don't keep Jamie around because of how I look. 

"Look, Paul I'm sorry man. Let's just forget about this conversation and have some drinks. I certainly don't have enough alcohol in me yet." 

Paul wanted to reach out for his friend and stop him, but a call came from the kitchen, "Hey guys drinks are coming!" 

"Let me help you with that Bri." Ryan said as he walked into the kitchen. 

Paul watched, sighed, and went to sit on the couch next to Jamie who then threw her arms around his neck and gave him a huge kiss on the cheek. "Hey baaaabe." 

"I thought you weren't going to drink tonight Jamie?" 

"How could I not? She offered to pay." 

"Doesn't mean you have to take advantage of her." 

"Are you mad at me?" 

"No, I'm not. I just...I just want you to take it easy. I'm drunk, you're drunk and we'll probably have to stay here tonight so try to be nice." 

"I've been nothing but nice!" Jamie said appalled. "I mean, I know she's a nerd and all that, but she seems cool enough outside of class." 

"Well I'm glad you think so." Brianna said as she walked into the room carrying a box, while Ryan followed with the drinks. Both Paul and Jamie whipped around sporting looks of small children caught passing notes in class. Brianna smiled a disarming smile, "I know I'm not nearly as pretty as you Jamie, and that sometimes I might come off as a little weird, but I just haven't really been able to express myself as well as I would like." 

Paul reached out and took the two drinks Ryan was offering for himself and Jamie and watched as the Ryan and Brianna sat down on the couch opposite them. It was then he was struck by the contrast in the two couples as he was sure Ryan was as well. Where Jamie was dressed to kill in a tight fitting red dress that showed off all her curves and complimented her raven black hair, Brianna was wearing a simple blouse and skirt that looked like something she would wear anytime. Well if she wore stuff like that on a daily basis people probably wouldn't think her weird. Paul found himself thinking. Where Jamie had curves, Brianna's body showed hints of curves. 

"So what's this?" 

"Ya Bri what's that? I've never seen it before." 

"Oh, I thought that since we were all going to be here for a little bit we could play a game. One of my friends played it once and then lent it to me. She said it was awesome and that it made for a great drinking game." 

"Really, well then I'm in." Jamie said taking another long gulp from her glass. 

"Well, I don't think it's a drinking game per say, but definitely it's more fun drunk." 

"What's it called?" 

"Arguments and Alterations." 

"Hmm, never heard of it." Paul said looking at the box. "But I'm game. How do we play?" 

"Well, I'll open it up and see if we've got instructions," Bri said as she reached for the box and removed the cover. She slid a small piece of paper out from on top of the folded game board and began reading: 

"Thank you for purchasing Arguments & Alterations. The game must be played with a minimum of 3 people with no maximum. There are no game pieces in this box, but a photo of every person should be taken at the start of the game using the camera provided. This photo will act as your game token. Once turn order is decided players roll the die and travel along the board and performing the action listed on the space. The game ends when one player reaches the space marked "FINISH" and we hope you enjoy Arguments & Alterations." 

"That's it?" Paul asked skeptical. 

"Yep, looks that way." Bri said as she handed the sheet over to Paul. The words were a little fuzzy to read because of the alcohol, but he had to admit they were pretty straightforward instructions. 

"Oh wow! I haven't seen one of these in AGES!" Ryan said causing Paul to look up from the instructions. In Ryan's hands was an old Polaroid camera, the kind that spit out the pictures and developed them for you. 

"Wow that is, like, super old!" Jamie said as she took another drink. "Lemme see." 

Ryan went to hand the camera over to Jamie who had stood up to reach for it when suddenly she immediately sat back down. "WOAH, world started spinning there, hang on a second." 

"I think you've had enough to drink then honey," Paul said reaching for her glass. 

"NOOOOO, don't take my sweet tequila away," She pouted and Paul leaned back in his seat and turned to Ryan. 

"Alright Ryan give it here." Ryan handed the camera to Paul who then handed it to Jamie who giggled with glee. 

"This is SOOO cool!" She said and then pointed the camera at Paul. "Strike a pose babe." And then without waiting for him to do so snapped a picture. There was the familiar whirring of gears and out spat a blackened photo, which Jamie handed to Paul. "Here you go. You're next Ryan." 

"Hold on a sec," Ryan said as he stood up, stumbled a little from the alcohol, then picked u his glass in his right hand. He then held that out in front of him, turned to the side, put one leg up on the coffee table and struck a Captain Morgan pose. Everyone got a laugh as Jamie snapped the picture and handed it Ryan. 

"Your turn Bri." Jamie said swinging the camera in her direction. 

"Hang on, I've almost got the board set up...there done, now," she said as she smiled cocked her head sideways and held up both hands with peace signs next to her face. Click and another photo was handed across the table. 

"My turn now. Take my picture honey." She thrust the camera into Paul's hands and then scooted backwards on the couch. Then getting on her hands and knees she leaned towards him one arm holding herself up while the other blew him a kiss. Paul snapped the picture. 

"Oooo, I can't wait to see how that came out." she said crawling forward and falling on Paul their lips locking as she gave him a drunken kiss. 

"Uh guys, other people in the room you know." Ryan said then both he and Brianna laughed. 

"Oh come now, it's not like you haven't seen it before Ry." Jamie said as she got up off of Paul and took her picture from the camera. By now the picture had almost completely developed as had the rest of the photos and so they set them on the game board. 

It was the first time Paul had actually looked at the game board and it looked like any typical board game. Spaces, cards, "Lose a Turn," "Take an Extra Turn," those kinds of things were littered across the board. His eyes were drawn to a particular spot where the board split into two paths: "If female go North, if Male go South." Well that's a little weird isn't it? Paul thought, but didn't have time as Jamie grabbed for the dice. 

"Let's roll to see who goes first!" She said tossing the die across the table. It landed on a five. "Yes looks like I'm going first." 

"Not so fast," Ryan said taking the die and giving it a toss, only to see it come up a two. Brianna took it next and rolled a four, and Paul rolled it last getting a solid one. 

"Wooo, girls rule!" Jamie yelled as she grabbed the die in one hand and gave Brianna a high five with the other. "Now let's get this party started." She said throwing the die again, and the game was on. 

*** 

"Two really." Jamie said as the die came up. Sighing she moved forward two spaces to "Draw an Argument Card" and picked one from the pile and began reading, "Everyone is allowed to ask you a question to which you must answer truthfully. Well, ask away people." 

"How drunk are you right now?" Ryan blurted out laughing. 

"I'm very drunk, I doubt I could even walk right now." Jamie said with a smile. 

"What is your favorite color?" Paul said reciting the Monty Python line. 

"Green." She said. That's funny, Paul thought, she always told me it was blue. 

"How big are your breasts?" 

Both Ryan and Paul turned to Brianna who was smiling at Jamie. 

"I'm a 32D bra size and my nipples are half an inch when I'm aroused." Jamie said shrugging. 

"Bri what are you doing asking something like that?" Ryan asked with a puzzled look on his face. 

"What, she had to answer truthfully and I wanted to know." Brianna said with a smile. Then she picked up the die and tossed it. "Six yes!" Brianna said as she moved forward and drew two Argument Cards and read the first one aloud, "Choose a body part, until your next turn all drawn cards that target a specific part target that part. Hmmm, I think I'll choose penises." 

Paul found himself staring at Brianna, and he figured everyone else was too. Unfortunately she didn't seem to notice, as Brianna smiled and read the second card, "You may ask any one player 3 questions to which they must answer truthfully." She looked around and focused on Paul. "So Paul, how long have you and Jamie been together?" 

"Two years." Paul heard himself answering. 

"What is the first thing you look at on a woman?" 

"Her breasts." 

"How big is your penis?" 

"Six inches erect two inches wide." 

What the hell just happened? Paul thought as he found himself staring blankly at Brianna who for her part had a huge smile on her face. Why did I just tell her all that? And why was she asking questions like that? 

"Wow man, never knew you were so forthcoming." Ryan said with a smile as he grabbed the dice. "Four, alright time to draw one of these Alteration Cards," Ryan said as he grabbed a card and then read it aloud, "Choose one body part you own and roll the die. If a 1 is rolled shrink by 50%. If 2 or 3 shrink by 25%. If 4 or 5 double in size. If 6 quadruple in size. Well, seeing as Brianna chose for us already I guess I just have to roll...three, damn ah well. Not like it will really do anything though." He said with a laugh. 

Paul thought he saw a wicked smile flash across Brianna's face, but it was gone so fast he couldn't be sure it was really there. Anyways, it was his turn regardless so he picked up the dice and rolled it. "Three, so that means I draw an Alteration Card." Paul said as he picked up another card from the pile. "Choose a body part you own, it doubles in size." 

"Mmmm, wouldn't that be nice," He heard Jamie say beside him, "You with a cock twice as big imagine all the fun we'd have." 

"Ya, I'm sure if I didn't split you in two with it," Paul said laughing as he put the card back on the bottom of the pile. "This is a pretty strange game Brianna." 

"Please call me Bri, and I know it's a little weird at first but you get used to it." She said as she gestured for Jamie to grab the die. Jamie reached forward to pick up the die and Paul got a good glimpse of her cleavage and found his body suddenly heating up. But it was focused, and he wrinkled his brow in confusion. It feels like something is creeping down my leg. He looked down and saw nothing overtly out of place and simply adjusted himself on the couch. 

"Six yes-Oh no I lose a turn." She sat back on the couch and crossed her arms across her chest in a fake pout. 

"It's ok Jamie, I'm sure you'll catch up." Bri said as she grabbed the dice and rolled a four. "Hmm, an Alteration Card, and it says choose one rule to be applied to the rest of the game. I know, I'll make a rule that everyone has to treat this game the same way that I do." 

"And that is?" Paul asked. 

"A chance to live out your sexual fantasies of course." 

Everyone was silent. Paul finally broke free first, "What did you just say?" 

"That's what I think this game is for, living out sexual fantasies that you couldn't otherwise experience." Then she smiled, "You can't tell me that you didn't notice that monster you now have between your legs." 

Paul was suddenly very aware of the eyes in the room looking down at his crotch area. 

"Oh honey, would you look at that!" Jamie said shocked. 

Paul hesitated and looked down himself. There was a noticeable bulge in his pants, and he found himself reaching down to touch it. Jamie's hand reached it first and gave it a squeeze and confirmed what he had been thinking. 

"Oh my GOD Paul, it's huge!" Jamie exclaimed and before he could resist she had his fly down and unbuttoned his boxers to pull out is now six inch flaccid penis. "This is unbelievable." 

"Yes it is, now change it back and we're leaving." Paul said to Brianna who was sitting there smiling. 

"I can't, well not intentionally, you have to finish the game." And then she put that wicked smirk on her face and leaned forward, "But isn't that what all guys want? A larger penis. Aren't you living out your fantasy." 

"Well yes, but-" 

"No 'buts'," Brianna said as she passed the die to Ryan, "I made a rule that we're all here to live out our sexual fantasies and indulge in them so let the fun begin." 

Ryan looked a little skeptical as he tossed the die. He rolled a five placing him on an empty space. Paul then took the die and rolled a four landing on another empty space. And since Jamie had lost her turn Brianna grabbed the die from the table and rolled. 

"A three nice, that means I get to draw one Argument Card, and then one Alteration Card." She said drawing an Argument Card and reading it aloud, "Choose two players and a body part and swap the sizes. Well, I don't think it's fair that my boyfriend should be the least hung, so why don't Paul and Ryan switch cock sizes." She said and immediately all eyes turned to Paul's visible penis as it began to shrink back into his groin. It grew smaller and smaller until it was only two inches. To Paul it looked remarkably small compared to the massive amount of meat he had earlier. 

Looking up he saw that Jamie's eyes were no longer on him, but on Ryan's pants as it struggled to contain the new size within them. He wasn't sure what the feeling was that was now coursing through him as he looked at his girlfriend's staring at his best friend's bulge, but he didn't have much time to think about it as Brianna's voice broke through the silence. 

"And now for my Alteration Card...ooo, this will be fun." She said as she looked at Ryan, "Well honey, the card says I can exchange any body part with that of another player, and I have a confession to make...I've always wanted to see what it's like to have a penis. But don't worry, I'll trade you my pussy, and here's the best part they both double in size after the transfer." 

"Wait a minute what do you mean I—oh God," Ryan began to say as he suddenly curled up on the couch hands on his crotch. When he sat back up his face was a mask of horror as he suddenly stood up and undid his belt. His pants dropped to the ground as Jamie and Paul watched in awe as the bulge within his boxers still stayed the same size only the shape was noticeably different. When he pulled the band forward he reached hesitantly down into his boxers and shook visibly as his hands probed the area. 
