 Arguments & Alterations: The Partners Expansion Pack 

By: Ragnarok385 

"Hey Bri, what's for dinner tonight?" 

"There's a pot roast in the oven Ryan!" Came the call from the bedroom. "Can you get it for me?" 

"Sure," Ryan said getting to his feet and walking into the kitchen of his girlfriend's apartment. Grabbing some oven mitts he bent over the stove and removed the pot roast. No sooner had he set the roast down on the counter top when he felt a sharp slap on his butt. 

Turning quickly he saw his girlfriend's slender frame and the devilish smile painted on her face. "Aww don't be mad Ryan, how could I resist?" 

"I thought you were in the bedroom getting ready?" Ryan sad crossing his hands over his chest. 

"I was, but then I thought to myself, what would you rather do? Get ready or stare at your boyfriend's ass without him knowing?" 

"Well he knows now," Ryan said with a smile as he set the oven mitts down next to the roast. "Grab some plates so we can dish this up." As Brianna turned to grab some plates from the far cabinet, Ryan took one large step behind her and gave her a return slap on her cute butt. 

She turned and again that devilish smile was painted on her face. "Feeling a little frisky are we tonight?" 

"You know I have been ever since we played that game a couple months back." Ryan said reaching over his girlfriend to grab a couple plates. "It's too bad Paul and Jamie had to move to California last month." 

"Well Jamie got a modeling job, and Paul is working as an personal trainer for Hollywood actors now. You can't expect them to hang around here." Brianna said grabbing some silverware from a drawer. "I mean Jamie was gorgeous before she had that growth spurt, and Paul has always been muscular so clearly he knows how to take care of himself." 

"True, true." Ryan said as he carved off a hunk of meat to put on his own plate. "But you know I kinda have the urge to play again." 

"I know what you mean," Brianna said as she grabbed her plate and brought it to the table. "I kinda want to know what happens when you win. I mean I've played twice and never won." 

"You know it's not all about winning," Ryan said with a smile, "especially with that game." 

Brianna's face lit up in a huge smile as she remembered their last game here in this apartment. "That's for sure. Too bad it requires at least three people." 

"You know," Brianna began as she stopped to take a drink, "I bet I could find some of my friends who would be willing to play." She paused for a second than beamed, "Actually I know Liz and Jessi just came home for a little bit before they head off on their cruise. I'm sure they'd be willing to play since it was Liz who showed me the game in the first place." 

"Well, can't hurt to ask can it?" Ryan said as he chewed some more of his food. 

"Nope it can't," Brianna said taking the last bite of her bread as she got up from the table. Ryan watched as his girlfriend's ass disappeared behind the bar countertop and then heard her sigh. Ryan was about to get up and join her in putting away the dishes when his fork fell from the table. He set his plate down and kneeled under the table to get the utensil. 

When he looked back up he was starring at his girlfriend who was now topless and walking towards him. Smiling he stood and she wrapped her arms about his neck, her soft flesh pressed up against his shirt. "You know we don't have time for this Bri, we're going to be late for the movie." 

"I didn't really want to see it anyways," Bri said as she slowly let her hand slide down Ryan's back and cup a handful of his lean ass. "Besides wouldn't you rather spend the night with me, alone. All this talk of the board game has reminded me of the last time we played, and how I never got to do what I always wanted." 

Ryan chuckled as he felt her hand move around to the front of his groin and gently massage his package through the sweatpants he was wearing. "I suppose I didn't really want to see it either," He said leaning down to pick up his girlfriend who instinctively wrapped her legs around his waist. "But on one condition, you tell Joe why we didn't make it again." 

"Deal," She said as they locked lips. "Now let's get you into something more comfortable." 

*** 

"So what did you drag me all the way out here for?" Ryan said as he found himself struggling to keep up with his smaller girlfriend. Tree limbs and branches snagged at his clothing and every now and then he had to duck a playful branch pulled aside by Bri on their tramping through the woods. 

"We're almost there," she said ahead of him scrambling up a final slope. Ryan's head burst from the undergrowth and onto what looked like a wide open field. The grass seemed to stretch on endlessly as Ryan pulled himself up the slope to stand next to Bri. 

"So what exactly are we doing here?" Ryan asked still confused. 

"We're having a picnic with Jessi and Liz," she said as she set down the backpack she was carrying. Reaching into it she pulled out a large cooler and a blanket, but that wasn't what caught Ryan's eye. 

"You brought the game?!" 

"Of course silly," she said smiling, "I told you they would want to play. Although Jessi is still a virgin to its charms I'm sure she'll come around-" 

"She?" Ryan cut in. "Jessi is a girl?" 

"Ya..." Brianna said raising an eyebrow, "I thought I told you Liz was gay." 

"Bi, you said Liz was bi so I just assumed..." He said as his voice trailed off. "Never mind." 

"What's the problem Ryan?" Bri said trying hard not to laugh. 

"It's just I'll be the only guy." 

Now she really did laugh, "Honey you're about to play a size game with three girls," she slid up next to him and kissed his ear before continuing. "Most guys would kill to be you right now." 

"I suppose you have a point there," Ryan said smiling slightly, "guess it'll just be a little weird at first you know? I mean I don't know either of them like I knew Paul and Jamie." 

"Oh don't worry about that," Bri said grabbing the blanket and laying it out on the open grass. "You'll like them I prom-" 

"HEY SEXY!" 

Ryan and Bri both turned to see a pair of young women walking toward them from out in the field. Brianna for her part rushed over to wrap the one on the left in a huge hug, and after a short introduction and a smile she did the same with the girl on the right. Ryan stood his ground as the three girls approached and he marveled at how different they all were. 

"Liz, Jessi, this is my boyfriend Ryan." 

"Pleased to meet you," Said the one Bri had identified as Liz. She was shorter than Bri, although not by much, but she had slightly more in the way of curves than Bri did. 

"Likewise," Ryan said as he turned to the other girl, "You must be Jessi then, nice to finally put a name to the face." 

Ryan was completely taken aback as the girl blushed furiously, "It's...uh, n-n-nice to meet you too." 

Liz let out a laugh, "Oh come on Jessi you promised you wouldn't be like that. No sense getting all flustered just because a guy talks to you." Liz walked over and wrapped her arms around the larger girl's neck and pulled her down to give her a big kiss. "Even if it is wicked cute." 

Jessi stood back up and Ryan remarked at how tall she was when compared with both Brianna and Liz, despite only coming up to his shoulder. Where Liz was curvy, Jessi looked less so, but she also looked like she was built for running with her lean arms and hair cropped short. 

"Well, did you bring the camping table I asked you to?" Bri said breaking the small silence. 

"Of course I did," Liz said as she set her pack down, and removed a folding table from its confines. 

"Sweet I'll get the chairs we brought," Bri said as she rushed over to wear Ryan had left them shouting over her shoulder, "Ry, you and Jessi start setting up the food!" 

Ryan smiled again at Jessi, who although she did well to hide it blushed again, and Ryan couldn't help but laugh a little. He saw Jessi smile back and chuckle a little, and together the two of them began setting out the spread. 

*** 

"Whew, that was good." Liz said leaning back heavily in her folding chair. "So what do we owe this pleasure my dear?" 

"Well I thought you might like to play another round of Arguments & Alterations," Brianna said with a wink, "Seeing as you didn't win that first game we played." 

"Ya that stupid bitch Danielle did didn't she? Went and dropped out of college and married that cruise ship captain if I remember correctly. Oh and got herself a super-boob job at the same time," Liz said laughing, "guess she liked what happened to her that night." 

"If I remember correctly you did too," Brianna said with a sly smile. 

"Ummm...what's Arguments and Alterations?" Jessi asked from her seat across the table. 

"It's a board game," Liz said putting her hand on Jessi's leg and turning her head to Brianna, "And we're playing." 

"Well, you heard her Ryan go grab it!" Brianna said pushing her boyfriend's arm nearly causing him to fall out of his chair. 

"Alright, alright I got it," He said laughing as he walked over to the bag and removed the box. Looking at the cover he noticed that instead of last time when it had read simply Arguments & Alterations now the title read Arguments & Alterations: The Partners Expansion Pack. 

"Huh, weird," Ryan said as he set the box down on the table and watched as Brianna removed the lid without so much as a second glance. Well guess it's just me then, Ryan thought as he took his seat. 

"So, um, how do you play?" Jessi asked as the other two girls set up the board. 

"Simple you roll the dice, pick up cards and do what they say." Liz said as she placed the deck of Argument Cards down. "I'll help you through it so don't worry babe." 

"Alright time to see who goes first," Brianna said rolling the die. She watched it come up 6. "Score I go first!" 

"Eh, not so fast honey," Ryan said tossing the die only to see it come up with a 3. 

"You were saying?" 

"Shut up," Ryan said playfully handing the die to Liz who promptly gave it a toss. 

"Ouch a 1, well best to get those out now." She said handing Jessi the dice. The quiet girl gave it a toss and saw it come a six. "So does that mean we roll again?" 

"No, you can go first," Bri said waving her hand, "We'll let the newbie go first." 

"Alright, well I guess I'll roll again," she said picking up the dice. 

"WAIT!" Liz screamed as she stood up and searched the box. "We almost forgot to take pictures!" 

She rounded on Ryan and snapped a quick photo leaving him still blinking back the stars. She turned to Bri who stuck out her tongue in mock defiance. Turning to Jessi she smiled and took a photo of the bewildered girl before finally holding the camera out at arm's length and snapping a quick photo of her face. 

"There, now we can play," she said as she took her photo and laid it on the START space with Ryan's and Bri's. Jessi still held onto hers almost in awe, "It's been forever since I've seen one of these." 

"Well that counts as your game piece so put it down on the START and give us a roll to get going." Ryan said smiling. 

Jessi nodded, placing her picture on the space and rolled the die. "Aww, I got a 1," she said frowning as she moved forward that one space. "So now I take one of these?" 

"Yep, and tell us what it says," Liz nodded encouragingly. 

"It says: Choose one body part. Double the size of the selected part on all players. So, um...what does that mean?" 

"It means exactly what it says babe, pick any body part and it'll double in size." Liz said encouragingly. 

"Really?" 

"Yep!" Brianna said with a wicked grin. "If you've always wanted something like bigger breasts, well now you can have them, and everyone else too." 

"No...I don't really-" 

"Why don't you try something safe then Jessi?" Ryan suggested. 

"Ya, hmmm, how about hair." She said looking over at Liz. "I know how much you like me with longer hair-oh wow! Liz look at your hair!" She shouted. 

Sure enough Ryan felt what he saw happening to the other girls. Liz's blonde hair had started at shoulder length and was now hanging well down into the small of her back. He turned to watch as Jessi gasped and grasped at her short black hair that was now hanging down to her shoulders, her bangs covering her eyes. 

"Gee thanks," came Bri's reply as Ryan turned to see his girlfriend's brown hair was now cupping in the chair behind her and flowing down freely over her shoulders. He had told her to cut it since it was already down to the middle of her back, but now if she stood up it was probably down to her knees. 

"Told you to cut it." Ryan said with a smile. 

"Enough from you mop-top," Bri said a chuckle escaping her as she picked up the dice. "Alright here we go...Alright a 4, that means an Alteration card for me." She said as she drew the card. " Choose a body part you own, it doubles in size," She looked around at the others and smiled, "You know since I mentioned tits, I think I could do with a larger pair." 

Ryan turned and watched as slowly but surely the hair parted to the side and the sweatshirt she had on began to unzip from the top as more flesh began to fill the empty spaces. All in all her breasts now looked slightly larger than grapefruits as she reached up to heft her new mounds. "Mmmm, that growth still feels exactly like I remember it." 

"Oh my God! Your breasts they just...Oh my God they got bigger!" Jessi exclaimed staring at Bri's chest. 

"Uh ya..." Brianna said confused, "I told you it worked, I mean," She stopped and pointed to their hair, "did you think this was some wig we all just happened to throw on?" 

"No, well, I don't know..." Jessi said sinking into her chair slightly. 

"It's ok babe," Liz said as she finished tying her hair up into a giant ponytail. "I was like that the first time I played too. But don't worry, whatever you want, whatever you think might be fun go for it babe." Then she smiled mischievously, "You might learn some new things about me too." 

"Alright I guess that makes it my turn then." Ryan said picking up the dice, and giving it a toss. "Alright a 3 that means an Alteration Card which says: Choose a body part. If it is a body part you already own it appears on you and is equivalent in size to your current part. If it is not a body part you own, it appears on you and is equivalent in size to the smallest of any player." He scratched his chin, "Hmmm this is new I don't remember this." 

"Well, make your pick," Liz said, "I want my turn." 

"Alright, alright," Ryan said looking around then suddenly, "You know what I feel outnumbered here so how about another cock to even up the odds." He shuddered slightly as he felt the familiar warmth around his crotch and suddenly felt a warm appendage sit evenly on each of his legs. 

"I like your thinking Ry," Brianna said giving him a quick wink. 

"Keep it in your pants it's only the first round." Liz said with a laugh as she picked up the die and tossed it. "Sweet a 6, now to draw my first of two Argument Cards: Go back two spaces." She groaned, "Really right now?" She moved her picture back until it was on the same spot as Brianna. "Alright and for my second trick...Oh great: You are the subject of all Alteration Cards drawn until your next turn." Turning to the rest of them she said, "Well, looks like I'll be changing early and often this game." 

"Don't worry, I'll be sure to pick something you'll like," Jessi said as she tossed the dice. "Well, alright I got a 3, so I guess I join the rest of you and hopefully the card isn't too bad..." She drew the card and gasped. 

"Well read it and get it over with," Liz said. 

" If you started the game as male: You grow a pair of breasts equal in size to the smallest of any player. If you started the game as female: You grow a penis equal in size to the smallest of any player. I'm really sorry Liz-" 

"Don't be," Liz said with a slight moan, "I have a small, ummfff, confession Jessi; I've always wanted to know what it's like to have sex like a man." She curled over slightly and within seconds she was sitting upright again. With a huge grin she looked at Jessi and said, "And now I can." Unzipping her jeans she got up and turned around before sighing, "Awww shucks, and I thought you'd have more than that Ryan." 

"Hey easy on my man Liz." Brianna said picking up the dice. "He's got enough down there for you and me." She tossed the die and watched it come up a 4. "Dammit I lose a turn." 

Ryan took the dice from her pouting girlfriend and watched as Liz readjusted herself in her tight jeans, which was probably a tad more uncomfortable than he was right now. Pretending not to notice the girl's discomfort he tossed the dice. Sadly it came up a 2 and his picture landed on a blank space. 

"That was lame, three turns and all I ended up with was a cock." Liz said as she tossed the die to see a 3, which meant another blank spot. 

"You were saying," Bri said with a smirk. 

"Oh hush, you don't have a turn this time around." Liz said sticking out her tongue at Brianna. 

Jessi laughed as she picked up the dice and tossed it across the table. "A 2, I'm just crawling along in this game." She laughed as she picked up her first Argument Card," You may choose a player to be the subject of all Alteration Cards, and you may choose a player to be the subject of all Argument Cards until the end of their next turn. Hmmm, well I think I want to be the subject of all Alteration Cards, and I'll make Bri have all the Argument Cards." 

"Finally getting feisty," Liz said smiling at Jessi, "I like that." 

"I thought you would," She said handing the second Argument card to Brianna who read it aloud, " All written effects of cards are reversed until the end of your next turn. Huh, another new one." 

"Well that should make things interesting for you two," Ryan said as he tossed the dice and saw a 5 face up. "Alright that means an Alteration card for you Jessi," he said as he handed her the card. 

" Roll a die: On a 1 your partner chooses 2 parts of your body to either shrink by half or double in size. On a 2 or 3 your partner chooses one part of your body and does the same. On a 4 or 5 you choose a part of your partner's body to shrink by half or double in size. On a 6 you can choose 2 of your partner's body parts to do the same. If you do not have a partner choose a person to be your partner until end of turn. So I guess that means I have to pick my partner-" 

"No the effect is reversed so one of us gets to pick to be your partner." Liz said with a grin. "And unless there are any objections I want to take this one." 

"Go nuts," Ryan and Bri said in unison. 

"Ok, now roll Jessi." 

"Ok...I got a 1 so that means that normally you'd get to pick, but now I get to pick!" She said with glee. Then she looked deep in thought as she stared at her and a grin formed on her face. "I want you to double in size and become taller, and then I want your dick to shrink in size by half." 

"Aww, that's no fun." Liz said crossing her arms, "What's the point in being big if you don't have the equipment to go with it...Hey why is my shirt getting bigger?!" 

"Because the cards are reversed sweetie, you're going to get smaller, but not all of you if I did this right." 

Ryan and Brianna watched as Liz began to look like she was swimming in her long sleeve shirt. But Ryan's gaze traveled downwards to wear it looked like something was beginning to peak its way out from underneath her shirt. Sure enough Ryan watched as the head of his own cock appeared from beneath the folds of her shirt. Well, it looked like his dick, but it was clearly attached to the now shrunken form of Liz. 
