 Arguments & Alterations: Twins Edition 

By: Ragnarok385 

"Jesus Liz would you hurry up, we're going to miss our reservations." 

A muffled yell came from an adjacent room as Jessi quietly snickered. Turning to her guests she sighed, "I told her summer was going to come pretty quick-" 

A handbag suddenly flew in Jessi's direction eliciting a yelp in surprise as Liz's voice echoed from the other room, "If you say 'I told you so' one more time I swear I'll break up with you." 

Chuckling again, Jessi turned to her companions, "She was in denial for so long that she could have had another growth spurt, but when all your clothes don't fit anymore-" 

An exasperated scream came from the hallway followed by a slightly miffed Liz dressed in a T-shirt and mesh shorts. Liz stamped her way across the living room plopping herself down next to Jessi arms across her chest, "It's not fair. None of my dresses fit, and I can't wear yours because they're too long even if they do fit here now." Liz said grasping at her breasts, which were clearly visible underneath her taut shirt. Then turning to her guests she sighed, "Sorry guys, guess you'll have to go it without us." 

Jessi turned to look at their four companions and was once again thankful that they had chosen to sit on different couches. You'd think after knowing them for the last two years I'd be able to tell them apart, Jessi remarked as she gazed upon the two sets of twins in her presence. The first set were Chris and Darrel, well DJ as he liked to be called, and although they two were identical, there was plenty about their mannerisms to tell the two boys apart. Sadly the same couldn't have been said about the second set, Amber and Emily, who dressed and looked the same on the outside, but they were just as different on the inside as Chris and DJ were. 

The only thing that made this quartet a little odd were that Emily and DJ were dating, and had been for quite some time, but Chris and Amber were simply great friends. This led to some very awkward conversations and a whole lot of confusion whenever the quartet met some new friends, and certainly when they went out together for drinks. Needless to say, Jessi and Liz had already had those conversations and found enough different between the sets of twins to tell them apart, once they started talking that is. 

"Well, guess that means it's time for the question." Emily said looking to Amber. 

"Do we go to somewhere familiar or try some place new?" DJ said looking at Chris. 

Liz and Jessi let a small snort at this because they both knew what the pair was really asking, "Do we deal with the awkward questions or go to the same bar that was a frequent stop for the group." 

"Well, how bout this," Amber said looking at her sister, "Why don't Chris and I just hang out here while you guys go and try that new Italian place downtown?" 

"Ya, I told you earlier I wasn't really feeling like going out tonight anyways," Chris said sprawling out on the armchair, "I'm feeling lazy tonight." 

"You're always feeling lazy." 

"Shut it DJ, we can't all be track stars." 

"Well technically you could since you're practically the same person." Jessi said. 

"How many times do I have to tell you it doesn't work like that." Chris said sitting upright in the chair. 

"It's alright Chris, I'm only playing," Jessi said turning back to DJ and Emily, "Well there you have it, why don't you two go and have a night to yourselves." 

"Don't worry about these brats, we'll watch them for you," Liz said with a mischievous smile before Emily or DJ could object. 

"Well if you guys insist," DJ said putting his arm around Emily, "I'm taking the car Chris, hope you two can find your way back." 

"Are you kidding, we'll all be lucky to be sober by the time you guys even sit down to dinner." Amber said getting up from the couch. She took a couple steps towards the kitchen before turning back to Liz and Jessi, "You two do have drinks dontcha?" 

"In the fridge or in the cabinet above it," Liz said waving her off. 

"Sweet deal, anyone want anything?" 

"Alright we're getting out of here before my brother starts into the whiskey," DJ said opening the door. 

"I'd be more worried about my sister and the vodka," Emily said blowing a kiss to Jessi and Liz before walking out with DJ behind. 

No sooner had the door closed, before Chris turned to Jessi and Liz, "That was only one time and he still won't let me live it down." 

"Well you did say that you were him and ran naked around the entire campus," Liz said with a huge grin. 

"And his reputation was better for it," Chris said as he watched Amber return with a variety of bottles, "Isn't that right Amber?" 

"Well, my sister did say she was impressed by what she saw." 

"But not you?" Liz asked reaching for a glass, and some ice cubes. 

"Well I wouldn't say that," Amber said pouring herself a shot of vodka, before looking to Chris. "I just prefer a man who can hold his alcohol." 

At this everyone burst out laughing, and Chris just had to smile and say, "Touché." 

*** 

"Alright so now that we're all pretty cocked, what do you have in this place for drinking games?" Amber said swirling the glass in her hand. 

"Well there's Cards Against Humanity-" 

"Played that last night." Chris chimed in cutting Liz off. 

"Eh, we've got Monopoly, poker," Liz said continuing, "I don't have any ping pong balls so Beirut is out." 

"Is that really all we've got?" Jessi said setting her glass of rum and coke down on the table. 

"I don't know," Liz said throwing her hand up, "I'm just listing things I know we have. But you know where the game closet is, so why don't you go take a look." 

"Maybe I will." Jessi said taking a step towards the closet, and having to suddenly stop as the alcohol rushed through her system. "WHOOOOAAA, I don't suggest standing up if I were you guys." 

"What'd it do?" Amber asked from where she was lounging on the couch, legs thrown over the end of the arm. "Hit you all at once did it?" 

"Oh ya." 

"Lightweight," Chris smirked from his chair. 

"You calling my girlfriend a lightweight?" 

"Of course I am," Chris said leaning forward and locking eyes with Liz. "And to prove it I'll get up right here and show you." All eyes were on Chris as he stood up slowly, and deliberately reaching his full six foot height before taking a deep breath and bowing at the waist. "See told you." 

"Wow impressive you can stand up after only a couple drinks," Amber said sarcastically. "Honestly, I'm surprised you haven't hit your limit yet." 

"Easy over there from the peanut gallery," Chris said walking towards the alcohol table in the center of the room and grabbing the whiskey, "I've developed quite the tolerance to whiskey since that day." 

"So you say," Liz remarked, "But I'll believe it when I see it." 

"Alright enough bickering you old hags," Jessi yelled from the hallway, "I'm gonna list off the games we've got, let me know if anything catches your fancy." 

"Sorry?" 

"Nope." 

"Risk?" 

"Hell no. I ain't thinking," Amber yelled back. 

"Well there's Monopoly, and the poker chips up here...Oh Yahtzee?" 

"Eh, anything good?" Chris asked jokingly. 

Suddenly there was a squeal in from the hallway, followed by the appearance of a very excited Jessi, "We should play Arguments & Alterations!" 

Jessi could see the look on Chris and Amber's faces as the name meant nothing to them, but she could see the gears turning behind Liz's eyes. Eventually Liz asked, "Are you sure?" 

"Ya why wouldn't I be sure?" Jessi said. "It'll be fun, Amber and Chris are open minded enough for this." 

"Well I don't know..." 

"What the hell is it?" Amber asked. 

"It's a board game," Jessi said, "A board game that lets you change yourself." 

"Like D&D?" Amber said hesitantly, scrunching her face up at the idea of role-playing. 

"No nothing like that," Liz said as Amber turned to face her. "It's more...personal I guess would be a good way to put it." 

"Ah hell, why not?" Chris said jumping up to his feet, "We don't have any other ide-WHHOOAAA!" He said as he stumbled and grasped hard at the top of the couch to stay on his feet. 

"Guess that alcohol just took a little longer to kick in," Amber said smirking. Then, turning to Jessi she said, "Sure I'm game, let's play." 

"Well, alright, but if we're going to play this, we'll need somewhere to play that's not here." 

"Why's that?" 

"Well let's just say you need a large play area," Jessi said with a smile. "You should have seen Liz last time we played, she was practically-" 

"Hey, hey, hey don't spoil the fun." Liz said a smile creeping back to her lips. "But I know just the place. It should be pretty empty by now without too many visitors." 

"Alright I'll drive." Chris said making his way to the door, drink still in hand. 

"Ha ha nice one," Amber said slickly removing the glass from Chris's hand and setting it down on the table, "You're the last person I want driving." 

"Hey that was pretty smooth," Chris said looking from his hand to the glass now on the table. "You're way to sober for this game." 

"No you're just way too drunk." Liz said as she stood up and stretched. "And no one is going to be driving since it's in walking distance." She then bent over and grabbed the remainder of the margarita mix she was nursing. "Everyone grab a road soda, we're taking a walk." 

*** 

As the group emerged from the path through the tree line they could see why Liz had suggested the location. It was a small grove secluded on all sides by a thin forest of trees, thick enough so that you couldn't see in or out, but not so deep that it couldn't be walked through with ease. There was a small pond set off to the side with a bubbling brook running along the edge of the tree line filling the pond, but there was no visible exit to the body of water. There were some small hills and lush green grass that covered most everything in a soft rich carpet. 

"Well what do you think?" 

"How the hell did you find this place?" Chris asked as he walked over to the pond. 

"Well it pays to intern for the Parks and Recreation service," Liz smiled, "They tell you all the secret spots that no one really visits." 

"I'm surprised no one has found this though," Amber said looking around, "I mean it's so pretty here." 

"Ya but during the day there's no real sun cover so it gets pretty humid and hot in here, much more than a normal park." Liz said before looking at Jessi, "but it's definitely a great place to go for a much needed lover's picnic at night." 

"I bet." Amber still awed by the serenity of it all. That is until a handful of water splashed her right in the face. 

"Bull's-eye!" shouted Chris who immediately had to duck a flip-flop as it soared in his direction. 

"Dammit Chris! Go get my sandal!" 

"So you can throw it at me again?" He ducked again as the second one flew his way narrowly missing his head. 

"Now you can get both of them while we set up the game." 

Chris shook his head and trudged off to collect Amber's ammunition while the three girls went to work on setting up the table and the game board. Only a short while later Chris returned with Amber's shoes as she hastily grabbed them from him and whacked him on the arm. Shrugging it off and feigning pain Chris turned his eyes to the game board and to the stacks of cards both Liz and Jessi were shuffling. 

Taking a seat on the grass, Chris reached into the box and pulled out the last remaining items, an antique Polaroid camera, and the instruction booklet. Setting the camera on the game board, he turned to the instruction booklet, which proudly read: Arguments & Alterations: Twins Edition on the cover. 

"Twins Edition, huh," Chris said putting the book back down, "What's that supposed to mean?" 

"No idea," Jessi said before grabbing the camera. 

"No idea?" Chris repeated confused. "But I thought you said you'd-HEY!" He shouted as a bright flash swallowed up his vision. "What the hell was that for?" 

"It's your game piece," Liz said taking the photo from Jessi, "They're all custom every time." 

"Well warn me next time," Chris said as he blinked a few dozen times to get rid of the stars. The picture in his hand slowly began to materialize. Staring back at him was the clean shaven, six foot tall athletic build and black hair he was always accustomed to seeing be it on his brother or him. Although what was definitely out of place was the goofy look on his face as the photo was snapped mid-sentence, his normally hazel colored eyes reddened by the flash. "Maybe next time I'll strike a pose." 

"Like you did at that other party?" Amber said laughing as Jessi snapped a photo of her. She took the picture from Jessi and watched it develop in her hand turning from the black background to the face she saw everyday on her sister and in the mirror. Long blonde hair atop her five and a half foot frame, her blue eyes were striking even with the flash of red in them. That same blonde hair fell about her shoulders and across her blouse which covered her smallish sized breasts above a toned core and her short shorts underneath. 

"You wish." Chris said as he sat up and looked at the board. "So is one of you going to explain the rules to us newbies or is it trial by fire?" 

"It's a pretty simple game," Jessi said, snapping a picture of Liz. She then turned over the camera to her lover with a kiss before Liz snapped a photo in return. "You just do whatever the card says when you pick one up." 

"That's it?" Amber asked as she sat down cross-legged in front of the board. 

"Pretty much," Liz said as she grabbed the dice. "You'll get the hang of it." She said as she tossed the dice. "Well I got a six, anyone going to tie that?" 

"Eh, never been good at dice games," Amber said tossing the dice and seeing a five appear. 

"You're just not lucky like me," Chris said as he picked up the dice, gave it a shake and bounced it across the board to see a two roll into view. 

"Oh yes, definitely lucky there," Jessi said picking up the dice and giving it a shake before watching it show up with a one. "Well guess it's a good thing we got those out of the way early, eh Chris?" 

"Ya I'll say, especially since I'm going to win." 

"In this game everyone does a little bit of the winning," Liz said. She reached over the table and grabbed the dice before looking at Jessi a huge smile creeping onto her face, "You ready for this?" 

"Bring it." 

"I took it easy on you last time, now its payback." 

"Would you just roll already and get this party started?" Amber said rolling her eyes. 

"If you insist," Liz said with a smirk as the dice left her hand. "Two, well that means an Argument card which says: You may order a player to perform any one action." 

"So does that mean you can tell one of us to do something?" Amber asked. "What is this like Truth or Dare?" 

"Not exactly," Liz said as her face curled into a mischievous smile. "See in Truth or Dare you can choose. This time you can't choose to argue when I tell you that you have to kiss Chris." 

"Wait a minute, why would she want to-" Chris began but was cut off as Amber reached over and planted her lips on Chris's locking them closed. Chris resisted at first, but Jessi saw Amber's tongue dart into Chris's mouth and soon he was returning the embrace. 

Jessi and Liz looked at each other and nearly burst out laughing before reigning themselves in Jessi politely clearing her throat as their companions suddenly realized themselves. With a flurry of movement, Amber backed off of Chris, while Chris simply sat there stunned, his mind not fully registering what had happened. 

"So like I said, it's a little bit more intense than that." 

"So you just ordered her to do that to me?" Chris said finally finding his voice. 

"Well she ordered Amber to kiss you," Jessi said with a chuckle, "Amber stuck her tongue down your throat all on her own." 

"Wait-what, I don't-" Chris stuttered as he looked from a blushing Amber to the other two smiling girls. 

"You'll get the hang of it," Jessi said as she picked up the dice, and tossed it across the table watching it land on a four. "Well I'm starting out the game on a lame note." She said as she moved her picture to the blank square. "Your turn now Chris." 

"So I just roll and do whatever the card says?" 

"Yep, pretty simple." Liz said. 

"Alright well here goes nothing," he said as he gave the dice a toss. "A three so that means I draw an Argument Card which says: Everyone is allowed to ask you a question to which you must answer truthfully." 

"So did you like that kiss Amber gave you?" Liz asked immediately. 

"Well ya she's probably one of the better kissers I've kissed." Chris heard himself say surprise creeping into his face after he finished speaking. "Why did I just say that?" 

"Don't worry about it," Jessi said a huge grin forming on her face, "So do you like Amber?" 

"I've liked Amber for years, I mean we hang out all the time and she's very attractive-" 

"So why haven't you ever asked me out?" Amber said quietly from Chris's side. 

Chris's jaw hung down loosely for a minute as he stared, shocked at Amber. Then just as before his mouth began to spit out the answer, "I haven't asked you out because it would be weird if both my brother and I were dating you and your sister. We get enough looks as it is, so I've been trying to convince myself for a while now that you're not the girl for me." As he finished talking his eyes grew even wider, amazed at his confession and the sheer blunt truth of it. 

In order to break the awkward silence that crept its way into the game, Liz cleared her throat and picked up the dice holding them out for Amber. "Uh, Amber, it's your turn now-" 

"Was that true?" Amber blurted out ignoring Liz's outstretched hand. 

"Well, it kinda had to be," Jessi said shrugging her shoulders, "it's what the card said." 

As if seeing Liz's hand for the first time, Amber reached out to take the dice from it before turning back to Chris, "That's a dumb ass reason I hope you know!" 

"Well it would be weird," Chris said blush creeping into his cheeks. "I mean your sister and my brother have been dating for a while now, and I just thought it would be-" 

"I liked you first!" Amber shouted as she tossed the dice across the table. "It's so not fair. All this time I thought I wasn't your type or something." 

"Well maybe you can do something about it now," Liz said as she gestured to the six that Amber had just rolled. "That's an Alteration card for you." 

"Ooo, those are the fun ones," Jessi said practically jumping up and down, "What's it say?" 

Reaching for the pile Amber picked up the top card to read, "Choose one body part. Double the size of the selected part on all players. So does that mean what I think it means?" 

"Yep pick something it grows bigger." Jessi said. 

"Well, only if you have it to begin with," Liz clarified, "Also you can pick things like muscles, height," turning to Jessi and smiling, "hair." 

"Hey I was a newbie!" Jessi said blushing, "I didn't want to do anything crazy yet." 

"Breasts." Amber said as she listened to the sudden silence. And as she looked from eyes to eyes she found herself blushing, "What? All guys like big boobs don't they?" She brought her hands up to her own chest, "And I'm not exactly stacked heeeeeerrrrrreeee-" She meant to say but found herself moaning slightly before she could even finish the first syllable. A wave of heat welled up from inside her body as she grasped hard at her breasts. And doing so she noticed that for some reason they were becoming harder and harder to hold. Looking down she could hardly believe her own eyes as there in her hands, her breasts were swelling up like water balloons attached to a faucet, expanding across her hands. With an exclamation of glee she watched as the blouse she was wearing suddenly tightened across her now swelling chest, and within moments she had genuine cleavage. 
