 In a two-person flight crew there were few secrets, which was why Arky Del preferred to fly with a female co-pilot on long trips. She turned up the music a bit more, trying to drown out the sound of her co-pilot masturbating noisily in the next cabin. 

Petal wasn't exactly oversexed, but like most of us she had an internal timer that told her when it was too long since she'd had sex. Apparently her alarm clock had gone off that day.

Arky wondered idly whether she had the power to order her not to play with herself during flight. The official pilots' handbook was silent on the topic.

"Oh god, yes, oh shit... ooh aaaaah!"

It shouldn't be long now, thought Arky as she ran through the checklist for a second time. Sure enough, a couple of minutes later Petal Smith appeared in the control room; she was neatly dressed and only her flushed appearance suggested she'd just had a screaming orgasm. That, and the contented sigh she gave as she relaxed back into her seat.

"Ready?" Arky said dryly, and Petal made a face at her. She ran over the control board expertly. Everything was in the green. 

"Coming out of warp" said Arky and threw a switch. There was a silent {CRASH!} that made every atom of the ship shudder and they were back in normal space, a dark planet looming overhead. For a split-second Arky had a twinge of vertigo, then her mind reassured her that they weren't actually falling.

"Menos Control, this is 806," said Arky briskly and soon they were sinking towards the brightly lit landing field outside their destination. There was a whirring noise and the landing gear clicked happily. 

Petal watched the ground car trundle towards them. It was a clear day on Menos, which meant that visibility was about as good as a foggy day in London. "This could be embarrassing," she mused. 

Arky grunted. That would be true in most cases. Their passenger was somebody they'd met before. In fact the first time they'd seen her, she was being fucked senseless in the back of the aircraft Arky and Petal had been piloting. But that's another story. 

The entry hatch swung open and Arky composed herself. "Hello Eve," she said as their passenger entered. Eve was not easy to forget – not only was her skin slightly greenish in color, but she towered head and shoulders over everybody else on the planet. She was, in fact, an android engineered to live on Menos. 

Arky had gotten to know her a little better after that hair-raising flight, though conversation was not Eve's strong point. Chatting was not one of the design parameters that her creators had worked from. 

"Hello friend," said Eve. "Long journey now." 

"Yes, a long trip back to Earth," nodded Arky. "Are you looking forward to visiting your – er – birthplace?"

"Many years ago. All changed. There and me." She shrugged. "Interesting maybe." 

Petal was blushing a little. She couldn't help but picture Eve stretched out being serviced by two frantic males battling to keep up with her sexually. It was not a sight that you soon forgot. 

They settled Eve into a passenger cabin along with her meagre luggage, then returned to the flight deck. While the countdown ticked away automatically, Petal broke the silence. "What's going to happen to her?"

"I suppose they'll assess her abilities as a planetary explorer. She handled Menos all right." 

"No, I mean – is she a person? What if she wants to leave and the Company wants her to stay? What then?"

Arky drummed her fingers on the console for a moment before replying. "Those are big questions. Maybe we should just fly this bus and think about that later." 

Petal clicked her tongue, but went back to her checklist. Everything went off without a hitch and soon the planet Menos was receding into the starfield in the distance. 

Three hours later, there was a sudden howl from one of the alarms. Arky yipped in surprise and her eyes widened. "Shut down Main 1 and Main 2!" she rapped. 

Petal looked stunned but complied. She obviously had doubts about the wisdom of shutting down both engines in the middle of interstellar space, but Arky was in charge. 

"Coil jammers," explained Arky. "Somebody is trying to blow out our engines. And they can't be far away." She reached for the arms cupboard but it was already too late. There was the muzzy feeling that comes from a paralysis ray, and both women folded up like marionettes whose strings had been cut. Nobody was awake when the pirates cut their way through the hatch and disabled the security systems. 

Arky woke up with a headache, but she soon realised that was the least of her worries. She was stretched out like a starfish on one of the tables in the Sick Bay, her arms and legs in restraints. Turning her head to the left she could see Petal on the other table.

She swivelled her head to the right and tried to make out the figures ransacking the medical supplies in the annexe. They had removed the helmets on their space helmets and she could just about make out their features. Firakonto.

She sighed to herself. This was not good. 

"This is such a cliché," whispered Petal. "We've been kidnapped by aliens who want to perform medical experiments on us."

"Don't know if the experiments they have in mind are what I'd call medical," Arky whispered back. She didn't need to elaborate. Both women were nude and completely helpless. That usually meant trouble in any language. 

The pirates came in to the Sick Bay and glared at their captives. One candid explorer had described the Firakonto as resembling a cross between parrots and orang-utans but without the good features of either.

A thought struck Petal. "Hey, where's Eve?"

The pirate grunted. "Green-skinned woman? She is locked in cabin. Worth much money to our employer. But you two ..." He gave an unpleasant laugh. "Not worth much."

With a sinking feeling, Arky watched him begin to shed the spacesuit. Like many species, the Firakonto didn't wear much in the way of clothing and she could see he was unmistakably male. His shaggy colleague stripped off too and the two pirates began examining their captives. 

One fondled Petal in the crutch with insulting familiarity and she let out an indignant cry. His response was to mutter something in the ear of his colleague, presumably a dirty joke the way the other started laughing and leering at Arky.

His genitals were close to Arky's face, and she did not enjoy the sight. He had a thick penis and the head of it was crowned with something that looked like a sea anemone. As she watched with revulsion, the fronds on its tip began to wave around as though the tide were going out. 

The pirate leered down at her. "You like? Here, try it out. Earth women don't know what they're missing with your skinny menfolk." He moved closer and to Arky's horror he grasped her jaw and held her mouth open. 

She just had time to shout "Don't you... mmmph" and the head of his inhuman dick was thrust into her mouth. It was a grotesque experience. The fronds moved around independently of the cock, and Arky thought at first she was going to vomit with the sensation of something moving all over the inside of her mouth.

"Leave her alone, you bastard!" yelled Petal, pulling helplessly against her bonds. For the moment she ignored the second man, who was inspecting her jiggling bosom with the interest of somebody who had never seen mammary glands on this scale before. He pinched a nipple. "Ouch!" 

Arky thought she was going to choke. The alien sex organ had obviously evolved for a female with very different attributes to a human and she doubted they were compatible. Unfortunately that wasn't going to stop these two trying. Finally he pulled out and she drew in a deep breath. 

"You be with Firakonto and you never want another earthman," said her captor smugly. He was manoeuvring himself between her legs and Arky could see the fronds waving around excitedly as he positioned himself over her.

There was no good in tensing up and trying to keep him out, thought Arky glumly. These two were quite capable of knocking them out and having sex with their unconscious bodies. Better to relax her muscles if possible and minimise any damage to herself. All this common sense evaporated the second Arky felt the alien thrust into her. "Shiiiit..." she groaned. 

The pirate pushed himself into her with little consideration. Arky felt herself being filled up by his sizeable organ. He retreated a little, then thrust in again, giving a satisfied sigh as his plunging manhood was enveloped in her tight moist sheath. 

There was a cry of mingled pain and shock from her left and she realised that Petal's captor had similarly gotten down to business. There was the familiar smack-smack sound of penetration from both tables, mixed with the groan of the two women and the excited grunting of the two aliens. 

Part of Arky's mind was sitting back taking notes. The alien's penis was not that much larger than some human men, but the shape of it made all the difference. It felt like there were fingers tickling her from the inside with each thrust in or out, fleshy little protuberances that were slowly driving her insane. 

"Arky," groaned Petal. "I can't stand it much longer." She grunted as her partner thrust in again and held it for a second before retreating. "I can't hold off much more."

The other woman didn't need to ask what she meant. To her dismay she could feel the tell-tale stirrings of arousal in herself. The alien's crude battering-ram style of sex was one thing, but the delicate fringes around their cocks were having an effect similar to that of a top-of-the-range marital aid. Arky had never wanted to climax less, but her body was rapidly spinning out of control. 

Their captors could see the two women were running out of time. "See," said Arky's captor. "Much better than earthman." He redoubled his efforts and Arky groaned helplessly under the punishing thrusts. Every motion was rapidly driving her to the brink. 

She tried biting her lip. Reciting multiplication tables was an old trick, but it didn't seem to help. She imagined her stern Aunt Gladys at her side, frowning disapprovingly. Nothing seemed to help. It was as though her body was on fire.

"Damn you!" she screamed. Her eyes narrowed and her breath came in strained gasps. Up and down her ravaged pussy, vibrant fingers of pure fire pulsed. It was no good. She couldn't help herself. 

"Aaaaaah," she wailed. Despite the restraints her legs convulsed, driving her body an inch upwards, pushing the invading member even deeper into her trembling cleft. "Uh! Uh! Gaaaaaah..." She moaned out the involuntary climax, shaking as her body revelled in a moment of pure mindless ecstasy. 

Petal couldn't help but look over at Arky's contorted face as her screams of passion filled the Sick Bay. The alien wasn't slowing down, he was thrusting into her just as fast as ever. How long can these guys keep this up, Petal wondered. They'll kill us if they go on at this speed. 

Then her own orgasm hit, and her face twisted into a silent scream as the breath rushed out of her body. This was like the first time she'd used a vibrator and had ignorantly turned it on to full power. Unbearable pleasure pulsed through her body. The difference here was that she couldn't snatch the vibrator away from her over-stimulated clitoris. 

The smug face of her captor filled her vision, watching her in the throes of delight as he hammered his inhumanly large cock into her tight slit. Petal wondered how many orgasms it would take before she passed out. If she could reach him, she thought, she'd rip out his ugly throat with her teeth...

The blood was singing in her ears, but over her heartbeat she heard something else. Something like a loud roar. Suddenly the face of her tormentor vanished. He appeared, dangling in mid-air with a large hand wrapped around his throat. A greenish-hued hand. 

Eve snatched up the two Firakonto and dashed their heads together. This had the usual effect it has on most species and both pirates fell to the floor motionless as soon as the giant android released them. 

"Sorry for wait," Eve grunted. "Cabin door stronger than I thought." She scowled. "Little hairy men not bother you." It turned out that Eve had gone through the ship and made short work of the pirates. The screams of pleasure from the two pilots had alerted her to their whereabouts and she had briskly dispatched their two assailants. 

Freed from her restraints, Arky tried to stand up and fell. Eve caught her and said with concern "Hurt you?" Arky shook her head. It was too complicated to explain that her legs wouldn't hold her because they were still trembling from the aftermath of multiple orgasms. 

She and Petal sat together on the couch while Eve solicitously draped a blanket over their shoulders. "I guess this balances it out," she whispered to Petal. This well and truly cancels our any embarrassment from our memories of Eve being screwed in front of us, she though. 

An awful thought struck her. When she returned to the control room, she must blank out the Black Box recorder. The last thing she wanted was to have her endless screams of pleasure become part of the official record at an Admiralty Board of Enquiry.

Then her eyelids fluttered and her exhausted body slept. Petal was already dozing with her head on Arky's shoulder. Eve looked at them for a moment, then went off to look for another blanket.