 There were few sorts of spaceship that Arky Del didn't know like the back of her hand, but it turned out that she had over-estimated her knowledge of the M'na long-range starships. The ship had only been in flight a few hours when the pilot detected her presence and discovered her hiding place.

The M'na pilot was an imposing figure, a tall semi-reptilian figure whose skin shone like oiled metal under the ship's lights. Humans had never been able to master his language, but apart from the occasional hissing sound the M'na spoke almost perfect English. 

He looked down at Arky, who stood about 5'1" in her socks, and said formally: "You are unauthorized on this (hiss) space craft. My rule book states I can leave you at any port of call I visit."

"But..."

"You have no rights in this (hiss) matter."

Arky bit her lip and said nothing. It was obviously no use going into the long involved story of how she had become separated from her ship out past the Semayan system boundaries. But she suspected that there was a "but" coming at the end of the alien pilot's speech. 

"But I have discretionary powers. It is possible that I could allow you to accompany me to our final destination on Turl Prime when we reach the Boldan system."

Yes! Arky's heart leapt. It would be easy to pick up a freighter from that system heading earthwards. She tried not to show any emotion, since she wasn't sure how well individual aliens could read human faces. Instead she said in a calm voice "That would be a good thing for me. If it is not an inconvenience for you, I would be happy to travel with you."

The pilot - his name was either Nelf or Nelth, she wasn't sure which - looked at her, blinked once and said apparently as a matter of intellectual interest "The M'na always have two pilots on their ships. I am alone on this run."

Arky looked at him suspiciously. "Yes, and...?"

"It would be useful to have another pair of hands. But also I am in need of companionship."

"Oho!" thought Arky to herself. Now it all started to make sense. She just wasn't used to being hit on by a horny truck-driver who looked like one of the lizard men in Flash Gordon.

Aloud she said, "I guess we're not talking about tiddlywinks here, captain, are we?"

"Pardon?"

"Disregard. A cultural reference. I meant that I was inferring a more intimate relationship would exist between us."

"Yes. This (hiss) would mean you would take the place of my mate for the three weeks it will take us to reach Turl Prime."

"That's 'mate' in a biological sense rather than a nautical one?"

"Correct." He blinked at her again. 

Arky sighed to herself. Her choice was either to be abandoned on some backwater planet or to submit to the attentions of a being that looked like the first Komodo Dragon to graduate from West Point. She didn't have a lot of options here - she knew of too many people who'd strayed off the shipping lanes and had simply disappeared forever. 

It wasn't as though she'd never traded sex for an advantage before. When she'd first been marooned, she'd even taken a job in a Zalang brothel for a week. The Zalangs were like morose teddy bears and her sexual availability had been nothing more than a novelty - the local males had all visited her once, then gone back to their more compatible lady friends. But she suspected that mating with a M'na officer would have little in common with the frantic fumblings of a curious Zalang. 

"All right," she said at last. "You take me safely to Turl where I can get passage home, and I'll be -- accommodating. So long as you don't want anything that harms me physically, I'll do my best to play along. OK?"

He nodded, a gesture he had obviously learned from human space travelers. "You may (hiss) assist me on the flight deck by day. Our other business will be reserved for later." He blinked for a moment, and then added, "On the flight deck I shall treat you as a I would a fellow M'na."

Arky could see that the M'na were as proper and correct as she had heard they were. She almost expected an engraved invitation saying "The Captain requests the pleasure of your company in his bed at 1900 hours."

By ship's time it was still midday, regardless of what the clocks said on the planet they had just left. Nelth gave her some routine jobs to do on the flight deck, watching to make sure she was as competent as she claimed to be. Arky found the M'na way of doing things strange at first, but the basics of interstellar travel were fairly standard. Soon she and Nelth were working side by side at the control desk, although the co-pilot's seat was hardly comfortable for human buttocks. 

Nelth's face was unreadable for a human, but he seemed to be happy enough with Arky's work. The last couple of hours soon went round, and she heard with some surprise that the day's work was completed. They ate in a small alcove off the habitat ring, Arky trying not to look at some of the ingredients in Nelth's dinner while she munched her way through some long-life human foodstuffs. When they finished eating, there was silence for a moment. 

Finally Nelth rose and showed her to one of the vacant cabins in the habitat ring, which was equipped to handle travelers of all species. At least there's a bed I can sleep on, thought Arky. 

Bed. The word echoed in her head. 

"I shall join you in thirty minutes," said Nelth and discreetly withdrew while she stowed away the few possessions she had brought with her. 

She sat on the edge of the bed, her hands steepled under her chin. "Arky, Arky, how did you get yourself into this mess?" she muttered to herself. "I just hope I can go through with it, or he'll probably throw me out of the air-lock." She had no illusions about the male sex, and a frustrated male from another species wasn't something she was eager to encounter.

She had changed into a light almost gossamer-thin robe that she'd found in the drawer next to the bed; back on Earth it would have sold for a small fortune, she suspected. Her small breasts and large nipples were visible through it, but she had no idea whether this would be a turn-on for a non-mammalian race. She looked up as she heard his even tread nearing her cabin. 

"Come in," she said, trying to keep her voice steady. Nelth sat on the bed next to her and nodded in a familiar way, as though they were old friends. "You are comfortable in these (hiss) quarters?" he asked and she grunted something. One of his large sleek hands was on her shoulder and she steeled herself for his embrace. 

Then, quicker than it takes to tell, Nelth had pushed her over backwards and grabbed both her wrists. Before she realized what was on his mind, he had forced each wrists into a restraint point she had not noticed on the wall above the bed. She was effectively helpless. 

"Stop it!" she screamed. "What are you doing? I told you I'd co-operate. Why are you doing this to me?" 

His dark inhuman eyes looked down at her. "I have not done this (hiss) before, but I am told that some females injure themselves trying to resist. It is for your own safety." 

"Shit!" she screamed. "That's all crap, you slimy bastard. Get off me!" She wrenched at the restraints, but they were as secure as they would have been in the mental ward of a human institution. "Let me go -- NOW."

Nelth waited patiently till she had finished abusing him, as though out of politeness, then he had straddled her and pushed the robe up around her waist. Arky muttered a stream of invective that probably went over his head, trying not to look at the truncheon-like male member that was now protruding from between his thighs. 

He began to move forward against her. Arky had just time for one last emphatic remark about his parents' sexual habits, then he pried her legs apart and began to enter her.

"You bastard - aaaaaaah!" groaned Arky. She could feel the large smooth head of his maleness pushing into her, then he pushed forward slowly but purposefully, trying to bury himself in her yielding flesh.

Arky felt as though it was going to come out the top of her head as he buried himself in her to his full length. The texture was strange, not like a human penis at all, and as he began to thrust in and out of her, she could feel something at the base of his maleness moving against her with each piston-like movement. It hurt. Oh, god did it hurt. She screamed for a couple of minutes, then as he started to pick up speed she passed out. 

She woke alone, uncertain how much time had passed. Her arms were free, and the robe had been pulled down over her thighs again. She made her way hesitantly to the tiny bathroom, threw up violently and examined herself in the mirror. She was as white as a sheet and there were bruises on her thighs and wrists, but the only other sign of her ordeal was some dried lubricant around her genitals. Nelth either didn't ejaculate like humans or he considered her unworthy of his sperm. 

She ran a hand through her short regulation-cut blonde hair and gave a heartfelt sigh. "Girl, it's going to be a long long three weeks." She went to bed and finally fell into a restless sleep, troubled by half-remembered dreams and starts.

The next day Nelth greeted her with his usual cool formality. "You are not injured?" he asked and she shook her head. She was stiff and bruised, and her pussy felt like a virgin on her wedding night, but she had sustained no injuries. That was his only reference to the night before. They ate together, spent the afternoon balancing the flow of the Space Drive reactor, then shared another meal at the end of the shift. 

Arky returned to her room without saying anything. It was useless to resist from a physical point of view, so she had no option but to honor her bargain despite her feelings on the matter. She changed and waited. Time passed and eventually she began to nod.

She awoke with a start and looked at her timepiece. The night was half over and Nelth had not made an appearance. Had the experience so repulsed him that he could not bear to repeat it? Arky wasn't sure if this was a good or bad thing - without the need to slake his alien lusts, did he really need her? She slept lightly, half-expecting to hear his steps outside her room. But there was nothing. 

The next day he did not mention the matter. Nor the next. They worked together as colleagues during the day, then at night they parted. Arky was unsure of what this meant. Obviously she was of such a different species that to him she wasn't "cute" or "gaminesque" or any of the other names that her boyfriends had used about her. But most males would have sex with a female of any sort, even if they had to put a bag over her head - at least that was what she had thought in her pessimistic moments. 

The following day, their flight was interrupted by a call at an unmanned fuel station. The ship thundered down onto a dry planet whose sun was much too close for comfort, and Nelth hooked the vessel up to a galaxy-standard fuelling installation. "Want me to adjust the fuel valves?" she said, squinting in the bright sun. He nodded, but added as she turned to leave "Do not leave the path. It is unsafe." 

The fuel valves were perfectly adjusted already. She suspected they always would be on a M'na vessel. As she turned to walk back, her foot came down on a shiny stone and she lost her footing. There was a slope next to the path and she found herself rolling down it, helpless to stop. She started to cry for help, then saw what looked like a pond of stagnant water approaching and shut her mouth tightly. There was a muffled splash as though somebody had thrown a sack of grain into a giant vat of oatmeal, then silence. 

A few minutes later, there were footsteps on the path. Nelth appeared, a handgun of some sort cradled in one enormous hand. "Arky?" he called. "Is everything in order?" (She would realize later that that was the first time he had spoken her name.) His head turned back and forth, his tongue flickering out questingly.

"Oh yeah, yeaaaah!" said Arky, her eyes glazed over. She could see Nelth from where she lay, but somehow it didn't seem to matter very much. He stepped off the path and approached her with caution. 

She was lying in the pond, with only her head and shoulders above the... Well, it wasn't actually water, it was more like a very thick soup. She rocked back and forth gently as though in an ocean swell, and there was a strange smile on her face. 

"Hiya Nelth. How's tricks?" She giggled and was silent, the smile returning to her face. 

"You have fallen. You will require assistance (hiss) to rise." 

"Whatever."

"The pool contains a parasite that resembles the carnivorous plants of your world. It will keep you there till you are consumed, preventing your escape by feeding your body hormones and endorphins that keep you calm..."

"Oh yes, yes, YES!"

"...and sexually satisfied," continued Nelth as though she had not spoken. 

"Hmmm, you got that right, buddy," she gasped, feeling yet another mini-orgasm ripple through her body. "Oooh my..."

"You require assistance" he hissed again, stooping over her. His big hands scooped her up like a child, the alien pond making no attempt to touch his sleek reptilian skin. Arky shuddered as he pulled her from the pond, then passed out again. 

He padded methodically back to the ship, finalized the undocking procedures and placed her on her bed. It was the first time he had been there since the night she arrived. He stood for a moment watching her breathing, then sat on the bench and closed his eyes. 

After an hour or so, Arky started awake with a scream and a wide-eyed expression. "I could have been DEAD" she gasped. "I was lying there and I didn't want to get out. Not at all. I would have stayed there till I died and I wouldn't have moved an inch." 

"It is not safe," said Nelth placidly, nodding in agreement. 

Arky looked down at herself, dressed in the shredded remnants of her underwear. "What happened to my overalls?" she said with a tremor in her voice. 

"They were digested," said Nelth.

"Ugh!" shuddered Arky and threw herself back on the bed, curling up in a tight ball and squeezing her eyes shut, trying to block out the world around her and the disturbing images that crowded into her mind. After a few minutes she began to breathe slowly and evenly. Nelth watched her for another minute or two, then rose silently and left her to her troubled sleep.

The next morning, Arky emerged from her room hesitantly. They were now several light-years from their last stopover, she kept telling herself, trying to put her brush with death behind her. Nelth was not on the flight deck. She looked around the ship and found him in the maintenance area repairing a routing-enabler from the flux controller. He put down his tools and sat up, nodding politely to acknowledge her presence. "You are well?" he asked after a few seconds. 

Arky grunted absent-mindedly, then sat down on the other side of the workbench facing him. There was a brief silence. "You saved my life," she said at last. "I would have died in there." 

"Crew members have found it a dangerous place," he said calmly. 

Arky looked down at her hands then took a deep breath and looked up at Nelth's shiny inhuman face. "Why didn't you come to my room again after the first night?" she asked softly.

"The experience was... " (and he hesitated for the first time since she'd met him) "...troubling." His big hands flexed involuntarily as he struggled to put the next sentence together. "I felt that I had... dishonored my clan by my actions. It was unworthy of an officer of my race's space service."

"You'd never done that before, had you?" she asked quietly.

"No." His tongue flicked out thoughtfully. "I had been apart from my mate for some time, and when I saw you I thought..." His voice trailed off.

"How long is 'some time'?"

"Seven months (hiss) in your reckoning."

"Seven months? I'll bet even the sheep were starting to look good."

"Pardon?"

"Nothing. A cultural reference. It implies that you were influenced by your prolonged denial of your sexual urges."

"You may be correct," he said softly and inclined his head, gazing unseeingly at the bench. The only sound in the room was the distant humming of the ship's drive and the sigh of the life-support system. 

"Nelth," she said at last, and he raised his head. "I can't forgive you for what you did to me, but I can understand there were reasons. And you did save my life." She reached out touched his massive hands with their thick smooth fingers. "I'll try not to think about it anymore. Neither should you. Let's put it behind us and try to start again. All right with you?"

He hissed to himself, as though searching for some appropriate phrase in English. "You shame me. In other places you would be entitled to seek vengeance against me for my deeds."

"Well, I can't see myself taking to you with a cat of nine tails. I think my arm would get tired before it hurt you! But there's still the matter of the agreement we made."

"That is void, of course (hiss)."

"Yeah, well maybe in the original. But you're still not a happy camper while you're out here on your own. Maybe there's something we could work out."

"Your meaning is unclear."

"Those big paws of yours may be adequate for construction and in battle, but they don't look any use for jerking off. Now if you look at my pink little hands with their long supple fingers and soft smooth skin..." She wiggled her fingers at him. Was it her imagination or did Nelth move slightly in his seat, and did his eyes gleam a little? "... I think you get the idea. There are other ways to relieve the tension." She rose from the seat and walked around the workbench. 

Nelth blinked wordlessly at her as she approached. She looked down and found her suspicions were correct. The alien pilot was becoming aroused by her invitation. "You must be really tense," she said softly and slid into the seat next to him. Her left hand brushed against his thigh, and his tongue flicked out again as he shifted restlessly. "Really, really tense," she murmured. Her hand moved across his lap and closed around a piece of masculinity that would have been the envy of any human male.

"There is... I am... I do not..."

"It's all right. Let Arky help you." She began to stroke up and down, her fingers just closing around his maleness as it reached full erection. "My, you are a big boy." She watched fascinated as the alien penis began to develop what looked like gooseflesh to her untrained eyes. After a few more strokes, the goosebumps began to secrete some sort of natural lubricant and her hand became slick as she ran it up and down his male organ. "Hmmmm, self-lubricating eh? Your mate must save a lot on KY Jelly."

Nelth did not reply. His massive hands closed around the edge of the workbench and for a moment Arky was afraid he was going to leave finger marks in the metal. His cock was like steel under Arky's grasp, a cylinder of sleek slippery metal that twitched and throbbed as she worked her hand back and forth. What's going to happen when he comes, she thought to herself. She was thankful that it was pointed away from her, because going on his reaction it could be pretty spectacular when he reached the moment of crisis.

"Whoa, what's THIS?" she said in surprise. As Nelth began to tremble, the base of his penis began to unfold like a flower. Before Arky's startled gaze, a delicate frill began to stand up, quivering slightly as it filled with blood. "Ohhh," she sighed as she began to understand its purpose. "Lucky girls! A built-in sex aid to make sure your wife has a climax every time you do. Very civilized!" Nelth was in no state to discourse on the urogenital anatomy of his race. His hands were locked around the edge of the workbench, and he had started to rise slightly from his sitting position as Arky's hand worked faster and faster. His tongue flicked out again and again, perhaps seeking the pheromones of his partner.
