 The interior of the space station might have been filled with electronic beeps and bleeps; instead, the last notes of a Vivaldi composition for two mandolins died away as Petal put her head into the control room. 

"Quiet shift?" she said, as she swung through the hatchway. On the other side of the control room, Arky Del opened one eye and gave a satisfied nod. Arky had had enough excitement in her life in the last year and gave thanks each time nothing unusual took place on her shift. Petal Smith, however, was still new to interstellar travel and was always looking for something dramatic to happen. 

"All systems running in the green," said Arky smugly. "Not a malfunction or a warning light to be seen." She stood up and stretched like a cat that's just decided to go out to the kitchen for a saucer of milk before its next nap. Mental attitude wasn't the only difference between the two young women: Arky's fair hair was cropped short and her slim figure was almost boyish, whereas Petal had a bob of red hair above her forever-twinkling green eyes and her young body was still inclined to wobble in interesting places whenever she moved faster than a dignified stroll. 

Petal slipped into the duty officer's chair and ran her eye over the panel. Just as Arky said - completely normal. Arky was watching her and said dryly "Try not to have any galaxy-class emergencies before you sign off. It might hold up your trip to the surface tomorrow." 

"Mmmmm, I can't wait," sighed Petal. "It's only the third time I've been down to an extra-solar planet. Maybe I'll meet some dashing extra-terrestrial Romeo..."

"Don't forget these guys are aliens!" cautioned Arky. "You might not want anything to do with them in a romantic sense. I can't see you setting up house with an intelligent gas-cloud from the Sigma cluster."

"Well, of course not," said Petal. "That would just be silly! But there are plenty of species that are ... well, compatible. At least that's what I hear." She looked at the other woman. "Those guys with the gold skin from Klys were very pretty, and there are others like the Qstin and the M'na..."

"Scratch the M'na off your dance card, lover, unless you fancy sex with King Kong." She stared into middle distance for a second. "I don't think you're ready for that." 

"You mean they're... er..."

"Take what you're thinking and add 30%, kiddo."

"Ouch! Sounds intimidating. Hey, wait a minute, how do you know this? I thought the M'na were very private types."

Arky didn't answer and after a second Petal's mouth opened in a silent O. "Arky, you didn't... I mean, you haven't..." There was another second of silence and Petal said softly "Good grief!!" 

"Well, I'd rather you didn't spread it round, thanks. Nothing ruins a girl's reputation like a rumor that she screws reptiles." 

"OK, scout's honor. But before we leave the subject - how was he?" Petal leaned forward, her eyes wide. 

"Let's just say the second time was a lot easier than the first," said Arky, picking up her satchel as a signal that the conversation was coming to a close. 

"The second time? Hmmmmm. I'd like to hear more about that someday," purred Petal. "Do you want to meet up for a drink on the surface?"

Arky shrugged. "Maybe. My day off is only provisional. If the Scylo IV cruiser gets away early I may get the rest of the day off. I'll see you when I see you." Arky swung through the hatchway and turned towards the human-gravity living quarters. 

It was hard to dislike Petal, but sometimes she could be a little too curious and eager, like a puppy wanting to rummage through everything in the trash basket. Arky didn't usually discuss her misadventures when she'd been temporarily marooned last year during a deep-space mission.

The next day, Petal came out of the Transit Center building and took a deep breath of extra-terrestrial air. She was on another world! Giving an involuntary wiggle of excitement, she stepped out of the drab and practical building and looked at the immense market that stretched in both directions down the street. 

Beings from half a dozen species were bartering and dickering at stalls, mostly from Earth-type planets though she did glimpse a couple of methane breathers encased in transparent spacesuits, their atmosphere generators humming softly as they made their way through the crowd. She felt very ordinary in her off-duty clothes, a beige pants-suit with rhodium-plated belt. A shadow passed over the crowd and Petal glanced upwards.

Overhead, an immense bird was gliding down onto the top of an inn; the only clue as to his nature was a belt holding several gadgets necessary to interpret his chirps. Petal gave a squeal of anticipation; she'd only been here five minutes and already she'd seen one of the rare intelligent avians for the first time. Who knew what else she might see?

She spent an hour of intensive sightseeing in the quarter of the city of Pola that was the crossroads for spacefarers. After a while she had even been brave enough to strike up a conversation with some of the less exotic beings, leaving her as star-struck as a fan who's just said "Hi!" to their favourite celebrity. It was starting to make her dizzy and she really wanted a seat and a cold drink. 

The inn that catered to aliens was named the Crimson Stone for some reason (names of bars never seemed to mean anything, no matter what planet you were on) and Petal gave a sigh of relief as she slid onto a bar stool and signalled for a cleansing ale. 

"Busy day?" said a voice from nowhere and Petal looked up in surprise. There was no one next to her. Then she looked down and saw a roly-poly little being seated in a sort of hammock; he was nearly as round as he was tall, but his smile was friendly and he didn't look offended at her initial difficulty in locating him. 

"Mental overload," she said with a sigh. "So many different people from so many different worlds - one lifetime wouldn't be enough to understand even a fraction of their cultures." She shook her head. "I don't know if I can stand this level of immersion in the wonders of the galaxy." She gave a wry grin. "You can probably tell I'm new here. I sound as though it's my first time away from home."

"I think it's admirable that you still have such enthusiasm and a willingness to open yourself to new experiences." He slapped his rounded stomach for emphasis. "The time to worry is when you are no longer excited by new experiences and surroundings!" He put out a hand. "My name is Kro of the Kaazam trading guild."

Petal shook his hand carefully, aware that many races only tolerated the strange human custom of shaking hands for the sake of diplomacy. "My name is Petal Smith. I work on the space station but this is only my third time off Earth. I guess it shows."

Kro began to expound on some problems he'd run into on his first trip into space and Petal listened fascinated. She suspected that some of his adventures might be exaggerated to make them more dramatic, but it was all quite engrossing. 

After her third beer, some of the other customers starting getting noisy and she had trouble in hearing Kro, his softly-spoken conversation from around her knees getting lost in the background din. Finally she leaned over to him and said "Let's move over to one of the booths. All this racket is starting to give me a headache." 

Kro nodded and hopped out of his hammock. He was much lighter on his feet than a human being of his build would have been, probably because Kaazam was a planet of higher gravity than Earth.

They found a booth on the far side of the inn, and Petal drew the curtain halfway across to further cut the background noise. Kro slid onto the seat without difficulty, though only his head and shoulders were visible over the table. He sat down his tankard of sparkling Zel wine and commenced from the beginning his story about the M'na customs official which Petal had been trying to follow. 

When he'd finished, she snorted and drained her beer. "Now that's incredible," she chuckled. "I think you might be making some of this up, Kro. Either that or the galaxy is an even stranger place than I've heard." 

He laughed. "No, it's true. Well, nearly all of it! You can't blame me for wanting to impress such a lovely lady. My deeds make up for my lack of stature I hope." Petal wondered for a moment how she looked from his viewpoint; to him, she must be abnormally tall and thin to somebody brought up in the severe gravity pull of Kaazam.

Kro sighed a little and said "My dear Petal, we are both a very long way from our birthplaces. Companionship is a precious thing way out here." He patted her consolingly on the leg. 

It took Petal a moment to notice that he had not removed his hand; instead he seemed to be settling in with an almost proprietorial air, as though he'd bought a mining lease on her thigh and was about to exercise his option. 

"Er, what are you doing, Kro?" Petal was a little fuzzy from the strong ales she'd been knocking back, but she had the unmistakable impression that the rotund little man was hitting on her. "That is your hand on my leg, isn't it?"

"Petal, we are both a long way from home. Space can be a lonely profession for all of us who travel the ways between the stars. Sometimes only the presence of a friend and companion stops it from being a scary experience." He looked at her earnestly and apparently sincerely. 

Petal had a sudden flash of insight as to what this would look like to an outside observer. He'd picked her up at the bar, they'd had a few drinks then she'd suggested they go somewhere more private to continue their conversation. Maybe she shouldn't be surprised that things were progressing in this direction - men were the same on most worlds. 

She tried to order her thoughts, wondering exactly what her attitude should be to his overture. The fact that he wasn't a human being was a factor, but to dismiss him out of hand because of it bordered on racism. If they were sitting in the local pub down the street from her apartment back home, what would be her response?

Her mind strayed to Arky. At least he wasn't a seven-foot tall lizard like the M'na males. Kro didn't look at all threatening in that way. (Though in an ideal universe she would have had time to log on to the Alien Species Database and check the infamous "Dr. Susan's Intimate List of Compatible Aliens".) So where did she go from here?

While she was thinking, the little Kaazam took things into his own delicate hands and touched the remote control on the table that closed the curtain completely. The noise level dropped away to almost nothing and the booth suddenly seemed a much more warm and intimate little spot. With a pang, Petal realized they were probably used frequently for romantic meetings between patrons; she had really set herself up for this, hadn't she?

Kro slid closer to her, his hand caressingly familiar on her thigh. She felt a flush of warmth go through her body, and had to admit to herself that this was a bit of a turn-on (in a morbid once-in-a-lifetime adventure sort of way, her superego added primly). 

The little alien seemed like a nice guy and she'd slept with people she'd felt less empathy with. Maybe she should consider her options - what had Kro said about being open to new experiences?

She felt his fingers fumbling with the fastenings at the front of her outfit. "Let me," she said softly and snapped open the tab. Her creamy young breasts showed up well in the booth's subdued lighting, spilling out as the fabric opened; Petal noted ruefully that her nipples were already hardening - her body seemed to have decided while her mind was still weighing up the issues. 

"So lovely," breathed Kro. "Only two, but of such size and majesty..."

Petal thought that made her sound a little like a national monument, but she was intrigued by the implication that Kaazam was used to females with multiple breasts. Then she gave a little gasp in the back of her throat. 

Kro was putting his lips to use for a purpose other than conversation, mouthing around the nipple of her right breast as his fingers weighed the size of her left boob appraisingly.

"Oooh my, Kro do you think we should be doing this...?" She moved restlessly in her seat. 

"Do you wish me to stop?" he said, removing his mouth from her tits. His tongue was firm and textured, giving her unexpected pleasure whenever he ran it over her hard pebble-like nipple. 

"Not necessarily," she said weakly. Kro had observed how the fastenings were manipulated and was now undoing the rest of them, taking a keen interest in the resulting scenery as it came into view.

"Such a panorama," he said softly. "A wonderland that should be explored thoroughly but with all due diligence and attention." This is ridiculous, thought Petal, I'm getting aroused by this little guy who talks like the Senior Senator in a parliamentary debate. She could feel her heart beating faster as his hands glided softly over her trembling body. 

"Come here," she said hoarsely and drew him to her. His egg-shaped body molded itself to her as they stroked each other and wondered anew at the different flesh that they were discovering. Finally she drew away, her blood singing in her head and her breath coming quickly. "So, how do we do this?" she said with a catch in her voice. 

"It is possible," said Kro reassuringly. He began to loosen the loose-fitting cloth that was his only garment and Petal looked on with growing interest as he slipped out of his clothing. She could see something that looked promising... she narrowed her eyes. No, she must be imagining things. She moved her head to get a better view. 

Out in the bar, Arky was pouring herself a glass of the local ale when she sat bolt upright in shock. Was that what she thought she'd heard? Over the babble of the customers, a very familiar voice had wailed in horror and disbelief three very human words.

"Holy fucking shit!!"

The words were still ringing in the air when the curtain of Petal's booth was flung back and Arky appeared, holding the empty beer bottle like a club. She took in Petal, half-naked, cowering against the back of the booth. Something small and difficult to make out in the subdued lighting was quivering under the table, moving around purposefully. 

Arky stepped forward and raised the bottle purposefully. It was the only weapon to hand, but maybe she could surprise this whatever-it-was and get Petal out of there. But before she could strike, Petal flung up a hand and made frantic gestures while shaking her head vigorously.

"Look!" she hissed, pointing down at the other being. "It's unbelievable..."

Arky hesitated, trying to understand the other girl's mixture of emotions - she seemed to be equally agitated and intrigued. 

Petal went on in a tone of disbelief: "HE'S GOT THREE DICKS!"

Arky blinked and moved to one side a little. Sure enough, the little man had not one but THREE erections, side by side. "That's a new one on me!" she muttered. 

The diminutive Kro looked relieved when Arky lowered the bottle, recovering his poise enough to murmur "I thought this was a private booth... if you wish, I will be happy to leave, young lady..."

"You should have warned me," burst out Petal, apparently unaware that her pink round bosoms wobbled in time to her words as she spoke out with indignation. "I wouldn't have been so scared... well, not scared, but surprised." 

"Three of a kind," observed Arky, looked on as the little alien's genitals began to wilt under her scrutiny. "He is sort of cute." 

Petal looked from her colleague to the little Kaazam man and pursed her lips for a second. She made a decision. "Arky, I'm sorry I dragged you in here. I'll be all right if you.. er.. want to leave us."

Arky raised her eyebrows, then nodded. "Okey-dokey, I'll leave you two lovebirds alone. See you later." Petal gave her an imperceptible get-going nod and Arky slipped through the curtains.

Outside, she paused for a moment and listened. Through the hangings she could hear soft conversation and the sound of people moving around on the cushioned surfaces. She stood still, thinking "I really shouldn't be doing this." Then she leaned back and opened the curtain a fraction of an inch. 

As she had half expected, Petal was lying on her back on the padded couch; the rest of her clothes were on the floor. Kro was between her thighs and as Arky watched, his penis (the middle one anyway) slid between the lips of Petal's vagina, causing a twitch of her closed eyes and a little sigh from deep down. Kro began to move in the universal up-and-down motion of coition, but there was something that wasn't quite right. 

From her vantage point, Arky could see that Kro was grimacing as though he was experiencing some discomfort. After a second, she understood the problem. Two of his cocks were standing out, fully engorged and erect, but jutting out only into thin air as he thrust into Petal's body. Obviously he was feeling only one-third involved. 

As she watched, Kro made an attempt to at least partially remedy this. Corkscrewing sideways, he presented his right-hand member to Petal's other hole. As he thrust forwards again, he pushed the second fleshy rod into the human woman's anal opening. 

Petal gave a little squeal and her mouth opened into a gasp, but from the way she received the intruder it was obviously not the first time she'd taken it in the rear. She made a little grunting sound with each thrust into her, but the look on her face was more of deep concentration than pain. 

The little man from Kaazam was thrusting into her forcefully now, but the expression on his face was still not one of complete pleasure. Between the curtains, Arky could see the left side of his genitals was still flailing about uselessly, unable to complete the tripartite connection that his race had evolved for. He was moving against Petal as though determined to satisfy her even though for him it could not be a complete sexual experience. 

Unless….

Petal was groaning softly to herself, her buttocks squeaking a little against the couch as she writhed under the glorious repetition of being fucked again and again in both her tight little holes. She caught sight of something through her half lidded eyes and tried to focus on what she saw off to her right. "Arky? What the hell… what are you doing here?" 

"Don't mind me," said the other woman. "Just here to lend a hand…" 

Kro's face was a picture of relief as he felt Arky's hand close around his unloved member. She began to stroke back and forth in time to his thrusts into Petal's body and was gratified to see his eyes glaze over with that oh-so-familiar look of complete self-absorption that usually signals the approach of sexual pleasure in the male on any planet. He began to breathe faster and thrust forward with deeper movements. 

"Go for it, lover," crooned Arky. This wasn't her first time watching extra-terrestrials get off (she had once worked a couple of shifts in a brothel in an alien star system, but that's another story) but not often had she been this close to another female in the throes of passion.

Petal was making little noises in the back of her throat. Her ample bosom was wobbling about in time to the little man's thrusts and Arky looked down at her with a mixture of curiosity and jealousy. She'll have terrible back problems when she's older, thought Arky, watching the other woman's breasts shudder and shake. Then on impulse she leaned over closer.

I haven't tried this since I was at school, mused Arky. She stuck out her tongue and gently licked at Petal's right nipple. Wow, it was hard. She didn't know exactly what an organ-stop was, but that's what Petal's nips were standing out like.

"Arky?" Petal's eyes flew open and she blinked disbelievingly at the sight of her workmate feeding at her breast. "Ohhhh... what are you doing..."
