 Arky had no idea this would be one of the most extraordinary days of her life. Everything seemed to be going to plan when she put the shuttle into a banking turn and hit the IFF switch as she came in low over the purple ocean and through a mass of yellow clouds. 

"Almost there," she called over her shoulder. There was a scramble and Petal Smith's head appeared through the cabin door, her eyes wide with excitement. 

"Can you see the tower yet? They tell me it's the highest structure on Menos." She peered through the clouds, trying to spot the company's headquarters on the planet. "Not that there are that many skyscrapers on Menos, I guess!" She gave one of her little giggles, which Arky ignored out of long experience. 

The two women were good friends, though they seemed to have little in common. Arky was slender and almost boyish in her company pilot's uniform, her fair hair cut short (it made getting her space helmet on a lot easier). Petal, who was a couple of years younger, was full of girlish giggles, bubbled with overt enthusiasm and had an extravagant figure that was barely contained by her uniform. 

"The Tower!" said Arky sharply. Out of the sulphurous cloudbank, a tall spire cut the horizon, a navigation light blinking redly at its peak. Arky cut the power and the shuttle began to sink towards a landing field outlined in bright flares. Petal slipped into the co-pilot's seat and began to throttle back the reactor. 

A bump, a slight rocking, and the green lights came on. "We're down," said Petal. "Are you sure we can't go out?" Petal was always wanting to sightsee, but Arky shook her head. Instructions were plain: stay in the shuttle. She waited. 

After a moment, another light lit up. The IFF system confirmed the identity of the light truck that loomed up out of the mist. She opened the hatchway and a burly man in company uniform clambered into the shuttle. 

"Harker", he said calmly. "This is James." A second man nodded to them. "We'll get the cargo and we can leave straightaway." Arky and Petal remained in their seats. There was a hum of power lifting equipment, a scrape of metal on metal and then the sound of the truck driving off. Harker reappeared in the door. "All right, let's get out of here." 

Petal had stepped into the cabin during the loading and she made a strangled noise in the back of her throat. "Arky! You'd better take a look at this…." There was no humor in her voice this time. Arky rose to her feet and padded into the cabin. 

"What the….?" For once Arky was nonplussed. She had seen many strange things on several worlds, but this took her by surprise. The cargo, as Harker had called it, was a stretcher bearing the naked body of a sleeping woman. Her skin was a light green and she wore what looked like a metal crown around her forehead. 

"She must be eight feet tall," said Arky at last. Their cargo (or passenger perhaps) was a veritable giantess. She turned to Harker. "Who is she? And why is she in restraints?" The company did some odd things at times, but Arky wasn't going to blindly follow orders in a case like this.

Harker sighed. "Don't get upset. This is secret stuff. Her name is Eve – well, that's we call her anyway. The company is trying out an experimental android scout on Menos. She can get through the most inhospitable conditions where people couldn't."

"And?" Arky was waiting for the other shoe to drop. There had to be a catch. 

"There's a – glitch. We're taking her back to the main laboratory for some fine tuning before we take her out for final trials." He looked at his watch. "Can we get going?"

Arky raised her eyebrows but it sounded plausible. She motioned to Petal and they resumed their seats. Take off went smoothly and soon Petal had laid in the course for their destination. Arky went back and looked at the recumbent figure. Harker was making some small adjustments to the metal object on her head. 

"James, isn't it?" she said to the second man and he nodded. "What's the gadget? Why is she naked? And why are you both wearing sidearms?" 

James looked uncomfortable. He ran a hand through his dark curly hair before answering. "Company policy mandates weapons on a job like this," he said finally. "The gadget as you call it is designed to keep her off in dreamland until we get her to our destination. And she doesn't need clothes; she was designed for this world." He broke off suddenly. 

Arky at first didn't understand why he looked distracted, then she heard Harker swear. There was a subtle difference to the background noise in the cabin. Something was emitting a high-pitched sound that made her ears ring. James leaned over Harker with a worried look on his face. 

They conversed in low voices for a moment. Arky could hear a little of what they said but it didn't help her. It was full of technical jargon but their faces looked worried. Harker made some calculations on his pad and then turned to Arky. "How long till we get to our destination?"

"About an hour."

"If you push it, can we make it any faster? I'm not telling you your job, but we need to get there as quickly as we can." 

"I might be able to make it 45 minutes," she said "but this atmosphere isn't safe for stunt flying. Is she in trouble?"

"No, but we might be." He straightened up. "The device that keeps Eve asleep has malfunctioned and we don't have the tools to repair it. If she wakes up in this confined space, the situation could be awkward." 

Arky recognised a euphemism when she heard one. "How awkward?"

"Shut in with her like this? She might kill us." 

Arky took a deep breath. "What? Is she dangerous? Why didn't they tell us….?"

Harker shook his head. "The glitch I mentioned has to do with her adrenal gland. It's made her hyperactive and unpredictable. Her whole body is now devoted to the three F's."

"Pardon me?"

"Flight, fight or … well, you know. When Eve wakes up, she's likely to burst free of those restraints and go berserk."

Arky turned on her heel without speaking and stepped into the cockpit. "Petal, crank it up. Take the speed up to the maximum you can get. Tell them we've got an emergency on board." Without waiting for an answer, she moved back to Harker. 

"Is that why you've got those guns? In case she broke free? This is a hell of a situation." She could feel her face redden. There had to be some way out of this. "You can't just kill her. That's murder, android or no android."

Harker looked grim. "If you wakes up, there are only two ways I can protect us from her. One is to shoot her through the head before she gets loose. The other is this." He took a small case from his pocket and opened it to reveal two tiny syringes.

"Poison?" Arky was appalled. This just got worse and worse. 

"No, they're for us," said Harker glumly. "James and I would have to inject ourselves with a new stimulant the company has just developed. It….um…" His voice trailed off. 

Arky looked at him impatiently. "I'm not a mind reader. Exactly how does this help us?" 

"You remember what I said about the three F's? James and I would have to try to sexually satisfy her." He looked grim. "It's not a job for any ordinary man." 

Arky stared at him. "The two of you are going to --- oh come on, now! There's got to be some other way." She didn't know whether she should be laughing or crying, but Harker didn't look as though he found the situation funny. "This is absurd."

"Maybe it is, but there's no other way. Her android body is resistant to most forms of sedation. I suppose I could try knocking her out with my gun butt but if I miss she'll tear me limb from limb. This is the only thing my bosses could suggest." He gestured at his partner. "James and I are the two youngest and fittest men on the base. Most of the others are desk jockeys or crabby old researchers." Neither man looked happy at being in such an elite group. 

"Could I de-pressurize the cabin and try and knock her out that way?"

"Nope, she's bred to survive on Menos. She can breathe the local air a lot better than we ever could." 

Arky went back to her seat and thought hard. No easy solution came to her.

Then a few minutes later, she heard an oath from the cabin. She looked in as James jumped to his feet. "She moved! I saw her eyelids twitch, too." Harker got up and the two men stood looking at the green-skinned giantess. Harker sighed and it was not a pretty sound; he sounded like a man who had run out of options.

"You're right. She's starting to wake up." He reached into his pocket. "Roll up your sleeve." He took out the little case and extracted the two syringes. James began to swear to himself, softly but at great length and very inventively.

Harker injected himself, wincing slightly, then gave James his dose. He placed the spent syringes back in the case and placed it tidily in the luggage rack. Then he sat down and put his head in his hands for a moment. 

Arky stood there and stared. This was a situation like none she had ever faced before. The instructors at her training school had never contemplated a crisis like this in their exercises and drills. 

Eve was plainly stirring. She tossed her head to one side, and the now-useless sleep machine slipped off and fell to the floor with a clatter. Harker looked up, his face flushed and a vein throbbing in his forehead. Arky was suddenly a little afraid of him. He stood up and began to undress. His shirt. The belt with his weapon. His trousers. Then his underwear. 

Arky had to admit that he had been a good choice for the mission. His cock was hard and red, standing out like it was carved from marble. There was sweat on his forehead already and he looked like a man driven by some irresistible force. He dropped to his knees at the end of the stretcher. 

Petal glanced into the mirror over the pilot's seat that reflected what was going on behind her. Her eyes widened. Harker was spreading Eve's vaginal lips with one hand while he aimed his dick with the other hand. There was a moment of hesitation then he leaned forward and sank himself deep into her strangely hued pussy. 

He gave a deep groan as he reached the maximum penetration, his balls slapping against her android flesh. Petal tore her eyes away from the mirror and concentrated on squeezing every last ounce of speed out of their craft. 

Arky stood there frozen to the spot. Harker began to thrust in and out of Eve, sweating as he screwed her as hard as he could. Arky winced at the way he was plunging into the giant woman, thinking she was glad she wasn't on the receiving end of Harker's enhanced form of love-making. It didn't hurt Eve though; her eyes were open and while she obviously wasn't fully awake there was a slight smile playing around her lips.

For five minutes, Harker thrust and thrust into Eve's body. Against her giant form he looked like a little boy. Finally he looked up, his face wet with sweat and croaked "James! Take over…"

The other man stepped forward. He too had removed all his clothes and Arky took a deep breath when she finally looked at him. Harker's cock was big and proud looking, but James was one of those guys who had been doubly blessed when they were handing out physical prowess. His dick was as long and thick as any that Arky had seen in her life. 

Harker disengaged and stepped back, trembling slightly, groping blindly for his seat. Arky hurried forward and took his arm, disregarding his nakedness and the throbbing erection. She helped him sit down and passed him a towel. He dried himself off as best he could, then looked over towards Eve. 

James was on top of her, his enormous phallus working into her well-lubricated cleft. Arky could hear the rhythmic moist sound as he sawed in and out of her. Eve was plainly awake now and laid a giant hand on each of his shoulders as he rose and fell above her, guiding him in the timeless dance between man and woman that has never changed through millenniums. 

Arky couldn't help herself. She glanced downwards quickly and was intrigued to see Harker was still as hard and erect as when he'd started. Unfortunately the potion wasn't able to increase the sheer physical strength and endurance he needed to complete his unique assignment.

There was a bump and the shuttle dipped in spite of its stabilising equipment. Arky heard an exclamation from Petal and hurried back to her seat. Conditions were deteriorating. Arky took the controls and frowned; they would have to drop down to a lower altitude. She hoped the mapping boys had done their job and pinpointed all the mountains on their route. 

Petal swivelled around and was staring open-mouthed at James as he thudded into Eve's enormous body again and again. Strangled gasps and moans came from the cabin but Arky wasn't watching and couldn't tell if they were coming from Eve or from her increasingly desperate sexual partner. 

"Har.. Harker," muttered James. "Can you give me a hand here?" They changed places again. Harker slipped into the smooth slippery embrace of her cunt and began to push as far as he could before withdrawing. Then again. And again….

"My back!" groaned James. He put his hands on his backside and pushed, trying to straighten out his aching back muscles. This had the side-effect of shoving his groin forward, making Petal's eyes widen even more as his colossal penis thrust out. What a guy! Petal wondered if there was any chance of meeting him after this was all over. But he probably wouldn't be interested in sex for a while, she concluded sadly. 

Harker was driving into Eve with new determination. He had managed to catch his breath and was treating her to piledriver-like thrusts that would have had any normal woman entreating him to stop (or at least to slow down). Eve was gasping happily, her eyes half closed again but this time in passion rather than slumber. 

James was rocking back and forth as though half delirious. He glared down at the two on the stretcher. "That's it! Fuck her. Give her all the cock she can handle. Screw the bitch till your jizz comes out of her ears…." He muttered away to himself ferociously, but it was doubtful if he even realised he was speaking aloud. The drug in his system seemed to be focusing all his mind and body onto only one subject. Sex and nothing but sex. 

As Arky battled with the controls, she heard a noise from the cabin. It was the unmistakable sound of a woman who was rapidly reaching her sexual climax. Eve was making little gasping noises, plainly audible over the slap-slap-slap of Harker's dick driving into her. Is this a good thing or not, Arky wondered, but she didn't have time to ask questions and she doubted Harker and James were in the mood for conversation. 

"Wow!" said Petal, staring down into the cabin. Eve had reached the final stages, and gave vent to a spectacular display of the female orgasm. Her powerful muscles rippled and her limbs convulsed. Her legs shot out straight and the toes curled as her breath gasped out of her with a loud whooshing sound. Her hands tightened on Harker's shoulders for a second and he winced with pain, then they fell limply to her side as her head lolled back, completely and utterly satisfied at last. 

Harker's movements slowed and he withdrew his cock, throbbing and shiny from the giantess' fluids. He shuddered and almost fell as he took a step back from her. 

"They've done it!" said Petal. "I think it's all right now." 

"Not yet," croaked Harker. Petal stared at him. He looked a wreck – his hair was plastered down over his forehead with sweat, his knees were shaking and he was gasping for breath. But his male urges were obviously indefatigable.

"Oh." The awful truth hit her. "You can't …. I mean, isn't there an antidote?" Her voice rose to a squeak as James suddenly appeared at her side. 

"God help me," he groaned. Petal looked down at him, aghast at the way he was trembling all over. His prodigious phallus was jerking and wobbling about in mid-air as though unable to comprehend why it had been removed from its natural home. James' eyes were glazed, staring into space. He was like an automaton whose routine had been turned upside down. 

Petal's heart went out to him. This was a fellow human being in distress. The fact that he had the biggest cock she'd ever seen was (for now) of lesser importance. She extended one delicate hand and wrapped her long fingers around his pulsing organ. "Yes, oh yes, god please, yes…." James babbled as she began to stroke him. 

Unable to resist an impulse from deep inside her, Petal Smith dropped to her knees and inspected James at close range as she masturbated him with a will. His masculinity was so overwhelming that she felt a slight moistness in her own nether regions as she worked on him. Finally she could control herself no longer, and her red lips closed around the equally red head of his dick. James gave a little cry of delight as Petal's educated mouth began to suck and lick at his burning need.

Arky glanced up into the mirror and her eyes bulged as she saw Petal's head begin to bob up and down in James' lap. For a second she thought she must be imagining what she saw. Before she could open her mouth to ask what the hell was going on, there was a crash as something hit the floor next to her. 

She took her eyes off the controls and almost screamed. Harker was lying on the floor next to her seat, eyes staring unseeingly. For an awful moment she thought he was dead. 

"Oh sweet Lord," he moaned. "I need medical help. How long till we get there?" When Arky said another 15 minutes, his head sank down. She realised with a shock that he was crying. 

"I'll never make it," he choked. "God but it hurts…."

Arky looked down and saw that his cock was still standing straight out. It was red and inflamed looking and seemed to be pulsing in time to his heartbeat. The scientists' magic potion had worked all too well. The trouble was that it didn't come with an "off" switch. 

Delicately balancing, Arky leaned over and pulled at Harker's shoulder. "Get up," she said urgently. "Into the seat. Now!" Harker lay there groaning, till Arky grabbed one ear and twisted it hard enough to get his attention. Finally he drew himself up and slumped into the co-pilot's chair, whimpering with misery. 

Arky reached over. She could just reach his groin. It wasn't easy, but she could just manage to steer with her left hand while grappling for his cock with the other. It wasn't difficult to locate. A solid column of flesh rearing upwards from his pubic hair. She began to stroke it, using the leftover fluids from Eve's pussy as a natural lubricant. 

A little moan of relief escaped Harker's lips. The longer Arky jerked his dick, the more he seemed to relax. After five minutes of continuous masturbation, he seemed to be coming out of his stupor. 

"Where are we?" he croaked at last. 

"Almost there," said Arky soothingly. "Right on the flight path." She didn't add that landing the shuttle in these circumstances was going to strain her piloting abilities as nothing else ever had. She managed to adjust the angle of descent with one part of her mind, while automatically stroking and pulling with the other. 

Behind her, muffled sounds drifted in from the cabin where Petal was mouthing the enormous endowment of the other man. James was making little squeals of delight, fucking the young woman in the mouth like there was no tomorrow. Petal's face was red and her jaw ached, but she kept up gamely. Her jacket had come open, and she could feel her breasts wobbling about as James thrust into her. 

Then there was some kind of breakthrough. James made an almost whinnying sort of noise, and Petal suddenly found her mouth deluged with a load of sperm that seemed to be coming out of a high-pressure hose. 

Choking and spluttering, she pulled the climaxing member from her lips. Strands of cum dripped from her mouth and bounced off her nipples. James toppled over backwards and measured his length on the floor. As she caught her breath, Petal was relieved to see that his erection had begun to subside. She couldn't have kept up that pace much longer. 
