 2772 AD 

Mankind has spread far among the stars, long and distant from their homeworld. The Terran Consortium, the corporate states that rule as kings among the cosmos, has reached too far and demanded too much. Far and remote worlds rally for independence from apathetic and disconnected rulers. 

Rebellion seethes and boils beneath the glistening towers and ports of the empire. The Consortium senses this, and no matter how much censure, propaganda and re-education, the human spirit simply... won't... bend. The greatest measure has been enacted... and it needs the greatest pilot... 

Lieutenant Alice Farrow watched the room from behind reinforced plexiglass. "What am I looking at again?" She saw only a black plate on the table, a rectangular plate that would not be out of place on a tank or starship. 

Dr. Jennings put his hands behind his back and smiled. "The latest generation in nanotech. Put it anywhere on your body and your mind handles the rest." He turned to his side and grabbed an offered cup of coffee. "Thank you, Casey." 

The nurse offered a wink "Anytime, doctor." Her fingers lingered on the doctor's hand before she stepped back into the shadows of the observation room. 

Alice caught the glance between the two, and the jealous stare from Jennings' other nurse, Beth. She raised an eyebrow and regarded the doctor with a subtle smirk. Whatever he had the shapely blonde and brunette around for, it wasn't for research. "Seems a little too good to be true." 

Jennings sipped his coffee and let out a satisfied sigh. "Well... it was reverse engineered from xenos craft recovered on Pluto. Extremely hardy. Extremely invasive." 

"Invasive? That doesn't sound promising..." 

"We handled that part." He took another sip and blew off the steam. "I prefer the term... symbiotic now." 

"I see." Unease still tugged at Alice's senses. But she had come too far to turn back now. 

"I'll have the EMP switch at the ready, in case anything goes wrong." said Beth, the nurse's hair looking like flaming gold before the red lights of the control consoles. Alice gave her thanks and noticed the nurse had unbuttoned more of her blouse since Casey's moment with the doctor, letting the firm swells of her bosom be exposed in a way unbecoming of the Consortium's top professionals. 

Alice walked into the containment chamber through the airlocks, all the while fear seized her flesh. She knew she had to do this. The Consortium wasn't perfect, but it was better than the wanton carnage the rebels would bring. Endless war, endless blood among the stars. 

Only one weapon could end it. 

She came into the room itself and paused before the piece of pitch metal. It seemed to writhe and shift the light in her presence. "Go ahead, lieutenant. It's perfectly safe." said Jennings over the comms. She swallowed and then stepped forward, touching just the very tip of the unit. 

It tingled her skin and immediately a numb pleasure suffused her mind. It felt good to be in contact with the substance. She smiled and withdrew her hand. The stuff did not stick to her hand, but it had done all that it had needed to do in one moment, planting the seed of loyal addiction in her brain. 

Alice turned around and faced the observation glass. She stripped down to her bra and panties and then laid back on the seat, ensuring the lone piece of nanotech would press against the middle of her spine. Eyes closed and as still as the dead, she felt nothing at first. It was as if her first experience was a fluke, a trick of the mind. 

And then it happened. 

The invasion of foreign material occurred so suddenly and struck her nervous system with such pleasure that Alice did not even have time to announce surprise. Her lips almost parted for a moment, but then closed before any expression could form. 

Her entire back was cool and numb, yet every feeling part of her body throbbed with euphoria. It was hard for her to think, to contemplate what was happening, as if her thoughts had been scrambled. Her eyes dilated when she felt the coolness rise up through her, and that's when she knew... it was no longer going to go across her... it was in her. 

She exhaled loudly and her heart beat spiked. Slowly, she rolled her head back as her pussy throbbed. "Ahh..." she sighed, barely hiding its tinge of sensuality. She felt the armor swim underneath her skin, through her very pores, and spread through blood and muscle, a tingling wave of ecstasy floating up through her being. 

A delectable, sparkling sensation thrummed through her bones, intensified when she felt the thing bond with her spine. It felt like something slippery and soft had winded its way through her cells, airy and subtle, barely above detection. 

Alice widened her arms and legs, wallowing in numb joy. She had tested battlesuits before, but even those with nerve interfaces never felt so... good... so right. A thought dawned in her head that this was meant to happen, that there was no way else it could have happened... she was not so sure it was her thought. 

She didn't care. 

"How are we doing, Alice?" the doctor's voice came in over the comms. 

Alice could barely speak, but some inner will compelled her to do so. "Goo... good. All good." 

"Vital signs are normal. Tell us if you feel anything unusual." 

She managed a weak nod. Something out of the ordinary was happening, something that would change her forever. But the lieutenant that walked into that room was not the same that writhed on the seat. Her will was... melted. 

She felt muscle tonify and develop. And then she saw it. 

Streams of glistening black nanites from behind her back wrapped her breasts and scrambled across her stomach. She undulated her belly, bucking her pussy up at the sensation. She watched with fascinated arousal as her breasts, average sized to begin with, began to puff up and swell. She moaned aloud, the electric sensation around her nipples moistening her slit without end. 

The nanites around her chest merged into her breasts, exponentially increasing in size, wobbling into perfect dollops of curvaceous feminine flesh. Her now enormous tits then glimmered, adopting the appearance of hard and shining plastic while exhibiting the softness of silk. Further down, cybernetics reformed her waist, thin and fit, blossoming into a thick and round backside, her cheeks jutting out, the mounds just as polished black as the sides of her massive breasts. 

Where Alice's skin was exposed, her smooth belly, upper arms and now, deep valley of cleavage, her complexion lost its color. Many campaigns on desert worlds had left the lieutenant with a bronzed glow. The armor sucked that away, leaving a curvaceous scape of immaculate porcelain flesh. 

By now, nanites had completely replaced her bones, her blood running as black as night and flowing right into her brain. Alice had been regarding the huge swells of breastflesh that sat on her chest when the nanites hit her cerebral cortex. The sudden sensation sent her into a violent orgasm, her spasms sending stray lines of drool across her soft cleavage. 

Her eyes rolled back into her head, her mind savaged into a state of orgasmic catatonia, leaving her ripe for reprogramming. "Uhh... ohhh..." she moaned aloud, her fingers twitching as the race memory of a dead species implanted itself within her psyche. "Yea... uh... yessss..." she slurred, rolling her head back and forth, the joy of new loyalty bright in her shattered mind. 

She did not serve mankind. She would serve them. 

The woman arched her back, biting her lips as her pussy spasmed, thoughts and visions of betraying her old species exciting her more than she could have believed. All the while, nanites enclosed her head, leaving only her mouth and chin exposed, the rest encased in some faceless, high sheen visor. 

Her body went rigid, plush lips formed an 'O', back and hips bucked up, frozen in a position of utter pleasure. 

"Alice?" came the doctor's voice over the comms. 

She slammed back down on the table, her mouth opening wide to loose a sigh of complete satisfaction. 

"Alice? What's going on? Talk to us." 

When next her eyes opened, she saw in only black and white. A sensuous voice twisted its way through her mind, one that compelled lust and obedience. 

Lie. Subvert. Corrupt. 

"Yes... anything for you..." she whispered, her voice dripping with need. 

Jennings' voice blared over once more. "Speak up, Alice. We can't hear you." 

The former lieutenant rose sinuously from her seat, her massive tits and sculpted legs shining as if molded from black latex, contrasted against the pale and toned lines of her exposed belly and creamy mounds of cleavage. 

Her head slowly turned to the observation glass. "Everything is fine." she said blankly. She took a step forward and curled her polished ebon fingers back and forth. "I feel great. Stronger. Faster." She snapped her hand forward with blinding speed. "Better." 

"Greater agility. Increased vital signs and... exaggerated... secondary sexual characteristics." The sound of his fingers working across the digipad sounded out in the examination room. "We need to know the combat capabilities of the symbiote. You'll execute a trial mission across the live fire course at 0600." 

She stepped closer to the mirror and licked her glistening lips. "You are the mission." 

Jennings made no reply over the comms. But past the glass, she heard his heartbeat quicken, and the rapid footsteps of the nurses. These were the sounds of fear. 

Alice smiled. And then melted the entire glass into black slop with a touch of her finger. 

She bounded over the edge and into the room, the sound of the nurses's screams and alarm klaxons greeting her ears. With liquid agility she swept out the doctor's feet and cornered Casey. 

Alice caressed her neck, licking her cheek as she came to the brunette's ear. "It's ok... you'll be glad this happened..." Her wet black lips trapped the nurse's mouth. The woman whimpered as Alice's high gloss hands seemingly melted through her coat and fondled her full breasts. 

Nanites swarmed off of Alice's hands, falling on the woman's skin, hardening into a polished latex like substance. Alice sighed happily as more of new masters invaded untouched flesh, the nurse rooted in place, spasming to pleasant thrills. 

Casey's eyes glassed over while helpless gurgling came from her throat, her nerves scrambled in a storm of pleasure. 

"This is Jennings! Code red! Code red! SHOOT TO KILL!" All of the sudden a miniaturized EMP flashed in the observation room... to no effect at all, Alice's organic cell structure immune to the electronic attack. 

Even Casey found the nanites had not stopped in their eager conversion, her hands already shiny and smooth, while jagged, 'digitized' veins of darkness reached down her throat. She moaned weakly as she slumped down the wall. 

"Humans..." snarled Alice. She stood up and spun to face the doctor. From the original armor backplate, a small cannon constructed itself from nanites and peeked over her shoulder, sleek with a tapered barrel. "How's this for a field test, doctor?" 

The cannon fired and Dr. Jennings was covered in black goop. He tried to stand up in his panic, but fell right back down into the floor, nothing left but misshapen chunks of carbon. 

She turned when she heard the other nurse, Beth, try to crawl away. Her muffled sobs were acute to Alice's enhanced hearing. The cyborg smiled, watching her inch to the door that led to the hallway. "Oh you don't want that..." She stepped over and yanked the crying woman up to her feet, pinning her against the wall. She licked her throat lasciviously while producing something in her hand. "You want this." 

She held a small polished black sphere before the nurse's eyes, the woman's gaze seemingly bringing it to life as a dozen little feelers emerged from the object, writhing with dark purpose. Alice lowered the thing between her victim's legs. 

"What are you doing..." mewled the nurse, her legs jerking futilely, trying to keep away from Alice's perverse little toy. 

"Making you evolve. Just... relax." said Alice, her words liquid smooth as she gave the panicked woman a kiss. 

As she urged the nanite module in, Beth gasped, her chemical resistant fabrics melting as the thing slipped on through her panties. Alice watched with satisfaction as the probe pulled itself into the woman's pussy, the nurse's hips twitching backwards as it burrowed deeper and deeper. Alice held her tight, until the woman stiffened and let loose a low, satiated moan. 

Alice let her drop to the floor, writhing and murmuring as her transformation continued apace. The voluptuous cyborg then turned back to the lab's comms panel. She leaned over and brought up the frequency to speak to base command. 

"This is Jennings," she said, in his exact voice, "outbreak controlled. Electromagnetic pulse has neutralized all cybernetic threats." 

"Roger that, doctor. Containment teams are still on their way." 

Alice's face flashed with anger. "Very well. Jennings out." She eviscerated the panel with her razor sharp claws, meanwhile the black oily nanites dripping from her nails devoured the rest of the machinery. "Damn it!" 

It was one thing to take out a lone, unarmed doctor. It was quite another to escape with multiple kill teams on the loose. Still, she would not be alone this time. She turned around and saw her unwilling allies, their conversions all but complete. 

Casey was completely sprawled out on her back, her body absorbed by the nanites in a way more profound that Alice. The woman's heels had stilettos that must have extended at least nine inches, her waist impossibly small, in comparison to hips so full they put even Alice's to shame. Her breasts had ballooned into a pair of round, titanic tits that were covered in a black sheen, but for the v opening extending down from her bare neck, showcasing a mile of bulbous, barely restrained creamy cleavage. 

All of her features were gone, covered in a layer of nanites, but for her chin and plump, dark lips, quivering in exultation as her final explosions of ecstasy finished erasing her human mind. 

Beth's changes were not near as severe but just as penetrating. Her skin was not so much pale as it was powdered white, like a doll, and just as smooth, every imperfection polished over. Like Alice, where the nanites appeared on her body, it was not so much to conceal as to amplify. 

Her belly looked as if it had been wrapped in solid black latex, reaching upwards, going in between her deep cleavage but curving around her giant boobs like crescents. The glossy sable material contrasted strongly against her alabaster melons, her nipples just as pale. 

The woman's moans took on more alien cadences as the nanites implanted new loyalties in her mind. Her blue eyes fluttered madly until they stopped... and her eyes were as pale marbles, their whiteness emphasized by the nanites clustering around her sockets like eye shadow. Even her hair, once flaxen yellow, quickly darkened into lacquered black. 

Nanites solidified into place along the outsides of her legs in long, flourished swirls, showcasing the succulent softness and thickness of her thighs. 

Alice was pleased and knew it was her purpose to spread even more of her kind across the stars. "Rise." she said and both the changed women rose unsteadily to their feet. From their random spasms and heavy breathing, Alice could tell more changes were still being wrought upon them. 

But she didn't have time to wait for them to be perfect. Already she could see the first of the containment teams outside the door. Her sensors scanned Casey quickly. 

Conversion had replaced more of her human flesh with nanites than with Alice and even Beth. Alice rapidly deduced that Casey would be an excellent shield, the nanites able to recover from any damage inflicted within seconds. 

"Casey." she said at last. "You will lead. You will kill. There are too many to subvert for the Masters." 

The woman nodded slowly, a strand of drool descending from her open lips. 

Alice had imparted too many nanites upon her at once, devouring much of her brain and thus her personality. Alice didn't feel too bad about it. Her species would always need more drones in the wars to come. 

"Dr. Jennings! Unlock the door!" yelled the captain outside. 

Casey walked in front of the door, her finger nails elongated into ten inch talons. Beth fashioned her nanites into a gun while Alice fashioned another shoulder cannon from her back. 

"Here we go." 

Two Years Later 

Supreme Commander Jang watched the screens intently. Across a thousand worlds, the Terran Consortium's holdings were in flames, crumbling before a threat far more insidious than the starting sparks of colonist rebellion. 

Aliens. 

Terran Consortium scientists had cured the rebel problem alright, set loose one snake in the garden to kill another. And now this snake had developed an appetite for mankind. Jang could only watch as he saw his men taken to the ground by lightning fast hybrids. The battlefield strains did not even bothering with copulation, just stuffing their overripe tits in the faces of his troops while their infectious black nanites streamed off their bodies, assimilating his men into mindless shock troopers, their rifles melded into their arms. 

He looked at another monitor. 

It was a colonist metropolis, eerily peaceful but for the orgy in the streets. No dead bodies. No overturned cars. No flames. He saw one of the male aliens jamming his giant phallus down the throat of one woman, pouring gout after gout of liquid black nanites into her belly. The volume was so great that he even saw it leak past her mouth and down onto her trembling tits. 

He saw one man, being humped down in his car, a pair of snow white, heart shaped ass cheeks rising up and down on his cock. The man convulsed within his seat as moving darkness swarmed off her hands and onto his head. 

The screens all switched at once, this time focusing on a trio of goddesses. 

Jang's face twisted into a frown, hating what formidable opponents these women had proven to be. He hated how much he wanted them. Alice's massive and jutting breasts, like great mounds encased in high gloss latex, to say nothing of the outrageous femininity of her comrades, exploding with every curve and swoop of their legs, hips and ripe cheeks. But most of all... he hated the ones who made Alice what she was. 

"Fuckin' Jennings... what were you thinking." He took a seat and stroked his chin, taking in the sexual carnage, the irresistible tide that absorbed man and woman alike. "I'd rather fight rebels for two decades than deal with this shit..." He saw Alice lead a tidal wave of nanite hybrids against an army of riot police. They smashed through the shields as if they were water. He saw Alice's lips part in a raucous moan as she wrapped her shining thighs around one officer's head, the nanites seemingly melting his cranium down from the sides as he was assimilated. 

He sighed and pressed the button at the side of his chair for his assistant to enter. "It's going to be a long war..." he muttered. 

"Maybe not." said his assistant, her voice low and sensual. 

Jang turned in his chair, confusion written across his face. Ceira Narani, ever the prim and proper administrative assistant, now sauntered into the watch room in a way designed to ignite primal attraction. She swished her fulsome hips, her long stiletto accentuated the sleek muscle tone of her legs, cloaked in a skin tight layer of shiny black. 

"How the fuck-" Jang did not have time to ponder how Ceira had been assimilated. He reached for the pulse pistol at his waist. Ceira slid across the distance impossibly fast, snatching the weapon from his grip with her long, delicate fingers. 
