 Artemi bent the diminutive girl over the cot and spanked her until each pale cheek was blushing scarlet. Then she grabbed the timid creature by her dark curls, coaxing from her a whimper, and yanked her backward until her back arched and she was staring up with mascara-stained eyes. 

"Enough dragon tears, slut. I know exactly who you are." Artemi said before giving her a final possessive slap on the ass. The girl gave a combination of a sob and a moan and nodded her head submissively.

Roughly using her hair, Artemi pulled the girl down onto her knees. She kneeled with her hands open at her sides. Artemi leaned back on the cot and opened her legs. Controlling her by her dark lochs, she straddled the girl's face. 

From between her legs, the girl looked up waiting for permission. The iron collar around her neck glowed; the azure runes brightly displayed against the cold metal throbbed rhythmically as the magic coursing through the collar coerced the tiny thing into obedience towards her cruel mistress. 

Artemi nodded her head, and the shy girl bent forward, took a few tentative laps, then buried herself in her job. 

Despite her innocent appearance, her actions showed years of experience at pleasuring women. Her tongue lapped away at Artemi's sex. Her nose rested against Artemi's flaxen bush. A smile on Artemi's face and a faint trembling of her thighs were the only signs of the effect the girl's efforts were having on her.

She seemed challenged by the stoic display her oral experimenting had caused and redoubled her efforts. Soon, her head was nodding rigorously. Artemi gripped her black curls more tightly, feeling the beginning crest of an orgasm coming on, closed her eyes, and grit her teeth. 

Artemi stopped in her tracks and grit her teeth. Anyone watching her would assume she was lost but might lose an appendage if they ever suggested it. There was no greater slander than accusing an Operative of being lost. 

She was standing in the midst of a long trail lined with large coniferous trees. The trail must have been a road at some point. There were two parallel rivets in the earth, now overgrown with moss, where someone had once taken wagons down this path. But now moss and roots had overturned everything and nature had taken it back. 

These woods were supposed to be safe, at least last time Artemi recalled, back when the Patriarch still ruled at the center of Gyrium. Bandits knew not to prey on folk this close to Midgyr with Crown patrols about, but of course, Matriarch Malaveve had little interest in paying barrack fees, even with new taxes. Artemi guessed that this forest hadn't seen a patrol in many years. Rumors were that monsters were ignoring the armistice and congregating along the edges of the ring of mountains surround Midgyr. Men, unhappy with the queen and her new laws, were joining them and becoming a bandit army.

"Help me! Please!" A plaintive cry escaped the dark maw of the forest. Artemi pondered for a few minutes with a laconic expression on her face. It was possible that someone out there needed help; it was possible that they might have better directions. It was very likely that this was just a murderous trap waiting to be sprung on travelers who relied on decades-old knowledge of these road systems. Artemi made up her mind and stepped off the path.

Artemi found the young girl in a red mini-cape and an attached hood on the floor of a glade sobbing into her hands. 

Artemi coughed. The youngling looked up with tears brewing in her doe-like eyes. Underneath the cape, her figure was enhanced by a black bustier and a black mini-skirt with red trim. Her tears only resulted in giving her face a shining radiance marked by two dark wakes of mascara. It looked sort of like two rosy red apples sliced apart by smokey arrows. Her pale skin, streaked with tears and mascara, glistened like moonlight off a brook. She wasn't a child per se, though her expression was docile, but a young woman, a beautiful young woman in a vermillion cloak as incongruous as anyone could be in this dark place.

The young girl looked at Artemi with concern. There were worse things in this forest that could have found her, Varulfur and even Stone skin trolls, but Artemi was still an intimidating presence. 

Artemi's face was attractive, but angular and hardened, disfigured by a nasty scar that ran along her cheek. Her silver hair cut short to her scalp. Artemi wore tight leather breeches and a vest. A cotton shirt clung tightly to her skin, opened in a V down to her perspiring chest. Her small cups and nipples protruding through the fabric. She was definitely sexy, in a dominating predatory sort of way; she might have even looked pretty in another life, where she hadn't grown up an orphan, joined the Patriarch army as an Operative, became an exiled Avatar, and now took jobs as a bounty hunter at the farthest Gyr from Center you could get. 

The girl's fear changed to pleading. She crawled quickly over to Artemi and grasped her by the leg. Her face rested against Artemi's tight leather breeches. Her tiny hands slid up between her legs. 

"Please," She said, " Help me. I'm lost. There are wolves."

"Varulfur actually, or so I was told by the people of Dimtown, though their hunting grounds are usually deeper and further." 

"Varulfur then," The girl whimpered. "I heard them howling. The townspeople say Varulfur like to hunt young girls. They say they do more than eat them."

"You're from Dimshade Village then?"

The girl nodded her head eagerly. Her hands held onto Artemi for dear life. She looked like a little, lost puppy. "I live outside of it actually. My father was a hunter. He kept me out in a cabin in the woods. Only let me come to town when he was selling pelts. He knew all about my condition. Wanted to keep me from the town boys. But you can't blame a girl for wanting a little warmth now and then."

Artemi looked down at the girl appraisingly. "Alright," She said. She lifted the tiny thing up into her arms with surprising strength. The girls head rested below her chin. "What's your name?"

She smiled through the sniffles and wiped her eyes with her cape. Her young breasts pushed up like dessert on a plate by her bustier jiggled as she wiped her eyes. "Red, mistress. Red Rider. And you must be my knight in shining armor." 

With her leather bracers and pauldrons, her bow and arrow and hunting knife, Artemi looked nothing like a traditional knight. In fact, Artemi had a disdainful view of knights. Riding in on their lily-white battle steeds, disdainful of the tactical secrets procured by their Operatives, they often accepted all the glory and left the dirty bits to the common soldiers under them. 

She grimaced, but Red took no notice. 

"I was walking along the road and I heard a growl. I thought it had to be those wolves or Varulfur everyone talked about. I got scared and ran off the path, then I got lost. I had given up hope. I didn't even care if the wolves found me. I just didn't want to be in this forest after dark. I'm sooooo scared of the dark."

Telling her story seemed to trigger a fresh set of sobbing from Red Rider and she soon was weeping against Artemi's chest. Artemi could feel the girl's firm, young breast pressing against her. The girl's tear and mascara left a butterfly image on Artemi's linen shirt. 

Artemi nodded her head. Word has gotten around that a pack of Varulfur had made a home in this forest. Word had said these Varulfur were targeting merchants traveling from Dimroad to Outroad, ripping them limb by limb, scattering their bodies across the roads in little pieces, taking all of their gold. A girl who lived here might know something. "If I protect you, do you have a place where I could stay?"

Red nodded. "My father passed away when I was eighteen and left me the small cabin in the woods. It was the only good thing he ever did for me."

"Good," said Artemi, "I am kind of lost myself. It's been several years since I last was here. It looks like they moved the main road."

Red clung to Artemi and said, "Yes, people stopped using that road several years ago. New Dimroad now parallels it."

"That explains that." Said Artemi. She realized that with a new road being parallel to the old one it shouldn't be too hard to find. She smiled at the girl. Her grin was wolfish. 

She sized up the girl's figure beneath her shawl and bodice. Red blushed and her fingers played with the hem of her skirt. 

"Well, maybe we can help each other. I lead you home. Protect you from dangerous beasts. You make me a nice meal and a warm bed. And you can tell me the best way through this forest." 

"Thank you so much, kind mistress," Gushed Red. She gave Artemi a kiss on the cheek. Her skin smelled of perfume. "I can't thank my rescuer without knowing her name. "

"Artemi."

"Well, Artemi, if the old road you were on came from that direction, then that must mean the new road is this way." She took Artemi's hand in hers and lead her perpendicular to the path that Artemi had been on. 

"What are you doing in the Dim Forest?" She asked, looking behind her. She caught the stoic older woman admiring her pert ass under her flouncing skirt. 

"I'm a hunter."

"Are you here to hunt the Varulfur?"

"I fought Varuflur before during the Beastling Wars. It's hard to imagine them in Midgyr. Stay away from humans for the most part. Learned it's not worth the price to steal a lamb or a virginal maiden."

The girl shivered. "A female hunter. You must be very dangerous to do that all by yourself. Were you a part of the Patriarch's army? Have you seen much of Gyr? Have you been to the Center? " 

"Is it lonely living by yourself in the forest?" Artemi changed the subject.

"Who says I live by myself?" Red answered.

Artemi shrugged and Red giggled again and playfully pressed herself against the stoic scout. "No, occasionally I get visitors. Merchants and such. They help make my nights a little less lonely. There is only so much fun a girl can have by herself."

Suddenly they came across a new earthen road that was clearly better kept than the last one. 

"My house is right down there along the road." Red pointed down the dimly lit road. "We get fewer merchants nowadays because of the attacks. It will be so nice when these roads will be safe again. It's getting late knight, let me take you home, give you some food and a soft bed. You can tell me more about your heroics. "

Artemi grabbed the girl and pulled her towards her. Artemi's hands slid under Red's skirt to grab her ass cheeks. She reached down and kissed her hungrily. Red melted in her arms. Artemi could feel Red's tongue in her mouth exploring. When Artemi pulled back, Red stared up at her with adoration. "I've never done that with a girl before. I really liked it. Can you teach me other things?"

Artemi nodded. "But I won't be able to stay the next morning. I need to figure out what is happening with the merchants traveling through this forest and disappearing. Need to earn my Dimtown bounty."

"How horrible. How can those creatures be so vicious? At least I have a beautiful Valkyr maiden to protect me."

"Townsfolk say its Varulfur. But Townfolks are superstitious. The bodies I inspected weren't eaten. A Varulfur might kill a man. It's happened in the colder winters, but no Varulfur I've ever seen would neglect to eat him down to the marrow."

"Well, whatever is out there. I'm glad I have you to protect me." 

"Are you sure you are the only one who lives here?"

Red looked quizzical. "I told you that ever since my father died it is only me. These nights get so cold without company. So when you fought for the Patriarch did you ever get a chance to see him?"

Artemi remembered the long table. In the end, the Patriarch caroused with a tankard in each hand and a tittering girl under each arm. On each side of him the long line of Avatars. Heroes, created by the Patriarch's union with Gyria itself. All of them out of myth and legend. The defenders of Gyr, her bastard children by the Patriarch himself. Beside her were Therian and Sohrab. Therian, dark and moody as usual. Sohrab, reciting some form of Basilikan sonnet to a table wench. 

"Back when the Patriarch ruled?"

Artemi nodded. The Patriarch had died and now Malaveve ruled. The Avatars were gone. 

"Wow. Matriarch Malaveve has certainly shaken things up in Dominia. Of course, these things barely affect us out here Midgyr. They say that she has outlawed the sale of female slaves, and outlawed the service of concubines" 

"You've never wanted to travel Centergyr, see the capital of Dominia or Meridian?"

Red's face darkened. "I prefer it out in the country. My father said the cities were always filled with bad men with their strong opinion about what they wanted to do with a little girl like me. Maybe things are different now that Matriarch reigns."

"You seemed like a country bumpkin when I met you, but I also felt like someone I had known before. A girl from the city."

"Lucky girl." Giggled Red. "Enough about me." 

Red took Artemi's hand. "A girl has to have some secrets."

"Wait," said Red. "Here it is."

There was a little cottage that stood on the edge of the well-traveled road. Behind it, there was a tiny lumber yard that had fallen into disuse with time. The woods around the cottage were silent except for competing songbirds.

Red turned to Artemi, skipping and smiling saucily. "Now that we are home. I can award my courageous knight with a meal and a warm bed. It will be nice to finally have some pillow talk."

She finished that statement with a sultry look. 

Artemi could see tiny cottage off in the distance. Smoke trickled out from a chimney. 

"Just wait until I get you inside." Red skipped up to Artemi grabbed her by the collar and kissed her. The kiss was passionate and filled with newly awakened sexual energy. It was the kiss of a girl trapped away in the woods for too long, and finally having a secret part of her awakened. Red's tongue slipped into Artemi's mouth and Artemi tasted her. 

Artemi was like any other soldier of the Patriarch. She had kissed scores of girls, some whores, and some ladies, but she had to admit that Red was one of the best. 

Red backed away panting. "I always knew those boys couldn't interest me. That I needed someone else. I could just tell when you looked at me that you knew what you wanted to do to me. I want you to teach me how to please you. I've never been with another woman though I think I always wanted to, please teach me..." She reached up and took Artemi's fingers and started to suckle on them. 

Artemi stared down at the girl. She was tempted to take her right on the front porch. To pull her down onto the wood slats, and reach beneath her red skirt. 

"Go into the house." She sighed huskily. 

Red skipped into her cabin. There was a moment of silence, and then a scream. 

Artemi stood in the doorframe, and stared down at Red kneeling on the floor, her pale face even paler with shock. Five dead men lay against the back wall of the room, each pierced in the eye by an arrow. They didn't look like merchants, more like bandits. 

A hand holding a sap reached out and tapped Red on the back of the head and she collapsed on the floor. 

Red woke up in her bed, her body naked underneath the sheets. The bodies were gone. A trail of dried blood led out the front door. Red reached up and gingerly touched an iron collar that was wrapped around her neck. Chains extended down the collar to attach to manacles on her wrists. 

Artemi was sitting at the small table. She had pulled off her leather pauldrons and dropped her short sword and longbow on the counter. She was lighting a rolled paper cigarette with a strip of wood and puffing her cheeks in and out to get the tobacco lit. Red noticed there was a fire going in the hearth. 

Artemi turned towards the girl who was hiding her young body behind the blankets.

"Good you're awake."

"The men."

"I cleared them out of here."

The girl nodded and asked. "Do you think the Varuflurs did that."

Artemi shook the kindling until it was snuffed. "No, Varulfurs rend and tear. Someone else killed those men. Someone who was a good shot. All the men hit through the eye."

The girl nodded and her petite feet touched the floorboards. "Do you think we are safe."

"I think I am very much safe. You, however, are very much in danger."

The girl's eyes narrowed. "Where are my clothes?"

Artemi stopped smoking. "I burned them. I figured a good girl, a modest girl. Wouldn't go running out of the house buck naked. Not unless she was a whore."

Red's expression changed. Instantly, the innocent waif was gone and replaced with steely arrogance. A shift in her body language and she was now older, and more experienced. 

The girl hissed and leaped from the bed to slap Artemi, but quicker than an adder, the white-haired woman grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her into her lap. Naked, Red squealed and wiggled until Red grasped her by the hair and yanked her head back. 

Red's mouth was dry as she swallowed. 

"Of course I know who killed those men," said Artemi, "it was me."

"Are you going to kill me too?" Asked Red scared.

Artemi ran her hands down the lithe girl's body as she tried to pull away. The girl bucked under her caress. 

"I suppose that depends," Artemi said. "Like I told you I'm a hunter. So tell me more about these Varulfurs you've heard about."

"I told you," said Red, "I've heard them howling in the forest."

Artemi threw her back against the bed. She pulled out a jagged saw blade that was covered in dry blood. 

Red cried and pressed herself against the wooden wall as far away from Artemi as she could get. Her scared eyes kept glancing towards the door now locked and barred.

Artemi stepped towards her, and Red turned and closed her eye tight unwilling to look at the jagged tooth blade coming towards. "Please," she begged, "Please, please don't kill me."

Artemi placed the blade under her chin and used it to guide face until she faced Artemi.

"Do you know what this is?"

Red continued to weep.

"A saw meant to cut through bone and sinew. Look at the teeth, shaped like a wolf. If someone were to kill a man, and then make it look as if a Varulfur did it, they might saw the body apart with this kind of blade, and then if some superstitious townsperson came along, and found the body ripped apart, they might assume that the body had been fed on by Varulfurs."

"I don't know what you are talking about. I told you everyone knows that the Varulfurs did it."

"I talked to the Varulfur pack. They know to stay far away from Dimtown. They are more afraid of people than people of them. This saw, the one that matches perfectly the cuts I studied back in Dimtown, where the mayor hired me to find the killer, was on the body of one of the bandits you saw earlier. I tracked the bandits to this cabin, to your cabin, I recognized the saw on the one bandit's hip, five arrows later I was done, murders avenged and gold in my pocket."

"Then you saved me twice, if I had come back home they would have killed me."

Artemi said nothing. Instead, she turned her back on the girl, and walked to the other side of the room, dropping the saw on the kitchen table as she did so. She reached down to her belt and pulled out a parchment which she then unscrolled. She pulled her dagger from its sheath and tacked the parchment to the wall. The parchment had a crude sketch of a sultry woman. Someone had used dark brick colored ink to paint the woman's hair red. Underneath in bold letters it said: "RED HOOD. WHORE. THIEF. MURDERESS. 500 CROWNS FOR CAPTURE AND BROUGHT BEFORE THE MAGISTRATE. 

There was a hiss like a wild cat behind Artemi and the sound of a saw blade being lifted from a table. Artemi whispered the sigil word: "Immobilius" and heard behind her a grunt and a choking grasp. She turned around. 
