 For Dear Ms. Alice. I hope you enjoy. 

★★★★★★★★★★★

The message read as clear as day on my screen. I had been leering at the paragraph for more than thirty minutes. I was struck silent. There was a rush of static dancing across my bare arms. I was definitely reading this correctly. 

[Mistress]Pet, today is a new day and finally a new mission. Your mistress remembers the stories of your sexy roommate and now I want you to act on the urges you tell me about so expressly. When she gets home from work I want you to find her shoes and her socks. You told me that she wears long thigh high socks. I want you to catalog her scent thoroughly and report it make to me. In great detail. I've sent you a few links about that roommate of yours. I hope you find them informational. 

Without giving it a second thought I opened the first link and scoured through the article. The title jumped out at me. INVESTIGATION FOR FUTANARI SEX RING STILL ONGOING. I read every sentence slowly and tried to keep my mind from bouncing off the wall. These futa women have a chemical pheromone in their DNA that is so powerful that women can actually get addicted. It's secreted through their sweat, their saliva, even their blood and ejaculate. A group of women were hold up one of these futa women's homes refusing to leave. 

Eventually the families and neighbors who were worried about the women got the local authorities involved. But after hours of interviews and medical scans there was no evidence of foul play. The futa woman had no real comment and only told reporters that she was a servicewoman and the fact that she didn't even get paid for it made her practically the Red Cross. The photo on the article was a tall muscular woman talking to reporters while men in police uniform held back a myriad of women with crazed hungry looks in their eyes. They were probably trying to back to the futa for more of her chemical pheromone.

As I finished the article I felt the rush of static stop and hold itself in place. In my head, behind my eyes and circling around my pelvis. These girls were slaves to this woman. She could make them juggle flaming chainsaws for her and they would gladly do so. The idea of it was frightening behind measure, but thrilling, absolutely thrilling. The second link was from a medical journal. 

The doctor Janine Banks was the new hot news among many people in the medical field. She had just married a woman Arlene Chobakov who was a futa woman and took this opportunity to make an all inclusive medical recap on the new wave of humanity. In 2034 MecaDov Inc., the leading pharmaceutical company released a miracle drug called Hermcentaphil. This new medication was meant to be a permanent birth control for women didn't want to have children for at least a year after the first use. There was no FDA approval but the human trials went incredibly well. However at the end of the year after the second dose was applied to some and fertilization was given to other both cases had very strange results. 

The group who took the second dose were told that same day to have unprotected penetrative sex. The group who chose the fertilization were told to start a regimen of specialty prenatal drugs. The second dose group grew male genitalia after the first session of sex. And the group who chose the second option were unable to get pregnant. This was a secret mishap and had no light on it until a year later. The doctors surmised if a second dose could cause adverse effects than a third dose should get rid of those effects. 

This however was not the case. The second dose group grew larger and more muscular. The average futa size is 7'4 with a penis size of at least 13 inches as opposed to human men who average to about 6'2 with a penis size of 5 inches. And the fertilization group not only grew penises but we're driven by the almost animalistic urge to impregnate normally formed women. Later MecaDov made a serum to suppress this urge. This group averaged at around 10 inches in size. The subjects in the human testing went public and the delicious scandal swept across the country.

MecaDov was shut down due to bankruptcy from the litigation and the doctors who tried to make a cure for the afflicted were unsuccessful. Dr. Banks was on a mission to familiarize the world with the anatomy and physiology of Futanari. This would lessen the taboo and stigma surrounding the entire race of women. Dr. Branks ends the article by saying that it is not a cure for this Futanari epidemic but a cure for the hate and uncaring in the world. 

There were several pictures of Dr. Branks wife Arlene posing and being measured. Her cock was half hard and slowly started to curve upward. My eyes glazed over as I thought of all the places that thick bell end would pound into. As I was zooming into the several blatant dick pics on the article page, the door swung open. In walked Penelope Walker. My roommate and at one time personal trainer. She had been one of the second dose group that had a huge horse cock and muscles to match. 

When I moved in she told me she'd never make her affliction a problem if I didn't. She had also never hit on me or made a move on me. I knew by the sound of the moans and thumps constantly coming from her room that she had plenty of willing sex partners. I wasn't jealous. Well, maybe a little. Penelope was gorgeous. Exactly my type. Her hair was a natural curly red and her eyes were this piercing green. Every time she looked at me I was trapped in her stare. Her body was sculpted and riveting. With every step she took her muscles flexed and clenched in a hypnotic way. And it was next to impossible not to notice the ridiculous bulge in the front of her usually tight gym clothes. I kept my eyes to myself as often as I could. Which really wasn't very often. 

"Lizzy! I'm home! I brought home dinner! Where are you girl?!"

I closed my phone quickly and shoved it between the couch cushions in an attempt to hide my naughty business from Penelope. I jumped up and turned around the corner to find her standing in the doorway of the kitchen. 

"How was work Pen?"

"A little dry but I powered through it. There was this poor guy who couldn't even get through a single set out of ten."

I chuckled and came to take some of the bags out of her hands. Penelope dropped what was left on the table and sat in one of the dining room chairs. I leaned against the counter and watched as Pen kick her shoes off. She tossed them behind her and they hit the door. I watched her do the same thing with her socks and walk off to her bed room. From where I was standing I heard the shower and Penelope's music. Without waiting another second I went to the door and picked up one of her socks. They were the long thigh high kind with the cute colored strips at the top. She had a dozens of pairs and they always looked so good on her.

I lifted the sock to my nose and inhaled deeply. The scent made my knees buckled. I could feel my head filling with smoke and if I hadn't have grabbed onto the door handle I would have folded like origami. Goosebumps broke out across my skin and I could feel the tiny hairs standing up. The tingling below the belt increased and I could almost hear my panties becoming soaked. 

What the fuck, man? It smells so sexy. Keep sniffing. Get more! 

I pressed the sock into my nose a little harder and took another inhale. The same effect but stronger. This time I did fall. Right on my ass. It took me a second to realize that I was no longer standing and my entire body was shaking. I looked down at the crumpled sock in my hand. My eyes caught her sexy high tops sitting against the door. I'd never seen her wear any other shoes. Even to work out. I picked it up faster than I'm actually proud of and brought the shoe to my face. The smell was more concentrated here and the smoke filling my head seemed to get thicker. My eyes started to cloud and the cool feeling of the door was up against my back. My arms fell to the side and I dropped Penelope's shoe. I didn't feel my eyes close. 

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

When I woke up I was in my bed. My forehead felt cool and damp. Penelope was sitting by my side with a rag in her hand. Her face was creased with worry. When she noticed my eyes were open her face changed into anger. I gasped as Penelope thumped me on the head with the tops of her fingers. 

"Fuck Elizabeth! You can't just go passing out everywhere. You scared the shit out of me!"

I got another thump from her and I couldn't help but smile. I sat up and tried to shake the groggy feeling I had. It was then that I noticed I was only wearing my bra and underwear. 

"Pen, honey, did you undress me?"

She looked a little embarrassed and rubbed the back of her neck. 

"I thought maybe you had overheated or something so I tried to get you to cool down. I wasn't perving on you or anything."

I chuckled and got up. I was in the process of cooking when Penelope came home and when I got to the kitchen I saw that she had finished the meal. Two plates of chicken parmesan and spaghetti sat on the table. A beer on Pen's side and a glass of water on mine. 

"Thanks for finishing up here. I'll get the dishes after we're done."

"Bull shit! You're going to relax after eating. I don't know if you remember this but you fucking fainted. Just eat and then kick back. I got the dishes for tonight."

I smiled and went back to my room for something to wear. After I was dressed we ate and Penelope made good on her word by cleaning the kitchen. I ended up in bed awake. I could hear Penelope snoring through the wall. She seemed like a pretty heavy sleeper. But I couldn't get a wink. My mind kept circling on her scent and the articles that Mistress had sent me. I remembered that I was supposed to tell her all about my experience. It was early so she was still awake. 

[Elizabeth] Good evening Mistress. Pardon me for my late response. I did as you told me to and got a good whiff of Penelope's socks and shoes. It was amazing. Her sweat was something I had never smelled before. It was heady and I am embarrassed to say it made me pass out. I can't stop thinking about the scent. It was terribly effecting and now I can't sleep. 

I know she would read it but not respond so I set my phone down and sat up in bed. I had been scratching at this spot on my arm and now it was stinging to the touch. A nervous tick I guess. Eventually I had gotten so worked up I couldn't sit in bed anymore. I took to pacing back and forth in front of Penelope's door. She was sleeping in there that's for sure. I doubt she would even notice if I went in. Her door was always cracked so I'd hardly make any noise. It would be so easy. 

Somehow before I even realized it I was standing in front of Penelope's bed. This was getting a little creepy. If she woke up she'd probably freak out. I kneeled at foot of her bed and tried to still my breathing. Her feet were poking out under her covers. They were so cute. Even after her shower her smell was all over her. The smokey feeling was filling my head again. There wasn't a damn thing I could do to stop myself. With a shuddering breath I started to move closer and closer. I could feel Penelope's warmth right in front of my lips.

"Either shit or get off the pot, Lizzy."

I froze like a startled cat and flicked my eyes toward the head board. Penelope was looking down at me. And I was caught red handed. 

"Pen, it's not really what it looks like. I had dropped something while I was cleaning and I needed it before tomorrow morning."

I heard her soft chuckle fill the silent dark of her bedroom. I could tell she didn't believe a word of it.

"You were always a shitty liar Lizzy. Now that I've caught you with your hand in the cookie jar, how about you tell me what you're really going here."

I sighed in defeat and stood up. 

"I love your smell Pen. It sounds weird but you gotta let me smell you. It's so addicting. Please Pen. I'll do anything."

I watched Penelope's face turn into a grin. 

"You know if you want a good smell you can always come up here."

As she said that Penelope pulled her covers off of her. A slowly rising half hard on laid against her legs. I gasped softly and crawled onto the bed. I kneeled between her legs and looked at her. Was she being serious? I hope so because my mouth was already starting to water. I had already had a piece of that amazing chemical hiding in her genes. I was ready for a real taste. 

"Pen?"

I had to call her name. To make sure I was really in this moment. That we were really here. That this is what she wanted. Penelope gave no words, she just nodded at me once. I knew what she meant. It was ok to keep going. My hands were shaking as I picked up the heavy organ. I bit my lip as the same scent wafted toward my nose. I couldn't stop myself again. I dove right in and pressed nose into the base of Penelope's cock. I was stroking her thickening shaft and sniffing her scent in madly. The ache to feel her between my lips was too strong to resist. 

I groaned softly and tried to stretch my mouth around her. It almost hurt but the taste was too good ignore. After I pulled my mouth away I worked my tongue up and down the slowly growing organ. I made my second attempt to take Penelope's cock into my mouth. Spit had slipped between my lips and was now all over my face. It only spurred me to take this monster cock further. I had gotten four thick inches before Penelope had to take over. I felt her huge hand on the back of my head. Her hips surged up and her hand slammed down on my hand. 

My jaw felt ready to pop. I felt my throat spasming and clutching at the new intruder. I was thanking my lucky stars that my gag reflex had been suppressed years ago. We both knew I wasn't taking every inch but that didn't mean Penelope wasn't going to try. I had taken 8 inches well before she prodded something that meant she could go no further. Tears were pouring from my burning eyes as Penelope used my throat like her own personal pussy. It was scary how much her smell and her precum were making me forget what was happening. My legs had spread themselves and soon my hands were in my panties. 

My pussy was covered in a thick slipper excitement that let me slip two of my slim fingers into my hole. I matched my own movements with Penelope's fast thrusts. It wasn't difficult to get into a sweet pace. My face started to get hot as the time continued to pass. I was numb from the nose down and toes seemed to be permanently curled. It felt like almost an hour had passed when Penelope shouted that she was cumming. 

"I'm gonna flood your fucking throat Lizzy!"

Her cock was pressed to deep into my throat that the torrent of cum went straight into my stomach. There was no end to the stream. Penelope just kept cumming and cumming. I felt my stomach stretch as if I had three Thanksgiving feasts. Her cum was filling me up. The idea was maddening and I was cumming all over my hand and the bedspread before I realized it. The sucking sound of Penelope pulled her still hard fuck stick out of my mouth was enough to make my head real. Some of her cum had followed and fell onto my lips and chin. I finally got to taste the thick intense smelling liquid. 

I couldn't even describe it. It was the most delicious thing I had ever tasted. I was scoping it off of my face and licking it off my hands like a starving man. I started licking Penelope cleaned next. My mind cried for more. More of that delicious cream. I felt my tongue roll out of my mouth as I started to catch my breath. 

"You want more Lizzy? You look like you can't get enough. Show me how a good girl begs to cock."

I climbed up her legs and turned away from her. My hands rested on her thighs as I drag my wet pussy across her slippery hard on. My moans were weak and drunk. But it was more than obvious what I was begging for. I heard Penelope chuckle again but my mind was so far gone all I could think of was being split open by that enormous skewer. There was a hand wrapped around the back of my throat. My face was pressed into the wet spot I had left on the sheets and my ass was up in the air. 

"Fuck my pussy, fuck my pussy. Pussy fuck fuck fuck."

Another laugh from Penelope. I probably looked absolutely wanton but then again I was. More than wanton for what she was about to give me. I could only groan as the wide tip speared into me. With a few pushes the bell end was fully inside me. My fist were clenched and wrapped up in the crumpled sheets. The pain was amazing. With every inch that Penelope forced her way into she gave me a smack on the ass. Eventually the spot got so sensitive I was practically screaming with each swat. After a full five minutes of pushing I felt Penelope's pelvis against my ass. 

"Here's where it gets really intense Lizzy."

More intense? Could I take anymore? We'd see I suppose. I thought I'd fall out as Penelope's hips slammed against me. She pulled everything but the head out then crammed everything back inside at a maddening pace. There was no keeping up. I could barely hang on to the bed so trying to participate seemed impossible. My hand went to my belly and I felt the tip of the monster cock inside me press out with each thrust. The copious amount of cum swished and sloshed around like someone shaking up a jug of milk. I couldn't keep track of all the times my body had orgasmed. My mind had left me. And I was completely under the will of Penelope and her cock. 

This time I knew hours had gone past. More slamming and spanking. It was murderously good and I also knew that I wouldn't let this be the first and last time Penelope fucked me. I felt her hand wrapped around my throat again and squeeze tightly. My face got hot again and I felt Pen's hips shake. She was gonna fill me again. I was gonna take all of her hot cum inside me. 

"Fuck Lizzy, your tight little cock sleeve is gonna make me nut. Bet you'd love that wouldn't you. No condom, no birth control. Just my swimmers fucking you up inside. You ready to get addicted to this cock, girl?"

I nodded as best as I could. The choked up gasps for air weren't enough and I could feel the faintness coming for. Penelope must have sense it to before she held my throat but no longer squeezed so tightly. Lights and stars dance before my eyes. My mind was fixated on cock and being a willing cum bucket. The sound of Penelope shouting shook me out of my daze. It sounded like my name. What came next was even more amazing than the first. I felt a rush of cum flowing into me. It lasted for almost three straight minutes. My body went completely slack and I felt my stomach stretch even more. It was like a vacuum as Penelope tried to pull her cock out of me. She fell back and took me with her.

I was laid back against her legs in a state of comatose. My belly poked out like a five month pregnant lady. With every move I heard Penelope's cum moving around. 

"It'll be like that for a few days. It'll come out all at once. Probably in the shower or something. I guess this means you'll be missing a few days of work huh?"

I couldn't speak. I had forgotten how to about an hour ago. I just nodded numbly. I knew I would eventually pass out. There was no point in trying to fight it. After everything was done my mind was on my Mistress's reaction to what I had just done.