 "This heat is unbearable."

"I thought you were from Florida? Shouldn't you be able to handle a little heat?"

"At least in Florida there're trees! At least in Florida there's an ocean to swim in! At least in Florida, there are beautiful, bikini-clad ladies looking to get a tan! Here in the middle of the desert, there's no shade, no water, and none of the woman even show ankle! I'll take Florida heat to this any day."

It was times like these that made Shane Thomas think twice about his chosen profession. He had always been interested in history and growing up in Tampa in a very conservative Christian family made him very acquainted in Biblical history. And while he became less interested in his family's faith, Middle Eastern archeology became a perfect career fit for him. But as his time went on in college, he realized that most of the good places to dig had already been dug or were forbidden from exploration due to religious reasons. So to spice things up, he decided to study abroad in England, in a program that guaranteed dig time in yet-untouched places.

And that's where he met Shannon, a beautiful Irish lass also in his program and participating in this season's dig. Her red, curly hair and freckles lent themselves to endless daydreams for Shane; who was also quite stricken by Shannon's light Irish brogue, which had clearly been watered down by years of living in Britain. "It's still cute though," he thought to himself.

He had never made a move on Shannon, and there were good reasons he supposed. She was probably his best friend on this dig, he couldn't jeopardize that. The dig was taking place in a remote part of northeastern Israel. If he had tried to make his move and was rebuffed, there would be plenty of time for awkward moments, although the Syrian Golan Heights artillery only 10 miles away always provided an easy out... But the dig season was in its last week, and he had figured that now was his only chance, because once they got back to civilization, he'd have to hack his way through her admirers like a machete through jungle vines.

Shane wasn't anything ugly by any means, just average - average in every way. Five foot nine, brown hair, brown eyes, not heavy but not athletic- he really was just plain, and he knew it.

"Shane, come over here! I think I found something!" yelled Shannon.

Shane ran over and knelt down into the hole that Shannon had been working in. As she slowly brushed away the sand and dirt, one could slowly make out what looked like a necklace.

"It's beautiful!" Shane exclaimed as the red and green inlaid gems started to glimmer in the setting sunlight.

"It's a talisman; Shane, start digging around here to see if you can find anything with it!" cried Shannon.

Shane eagerly retrieved his trowel, came back to Shannon's worksite, and hurriedly began to search for other items that may have once fallen near the talisman. Once she had freed the necklace from the ground, Shannon left the site to show the dig leader what she had found. Shortly thereafter, Shane began to unearth what looked like a statue. He had seen many like them around, but this one possessed a disproportionately large phallus at his waist and had horns extending from the side of his head. Standing six, maybe eight inches tall, the horns clearly identified it as a statue of Ba'al, the ancient Semitic head god and lord of the sky and rain. Once completely unearthed, Shane brought it over to Shannon and the dig leader to present what he found.

"Professor, I'm sorry to interrupt, but I found this statue very close to where we found the talisman. I think this may have significance in regard to it," explained Shane.

"I agree," the professor replied. "Place the two items in the artifact tent and then get washed up. We all leave camp tomorrow morning; so we can further examine these items when we get back home."

Shane and Shannon did as the professor asker, but Shane couldn't wait. For whatever reason, he felt drawn to examine this statue further. 

Following dinner and after everyone had turned in for the night, Shane sneaked back into the artifact tent with a flashlight and picked up the statue. The moment he touched it though, the world around seemed to stop in time, when a voice suddenly broke the unnatural silence.

"You have found me."

"I'm sorry; who are you, and what do you mean I found you?" replied Shane.

"My name is Asherah, and I have been trapped in this statue, that is until you have given me voice. I am the mother god, the consort to Ba'al, and the creator of life."

"What do you want from me?" Shane asked. Shane was very well-versed in the Asherah and Ba'al myths of the Bible, but he had always assumed them to be just that, myth.

"You have allowed me to speak, yet I am still trapped. I require a vessel, as does my beloved, Ba'al."

"Whoa! We're talking possession here? No way! I don't believe in all that exorcist bull! It's all Hollywood and made up stories told by priests to keep people in line."

"My dear human, I assure you that it is very real," replied Asherah. "In the times when my beloved lorded over these lands, we inhabited a male and a female who served in leadership over our followers -- the male as the high king and the female as his high priestess and lover."

Shane had a tough time believing all of this. First, this is a statue talking to him in the middle of the desert. Maybe the heat really was getting to him...

Asherah continued, "As my discoverer, you are entitled to become the vessel for Ba'al. You shall be blessed with many gifts and will be allowed to choose your priestess, my vessel."

Shane could not help but be intrigued. His life had been one boring event, one mediocre day after another; that is until today when a talking statue asked him to be a god. "All right, what do I have to do?"

"First, I must be given my vessel so that I may perform the ritual to summon Ba'al into you. As his high priestess, I must come first so that he may be brought and welcomed into the world as a royal deity truly should. Ba'al is trapped in the talisman you found next to me."

When Asherah finished, Shane knew what he had to do and a big image of Shannon never left his mind. He took both the talisman and statue and stuffed them into his bag, which he then hid inside of his personal trunk for transport back to the UK. Shane then climbed into one of the camp's jeeps and crashed it into the artifact tent. Quickly finding a big rock, he placed it on the accelerator and watched as the jeep sped off into the desert as people dressed in robe and t-shirts quickly ran out of their tents only to find out what had created all that noise.

With the tent destroyed and items missing, the authorities accredited the entire affair to antiquity traffickers, and no further questions were asked.

****

Once back in the UK, Shane pulled out the statue and asked it, "OK, how do we bring you back?"

"As the creator, I can only be brought back by the one who will be my lover's vessel. You must place my statue near her while you copulate with her. At the moment of her highest pleasure, I will inhabit her body and make her my own."

Shane dove for his cellular and dialed Shannon's number. "Shannon? Shannon, I'm so sorry. I've been a fool for so long but I simply have to ask you this before I lose my nerve; do you want to grab something to eat sometime, maybe go see a movie? ... You do? ... Awesome! How about tomorrow night? ... Great! I'll meet you at seven." With that Shane hung up and walked down the hall to an old acquaintance of his.

William had been to get girls into bed on their first date, and Shane knew why. Rufies. 

"Will, I need some of your helpers," called out Shane.

"You got a big date tonight, Shane? It's Shannon isn't it?"

"If you must know yes, and but I'm not gunna touch her; it's just for..."

"I don't want to know," replied Will. "That's between you and your god." Will reach for a pill and handed it to Shane. "Here. Enjoy your night and good luck!"

The next night, Shane met Shannon at the nicest Italian restaurant in town. Her red curly hair bounced effortlessly, her smile brightened the night. And as she approached, he couldn't help but notice that she had the sexiest bust he has ever seen. He always thought of Shannon a cute and wonderful, but underneath all of those bulky archeology clothes was hiding a sex bomb. He had two big new reasons to be excited for later tonight.

"I'm really glad you asked me out you know; I feel like I've been waiting forever," stated Shannon.

"You mean you knew how I felt?" asked Shane.

"Shane, I'm a woman; I know these things," replied Shannon. And suddenly, Shane had no desire to use the pills he had obtained just yesterday.

In the restaurant, they ordered their meals, and Shane ordered a bottle of white wine to accompany it. After a few glasses, Shane ordered another and the night went on as two people had the best date of their lives.

Then as Shane was paying the check, Shannon asked something quite unexpected. "Shane, why don't we skip the movie? I'm feeling a little sleepy; I think I'd like to go home."

If it wasn't for the mischievous grin on Shannon's face, Shane might have been insulted. "Yeah, me too," he replied. "My place is closer; why don't we catch some shut-eye there."

The two quickly exited the restaurant and had a near footrace to Shane's flat. Once inside, the two locked lips in what seemed like a life or death situation. Shane peeled Shannon's top off and exposed a sexy black lace bra with the two beautiful pale orbs of sinful flesh in plain sight. This visage only encouraged Shane further as he peeled off his own shirt and pants and dragged Shannon into his bed.

Shane pulled off Shannon's skirt and panties in one motion, exposing her most private regions to Shane's fiendish mind. Shane dove down and began to lap at Shannon's juices as if he was back in the desert and this was the only refreshment around for days. Shannon's body began to grind and gyrate against Shane's manipulations. She was so wet, and Shane was doing everything he could to bring her to orgasm; when suddenly Shannon's back arched and her body became as stiff as a board as orgasm racked through her body.

In that moment, the statue that until now Shane how somehow forgotten began to glow white. Shannon's green eyes flew open and her arms flew out to her sides. Multiple orgasms ravaged Shannon's body as Shane's noticed her legs elongating and her breasts slowly increasing in size. Shannon was already a large B cup but Asherah seemed to have bigger plans in mind as Shannon's bust grew past a C, past a D, and settled at a large DD cup. Shannon body slowly came back down to earth, and as I got up off my knees and looked down at the new Shannon, I realized that she looked like she oozed sex like I was oozing precum as that very moment. 

Then she slowly turned her head at me, smiled, and said, "Hello my lover. It is I, Asherah, and I have come to please you once more in eternal service. Now, where were we?