 Shane stood there still not believing what he just watched. Moments prior, Shannon had been a normal red-headed woman in her early twenties who was just attending school in Middle Eastern archeology. Now she was the vessel for the goddess Asherah. Shane didn't even know what that meant. Was she now a god? Did she have powers? Or was she just the same as she always was, just with another consciousness inside of her? Who knew? 

"Master, have I displeased you in some way?" Asherah arose from her reclined position on the bed and stood worried in front of Shane. "Does not this vessel please you?" she asked.

"No, no! It pleases me greatly. You're incredible!" And she was. Before Asherah, Shannon was maybe five foot four, with an average body, red hair, and nice sized B cups. When Asherah possessed her body, she transformed into the embodiment of lust that stood before Shane. She had to stand at least five-eight, most of it perfectly shaped and toned legs, with the most beautiful set of grapefruit-sized breasts Shane had ever seen. She still wore her red hair, but her curls hung a little looser. There was an exotic beauty that Shane could not put his finger on, but it still made him stand in awe.

"I am happy that my new body satisfies you. I made some changes to it so that it can be more pleasing to you. Now, I wish to demonstrate how grateful I am to you for this new form." With that Asherah stepped towards Shane, wrapped her arms around Shane's shoulders and pulled him into a passionate kiss. Shane noticed immediately a sweet taste to Asherah's kiss; it made him want more. 

Asherah's hands traced over Shane's chest until they had reached his belt. Asherah skillfully undid Shane's belt and shoved his pants down as she knelt in front of him and caressed Shane's six inch cock. Asherah took him into her mouth as she applied a little suction while wrapping and unwrapping her tongue around his member. Her manipulations were driving Shane insane. He grabbed the back of her head and began to force Asherah's head back and forth, faster and faster. One hand let go of her head as he reached further down and grabbed at her breast, kneading it and pinching its nipple. Asherah moaned from these sensations and the vibrations almost made Shane go over the edge. 

Shane just couldn't take it anymore though. He shoved Asherah on her back, and as she lay on the floor, legs splayed open for him, Shane positioned himself at her entrance, grabbed both of her breasts with a lustful rage, and rammed his cock deep into her wanton depths. She screamed out in ecstasy as Shane ravaged her body with reckless abandon. He couldn't control himself; she was just too hot, too perfect, too... his. He wanted to take her and show his dominion over his newfound idol. 

Shane rapidly pistoned in and out of Asherah's moist, velvety cunt; he had never been so aggressive with a woman, but with her, he felt powerful. He felt like he emitted power and control. Like anything he wanted, he deserved and should have, and in this moment he wanted to fuck this bitch until she knew his power over her. In one movement, Shane flipped Asherah over onto her belly and propped her onto her hands and knees as Shane began to fuck her furiously from behind. When he could hold it no longer, Shane thrust himself into Asherah one last time and came hard, emitting a loud, primal groan, as Asherah collapsed under the strong waves of orgasmic pleasure consuming her as well.

"Master, I hope I have pleased you."

"Asherah, that was incredible. Of course you pleased me! That was the best sex I think I've ever had. I don't know what came over me; it was like I was one who was possessed!" replied Shane.

"Master, I exist only to serve and please you. If I have done that, than I have acted in accordance to my purpose."

"Asherah, I have to ask. What happened to Shannon when you possessed her body? Is she all right?"

"She has been changed. She and I are one. I am an amalgamation of all of my vessels. I have their memories, their experiences, and their knowledge. I may now possess their body, but they will live on in me forever."

Shane was perplexed by this. He didn't want his Shannon to go, but she wasn't really gone, and now he had an absolute sexpot priestess looking to make him a god and pleasure him sexually at his every whim. This was not a bad thing. Shane took one prolonged look over Shannon's, no Asherah's, new body, drinking in every perfect curve and every unblemished inch of alabaster skin and decided that change is sometimes good.

Almost sensing his acceptance of everything that she had said, Asherah moved closer once more to Shane, holding the talisman in her left hand. "It is time." She placed the talisman over his head and around his neck. 

The gold chain felt heavy at first. He picked up the pendant and looked carefully at the design, examining it closely, perhaps for the first time. He noticed a picture of a man with light emanating from behind his head. It held a spear in one hand and what looked like a water jug in the other. On the back was inscribed something Shane could not read.

"It says 'Giver of both life and death,'" stated Asherah. "Ba'al, as the supreme god, has both the power to take away life, the spear, as well as to give life, the jug of wine -- a symbol of fertility. Once you have been claimed as his vessel, you will feel an immense power wash over you. While it is yours to use at your desire, I must advise that you try not to do anything that may draw undue attention to yourself."

Shane looked up from the talisman and to the still gloriously naked Asherah. "Ok, what do we do now?"

"Much as I was moved into this vessel at the height of a sacred, selfless orgasm, you too will be possessed in the same manner," stated Asherah as she reached out her now free hand and wrapped it around Shane's spent cock. She knelt down before her soon-to-be god and guided Shane's cock to her mouth with a reverence and awe that Shane had only seen from priests receiving communion wafers. 

She handled his cock with expert skill and precision, exciting and electrifying Shane in ways he didn't know possible. Within no time, Asherah had gotten Shane hard again and was now beginning to slowly tease Shane with her tongue- licking its underside and caressing his balls. 

Shane could feel his balls engorging and being stimulated through some magic force that he could only assume was coming from Asherah's expert manipulations. Shane reached his right hand out, placed it on the back of Asherah's head, and began to force his cock further and faster into her wanton mouth. Shane could not muster words, only grunts and groans, as his orgasm built. As it built, Shane forced Asherah's head to piston faster and harder on his cock until Shane could stand it no longer. With the talisman starting to shine a bright reddish, gold color, he grabbed her head with both of his hands and jammed his cock as deep into her mouth as it would go and began to shoot what he thought to be the largest load of his life.

With every shot into Asherah's mouth, Shane felt a jolt of energy and lust surge through him. He felt his cock seem to reach further back into her mouth, eventually causing her to start deep-throating this new monster. Shane's lean physique began to take a new form - more muscular and more chiseled. He felt his body start to grow taller, much as Shannon's conversion did, but also like Shannon's conversion, he felt no pain as the sheer magnitude of his orgasm precluded even the smallest rational thought from entering his occupied mind. 

In addition to the physical changes, Shane began to feel changes inside of him that he could not describe. It started deep within his soul; warping it, changing it, reshaping it to better fit his new role in life, that of a god. His mind also changed, making him feel wise, powerful, even lucky. 

After the seventh and final load that he shot into Asherah's mouth, Shane collapsed onto the floor, tired and spent. His body, soul, and mind had undergone a complete metamorphosis. While to the rest of the world, he may have only looked like a taller, more muscular version of Shane, he knew inside that he was different from the old self. He reached out to the bed, pushed himself up, and walked over the Shannon's mirror. He was impressed by his new physique, but it was his thirteen inches of raging cock that caught his attention most.

"It is a cock truly fitting for a god," stated Asherah. "A cock made for pleasure, subjugation, and conversion to our way."

Shane took one more good look at his new manhood, looked up, saw Asherah's reflection also in the mirror, and knew that while what she was saying was probably true, right now his cock was made for fucking. He spun around, picked up Asherah, and slammed her against the nearest wall. Her cunt was wet from all of the excitement of restoring her ancient love, and Shane's new thirteen inches slid right in, eliciting only a gasp and devilish smile across Asherah's face. 

Shane began fucking her with all of his might, causing Asherah's pale breasts to heave up and down while she wrapped her elegant legs around him at the waist. Asherah cunt started to milk Shane's cock for all it was worth while he began to nibble and suck on one of her breasts.

"Do you like it? Is it too rough for my new lover?" asked Shane.

"No! Har..der..!!"

"And do you feel pleasure from my new god-cock?"

"Yesssssss!!!"

"Cum for your god!" yelled Shane, and with that, a savage orgasm ripped through Asherah causing her whole body to shake and convulse. 

As Asherah approached her fourth consecutive orgasm, Shane knew he too could not hold back, and unleashed a mighty torrent of cum into her. The two slid down the wall and collapsed on the floor, Asherah still with her back against the wall and Shane against the bed, his cock sliding out of Asherah and into the fresh air.

"What the fuck is going on in here? Shannon, are you all right? What's with all the fucking noise, I could hear you in the hallway."

And before anyone could respond, the bedroom door swung open revealing Shannon's roommate, Roma. She immediately saw Asherah naked and flushed against the wall, and then turned her glance towards Shane... and his cock.

"Holy shit..."