 Asherah opened the door to her flat and was immediately thrown aside as Roma shoved Shane and herself through it, lips locked and hands feverishly exploring each others' bodies. The look of lust in Roma's eyes was primal. It superseded every other thought and need within her. At this moment, her new soul and body ached to worship her new god. Shane spun her around and began planting kisses down her neck and shoulders. Roma's breathing became hot and labored. Shane groped at her new enormous tits; palming them, kneading them in his hands. Roma moaned aloud; Shane's manipulations having their desired effect. Her chest heaved as her body was overcome with her primal urge. Shane reached up to where he had torn her shirt earlier that night and grabbed it once more. He tore it completely, baring Roma's tits to fresh air. She let out a shriek of pleasure and excitement.

She ground her ass against Shane's hard cock. It strained against his pants, and Roma decided it wasn't fair to keep it caged any longer. She turned and dropped to her knees. Her hands reached to Shane's belt as she frantically worked to free the idol of her worship. As his shorts dropped to the floor, his boxers did little to hide his erection.

"Let me help with that," interjected Asherah. Shane looked over in the direction of the kitchen and saw her standing topless while leaning against her sink. He felt a little ashamed that he had forgotten her as long as he had; looking at her, he thought that wouldn't happen again tonight. She strolled over to her tall-standing god and prostrate fellow convert. She dropped to her knees and leaned in towards Roma, locking lips with her in a deep, passionate kiss. One hand dropped to Roma's thigh and slowly moved up her skirt, feeling the moistness of her sex. Her face broke from Roma's and upturned.

"Her need is great, my Lord. But it is not own needs that need to be serviced," Asherah said turning her gaze towards the strained underwear. "It's yours." With that, Asherah removed the last barrier between her and Shane's cock. Roma leapt forward with a renewed vigor and enveloped the top few inches with her mouth. Asherah joined her further down on his cock. The sensations were incredible. Shane could barely contain himself. The two beautiful women licked and sucked his length in ways Shane could not imagine. He wanted more. These beautiful ladies were still clothed from the waist down; it did not seem right. At the same instant he finished the thought, he heard the shredding of fabric. 

He opened his eyes and looked down to find the few pieces of clothing that the girls used to be wearing in pieces. Most importantly, he saw their bare legs and asses; his cock jumped. Their pale skin was in stark contrast to the dark shredded fabrics splayed across them. He looked up to the faces of his two followers, eagerly worshipping his engorged cock. He felt a raw power in their worship, as if their glorifying him and wondered what else his mind could do. 

He imagined their nipples being tweaked; both women inhaled suddenly. He imagined a cock entering their asses, slowly moving up past their sphincter, filling them completely. Their sucking stopped as their mouths gaped open, the pleasure building up inside them eventually overcoming their urge to please their god. Shane felt a return of the favor was in order for what they were doing for him.

He shoved their quivering, kneeling bodies over, both of them falling on their backs. Shane smiled and said, "Your god requires a sacrifice of sex from his followers." Shane dropped his enormous cock between Roma's new breasts, which completely enveloped it when Roma pressed them together. Shane began to piston his cock between her mammoth globes of flesh; the sight was erotic. Asherah crawled between Roma's legs and began to lap at the juices Roma had been secreting for quite some time. Shane sent wave after wave of pleasure into Roma's mind, trying to use the powers he had just found he had. Roma started thrashing wildly, and Shane's stamina began to near a climax. He reached down and grabbed her massive breasts hard. Roma's back arched suddenly signaling the climax of her own that was ravaging her body. The sight and moment also came over Shane as a hot torrent shot forth from his god-cock, coating Roma's face and upper chest in his white, sticky fluid.

Shane stood and turned to Asherah. She was still between Roma's legs, and her face was covered in Roma's juices. Shane thought the sight to be beautiful. He grabbed her by the arm, lifting her up and into a lustful kiss, smearing Roma's juices onto his own face in the process. Asherah turned and bent over a nearby couch. She wriggled her ass alluringly. 

"Another sacrifice?" Shane asked.

"I offer myself completely, wholly, and perpetually to my god as a sacrifice and willing servant," replied Asherah.

"Sounds good enough for me." And with that, Shane grabbed Asherah's hips and thrust himself deep into her. Her mouth opened wide as the pleasure of being so completely filled washed over her. Shane began to pump in and out of her. Roma crawled over to watch the two of them. She saw Asherah's breasts sway back and forth as Shane's cock wreaked havoc. Roma sat up against the wall and began to finger herself, having been inspired by the lustful visage in front of her. Shane sent waves of pleasure into Asherah's mind, each causing a small orgasm. Her body tensed as each orgasm passed through her. 

"More, harder!" she cried. Shane grabbed her red locks and pulled her head back. He slammed into her harder; she cried out again in pleasure. 

"Oh my god, oh my god!"

"Yes?" asked Shane with a grin. Asherah turned back at him and smirked. Shane saw the smirk and then saw Roma on the floor, still working on herself. He summed up what he thought was his power and sent out a massive wave of pleasure as he neared his own climax. Asherah's body went taught; Roma's legs shot out; and Shane felt his balls boil up from within as all three of them were awash in orgasmic pleasure. Shrieks and moans echoed throughout the room, and as silence came over the flat, three bodies collapsed in exhaustion. Shane knew that this would be a great weekend.

*****

As Ixchel walked through the jungle, she came upon a clearing. She looked at a building in the center of it. It seemed strange as it did not look like one of her temples. But then she realized that this building looked similar to the ones built by the foreigners towards the end of her last incarnation. She hated those foreigners. They brought technology and disease that destroyed her people. They build new temples and worshipped a different god. Her own power diminished as her own followers lessened in numbers from disease, death, and converts to the foreign god. Her rage burned hot.

She approached the temple and entered through a side door. She looked to her left, surveying a large amount of long, wooden seats. To her left, a wooden "T" with a man hanging from it; she knew of this man but did not care much for him. Personally, she thought, it would look much better if she were venerated here. She paused and then smiled; yes it would look better indeed.

She climbed the few steps to the altar and stepped around it moving to an ornate cutout in the wall. Ixchel removed a golden chalice from it, finding it filled halfway with wine. She placed the cup on the ground and squatted over it, placing it directly under her shaved cunt. With one free hand, she began to fondle her breast, causing her breathing to become shallow. With the other, she rubbed her clitoris, slow at first but building in speed. When it had become engorged, she began to pinch it, just as she was doing with her enlarged nipples. She gritted her teeth through a prolonged moan. She leaned against the wall behind her and her body tensed as her orgasm ripped through her. A dark, sticky fluid flowed forth from her cunt, corrupting the wine in the chalice. When her faculties returned to her, she stood, placed it back in the cutout, and then turned and walked towards a wooden booth along the inside wall of the temple, waiting for the proper time.

The Sisters of the Chaste Heart were a small order, their numbers having been diminished due to age and the acceptance of modern secularism in Mexican society. Where once they thrived across the country, today, the 13 sisters of this convent were the sole remnants of their once great order. The sisters shuffled into their pews and began to pray. Ixchel began to get impatient; when a man in white clothes appeared and stepped onto the altar. He bowed and moved toward the cutout in the wall. He grabbed the chalice and its foul contents and moved to the front of the church. The sisters lined up to receive from the cup. One by one, each sister drank from the cup, and one by one, each sat back in the rows. 

Soon, the sisters in the front rows began to scratch at their garments uncomfortably, followed by the row behind them and so on. Ixchel's essence was working its way through them. From her hidden vantage point, she saw one sister start to rub her breasts and another reach under her frock and start to touch herself. From another row, Ixchel heard a loud moan echo around the sanctuary. Their actions and sounds could no longer be ignored. The man at the front of the room seemed to get concerned as to what was going on. Suddenly, one sister shot up and tore herself free of the constricting outfit. She turned to the sister next to her and did the same to her. The once elderly nuns were radiant in their bronzed beauty. The standing sister dropped between the legs of the now naked one beside her and began to display the Sapphic lust now burning within her. Others began to outwardly display the lust also burning within them.

"Sisters! Sisters!" shouted the priest. "What is going on here? What of your vows to God?"

"They no longer worship your god!" answered Ixchel as she stepped forth from the confessional booth. Standing in her naked glory, Ixchel looked surveyed the lewd displays she inspired; she smiled. "Don't you see their happiness? Before they hid their beauty, now they show it to all who will gaze upon it. They rejected the primal, natural urges and for what? A sacrifice for their god? No god should deny you this kind of pleasure! It is an abomination!" She began to strut toward the priest. "Look at them! Their beauty, their lust. Ha! And look what it does to you! Your robes do little to hide your reaction from me, spirit man. I see how their actions how made you feel. You too have taken that foolish oath of chastity to your deity, denying yourself from pleasure. Why do you deny yourself this?" she said, her hands gesturing across the room. "Or this?" her hands running along her own accentuated curves. "Perhaps that should stop... today!" 

With that, she grabbed the priests head and shoved it into her voluptuous bosoms. Her nipple found itself between his lips. "Your need too is great. Give in to your need and receive the pleasure you never allowed yourself to have. Suck!" 

The priest looked around the room at all of the displays of lust. Youthful, tanned, gorgeous women lapping each others' cunts, licking and pinching nipples and grabbing breasts. Echoes of moans and gasps filled the chamber. A little liquid spilled forth from the nipple between his own lips. He swallowed it without thinking; it was sweet, intoxicating. He yearned for more. He reached around and pulled the naked goddess and her bosoms closer in so that he could have more. The more he drank, the more Ixchel's essence filled and corrupted him. She was right, to deny such a basic urge and need was sinful, sinful against his new goddess. He lifted his new deity up and spun around, throwing her onto the altar behind him. He ripped his sacred garments from his body with a strength he did not know he possessed, baring his own unclothed self for the first time to a woman. 

"Come show your goddess your gratitude for your new enlightenment," said Ixchel alluringly as she splayed her legs wide revealing her sex.

The fallen priest approached Ixchel with the reverence that he once showed the chalice just earlier that hour. He fell to his knees and began to orally worship her sex. Ixchel moaned and writhed at his manipulations. She did not know if he were experienced in this or if it had just been that long, but his adoration empowered her further. She reached down and picked up her devotee's head. "It is time now to become one," she said. 

The defiled priest stood and positioned his cock at her entrance. "May my offering be pleasuring and sufficient to you, my goddess!" And with that, he thrust forward. Ixchel arched her back as the sensations returned to her from so long ago. The priest grabbed her hips so that he could go harder, faster, further into her perfect body. He watched as her perfect orbs seemed to defy gravity as they shook from his forceful thrusts. He leaned down to her breast to suckle more of her sweet nectar, which flowed freely and renewed his vigor. His eyes glanced to the side to see the thirteen defiled women of virtue staring at them, some of them masturbating at the sight of their goddess in the throws of passion, while the others were helping the first ones. The sensations, the sights all became too much. Ixchel and the fallen priest came together in a loud scream that echoed throughout the room long after the screams would stop. The defiled nuns all came together as waves of orgasms washed over their bodies. A light showed bright from the entrance of Ixchel's cunt, eventually consuming the priest and soon the room. 

When the echoes stopped and the light dissipated, all that remained on the altar was Ixchel, although changed. She stood up from the altar, covered in perspiration and in a soft glow. When the thirteen defiled women all looked up to see their goddess in her perfect glory, they saw something new. A tattoo of a bluish feathered snake appeared on Ixchel's chest. The head started directly above the deity's cunt and ran upward, snaking its way across her abdomen and between her perfect breasts, with its tail stopping right above them. 

Ixchel gazed across her converts, her newly defiled disciples. "No longer will you be slaves to another. No longer will you deny yourselves something that is true and right and good. Now you will worship the one who gives, who defiles, who gives pleasure to those who worship and torment to those who deny her. No longer will you be the Sisters of the Chaste Heart; now you will be known to the world as the Whores of Ixchel, and whores to the world you shall be!" 

*****

Shane awoke Monday morning to the feeling of large, soft mammories pressing against him. He looked to either side to see Roma on his left and Asherah on his right. He smiled at the memory of all they had done over the weekend. He got out bed, careful to not wake either of his sleeping beauties, and started a kettle for tea. He stood in the kitchen and thought about his future. He was going back to America in a few days, his time overseas coming to an end. He wondered what would happen to Asherah and Roma. Would they stay here? Would they come with him? He was a god now so surely they could worship him from Britain, but the sex was incredible...

"We would follow you anywhere, my lord," replied Asherah, seemingly having read his mind. "We are your converts; we only seek to worship and be near to you, if you will have us."

"Of course I will!" answered Shane. "But how will you come? You have no visas, no jobs; what would we do?"

"I think I've got that covered," stated Roma matter of factly as she entered the room. "My family are gypsies. They didn't think too kindly of me coming to college; they actually shunned me for it. But they taught me how to make a con or two, something I've used to amass a small fund for myself, you know, in case I couldn't make an honest living for a bit after college. I say we buy some airplane tickets, get ourselves a new flat over in America, and fuck like proper rabbits in the States!"

Shane laughed at her enthusiasm. He still wasn't sure what they would all do in America. What was clear is that they all could go and make a clean break in the UK without having to worry about someone following. He looked once more and the glorious naked beauties before him; his cock stirred. "All right! America, here we come!"