 DISCLAIMER: All characters mentioned in this story are over the age of 18 and are consenting adults.

Author note: Please leave comments discussing what you like and didn't like about this story. I would like to improve my writing.

*****

I looked across my desk at my first client for the day. John was a middle aged man who was a very successful stock broker and as a result he was a very wealthy man. However, the long hours of being chained to a desk had taken it's toll on his body. Additionally, the long hours working had left little time for social activities that weren't work related. As such he had reached his middle years and found himself without a partner and incredibly lonely.

We talked through what he wanted and it was in my professional opinion much like what most men wanted. Less fat around the gut, broader shoulders, a bigger cock...

We walked through to the room I had set aside for making changes and as I began to work on improving this mans body I thought back to my first experiences with the change field...

Back at school...

In the weeks following mine and Kerry's blowjob/masturbation escapades it dawned on me that nobody in the school even batted an eyelid when I made my body modifications. Seriously. I strode in to school one day looking like a professional athlete when previously I'd been a skinny, nerdy looking guy.

Referring back to my notes I'd received from the Change Masters I found that on top of all the additional benefits, any and all changes I made to myself or others would be accepted by the wider community. For example, if I helped someone to lose a lot of weight or bulk up to a huge level of muscle their nearest and dearest wouldn't even notice. It would be as if they had always looked that way.

In the following weeks my fellow final year nerd clan and I put together plans for a graduation party. We were coming up to our last weeks as students and we wanted to go out with a bang. Obviously, given my new found skills, I had some pretty exciting plans.

There wasn't many people in our group but it was split pretty evenly, three guys and three girls. Everyone of us super nerds. Doctor who, D&D, The Big Bang Theory. There was no limit to our nerdy obsessions.

There was me, Rob and Daniel. Rob was quite tall and skinny, Daniel was really quite overweight with long hair that was more often greasy than not. Then there was Karen, Steph and Chrissy. Karen was a chubby, pale goth with black hair. Steph was the red head with enormous tits and Chrissy was the so called 'exotic' one of far east Asian descent and was thin as a rake.

In short, we were the people on the borders of the school social ladder.

In the week running up to the big party I realised that I had the power to help my friends. We were all sat around in the final year rec room when I had this realisation. I could remove all the physical obstacles in their path. I looked around the room and realised we were mostly alone and besides, the change field slows time to a snails pace.

I stood up and slipped into the change field and set to work.

I started with Daniel first, probably because his improvement was the most obvious. I slimmed him down from 170 pounds to a solid 80. I toned up his muscles to give him a body that looked like he did a lot of running with light weight lifting. I removed a lot of his excess body hair and (because I'm awesome) I made his dick longer and thicker. I also knew that Daniel was bisexual, so I gave the skin of his anus the ability to stretch more and I made the skin stronger in general without losing any sensitivity around the prostate. I also improved his follicle health, making his long hair lustrous and strong. He now looked much more like his idol, Thor.

I then looked over to Chrissy probably because she was the polar opposite of Daniel's bulk. She often spoke how she was unhappy with her boyish figure and flat chest, complaining that Asian women have no curves. I kept her slim waist but added some muscle tone and fat to her hips, thighs and ass. Not wanting to go too overboard I gave her what could only be described as a cute bubble butt. I kept the wonderful ab definition that goes with skinny people and filled out her breasts to the point where they were a mid-sized handful. I also straightened up her goofy teeth and whitened them.

Rob I realised was a lot like me in physique before my change so I quite simply copied what I had done to myself. Muscles, chiselled jawline and a dick that would make anybody go "fuck me now". Also, Rob was super straight so I gave his cock more nerve endings for higher pleasure during sex and more powerful orgasms.

Karen and Steph were both quite chubby so I slimmed them down to a healthy weight, not super skinny, more athletically toned. Again, I removed any body hair that they were removing regularly and I made it permanent. I kept Steph's huge breasts but made them sit higher on her chest so they were less saggy. I also gave her crazy amounts of nerve endings in her nipples so she could come from tit play. Karen already had a set of spectacular breasts so I left them alone. I did, however, give her an ass even Nicki Minaj would be envious of. The perfect combination of muscle and fat. This thing would jiggle and bounce during a good fuck.

For all the women in my group I lit up their clitoris's and pussies with extra nerve endings. These ladies would enjoy orgasm after orgasm and never even break a sweat. General improvements for all also included vascular strengthening - I made their hearts stronger to allow them to keep on fucking!

I slipped out of the change field, sat down and surveyed my work. The look of subtle confusion shifting to blissful acceptance at these changes was a high I hadn't experienced before.

School life continued as normal that week but it was great to see my friends gain new found confidence. Chrissy came in one day telling us about how great her gym session was. Rob bought himself a whole new wardrobe. Life was fucking great.

On the night of the party the anticipation was like electricity. We were all so excited, so expectant of great things about to happen. The party was being held in our local comic book store. Kind of like a shut in at a bar, once everyone was there the shutters would be closed, the doors locked and we would party until the sun came up.

It wasn't just us attending, it was a myriad of people from the nerd world. We were piggy backing our graduation party on to a general comic book store rave. Not a huge party, but big enough that there was great buzz of conversation over the music playing.

Alcohol was flowing freely, people were talking and trying to dance a bit and generally having a great time.

Rob, Daniel and I arrived together and were stood chatting and drinking in a corner when the girls arrived. Boy did they put on a fucking show.

Karen, the alabaster gothic goddess glided in wearing a black bustier with skin tight leggings. I say leggings. It was more like her legs were dipped in glossy black latex. Her newly formed ass was swaying and jiggling as she walked over to us. Her fabulous tits, however, were glued in place by the remarkable push up effect of her bustier. Her black locks flowed loose over her shoulders and back. Peaking over the lace on her back was an enormous tattoo of a tree that I didn't even realise she had.

Chrissy waltzed in wearing a tight red dress that showed off every inch of her new curves. She'd also added some height with cute red heels that really emphasised her toned legs. Her perky tits bounced as she walked over to us.

Lastly was Steph who was pretty much bursting out of a leather corset with a voluminous semi - see through black skirt. If you caught it in the right light you could see every outline of her feminine voluptuous figure. Her fire red hair was also unbound and poured like silk over her shoulders to the middle of her back.

All three women sashayed towards us with glimmering, pearl white smiles. They clearly were enjoying the effect their attire had on us!

Finally, everyone had arrived and the shutters were locked in place and doors were bolted. I was ready for this moment.

I excused myself from the group and took a small device I had made specifically for this party out of my backpack and went to find a secluded spot in the back of the store. The machine looked a bit like a tall, narrow vase. I set it up and set it to work. It was my prototype sexual uninhibitor. In normal speech my machine should free up everyone from the hang ups of social norms to do whatever sexy thing they wanted to do.

I went back to my friends and we chatted. Karen and I then went off in search of drinks. Looking around I saw several people heavily making out and dancing semi - erotically to the music in the middle of the store. My device must have been taking effect!

I then felt Karen's small hand in mine pulling me to the centre of the dance floor. She turned to me and threw her arms around me and grinned as she started grinding to the beat on my right thigh. I smiled back at her and brought my arms up around her narrow waist as we danced. Her hands rubbed firmly down my back and gave my ass a firm squeeze. My cock began to respond.

"Some one is very happy to feel me." she breathed, sexily into my ear

She let go and spun around and bent over and started twerking her big round ass on my dick. I grabbed onto her hips and we effectively dry humped/danced right there in front of everyone. It was so fucking sexy and erotic. She whipped her hair back and looked over her shoulder smiling broadly at me.

I looked up and noticed that nobody was looking at us despite the show we were putting on.

They were all far too busy with their own dances. I saw a woman push her dance partners hands over her breasts. I saw another guy with a women twerking on him like Karen was doing to me. I actually saw a women giving a guy a blowjob right there on the dance floor.

It fucking worked!

I pulled Karen up and led her back through the crowd to find our friends.

On the chairs by the wall there was a line of people getting naked and straight up fucking. I saw a skinny brunette girl bouncing a cock crying out in pleasure. There was another guy right next to her going down on her friend. There was another woman with a cock in her pussy and a guy lining up his dick to fuck her in the ass. It was getting incredibly steamy in here!

We finally found our friends. Chrissy and Steph were down on their knees having a blowjob contest on both Daniel and Rob. Karen quickly pulled me over and sat me down next to Rob and fished my dick out. I quite proudly noted that the size of my cock put Rob and Daniel to shame even after I had enhanced theirs.

Karen went to fucking town on my cock. She licked the tip to moisten it and then winked at me as she inhaled the majority of my length straight down her throat. With my heightened sensitivity I was in heaven. Electric jolts of pleasure whispered across my body. The moans and groans of the men next to me and all the others fucking in the small store only added to my pleasure.

I looked over at Steph who had unsnapped her corset and thrown it to one side. She had engulfed Daniel's dick in the enormous canyon of her tits and was wanking him off with a passion. Daniel pulled some lube out of nowhere and lubed her tits up. Steph was pinching her nipples and moaning as she pleasured herself using her enhanced nipple sensitivity.

Chrissy reached over to grab the lube and whipped off her dress to reveal matching red lace underwear. Her tanned skin and tight abs were a beautiful sight to behold and her high round breasts were incredibly appealing. She drizzled lube all over Rob's cock and turned around.

I figured she was going to slip his dick into her pussy but clearly my uninhibitor had released something for Chrissy because she reached behind her and began lubing up her asshole. She then lowered that puckered entrance to Rob's sizeable cock and began easing it into her tight back passage.

Rob groaned at the tight pleasure her cute bubble butt granted him. Chrissy grunted in deep guttural tones as she adjusted her ass to this big dick. Soon though she was yelping in pleasure as she butt fucked him to orgasm.

Karen by this point had had enough of sucking me as she stood up and ripped off her latex leggings, pulled me up and kneeled on the chair with her visibly moist pussy in the air.

"Ashley, you put that monster cock in my pussy now." she demanded

Not needing much prompting, I quickly complied and sheathed my dick to the hilt and began pounding away. My hands held her flared hips as my cock shlicked in and out of her throbbing, flowing pussy. Karen grunted and cried out in pleasure as her new nerve endings relayed pleasure never before felt to her brain.

I paused in my ministrations to quickly enter the change field to make a spontaneous change.

I ducked back out just as I felt my load rising and my ball sack tightening. My dick gave a few pre-emptive pulses inside of Karen's wet snatch. I quickly removed my cock and began spewing my seed all over her massive ass. Glob after glob of my enhanced cum sprayed across her curves. She stroked her clit to quickly reach her own orgasm as my balls emptied. The thick flesh of her ass jiggled as it hit her and her body spasmed.

Beside me, the change I had instigated took effect. Both Rob and Daniel started pumping their cum as soon as my orgasm hit. I had synced up all three of our orgasms. 

Daniel's cock started pulsing and covered the top of Steph's huge bust with sticky white jizz. Steph giggled in pleasure which ended in a moan as her sensitive breasts made her pussy clamp down in it's own orgasm. Whereas, Chrissy, feeling Rob's cock start to twitch, lowered herself to take his whole length in her ass and moved her hips in circles. Rob moaned and spasmed next to me uncontrollably as Chrissy took his dick like a fucking champion.

Whilst my friends came to I surveyed the room.

I saw a couple in the 69 position on top of a table with scattered comic books everywhere. I saw the owner of the store, Jenny, with a dick in her pussy and in her ass and was also leant over sucking another dick. I saw a man with his arms and legs tied to a chair and was being jerked off by another man. I even saw an older lady sat there, naked, smoking a huge spliff!

All in all, everyone was experiencing pleasure in one form or another!

I turned back to friends "ok, Karen, Steph, Chrissy, sit up on the chairs and spread your legs. I've set a timer on my phone. Rob, Daniel we've got 5 minutes to make these girls cum as many times as you can."

"Alright, now you're talking - what's the prize?" Rob asked, quick to get on board.

"If we all agree, the winner can do what he likes with whomever he likes." I said with a wicked grin on my face.

Everyone looked around and nodded their consent, smiling as their sexual inhibitions were completely gone.

"Ok, three, two, one. GO!" I shouted.

We went to work, I was licking Karen, Rob was licking Steph and Daniel was licking Chrissy.

I went to town on Karen, her clitoris was throbbing beneath my tongue. I eased a finger into her hot slit and made a come here motion. After a few moments she spasmed and screamed as she came.

"ONE" she shouted.

I looked over and saw Rob going up and down on that pussy like a possessed demon. Next to him Daniel was licking Chrissy's clit and had a finger in both her pussy and her ass. Chrissy's body shook, her eyes were closed and her legs were spasming uncontrollably. God damn that girl loved anal!

"ONE" Steph shouted, her fingers pinching her nipples.

"Three..." breathed Chrissy almost unable to breath.

I carried on licking like fury and managed to get another two orgasms before the timer beeped.

The men all stopped and women cuddled together, coming down from their multiple highs.

"Ok, Rob how many did you get?" I asked

"Two" he said, despondent that he had clearly lost.

"Well I only got three out of Karen" I consoled him "Daniel?"

"I got 6 out of Chrissy" he said, grinning ear to ear.

"SIX? Chrissy is that true?" I asked

She was still panting "It's true, I fucking love anal guys." she confessed

"Ok, Daniel. What do you want to do and who do you want to do it with?" I asked him

"If you and Steph consent, I love dick and I love tits. I want you to fuck my ass and I want Steph to tit fuck me while you do it." He said, confidently

So we set to it. Steph lay down on her back and Daniel crouched on all fours over the top of her, his head above her pussy and his cock above her tits. I slapped lube on Daniel's asshole and my cock and I lined myself up.

Rob, Chrissy and Karen were watching. Karen was stroking Rob's dick back to hardness and Chrissy was cradling his balls. Rob was reaching behind both of them to gently stroke them back to wetness.

Steph cradled her breasts and slid Daniels hard shaft between them and slipped them up and down his length. Steph giggled as her Daniel's cock moving over her sensitive tits sent shockwaves through her body, it sounded like she was getting just as much pleasure as Daniel! Meanwhile, I had my hands on his hips and slid my dick between his pert ass cheeks and into his tight passage.

Daniel screamed the house down as I sheathed myself in his ass.

"That's so good. YES. FUCK ME HARDER ASHLEY!" he yelled, going absolutely nuts.

I grabbed hold and fucked him hard. My cock slammed up into his ass whilst Steph tit-wanked him beneath me. Her position put her right next to my balls so she moved her mouth up and took them her mouth and sucked.

I cried out as the pleasure shock waved through my body.

I looked over and saw Rob lying on the floor like Steph was, Chrissy was positioned over his mouth and he was going to town on her pussy. Karen was impaling herself on his solid shaft, facing Chrissy. Karen and Chrissy were making out whilst they used Rob from their pleasure, although given the groans I heard from between Chrissy's shapely thighs - I assumed he was enjoying himself just as much!

I turned my attention back to the task at hand as I felt Daniel's prostate pulse and swell, pressing against my hard shaft. He groaned and told us he was cumming. Spurts of his spunk covered Steph's belly as I felt his asshole contract around my cock. Steph didn't stop wanking him with her boobs until she too moaned as an orgasm coursed through her body thanks to her nipple pinching.

It was too much for me, the whole experience of everyone losing all sexual inhibition and really expressing their desires confidently was overwhelming. I unloaded for the second time that night. My cock throbbing in his ass prolonged Daniel's pleasure. He was quivering and shuddering as we both came. Hard.

Rob's grunting behind me confirmed that he too had cum again. Chrissy's and Karen's groans and moans confirmed that they were done too.

We all stood up and embraced each other. Smiling, laughing and happy with the pleasure we had experienced together. I went and retrieved my machine and turned it off so people could come back down to earth.

We cleaned up and got dressed and went back out into the world to head home.

In the weeks following I went back to comic book store and noted that the people coming in who were at that party seemed happy, almost ecstatic at every small piece of life they experienced. It was wonderful what my newfound talent could do for people.

I remember thinking, if only I could help MORE people. How would I do that? Maybe I could set up a clinic..?