 I would advise reading Ashley's Tale before Ashley's Tale - Demon's World. Things won't really make sense otherwise. Timeline wise this is about twenty five years after the ending of Jezebel's Tale, and takes place seconds after Ashley's Tale completed in that sadistic cliff hanger. As that was just a week or two ago I hope you'll forgive me.

As with most of my works, Scifi is the plot genre and my chosen category. Sex will be of many categories including erotic coupling, group sex, lesbian, light BDSM or light Fetish. This is a fantasy/science fiction story with occasional sex thrown in. Trying to line up my chapters by the type of sex category would be ridiculous, so if you don't like what's going on, skip on down.

Chapter 1

I sat down on the couch without looking. It didn't take long to figure out I was fighting with myself. I truly did not want to go to the Demon dimension. Yet, I didn't say no. My life was finally coming together. Two people to share it with, my powers finally working, and I had a good job, yet... why didn't I say no to the President? Because the stakes were too high to ignore, I felt it.

Not a vision, but an intuition so strong I knew it came from my Witch powers. I hated it.

If someone else went, and they failed, it could start a war. That would effectively screw up my life, as well as everyone else's. I wasn't arrogant enough to think I was the only one, or even the best to go. But I knew I could handle it, or at least, I believed I could.

The idea though, of leaving Bonnie and Tom behind while I was gone, or even worse, taking them with me, scared me senseless. I realized I needed to talk to them about it, let them decide. Who knows... maybe they will even talk me out of it? I wasn't exactly sold on going yet. Yeah, and I'd keep telling myself that too.

If I could figure out a way to come back every few days, perhaps... it wouldn't be so bad. If I was the ruler of a demesne, as opposed to dead, I could probably come back through and visit. I also had the notion I could figure out how to cross dimensions with magic. I mean, our science couldn't manipulate gravity, or open portals around the world, yet, Witch magic did it easily. As long as the tech was based on manipulating natural particles, perhaps I could even figure out a way to both do it, and block it, with magic, instead of tech. 

Although, succeeding in the former would be easier than the latter. All I had to do was pay attention to how their machines opened one. After all, I knew how to manipulate gravity, but I didn't know how to stop someone else from doing it. It was two entirely different things. If that would be possible at all, I'd have to see it done first, or go get a doctorate in particle physics and then play around a few hundred years.

I frowned, I wasn't even sure if they had blockers in the Demon dimension I could use as a template to learn it. The spy was a spy, not a scientist, or a world leader, there was a lot about how their world worked that I didn't really know.

Okay, I was getting a little ahead of myself, those were my goals anyway, reachable or not. The first was to keep the Demons from being able to attack, if I couldn't back them off. The second of course, was maintaining my connections to the people I loved. Selfish? Perhaps, but I would not give up my life easily.

I definitely needed more information, but it might have to be done on the fly. For instance I wasn't sure I could depend on someone always officially challenging me, did they do assassinations? I was fairly confident in a fair fight, but who could watch their own back constantly like that? I frowned as I realized I was making plans in my head, what happened to no? Oh yeah, lying to myself.

If I truly meant to say no, I wouldn't have left the White House acting like I was late for my shock treatments. Still, have I truly decided to do it? I shook my head slowly. I'd go crazy thinking about this for the rest of the day until Bonnie and Tom got home to discuss it. I went into the kitchen and put together a quick sandwich and brewed a cup of coffee.

The roast beef tasted a bit flat, but I think it was fine, it was me. When I got done with my quick lunch, I looked at the time and it wasn't even two yet. If I sat around for another three hours or more, wondering about what Bonnie, Tom, and I would do, I would go nuts. I needed to get out. Tony's would be a little slow right now, but there were always men willing to gape at naked bouncing tits even in the middle of the day. I definitely needed the distraction.

I took a portal to the back of the Sapphire club and changed into an outfit, growing my breasts out to a D-cup as I closed the white leather halter top. The matching white leather shorts looked great, the bottom of my tight ass cheeks peaking out. Underneath it I was wearing a white g-string. I walked out onto the floor, waving at Tony as I made my way to the bar.

"Hey Tony, got room for me today?" He always did, but it was polite to ask. I didn't want to step on another dancer's slot. As a Witch-Succubus I found dancing and absorbing energy from the lust of the audience freeing, it felt good to me, now anyway, after I got over my issues with being a succubus. Simply put, it was fun and it relaxed me, a way to release stress. But for some girls, they were here to pay their way through college, or set up some more clients. Some could be touchy about it.

He looked me up and down and said, "I always have room for you Ash, how have you been?"

"Crazy," I quipped with a smile, "how about you?"

He laughed and said, "About the same, although from the news and interview I'm guessing you don't just mean busy."

I had a thought then, Tony was old. I'm pretty sure Jezebel told me he was an adult when he came here from the Demon dimension. He was an old family friend, so I let him know in broad terms what I was considering, and if he had any kind of knowledge or advice he could share.

He frowned at me and said, "I never talk about it, besides, I was basically on the enforcer level, I doubt I know anything that could be useful to you and definitely not technology wise. My advice? Say no."

I nodded and backed off. Tony was always nice to me, despite his reputation; I didn't want to ruin that by pushing him. He told me I was on after Tamara and handed me a drink as he said, "That's in two sets, so sit your cute butt down and tell me more about it."

I took a sip as I sat down. It didn't take me long to tell him about my last few weeks. The cursed bullets I pulled off the street made to bypass the bulletproof charms, the crazy ex-President's plan to have me assassinated after I saved the country by challenging that Demon and killing him. I told him that the new President basically asked me to save the world. Finally getting my job back as things calmed down. No doubt it was a mess.

I finished my drink and went backstage, Tamara was mostly through her second song and I needed to be ready to take the stage. I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, the lust I could feel in the building already getting me excited, cleansing my mind, keeping it simple. You might compare it to comfort food for a human.

I started out with a couple of flips onto the stage, then I danced to the fast beat of the music. About halfway through the first song I slowed down enough to start dancing more suggestively, I fed on the lust, just skimming some energy, not enough for it to be felt by my admirers. I was flush and my core was wet as I shimmied off the leather shorts to the delight of those watching.

I felt powerful, free. I had those watching in the palm of my hand. I wanted sex of course, but that could wait for my lovers. Right now it was about what I could do for my audience, and what they did for me with their lust and life energy. I could hardly come to terms with the fact I used to hate this, fear it. It was wonderful.

I took off my halter top while hanging upside down on the pole by my legs, before spinning a few times and flipping back onto my feet. The second song played a slower beat, easier to go slowly, sensuously twisting and turning my body, in ways I instinctively knew would draw the eyes.

It was a good set and it did for me what I needed. I didn't feel crazy anymore. Maybe a bit too horny, but I was feeling great. I was wishing the feeling could last as I collected the bills and stepped off in time for Amber's grand entrance. I decided to stay for one more set, avoiding going back to an empty condo where I would start stressing again. I rejoined Tony by the bar once I was dressed, if my leather halter top and shorts qualified as dressing, and got another drink.

I snorted when Tony tried to talk me into dancing with my mom again, taking the business angle that it would bring in people. I shook my head, he'd already tried that. That wasn't going to happen. I wasn't sure of much in this world, but that, I was definite on.

I told Tony about the fight in D.C., and the way his shield automatically tracked my magic. As if his magic itself was in charge of the shield with him not having to control it. Tony told me had never heard of that, and if someone asked him he would say it's impossible. I was probably being a pessimist, but I wondered if I had just killed the only person capable of it.

I shrugged it off as unimportant for the moment, at least in comparison to the rest of what was on my mind. Maybe I'd work on figuring it out one day.

The second time onstage went even better than the first, a few more people had come in the club. Afterward, I decided enough time had passed, so I changed back into my normal clothes, and my normal B-cup size, and opened a portal to the condo.

Tom was home, in the kitchen. I walked to him and gave him a long hungry kiss, rubbing my body against his like a cat in heat. Then not letting go I just looked up at him.

"Been dancing love?"

I snickered. "How'd you guess? Please tell me you don't have to work tonight."

"Double shift, what else is new? Wasn't the new President supposed to fix things?" He snorted. "I have to be back by seven, at least we have a couple of hours."

Damn it, how was I supposed to talk to Tom and Bonnie if he was leaving soon? Bonnie would be at least another half hour, probably longer.

"Why?" he asked.

I made a face, "I'd rather wait until Bonnie is here, suffice it to say the President asked me to do something that would pull me away from here for a while. I'm hoping I can still visit but... nothing is guaranteed." 

I started nibbling on his neck and ear. I was wet and horny from dancing and his scent was driving me crazy. The ability to sense emotions wasn't helping much either, I always got the combination of both intense love and lust from my Angel. I was defenseless against it.

He grabbed me by the hair, twisted me around and pushed me down, pinning me against the table. I smiled in anticipation, my back arching without thought, my Angel knew what I wanted. He pulled up my skirt and spanked me. A moment later I felt him run his hard pole along my wet warm puffy labia.

He growled, "Is that what you want slut?"

I pushed back slightly, but he was holding me down. Could he actually hold me down? I wasn't sure, but I knew I would never find out. It was more fun to beg for it. I knew he loved the game too, and anything that increased the lust and fun in bed was okay with me. Succubus thing. It may have been a game, but I meant every word as I begged in a voice both sultry and desperate.

"Please, yes, I want it in me, please, fuck me."

I mewled shamelessly as he put it in enough to part my labia, rubbing it up and down, grazing my engorged nub with each stroke. I gasped and begged.

"Please Tom, fuck your slut, take me, use me, get off in me. Just dump a load in your little cum slut. Don't worry about my pleasure, take yours."

I gasped and arched my back as he thrust forward, impaling me fast and hard. The table moved forward several inches, and I negligently created small gravity wells at the bottom of the legs, holding the table firmly to the floor. And not a moment too soon either.

I gasped in pleasure as he started to saw into me hard and fast, "That's it baby, harder, faster."

I could feel his lust rise and his speed pick up with every encouragement to use me like a slut that left my mouth, to take his pleasure without regard to mine. My lust rose with his, I loved it. I loved how much he wanted me, how he lusted for my body, and how I could drive him crazy with my words and my more than willing body.

I reached my peak and my core tightened around his length, milking his hardness desperately. When I felt him expand against my tightening walls I screamed in pleasure. 

"Fill me!"

I shared his orgasm and his life energy and mixed it with my own, my bliss intensified as a result and I could feel him emptying himself within me. I in turn linked back to him, feeding back some of that life force which raised his ecstasy as well.

Sometimes, I hated being able to feel others, to know what they were feeling. But at times like these, when he pulled me away from the table, and into his arms, there was nothing better. I was drowning in his satisfaction, tenderness, and love as he kissed me softly. It definitely had its moments.

Chapter 2

Bonnie was looking at me in disbelief, and she was... pissed. Bonnie had gotten home while Tom and I were showering. Before Tom could leave I sat them down and told them all about it. What the President wanted, and what I felt about it, both good and bad. Finally I asked what they would want to do if I went. Tom looked... almost resigned. I focused on Bonnie and raised my brow, I could feel the anger but I wasn't sure where it was directed. After a short time she finally said something.

"Ash, I don't even know where to start. You know he is taking advantage of you, and more disturbingly your Aunt seems to be going along with it. This won't be like a day at the office, I remember how much killing those Demons in D.C. bothered you. You do realize you will need to be heartless to get out alive right?

"And that's just challenging Demons. I imagine they have slaves from other dimensions right?"

When I nodded my head slowly she continued.

"Well, how will you deal with that, can you ignore it? Be heartless while you either try to steal technology, learn it through magic or bully them into leaving us alone? I'm not mad at you, I'm mad at everyone else. Why does it have to be you?"

I frowned. I hadn't really thought of those aspects of it. Could I do it? Ignore slavery, ruthlessly kill those in my way? Maybe. Could I do it without harming myself with their deaths and the evil going on around me? Probably not, at least, not without changing, I wouldn't be the same person when, or if, I came back. Why me? This was harder to answer; I didn't really even want to do it, but... I would do it for them. Bonnie and Tom, and NYC. The world is too big to really think about, but I could let my small corner of the world drive me forward.

When I tried to explain this, that when I thought not to do it, I got a really bad feeling, Bonnie shook her head in denial.

Tom said, "Well, if you can visit that would be good, but if you can't... I would wait. I'd like to go with you, but between how they feel about Angels, and the fact I can't really fight, I think I would be nothing but a burden."

I wasn't really surprised by Tom's words, he was gentle, a healer. I liked him the way he was.

Bonnie growled. "If you are stuck there, how would you feed? If you don't take one of us, you would have to..." she just trailed off.

Another thing I hadn't really thought of, although skimming should work if I can't get back occasionally, I didn't really know if there was somewhere I could accomplish that over there.

I shrugged, "I don't really need to feed, I get enough energy from my Witch powers for the most part, I could get away with just skimming."

It was a half truth at best; I didn't know really what being in a different dimension would mean for my powers. Bonnie looked torn, I could tell she both wanted to go with me, and wanted to stay. Her eyes were moist and I was getting angry, I didn't like seeing her like this. I wanted to hold and reassure her, but now wasn't the time. 

Bonnie got up shaking her head and muttered that she needed to think about this before running into the bedroom. When Tom moved to follow I stopped him.

"Tom wait, let her work it out. You are going to be late anyway."

Tom frowned so I followed it up with, "You can't fix this... no one can. I'll be here for her while you're gone. She needs to decide what she wants to do."

He nodded, not at all happy but recognizing the truth of my words. He gave me a soft kiss on the forehead, told me I better be here in the morning and left. I stayed there, sitting on the couch and staring at the wall. I didn't want to go, but I felt I had no choice, and I hated that. 

An hour passed and she still hadn't come out. Outside of deciding we needed more artwork and pictures on the walls I hadn't come up with anything either. I just knew I needed to keep them somehow, I couldn't afford to lose it, and if I lost them, lose it I would. I stood up and walked into the bedroom, Bonnie was still dressed in her work clothes.

"Can I come with you?" she whispered softly, "If I don't, I'm afraid I will lose you. I think you will need someone there you can count on as well. It sounds to me like the leaders rule through fear, you'll have to watch your back constantly."

My cheeks were wet and my emotions were all over the place, I didn't know if I was crying in happiness that she was coming, or in sadness at what she would be exposed too. I did know one thing, I would make her as safe as I could.

A broken yes left my mouth as I coaxed her off the bed and into the shower. We made love that night and I held her as she fell asleep. When she was sleeping soundly, I got up. I had work to do, and I needed help to do it. Reaching out to my mother, I opened a portal back to my childhood home and stepped through.

I grinned as her jaw dropped, I guess no one had told her I could do that now.

"Mom, I need your help. I need to create a protective necklace for Bonnie, she is going with me."

Sandy sighed. "I'd hoped you would say no. Though, I knew it was a vain hope."

Shrugging I said, "So did I, but my power doesn't like it at all. I think I have an advantage no one else really has, except other pure witches, and they don't really like to fight. It won't be easy, but I think I have to go."

She nodded and said, "So... protection against fire? Bullets..." Shaking her head she continued, "We can make it good, but the more powerful Demons will break through, and you will have to recharge it after each fight. Maybe we should add healing and mind speech as well, at least between the two of you. Hmm, paralyze any physical attackers? It should protect her from all but the very powerful."

I took a deep breath and felt... more centered. Perhaps it was childish of me, but my mother's presence and help made me feel better about things. 

"Sounds good." I followed her to the room she created and experimented in and we got started. We chose a ruby pendant necklace surrounded by smaller diamonds. The ruby would hold a lot of power, the separate enchantments could be put in the diamonds. It took us about two hours to finish. I thanked her and gave her a hug before taking a portal back to the condo.

I slipped into bed and Bonnie cuddled up against me in her sleep. It didn't take long for me to join her.

The next morning we told Tom that we were both going. Bonnie called in and got a leave of absence, she wasn't too worried about her career. If anything, we figured this would be a boost to it. I also gave Bonnie the amulet and explained how it worked. 
