 Chapter 9

We walked through the portal back to the study and I dropped my smile as the tense emotions in the room reached me. Just in two hours huh?

"What happened," I asked in a tone of defeat.

Simone said, "The Felesians have invaded again. They do it every couple of months, trying to get their people back."

Felesians? Feles was feline in Latin, were these guys on earth at some point?

To makes sure I asked, "Cat people?"

When Simone nodded I asked, "So... what exactly does having cat slaves get us?"

Simone just shrugged so I looked through my cache of stolen memories. Great, Dane had a fetish for torturing and fucking something so different, no surprise there I suppose.

I waved a hand and said, "So just let them go, we don't need them." I highly doubted this approach would work out, but I had been considering how to free the slaves anyway. I don't like slavery...

Simone warned, "Show weakness? That would be a... mistake."

I looked her in the eye, "It's all in the presentation, if they do anything else but leave go ahead and order the troops to kill them. We don't need cat people slaves, why waste resources feeding them and lives on a battle every few months. It's stupid. Tell them there is a new ruler who simply doesn't want them anymore."

Simone looking uncomfortable opened her mouth but I held up my hand. "Never mind, I should do this myself. But you need to go gather all the slaves, how many are there?"

She answered, "Just four Ruler, all female."

Of course they were, sick bastard. Dane I mean, hopefully he gets it right the second time.

I said sharply, "Well go get them."

I felt a little guilty at her flinch, I wasn't really angry at all, actually I was tingly and so pleasantly sore in my center it was all I could do not to smile. But there were four of those guards in here in addition to Devon and Simone. I could have been nicer without the guards here, but stories would travel, I didn't need to duck my own people as well, I had enough enemies as it was.

I also couldn't deal with the cats from a weak position either. It would cause a similar issue. Well it might... who knows, maybe they were peaceful or something. I was also a little ashamed I was enjoying myself so much, although I think that was mostly because I was getting to free some slaves, and I was just thoroughly and well fucked.

While I waited I scanned with my magic around the city finding a portal and trying to decide on a place to show up before Simone returned.

Simone came in with four felines. They were biped, obviously intelligent, but looked just like a cat. It was a little off putting actually. Sexually speaking I mean.

"I have decided to allow you to return to your people, not because of their irritating show of force, but simply because we don't need you anymore. The old Ruler is gone and I find his tastes... lacking." God I was such a bitch and going to hell, but I couldn't let them, or anyone else, think I felt sorry for them, regardless of the truth of it.

They looked hopeful, or at least I think they did. They didn't say anything though so I led a march to the gate of the city, ten guards, four cats and the four of us... Bonnie, Simone, Devon and myself. I had considered a portal, but I wasn't sure where the actual cats were, so this seemed best.

I asked as we walked, "Anything else going on since I've been gone a whole two hours?"

Wow, I needed to pull back on the sarcasm.

Simone's reply surprised me though, I would think I'd be used to it by now, "Yes, the nine vassals checked in, seven are coming to swear fealty, two have declared they want to challenge."

"Okay, and did you do anything about that?"

She shook her head, "Not much to do, we are not required to offer comfort, they will come and go after swearing fealty. The other two..."

I caught myself before sighing; now I had two more challenges? At this rate I'd have to turn the whole planet into babies by next month. 

"That doesn't even make sense, they couldn't beat Dane yet I did, any idea what they are thinking?"

Simone bit her lip, "I could only guess, maybe they heard you banished Dane and didn't kill him, or they think you tricked Dane, or they are stupid. I don't know."

Hmmm, I should have asked Cat when I had the chance, if she's been exploring maybe she found a good dumping ground for Demons who challenge me. I crossed my fingers that they would be successful and I could leave in three days as I walked up to the gate.

I didn't hear any noise of battle, or anything really, "Report," I barked at the gate guard.

He said, "Ruler, the invaders are right outside."

Suspiciously I said, "And, what pray tell, are they doing?"

Were they on nap break?

The guard cleared his throat and said, "Well, they've been stopping people, begging for their people back."

I looked at Simone, "So, when you told me invaders, you actually meant completely peaceful beings who were here to beg for their people back?"

Simone blushed and said, "Well yes, but they only start that way, when they don't get their people back after a week or so they usually attack."

I felt like I was dealing with children, I had to pry every piece of information from them like I was prospecting for gold. Understandable though, no one wants to tell their tyrant anything, lest they get killed for it. On the other hand, maybe the cats dimension thingy takes a week to recharge like the Demon ones, and they only attack when they have a way to retreat.

"Open the gate."

The guard opened the gate and I marched out with my entourage. There were about forty cats and I wondered at the advisability of getting much closer. The claws really did look sharp. Just in case I embraced my power and improved my focus.

I said without preamble, "If we give your people back, you will leave peacefully?"

The cat nodded and a number of hisses, pops and scratchy sounds came from its throat, followed by a small box that spoke Demon. "Where are the rest of my people."

Oh crap. "When I defeated the old ruler yesterday there were only four, I have no idea where the others are or if they are alive. You may ask your people, maybe they know."

I frowned, there was nothing in Dane's memories about missing cats or killing them.

He accused, "You lie, bring me the rest please."

I said boldly, "I never lie, and again, ask your people." lying my ass off of course, about never lying, just not the rest of it. 

"I expect you will take them and go. Do not come back, we have no more of your kind here."

I gestured for the four female cats to go join them, but they didn't move. "Now what," I muttered under my breath.

I suppressed rolling my eyes when the male cat who seemed to be in charge beckoned them over and they went. I waited while they talked in hisses and shit, then the one in charge bowed to me before speaking.

"Very well, we will accept what you say as truth."

Finally something was going right, now if he'd just leave before something el...

My thought got cut off as I heard a loud booming voice, "Ruler, would you have me dispatch this rabble for you?"

He was in my brain rolodex from Dane's memories, one of my vassals, Jindell.

I cursed the gods, just in case they were real, after all, if they were real, they must have been pissed at me already anyway.

I said carefully, "No Jindell, I am dealing with it. Are you here to swear fealty, or..."

The cats weren't moving as they watched this drama unfold, even though they were part of it. It gave new meaning to me for the saying, curiosity killed the cat.

I just know the gods are laughing at me.

Jindell replied, "Fealty of course my Ruler."

I could see the smirk on Bonnie's face as I glared at the head cat person, who hadn't bothered to introduce himself, "Shouldn't you be leaving, you know, while the getting is good?"

The nameless cat replied, "We have six days, fourteen hours and twenty seven minutes before we will be capable of leaving."

OK, so I was right about something at least, I just wish it hadn't been that.

I was about to tell Jindell to get on with it so he could leave when I heard a declaring voice behind me, "Foul harlot, I am Forlin and I challenge you for rulership of this demesne and all your vassals."

I turned around, and coming out of my city gate was Forlin, one of my vassals. I literally bowed my head and covered my face with my hands as I heard Jindell laugh and say, "Forlin, you are a cretin, and foolish."

I looked around for more vassals, the situation was absurd but understandable, they were all coming at the same time after all...

Chapter 10

I looked at the cat, trying one more time to get them out of here and asked, "If I open one for you will you go?"

The cat sneered and said, "As if I would trust a Demon with our new dimension's frequency after what you did to our home dimension."

Oh. I thought it a good idea not to tell them I already had it, I had the feeling they would attack if they knew. I had been curious and scanned them when first coming out. The frequency of their home was clear to read in their very cells. That accounted for the thousand dimensions in each direction rule, the body after that became too far out of sync to work right.

I wouldn't have blamed them for attacking either, they had no idea who I truly was, that I wouldn't dream of attacking or harming them. That I was only here to keep my own dimension safe. To them I was simply another twisted Demon Ruler who had taken over from the last one.

I nodded, "Fine, but you can't stand by the gate, please move away from the city, and I expect you gone in a week."

He nodded and they moved off, but not too far, there was that curiosity thing again. Or maybe they were just worried I would lose the challenge and their agreement with me would disappear. But somehow I doubted it.

I was about to address Jindell again, but checked my stolen memories instead. I had this knowledge but wasn't using it enough and as a result kept getting surprised or putting my foot in my mouth due to ignorance. I was glad I did, he couldn't swear fealty until the challenge had been dealt with, apparently challenges grinded everything else to a halt. They took precedence to everything.

It made a certain amount of sense, why have someone swear fealty if there was a fifty/fifty chance that they would be dead and the ruler in question would just have to swear fealty again to the next one.

I silently wondered if Jezebel would donate money to support an orphanage for ex Demon rulers as I tried to come up with another option. Truly, once or twice that would possibly work, but I couldn't do it for every challenge, could I? I was determined not to kill again though.

I went over the rules in my head on vassals. Vassals were made by a challenger who was a ruler, challenging another ruler and stating within that challenge they would be subdued and forced to be a vassal. The only other rule was the vassal couldn't challenge it if they lost, for a hundred years. So nothing at all that helped me.

I found myself missing crazy ass Angel arsonists at that point, and I was practically pining away for Captain Dunn, my greatest fan on the police force. Damn sarcasm, comes out under pressure.

I needed time to think of something and was a little mad at myself, but I couldn't think of shit, and I couldn't just stand here with my mouth open either.

Reluctantly I said to Forlin, "I accept, right here? Or shall we retire to my courtyard; extend your existence a little longer."

I may not take his life, but as a baby with no memories, this version of him would be gone, forever.

I almost rolled my eyes at his cocky smile as he replied, "Oh, here is fine, how about over there... Witch."

That... brought me up short and I felt a flutter of nerves in my stomach. What did he have up his sleeve? But I nodded and we separated from the crowd to give us room to fight. I embraced my magic fully and went to surround him with it, keep his power from even starting a match sized flame.

But I couldn't feel it. Even worse, I couldn't feel the flames coming toward me. If I had been a pure Witch, I would have been dead at that moment, but my fire shields came from the Demon side and his fire splashed harmlessly against my shield.

The bastard taunted me, "What's the matter Witch? Didn't you know? I have Elven servants. They made a few toys for me before I came."

Frowning I realized I had gotten a little cocky, I knew I could be killed, but had been assuming if it happened it would be an assassination, I had never really believed it would be in a challenge. But I wasn't dead yet.

My shield tracked his fire attacks, strengthening at the right points, although it was harder since I couldn't feel his magic at all, I had to track the fire itself. I had more power than he did, but between my somewhat sloppy blocking, and the fact that he had an Elven trinket to block my attacks perfectly it wasn't looking good.

I rushed him at that speed others couldn't track, and when I punched him as hard as I could in the throat, my Witch magic was attacked and the world started to speed up around me. I rolled and retreated, desperately blocking as my Witch magic once again slowed down what was around me. Luckily my punch had at least done some damage and distracted him momentarily, and his attack speed faltered along with my defense. 

I did promise myself I wouldn't kill, unless I had to, and it was looking like I had better figure out a way, and fast. I still didn't like the idea, but I was okay with self defense, it was one sided slaughter I couldn't stomach, not as a Witch who revered life.

I tried to create a heavy gravity ball and implode his body, but the Elven magic stopped it, I needed something that my magic could create that would kill with natural consequences. Unfortunately there were no boulders, or pianos my somewhat panicking mind came up with, to drop on him.

I thought of a lightning storm, but the air was dry, and it would take too long to develop a system even with magic. I needed something that would work fast. Then I had a crazy thought. Portals were opened with magic but once opened were not magical. They were just folds in space time at that point, leading directly to another place. And they met my really fast criteria.

Hysterical laughter bubbled up as I created two six G gravity balls for everyone here and put it under their feet, everyone except of course, Forlin.

Then I opened a horizontal four by four portal, directly over his head. The other end was twenty one miles straight up into low orbit. I also left out the part that protected against pressure differentials. He shot straight up and disappeared, the sound of the wind was deafening for the few seconds it was open. In relief, I dismissed the magic holding people down as well, glad that it had worked.

Jindell frowned and said, "Where did you send him, this was a challenge to the death."

I fought to hold in my hysterical giggle, my adrenaline was definitely pumping, and answered, "I put him in low orbit, he is definitely dead."

Jindell said, "That seems dishonorable, the challenge is meant to be fought magic to magic."

I raised an eyebrow and said, "Did he not cheat then too, carrying the magic of Elves? Doesn't that violate the tradition of his magic against mine? I imagine that should be just as dishonorable as pulling out a gun. Besides, indirectly or not, my magic did kill him."

His face look shocked for a second, as if he hadn't considered Elven magic as dishonorable before, but his face eventually regained a neutral stance and he slowly nodded. "As you say Ruler. The day is getting late, if I may?"

He kneeled before me and swore, "I swear myself as your vassal, yours to command as you will and I rule my demesne in your name and at your sufferance."

Simple and to the point, I thought it very Demon like. He stood and bowed, then took his leave. 

I turned to Forlin's second and offered him Ruler of his demesne if he would swear as my vassal. He knelt with fear on his face and gave me the same words as Jindell did. His name was Simon, no really, it was.

It was with no small amount of relief I turned and led my procession back to the palace, my mind a little worried. Living Elves being here on the Demon world just made things incredibly more dangerous. I frowned, still having seven more coming for me to deal with, one of those a challenge. And that was all just within what I ruled, who knew how many others would come. I feared three days would be entirely too long.

Thankfully, the rest of the day was uneventful, I wasn't sure I could handle any more if it came up. I even found a moment to pop over and get a dimensional frequency from Cat where I could send the assholes. No cushy upbringing on Earth for the rest of my challengers, a true banishment where they could fight amongst themselves for the rest of their lives without harm to others.

I was prepared now, but it didn't really help my state of mind, I couldn't shake how close I had come to dying and at the same time felt so alive.

Bonnie hadn't left my side all evening, and when we finally got some privacy by retiring to our room, she roughly turned me and kissed me fiercely. I could tell she had been freaked out by my close call earlier and to tell the truth, it had scared me shitless as well. I returned her kiss, hard and desperate, as if to prove we were both still alive, both still okay.

My heart was racing as she roughly kissed me and pulled at my clothes, as I pulled at hers. This would not be a gentle Sapphic loving, or even some kinky role play where she got to play mistress. I could feel it in the air, thick with lust and desperation, and knew this would be a desperate affirmation we were still alive, that we were okay.

I also knew there would be no toys, we both craved, needed, skin to skin contact. Nothing else would do.

When the clothes were gone, she pushed me back onto the bed and I pulled her down as I fell back. The feel of our breasts mashed together and her skin against mine caused my center to tingle. I pulled her down by her hair into another rough kiss. She mewled into my mouth as I felt her caressing fingertips run down my body. 

I was a Succubus, but I wasn't in control, I simply wanted her, more of her, and my heartbeat picked up more as I started breathing heavily, almost afraid to break our kiss. 

I pulled her hair harder, our lips mashing together, tongues dueling as our heavy breaths mixed. I gasped as her nimble fingertips found and parted my labia, driving in a couple of fingers while she bit down on my bottom lip. 

There was no gentle teasing, she simply took me with her hand and my stomach tightened as my wet core tightly contracted around her fingers. My skin was on fire and though she was plastered against me I was desperate for more contact.

I mewled desperately as she broke the kiss and pulled away, but she swung her body around and straddled my head before I could object. I looked up at her moist and puffy honey pot and licked my lips as I felt her reach her hands under me, squeezing and pinching my ass as she lifted it slightly for better access. Her tongue felt like heaven as it dove between my waiting labia and my body felt electrified as she attacked my clit.

There was no talk, no encouragement, I wasn't sure if there was really any sanity, we simply took what we wanted from each other, and take I did.

I smacked her ass hard then pulled her down, my arms wrapped around her legs and up to her ass. I pulled her down while spreading her ass cheeks, the scent of her drove me even farther into desperation as my tongue dove into hot silky wet folds. 

I felt her stomach tighten against my nipples and the soft flesh of my breasts as I worked her labia open and sucked her hardened nub into my mouth, lashing the tip with my eager tongue. My questing fingertips playing with her dark star and my body vibrated in pleasure against her tongue as I felt her moan into my very hot, wet and ready molten core.
